speaker_heading: JFK
dialog: By
dialog: Oliver Stone &amp; Zachary Sklar
dialog: Based on books by
dialog: Jim Marrs &amp; Jim Garrison
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: Credits run in counterpoint through a 7 to 10 minute sequence
text: of documentary images setting the tone of John F. Kennedy's
dialog: Presidency and the atmosphere of those tense times, 1960
text: through 1963. An omniscient narrator's voice marches us
text: through in old time Pathe' newsreel fashion.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: January, 1961 - President Dwight D.
dialog: Eisenhower's Farewell Address to the
dialog: Nation -
scene_heading: EISENHOWER ADDRESS
speaker_heading: EISENHOWER
text: The conjunction of an immense military
text: establishment and a large arms
dialog: industry is new in the American
dialog: experience. The total influence -
dialog: economic, political, even spiritual -
dialog: is felt in every city, every
dialog: statehouse, every office of the
dialog: Federal Government... In the councils
dialog: of government we must guard against
dialog: the acquisition of unwarranted
dialog: influence, whether sought or unsought,
text: by the military industrial complex.
dialog: The potential for the disastrous
dialog: rise of misplaced power exists and
dialog: will persist... We must never let
dialog: the weight of this combination
dialog: endanger our liberties or democratic
dialog: processes. We should take nothing
dialog: for granted...
speaker_heading: ELECTION IMAGERY
text: School kids reciting the Pledge of Allegiance. WPA films of
text: farmers harvesting the Texas plains. Rain, thunderheads, a
text: dusty car coming from far away on a road moving towards
text: Dallas. Cowboys round up the cattle. Young marrieds in a
text: church. Hillsides of tract homes going up. The American
dialog: breadbasket, the West. Over this we hear Eisenhower's
dialog: address. As we move into the election campaign of 1960, we
dialog: see the TV debates, Nixon vs. Kennedy, Mayor Daley, Kennedy
dialog: victorious...
text: Against this is juxtaposed other forces: segregation, J.
dialog: Edgar Hoover, military advisors, Castro, Marilyn Monroe,
text: Lumumba... three frames of the Zapruder film counter-cut...
text: ending with the Kennedy inauguration and the irony of Earl
text: Warren administering the oath as he will Kennedy's eulogy.
speaker_heading: VOICE 2
dialog: November, 1960 - Senator John F.
dialog: Kennedy of Massachusetts wins one of
dialog: the narrowest election victories in
dialog: American history over the Vice-
dialog: President Richard Nixon by a little
text: more than 100,000 votes. Rumors
dialog: abound that he stole the election in
dialog: Illinois through the Democratic
dialog: political machine of Mayor Daley...
dialog: (inauguration shots)
dialog: At his inauguration, at a time when
dialog: American males all wore hats, he let
text: his hair blow free in the wind.
text: Alongside his beautiful and elegant
dialog: wife of French origin, Jacqueline
dialog: Bouvier, J.F.K. is the symbol of the
dialog: new freedom of the 1960's, signifying
dialog: change and upheaval to the American
dialog: public, scaring many and hated
text: passionately by some. To win the
dialog: election and to appease their fears,
text: Kennedy at first takes a tough Cold
dialog: War stance.
scene_heading: BAY OF PIGS IMAGERY
text: The beach, the bombardment, the rounding up of prisoners,
text: Kennedy's public apology, Allen Dulles standing next to
text: J.F.K., both uncomfortable with the small talk...
speaker_heading: VOICE 3
text: He inherits a secret war against the
dialog: Communist Castro dictatorship in
text: Cuba, a war run by the CIA and angry
text: Cuban exiles out of bases in the
dialog: Southern United States, Panama,
dialog: Nicaragua and Guatemala. Castro is
dialog: a successful revolutionary frightening
dialog: to American business interests in
dialog: Latin America - companies like Cabot's
dialog: United Fruit, Continental Can, and
dialog: Rockefeller's Standard Oil. This
text: war culminates in the disastrous Bay
dialog: of Pigs invasion in April 1961, when
dialog: Kennedy refuses to provide air cover
dialog: for the exile brigade. Of the 1600
dialog: men who invade, 114 are killed, 1200
text: are captured. The Cuban exiles and
text: the CIA are furious at Kennedy's
dialog: irresolution... Kennedy, taking public
dialog: responsibility for the failure,
dialog: privately claims the CIA lied to him
dialog: and tried to manipulate him into
dialog: ordering an all-out American invasion
text: of Cuba. He vows to splinter the
text: CIA into a thousand pieces and fires
dialog: Director Allen Dulles, Deputies
dialog: Charles Cabell and Richard Bissell,
dialog: the top leadership of the Agency.
scene_heading: SECRET WAR IMAGERY
dialog: Cuban rallies, footage of training camps, espionage
dialog: activities, boats, cases of weapons, Robert Kennedy... John
text: Roselli, Sam Giancana, Santos Trafficante, Richard Helms
text: (the new CIA chief), Bill Harvey, Head of ZR/RIFLE, Howard
dialog: Hunt...
speaker_heading: VOICE 4
dialog: The CIA, however, continues it's
dialog: secret war on Castro with dozens of
dialog: sabotage and assassination attempts
scene_heading: under it's ZR/RIFLE and MONGOOSE
dialog: programs - The Agency collaborates
dialog: with organized crime elements such
dialog: as John Roselli, Sam Giancana, and
dialog: Santos Trafficante of Tampa, whose
dialog: casino operations in Cuba, worth
dialog: more than a hundred million dollars
dialog: a year in income, Castro has shut
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS
text: Khrushchev, Kennedy, Castro on television, meetings with
text: Cabinet, Russian vessels in Caribbean, U.S. nuclear bases on
dialog: alert, civilians going to underground safe areas... the
text: Russian ship turning around, the country smiling...
speaker_heading: VOICE 5
dialog: In October 1962, the world comes to
dialog: the brink of nuclear war when Kennedy
dialog: quarantines Cuba after announcing
dialog: the presence of offensive Soviet
text: nuclear missiles 90 miles off American
dialog: shores. The Joint Chiefs of Staff
text: and the CIA call for an invasion.
text: Kennedy refuses. Soviet ships with
text: more missiles sail towards the island,
text: but at the last moment turn back.
text: The world breathes with relief but
text: backstage in Washington, rumors abound
dialog: that J.F.K. has cut a secret deal
dialog: with Russian Premier Khrushchev not
dialog: to invade Cuba in return for a Russian
dialog: withdrawal of missiles. Suspicions
dialog: abound that Kennedy is "soft on
dialog: Communism."
scene_heading: NUCLEAR TEST BAN IMAGERY
text: Closing down Cuban Camps, McNamara speaking, Khrushchev and
dialog: Kennedy, the "hot line" telephone system inaugurated, Kennedy
text: with Jackie and children sailing off Cape Cod... Vietnam
text: introduction, early shots, Green Berets, counterinsurgency
text: programs, De Lansdale, leading up to the Test Ban signings...
dialog: then J.F.K. at American University, June 10, 1963.
speaker_heading: VOICE 6
text: In the ensuing months, Kennedy clamps
dialog: down on Cuban exile activities,
dialog: closing training camps, restricting
dialog: covert operations, prohibiting
dialog: shipment of weapons out of the
text: country. The covert arm of the CIA
text: nevertheless continues its plan to
dialog: assassinate Castor... In March '63,
dialog: Kennedy announces drastic cuts in
dialog: the defense budget. In November
dialog: 1963, he orders the withdrawal by
dialog: Christmas of the first 1000 troops
dialog: of the 16,000 stationed in Vietnam.
text: He tells several of his intimates
dialog: that he will withdraw all Vietnam
dialog: troops after the '64 election, saying
dialog: to the Assistant Secretary of State,
dialog: Roger Hilsman, "The Bay of Pigs has
dialog: taught me one, not to trust generals
dialog: or the CIA, and two, that if the
dialog: American people do not want to use
dialog: American troops to remove a Communist
dialog: regime 90 miles from our coast, how
dialog: can I ask them to use troops to remove
dialog: a Communist regime 9,000 miles
dialog: away?"... Finally, in August 1963,
dialog: over the objections of the Joint
dialog: Chiefs of Staff, the United States,
dialog: Great Britain and the Soviet Union
dialog: sign a treaty banning nuclear bomb
text: tests in the atmosphere, underwater
dialog: and in space... Early that fateful
text: summer, Kennedy speaks of his new
dialog: vision at American University in
dialog: Washington.
speaker_heading: JFK
dialog: What kind of peace do we seek? Not
dialog: a pax Americana enforced on the world
dialog: by American weapons of war... We
dialog: must re-examine our own attitudes
dialog: towards the Soviet Union... If we
dialog: cannot now end our differences at
dialog: least we can help make the world
dialog: safe for diversity. For, in the
dialog: final analysis, our most basic link
dialog: is that we all inhabit this small
dialog: planet. We all breathe the same
dialog: air. We all cherish our children's
dialog: future. And we are all mortal...
scene_heading: CONCLUDING KENNEDY IMAGERY
dialog: Diplomats at the United Nations... Adlai Stevenson, Castor...
text: Martin Luther King and the March on Washington (a snatch of
dialog: his "I Have a Dream" speech)... Bobby Kennedy and Jimmy Hoffa
text: going at it... U.S. Steel Chairman's remarks in the steel
text: face-off, men going to courtrooms with briefcases,... Teddy
dialog: Kennedy, Rose, Joe, the Kennedy family, all teeth and good
dialog: looks... and of course John campaigning, always campaigning,
text: shaking hands, smiling, that supremely warm smile and sense
dialog: of grace and ability to convey to crowds their oneness with
dialog: him... forever... culminating in the more specific Texas
text: shots... with Jackie in San Antonio, and Houston... then at
text: Fort Worth... then at Love Field moving through the clouds
text: toward the Dallas/Forth Worth plain which suddenly breaks
text: into view as we descend...
scene_heading: LOUISIANA HIGHWAY - DAY (1963)
text: A moving car carrying two Cuban males disgorges a rumpled,
text: screaming woman, Rose Cheramie, a whore in her thirties,
text: lying there bleeding in the dirt. The car drives off.
speaker_heading: HOSPITAL - DAY (1963)
text: We see Rose, badly cut but quite lucid, trying to reason
text: with a policeman, Lt. Fruge, and a doctor - in a remote black-
dialog: and-white documentary.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: They're going up to Dallas... to
dialog: whack Kennedy. Friday the 22nd,
dialog: that's when they're going to do it.
dialog: In Dealey Plaza. They're gonna whack
dialog: him! You gotta call somebody, these
dialog: are serious fuckin' guys.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (to the police officer)
dialog: Higher'n a kite on something. Been
dialog: like this since she came in.
text: BACK TO DOCUMENTARY IMAGES
text: We see the last close-ups of Kennedy shaking hands on the
text: tarmac at Love Field, smiling, into the motorcade... the
text: downtown streets of Dallas, people packing the sidewalks
text: clear back to the buildings, hanging out of windows ten
text: stories up, schoolgirls surging out into the street in front
text: of the car. The President is wildly popular - except for
dialog: the occasional posters calling for his arrest for treason...
speaker_heading: VOICE 7
text: More rumors emerge of J.F.K.'s
dialog: backdoor efforts outside usual State
dialog: Department and CIA channels to
dialog: establish dialogue with Fidel Castro
dialog: through contacts at the United Nations
dialog: in New York. Kennedy is seeking
dialog: change on all fronts. Bitter battles
dialog: are fought with Southern
dialog: segregationists to get James Meredith
dialog: into the University of Mississippi.
text: Three months after Kennedy submits a
dialog: sweeping civil rights bill to
dialog: Congress, Martin Luther King leads
text: 250,000 in a march on Washington.
dialog: Robert Kennedy, as Attorney General,
dialog: for the first time ever vigorously
dialog: prosecutes the Mafia in American
dialog: life, bringing and winning a record
dialog: number of cases - 288 convictions of
dialog: organized crime figures including 13
dialog: grand juries against Jimmy Hoffa and
dialog: his Teamsters Union. The President
dialog: also takes on Big Business, forcing
dialog: back steel prices, winning 45 of 46
dialog: antitrust cases during 1963 and he
dialog: wants to help everyday taxpayers by
dialog: ending age- old business privileges
dialog: like the oil depletion allowance and
dialog: the fees paid to the Federal Reserve
dialog: Bank for printing America's currency.
dialog: Revolutionary changes are foreseen
dialog: after J.F.K.'s assumed re-election
dialog: in 1964. Foremost in the political
dialog: consciousness of the country is the
dialog: possibility of a Kennedy dynasty.
dialog: Robert Kennedy in '68, Teddy Kennedy
dialog: in '76. In November, 1963 John
dialog: Kennedy travels to Texas, his
text: popularity sagging to 59% largely
dialog: due to his civil rights stand for
dialog: which he is particularly hated in
dialog: the South. Texas is a crucial state
dialog: for him to carry in '64. With him
dialog: is Vice-President, Lyndon Johnson
dialog: and Texas Governor John Connally.
dialog: On November 21, they visit Houston
dialog: and San Antonio. On the morning of
text: November 22, he speaks in Fort Worth,
text: then flies 15 minutes to Love Field
text: in Dallas, where he takes a motorcade
text: through downtown Dallas on his way
dialog: to speak at 12:30 at the International
text: Trade Mart. Later, the motorcade
text: takes him through Dealey Plaza at
dialog: 12:30...
scene_heading: DEALEY PLAZA - THAT DAY (NOV. 22, 1963)
text: We see a massive overhead shot of the Plaza as it lay then.
dialog: Credits conclude under shot - and we have the subtitle
dialog: "November 22, 1963."
text: A young epileptic screams and suddenly collapses near the
text: fountains in front of the Texas School Depository. He has a
text: violent epileptic fit that attracts surrounding attention.
text: Dallas policemen run over to him. We hear the siren of an
text: ambulance roaring up.
text: TIMECUT TO ambulance loading the epileptic man and taking
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: AMBULANCE VOICE
text: We are en route to Parkland.
text: BACK TO a montage of the shooting. We see Kennedy, in the
text: last seconds, waving, turning the corner at Houston from
text: Main... We see TV footage and a piece of Zapruder film from
text: before the shooting; fragmented images...
text: CUT TO stages shots of crowd people looking on. The images
text: are grainy to match the tone of the Zapruder film. People
text: are on rooftops, hollering. The crowd is wild with
text: enthusiasm. We pan past Jack Ruby and slam into him in black-
text: and-white. The camera shows a Cuban man with a radio; a man
text: with an umbrella; subliminals. Through open windows on the
text: fifth floor of the Criminal Courts Building, convicts watch
text: and holler from their jail cells. We see the sixth floor of
text: the Texas Book Depository with open windows and a vague blur
text: of a figure and a rifle.
text: The clock on the Hertz sign reads 12:30.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: We'll be there in about five minutes.
text: A motorcycle officer paralleling the Kennedy car tries to
dialog: use his radio.
text: It's jammed. The sound of the jammed Dictabelt drives the
dialog: rest of the sequence.
text: We see Zapruder, a short middle - aged man, shooting his 8mm
text: film from the Grassy Knoll, and then we see Jackie Kennedy -
text: floating on film, her voice, high, soft:
scene_heading: JACKIE KENNEDY
dialog: (voice restaged)
dialog: And in the motorcade, you know I
dialog: usually would be waving mostly to
text: the left side and he was waving mostly
dialog: to the right, which is one reason
dialog: you're not looking at each other
dialog: very much. And it was terribly hot.
dialog: Just blinding all of us... We could
text: see a tunnel in front of us.
dialog: Everything was really slow then.
dialog: And I remember thinking it would be
dialog: so cool under that tunnel.
text: The camera rests on Jackie for a beat, and then we see the
text: shot of the little schoolgirl skipping on the grass.
text: CUT TO the approaching overpass. J.F.K. waves... Mrs.
text: Connally turns to J.F.K. The shot is crazy, fractured,
dialog: surreal.
speaker_heading: MRS. CONNALLY (V.O.)
dialog: Mr. President, you can't say that
dialog: Dallas doesn't love you.
speaker_heading: JFK (V.O.)
dialog: No, you certainly can't.
text: Then we hear the shots: the volley sounds like a motorcycle
text: backfire. We catch a glimpse of a muzzle flash and smoke.
text: We see a view from the street of the Texas School Book
text: Depository - all in line with the "official" version of
text: events. Pigeons by the hundreds suddenly shoot off the roof.
text: Then the screen goes gray as did CBS TV's first bulletins to
dialog: the country.
speaker_heading: CBS BULLETIN
dialog: (full screen)
dialog: We interrupt this program to bring
dialog: you this flash bulletin. A burst of
text: gunfire! Three bursts of gunfire,
text: apparently from automatic weapons,
dialog: were fired at President Kennedy's
text: motorcade in downtown Dallas.
text: We hear voices under this from everywhere, colliding in
dialog: confusion and horror:
speaker_heading: VOICES
text: OH NO! MY GOD THEY'RE GOING TO KILL
dialog: US ALL! Be still. You're going to
dialog: be all right. LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
text: WE'RE HIT! LAWSON, THIS IS KELLERMAN.
text: WE ARE HIT. GET US TO THE HOSPITAL
scene_heading: IMMEDIATELY. PULL OUT OF THE
scene_heading: MOTORCADE. TAKE US TO THE NEAREST
speaker_heading: HOSPITAL.
scene_heading: JACKIE KENNEDY VOICE
dialog: Oh, no, they've shot Jack... I love
dialog: you, Jack... Jack... they've killed
dialog: my husband...
speaker_heading: CBS BULLETIN (V.O.)
dialog: The first reports say that President
text: Kennedy has been seriously wounded
dialog: by the shooting. More details just
dialog: arrived. United Press say the wounds
dialog: to President Kennedy perhaps could
dialog: be fatal. Repeating: President
text: Kennedy has been shot by a would-be
text: assassin in Dallas. Three bursts of
text: gunfire, apparently from automatic
dialog: weapons...
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (blending under)
text: IT CAME FROM THERE. SECURE THAT
text: AREA BEHIND THE FENCE. IT'S THAT
text: BUILDING UP THERE.
text: We hear sirens and screeching tires. The screen is still
text: gray, randomly intercut with the end of the Nix film showing
text: the car escaping. There are wildly tracking shots of the
text: crowd running towards the Grassy Knoll.
text: The camera pans up the little set of stairs. We see more
dialog: faces.
text: Someone in a suit stops our camera. Secret Service?
text: We see the briefest glimpse from the Zapruder film. The
text: camera moves in on the open umbrella next, then to the freeway
text: sign, then to Mrs. Kennedy out of the car reaching for help,
text: then to the agent rushing onto the rear fender. The car
text: finally speeds away. The people on the other side of the
text: underpass wave at the oncoming hearse from hell. (These are
text: fragmented, mystifying shots. The main effect is one of
dialog: blackout - of not knowing; of being in the dark, as we all
dialog: were back then.)
scene_heading: CUT TO JIM GARRISON'S OFFICE - NEW ORLEANS - SAME DAY (1963)
text: Pause. The lovely old china clock on the wall reads 12:35.
text: Somewhere a car backfires. We see a close-up of the clock
text: moving to 12:36. We hear the sound of a pen on paper,
text: scratching... We see a shot of Jim Garrison as a young air
text: pilot in World War II; hear the sound of airplanes. The
text: camera moves to framed photos of Jim as a young, Lincolnesque
text: lawyer... we hear sounds of political rallies, cheering... a
text: shot of Jim's grandfather shaking hands with President William
text: Taft. The sound of bulldozers carries us to a shot of Jim
text: staring at piles of decaying corpses at Dachau... a photo of
dialog: Clarence Darrow... a law degree and an appointment as District
dialog: Attorney of the New Orleans Parish... Mother Garrison with
text: young Jim on the desk... another family - his own. We look
text: across the thick desk with the chess set, A Complete
text: Works of William Shakespeare and a Nazi helmet with a bullet
dialog: hole in it... to Jim himself writing - pen to paper. We
text: sense the quiet intellect of the 43 year old man. The clock
text: ticks in the awful suspended silence.
text: It's as if the air itself has been sucked from the silent
text: room. This is the last moment of peace before the World
text: will rush through the door in all its sound and fury - to
text: change his life forever. The camera haywires into a close-
text: up of Jim as he looks up... and knows.
text: Lou Ivon, Jim's chief investigator, is already standing there
text: in the room. He is burly, in his 30s - his expression
dialog: universal for that day.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What's wrong, Lou?
speaker_heading: LOU
text: Boss, the President's been shot. In
text: Dallas. Five minutes ago.
text: Jim is stunned. His look of horror and shock speaks the
dialog: same language as on faces all across America that Black
dialog: Friday.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh no!... How bad?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: No word yet. But they think it's in
dialog: the head.
text: Jim gets up, heading rapidly for the door.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on. Napoleon's has a TV set.
scene_heading: NAPOLEON'S RESTAURANT - THE QUARTER - DAY(1963)
text: The midday customers all stare solemnly at the TV set high
text: in the corner of the cafe. The manager, ashen, serves drinks
text: to Jim and Lou.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 1
dialog: Apparently three bullets were found.
dialog: Governor Connally also appeared to
text: be hit. The President was rushed by
dialog: the Secret Service to Parkland
text: Memorial Hospital four miles from
dialog: Dealey Plaza.
text: We are told a bullet entered the base of the throat and came
text: out of the backside, but there is no confirmation, blood
text: transfusions are being given, a priest has administered the
dialog: last rites.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There's still a chance, dammit!
dialog: Come on, Jack - pull through.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: (Italian, distracted)
dialog: I don't believe it. I don't believe
dialog: it. Here, in this country.
text: They all look up, expectant, as Walter Cronkite interrupts
dialog: on the TV:
speaker_heading: WALTER CRONKITE
dialog: From Dallas, Texas - the flash
dialog: apparently official, President Kennedy
dialog: died at 1 p.m. Central Standard
dialog: Time, 2 o'clock Eastern Standard
text: Time, some 38 minutes ago.
dialog: (choked pause)
dialog: Vice-President Johnson has left the
dialog: hospital in Dallas, but we do not
dialog: know to where he has proceeded.
dialog: Presumably, he will be taking the
dialog: oath of office shortly, and become
dialog: the 36th President of the United
dialog: States.
text: There are sounds of shock, muttering, some sobbing in the
text: restaurant. Lou gulps down his drink. Jim sits stunned.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I didn't always agree with him - too
dialog: liberal for my tastes - but I
dialog: respected him. He had style... God,
dialog: I'm ashamed to be an American today.
text: He holds back the tears. The food comes. Lou waves it off.
text: They just sit there.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR KATZENJAMMER'S BAR - SAME DAY(1963)
text: Katzenjammer's is an Irish working class bar across Canal
text: St. In a seedy area near the Mississippi River, just off
dialog: Lafayette Square.
scene_heading: INTERIOR KATZENJAMMER'S BAR - SAME DAY(1963)
text: A variety of loud Irish working men sit on stools watching
text: the TV. There are a few formica tables with chairs against
text: the walls, and an unused pool table.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 2
dialog: Many arrests have been made here
dialog: today. Anyone looking even remotely
text: suspicious is being detained. Most
dialog: of the crowd has gone home but there
dialog: are still many stunned people
text: wandering around in Dealey Plaza
dialog: unable to comprehend what happened
dialog: here earlier today.
text: On the TV, we see the scene at Dealey Plaza. The reporter
text: has several men, women, and children gathered around him.
text: He puts his microphone in their faces.
speaker_heading: BLACK WOMAN
dialog: (crying)
dialog: It's all so terrible. I jes' can't
dialog: stop crying. He did so much for
dialog: this country, for colored people.
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (Bill Newman, with
dialog: wife and kids)
dialog: I grabbed my kids and wife and hit
text: the ground. The bullets were coming
dialog: over our heads - from that fence
dialog: back on the knoll - I was just so
dialog: shaken. I saw his face when it hit...
text: he just, his ear flew off, he turned
dialog: just real white and then went stiff
text: like a board and flopped over on his
text: stomach, with his foot sticking out.
text: CUT TO the picket fence above the Grassy Knoll.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 2
dialog: I thought... it came from up there,
dialog: that building.
text: CUT TO the Book Depository.
speaker_heading: MAN 2
dialog: I heard shots from over there.
text: CUT TO the County Records Building.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 2
dialog: How many shots?
speaker_heading: WOMAN 3
dialog: About 3 to 4... I don't know.
speaker_heading: MAN 3
dialog: I never thought it could happen in
dialog: America.
text: Back in the bar, the camera moves to two patrons seated at a
text: table by themselves, far enough away not to be heard. Guy
text: Banister is a sturdy, imposing ex - FBI agent in his 60's,
text: steel gray hair, blue eyes, ruddy from heavy drinking. He
text: wears a small rosebud in his lapel. Jack Martin is a thin,
text: mousy man in his mid - 50's, wearing a Dick Tracy hat.
text: They're both drinking Wild Turkey heavily. The TV blares
text: loudly across the room over their voices.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: All this blubbering over that
dialog: sonofabitch! They're grieving like
dialog: they knew the man. It makes me want
dialog: to puke.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: God's sake, chief. The President
dialog: was shot.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: A bullshit President! I don't see
dialog: any weeping for all the thousands of
dialog: Cubans that bastard condemned to
text: death and torture at the Bay of Pigs.
dialog: Where are all the tears for the
dialog: Russians and Hungarians and Chinese
dialog: living like slaves in prison camps
dialog: run by Kennedy's communist buddies -
dialog: All these damned peace treaties!
dialog: I'm telling ya Jack, that's what
dialog: happens when you let the niggers
text: vote. They get together with the
dialog: Jews and the Catholics and elect an
text: Irish bleeding heart.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Chief, maybe you had a little too
dialog: much to drink.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: Bullshit!
dialog: (yells across the
dialog: room)
dialog: Bartender, another round...
dialog: (finishes drink)
dialog: Here's to the New Frontier. Camelot
dialog: in smithereens. I'll drink to that.
scene_heading: NAPOLEON'S RESTAURANT - DAY(1963)
text: Several hours have elapsed. The clientele has grown,
text: drinking, watching the tube with the insatiable curiosity
text: the event engendered. People stare in from the street...
text: There is a silence in the restaurant.
text: TELEVISION INSERT: image of a Dallas policeman hauling a
text: Mannlicher - Carcano rifle with a sniperscope over the heads
text: of the press gathered in the police station.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 3
dialog: This is the rifle, it is a Mannlicher -
dialog: Carcano Italian rifle, a powerful
dialog: World War II military gun used by
dialog: infantry and highly accurate at
text: distances of 100 yards.
text: We see images of the textbook boxes - the sniper's nest in
text: the sixth story of the Book Depository - and then the view
text: out the window looking down at Elm Street.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 3
text: The assassin apparently fired from
dialog: this perch... but so far no word,
dialog: much confusion and...
text: CUT TO Newsman 2 at a different location or in studio.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 4
text: A flash bulletin... the Dallas Police
dialog: have just announced they have a
dialog: suspect in the killing of a Dallas
text: police officer, J.D. Tippit, who was
text: shot at 1:15 in Oak Cliff, a suburb
dialog: of Dallas.
dialog: Police are saying there could be a tie - in here to the murder
dialog: of the President.
text: TELEVISION INSERT: Lee Harvey Oswald, a bruise over his
text: right temple, is apprehended at the Texas Theatre.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 4
text: The suspect, identified as Lee Harvey
dialog: Oswald, was arrested by more than a
text: dozen police officers after a short
text: scuffle at the Texas movie theatre
text: in Oak Cliff, several blocks from
text: where Officer Tippit was killed,
text: apparently with a .38 revolver found
text: on Oswald. There is apparently at
dialog: least one eyewitness.
text: TELEVISION INSERT: Oswald is booked at the station. A surly
text: young man, 24, he claims to the press:
speaker_heading: TV OSWALD
dialog: No, I don't know what I'm charged
dialog: with... I don't know what dispatches
dialog: you people have been given, but I
dialog: emphatically deny these charges.
scene_heading: VOICE FROM THE BAR
dialog: They oughta just shoot the bastard.
text: The room bursts out with an accumulated fury at the young
text: Oswald - a tremendous release of tension. On the TV we see
text: the excitement in the newsmen's eyes; they all sense that
dialog: this is the break they're looking for in the case.
text: Garrison and Ivon watch the TV, and then Garrison stands and
text: pays the bill.
speaker_heading: LOU
text: One little guy with a cheap rifle -
dialog: look what he can do.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let's get outta here, Lou. I saw
dialog: too much stuff like this in the war.
text: As they leave, the camera holds on the image of Oswald.
scene_heading: MISSISSIPPI RIVER WATERFRONT - TWILIGHT(1963)
text: The sun is setting through thunderheads over the Mississippi
text: River waterfront as Banister and Martin wobble out, drunk,
text: down the street.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: Well, the kid musta gone nuts, right?
dialog: (Martin says nothing,
dialog: looks troubled)
dialog: I said Oswald must've flipped. Just
dialog: did this crazy thing before anyone
dialog: could stop him, right?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I think I'll cut out here, chief. I
dialog: gotta get home.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: (strong-arms Martin)
dialog: Get home my ass. We're going to the
dialog: office, have another drink. I want
dialog: some company tonight.
scene_heading: BANISTER'S OFFICE - NIGHT(1963)
text: Rain pours down outside 531 Lafayette Street as Banister
text: opens several locks on the door and turns on the lights.
text: The frosted glass on the door says "W. Guy Banister
dialog: Associates, Inc., Investigators." It's a typical detective's
text: office with spare desks, simple chairs, large filing cabinets
text: and cubicles in the rear.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: (repetitive)
dialog: Who'd ever thought that goofy Oswald
dialog: kid would pull off a stunt like an
dialog: assassination?
dialog: (Martin waits)
dialog: Just goes to show, you can never
dialog: know about some people. Am I right,
dialog: Jack?
dialog: (Martin, frightened
dialog: now, doesn't reply)
dialog: Well, bless my soul. Your eyes are
dialog: as red as two cherries, Jack. Don't
dialog: tell me we have another bleeding
dialog: heart here. Hell, all these years I
dialog: thought you were on my side.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Chief, sometimes I don't know whether
dialog: you're kidding or not.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: I couldn't be more serious, Jack.
dialog: Those big red eyes have me wondering
dialog: about your loyalty.
text: Banister, going to a file cabinet to get a bottle out, notices
text: one of the file drawers is slightly ajar. He flies into a
dialog: rage.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: Who the hell opened my files! You've
dialog: been looking through my private files,
dialog: haven't you, you weasel?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You may not like this, chief, but
dialog: you're beginning to act paranoid. I
dialog: mean, you really are.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: You found out about Dave Ferrie going
dialog: to Texas today and you went through
dialog: all my files to see what was going
dialog: on. You're a goddamn spy.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Goddammit chief, why would I ever
dialog: need to look in your files? I saw
dialog: enough here this summer to write a
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: I always lock my files. And you
dialog: were the only one here today...
text: (stops as he hears
dialog: Martin)
dialog: What do you mean, you son of a bitch?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You know what I mean. I saw a lot
dialog: of strange things going on in this
dialog: office this summer. And a lotta
dialog: strange people.
text: Enraged, Banister pulls a .357 Magnum from his holster,
text: cursing as he suddenly slams it into Martin's temple. The
text: smaller man crumples painfully to the ground.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: You didn't see a goddamn thing, you
dialog: little weasel. Do you get it? You
dialog: didn't see a goddamn thing.
scene_heading: JIM GARRISON'S HOME - THAT NIGHT(1963)
text: Jim and his wife, Liz, watch the television. She is in her
text: early 30's, an attractive, quiet southern woman from
text: Louisiana. They live in a spacious two-story wood house,
dialog: suburban in feel.
text: TELEVISION IMAGE: Reporters are jammed in the Assembly Room
text: of the Dallas Police Headquarters as Oswald is brought through
text: the corridor, officers on either side of him.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 5
dialog: (over the din)
dialog: Did you shoot the President?
speaker_heading: TV OSWALD
dialog: I didn't shoot anybody, no sir. I'm
dialog: just a patsy.
text: The camera moves onto Jim with Liz and the children - Jasper,
text: the oldest at 4, holds his dad's hand. On Liz's lap, Snapper,
text: the youngest, is asleep. Virginia, the 2-year-old, is
text: pestering the Boxer dog... and Mattie, the heavyset black
text: housekeeper, 35, is in tears.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: My god, he sure looks like a creep.
dialog: What's he talkin' 'bout... a patsy?
text: TELEVISION IMAGE: Oswald in front of the cameras, on a
dialog: platform.
speaker_heading: TV OSWALD
dialog: Well, I was questioned by a judge.
dialog: However, I protested at the time
dialog: that I was not allowed legal
dialog: representation during that very short
dialog: and sweet hearing. Uh, I really
dialog: don't know what the situation is
dialog: about. Nobody has told me anything
dialog: except that I am accused of, uh,
dialog: murdering a policeman. I know nothing
dialog: more than that and I do request that
dialog: someone come forward to give me, uh,
dialog: legal assistance.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 5
dialog: Did you kill the President?
speaker_heading: TV OSWALD
dialog: No. I have not been charged with
dialog: that. In fact nobody has said that
dialog: to me yet. The first thing I heard
dialog: about it was when the newspaper
dialog: reporters in the hall, uh, asked me
dialog: that question.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 6
dialog: You have been charged.
speaker_heading: TV OSWALD
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 6
dialog: You have been charged.
text: Oswald seems shocked.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 5
dialog: Were you ever in the Free Cuba
dialog: Movement or whatever the...
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (a voice in the back)
dialog: It was the Fair Play for Cuba
dialog: Committee.
text: Oswald looks over and spots Ruby in the back of the room, on
text: a table. Recognition is in his eyes. The police start to
dialog: move him out.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 6
dialog: What did you do in Russia? What
dialog: happened to your eye?
speaker_heading: TV OSWALD
dialog: A policeman hit me.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: He seems pretty cool to me for a man
dialog: under pressure like that.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Icy, you mean.
dialog: (shudders)
dialog: He gives me the willies... come on
dialog: sugarplums, it's past your bedtimes...
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: Come on, let's go upstairs.
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Mattie - get ahold of yourself.
speaker_heading: MATTIE
dialog: Why, Mr. Jim? He was a great man,
dialog: Mr. Jim, a great man...
text: Jim is moved by her.
text: TELEVISION IMAGE: Texas D.A. Henry Wade addresses the
dialog: journalists.
speaker_heading: TV WADE
text: There is no one else but him. He
dialog: has been charged in the Supreme Court
dialog: with murder with malice. We're gonna
dialog: ask for the death penalty.
text: Jim moves to the phone as Liz starts the kids up the stairs.
text: The TV cuts to stills of Oswald's life. Two newsmen sit in
text: a studio, smoking, sharing information.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (Newsman 7)
dialog: So several hours after the
text: assassination, a disturbed portrait
text: is emerging of Lee Harvey Oswald.
text: Described as shy and introverted, he
dialog: spent much of his childhood in New
dialog: Orleans, Louisiana and went to high
dialog: school there. After a stint in the
dialog: Marines, he apparently became
dialog: fascinated by Communism and in 1959
dialog: defected to the Soviet Union.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (Newsman 8)
dialog: He married a Russian woman there,
dialog: Frank, had a child, and then returned
dialog: to the United States after 30 months.
dialog: But he is still believed to be a
dialog: dedicated Marxist and a fanatical
dialog: supporter of Fidel Castro and ultra
dialog: left wing causes. He spent last
dialog: summer in New Orleans and was arrested
text: in a brawl with anti-Castro Cuban
dialog: exiles.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (Newsman 7)
dialog: And apparently, Bob, Oswald had been
dialog: passing out pro-Castro pamphlets for
dialog: an organization called Fair Play for
dialog: Cuba, a Communist front he reportedly
dialog: belongs to.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (Newsman 8)
dialog: And we have Marina Oswald, his Russian-
dialog: born wife, who has identified the
dialog: rifle found in the Book Depository
dialog: as belonging to her husband. And we
dialog: have...
text: TELEVISION IMAGES: Kennedy's casket coming off the plane in
text: Washington D.C. play under the newsman... Jackie stands there
text: in her blood-spotted dress... we cut to the photograph of
text: L.B.J. taking the oath of office earlier that day... and a
text: still photo of Robert Kennedy's reaction...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Lou, I'm sorry to disturb you this
dialog: late... yeah, matter of routine but
dialog: we better get on this New Orleans
text: connection of Oswald's right away.
dialog: Check out his record, find any friends
dialog: or associates from last summer.
dialog: Let's meet with the senior assistants
dialog: and investigators day after tomorrow,
dialog: Sunday, yeah, at 11... Thanks Lou.
scene_heading: GARRISON CONFERENCE ROOM - 2 DAYS LATER - DAY(1963)
text: Jim is with his key players: Lou Ivon, chief investigator;
text: Susie Cox, in her 30's, and efficient, attractive Assistant
text: D.A.; La Oser, Assistant D.A. in his 40's, serious,
text: spectacled; Bill Broussard, Assistant D.A., handsome,
text: volatile, in his 30's; Numa Bertell, D.A. in his 30's, chubby
text: and friendly, and several others. They sit around a
text: conference table with a black-and-white portable TV on a
dialog: side table showing the current Sunday, November 24 news from
dialog: Dallas.
speaker_heading: MARINA OSWALD
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Lee good man... he not shoot anyone.
text: Camera moves to Lou Ivon, looking at paperwork.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: As far as Oswald's associates, boss,
dialog: the one name that keeps popping up
dialog: is David Ferrie.
dialog: Oswald was seen with him several times last summer.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know David - a strange character.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: He's been in trouble before. Used
dialog: to be a hot shot pilot for Eastern
text: Airlines, but he got canned after an
dialog: alleged homosexual incident with a
text: 14-year old boy.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (on phone, excited)
dialog: Get Kohlman... he told somebody the
dialog: Texas trip... yesterday mentioned to
dialog: somebody about Ferrie... find it
dialog: out.
text: On the TV we see the first image of the "backyard photos" of
text: Lee Harvey Oswald holding the rifle.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 1
dialog: These backyard photos were found
dialog: yesterday among Oswald's possessions
text: in the garage of Janet William's
dialog: home in Riving, Texas, where Marina
text: Oswald and her children are living.
dialog: The picture apparently was taken
dialog: earlier this year. Police say the
dialog: rifle, a cheap World War II Italian-
dialog: made Mannlicher-Carcano, was ordered
dialog: from a Chicago mailing house and
text: shipped to Oswald's alias A. Hidell
text: at a post office box in March, 1963.
dialog: This is the same rifle that was used
dialog: to assassinate the President.
text: The camera moves back to the staff, who watch, obviously
dialog: influenced.
speaker_heading: COX
dialog: That ties it up...
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Another nut. Jesus, anybody can get
text: a rifle in Texas.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: So it seems that Dave Ferrie drove
dialog: off on a Friday afternoon for Texas -
dialog: a source told Kohlman he might have
dialog: been a getaway pilot for Oswald.
text: Members of the team exchange looks of surprise and disbelief.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hold your horses. What kinda source?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (grins)
text: The anonymous kind, Chief.
speaker_heading: OSER
dialog: I think I remember this guy Ferrie
dialog: speaking at a meeting of some
text: veteran's group. Ranting against
dialog: Castro. Extreme stuff.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 1
text: We go back now to the basement of
dialog: police headquarters where they're
dialog: about to transfer Oswald to County
dialog: Prison...
text: TELEVISION IMAGE: The basement of the Dallas police
text: headquarters - waiting. Men mill around as Oswald is led
text: out of the basement by two deputies. Jack Ruby rushes forward
text: out of the crowd - and into history - putting his sealing
text: bullet into Oswald. Total chaos erupts...
text: The camera is on the staff, looking. We hear gasps.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: He's been shot! Oswald's been shot!
speaker_heading: VARIOUS VOICES
dialog: Goddamn! Look at that... Look at
dialog: that... I don't believe this... Right
dialog: on TV! What is going on? Who is
dialog: this guy... oh Jesus.
text: Jim is silent.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Seventy cops in that basement. What
dialog: the hell were they doing?
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 1
dialog: Jack Ruby... Who is Jack Ruby? Oswald
text: is hurt.
text: We see images of Oswald being lifted onto the stretcher,
text: into the ambulance, and the newscaster crouching, whispering.
text: Everybody in the room is stunned still.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Well, no trial now. Looks like
dialog: somebody saved the Dallas D.A. a
text: pile of work.
text: They look to Jim. There's a pause. He is deeply disturbed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Well, let's get Ferrie in here anyway.
scene_heading: GARRISON OFFICE - NEXT DAY - DAY(1963)
text: The portable television plays to Jim alone, sitting in his
text: chair smoking a pipe. We see searing images of the funeral -
text: crowds of mourners, the casket being driven through the
text: streets, the honor guards, the horses, the dignitaries walking
text: behind, Jackie veiled... the faces of De Gaulle, MacMillan,
text: Robert Kennedy. We intercut briefly to Lyndon Johnson sitting
dialog: down earlier that day with the Joint Chiefs of Staff... and
text: then a future cut to Johnson in the Oval Office (staged).
text: The shots are very tight, uncomfortable - noses, eyes, hands -
dialog: very tight.
text: As the door opens following a knock, David Ferrie is brought
text: into Jim's office by two police officers and Lou Ivon. Jim
text: stands up, cordial.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Chief... David Ferrie.
text: Ferrie suffers from alopecia, a disease that has removed all
text: his body hair, and he looks like a Halloween character -
text: penciled eyebrows, one higher than the other, a scruffy
text: reddish wig pasted on askew with glue, thrift store clothing.
text: His eyes, however, are swift and cunning, his smile warm,
text: inviting itself, his demeanor hungry to please.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shakes hands)
dialog: Come in, Dave. Have a seat, make
dialog: yourself comfortable. Coffee?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Do you remember me, Mr. Garrison? I
dialog: met you on Carondolet Street right
dialog: after your election. I congratulated
dialog: you, remember?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How could I forget? You make quite
dialog: a first impression.
dialog: (on intercom)
dialog: Sharon, could you please bring us
dialog: some coffee?
dialog: (Ferrie laughs; pause)
dialog: I've heard over the years you're
dialog: quite a first-rate pilot, Dave.
dialog: Legend has it you can get in and out
dialog: of any field, no matter how small...
dialog: (Jim points to the
dialog: pictures on his wall)
dialog: I'm a bit of a pilot myself, you
dialog: know. Flew grasshoppers for the
dialog: field artillery in the war.
text: Ferrie glimpses the low-volumed TV - and images of the
text: funeral. He looks away, jittery, and takes out a cigarette.
text: Sharon brings the coffee in.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Do you mind if I smoke, Mr. Garrison?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (holds up his pipe)
dialog: How could I? Dave, as you know,
dialog: President Kennedy was assassinated
text: on Friday. A man named Lee Harvey
dialog: Oswald was arrested as a suspect and
dialog: then was murdered yesterday by a man
dialog: named Jack Ruby.
dialog: (on each name, watching
dialog: Ferrie's reaction)
dialog: We've heard reports that Oswald spent
dialog: the summer in New Orleans and we've
dialog: been advised you knew Oswald pretty
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: That's not true. I never met anybody
dialog: named Oswald. Anybody who told you
dialog: that has to be crazy.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But you are aware, he served in your
dialog: Civil Air Patrol unit when he was a
dialog: teenager.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: No... if he did, I don't remember
dialog: him. There were lots of kids in and
dialog: out... y'know.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (hands him a current
dialog: newspaper)
dialog: I'm sure you've seen this. Perhaps
dialog: you knew this man under another name?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: No, I never saw him before in my
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well that must've been mistaken
dialog: information we got. Thanks for
dialog: straightening it out for us.
dialog: (puffs on pipe, Ferrie
text: looks relieved; images
dialog: of the funeral
dialog: continue on the TV)
dialog: There is one other matter that's
dialog: come up, Dave. We were told you
dialog: took a trip to Texas shortly after
dialog: the assassination of Friday.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Yeah, now that's true. I drove to
dialog: Houston.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What was so appealing about Houston?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: I hadn't been there ice skating in
dialog: many years, and I had a couple of
dialog: young friends with me, and we decided
dialog: we wanted to go ice skating.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dave, may I ask why the urge to go
dialog: ice skating in Texas happened to
dialog: strike you during one of the most
text: violent thunderstorms in recent
dialog: memory?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Oh, it was just a spur of the moment
dialog: thing... the storm wasn't that bad.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I see. And where did you drive?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: We went straight to Houston, and
dialog: then Saturday night we drove to
dialog: Galveston and stayed over there.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why Galveston?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: No particular reason. Just to go
dialog: somewhere.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And then Sunday?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: In the morning we went goose hunting.
dialog: Then headed home, but I dropped the
dialog: boys off to see some relatives and I
dialog: stayed in Hammond.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Did you bag any geese on this trip?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: I believe the boys got a couple.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But the boys told us they didn't get
dialog: any.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (fidgeting, lighting
dialog: another cigarette)
dialog: Oh yes, well, come to think of it,
dialog: they're right. We got to where the
dialog: geese were and there were thousands
dialog: of them. But you couldn't approach
dialog: them. They were a wise bunch of
dialog: birds.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Your young friends also told us you
dialog: had no weapons in the car. Dave,
dialog: isn't it a bit difficult to hunt for
dialog: geese without a shotgun?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Yes, now I remember, Mr. Garrison.
dialog: I'm sorry, I got confused. We got
dialog: out there near the geese and it was
dialog: only then we realized we'd forgotten
dialog: our shotguns. Stupid, right? So of
dialog: course we didn't get any geese.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I see.
dialog: (stands up)
dialog: Dave thank you for your time. I'm
dialog: sorry it has to end inconveniently
dialog: for you, but I'm going to have you
dialog: detained for further questioning by
dialog: the FBI.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: Why? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dave, I find your story simply not
dialog: believable.
text: Lou and the two cops escort Ferrie out of the office as Jim
text: turns to the television image of Kennedy's final moments of
text: rest. The bugler plays taps. John Jr., 3 years old, in an
text: image which will become famous, salutes his Dad farewell.
text: The riderless horse stands lonely against the Washington
dialog: sky.
scene_heading: FBI OFFICE - NEW ORLEANS - NEXT DAY(1963)
text: At a small press conference, the FBI spokesman reads a
dialog: statement.
speaker_heading: FBI SPOKESMAN
dialog: Gentlemen, this afternoon the FBI
dialog: released David W. Ferrie of New
dialog: Orleans. After extensive questioning
dialog: and a thorough background check, the
dialog: Bureau found no evidence that...
scene_heading: GARRISON'S OFFICE - SIMULTANEOUS WITH PREVIOUS SCENE
text: In Garrison's office see the same broadcast, on the portable
text: television. Lou, Broussard, Numa and Jim watch.
speaker_heading: FBI SPOKESMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: ...Mr. Ferrie knew Lee Harvey Oswald
dialog: or that he has had any connection
dialog: with the assassination of President
dialog: Kennedy. The Special Agent in Charge
dialog: would like to make clear that Mr.
dialog: Ferrie was brought in for questioning
dialog: by the District Attorney of Orleans
dialog: parish, not by the Federal Bureau of
dialog: Investigation. The Bureau regrets
dialog: any trouble this may have caused Mr.
dialog: Ferrie...
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 9
dialog: In national news, President Johnson
dialog: has announced the creation of a blue
dialog: ribbon presidential commission to
dialog: probe the events in Dallas.
text: Lou looks at Jim, angry.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Correct me if I'm wrong. I thought
dialog: we were on the same side. What the
dialog: hell business is it of theirs to say
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Pretty fast, wasn't it. The way
text: they let him go.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They must know something we don't.
dialog: (dismisses it)
dialog: So, let's get on with our lives,
dialog: gentlemen... we got plenty of home
dialog: grown crimes to prosecute.
text: He reaches to turn off the TV and get back to work. The
text: last image on the TV is:
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 9
dialog: The Commission will be headed by
dialog: Chief Justice of the United States
dialog: Supreme Court, Earl Warren, and is
dialog: expected to head off several
dialog: Congressional and Texas inquiries
text: into the assassination. On the panel
dialog: are Allen Dulles, ex-chief of the
dialog: CIA, Representative Gerald Ford,
dialog: John J. McCloy, former head of Chase
dialog: Manhattan Bank...
text: Jim flicks the TV off as the overture ends.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - WASHINGTON, D.C. - DAY(1966)
text: We look down at the White House from the plane's point of
text: view. A subtitle reads: "THREE YEARS LATER."
scene_heading: INTERIOR OF PLANE
scene_heading: SENATOR RUSSELL LONG
dialog: (looking out the window)
dialog: That's a mess down there, Jim. We've
dialog: bitten off more "Vietnam" that we
dialog: can possibly chew.
text: Jim, now 46, reads the front page of THE WASHINGTON POST
text: which details the latest battle in Vietnam. He sits next to
text: Senator Long from Louisiana, in his 50's, who's drinking a
text: whiskey. They're on a crowded businessman's shuttle. We
text: see a close-up of a newspaper article about the Vietnam war:
dialog: "more troops asked by Westmoreland."
speaker_heading: LONG
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sad thing is the way it's screwing
dialog: up this country, all these hippies
dialog: running around on drugs, the way
dialog: young people look you can't tell a
dialog: boy from a girl anymore. I saw a
dialog: girl the other day, she was pregnant -
dialog: you could see her whole belly, and
dialog: you know what she painted on it?
dialog: "Love Child." It's fuckin' outa
dialog: control. Values've gone to hell,
dialog: Jim... Course it figures when you
dialog: got somebody like that polecat Johnson
text: in the White House.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I sometimes feel things've gone
dialog: downhill since John Kennedy was
dialog: killed, Senator.
speaker_heading: LONG
dialog: Don't get me started on that. Those
dialog: Warren Commission fellows were pickin'
dialog: gnat shit out of pepper. No one's
dialog: gonna tell me that kid did the
dialog: shooting job he did from that damned
dialog: bookstore.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Here you go, Senator Long.
text: The stewardess brings more drinks.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: I thought the FBI test-fired the
dialog: rifle to make sure it could be done?
speaker_heading: LONG
dialog: Sure, three experts and not one of
dialog: them could do it! They're telling
dialog: us Oswald got off three shots with
dialog: world-class precision from a manual
dialog: bolt action rifle in less than six
dialog: seconds - and accordin' to his Marine
dialog: buddies he got Maggie's drawers - he
dialog: wasn't any good. Average man would
dialog: be lucky to get two shots off, and I
dialog: tell ya the first shot would always
dialog: be the best. Here, the third shot's
dialog: perfect. Don't make sense. And
dialog: then they got that crazy bullet
text: zigzagging all over the place so it
text: hits Kennedy and Connally seven times.
dialog: One "pristine" bullet? That dog
dialog: don't hunt.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You know, something always bothered
dialog: me about that from day one, and I
dialog: can't put my finger on it.
speaker_heading: LONG
dialog: If I were investigatin', I'd round
dialog: up the 100 best riflemen in the world
dialog: and find out which ones were in Dallas
dialog: that day. You been duck hunting? I
dialog: think Oswald was a good old-fashioned
dialog: decoy. What'd he say? "I'm just a
dialog: patsy." Out of the mouth of babes
dialog: y'ask me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You think there were other men
dialog: involved, Russell?
text: Russell looks at Jim quizzically and laughs.
speaker_heading: LONG
dialog: Hell, you're the District Attorney.
dialog: You read the Warren Report - and
dialog: then you tell me you're satisfied
dialog: Lee Oswald shot the President all by
text: his lonesome.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Russell, honestly you sound like one
dialog: of those kooky critics spreading
dialog: paranoia like prairie fire. I just
dialog: can't believe the Chief Justice of
dialog: the United States would put his name
dialog: on something that wasn't true.
speaker_heading: LONG
dialog: (to the stewardess)
dialog: Honey, another one of these. This
dialog: one's as weak as cricket pee-pee.
dialog: Yessir, you mark my words, Jim,
dialog: Vietnam's gonna cost Johnson '68 and
dialog: it's gonna put that other varmint
dialog: Nixon in - then watch your hide,
dialog: 'cause there ain't no offramps on a
dialog: freeway to Hell!
scene_heading: GARRISON'S STUDY - NIGHT(1966)
text: The study is lined with bookshelves up to the ceiling; we
text: see photos of family, a chess set. Jim, smoking his pipe,
text: reads in a red leather chair from one of the 26 thick Warren
text: Commission volumes piled all over the place. Liz enters.
text: Jasper, now 7, draws on a piece of paper on the floor at
text: Jim's feet.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Jim, dinner's just about ready...
dialog: I've got a surprise for you... tried
dialog: something new... Jim? Jim, dinner.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (lost in thought)
dialog: Mmmmm... sure smells good... but
dialog: Egghead, do you realize Oswald was
text: interrogated for twelve hours after
dialog: the assassination, with no lawyer
dialog: present, and nobody recorded a word
dialog: of it? I can't believe it. A police
dialog: captain with 30 years experience and
text: a crowd of Federal agents just had
dialog: to know that with no record anything
dialog: that Oswald said would be inadmissible
dialog: in court.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Come on now, we'll talk about it at
text: the table, dinner's getting cold.
dialog: (to Jasper)
dialog: What are you doing in here?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Daddy said it was all right if I was
dialog: real quiet.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (rising to dinner)
dialog: Sure it is. Freckle Face, if I ever
dialog: handled a minor felon like that,
dialog: it'd be all over the papers. I'd
dialog: catch hell. And this is the alleged
dialog: murderer of the President?
scene_heading: GARRISON DINING ROOM - (1966)
text: Two-year-old Elizabeth watches "Crusader Rabbit" on TV as
text: the new one-year-old sits in diapers with Liz at one end of
text: the dinner table. Jim sits at the other end. There are
text: five kids now, ages 7, 5, 4, 2 and 1... and Mattie, the
text: housekeeper. Dinner's finished, they pass plates, the
text: children horse around... the boxer dog, Touchdown, begs for
text: a piece of the action. Jim, not a big eater, feeds him ice
dialog: cream.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Again and again they ignore credible
dialog: testimony, leads are never followed
dialog: up, its conclusions are selective,
dialog: there's no index, it's one of the
text: sloppiest, most disorganized
dialog: investigations I've ever seen. Dozens
dialog: and dozens of witnesses in Dealey
dialog: Plaza that day are saying they heard
text: shots coming from the Grassy Knoll
text: area in front of Kennedy and not the
text: Book Depository behind him, but it's
text: all broken down and spread around
dialog: and you read it and the point gets
dialog: lost.
speaker_heading: MATTIE
dialog: I never did believe it either!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (politely listening)
dialog: Uh huh... Mattie, I'll do the dishes,
dialog: you take Be up now. And Elizabeth,
dialog: too, your bedtime, honey.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH JR.
dialog: Nahhhh! I don't wanna go to bed!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Honey, that was three years ago - we
dialog: all tried so hard to put that out of
dialog: our minds, why are you digging it up
dialog: again? You're the D.A. of New
dialog: Orleans. Isn't the Kennedy
dialog: assassination a bit outside your
dialog: domain? I mean all those important
dialog: people already studied it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can't believe a man as intelligent
dialog: as Earl Warren ever read what's in
dialog: those volumes.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Well maybe you're right, Jim. I'll
dialog: give you one hour to solve the case...
text: until the kids are in bed.
text: (rising, she puts her
text: arms around him from
text: behind and kisses
dialog: his ear)
dialog: Then you're mine and Mr. Kennedy can
dialog: wait 'til morning. Come on, everybody
dialog: say goodnight to Daddy.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (showing his drawing)
dialog: Dad, look what I drew.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (rising)
dialog: That's something, Jasper. What is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: A rhinoceros. Can I stay up another
dialog: hour?
text: Virginia and Snapper each get one of Jim's shoes as he dances
text: with them, holding one with each hand.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (dancing)
dialog: Pickle and Snapper, my two favorite
dialog: dancing partners.
text: As the children dance, they fall off Jim's feet, laughing
text: and giggling. He throws each in the air and kisses them.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Goodnight, my doodle bugs.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Goodnight, Daddy.
text: Liz comes over, smiling. Jim takes her in his arms.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: One hour, y'hear? Some Saturday
dialog: night date you are.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Mama warned me this would happen if
dialog: I married such a serious man.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, she did, huh? When I come up
dialog: I'll show you how Saturday night got
dialog: invented.
scene_heading: GARRISON STUDY - LATER THAT NIGHT(1966)
text: The clock on mantelpiece reads 3 A.M. Jim is alone, smoking
text: his pipe.
text: In the stillness, his mind crawls all over the place. The
text: camera closes on the thickly-worded pages of the Warren
dialog: Report.
text: FLASHBACK TO the Warren Commission hearing room in Dallas,
text: 1964. We hear thin, echoey sound as the attorneys question
text: some of the witnesses.
text: The overall effect is vague and confusing, as is much of the
text: Warren Report. A Mr. Ball is questioning Lee Bowers, the
text: switchman in the railroad yard. Bowers, in his early 40's,
text: has a trustworthy, working-man face and a crew cut.
speaker_heading: BOWERS
dialog: I sealed off the area, and I held
dialog: off the trains until they could be
dialog: examined, and there was some
dialog: transients taken on at least one
dialog: train.
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY
dialog: Mr. Bowers... is there anything else
dialog: you told me I haven't asked you about
dialog: that you can think of?
speaker_heading: BOWERS
dialog: Nothing that I can recall.
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY
text: Witness is excused.
text: Jim, upset, reads on... Another witness, Sgt. D.V. Harkness
text: of the Dallas Police responds to a second attorney.
scene_heading: SGT. HARKNESS
dialog: Well we got a long freight that was
dialog: in there, and we pulled some people
dialog: off of there and took them to the
dialog: station.
text: We see another FLASHBACK - to the Dallas rail yards on the
text: day of the assassination. Three hoboes are being pulled off
text: the freight by the Dallas policemen.
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY (V.O.)
dialog: You mean some transients?
speaker_heading: SGT. HARKNESS (V.O.)
text: Tramps and hoboes.
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY (V.O.)
dialog: Were all those questioned?
text: FLASHBACK TO Dealey Plaza an hour or less after the
text: assassination. The three hoboes are marched by shotgun-toting
text: policemen to the Sheriff's office at Dealey Plaza. We note
text: that they do not look much like hoboes.
speaker_heading: SGT. HARKNESS (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, sir, they were taken to the
text: station and questioned.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (astounded)
dialog: And?
dialog: (writes "incomplete")
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY (V.O.)
dialog: (switching subjects)
dialog: I want to go back to this Amos Euins.
dialog: (voices dribble off)
speaker_heading: BOWERS (V.O.)
dialog: Yes sir, traffic had been cut off
dialog: into the area since about 10, but
text: there were three cars came in during
dialog: this time from around noon till the
dialog: time of the shooting... the cars
text: circled the parking lot, and left
dialog: like they were checking the area,
text: one of the drivers seemed to have
text: something he was holding to his
dialog: mouth... the last car came in about
dialog: 7 to 10 minutes before the shooting,
text: a white Chevrolet, 4-door Impala,
text: muddy up to the windows.
text: The camera's point of view is now from the railroad tower
text: near Dealey Plaza. We are fourteen feet off the ground,
text: overlooking the parking lot behind the Grassy Knoll. The
text: shot includes this last car circling in the lot.
speaker_heading: BOWERS
dialog: Towards the underpass, I saw two men
text: standing behind a picket fence...
text: they were looking up towards Main
dialog: and Houston and following the caravan
text: as it came down. One of them was
text: middle-aged, heavyset. The other
text: man was younger, wearing a plaid
text: shirt and jacket.
text: Inside the railroad tower, Bowers glances out, busy with the
text: main board, flashing lights, a train coming in.
speaker_heading: BOWERS
dialog: There were two other men on the
text: eastern end of the parking lot.
dialog: Each of 'me had uniforms.
text: We see the parking lot from Bower's point of view - at a
text: distance, but we have a sense of the cars and see the men at
text: a distance, tow uniformed men. The parking lot is bumper-to-
text: bumper with a sea of cars. Rain that morning has muddied
text: the lot. These brief images are elaborated on later.
speaker_heading: BOWERS
dialog: At the time of the shooting there
dialog: seemed to be some commotion... I
dialog: just am unable to describe - a flash
dialog: of light or smoke or something which
dialog: caused me to feel that something out
dialog: of the ordinary had occurred there
text: on the embankment...
text: We feel the growing intensity: music, drums - but all blurred.
text: We see a puff of smoke but no sound because of the window
text: Bowers is glancing through. A motorcycle cop shoots up the
text: Grassy Knoll incline. People run, blurring into a larger
text: mosaic of confusion. Bowers is confused, seeing this.
text: INTERCUT with Jim's heart pounding as he reads.
text: Back in Dealey Plaza, S.M. Holland, an elderly signal
text: supervisor, stands on the parapet of the railway.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (V.O.)
text: Four shots... a puff of smoke came
dialog: from the trees... behind that picket
dialog: fence... close to the little plaza -
dialog: There's no doubt whatever in my mind.
text: We see the scene from Holland's point of view - the puff of
text: smoke lingering under the trees along the picket fence after
dialog: the shooting.
scene_heading: GARRISON BEDROOM - ANOTHER NIGHT(1966)
text: Jim is asleep, having a tortured dream.
text: DREAMSCAPE FLASHBACK: We see the Zapruder film, in slow-motion
text: and J.F.K.'s face just before he goes behind Stemmons Freeway
text: sign. Jim sits up suddenly.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: NO!
text: Liz stirs, shaken.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Honey, you all right?
dialog: (looks at watch)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's incredible, honey - the whole
dialog: thing. A Lieutenant Colonel testifies
dialog: that Lee Oswald was given a Russian
dialog: language exam as part of his Marine
dialog: training only a few months before he
dialog: defects to the Soviet Union. A
dialog: Russian exam!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (sitting up, angered)
dialog: I cannot believe this. It's four-
dialog: thirty, Jim Garrison. I have five
dialog: children are gonna be awake in another
dialog: hour and ...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Honey, in all my years in the service
dialog: I never knew a single man who was
dialog: given a Russian test. Oswald was a
dialog: radar operator. He'd have about as
dialog: much use for Russian as a cat has
dialog: for pajamas.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: These books are getting to your mind,
dialog: Mr. Garrison. I wish you'd stop
dialog: readin' them.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And then this Colonel tries to make
dialog: it sound like nothing. Oswald did
dialog: badly on the test, he says. "He
dialog: only had two more Russian words right
dialog: than wrong." Ha! That's like me
dialog: saying Touchdown here...
dialog: (points to the dog)
dialog: ...is not very intelligent because I
dialog: beat him three games out of five the
dialog: last time we played chess.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (gives up)
dialog: Jim, what is going on, for heaven's
dialog: sake! You going to stay up all night
dialog: every night? For what? So you'll
dialog: be the only man in America who read
dialog: the entire 26 volumes of the Warren
dialog: Report?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Liz, do I have to spell it out for
dialog: you? Lee Oswald was no ordinary
dialog: soldier. That was no accident he
dialog: was in Russia. He was probably in
dialog: military intelligence. That's why
dialog: he was trained in Russian.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (with a quizzical
dialog: look)
dialog: Honey, go back to sleep, please!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Goddammit! I been sleeping for three
dialog: years!
text: She takes him now, gently, and pulls him down on top of her
text: and kisses him.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Will you stop rattling on about
dialog: Kennedy for a few minutes, honey...
dialog: come on.
scene_heading: LAFAYETTE SQUARE - NEW ORLEANS - MORNING(1966)
text: A Sunday, early. We see a statue of Ben Franklin in an empty
text: square frequented by drunks who doze on benches in a little
text: leafy park in the center of the Square. The camera moves to
text: Jim by himself and then moves to a sedan, pulling up, which
text: disgorges Lou Ivon and Bill Broussard.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Morning, boys. Ready for a walking
dialog: tour?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: At 7:30 Sunday morning? It's not
dialog: exactly fresh blood we're sniffing
dialog: here, boss.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (points)
text: Old stains, Bill, but just as telling.
text: TIME CUT TO Jim indicating 531 Lafayette Street, a seedy,
text: faded, three-story building across the street from the square.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Remember whose office this was back
dialog: in '63? 531 Lafayette Street.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Yeah, Guy Banister. Ex-FBI man. He
dialog: died couple years ago.
text: FLASHBACK TO the exterior of the Banister Office on a day in
text: 1963. The door is now clearly labelled "W. GUY BANISTER,
text: INC. INVESTIGATORS." It opens and Banister comes out in
text: slow motion, neatly dressed, rose in his lapel - the same
dialog: office and same man we saw three years before when he pistol-
text: whipped Jack Martin. Banister seems to be smiling right at
text: us, greeting us.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Headed the Chicago office. When he
dialog: retired he became a private eye here.
dialog: I used to have lunch with him. John
dialog: Birch Society, Minutemen, slightly
text: to the right of Attila the Hun.
dialog: Used to recruit college students to
dialog: infiltrate radical organizations on
dialog: campus. All out of this office.
dialog: Now come around here, take a look at
dialog: this...
text: Back to the Lafayette Square of 1966. Jim walks Ivon and
text: Bill to the corner, to another entrance to the same building -
text: this one with a sign that says "544 Camp Street."
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: 544 Camp Street. Same building as
dialog: 531 Lafayette, right... but different
dialog: address and different entrances both
dialog: going to the same place - the offices
text: on the second and third floors.
dialog: Bill studies the present sign: "Crescent City Dental
text: Laboratory", and gives Jim a puzzled look.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Guess who used this address?
text: Lou gets it and glances up. We FLASHBACK TO the exterior of
text: 544 Camp Street in 1963. Lee Oswald comes out the door into
text: a full close-up, now clearly seen by us, and heads out into
text: the street as Guy Banister intercepts him on the sidewalk,
text: holding a leaflet and point to "544 Camp Street stamped on
text: it. Guy seems miffed at Oswald, tells him something quickly,
text: and then moves on.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: (under)
dialog: See this? What the hell is this
dialog: doing on this piece of paper?
dialog: (he moves away)
dialog: Asshole.
speaker_heading: LOU (V.O.)
dialog: My God! Lee Harvey Oswald.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Bull's-eye. How do we know he was
dialog: here? Cause this office address was
text: stamped on the pro-Casto leaflets he
dialog: was handing out in the summer of '63
dialog: down on Canal street. They were the
dialog: same leaflets that were found in his
dialog: garage in Dallas.
text: FLASHBACK to Canal Street in New Orleans on a summer day in
text: 1963. Oswald, in a thin tie and white short-sleeved shirt,
text: and wearing a homemade placard reading "Hands Off Cuba";
text: "Viva Fidel!", is hawking leaflets to pedestrians with two
text: young helpers.
text: A large white-haired businessman in a white suit, very
text: distinguished, walks with a friend on Canal Street. Oswald
text: glances at him and meets his eyes. The businessman enters
text: an office building. This man is Clay Bertrand, later known
dialog: as Clay Shaw.
text: Some Cubans, led by Carols Bringuier, now appear. One of
text: them, "the Bull", is heavy-set with dark glasses. More of
text: him will also be seen.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He was arrested that day for fighting
dialog: with some anti-Castro Cubans... but
dialog: actually he had contacted them a few
dialog: days earlier as an ex-Marine trying
dialog: to join the anti-Castro crusade.
dialog: When they heard he was now pro-Castro,
dialog: they paid him a visit.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (haranguing passerby)
dialog: He's a traitor, this man! Don't
dialog: believe a word he tells you!
dialog: (to Oswald)
dialog: You sonofabitch, you liar, you're a
dialog: Communist, go back to Moscow.
text: Carlos throws Oswald's leaflets in the air and pulls off his
text: glasses, prepared to fight. Oswald only smiles, and puts
text: his arms down in an X of passivity.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: Okay, Carlos, if you want to hit me,
dialog: hit me.
text: There is no real fight, but the police, as if pre-alerted,
dialog: arrive.
text: Arrests are made. We see Oswald in a room in the police
text: station, talking with FBI Agent John Quigley. A calendar on
text: the wall shows that it's August, 1963.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: There was no real fight and the
dialog: arresting Lieutenant later said he
dialog: felt it was a staged incident. In
dialog: jail, Oswald asked to talk to Special
text: Agent John Quigley of the FBI who
dialog: showed up immediately. They have a
text: private session. Oswald is released
text: and Quigley destroys his notes from
dialog: the interview.
text: In a television studio in 1963, Oswald debates Carlos
text: Bringuier with two moderators.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But the arrest gets him a lot of
dialog: publicity and as a result Oswald
text: appears on a local TV debate that
dialog: established his credentials as a
dialog: Communist.
speaker_heading: BRINGUIER
dialog: But you're a Communist, are you not,
dialog: and you defected to Russia.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: No, I am not a Communist. But I am
dialog: a Marxist-Leninist.
speaker_heading: BRINGUIER
dialog: What did you do when you were in
dialog: Russia?
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I worked while I was there. I was
dialog: always under the protection of...
dialog: that is to say, I was not under the
dialog: protection of the U.S. Government.
text: Back in 1966, Jim walks with his two assistants.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What the hell's a Communist like Lee
dialog: Oswald doing working out of
dialog: Banister's?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Y'ever heard of a double agent, Bill?
dialog: I'm beginning to doubt Oswald was
dialog: ever a Communist... after the arrest,
dialog: 544 Camp Street never appeared on
dialog: the pamphlets again. Now here's
dialog: another one for you: What would you
dialog: say if I told you Lee Oswald had
dialog: been trained in the Russian language
dialog: when he was a Marine?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I'd say he was probably getting
dialog: intelligence training.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Lou, you were in the Marines. Who
dialog: would be running that training?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: The Office of Naval Intelligence.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Take a look across the street.
text: We see the Post Office building across the street.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Post Office.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Upstairs. In 1963 that was the Office
dialog: of Naval Intelligence - And just by
dialog: coincidence, Banister, before he was
dialog: FBI, was ONI. What do they say?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: "Once ONI, always ONI"?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Well, he likes to work near his old
dialog: pals.
text: Jim makes a gesture encompassing the whole Square.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Bill, Lou, we're standing in the
dialog: heart of the United States
dialog: Government's intelligence community
dialog: in New Orleans. That's the FBI there,
dialog: the CIA, Secret Service, ONI. Doesn't
dialog: this seem to you a rather strange
dialog: place for a Communist to spend his
dialog: spare time?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: What are you driving at, boss?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We're going back into the case, Lou -
dialog: the murder of the President. I want
dialog: you to take some money from the Fees
dialog: and Fines Account and go to Dallas -
dialog: talk to some people. Bill, I want
dialog: you to get Oser on the medical, the
dialog: autopsy, Susan on Oswald and Ruby
dialog: histories, tax records...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Lord, wake me, please. I must be
dialog: dreaming.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, you're awake, Bill, and I'm dead
dialog: serious. And we're going to start
dialog: by tracking down your anonymous source
dialog: from three years ago. How did you
dialog: find out Dave Ferrie drove to Texas
dialog: that day?
scene_heading: RACETRACK - DAY(1966)
text: A straggly group of people watch from the grandstands eating
text: hotdogs and talking in small clusters. The horses are running
text: early morning laps. Three men sit apart in the bleachers.
text: A scared Jack Martin, three years older than when last seen,
text: still wearing the Dick Tracy hat, sucks up coffee like a
text: worm does moisture. He has the red puffy cheeks of an
text: alcoholic and deeply circled, worried eyes. Bill and Jim
dialog: wait.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You're not under cross-examination
dialog: here, Jack.
dialog: What I need is a little clarification about the night Guy
dialog: Banister beat you over the head with his Magnum. You called
dialog: our office hopping mad from your hospital bed. Don't tell
dialog: me you don't remember that?
text: Jack looks away and doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Here's my problem, Jack. You told
dialog: me you and Guy were good friends for
dialog: a long time?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: More than ten years.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And he never hit you before?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Never touched me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yet on November 22, 1963 - the day
dialog: of the President's murder - our police
dialog: report says he pistol-whipped you
text: with a .357 Magnum.
dialog: (Martin's eyes are
dialog: fixed on Jim)
dialog: But the police report says you had
text: an argument over the phone bill.
dialog: Here, take a look at it.
dialog: (Martin looks at the
dialog: report)
text: Now, does a simple argument over
text: phone bills sound like a believable
dialog: explanation to you?
text: SUDDEN FLASHBACK to the night of the pistol-whipping. The
text: camera shows Banister laying Martin's head open / the beating
dialog: the humiliation.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: (shaking his head
text: slowly, dreamily)
dialog: No, it involved more than that.
text: Bill looks at Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How much more?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (waits)
dialog: I don't know if I should talk about
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, I'd ask Guy - we were friendly,
dialog: you know - heart attack, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If you buy what you read in the paper.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You have other information?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I didn't say that. All I know is he
dialog: died suddenly just before the Warren
dialog: Report came out.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why did Guy beat you, Jack?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well, I guess now that Guy's dead,
dialog: it don't really matter... it was
dialog: about the people hanging around the
dialog: office that summer. I wasn't really
dialog: part of the operation, you know. I
dialog: was handling the private-eye work
dialog: for Guy when that came in - not much
dialog: did - but that's why I was there...
dialog: it was a nuthouse. There were all
dialog: these Cubans coming and going. They
dialog: all looked alike to me.
text: FLASHBACK to Banister's office in 1963. There are Cubans in
text: battle fatigues and combat boots; duffle bags are lying
text: around. David Ferrie, in fatigues, directs the Cubans as
text: they carry crates of ammunition and weapons into a back room.
text: Martin observes from another desk.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Dave Ferrie - you know about him?
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Was he there often?
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: Often? He practically lived there.
dialog: It was real cloak and dagger stuff.
dialog: They called it Operation Mongoose.
dialog: The idea was to train all these Cuban
text: exiles for another invasion of Cuba.
dialog: Banister's office was part of a supply
dialog: line that ran from Dallas, through
dialog: New Orleans to Miami, stockpiling
text: arms and explosives.
text: Still in 1963, we see the exterior of Banister's office. A
text: dozen Cubans follow Ferrie downstairs into the street, and
text: pile into several cars, duffels thrown in with them. Ferrie
text: drives the lead car.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: All this right under the noses of
dialog: the intelligence community in
dialog: Lafayette Square?
text: We see the cars cross the long Lake Pontchartrain Bridge and
text: enter a remote guerrilla training camp. Bayou and jungle
text: are all around.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: Sure. Everybody knew everybody. It
dialog: was a network. They were working
dialog: for the CIA - pilots, black operations
dialog: guys, civilians, military - everybody
dialog: in those days was running guns
dialog: somewhere... Fort Jefferson, Bayou
dialog: Bluff, Morgan City... McAllen, Texas
dialog: was a big gun-running operation.
text: At the guerrilla training camp at Lake Pontchartrain in 1963,
text: we see scenes of basic training - shooting, obstacle courses,
text: callisthenics - led by Ferrie and other trainers. Scattered
dialog: among the Cubans are several white American mercenaries. We
text: catch a glimpse of Oswald and glimpses of several other men
dialog: we will see again, in sprinklings.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Where is Banister in all this?
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: Banister was running his camp north
dialog: of Lake Pontchartrain. Ferrie handled
dialog: a lot of the training. There was a
dialog: shooting range and a lot of tropical
dialog: terrain like in Cuba. A few Americans
dialog: got trained, too. Nazi types.
dialog: Mercenaries. But Ferrie was the
dialog: craziest.
text: It's night at the training camp. FBI agents race up in cars
text: in the middle of the night, swarming over the camp, rounding
dialog: up the trainees.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Anyway, late summer the party ended.
dialog: Kennedy didn't want another Bay of
dialog: Pigs mess, so he ordered the FBI to
dialog: shut down the camps and confiscate
dialog: the napalm and the C-4. There were
dialog: a buncha Cubans and a couple Americans
dialog: arrested, only you didn't read about
dialog: it in the papers. Just the weapons
dialog: got mentioned... 'cause the first
dialog: ones behind bars would've been
dialog: Banister and Ferrie, but I think the
dialog: G-men were just going through the
dialog: motions for Washington. Their hearts
dialog: were with their old FBI buddy
dialog: Banister.
text: We see FBI agents loading dynamite, bomb casings, arms 155mm
dialog: artillery shells, etc.
text: Back at the racetrack in 1966, Jim listens.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Like I said, a fuckin' nuthouse.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And Oswald?
text: Martin hesitates. We hear the rhythmic beating of the horse
text: hooves and Martin sucking on the steaming cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Yeah, he was there, too... sometimes
dialog: he'd be meeting with Banister with
dialog: the door shut. Other times he'd be
text: shooting the bull with Ferrie. But
dialog: he was there all right.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Anything more specific, Jack? It's
dialog: important.
text: FLASHBACK TO Banister's office in 1963. Banister and Martin
text: shooting the breeze as the straight-laced middle-aged
text: secretary, Delphine Roberts, hurries in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, one time the secretary got
dialog: upset, I remember...
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I can't believe it, Mr. Banister.
text: Lee Oswald is down on Canal Street
dialog: giving out Communist leaflets
dialog: supporting Castro!
text: Banister just looks at her and laughs.
speaker_heading: BANISTER
dialog: It's okay, Delphine, he's with us.
text: Back at the racetrack...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Anyone else involved at Banister's
dialog: level?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: There was one guy, I don't know, big
dialog: guy, business guy, white hair - I
text: saw him come into the office once.
dialog: He looked out of place, y'know -
dialog: like a society guy. Can't remember
dialog: his name.
dialog: (thinking)
text: Oswald was with him.
text: FLASHBACK to Banisters office on a day in 1963. Martin is
text: snooping in Banister's files. Cut to Martin leaving the
text: office as a big businessman with white hair briefly talks to
text: Oswald and then goes into Banister's private office.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He had something to do with money.
dialog: I remember him cause Guy, who didn't
dialog: kiss anybody's ass, sure kissed his.
text: Banister lets the man into his private office.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Clay something, that was his name -
dialog: Clay.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Bertrand. Clay Bertrand?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah! That's it.
dialog: (pause, paranoid)
dialog: I don't know. Maybe it wasn't. I
dialog: gotta go.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: Clay Bertrand. He's in the Warren
dialog: Report. He tried to get Oswald a
dialog: lawyer.
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Was Kennedy ever discussed, Jack?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sure. 'Course they hated the
dialog: sonofabitch, but...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The assassination, Jack?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (tightens)
dialog: Never. Not with me sir, never...
dialog: Listen, I think I'd better go. I
dialog: said enough. I said all I'm going
dialog: to say.
dialog: (rises suddenly)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hold on, Jack. What's the problem?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What's the problem? What's the
dialog: problem? Do I need to spell it out
dialog: for you, Mr. Garrison? I better go.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nobody knows what we're talking about,
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You're so naive, mister.
text: Martin picks his way nervously down the bleacher benches.
scene_heading: CAR - FRENCH QUARTER - DAY(1966)
text: Jim drives, with Numa in the front and Bill in the back.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Well, it's a terrific yard, Chief,
dialog: but the man's an obvious alcoholic
dialog: with a reputation lower than crocodile
dialog: piss.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Does that bother you, Bill? I always
dialog: wondered in court why it is because
text: a woman is a prostitute, she has to
dialog: have bad eyesight.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: He'll never sign a statement, boss,
text: let alone get on a witness stand.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: When something's rotten in the land,
dialog: Bill, it generally isn't just one
dialog: fish, we'll get corroboration...
dialog: find this Clay Bertrand. If I were
dialog: a betting man, I'd give you 10 to 1
dialog: it's an alias. Start checking around
dialog: the Quarter.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: And the six of us, with almost no
dialog: budget and in secret, are going to
dialog: solve the case that the Warren
dialog: Commission with dozens of support
dialog: staff and millions of dollars couldn't
dialog: solve. We can't keep up with the
dialog: crimes in the Parish as it is, Chief.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The murder of a President, Bill, is
dialog: a crime in Orleans Parish too. I
dialog: didn't pick you because of your legal
dialog: skill, you know.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Gee, thanks boss.
text: Jim pulls the car over to park.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But because you're a fighter. I
dialog: like a man who isn't scared of bad
dialog: odds.
scene_heading: FRENCH QUARTER SIDEWALK - DAY(1966)
text: Jim and the others get out of the car and head towards
text: Antoine's Restaurant. A black woman greets him.
speaker_heading: BLACK WOMAN
dialog: How ya doing, Mr. Garrison? Remember
dialog: me - from the piano bar at the Royal
dialog: Orleans?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I sure do. We sang "You're the Cream
dialog: in My Coffee."
text: She laughs. Others move in on him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Numa)
dialog: Make sure we come back here, now.
scene_heading: ANTOINE'S RESTAURANT - DAY(1966)
text: They enter a busy lunchtime crowd in an elegant eatery. Lou
text: Ivon and Al Oser are waiting for them as they're shown to
dialog: their table by the Maitre d'.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Mr. Garrison, we have not seen enough
dialog: of you lately.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Been too busy, Paul - an elected man
dialog: can't have as much fun as he used
dialog: to.
dialog: (seeing Lou and Al)
dialog: Welcome back, Lou. Find out anything
dialog: on those hobos?
text: Lou's been waiting, excited. He gives Jim blowups of the
text: five hobo photographs.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: They took 'em to the Sheriff's office,
dialog: not the police station, and they let
dialog: 'em go. No record of them ever being
dialog: questioned.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can't say that comes as a surprise
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: A photographer from The Dallas Times
dialog: Herald got some great shots of them
dialog: never published...
text: The camera moves in on the photographs.
text: FLASHBACK TO the "hoboes" being escorted to the Sheriff's
text: office - as per Sgt. Harkness' earlier description.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: ...take a good look, chief, do any
dialog: of 'em look like the hoboes you
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hoboes I knew of old used to sleep
dialog: in their clothes - these two look
text: pretty young.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: ...not a single frayed collar or
dialog: cuff, new haircuts, fresh shaves,
text: clean hands - new shoe leather.
dialog: Look at the ear of the cop... That's
text: a wire. What's a cop wearing a
dialog: headset for? I think they're actors,
dialog: chief; they're not cops.
text: Susie Cox arrives.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Who the hell are they, then! Hi,
dialog: Susie, sit down.
dialog: (to Lou)
dialog: This could be it. Let's start looking
dialog: for 'em.
dialog: How 'bout that railroad man, Lee Bowers? Saw those men at
dialog: the picket fence?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Graveyard dead. August this year.
dialog: (Jim curses quietly)
text: A single car accident on an empty
text: road in Midlothian, Texas. The doctor
dialog: said he was in some kind of strange
dialog: shock when he died.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shares the look)
dialog: We need to find more witnesses, Lou.
speaker_heading: LOU
text: There was Rose Cheramie. A whore.
text: Two Cubans threw her out of a car on
dialog: the way to Dallas.
text: She talked to a cop from a hospital bed two days before the
dialog: assassination, said Kennedy would be hit that Friday. She
dialog: said she was a dope runner for Jack Ruby and that Ruby knew
dialog: Oswald for years...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Can we find her?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Graveyard dead near Big Sandy, Texas
text: in '65. Two in the morning on some
text: highway. A hit and run.
text: FLASHBACK to Rose lying dead on an empty highway.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Why not go right to the horse's mouth,
dialog: chief?
text: Jack Ruby's been rotting in a Dallas jail cell for three
dialog: years. Maybe he's ready to crack?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If we go to him our investigation'll
text: hit the front pages by sunrise.
dialog: Blow up right in our face. Ruby was
dialog: just given a new trial. If he has
dialog: something to say, it'll be there.
dialog: Susie, what did you find out on
dialog: Oswald?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: Negative on his tax records.
dialog: Classified. First time I know a
dialog: D.A. can't get a tax record. I put
dialog: together a list of all the CIA files
dialog: on Oswald that were part of the Warren
dialog: Report and asked for them. There
dialog: are about 1200 documents...
dialog: (gives it to Jim who
dialog: reads)
dialog: Oswald in the USSR, in Mexico City,
text: Oswald and the U2, a CIA 201 personnel
dialog: file, a memo from the Director on
dialog: Oswald, travel and activities - can't
dialog: get one of them. All classified as
dialog: secret on the grounds of national
dialog: security. It's real strange.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Maybe there's more to this, Susie.
dialog: The CIA's keeping something from our
dialog: enemies.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Yes, but we're talking about a dead
dialog: warehouse employee of no political
dialog: significance. Three years later and
dialog: he's still classified? They gave us
dialog: his grammar school records, a study
dialog: of his pubic hairs... Put it in
dialog: context, Bill, of what we know about
dialog: Oswald. Lonely kid, no father,
dialog: unstable childhood, high school
dialog: dropout - wants to grow up and be a
text: spy, joins the Marines at 17. He
text: learns Russian, he acts overtly
text: Marxist with two other marines, but
text: he's stationed at a top secret base
dialog: in Japan where U2 spy flights over
dialog: Russia originate. He's discharged
dialog: from the Marines supposedly because
text: his mother's sick. He stays home 3
dialog: days, then with a $1500 ticket from
dialog: a $203 bank account, he goes to
dialog: Moscow...
text: FLASHBACK TO Moscow in 1959. We see shots of the city -
text: strange and eerie black-and-white stills. Inside the U.S.
text: Embassy Oswald slaps his passport on the table with a formal
text: letter. Two consuls attend him.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: (voice stilted)
dialog: I want to renounce my citizenship
dialog: and become a Soviet citizen. I'm
dialog: going to make known to them all
dialog: information I have concerning the
dialog: Marine Corps and my specialty therein,
dialog: radar operation...
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: One of the consuls, John McVickar,
dialog: says Oswald's performance was not
dialog: spontaneous - it seemed coached.
text: Oswald gives an interview to a
dialog: journalist.
text: Continuing the Moscow flashback, we see Oswald talking with
text: a female journalist in his small room in the Hotel Metropole.
text: Again he sounds robotic.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: I will never return to the United
dialog: States for any reason. It is a
dialog: capitalist country, an exploitive,
dialog: racist country. I am a Marxist since
dialog: I was 15. I've seen poor niggers
dialog: and that was a real lesson. People
dialog: hate because they're told to hate,
dialog: like school kids. It's the fashion
dialog: to hate people in the U.S.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: The Russians are skeptical - want to
dialog: send him back. Maybe they suspect
text: he's a spy. He supposedly slashes
text: his wrists in a suicide attempt so
dialog: that they're forced to keep him, and
dialog: he disappears for six weeks,
text: presumably with the KGB.
text: We see photos of the city of Minks, in Russia, Oswald with
text: various friends and tourists, shots of Lee and Marina with a
dialog: new baby.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: Finally they shuttle him to a radio
text: factory in Minks where he lives as
dialog: high on the hog as he ever has -
dialog: he's given 5,000 rubles, a roomy
text: apartment with a balcony, has affairs
dialog: with local girls.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Makes sense - he's a spokesman.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: But he never writes, speaks, or does
dialog: any propaganda for the Russians. He
text: meets Marina, whose uncle is a colonel
dialog: in Soviet intelligence, at a trade
dialog: union dance; she thinks he's Russian
text: the way he speaks, six weeks later
text: they marry, have a daughter.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Didn't someone say he didn't speak
dialog: good Russian?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's a contradiction, Numa, get used
dialog: to them. The only explanation for
dialog: the royal treatment is he did give
dialog: them radar secrets. Or fake secrets.
text: We see documentary shots of the U2 on Russian soil... Francis
dialog: Gary Powers... The Summit Conference canceled... Eisenhower
dialog: and Khrushchev.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know if it's coincidence,
dialog: but Oswald had a top security
dialog: clearance and knew about the U2
dialog: program from his days at Atsugi Air
dialog: Base in Japan. Six months after he
text: arrives in Russia, Francis Gary
text: Powers' U2 spy flight goes down in
dialog: Russia. That plane was untouchable.
dialog: Powers hinted that Oswald could've
dialog: given the Russians enough data to
dialog: hit it. As a direct result, the
dialog: peace summit between Khrushchev and
dialog: Eisenhower failed. I can't help
dialog: thinking of that book Seven Days In
dialog: May, maybe someone in our military
dialog: didn't want the Peace Conference to
dialog: happen, maybe Oswald was part of
dialog: that. It gets weirder.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Susie, you're an assistant D.A.,
dialog: remember. Stick to what you can
dialog: prove in court.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: You want facts, Bill? Okay. From
dialog: 1945 to '59 only two U.S. soldiers
dialog: defect to Russia. From '59 to '60,
dialog: seven defect, six return, one of
dialog: them another Marine a month before
dialog: Oswald. All of them young men made
text: to seem poor, disenchanted.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't get sidetracked! How does he
dialog: get back to the States? That's the
dialog: point. Does he have any problems?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: None! The State Department issues
dialog: him a new passport in 48 hours and
dialog: loans him the money to travel. He's
dialog: never investigated or charged by the
dialog: Navy for revealing classified
dialog: information or, as far as we know,
text: debriefed by the CIA.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: This is a man whose secrets cause us
dialog: to change our radar patterns in the
dialog: Pacific! He should've been prosecuted
dialog: as a traitor!
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: The FBI finally gets around to talking
text: to him in Dallas and runs a file on
text: him as a miscreant Communist type.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: But who meets him when he gets off
dialog: the boat in New York in June '62?
text: The screen shows photos of New York: Empty docks... a ship
text: coming in... Wall Street on a Sunday morning - Graphic Weegee-
text: type black-and-white stills, then a photo of Spas T. Raikin.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: Spas T. Raikin, a leading member of
dialog: an anti-Communist group.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: And Marina? Does she have a problem
dialog: getting out?
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: None either. It's bizarre. It's
dialog: next to impossible to get Russian
dialog: sweethearts out. Nor does Lee have
dialog: any problem getting a new passport
dialog: when he wants to go to Cuba and Russia
text: in '63. A man who has defected once
dialog: already. It's crazy.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dammit, it doesn't add up! Ordinary
dialog: people get blacklisted for leftist
dialog: affiliations! The State Department
dialog: did everything short of dispatching
dialog: a destroyer to Minks to insure
text: Oswald's return. Only intelligence
dialog: people can come and go like that.
text: FLASHBACK TO a Forth Worth map factory. We see Oswald at
text: work on photo mattes with a Minox spy camera. The camera
text: shows close-ups of maps and then flashes to a hand in the
text: photographic section. We see a close-up of Oswald's head in
text: a photograph - the same headshot that will be superimposed
text: on the Oswald photo - and a razor blade cutting mattes.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: The next thing we know he's living
dialog: in Dallas/Ft. Worth in October '62
dialog: working 6 months at Jaggars-Chiles-
dialog: Stovall, a photographic firm that
dialog: contracts to make maps for the U.S.
dialog: Army... He starts work only days
dialog: before the government reveals Russian
dialog: missiles in Cuba and the crisis
dialog: explodes. Oswald may have had access
dialog: to missile site footage obtained by
text: the U2 planes and works alongside a
dialog: young man who'd been in the Army
dialog: Security Agency.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Sort of like Benedict Arnold coming
text: back to George Washington's cabinet.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: Equally incongruous is Oswald becoming
dialog: chummy with the White Russian
dialog: community of Dallas - all rabid anti-
dialog: Communists.
text: FLASHBACK TO Fort Worth in 1963. In Oswald's cheap apartment,
text: seven White Russians, including George de Mohrenschildt, a
text: distinguished grey-haired man in his late fifties, are
text: visiting Marina and Oswald, bringing old dresses, groceries,
text: and toys and milk for the crying baby, whose cradle is two
text: suitcases.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: His closest friend is an oilman named
dialog: George de Mohrenschildt who's about
dialog: 35 years older than Oswald, who's
text: only 23 and supposedly broke. De
dialog: Mohrenschildt is a member of the
dialog: Dallas Petroleum Club, speaks five
dialog: languages and was in French Vichy
dialog: Intelligence during the War. Also
dialog: rumoured to have been a Nazi
dialog: sympathizer and member of the
dialog: "Solidarists", an international anti-
dialog: Communist organization with many
dialog: Eastern Europeans and ex-Nazis, many
dialog: of them brought here by the CIA after
dialog: the war, many of them involved in
dialog: oil and munitions interests in Dallas
dialog: and the Southwest. You figure it.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Where'd you get all this Nazi stuff?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: (hands him a file)
dialog: Read it. They called it "Project
dialog: Paperclip."
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: This is the guy that keeps turning
dialog: up in colonial countries and each
dialog: time something strange happens.
dialog: Coup d'etats, presidents overthrown.
text: He shows up on a "walking tour" of
dialog: Guatemala's Cuban invasion camps
text: just before the Bay of Pigs invasion.
dialog: If we don't know he's CIA, let's
dialog: circle him very probable - Oswald's
dialog: handler.
text: We see Oswald and de Mohrenschildt talking with the others
text: and a magazine cover with J.F.K. the subject of discussion.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: I think he's made some mistakes on
dialog: Cuba, but he's doing a pretty good
dialog: job. If he succeeds, in my opinion,
dialog: he'll be a great President. And a
dialog: really attractive one too - open
text: features, great head of hair...
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
text: De Mohrenschildt draws a picture of
dialog: Oswald as an intellectual, well read,
dialog: speaks excellent Russian, a man who
dialog: adored J.F.K.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's scenery. Don't get
dialog: sidetracked. This is the man, bottom
dialog: line, who nailed Oswald to the Warren
dialog: Commission as a potentially violent
text: man, and linked him to the rifle.
text: TIME CUT TO Oswald's apartment on a different day in 1963.
text: George de Mohrenschildt points out a Mannlicher-Carcano rifle
text: in the closet, turns to Lee.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So, Lee, what are you taking a potshot
dialog: at this week - rabbits or fascists?
text: Lee's look is sickly. He freezes up.
text: RESUME scene of White Russian gathering in Oswald's apartment.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: The only Russian that suspects Oswald
dialog: of still being a Communist is Anna
text: Meller. But her Russian friend tells
dialog: her "he's checked" with the local
dialog: FBI and was told Oswald is all right.
text: Anna Meller, one of the guests, glances at a copy of Das
text: Kapital in a pile of books, and talks to another Russian man
text: about it... Talking now to Lee and Marina are Janet and Bill
text: Williams, a mid-American couple in their late twenties,
text: freshly minted.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: The Oswalds are introduced by George
dialog: de Mohrenschildt to Janet and Bill
dialog: Williams. It's through Janet Williams
dialog: in October '63 that Lee gets the
dialog: warehouse job, right smack on Elm
text: Street at the Book Depository, which
text: is owned by another oilman with ties
dialog: to defense and military intelligence.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Presumably so he can now exercise
text: his intellect stacking school texts
dialog: at $1.25 an hour.
text: We see Oswald and another man in the Texas School Book
text: Depository in 1963. They are hauling and stacking school
text: textbooks - an obviously lower-level job for Oswald after
text: the map factory. We cut ahead to empty graphics of the sealed
text: off area, the window site, the cafeteria.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: All I can find out about the Williams'
dialog: is their tax returns are classified
dialog: and that Bill Williams, a descendant
dialog: of the Cabots of Massachusetts, has
dialog: links through his family and United
dialog: Fruit to the CIA and does classified
dialog: work for Bell Helicopter which
dialog: requires a security clearance - so
text: what is Oswald, a defector, doing
dialog: visiting his wife in his house?
dialog: Williams has a relationship at Bell
dialog: with General Walter Dornberger,
dialog: another one of the Nazis we brought
dialog: in after the War for our missile
dialog: program. He used slave labor to
dialog: build the V-2 Rockets for Hitler
dialog: before Bell needed him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I wonder about the Williams'. Just
dialog: where did the first description of
dialog: Oswald come from at 12:44? No one
dialog: knows. They claimed it was Brennan's,
dialog: but his description came after 1
dialog: P.M. Who called? Somehow the FBI's
dialog: been tapping the Williams' and picks
text: up a call between Bell Helicopter
text: and Janet's phone, an unidentified
dialog: voice saying "We both know who's
dialog: responsible." Who called? Why's
dialog: the Bureau been tapping them?
text: We see the interior of the Williams' home in Irving on a day
dialog: in 1963.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: His wife, Janet Williams, studied
dialog: Russian in college and her father
dialog: worked for the Agency for
dialog: International Development, which
text: works hand in hand with the CIA.
text: She suddenly becomes Marina's best
text: friend. Marina fights often with
dialog: Lee about many things - his secrecy,
dialog: the lack of money. She says Lee is
text: not sexually adequate. Lee hits her
dialog: on several occasions. Bill Williams'
dialog: convenient separation from Janet
dialog: allows Janet to invite Marina to
dialog: move into her house in Irving. There
dialog: Marina and Lee have a second daughter -
text: while Lee, now 24, stores his
text: belongings in Janet's garage and
text: rents a small room in Dallas under
text: an alias of "O.H. Lee".
text: We see Marina and Oswald in bed at night in the Williams'
text: house, in a tender scene. Oswald says goodbye to his child.
text: TIME CUT TO Oswald living in a boarding house. It is at
text: night, and he sits in his room alone. The housekeeper,
text: Earlene Roberts, heavyset, white, in her 60's, comes in and
text: asks him if he wants to watch some TV with her. He declines.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: When he's arrested, Marina buries
text: him with the public. Her description
text: of him is that of a psychotic and
dialog: violent man.
text: FLASHBACK TO Marina on TV, a different person from before.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: I do not want to believe, but I have
dialog: too much facts.. tell me that Lee
dialog: shot Kennedy.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, after, they take her to Six
dialog: Flags Inn in Arlington, prepare her
dialog: for the interviews, teach her how
dialog: she should answer - and after two
dialog: months and 46 interviews, she has a
dialog: nervous breakdown.
dialog: (flashback)
dialog: Oswald was no angel, that's clear,
dialog: but who was he?
text: BACK TO Antoine's Restaurant.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I'm lost, boss. What are we saying
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We're saying that when Oswald went
dialog: to Russia, he was not a real defector,
dialog: that he was an intelligence agent on
dialog: some kind of mission for our
dialog: government and he remained one till
dialog: the day he died, that's what we're
dialog: saying.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: And therefore because Oswald pulled
dialog: the trigger, the intelligence
dialog: community murdered their own commander
dialog: in chief. That's what you're saying!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'll go you one better! Maybe Oswald
dialog: didn't even pull the trigger, Bill.
dialog: The nitrate test indicates he didn't
dialog: even fire a rifle on November 22nd.
dialog: And on top of that, they didn't even
dialog: bother to check if the rifle had
dialog: been fired that day.
speaker_heading: BILL
text: He had his palm print on the weapon.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It went to the goddamn FBI and they
dialog: didn't find a goddamn thing. It
text: comes back a week later and one guy
dialog: in the Dallas police department
text: suddenly finds a palm print which
dialog: for all I know he could've taken off
text: Oswald at the morgue. There's no
dialog: chain of evidence, Bill. And what
dialog: about the tow guns actually seen in
dialog: the Depository? One an Enfield
text: photographed by a newsman and the
dialog: other a Mauser, described by Deputy
dialog: Weitzman... Maybe, just maybe, Lee
dialog: Oswald was exactly what he said he
dialog: was Bill - "a patsy". Take it at
dialog: face value. Lou, Susie, I'm going
dialog: with my gut here. He's got an alias
dialog: of Hidell to buy the rifle, "O.H.
dialog: Lee" to rent the room, right? What's
dialog: in a name, right? In intelligence,
text: they're assumed to be fake. A name
dialog: is sort of like a postbox number, a
dialog: code - several different people can
dialog: use the same name, right? Then why
dialog: can't somebody be using Oswald's
dialog: name?
text: We see blank faces around the table.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: To frame him, obviously. You got to
dialog: get in your minds how the hell spooks
dialog: think, Bill! They're not ordinary
text: crooks.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I never could figure out why this
text: guy orders a traceable weapon to
dialog: that post office box when you can go
dialog: into any store in Texas, give a phony
text: name and walk out with a cheap rifle
dialog: which can never be traced.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Unless he or someone else wants him
dialog: to get caught. Maybe he never ordered
dialog: the weapon, Lou. Somebody else did.
dialog: It was picked up at the post office
dialog: early morning when Oswald's time
text: sheet shows him clocked in at his
dialog: job. Lou, come alive. These things
dialog: are not adding up.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I still have to question what the
dialog: legal basis is that supports this,
dialog: boss. Susie's stuff is colorful,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let's start making some assumptions
dialog: about the man. Why would he leave a
dialog: path as big as Lee Harvey Oswald's?
dialog: This is not a thin trail, gentlemen,
dialog: it is a very wide one. Who found
dialog: the evidence? Who set him up? Lou,
dialog: Bill, Susie, I want you to go back
dialog: and check all the sightings of Oswald
dialog: in Dallas, New Orleans and Mexico in
dialog: the summer and fall of '63 - see if
dialog: it's the same guy.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Boss, Oswald impersonators? Sounds
dialog: like James Bond now.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Al, you can't tell a mink from a
dialog: coonskin unless you see the fur up
dialog: close. Goddamn, Sam! If we don't
dialog: start reading between the lines here!
dialog: Y'all gotta start thinking on a
dialog: different level - like the CIA does.
text: We're through the looking glass.
text: Here white is black and black is
dialog: white.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What do you think, Lou?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I'm just an investigator, Bill. I
dialog: leave the theories to you lawyers.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You, Numa?
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: A week ago I would've said this is
dialog: nuts, but now ...
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: There's a lot of smoke there, but
dialog: there's some fire.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Now you guys, come on. You're talking
dialog: about the United States Government
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We're talking about a crime, Bill.
dialog: No one is above the law. Reduce it.
dialog: A crime was committed. Let's get to
dialog: work.
scene_heading: MEDICAL UNIT - JAIL - DAY(1966)
text: Jack Ruby, thick fudge of an angry face, flu-ridden, confronts
text: a doctor and two guards in his cell.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Christ, what the hell kinda needle
dialog: is that? I just got a cold for
dialog: Chrissake. I don't want any shot!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Please relax, Mr. Ruby. This'll
dialog: calm you down and clear this up.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Doc, I'm telling you, I don't need
dialog: any shots.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Mr. Ruby, I don't want to involve
dialog: the guards. It'll just take a few
dialog: seconds.
text: Ruby looks over at the two guards, who eye him. The Doctor
text: gives him the injection.
text: FLASHBACK TO Ruby's jail cell in 1964. Ruby talks to men
text: with their backs to us. Lawyers and police clutter the cell,
text: making Ruby hyper-nervous. The chief official's white hair
text: and avuncular voice are all we see and hear of him; his back
dialog: is to us.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Then do you understand that I cannot
dialog: tell the truth here? In Dallas.
dialog: That there are people here who do
dialog: not want me to tell the truth...
dialog: who do not want me to have a retrial?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Mr. Ruby, I really can't see why you
dialog: can't tell us now.
text: Ruby catches the stern face of Sheriff Bill Decker from the
text: corner of his eye, the Assistant D.A. next to him.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: When are you going back to Washington,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: I am going back very shortly after
dialog: we finish this hearing - I am going
dialog: to have some lunch.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Can I make a statement? If you
dialog: request me to go back to Washington
dialog: with you right now, that is if you
dialog: want to hear further testimony from
dialog: me, can you do that? Can you take
dialog: me with you?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: No, that could not be done, Mr. Ruby.
dialog: There are a good many things involved
dialog: in that.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What are they?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Well, the public attention it would
dialog: attract. And we have no place for
dialog: you there to be safe, we're not law
dialog: enforcement officials, and many things
dialog: are at stake in this affair, Mr.
dialog: Ruby.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: But if I am eliminated there won't
dialog: be any way of knowing. Consequently
dialog: a whole new form of government is
dialog: going to take over this country, and
dialog: I know I won't live to see you another
dialog: time. My life is in danger here.
dialog: Do I sound screwy?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Well I don't know what can be done,
dialog: Mr. Ruby, because I don't know what
dialog: you anticipate we will encounter.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Then you don't stand a chance, Mr.
dialog: Chief Justice, you have a lost cause.
dialog: All I want is a lie detector test,
dialog: and you refuse to give it to me.
dialog: Because as it stands now - and the
dialog: truth serum - how do you pronounce
dialog: it - Pentothal - whatever it is.
dialog: They will not give it to me, because
dialog: I want to tell the truth... And then
dialog: I want to leave this world.
text: The camera pauses on Ruby's face. The men rise and leave in
text: the shadows.
scene_heading: PARKLAND MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - (1967)
text: Jack Ruby is escorted out of the infirmary, dead of cancer.
scene_heading: BROUSSARD'S RESTAURANT - NEW ORLEANS - (1967)
text: The puffy, smiling face of Dean Andrews, framed by huge black
text: glasses, talks in a Louisiana hippie argot of the 50's. The
text: restaurant has a fancy French decor, mirrored walls, marble -
dialog: it serves the cream of Louisiana society.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Why you keep dancing on my head for,
dialog: my man? We been thicker'n molasses
dialog: pie since law school.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Because you keep conning me, Dean.
dialog: I read your testimony to the Warren
dialog: Commission and...
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: There you go. Grain of salt. Two
dialog: sides to every coin.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You tell them the day after the
dialog: assassination you were called on the
dialog: phone by this "Clay Bertrand" and
dialog: asked to fly to Dallas and be Lee
text: Oswald's layer.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Now that's pretty important, Dean.
dialog: You also told the FBI when you met
dialog: him, he was six foot two. Then you
dialog: tell the Commission he was five foot
dialog: eight. How the hell did the man
dialog: shrink like that, Dean?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: They put the heat on, my man, just
dialog: like you're doing. I gave'em anything
dialog: that popped into my cabeza. Truth
dialog: is, I never met the dude.
text: Sudden FLASHBACK to Andrews' office on a day in 1963. Clay
text: Bertrand sits, back to us, talking to Andrews. He has close-
text: cropped white hair. He is the same patrician man we've seen
text: earlier with Oswald on Canal Street and in Banister's office.
text: Andrews is evidently lying.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: I don't know what the cat looks like
dialog: and furthermore I don't know where
dialog: he's at. All I know is sometimes he
dialog: sends me cases. So one day he's on
dialog: the phone talkin' to me about going
dialog: to Dallas and repping Oswald...
text: (notices a woman, in
dialog: present)
dialog: Hey, pipe the bimbo in red. What
dialog: ever happened to that little gal you
dialog: was dating in the Quarter - from
dialog: Opelousas, y'know, elevator didn't
dialog: go to the top floor but tits could
text: smother gumbo with.
text: Jim, in present, looking briefly - a pretty girl walking in.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Yeah, she was pretty, all right, but
dialog: not half as cute as you, Deano. You
dialog: shoulda tried a legitimate line of
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: You can't ever say crime don't pay
dialog: in Louisiana, Jim - only not as good
dialog: as it used to. Good chowder, ain't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: When did you first do business with
dialog: this Bertrand?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (bored)
dialog: Oh, I first heard these street cats
dialog: jiving about him back in '56, '57
dialog: when I lived down in the Quarter.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Street cats?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Swishes. They swish, y'know. Young
dialog: fags, you know. They'd come into my
dialog: bureau needing help, no bread, and
dialog: I'd say, hey man, I ain't Rockefeller,
dialog: who gonna back you up? These
text: cornmuffins go to the phone and
dialog: dial...
text: FLASHBACK TO Andrews' office on another day in 1963. We
text: catch a glimpse of a young swish sitting in Andrew's office
text: talking on the phone. Andrews is also on the phone to
text: Bertrand, unseen, on the other end.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
text: The dude on the other end says...
speaker_heading: CLAY BERTRAND
dialog: I'm Clay Bertrand. Whatever they
dialog: owe, I guarantee.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Hey, suits me fine, Daddy Warbucks -
dialog: how do I get in touch with you?
speaker_heading: CLAY BERTRAND
dialog: I'm around.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS (V.O.)
dialog: And that's how I first heard of Clay
dialog: Bertrand.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: What was his voice like?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: You knew you weren't talking to some
dialog: low life fag, you know. He had
text: command of the king's English.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Did he pay?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Always - like tits on a pig. I wish
dialog: I had a million of those bimbettes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And Oswald?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (just a slight
dialog: hesitation)
dialog: Like I told to the Washington boys,
dialog: Bertrand called that summer and asked
dialog: me to help the kid upgrade his Marine
dialog: discharge...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: So you saw Oswald how many times?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
text: Three, four. He came in with a few
dialog: Cubano swishes one time I remember...
text: FLASHBACK TO a third day at Andrew's office in 1963. Oswald
text: is in the office with two young boys.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Recall any names?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (in present)
dialog: Mario, Jose - they wear names like
dialog: you and I wear clothes. Today the
dialog: name is Candy, tomorrow it's Butsie.
dialog: I wish I could help you, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Did you speak to Oswald in Dallas?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (knee-jerk reaction)
dialog: Hell, no! I told this Bertrand cat
dialog: right off, this isn't my scene, man.
dialog: I deal with muni court, I'm a hack
dialog: in nigger town, that kid needs a hot
dialog: dog.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Then how the hell did you get in the
dialog: Warren Commission, Dean? Except
dialog: through the phone records in the
dialog: Dallas jail?
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: (nervous moment)
dialog: There were no phone records.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Of course there weren't. 'Cause they
dialog: disappeared. And yet the Commission
dialog: found you, Dean.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: I don't know how they got to me.
dialog: Maybe cause I repped him here. The
dialog: Feebees run background checks. On
dialog: my mama's breasts, man, that's all I
dialog: got.
dialog: (pauses, adjusts)
dialog: There wasn't no conspiracy, Jim. If
dialog: there were, why the hell didn't Bobby
dialog: Kennedy prosecute it as Attorney
dialog: General, he was his brother for
dialog: Chrissake. How the fuck three people
dialog: could keep a secret like that, I
dialog: don't know. It was Oswald. He was
dialog: a nut job. Faggot, y'know, hated
dialog: this country.
text: As Andrews resumes eating his crabmeat Louie with gusto, Jim
text: reaches over and grabs the fork in mid-air.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dean, I think we're having a
dialog: communication problem. I know you
dialog: know who Clay Bertrand is. Now stop
dialog: eating that damn crabmeat for a minute
dialog: and listen.
dialog: (gets Dean's attention)
dialog: I'm aware of our long friendship,
dialog: but I want you to know I'm going to
dialog: call you in front of a grand jury.
dialog: I took nine judges on, Deano, right
dialog: here in New Orleans, and I beat 'em
dialog: all. If you lie to the grand jury
dialog: as you've been lying to me, I'm going
dialog: to charge you with perjury. Now, am
dialog: I communicating with you?
text: Andrews puts down the fork, shaken, silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Is this off the record, Daddy-o?
dialog: (Jim nods)
dialog: In that case, let me sum it up for
dialog: you real quick. If I answer that
dialog: question you keep asking me, if I
dialog: give you the name of the "Big
dialog: Enchilada", y'know, then it's bon
dialog: voyage, Deano - I mean like permanent.
dialog: I mean like a bullet in my head.
dialog: You dig? Does that help you see my
dialog: problem a little better? You're a
text: mouse fighting a gorilla. Kennedy's
dialog: dead as that crab meat. The
dialog: government's still breathing. You
dialog: want to line up with a dead man?
text: At a nearby table, a waiter has just poured brandy on Crepe
text: Suzettes. A blue flame hovers in the air as Jim leans forward
text: across the table, speaking deliberately.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Read my lips, Deano. Either you
dialog: dance into the Grand Jury with the
dialog: real identity of Clay Bertrand or
dialog: your fat behind is going to the
dialog: slammer. Do you dig me?
text: Andrews stands suddenly.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: You're just as crazy as your mama.
dialog: Goes to show it's in the genes! Do
dialog: you have any idea what you're getting
dialog: into, my man? You think Jack Ruby
dialog: just up and died of cancer in four
dialog: weeks after he gets a retrial? That's
dialog: some kinda new cancer - I'd say that's
dialog: a "going out of business cancer".
dialog: You got the right ta-ta, but the
dialog: wrong ho-ho. The government's gonna
dialog: jump all over your head, Jimbo, and
dialog: go "cock-a-doodledoo!"
text: Andrews drops his pink napkin in the crabmeat and waddles
text: out. Jim now feels closer to the truth than ever.
scene_heading: ANGOLA PRISON - LOUISIANA COUNTRYSIDE - (1967)
text: From the point of view of an approaching car, the prison
text: looms over the swamp, dogs patrolling the wire.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: District Attorney Garrison to see
scene_heading: Prisoner 5388, Ward Block 237B.
speaker_heading: GUARD'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Send him on in.
scene_heading: PRISON DORMITORY - (1967)
text: A chief guard walks Jim and Bill into a circus-like
dialog: atmosphere. In Louisiana the prisoners can wear any outfit
text: they choose, which makes this prison look like Mardi Gras.
dialog: There are many transvestites.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (with evident pride)
dialog: ...we don't need no gates out there,
dialog: sir, we got the "swamp". Many of
dialog: 'em gone in there but none come out...
dialog: Hey, Willie!
text: Willie O'Keefe, a handsome, muscled, young chickenhawk with
text: an earring, bandana, colorful clothes, an aura of burned
text: truth in his intense, staring brown eyes and thick country
text: accent, sashays over.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You got some company, wants to talk
dialog: wid you. You behave now, boy, y'hear.
text: TIMECUT TO the prison work area, where Willie talks, leaning
text: against a tree looking out on a mangrove swamp. It's lunch
text: break and other prisoners move in the background, eating,
dialog: socializing.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I want to thank you, Mr. O'Keefe,
dialog: for this time.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: Call me Willie. I ain't got nuthin'
dialog: but time, Mr. Garrison. Minutes,
dialog: hours, days, years of'em. Time just
text: stands still here like a snake sunnin'
text: itself in the road...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Clay Bertrand, Willie?
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: Yeah. Clay. I met him sometime in
text: June of '62 at the Masquerade Bar.
dialog: Dave Ferrie took me there, for the
dialog: express reason to meet him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: For sexual purposes?
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: Well... yeah.
text: FLASHBACK TO the Masquerade Bar in the French Quarter. It's
text: nighttime and Ferrie, Bertrand and O'Keefe sit at a back
text: booth. Bertrand, as seen earlier, is an imposing, white-
text: haired patrician man, over six feet tall, heavily defined
text: bones and eyelids, in his late 40's or early 50's.
speaker_heading: BILL (V.O.)
dialog: Did he pay you for this?
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE (V.O.)
dialog: Twenty dollars each time. Hell,
dialog: it's no secret. That's what I'm
dialog: here for.
text: They rise to leave. Bertrand with a slight limp.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Anything else unusual about him you'd
dialog: be able to describe in a court of
dialog: law, Willie?
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE (V.O.)
dialog: I remember he had some kinda thing
text: wrong with his left leg. He limped.
dialog: Don't get me wrong, he's not one of
dialog: those, you know, limp wrists. He's
dialog: a butch John. You'd meet him on the
dialog: street, you'd never snap. You could
dialog: go fishing with him, play poker with
dialog: him, you'd never snap in a million
dialog: years. So one night we were over at
text: Ferrie's place. Having a party.
dialog: Sometime in the late summer of '63.
text: FLASHBACK TO Dave Ferrie's apartment on a night in 1963.
text: The place is filled messy bricabrac, including two dozen
text: mouse cages for Ferrie's cancer experiments. Ferrie,
text: Bertrand, O'Keefe, and four Cubans in battle fatigues are
text: laughing and fooling around. Oswald is in a corner cleaning
text: a .22 rifle with a scope on it. He looks different, unkempt,
text: unshaven. A record player grinds out a speech in Spanish by
dialog: Castro. Some other people are there as well - it's a beatnik
text: scene: sandals, hanging out, only one woman. Ferrie is taking
text: pictures throughout of the group horsing around, photographing
dialog: Oswald.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: ...there were about nine or ten
dialog: people, Cubans, friends of Dave doing
text: some stuff in the bush with him.
dialog: Place was a mess. Dave's mind was a
dialog: mess,
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Y'know he had all those mice cages
dialog: around cause he's working on this
dialog: cure for cancer... Dave's smart -
dialog: real smart - speaks five languages,
dialog: knows philosophy, medicine, military
dialog: history, politics. He wanted to be
dialog: a priest but they defrocked him 'cause
dialog: he was queer...
speaker_heading: BILL (V.O.)
dialog: And that's where you met Oswald for
dialog: the first time?
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, strange guy. Dave introduced
dialog: him as...
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Willie, say hello to Leon Oswald.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: (over the racket)
dialog: How ya doing?
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: (sullen, to Ferrie)
dialog: What the fuck's he doing here?
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: Fuck you, man.
text: Ferrie separates them. Oswald seems to resent an outsider
dialog: being there.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (to O'Keefe)
dialog: Leon's in a bad mood, don't get
dialog: excited, he's all right.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Would you say this "Leon" was actually
dialog: Lee Harvey Oswald?
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: (in present)
dialog: Fuck, yes. Hell, I'm already in
dialog: jail. I got no reason to lie to
dialog: you. I ain't no nigger.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Go on, Willie.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: (present merging to
dialog: past)
dialog: ...well the party got crazier and
dialog: crazier, one of those, y'know
dialog: "beatnik" type things.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (to O'Keefe)
dialog: We're having a little meeting here.
dialog: (indicates the second
dialog: player)
dialog: That's Castro. Sounds like Hitler
dialog: doesn't he? Sonofabitch is going to
dialog: go. Real soon.
speaker_heading: CUBANS
dialog: Muerte a Fidel! Muerte!
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: (irritated at the
dialog: noise)
dialog: Oh, stop it already! What are all
dialog: these people doing here anyway? I
dialog: can't bear all this infernal noise.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Clara, don't be so sensitive.
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: I didn't come here for a pep rally.
dialog: Get all this riffraff out of here.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Okay, okay.
text: TIMECUT TO later that night, when only O'Keefe, Ferrie,
text: Bertrand, Oswald and three Cubans are left.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE (V.O.)
dialog: ...finally they got out of there and
dialog: I found myself alone with Dave and
dialog: this Leon, two of the Cubans, and
dialog: this guy Bertrand. Dave pulled out
dialog: his clippings which he was always
text: carrying around. He'd been obsessed
dialog: with Castro and Kennedy for months
dialog: and he started in again...
speaker_heading: FERRIE
text: (waving a clipping,
dialog: drunk)
dialog: Kennedy fucked us in '61, '62, and
dialog: he's fuckin' us now! And that fuckin'
dialog: zealot Bobby Kennedy is the fuckee!
dialog: The nerve of that little asswipe
dialog: closing the camps. Took all our C-
dialog: 4! Took ten thousand rounds, 3,000
dialog: pounds of gunpowder, all our weapons.
dialog: Next we'll be living in a world where
dialog: only the cocksucking Reds will have
dialog: all the weapons and we'll be
dialog: surrounded. If we want a free Cuba,
dialog: we gotta whack out the fucking beard.
speaker_heading: CUBAN
dialog: That faggot Kennedy won't let us.
dialog: Our hands are empty - how can we
dialog: kill him?
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: (moving with a drink,
text: walks with a slight
dialog: limp)
dialog: It's a real problem getting at him.
dialog: Castro's got informers on every block.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
text: (pointing to a map of
dialog: Cuba on the wall)
dialog: Bullshit! There's all kinds of new
dialog: stuff. I heard about rockets in an
dialog: umbrella - they're tested at Fort
dialog: Detrick? I can show you a dozen
dialog: poisons. Stick it in his food, he'll
dialog: die in three days, no trace. We can
dialog: put something in his beard, make it
dialog: fall out, he'll look fuckin'
text: ridiculous without his beard.
speaker_heading: CUBAN
dialog: (drunk)
dialog: Why don't we just take care of the
dialog: main problem? Which is that piece
dialog: of shit Kennedy. He's doing all
dialog: kinds of deals! Kissing Khrushchev's
dialog: ass. I wouldn't even call him
dialog: President Kennedy.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE (V.O.)
dialog: ...then the Cubans left and the
dialog: bullshitting was going on, Dave was
text: drunk, really drunk and he starts in
dialog: with Kennedy again.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: See, what Kennedy done, with him you
dialog: should take a knife and stab and
dialog: kill the fucker where he is now. I
dialog: mean it. This is true. But I tell
dialog: you something. I hope I get a week's
dialog: notice. I'll kill. Right in the
dialog: fuckin' White House. Somebody's got
dialog: to get rid of this fucker.
text: Oswald looks up, listens quietly.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: Oh, c'mon, Dave, you're never gonna
dialog: get that sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: No? It won't be long, mark my words.
dialog: That fucker'll get what's coming to
dialog: him. And it can be blamed on Castro.
dialog: Then the whole country'll want to
dialog: invade Cuba. All we got to do is
dialog: get Kennedy in the open.
text: Bertrand with his arms around O'Keefe, laughs, tries to change
dialog: the subject.
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: David, David, always some harebrained
dialog: scheme or another... Oh? What do I
dialog: see here? Oooooh, let's have some
dialog: more champagne, shall we!
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: (interested in Ferrie's
dialog: proposal)
dialog: What about the Secret Service, the
dialog: cops?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (pacing, hyper)
dialog: No problem if it's planned right.
dialog: Look how close they got with de
dialog: Gaulle. Eisenhower was always riding
dialog: around in an open top. I know
dialog: somebody who actually went up and
dialog: touched Eisenhower once. We need to
dialog: have three mechanics at three
dialog: different locations. An office
text: building with a high-powered rifle.
dialog: Triangulation of crossfire is the
dialog: key. You get the diversionary shot
dialog: gets the Secret Service looking one
dialog: way - Boom! You get the kill shot.
dialog: The crucial thing is one man has to
dialog: be sacrificed, then in the commotion
text: of the crowd the job gets done and
text: the others fly out of the country to
dialog: someplace with no extradition. I
dialog: could do that myself. I could fly
dialog: to Mexico, and then Brazil.
text: Oswald listens, playing with his rifle. Bertrand suddenly
text: turns cold, flashing a look at Ferrie.
speaker_heading: BERTRAND
dialog: Why don't we drop this subject...
dialog: it's one thing to engage in badinage
dialog: with these youngsters, but this sort
dialog: of thing could be so easily
dialog: misunderstood.
dialog: (he squeezes Ferrie)
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Ouch!
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE (V.O.)
dialog: I didn't think much about it at the
dialog: time. Just bullshit, y'know,
dialog: everybody likes to make themselves
dialog: out to be something more than they
dialog: are. Specially in the homosexual
dialog: underworld. But then when they got
dialog: him
dialog: (merging to the present)
dialog: I got real scared, y'know. Real
dialog: scared. And that's when I got popped.
text: BACK TO the prison work area. Jim and O'Keefe continue
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Willie, are you willing to repeat
dialog: your statements under sodium
dialog: pentothal? Under the supervision of
dialog: a doctor?
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: Fuck, yeah! I told you so. And you
dialog: can tell'em all I told you so.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You realize the things you're saying,
dialog: Willie, are going to be attacked by
dialog: a lot of different people.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: Bring on all the motherfuckers!
dialog: Bring their college degrees in here!
dialog: I got nuthin' to hide. They can't
dialog: buy me. You can't buy me. I don't
dialog: even need the parole. This is about
dialog: the truth coming out. You're a
dialog: goddamn liberal, Mr. Garrison, you
dialog: don't know shit, cause you never
dialog: been fucked in the ass. Fascism is
dialog: here now, Facism is...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No one's trying to buy you, Willie.
dialog: It's important to know why you're
dialog: telling us this.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: You wanna know why? 'Cause that
dialog: mother fucker Kennedy stole that
dialog: fuckin' election, that's why! Nixon
dialog: was gonna be one of the great
dialog: Presidents 'til Kennedy wrecked this
dialog: fuckin' country. Got niggers all
dialog: over the fuckin' place asking for
dialog: their rights, where do you think we
dialog: got all this fuckin' crime now, 'cause
dialog: Kennedy promised 'em too damned much.
dialog: Revolution comin'. Fascism's coming
dialog: back. I tell ya this - the day that
dialog: Communist sumbitch died was a great
dialog: day for this country. I jes' hate
dialog: to think they're blaming it on some
dialog: silly fuckin' Oswald who didn't know
dialog: shit anyway. People should know why
dialog: that sumbitch was killed. 'Cause he
dialog: was a Communist. Put me on the stand,
dialog: go ahead, I'll tell the same goddamn
dialog: story, I'm proud of it, don't matter
dialog: fuck all to me, things don't change.
text: As he talks, Jim shares a sickened look with Bill. Whatever
dialog: truth he may be telling is necessarily compromised by an
dialog: attitude that could be destroyed in court.
scene_heading: GARRISON HOME - NIGHT(1967)
text: Jim, Lou, Al, Susie, and Numa sit around the table having an
text: after hours conference. The kids run in and out of the room,
text: playing. Susie is doing the talking, showing new paperwork
dialog: and photos.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Your hunch was right, boss, but it's
dialog: even spookier than we thought.
dialog: Starting in September '63 on, two
dialog: months before the assassination,
dialog: there are sightings of Oswald all
text: over Dallas, buying ammunition,
text: getting a telescopic sight fixed,
dialog: going to rifle ranges... Early
dialog: November, a Dallas downtown Lincoln-
dialog: Mercury dealership where he tells
dialog: the salesman Albert Bogard...
text: FLASHBACK TO the Lincoln-Mercury dealership. Oswald is
text: deliberately kept in half or three quarter shots - a mystery
text: figure. He kicks the tires on a used red Mercury Comet,
dialog: cocky.
dialog: "OSWALD"
dialog: Let's take it out for a test drive.
text: The salesman, Bogard, is hesitant. "Oswald" doesn't look
text: like he's got a dime to his name.
dialog: "OSWALD"
scene_heading: (SENSING BOGARD'S HESITANCY)
dialog: Hey, I got a lotta money coming in
dialog: the next two weeks.
text: In the next scene we see the car, driven by "Oswald", zooming
text: up the ramp and disappearing onto the freeway.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: ...despite the fact he has no license
dialog: and from what marina says, does not
dialog: know how to drive, he hits the curves
text: like Mario Andretti at the Indy 500.
dialog: Bogard later told his boss he drove
dialog: "like a madman."
text: Resume the scene at the dealership.
speaker_heading: BOGARD
dialog: Three hundred bucks down, Mr. Oswald,
dialog: you can drive outta here with it.
text: "Oswald", unhappy, starts to leave.
dialog: "OSWALD"
dialog: Who you kidding! For this heap?
dialog: Forget it... No honest working man
dialog: can afford a car anymore in the
dialog: goddamn country! Maybe I'll have to
dialog: go back to Russia to buy a car...
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: ... really dumb dialogue like he's
text: trying to draw attention to himself.
text: A real moron. He walks out. The
dialog: salesman remembers him as about 5'7",
dialog: but we know from his draft card he
dialog: was about 5'11"...
speaker_heading: LOU
text: ...several witnesses see him on
dialog: several separate days at different
text: firing ranges.
text: FLASHBACK TO a Dallas firing range in 1963.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: ...one time, November 9, he decides
dialog: he needs to practice on the target
text: of the guy next to him. Says
dialog: something really dumb to the guy,
dialog: who says Oswald was a great shot.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hey, watcha doing, boy... that's my
dialog: target.
dialog: "OSWALD"
dialog: Hey, sorry, buddy. I just thought
dialog: it was that sonofabitch Kennedy,
dialog: y'know. I couldn't help myself.
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (in present)
dialog: ...about as subtle as a cockroach
text: crawling across a white rug.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I'll go you one better, Lou. He
text: shows up at Silvia Odio's, a Cuban
dialog: lady in Dallas working in the anti-
dialog: Castro underground - remember that
text: name, a solid witness. The two Cubans
text: introduce him as "Leon Oswald".
text: FLASHBACK TO the corridor of Silvia Odio's apartment in Dallas
text: on a night in 1963. Oswald drags behind two Cubans - one is
text: "the Bull", heavyset with a scar over his left eye, who we
text: saw at the Canal Street incident, and the other, "the Indian",
text: is quiet and cold. The men ring the doorbell and talk to a
text: concerned Silvia as Oswald hangs back, watching, in the
text: shadows. The men give her intimate information about her
text: father, who is imprisoned in Cuba. The men chatter ad lib
dialog: in Spanish.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: ...the Cubans want Silvia, whose
dialog: parents are political prisoners in
dialog: Cuba, to help them raise money to
dialog: assassinate Castro. Something about
text: the men bothers her. She tells them
dialog: she doesn't want anything to do with
dialog: violence... about 48 hours later one
dialog: of the Cubans calls her back...
text: We see a shot of Silvia on the phone in her apartment intercut
text: with a shot of "the Bull" in a gas station phone booth, on a
dialog: night in 1963.
speaker_heading: THE BULL
dialog: (on the phone, in
dialog: Spanish)
dialog: This guy Leon Oswald's great, he's
dialog: kinda nut... he told us we don't
dialog: any guts, us Cubans, cause Kennedy
dialog: should've been whacked after the Bay
dialog: of Pigs, and some Cubans should've
dialog: done that, it's easy to do, he says -
dialog: you know he's a Marine, an expert
dialog: shooter...
text: Silvia Odio is surprised to hear this information volunteered.
text: "The Bull's" eyes are on "Oswaldo", outside the booth with
text: "the Indian". They're hanging out, talking to a mystery
dialog: man, an Anglo.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: It's like he's giving her information
text: she doesn't even ask for. She's
text: scared, doesn't see them again till
text: she sees Oswald's picture in the
dialog: paper. But the Warren Commission
dialog: says she has bad eyesight because
dialog: they have Oswald in Mexico at this
text: time, trying to get back into Cuba.
dialog: The Cubans think he's a double agent
dialog: so they won't take him. The CIA has
text: a camera outside the Cuban Embassy
dialog: and says this is Oswald in Mexico.
dialog: (hands over a picture)
dialog: You figure it.
text: Jim looks at the famous photo... the camera closes in on a
text: heavyset man who looks nothing like Oswald. Liz has come
text: back in and overhears.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: If this is Oswald, it must be our
dialog: third Oswald.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The interesting thing is the extent
dialog: to which the Warren Commission went
dialog: to make him a Communist. They got
text: almost 150 pages and 130 exhibits of
dialog: the report on this Mexico trip and
dialog: the picture doesn't even match. I'm
dialog: beginning to think the point of the
dialog: Mexican episode was to lay the blame
text: at Castro's door. If Oswald, or
text: someone purporting to be Oswald, had
dialog: gotten into Cuba, come back, then
dialog: killed the President, the American
dialog: public once again would've screamed
dialog: for a Cuban invasion...
text: Susie picks up the famous Life magazine cover shot of Oswald
text: holding a rifle in his backyard.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I even have doubts about this photo,
dialog: boss. It pretty much convicted Oswald
dialog: in the public mind. Well, according
dialog: to Captain Fritz, Oswald told him
dialog: during his interrogation the photo
dialog: was fake.
text: FLASHBACK TO the Dallas Homicide Office in 1963. Oswald is
text: being interrogated by Will Fritz, Dallas Homicide Chief, who
text: shows him the original of the photo from the Williams garage.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: That's not me.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
text: It came from Janet William's garage.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: Well, I never saw that picture. It
text: is my face, but my face has been
dialog: super-imposed - the rest of the
dialog: picture is not me at all. I've done
dialog: a lot of photographic work, and that
text: picture was made by someone else.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: So who the hell are you? Alex Hidell
dialog: or Oswald?
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: Well, you're the policeman, you work
dialog: it out.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: (in the present)
dialog: Oswald, who worked for Jaggars-Chiles-
dialog: Stovall, did know spy photography
dialog: pretty well. I took this picture to
dialog: two experts. Look at the way the
text: shadows on the nose fall in a straight
dialog: line like it's high noon. But the
text: shadow here on the ground reads like
text: late afternoon or early morning.
dialog: It's not the same time. Also look
text: at the crop marks across the chin.
text: It seems like his head is pasted on
text: somebody else's body implicating him
dialog: with this rifle and gun.
text: We see a blowup of the photo - the shadows, the crop mark.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: And of the two newspapers in his
dialog: hands, one is Leninist, the other
dialog: Trotskyite. Any genuine Socialist
dialog: would know they hate each other's
dialog: politics!
scene_heading: FRENCH QUARTER - SAME NIGHT(1967)
text: Broussard walks past a jazz wake leaving the cemetery - black
text: flambeurs carry torches, people sing "When the Saints Go
text: Marching in". Bill is with a local gambler type.
speaker_heading: MOBSTER
dialog: Clay Bertrand? Sure I know him. He
text: comes around the Quarter.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Who is he, Joe? I've been to every
dialog: bar, no one wants to talk.
speaker_heading: MOBSTER
dialog: I told your uncle I never met a lawman
dialog: who wasn't a punk. You too, Bill,
dialog: even if you're family. He's a big
dialog: shot businessman. I seen him on the
dialog: TV news a lot with all the other big
dialog: shots. A fag, you know. Goes by
dialog: another name down here.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (excited)
dialog: What's the other name?
speaker_heading: MOBSTER
dialog: Shaw. Clay Shaw.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw? The guy
dialog: who used to run the International
dialog: Trade Mart?
speaker_heading: MOBSTER
dialog: Yeah, what's the big mystery?
dialog: Everybody down here knows the guy.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: So why does he call himself Bertrand?
speaker_heading: MOBSTER
dialog: Who gives a shit what he calls
dialog: himself?
scene_heading: BACK AT GARRISON'S HOME -(1967)
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: ...now it gets positively spooky.
dialog: In January, 1961 - in New Orleans,
dialog: at the Bolton Ford Dealership - when
dialog: the Oswald we know is in Russia -
text: there is a man using the name "Oswald"
dialog: to buy trucks for the Friends of
dialog: Democratic Cuba. The salesman never
dialog: saw him again, but guess who's on
dialog: the articles of incorporation of the
dialog: Friends of Democratic Cuba? Guy
dialog: Banister.
dialog: (reactions from the
dialog: others)
dialog: Banister has someone using the name
dialog: "Oswald" to buy the trucks. Hoover,
text: at the FBI, writes a memo dated June,
dialog: 1960, that there could be someone
text: using Oswald's passport and identity.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Goddamn! They put Oswald together
dialog: from Day One! Like some dummy
dialog: corporation in the Bahamas - you
dialog: just move him around a board. Sent
dialog: him to Russia, in and out, no passport
dialog: problems. You got the word
dialog: "microdots" in his notebook, you got
text: the Minox camera and the electronic
text: devices they find in his possessions,
text: the sealed DIZ201 personnel file.
dialog: For all we know, there could be a
dialog: dozen Oswalds in different cities,
dialog: countries - all of them leaving a
text: trail of incriminating evidence that
dialog: could easily be traced to a scapegoat
dialog: after the assassination. Does the
dialog: real Oswald know he's been put
dialog: together? Who knows. It doesn't
dialog: matter, does it? He's a low level
dialog: spy, he doesn't know who he really
dialog: works for...
speaker_heading: (PAUSE)
dialog: Let's call it a night.
dialog: (to Lou)
dialog: Anything new on Ruby?
text: The staff members, anxious to go home, have all risen... and
dialog: now sigh.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Mobbed up all the way. Tight with
dialog: the Dallas cops. I'm digging, chief.
dialog: I just need 10 more men and some
dialog: more dollars.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know you do, Lou. I'm doing three
dialog: more lectures this month. You're
dialog: all doing an incredible job, Sue,
dialog: Al, Numa. But this is one where if
dialog: you don't nail the other guy, you're
dialog: dead.
text: (he pulls a book from
dialog: the bookcase for Lou)
dialog: How did Jack Ruby dies so quick? Of
dialog: what? Cancer, right? A history of
dialog: Nazi Germany, Lou. They were studying
dialog: viral cancers as a weapon in the
dialog: 30's. We learned a lot more than
dialog: you think from the Nazis. Read this.
dialog: Our biological warfare lab is in
text: Fort Detrick, Maryland. Close to
dialog: where the National Cancer Institute
dialog: is located. Think about it. Think
dialog: the unthinkable - question everything.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Even my own wife, chief,
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: Who's wondering where I am?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (looking at Liz)
dialog: Even your own wife, Numa. Any of
dialog: you want to quit, do me a favor...
dialog: put us out of our misery.
text: They all raise their hands as Bill walks in, excited.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I fould Clay Bertrand.
dialog: They all stop, look.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Grab your socks and pull... Clay
dialog: Bertrand is Clay Shaw...
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: No!... Shaw! Director of The Trade
dialog: Mart? This is incredible.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Pillar of the community by day, gay
dialog: bars at night.
text: Liz Garrison is the most shaken, as she pours a fresh pot of
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Can you get some sworn statements?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: That's gonna be tough. Nobody's
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I think we should have him in for a
dialog: little talk.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Do you have any evidence against
dialog: him, Jim? Clay Shaw's done so much
dialog: for the city with all that restoration
dialog: in the Quarter. He's well connected,
dialog: all his friends, the money, people,
dialog: be careful, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It'll be off the record, honey.
dialog: I'll bring him in on a Sunday. A
text: quiet little chat between gentlemen.
text: Liz walks out of the room silent. There is a tense pause.
scene_heading: GARRISON'S LIVING ROOM - EASTER SUNDAY(1967)
text: The TV is on to the latest Vietnam Reports - combat footage.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 10
dialog: (announcer)
dialog: In heavy fighting in Vietnam today,
dialog: seven more American soldiers died
dialog: and 23 were wounded. The body count
dialog: for this week now stands at 67
dialog: Americans and 626 enemy soldiers
dialog: killed in action.
text: Liz plays with the kids looking for Easter eggs. The dog is
text: barking - it's a scene of commotion. Jim is getting ready
dialog: to go out.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Jim, come on, honey, get down on
dialog: your hands and knees and hunt for
text: Jasper's Easter egg.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You know I don't like these tribal
dialog: rituals, Freckle Face. I'm
dialog: interviewing Clay Shaw this morning.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 10
dialog: (as TV cuts to
dialog: President Johnson)
text: President Johnson, meanwhile at an
dialog: informal press conference, said he
dialog: regretted that there is no end in
dialog: sight to the war in Vietnam, where
text: 500,000 American troops are now
dialog: fighting. "We face more cost, more
dialog: loss, and more agony." In his
dialog: proposal to raise taxes, Johnson...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: But Jim, we're going to Antoine's
dialog: with the kids - like we do every
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No. I told you I was going to talk
dialog: to Shaw.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: But why in the Lord's name would you
dialog: do it in the middle of Easter Sunday
dialog: when you knew we were...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (annoyed with her
dialog: look)
dialog: Because when I scheduled it I didn't
dialog: realize it was a holiday. You were
dialog: there, why didn't you say something?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Look at the calendar, for Christ's
dialog: sake. You said a Sunday, not Easter
dialog: Sunday.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm sorry, but it's important. Clay
dialog: Shaw is important. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You're missing most of your life,
dialog: Jim, and you don't even know it.
text: The kids are missing out too.
dialog: (harder)
dialog: It's not just you making the sacrifice
dialog: here, honey.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Look, I'll rush and be there by two,
dialog: I promise. Go ahead without me.
text: As he leaves, the camera holds on Liz.
scene_heading: GARRISON OFFICE - (1967)
text: Clay Shaw ("Bertrand"), in an elegant white summer suit, is
text: shown in. Indeed, there is a slight limp to his gait which
text: Jim notices right away.
text: He shares a look with Bill. Susie is also in the room.
text: Shaw's rich bassoon voice drips with dialect. Imperiously
text: smoking a Gaulois, Shaw has about him an air of authority
text: matched only by Jim's.
speaker_heading: CLAY SHAW
dialog: Mr. Garrison - what can I do for you
dialog: on Easter Sunday?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Shaw, to interrupt
dialog: this holiday, but I feel this is a
dialog: conversation we might better have
dialog: out of the everyday bustle in this
dialog: office...
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: I'm not sure I understand.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (bringing some papers
dialog: forward)
dialog: Well... in an investigation we're
dialog: conducting your name has come up a
dialog: number of times.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: I wouldn't imagine where.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We recently talked to a number of
dialog: men who claim to know you. Are you
dialog: acquainted with a David Logan?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: No. Never heard of him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A Perry Russo?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A Willie O'Keefe?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: No, I don't believe I know anyone by
dialog: that name.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mr. O'Keefe told us he met you at
dialog: the Masquerade Bar down in the Quarter
dialog: and several evenings later you had
dialog: him over for dinner at your apartment
dialog: on Dauphine Street. Do you recall
dialog: that?
text: FLASHBACK TO Clay's Dauphine Street residence, in the Quarter,
text: at night in 1962. The butler opens the door and O'Keefe is
text: admitted to the townhouse. Shaw appears behind the butler.
speaker_heading: SHAW (V.O.)
dialog: (in present)
dialog: Of course not. I don't know this
dialog: man. Obviously then, I wouldn't
dialog: have him to dinner. Incidentally, I
dialog: do not live in an apartment. It's
text: an 1860's house built by Gallier.
dialog: I've restored it faithfully. You
dialog: know I am quite an advocate of
dialog: restoration.
text: At Shaw's house, dinner is served at a long table by the
text: black butler. The table is decorated by a sumptuous setting
text: of silver and candelabra.
text: Shaw uses a bell to summon the butler.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Perhaps a few more details about the
dialog: evening will refresh your memory.
dialog: Mr. O'Keefe told us dinner was served
text: by a uniformed waiter - a colored
dialog: man. He particularly remembers that
dialog: you sat at one end and he at the
dialog: other - which he found rather unusual
dialog: because the table was so long. Does
dialog: that bring back memories of Willie
dialog: O'Keefe?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: (in present)
dialog: Not at all. But on the other hand,
dialog: I do have a lovely Chippendale dining
dialog: table and I often have a friend over
text: sitting at one end while I sit at
dialog: the other. That is precisely the
text: point of a long dining table. The
text: splendor of the meal adds to the
dialog: enjoyment of it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I would imagine a uniformed waiter
dialog: helps.
speaker_heading: SHAW
text: It adds a taste of elegance for which
dialog: I must confess a weakness for now
dialog: and then. I call him Smedley. His
dialog: real name is Frankie Jenkins - but I
dialog: could hardly imagine anything more
dialog: uncouth during dinner than my turning
text: toward the kitchen and hollering
dialog: "Frankie!" .. Where is this leading
dialog: to, Mr. Garrison?
text: Willie O'Keefe and Clay Shaw leave the dining table.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: After dinner you paid him to have
dialog: sex with you.
speaker_heading: SHAW (V.O.)
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Pffft! Absolute nonsense. The
text: Quarter is filled with vivid
dialog: imaginations, my dear Mr. Garrison -
dialog: grimy young hoodlums who'll say and
dialog: do anything. As you well know.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: ...in the course of that night, Mr.
dialog: O'Keefe said a man named David Ferrie
dialog: stopped by the house... along with
dialog: another young man...
text: At Shaw's townhouse, we see Ferrie coming in, with another
text: young chicken.
speaker_heading: SHAW (V.O.)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: David Ferrie.
speaker_heading: SHAW (V.O.)
dialog: No. I have never known anyone by
dialog: that name. Of course never having
dialog: met Mr. O'Keefe I could hardly have
dialog: met Mr. Ferrie...
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: ...and that the four of you partied
dialog: early into the morning hours...
text: We see the four men in drag, smiling for the flash camera,
text: champagne bottles in hand. Ferrie sniffs some poppers, then
text: shoves a popper in Shaw's face.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (to Shaw)
dialog: You're mine, Mary. Go get the fucking
dialog: tools out, bitch. Now! I want some
dialog: ass.
text: Ferrie forces more poppers on Shaw. The camera movies to
text: Shaw's bedroom, where Ferrie scatters a drawer full of leather
dialog: tools.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (to Shaw)
dialog: Come here, bitch.
dialog: (Ferrie grabs Shaw by
dialog: the hair)
dialog: You want this? The only way you get
dialog: this is do what I say.
dialog: (Ferrie whacks Shaw)
dialog: I'm the man. Don't ever forget it.
text: (Shaw begs and whines)
dialog: You want it? You want it?
dialog: (Ferrie spits on Shaw)
dialog: Fuck you and your rich friends.
dialog: You're nothing but a rich whore!
dialog: You're my woman! Get the cat!
dialog: (to young man)
dialog: Strip! Now, woman. I want to see
dialog: skin.
text: BACK TO Garrison's office.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (in present)
dialog: Let me show you his picture.
dialog: (he hands Shaw a
dialog: general photo of
dialog: Ferrie)
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: (in present)
dialog: No. I'm sure I've never met anyone
dialog: of such a bizarre appearance.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Does the name Clay Bertrand mean
dialog: anything to you?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Clay Bertrand? Clay Bertrand? I
dialog: believe there was a man with a name
dialog: similar to that who worked at the
dialog: Chamber of Commerce. Is that the
dialog: man you had in mind?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, it was not. Do you know an
dialog: attorney by the name of Dean Andrews?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: One meets so many attorneys in my
dialog: business. No, I don't believe I
dialog: know Dean Andrews.
text: Jim is getting incredibly irritated. He feels Shaw is lying.
text: CUT TO Antoine's Restaurant, where Liz and all five kids
dialog: look at menus.
speaker_heading: SNAPPER
dialog: I'm hungry! When're we gonna eat!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: We're going to start without him and
dialog: he'll be here for dessert. Snapper,
dialog: you put that back!
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: I want a Shirley Temple!
speaker_heading: SNAPPER
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: When's Daddy coming, Mama?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Soon. He's real sorry he can't start
dialog: with us but he's promised to be here.
text: BACK TO Garrison's office later that day. Everyone looks
text: tired as the questioning goes on. Shaw sucks on endless
dialog: Gauloises.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (handing a photo to
dialog: Shaw)
dialog: Mr. Shaw, can you identify this man?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Naturally.
dialog: (he looks up)
dialog: Are you claiming, Mr. Garrison, that
dialog: Mr. Oswald also had dinner with me?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (humorless)
dialog: Mr. Shaw, did you ever meet Lee Harvey
dialog: Oswald?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: You really have me consorting with a
dialog: cast of sordid characters, don't
dialog: you, Mr. Garrison.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Please answer the question.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Of course not! Such a pity, that
dialog: assassination. In fact, I admired
dialog: President Kennedy. A man with true
text: panache, and a wife with impeccable
dialog: taste.
text: Jim shows Shaw a newspaper clipping.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mr. Shaw, this is an Italian newspaper
dialog: article saying you were a member of
dialog: the Board of Centro Mondo Commerciale
dialog: in Italy, that this company was a
dialog: creature of the CIA for the transfer
dialog: of funds in Italy for illegal
dialog: political-espionage activities. It
dialog: says that this company was expelled
dialog: from Italy for those activities.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: I'm well aware of this asinine
dialog: article. And I am thinking very
dialog: seriously of suing this rag of a
dialog: newspaper.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It says that this company has heavily
dialog: Fascist ties to the French secret
dialog: army organization that tried to
dialog: assassinate de Gaulle in 1960.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Nonsense. What next?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...and that this company is linked
dialog: to the Schlumber tool company here
dialog: in Houma, Louisiana - which is where
dialog: their arms may have come from to
dialog: David Ferrie and his Cubans...
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Mr. Garrison, you're reaching. I am
dialog: an international businessman. The
dialog: Trade Mart which I founded is
dialog: America's commercial pipeline to
dialog: Latin America. I trade everywhere.
dialog: I am accused, as are all businessmen,
dialog: of all things. I somehow go about
dialog: my business, make money, help society
dialog: the best I can and try to promote
dialog: free trade in this world.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mr. Shaw, have you ever been a
dialog: contract agent with the Central
dialog: Intelligence Agency?
text: Shaw glares at him. Silence.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: (with powerful contempt)
dialog: And if I was, Mr. Garrison... do you
dialog: think I would be here today... talking
dialog: to somebody like you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, people like you don't have to, I
dialog: guess - people like you walk between
text: the raindrops.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: (rising)
dialog: May I go? Regardless of what you
dialog: may think of me, Mr. Garrison, I am
dialog: a patriot first and foremost.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I've spent half my life in the United
dialog: States military serving and defending
dialog: this great country, Mr. Shaw, and
dialog: you're the first person I ever met
dialog: who considered it an act of patriotism
dialog: to kill his own president.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Now just a minute, sir! You're way
dialog: out of line!
text: Susie and Bill quiet Jim down.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Come on, chief.
dialog: (as he shows Shaw to
dialog: the door)
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Shaw, it's getting
dialog: late. That's all the questions we
dialog: have. Thank you for your honesty
dialog: and for coming in today.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: I enjoyed meeting with you gentlemen,
dialog: and you, Miss Cox. It was most
dialog: pleasant. I wish to extend to each
dialog: of you - and to each of your families -
dialog: my best wishes for a happy Easter.
dialog: (he exits.)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (beat, excited)
dialog: "One may smile and smile and be a
dialog: villain." Goddammit! We got one of
dialog: 'em!
scene_heading: GARRISON'S HOME THAT NIGHT (1967)
text: Jim walks in, contrite. Liz is shutting down the house.
text: Some of the kids are still up.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Daddy! Where have you been?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (kisses Liz)
dialog: Hi, Freckle Face.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (seething)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Tough day.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: My sympathies.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Liz, I'm really sorry. The meeting
dialog: went much longer than expected.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: We waited for you... hours, Jim.
dialog: You could have telephoned, for God's
dialog: sake. It's Easter! You promised,
dialog: Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know what to say except I'm
dialog: sorry. I just don't have rabbits on
dialog: my mind.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I think you care more about John
dialog: Kennedy than your family! All day
dialog: long the kids are asking, "Where's
dialog: Daddy?" What am I supposed to tell
dialog: your kids, Jim!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know what to tell them. How
dialog: 'bout the truth - I'm doing my job
dialog: to make sure they can grow up in a
dialog: country where justice won't be an
dialog: arcane, vanished idea they read about
dialog: in history books, like the dinosaurs
dialog: or the lost continent of Atlantis.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: That sounds dandy, but it doesn't
dialog: replace a father and a husband on
dialog: Easter Day.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (angry, turns away)
dialog: It's going to get worse, honey.
scene_heading: GARRISON'S OFFICE HALLWAY - MORNING(1967)
text: Jim, is coming down the corridor with Broussard, is confronted
text: by some 20 local journalists and TV crew members. We hear a
text: hubbub of fierce questioning - ad libs but Jim, puzzled,
text: brushes by, seeking refuge in his office. Lou, Al, Numa and
text: Susie are all waiting for him. The regular staff - some 30
text: people - are looking, wondering. Lou presents him with the
text: front page of the New Orleans States-Item.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Congratulations, Boss - you're page
dialog: one!
text: We see a close-up of the headline: "D.A. LAUNCHES FULL J.F.K.
scene_heading: DEATH PLOT PROBE - Mysterious Trips Cost Large Sums."
scene_heading: INSIDE GARRISON'S OFFICE
speaker_heading: JIM
text: (striding into his
dialog: office reading the
dialog: paper)
dialog: Goddamn Sam!
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: And it ain't pretty
dialog: (reading the copy)
dialog: ..."the AD has spent more than $8,000
dialog: on unexplained travel and
dialog: investigative expenses since November,
dialog: 1966.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: They went to the public records and
dialog: got the vouchers we requested for
dialog: withdrawals.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Shaw must've gotten them on our tail.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Could be Ferrie, Martin, Andrews,
dialog: any of 'em.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: We didn't talk to Ruby 'cause of
dialog: them and they're on our asses for a
dialog: measly $8,000!
text: Jim, at his desk, finishes reading the article. A huge
text: picture of him is on the front page. He puts down the paper,
text: reaching for a long, gold pen that is part of the desk set.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They hunted down the news, it's their
dialog: business. Getting angry doesn't
dialog: accomplish a damned thing, but this
dialog: changes everything. We either pull
dialog: out now or we go through some heavy
dialog: flack together.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Bear in mind, each of you, this may
dialog: affect the rest of your careers,
dialog: your lives...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...if any of you pull out, I assure
dialog: you I will bear no ill feelings
dialog: towards that person and will reassign
dialog: you to regular duties.
dialog: No takers.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There it is then. Thank you. It
dialog: means very much to me. I'm giving
dialog: this office $6,000 from my National
dialog: Guard savings so we can continue. I
dialog: will make speeches where I can to
dialog: pick up additional money. Some local
text: businessmen are putting together a
dialog: fund for us and...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (coming in)
dialog: Mr. Garrison, what shall I tell them?
text: They're piling up outside the door.
dialog: They want a statement, the phones
dialog: are going crazier than bugs on a
dialog: cake.
text: Everyone waits. Jim stands, repacks his briefcase with papers
text: and reference books and heads for the back door elevator.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Neither confirm, deny, nor discuss,
dialog: Sharon. Goodbye, ladies, gentlemen,
dialog: I'm going home where I can get a
dialog: decent day's work done.
scene_heading: LOU IVON'S APARMTENT - NEW ORLEANS -(1967)
text: Lou drinks a beer in front of the TV news in his small
text: bachelor apartment. A fan is blowing.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 11
dialog: (editorial)
text: Mr. Garrison's own silence on the
dialog: subject has raised some interesting
dialog: questions. With taxpayer money has
dialog: he uncovered some valuable new
dialog: evidence or is he merely saving the
dialog: information which will gain for him
dialog: exposure on a national level? Mr.
dialog: Garrison it seems, should have some
dialog: explanation.
text: The phone rings and Ivon picks it up.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: DAVE FERRIE (V.O.)
dialog: (very agitated)
dialog: Did your office plant that garbage
dialog: in the fucking paper?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: FERRIE (V.O.)
dialog: You know damn well who it is.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Dave?
speaker_heading: FERRIE (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, you got it. Since you're the
dialog: only straight shooter in that fuckin'
dialog: office, I'd like an answer from you.
dialog: Did you plant it?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Dave, do you think we're out of our
dialog: minds? The whole building's been a
dialog: zoo since that broke. We can't get
dialog: a thing done. Reporters crawling
dialog: everywhere. You think we want that?
text: We see Ferrie in a phone booth on the street outside his
text: apartment house in the French Quarter. He's a nervous wreck,
text: watching the reporters and TV cameras surrounding his place,
text: waiting for him.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Somebody planted that fucking story!
dialog: And somebody tipped off the press
dialog: I'm one of Garrison's fucking
dialog: suspects. I can't go home.
text: I'm out on the street. The maggots
dialog: are everywhere! Do you know what
dialog: you've done to me? It's all over
dialog: the national news now. You know
dialog: what you've done to me?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Calm down, Dave, what?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: I'm a dead man! From here on, believe
dialog: me, I'm a dead man.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: What are you talking about, Dave?
dialog: You weren't mentioned in the story.
dialog: Don't jump to conclusions.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: You think your investigation's been
dialog: all that secret? You know, when you
dialog: talk to people, they talk to other
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: What did they...
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: You still questioning any Cubans?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Dave, you know that's where this
dialog: road leads.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
text: It leads farther than that.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Dave, just calm down. Meet me in
dialog: the lobby of the Fontainbleau in 20
dialog: minutes. I'll have a suite reserved
dialog: for you under an assumed name.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: The Fontainbleau? 20 minutes?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Yeah. Come on, Dave, come on our
dialog: side. I guarantee you the boss'll
dialog: protect you...
dialog: (there's a long silence
dialog: as Ferrie, torn,
dialog: agonizes)
dialog: Dave?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (dreamy)
dialog: ...give me protection?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Yeah! He'd kill for you Dave. He
dialog: likes you. Your mind.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: I got no place to sleep. I'll meet
dialog: you in 20 minutes.
text: Ferrie hangs up. Pause. At his end, Lou Ivon hangs up,
text: excited.
scene_heading: GARRISON'S HOME - NIGHT(1967)
text: The phone rings. Liz picks it up. Jim is watching the TV
text: news: Martin Luther King is delivering a speech against the
dialog: Vietnam War.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: President Kennedy said on one
dialog: occasion, "Mankind must put an end
dialog: to war, or war will put an end to
dialog: mankind." I pray God that America
dialog: will hear this before it's too late,
dialog: because today we're fighting a war
dialog: I'm convinced is one of the most
dialog: unjust wars that has ever been fought
dialog: in the history of the world.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (on the phone
dialog: meanwhile, testy)
dialog: No, he's not here now. And he would
dialog: not take calls here if he were! So
dialog: please call the office number. Thank
dialog: you.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: Two of them even had the gall to
dialog: come to the door this afternoon, one
dialog: all the way from England.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Did they live?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It's not funny, Jim, I'm scared.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't be. Nothing to be scared about,
dialog: honey, I been through four years of
dialog: war - this is nothing.
text: The phone rings again.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: ...sending them 8,000 miles away to
dialog: guarantee liberties in Southeast
dialog: Asia which they have not found in
dialog: Southwest Georgia or East Harlem.
dialog: So we have been repeatedly faced
text: with the cruel irony of watching
dialog: Negro and white boys on TV screens
dialog: as they kill and die for a nation
dialog: that has been unable to seat them
dialog: together in the same school.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I haven't, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nothing is going to happen to you.
dialog: I won't let it.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Leave us ALONE for God's sake!
dialog: (recognizes the voice)
dialog: ...Oh, it's Lou.
scene_heading: FONTAINBLEAU HOTEL SUITE - THAT NIGHT
text: Jim and Lou watch as Ferrie paces wildly, speeding.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: I'm caught in the middle. They're
text: after me. It's almost over.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Listen, Dave, why don't we order
dialog: some room service, have a bite, relax.
dialog: I'll stay as long as you want.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: I don't know who to trust anymore.
dialog: Yeah, sure I could use a pot of hot
text: coffee and a few packs of Camels.
dialog: You got anything new in the
dialog: investigation?
text: As Lou picks up the phone and orders room service, Jim
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You mean about the Cubans getting
dialog: trained north of the lake?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (incoherent)
dialog: Oh, you got that? Banister's pet
dialog: project. Getting paid by the
dialog: government to work against the
dialog: government. Beautiful. What a mind
dialog: he had, what a guy, Guy. He had all
dialog: those files.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Who was paying you, Dave?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: You think I was a getaway pilot for
dialog: the assassination, don't you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know. Were you?
dialog: (Dave laughs)
dialog: Who you scared of, Dave?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Everybody! The Agency. The Mob.
dialog: The Cubans. Yeah, follow the Cubans.
dialog: Check them out. Here, in Dallas,
dialog: Miami. Check out a guy named Eladio
dialog: del Valle. My paymaster when I flew
dialog: missions into Cuba - he's somewhere
dialog: in Miami. You're on the right track.
text: Lou writes it down. Seeing him writing makes Ferrie even
dialog: more paranoid.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Hold it! Hold it! I'm not
dialog: cooperating with anyone. There's a
dialog: death warrant for me, don't you get
dialog: it? Wait a minute. You're not
dialog: bugged, are you?
text: He feels Lou for bugs, but out of a sense of hierarchy,
text: ignores Jim. He checks around the room - the phone, behind
text: paintings, flower vase, light fixtures - as the batty
dialog: conversation continues:
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Dave, I always play square. No bugs.
dialog: I'd love you to go on the record,
dialog: but I"m in no hurry. Whenever you're
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (checking the room)
dialog: I don't have much time. They don't
dialog: even need bugs anymore. They got
dialog: these fuckin' satellite waves. They
dialog: put a bug in a friend of mine when
dialog: he was born, right up his nostrils,
text: subcutaneous, between his eyes. He
dialog: was one of those products of a
text: crossbreading experiment. A Nazi
dialog: rocket scientist father and a Commie
dialog: spy mother. You'd never believe
dialog: half the shit the Agency does.
dialog: (holding his neck)
dialog: I'm so fuckin' tired. Haven't slept
dialog: since that shit article came out.
dialog: Why'd you guys have to go and get me
dialog: involved with this?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Did we involve you, Dave, or did
dialog: Clay Shaw?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: That cocksuckin' faggot! He's got
dialog: me by the balls.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Photographs - compromising stuff.
dialog: And he'll use 'em. The Agency plays
dialog: for keeps...
dialog: (checks the room for
dialog: bugs)
dialog: I knew Oswald. He was in my Civil
dialog: Air Patrol unit. I taught him
dialog: everything. A "wanna be," y'know,
dialog: nobody really liked him cause he was
dialog: a snitch. I treated him good. He'd
dialog: talk about his kid, y'know, really
dialog: wanted her to grow up with a chance,
dialog: but... He got a raw deal. The Agency
dialog: fucked him. Just like they're gonna
dialog: fuck me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let me get this straight, now. Clay
dialog: Shaw is blackmailing you?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Fuckin' A. How do you think the
dialog: Agency gets people to do their
dialog: bullshit? Fuck knows what they got
dialog: on Oswald!
text: Room service knocks, and Ferrie jumps and rushes to the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: BELLHOP (V.O.)
dialog: Room service.
text: Jim whispers something and Lou goes to the door, takes the
text: service table without letting the bellhop in. Jim, excited
text: but trying to stay even, continues with Ferrie.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Was it the same Oswald, Dave, that
dialog: was in Dallas, or was it an
text: impersonator.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Same one. I didn't know no
text: impersonator.
text: FLASHBACK TO Ferrie at the party with Oswald (obscured) per
text: Willie O'Keefe's witness. Jim, in the present, doesn't feel
dialog: right about it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Did you take a good look at the TV
dialog: when they had Oswald?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (shrugs, can't be
dialog: bothered)
dialog: Black, black - just give it to me.
dialog: (takes the fresh coffee
dialog: from Lou, lights a
dialog: Camel)
text: Shit. I'm so exhausted. My neck is
dialog: killing me. I've got cancer. Had
dialog: it for years. I been working with
dialog: mice, y'know, trying to come up with
dialog: a cure.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dave, can I just ask you this
dialog: directly? Did you ever work for the
dialog: CIA?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You make it sound like some remote
dialog: fuckin' experience in ancient history.
dialog: Man, you never leave the Agency.
dialog: Once they got you, you're in for
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And Shaw?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Shaw's an "untouchable", man - highest
dialog: clearance. Shaw, Oswald, the Cubans -
dialog: all Agency.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What about Ruby?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Jack? Jack was a pimp. A bagman in
dialog: Dallas for the Mob. He used to run
dialog: guns to Castro when he was still on
dialog: our side. Check out Jack Youngblood.
dialog: Shit - we almost had Castro. Then
dialog: we tried to whack him. Everybody's
dialog: flipping sides all the time. It's
dialog: fun 'n' games, man fun 'n' games.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: What about the mob, Dave? How do
dialog: they figure in this?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: They're Agency, too. Don't you get
dialog: it? CIA and Mafia together. Trying
dialog: to whack out the Beard. Mutual
dialog: interests. They been doing it for
dialog: years. There's more to this than
dialog: you dream. FBI fucking hates the
dialog: CIA. Navy Intelligence got something
dialog: to do with it too. Check out "Alan
dialog: Pope" in Miami. Jack Youngblood.
dialog: Bill Harvey. Colonel Roselli. The
dialog: shooter, I hear, was a Dallas cop -
dialog: the bagman at Ruby's club. I heard
dialog: he shot his own partner. Got that?
dialog: Check out the rich fucks in Dallas.
dialog: H.L. Hunt. He's dirty. That's all
dialog: I know. But the Agency always runs
dialog: the show. Check out something called
dialog: "Mongoose" Operation Mongoose.
dialog: Government, Pentagon stuff, they're
dialog: in charge, but who the fuck pulls
dialog: whose chain who the fuck knows, fun
dialog: 'n' games man - check out Southeast
dialog: Asia - that's the next big number -
dialog: the heroin trail. "Oh, what a deadly
dialog: web we weave when we practice to
dialog: deceive."
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Then who killed the President?
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Oh man, why don't you stop. This is
dialog: too fuckin' big for you! Who did
text: Kennedy? It's a mystery wrapped in
text: a riddle inside an enigma. Even the
dialog: shooters don't fuckin' know! Don't
dialog: you get it yet? I can't be talking
dialog: like this. They're gonna kill me.
dialog: I'm gonna die!
text: (he sits down,
text: cracking, sobbing)
dialog: I don't know what happened. All I
dialog: wanted in the world was to be a
dialog: Catholic priest - live in a monastery,
dialog: study ancient Latin manuscripts,
dialog: pray, serve God. But I had this one
dialog: terrible, fatal weakness. They
dialog: defrocked me. And then I started to
dialog: lose everything.
text: He bows his head, holding it in his hands, and his wig starts
text: to come off in his hands.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Shit! Forgot to glue this fuckin'
dialog: rug today. You know, at one time I
dialog: even had a full head of hair like
dialog: everyone else. And then I lost that.
dialog: That fuckin' Clay Shaw. I hate the
dialog: bastard. All I got left is in his
text: rotten, bloody hands. He tipped the
dialog: newspapers - I know it. That's how
dialog: the Agency works. They use people,
dialog: chew them up, spit 'em out. Now
dialog: it's my turn.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (empathetic)
dialog: Dave, it's going to be okay. Just
dialog: talk to us on the record and we'll
dialog: protect you. I guarantee it.
text: There's a long silence. Ferrie, spent, stares at Jim. He's
dialog: about to crack, but...
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: They'll get to you, too - they'll
dialog: destroy you... They're untouchable,
dialog: man...
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'm so fucking exhausted I can't see
dialog: straight.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Get some rest, Dave, and you'll feel
dialog: better in the morning. We'll talk
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: FERRIE
dialog: Yeah, yeah. But leave me alone for
dialog: awhile. I got to make some calls.
text: His eyes are going again. Deals... intrigue - thru the tears.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Whatever you say, Dave. I'll be
dialog: home. Okay?
text: Lou and Jim share a look.
scene_heading: CORRIDOR OF GARRISON'S OFFICE - A FEW DAYS LATER(1967)
text: A mob scene. Press from the U.S. and all over the world are
text: filling the corridor. A French reporter tries to get past
text: the receptionist as Numa passes him with a stack of mail.
text: Also in the hall are many individual citizens who have come
text: to give tips and theories. One of them is dressed as Satan
text: in a red jump suit with mask, horns, tail and a pitchfork.
speaker_heading: FRENCH REPORTER
dialog: (waving credentials)
dialog: Paris Match. We are the largest
dialog: magazine in all of France.
speaker_heading: SOVIET REPORTER
dialog: My name is Bulgarinov. I am with
dialog: Literaturnaya Gazeta of Moscow.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN REPORTER
text: Bill Turner. Ramparts.
text: A mailman, black, comes through lugging three sacks of mail.
speaker_heading: MAILMAN
text: Coming through, out of the way.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: You know who killed the President?
text: Mr. Garrison is busy but his
dialog: assistant...
text: A camera moves by into the interior offices.
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF OFFICE SHOTS:
scene_heading: BILL BROUSSARD'S OFFICE
text: A man with the demeanor of Julius
text: Caesar walks into Bill's office.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: (raising arm)
dialog: Hail! Et tu, Brutus?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: And you, too, my friend.
text: Bill escorts him out before he gets the chance to sit down,
text: and then heads for Jim's office.
scene_heading: JIM GARRISON'S OFFICE
text: Numa joins Jim with a stack of new
dialog: mail.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Love a duck! It takes twenty minutes
dialog: to get into this office these days.
dialog: Are we famous or what?
text: Jim is reading Newsweek, deeply hurt. There are newspapers
text: all over his desk.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Notorious is more like it. "Jim
dialog: Garrison is right. There has been a
dialog: conspiracy in New Orleans - but it's
dialog: a plot of Garrison's own making"...
dialog: and this - "one of the D.A.'s
dialog: investigators offered an unwilling
dialog: witness $3000 if only he would fill
dialog: in the facts of the alleged meeting
dialog: to plot the death of the President"...
dialog: How can they write that? Where did
dialog: they come up with this? ...
dialog: (sorting through others)
dialog: "A charlatan," "power-mad," a "hulking
dialog: D.A."
dialog: (New York Post)
dialog: "Morbid Frolic in New Orleans."
text: Bill has come in during this, completely frazzled.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: The crazies have taken over the
dialog: asylum! It's a zoo out there.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Sensational garbage sells newspapers,
dialog: Jim. What else is new? Look at the
dialog: thousands of letters you're getting.
dialog: That's where the heart of the country
dialog: is.
dialog: (reads from one)
dialog: "Dear Mr. Garrison, God bless you
dialog: for having the courage to go after
dialog: the murderers of President Kennedy.
dialog: Please don't stop till they're behind
dialog: bars. I am a beautician here in
dialog: Hannibal, Missouri, and my husband
text: is a janitor in the local high school.
dialog: We have four kids and not an extra
dialog: lot of money but we enclose a
dialog: contribution to help with your work.
dialog: We are praying for you. God bless,
dialog: Judith Hardy, Hannibal, Missouri."
text: Numa pulls a dollar bill from the envelope.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: That's what it's about, boss. For
dialog: every lousy article in the press
dialog: there's a hundred of these.
text: Jim is moved. Bill is not.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: That's fine, Numa, but what about
dialog: all the people who aren't writing
text: letters. They're sitting home reading
dialog: all these lies. I just heard NBC
dialog: crew's in town to do a "White Paper" -
dialog: not on the Kennedy killing, but on
dialog: us. One of their top guys, Harry
dialog: Stoner, is talking to everybody he
dialog: can find about you, boss...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh Jesus, Stoner!... Why doesn't he
dialog: call me?
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: What do you want to do, Bill - fold
dialog: up and close the store? You sound
dialog: like it.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Look, this is bigger than all of us.
dialog: We can't try a case in this
dialog: atmosphere.
text: Sharon has come in during this, signalling to Jim.
speaker_heading: SHARON
text: Mr. Miller's been waiting.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Oh! Send him in.
dialog: (to Numa)
dialog: Denver oilman wants to support the
dialog: investigation.
dialog: (specifically to Bill)
dialog: Bill, I know what you're thinking,
dialog: but sometimes when it makes no sense
dialog: that's exactly when you just gotta
dialog: stick to it, head down.
text: Sharon shows in Mr. Miller, the Denver oilman. He's a self-
text: assured, impressive man in his 50's with a western accent,
text: cowboy boots and hat, and a well-cut gabardine suit.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Welcome, Mr. Miller. Jim Garrison.
dialog: Would you care for some coffee?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Yes, thank you, Mr. Garrison. Your
dialog: coffee's almost Turkish down here
dialog: but I could get used to it.
text: Numa leaves. Bill indicates he'd like to sit in. Jim nods
text: okay. Miller pays no attention to Bill.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I'm glad you could find time to see
dialog: me. I flew down from Denver this
dialog: morning on my private jet.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes, your letter indicated you were
dialog: in he oil business up there.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I've done quite well in Denver, Mr.
dialog: Garrison, but I have to admire someone
dialog: like you - and I have the means to
dialog: back up what I say.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We can use all the support we can
dialog: get. I think these might interest
dialog: you.
text: Jim has gathered together a group of photos of the shooting.
text: Sharon bringing the coffee.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They've been enlarged and show a lot
dialog: of detail...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Splendid, love to see them.
text: He glances at the photo but continues on across the room,
text: looking at the pictures on the walls.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Where were you? Europe, Pacific?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Germany.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You were lucky. I spent three years
dialog: in the Pacific.
text: (he looks out the
text: blinds at Tulane
dialog: Avenue)
dialog: I've never seen an avenue with such
text: a profusion of bail-bonding companies.
dialog: Why is that?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (nettled by Miller's
dialog: moving around)
dialog: I imagine because this is the Criminal
dialog: District Court Building
dialog: (showing a photo)
dialog: This is an enlargement of a potential
text: shooter standing behind the picket
dialog: fence. We...
text: We see a blurry blowup of something behind the picket fence.
text: Miller takes the photo, glances at it and sits down.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I know about that shot. A terrible
dialog: tragedy.
dialog: (Puts the photo back
dialog: on the desk)
dialog: How much do you have for carrying on
dialog: your investigation?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If you must know, virtually nothing.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: How many men are working with you on
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Less than you would guess. Most
dialog: days two to three assistant D.A.'s.
text: A handful of police investigators.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: That's all you've had all this time?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's it.
text: Jim expectant of some help. A pause. Then:
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I admire you, Mr. Garrison. How did
dialog: you manage to make your way into Guy
dialog: Banister's operation?
text: The clock is ticking. Jim shares a look with Bill. The
text: cards are on the table.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That was never in he newspapers, Mr.
dialog: Miller.
text: Miller smiles, stands, paces the room. He continues to ignore
dialog: Bill completely.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I'm going to be very frank with you.
dialog: You've done a great job, an astounding
dialog: job considering the limited resources
dialog: available to you. But the best you
dialog: can ever hope for is to stir up a
dialog: lot of confusion. You're not going
dialog: to do this country any good, and
dialog: you're not going to do yourself any
dialog: good.
text: (he sits back down
dialog: and looks directly
dialog: at Jim)
dialog: You don't belong here. On this Mickey
dialog: Mouse street with that cheap strip
dialog: of bail bond shops.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The job manages to keep me pretty
dialog: busy.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Nonsense. You should be in a job
dialog: where you can make decisions that
dialog: have impact, affect the world. Here
dialog: you're trying to climb up the steep
text: side of Mount Everest.
text: He leans forward across Jim's desk, tapping his manicured
text: index finger on the desk. Clearly visible to Jim and to us
text: (in a close-up) is Miller's Annapolis ring tapping.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I propose you accept an appointment
dialog: to the bench in Federal District
dialog: Court and move into a job worthy of
dialog: your talent.
text: (he leans back and
dialog: pauses)
dialog: Do you have any idea, do you have
dialog: any conception of how easily such an
dialog: appointment can be arranged?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And what would I have to do?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Stop your investigation... it was a
text: magnificent effort but it's over and
text: done with. The press is already on
dialog: your behind and that's only the
dialog: beginning, my boy, only the beginning.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How long do you think it would take
dialog: me to be appointed?
text: Jim's eyes go to Bill. He could be wrong, but it's almost
text: as if Bill were going along with the idea now.
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: (smiling, thinking
dialog: Jim is hooked)
dialog: Well, ordinarily these things take a
dialog: long time. But in your case, with
dialog: your record it can be expedited -
dialog: easily. I guarantee it.
text: Jim leans back, puts his feet up on the corner of the desk,
text: waving them like fans. Bill waits.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Who are you, Mr. Miller?
dialog: (no answer - just the
text: sound of the overhead
dialog: fan)
dialog: You see that helmet over there?
dialog: (the Nazi helmet with
text: a bullet hole on his
dialog: desk)
dialog: I picked that up at the Dachau
dialog: concentration camp when we liberated
dialog: it in 1945. It was the most
dialog: horrifying sight I've ever seen, Mr.
text: Miller. Pyramids of decaying,
text: stinking bones and skin one on top
dialog: of the other. I don't enjoy looking
dialog: at that swastika every day, Mr.
dialog: Miller, but I keep it there to remind
dialog: me of what can happen when a country
dialog: turns from free democratic principles
text: to Fascism, when a few madmen turn
dialog: human beings into digits and millions
dialog: sit in silence and do nothing about
dialog: it.
text: Miller waits. Bill waits. Jim comes forward with his reply.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mr. Miller, you and I have met under
dialog: a great misunderstanding. I haven't
dialog: the remotest interest in becoming a
dialog: Federal Judge. And nothing is going
dialog: to keep me from going ahead with my
dialog: investigation of John Kennedy's
dialog: murder.
text: Miller's entire demeanor tightens into a corkscrew of anger
dialog: and danger.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Bill, Mr. Miller and I have finished
dialog: our conversation. Would you show
dialog: him out?
text: Bill has a strange reaction - a sudden exhalation of breath
text: as if an entire house of cards were collapsing. He rises,
text: but Miller goes first, leaving silently. Once he's gone,
text: Bill turns wearily to Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Those bastards! That's proof enough
dialog: right there of what we're up against.
dialog: The whole goddamn Federal Government,
dialog: Bill!
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Well, they offered you the carrot,
dialog: and you turned it down... you know
dialog: what's coming next, don't you, boss?
scene_heading: GARRISON'S CONFERENCE ROOM - ANOTHER DAY(1967)
text: The staff is assembled. We see the headline in the Times-
text: Picayune, which says: "FERRIE CALLS GARRISON PROBE A WITCH
dialog: HUNT."
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Boss, I tell you something or somebody
dialog: is putting tremendous heat on David
dialog: Ferrie. If we sit on our behinds
dialog: any longer, I don't think the guy's
text: going to hold on.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: (raps the newspaper)
dialog: Look at this bullshit! He keeps
dialog: changing what he says. We can't
dialog: possibly call him to a Grand Jury.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Susie, watch the language, would you
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: My instinct is that Ferrie is going
dialog: to keep on deteriorating, and we'll
dialog: end up getting more out of him when
dialog: he finally cracks. If we call him
dialog: now, he might freeze up and we could
dialog: lose the best shot we've ever had.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You don't get it, guys - he can't go
dialog: down any further. We got to protect
dialog: him full time.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: (rises, looks at his
dialog: watch)
dialog: I have a plane to catch... going to
dialog: Washington. An interesting lead,
dialog: says he's closely connected to these
dialog: events, but he won't come down here...
dialog: I know what you're going through
dialog: with Ferrie, Lou. We'll talk
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I'm onto Ferrie's Cuban paymaster,
dialog: Eladio del Valle, in Miami. I gotta
dialog: get him in, boss. I need more men -
dialog: I can't even pull the teams to watch
dialog: Ferrie... This is our case!
text: Numa rushes in with a young investigator, Williams -
text: displaying a miniature microphone.
speaker_heading: NUMA
scene_heading: HOLD IT, CHIEF...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Lou)
dialog: You just need some sleep, Lou. It
dialog: won't look so bad when...
text: Numa makes violent signals to shut up - not to talk - sticking
text: the microphone in front of Jim. Williams searches the walls
text: for the bug. Numa signals everyone outside.
scene_heading: GARRISON'S MAIN OFFICE
text: The staff comes out into the office
text: with Him, disturbed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What the hell is...
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Williams found this in your office...
dialog: We think the conference room is also
dialog: bugged. And maybe the phones. The
dialog: whole place needs debugging.
text: The whole staff from the conference room reacts. Jim looks
text: stunned.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't believe it!
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: Bugging the District Attorney's office
dialog: of New Orleans! It's outrageous!
text: Sharon has been standing there trying to get Lou's attention.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: It's urgent for you, Mr. Ivon.
text: Lou goes to the phone.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Well, believe what you want, boss,
dialog: but we got to be more careful. All
dialog: these new volunteers, any one of
dialog: them could be...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Okay, you handle it, Numa. I don't
dialog: have time for this nonsense.
dialog: (to the hidden mikes
dialog: loudly)
dialog: We've obviously got the bastards
dialog: worried now. I'm going to Washington.
text: Everyone laughs, but the camera goes to the look of shock on
text: Lou's face as he holds the receiver. They all look over at
text: him; feeling the bad news before they hear it.
speaker_heading: LOU
text: Dave Ferrie's dead. The body was
text: found at his apartment two hours
dialog: ago.
text: Jim's look says "There goes the case."
scene_heading: OUTSIDE FERRIE'S APARTMENT - FRENCH QUARTER(1967)
text: Jim and his staff storm into the area, which is cordoned off
dialog: by police.
text: Members of the press are all over, yelling questions at Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to chief police
dialog: officer)
dialog: This case is in our jurisdiction. I
dialog: don't want anyone from a Federal
dialog: agency in here without an explicit
dialog: Federal court order. You got that,
dialog: Hank?
text: (Hank looks at him
dialog: weirdly)
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 10
dialog: Was Ferrie murdered, Mr. Garrison?
dialog: Do you have any leads?
scene_heading: INSIDE FERRIE'S APARTMENT
text: The apartment is filthy and sinister. Hundreds of mice squeal
text: in their cages, upset by the invasion of men and light.
text: Nothing seems to have been washed in years. There is an
text: accumulation of furniture, college pennants, photos of young
text: boys in training, books everywhere, ammunition, guns, a piano,
text: maps, fake college degrees on the walls. Ferrie's naked
text: body lies on the couch with a sheet over it. He is unwigged,
text: his eyebrows unpainted, false teeth next to him. Jim studies
text: the corpse as the coroner comes alongside.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What's it look like, Nick?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: I don't see any violence, Jim. Heart
text: attack, maybe an aneurysm. Looks
dialog: like natural causes.
text: Jim picks several empty, capless medicine bottles on a table
text: next to the sofa and looks at them. Lou and Bill come over
text: with a typed suicide note.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It's addressed to no one and no
dialog: signature. "To leave this life is,
dialog: for me, a sweet prospect. I find
dialog: nothing in it that is desirable and
dialog: on the other hand, everything that
dialog: is loathsome."
speaker_heading: LOU
text: Pretty flowery for Dave Ferrie.
text: The words from the note hang there weirdly, as Jim paces on
text: into the apartment, one of them medicine bottles in his hand.
text: The music grows, and a sinister feel of danger and death
text: pervades the atmosphere. Then the sounds drop away.
scene_heading: FERRIE'S BEDROOM
text: Jim hands Lou the medicine bottle.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Proloid?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I took it once for a low thyroid
dialog: condition...
dialog: (he walks away)
text: It raises the metabolism, Lou.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Did David Ferrie strike you as the
dialog: kind of person who had a low
dialog: metabolism?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I'd say the opposite - hypertension.
scene_heading: CLOSET IN FERRIE'S APARTMENT
text: Jim runs an eye through Dave's closet, cluttered with shabby
dialog: jackets.
text: His eye falls on a neat but faded lace and satin, some sort
text: of garment of priestly origin, he takes it in his hand.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Ferrie was the only one to express
dialog: some kind of remorse about this whole
dialog: thing. I think it got him killed.
text: Susie Cox walks in, a new message written on her face.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Boss, we just got bad news from Miami.
dialog: They found Ferrie's Cuban friend -
dialog: Eladio del Valle - this morning,
text: hacked to death with a machete in
text: his car. He was tortured, shot in
text: the heart at point-blank range and
text: his skull was split open with an
dialog: axe...
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Jesus - if that ain't the Devil's
dialog: piss! Those bastards!
text: Jim's mood darkens, and he heads back into the living room
text: as Ferrie's corpse is being trundled out the door. The
text: sickness is everywhere; an oppressive mood. Bill comes up.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Found another note, same thing, no
dialog: name, no signature. "When you receive
dialog: this, I will be quite dead, so no
dialog: answer will be possible. I offered
dialog: you love. All I got in return in
dialog: the end was a kick in the teeth."
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Jesus, they must've been hard pressed
dialog: to come up with that one.
text: Jim, feeling ill, wanting to leave, stops the coroner before
text: he exits...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (gives the coroner
dialog: the empty bottle)
dialog: Nick, what would happen if a man
dialog: suffering from hypertension were to
dialog: take an entire bottle of Proloid?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: He'd die pretty quick, either a heart
text: storm or a ruptured blood vessel in
dialog: the brain.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Can you ascertain if there's Proloid
dialog: in his system?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: Not in a routine autopsy, but if we
dialog: looked at the spinal fluid, there
dialog: might be a high level of iodine, but
dialog: it's difficult to know. Whatcha
dialog: thinkin', Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, it doesn't make sense, Nick -
text: he was afraid of dying, then he kills
text: himself in a way that leaves no trace,
text: but he leaves two unsigned suicide
dialog: notes.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: (shrugs, skeptical)
dialog: If it's a suicide, I seen weirder,
dialog: Jim.
dialog: (exits)
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: The fact is he's gone, chief, and
dialog: so's our case.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Not unless we go for Shaw now.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: With whose testimony? Willie O'Keefe?
dialog: A male prostitute. Jack Martini? A
dialog: drunk? Vernon Bundy? A dope fiend.
dialog: Shaw's got respect, the newspaper
dialog: editors, the American Bar Association -
dialog: they're not...
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I'm afraid I'm with Bill on this
dialog: one. We haven't got the goods yet.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: We wait, Shaw's gonna get whacked.
dialog: Oswald, Ruby, Ferrie, del Valle,
dialog: Banister, Bowers... how many corpses
dialog: you lawyers gotta see to figure out
dialog: what's going on?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: All right, all right. Break it up.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Where you going, boss?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know, Bill, I just don't
dialog: know.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE FERRIE'S APARTMENT THAT SAME NIGHT
text: As Jim, questioned by reporters, gets in his car and leaves,
text: Bill waves goodbye to Lou and walks toward his own car,
text: dejected. The area is cordoned off and humming with activity.
text: Frank, an FBI man who knows Bill from previous cases,
text: approaches him out of the crowd. He wears a hat, suit, and
dialog: tie.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Bill.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Hey, where y'at, Frank? You're
dialog: wasting your time here. Big Jim
dialog: gave strict orders. No FBI allowed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's you I want to talk to, Bill.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Boss would fry me in hog fat if he
dialog: knew...
dialog: (motions to car)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (getting in the car)
dialog: Your boss got a serious problem,
dialog: Bill. Real serious. We know what's
dialog: been going on at your office
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yeah, I guess you do.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You've got nothin', Bill. I'm talking
dialog: as a friend now. You're riding on
dialog: the Titanic. Time to jump off before
dialog: you get destroyed along with Garrison.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Frank, I don't want to hear it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Senator Long set your boss up, my
dialog: friend.
text: This gets Bill's attention.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who do you think fed him that
dialog: information? Garrison's going down.
dialog: We're talking your career here, Bill,
dialog: your life. You're a young guy... we
dialog: know you're working that Castro thing.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No, I'm not...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes, you are. Look we know Oswald
dialog: didn't pull that trigger. Castro
dialog: did. But if that comes out, there's
dialog: gonna be a war, boy - millions of
dialog: people are gonna die. That's a hell
dialog: of a lot more important than Jim
dialog: Garrison.
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Goddammit, look at me when I talk to
dialog: you! You're too goddamn self-
dialog: opinionated, now shut up. If you
dialog: got a brain in that thick skull of
dialog: yours, listen to me. Listen real
dialog: hard.
text: Bill, taken aback, listens.
scene_heading: WASHINGTON D.C. - PARK(1967)
text: Jim walks down from the Lincoln Memorial, where he is met
text: unobtrusively by a military man in his 50's in casual
text: clothing, hat on his head, an erect posture. They walk
text: towards the Mall, with the Capitol building looming in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: Jim Garrison?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: (shakes hands)
dialog: I'm glad you came. I'm sorry about
dialog: the precautions.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, I just hope it was worth my
dialog: while, Mr...
text: The man doesn't answer. Jim, after his meeting with Miller
text: and loss of Ferrie, is testy and suspicious.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: I could give you a false name, but I
dialog: won't. Just call me X.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I've already been warned by the
dialog: Agency, Mr. Whoever. If this is
dialog: another type of threat, I don't...
speaker_heading: X
dialog: I'm not with the Agency, Mr. Garrison,
dialog: and I assume if you've come this
dialog: far, what I have to say interests
dialog: you. But I'm not going to name names,
dialog: or tell you who or what I represent.
dialog: Except to say - you're close, you're
dialog: closer than you think...
text: Something about his manner speaks of authority, knowledge,
text: and above all, old-fashioned honesty - the eyes looking at
text: you straight on. He indicates a bench.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: Everything I'm going to tell you is
dialog: classified top secret...
dialog: (significant look)
dialog: I was a soldier, Mr. Garrison. Two
dialog: wars. I was one of those secret
dialog: guys in the Pentagon that supplies
dialog: the military hardware - the planes,
dialog: bullets, rifles - for what we call
dialog: "black operations" - "black ops",
dialog: assassinations, coup d'etats, rigging
dialog: elections, propoganda, psych warfare
dialog: and so forth. World War II - Rumania,
dialog: Greece, Yugoslavia, I helped take
dialog: the Nazi intelligence apparatus out
dialog: to help us fight the Communists.
dialog: Italy '48 stealing elections, France
dialog: '49 breaking strikes - we overthrew
dialog: Quirino in the Philippines, Arbenz
dialog: in Guatemala, Mossadegh in Iran.
dialog: Vietnam in '54, Indonesia '58, Tibet
dialog: '59 we got the Dalai Lama out - we
dialog: were good, very good. Then we got
dialog: into the Cuban thing. Not so good.
dialog: Set up all the bases for the invasion
dialog: supposed to take place in October
dialog: '62. Khrushchev sent the missiles
dialog: to resist the invasion, Kennedy
dialog: refused to invade and we were standing
dialog: out there with our dicks in the wind.
dialog: Lot of pissed-off people, Mr.
dialog: Garrison, you understand? I'll come
dialog: to that later... I spent much of
dialog: September '63 working on the Kennedy
dialog: plan for getting all U.S. personnel
dialog: out of Vietnam by the end of '65.
dialog: This plan was one of the strongest
dialog: and most important papers issued
dialog: from the Kennedy White House. Our
dialog: first 1,000 troops were ordered home
dialog: for Christmas. Tensions were high.
dialog: In November '63, one week after the
dialog: murder of Vietnamese President Diem
dialog: in Saigon, and two weeks before the
dialog: assassination of our President...
text: FLASHBACK TO the Pentagon offices in 1963. X strides down a
text: busy hall and into the offices of one of his superiors, Major
text: General Y, a lean, cold warrior, battlefield handsome,
text: civilian clothes, and several advisors. There's a U.S. flag
text: on the wall. The status of Y is only clear by the sing on
text: the desk, the name blocked by a passing figure.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: ...a strange thing happened. I was
dialog: sent by my superior officer, call
dialog: him Y, to the South Pole as the
text: military escort for a group of
dialog: international VIP's. This trip had
dialog: nothing to do with my nine years of
dialog: work in Special Operations. It was
dialog: sort of a "paid vacation".
text: We hear vague ad-lib mutterings on the soundtrack indicating
text: a friendly atmosphere, and we see stock footage of a C-130
text: transport flying to Antarctica and ice floes on the surface
dialog: of the sea.
text: Then, at a New Zealand airport, we see X, in a uniform, at a
text: newsstand reading of Kennedy's assassination. The banner
text: headline of an "Extra" edition of The Christchurch Star
text: screams out "KENNEDY SHOT DEAD."
speaker_heading: X
dialog: It wasn't until I was on my way back
dialog: in New Zealand that I read of the
dialog: President's murder. That was 2 in
dialog: the afternoon the next day New Zealand
dialog: time, but already the papers had the
dialog: entire history of an unknown 24-year-
dialog: old man, Oswald - a studio picture,
dialog: detailed biographical data, Russian
dialog: information - and were pretty sure
dialog: of the fact he'd killed the President
dialog: alone, although it took them four
dialog: more hours to charge him with the
dialog: murder in Texas. It felt as if,
dialog: well, a cover story was being put
dialog: out like we would in a black op.
text: Back at the Pentagon office, we see X returning and meeting
text: Y. The atmosphere is cordial, but Y is slightly different
text: from before - more harried, more nervous. He turns away to
text: light a cigarette, he doesn't want the usual conversation.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: Anyway, after I came back I asked
dialog: myself why was I, the chief of special
dialog: ops, selected to travel to the South
dialog: Pole at that time to do a job that
dialog: any number of others could have done?
dialog: One of my routine duties if I had
dialog: been in Washington would've been to
dialog: arrange for additional security in
dialog: Texas. The Secret Service is
dialog: relatively small, and by custom the
dialog: military will augment them. I checked
dialog: it out when I got back and sure
dialog: enough, I found out someone had told
dialog: the 112th Military Intelligence Group
dialog: at 4th Army Headquarters at Fort Sam
dialog: Houston to "stand down" that day,
dialog: over the protests of the unit
dialog: Commander, a Colonel Reich...
text: We see an outdoor shot of the Texas Army Headquarters on a
text: day in 1963. Inside, on the same day, Col. Reich is on the
text: phone, puzzled.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: Now this is significant, because it
dialog: is standard operating procedure,
dialog: especially in a known hostile city
dialog: like Dallas, to supplement the Secret
dialog: Service. Even if we had not allowed
dialog: the bubbletop to be removed from the
dialog: limousine, we'd've put at least 100
text: to 200 agents on the sidewalks,
dialog: without question! There'd already
text: been several attempts on de Gaulle's
dialog: life in France. Only a month before
dialog: in Dallas UN Ambassador Adlai
text: Stevenson had been spit on and hit.
dialog: We'd have arrived days ahead of time,
dialog: studied the route, checked all the
dialog: buildings...
dialog: We never would've allowed all those
text: wide-open empty windows overlooking
dialog: Dealey... never... We would have
dialog: had our own snipers covering the
text: area. The moment a window went up
dialog: they'd have been on the radio. We
dialog: would've been watching the crowds -
dialog: packages, rolled up newspapers, a
dialog: coat over an arm, never would have
text: let a man open an umbrella along the
dialog: way - Never would've allowed that
text: limousine to slow down to 10 miles
dialog: per hour, much less take that unusual
dialog: curve at Houston and Elm. You would
dialog: have felt an Army presence in the
dialog: streets that day, but none of this
dialog: happened. It was a violation of the
dialog: most basic protection codes we have.
dialog: And it is the best indication of a
dialog: massive plot in Dallas. Who could
dialog: have best done that? People in my
dialog: business, Mr. Garrison. People like
dialog: my superior officer could've told
dialog: Col. Reich, "Look - we have another
dialog: unit coming from so and so providing
dialog: security. You'll stand down." That
dialog: day, in fact, there were some
dialog: individual Army Intelligence people
dialog: in Dallas and I'm still trying to
dialog: figure out who and why. But they
dialog: weren't protecting the client. One
dialog: of them, by the way, was caught in
dialog: the Book Depository after police
dialog: sealed it off.
text: In Dealey Plaza, 1963, we see an Army intelligence man taking
text: a shot with a Minolta camera.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: Army Intell had a "Harvey Lee Oswald"
dialog: on file, but all those files have
dialog: been destroyed. Many strange things
dialog: were happening that day, and Lee
dialog: Harvey Oswald had nothing to do with
dialog: them. We had the entire Cabinet on
dialog: a trip to the Far East. We had a
text: third of a combat division returning
text: from Germany in the air above the
dialog: United States at the time of the
text: shooting, and at 12:34 P.M., the
text: entire telephone system went dead in
dialog: Washington for a solid hour, and on
dialog: the plane back to Washington, word
dialog: was radioed from the White House
dialog: Situation Room to Lyndon Johnson
dialog: that one individual performed the
dialog: assassination. Does that sound like
dialog: a bunch of coincidences to you, Mr.
dialog: Garrison? Not for one moment. The
dialog: cabinet was out of the country to
dialog: get their perception out of the way.
text: The troops were in the air for
dialog: possible riot control. The phones
dialog: didn't work to keep the wrong stories
dialog: from spreading if anything went wrong
dialog: with the plan. Nothing was left to
dialog: chance. I bet you there were even
text: backup teams and cars on the other
text: side of the underpass in the event
dialog: that Kennedy got through wounded.
dialog: They would have moved in with vehicles
dialog: like they did with de Gaulle. He
dialog: could not be allowed to escape alive.
text: The camera is on Jim, listening. This information is much
text: greater than he ever envisioned, and he is stunned. X pauses.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: I never though things were the same
dialog: after that. Vietnam started for
dialog: real. There was an air of, I don't
dialog: know, make-believe in the Pentagon
dialog: and the CIA. Those of us who'd been
dialog: in secret ops since the beginning
dialog: knew the Warren Commission was
dialog: fiction, but there was something...
dialog: deeper, uglier. And I knew Allen
dialog: Dulles very well. I briefed him
dialog: many a time in his house. He was
dialog: also General Y's benefactor. But
dialog: for the life of me I still can't
dialog: figure out why Dulles was appointed
dialog: to investigate Kennedy's death. The
dialog: man who had fired him. I got out in
dialog: '64. I retired from the U.S. Air
dialog: Force.
scene_heading: JACKIE KENNEDY
dialog: I never realized Kennedy was so
dialog: dangerous to the establishment. Is
dialog: that why?
speaker_heading: X
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: That's the real question, isn't it -
dialog: "Why?" - the "how" is just "scenery"
dialog: for the suckers... Oswald, Ruby,
dialog: Cuba, Mafia, it keeps people guessing
dialog: like a parlor game, but it prevents
dialog: them from asking the most important
dialog: question - Why? Why was Kennedy
dialog: killed? Who benefitted? Who has
dialog: the power to cover it up?... You
dialog: know in '61 right after the Bay of
dialog: Pigs - very few people know about
dialog: this - I participated in drawing up
dialog: National Security Action Memos 55,
dialog: 56, and 57. These are crucial
dialog: documents, classified top secret,
dialog: but basically in them Kennedy
text: instructs General Lemnitzer, Chairman
dialog: of the Joint Chiefs, that from here
dialog: on forward...
text: FLASHBACK TO the Pentagon offices on a day in 1961. A
text: document is moved by hand into Lemnitzer's office where we
text: see a set of hands holding it while it's read. There's a
text: look of surprise on Lemnitzer's face.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: ... the Joint Chiefs of Staff would
dialog: be wholly responsible for all covert
dialog: paramilitary action in peacetime.
dialog: This basically ended the reign of
dialog: the CIA - "splintered it", as J.F.K.
dialog: promised he would, into a "thousand
dialog: pieces", - and now was ordering the
dialog: military to help. This was
dialog: unprecedented. I can't tell you the
dialog: shock waves this sent along the
text: corridors of power in Washington.
dialog: This and, of course, firing Allen
dialog: Dulles, Richard Bissell, and General
dialog: Charles Cabell, all of them sacred
dialog: cows of Intell since World War II.
dialog: You got some very upset people here.
text: DOCUMENTARY IMAGES flash on the screen - Allen Dulles, sweet-
text: faced, smiling, at the Warren Commission Hearing and visiting
text: Dealey Plaza; General Charles Cabell and Richard Bissell...
speaker_heading: X
dialog: Kennedy's directives were never really
dialog: implemented, because of bureaucratic
dialog: resistance, but one of the results
dialog: was that the Cuban operation was
dialog: turned over to my department as
dialog: "Operation Mongoose", which meant
dialog: that people like my superior officer,
dialog: General Y, took over the Cuban
dialog: personnel that were being trained to
dialog: invade Cuba - and the bases like the
text: training camp at Pontchartrain in
dialog: your home state that were closed
dialog: down by Kennedy... and that's how
dialog: the "black ops" people, people like
dialog: General Y, ended up taking the rules
dialog: of covert warfare they'd used abroad
dialog: and brought'em into this country.
dialog: Now they had the people, the
dialog: equipment, bases and the motivation...
dialog: check out an old CIA man, Bill Harvey -
dialog: ran something called "Executive
dialog: Action", which carried out foreign
dialog: assassinations. Harvey was also
dialog: involved with the fake defection
dialog: program that got Oswald into Russia.
dialog: Check out the Cabell brothers.
dialog: Interesting links to this case.
text: At Arlington Cemetery on the same day, Jim visits the grave
text: of President Kennedy. We see the eternal flame. Jim thinks
text: about what he should do now. The size of it stuns him. He
text: is lost, reeling back to the past in his mind.
text: DISSOLVE TO DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE of Dachau concentration camp:
text: thousands of bodies are piled and bulldozed... And then back
text: to Jim at Arlington Cemetery reliving it... only the enormity
text: of past evil can prepare him to confront present evil. In a
text: strange way, it reassures him.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: ...don't underestimate the budget
dialog: cuts Kennedy called for in March of
dialog: '63 either - close to 52 military
dialog: installations in 25 states, 21
dialog: overseas bases, you're talking big
dialog: money. You know how many helicopters
dialog: have been lost in Vietnam? About
dialog: three thousand so far. Who makes
dialog: them? Bell Helicopter. Who owns
dialog: Bell? Bell was near bankruptcy when
dialog: the First National Bank of Boston
dialog: approached the CIA about developing
dialog: the helicopter for Indochina usage.
dialog: How 'bout the f-111 fighters? General
dialog: Dynamics in Fort Worth. Who owns
dialog: that? Find out the defense budget
text: since the war began. $75 going on a
dialog: hundred billion ... $200 billion'll
dialog: be spent before it ends. In 1950 it
dialog: was $13 billion. No war, no money.
dialog: Sometimes I think the organizing
dialog: principle of any society is for war.
dialog: The authority of the state over it's
dialog: people resides in it's war powers.
dialog: Even Eisenhower - military hero of
dialog: WWII - warned us about it: "beware
dialog: the military - industrial complex",
dialog: he said. Kennedy wanted to end the
dialog: Cold War in his second term. He
dialog: wanted to call of the moon race in
dialog: favor of cooperation with the Soviets.
dialog: He signed a treaty with the Soviets
dialog: to ban nuclear testing, he refused
dialog: to invade Cuba in '62, and he set
text: out to withdraw from Vietnam. But
dialog: that all ended on November 22, 1963.
text: FLASHBACK TO the White House, 1963. Lyndon Johnson is with
text: Henry Cabot Lodge. We see them as shadowy figures from a
text: distance across the wide room, or near a veranda with a porch
text: and plenty of light. Johnson, his back to us, talks in a
text: loud, thick Texas drawl (mostly muted) and signs a document.
speaker_heading: X
text: Only four days after J.F.K. was shot,
dialog: Lyndon Johnson signed National
dialog: Security Memo 273, which essentially
dialog: reversed Kennedy's new withdrawal
dialog: policy and gave the green light to
dialog: the covert operations against North
dialog: Vietnam that provoked the Gulf of
dialog: Tonkin incident. In that document
dialog: lay the Vietnam War.
text: In the park with X, Jim is staggered by all this information.
text: X ceases walking and looks at Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't... I can't believe it. They
dialog: killed him because he wanted to change
dialog: things. In our time - in our country?
speaker_heading: X
dialog: (shrugging)
text: Kings are killed, Mr. Garrison.
dialog: Politics is power, nothing more.
dialog: But don't believe me. Don't trust
dialog: me. Do your own work, your own
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The size of this is... beyond me.
dialog: Testify?
speaker_heading: X
dialog: No chance in hell, Mr. Garrison.
dialog: I'd be arrested and gagged, declared
dialog: insane and hospitalized... maybe
dialog: worse. You, too. I can only give
dialog: you background, you got to find the
dialog: foreground, the little things...
dialog: Keep digging. Y'know you're the
dialog: only person to ever bring a trial in
dialog: the murder of John Kennedy. That's
dialog: important - it's historic.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I haven't yet. I don't have much of
dialog: a case.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: (rising to leave)
dialog: But you don't have a choice anymore.
dialog: You've become a significant threat
dialog: to the national security structure.
dialog: They would've killed you already,
dialog: but you got a lot of light on you.
dialog: Instead, they're gonna destroy your
dialog: credibility; they already have in
dialog: many circles in this town. You're
dialog: some kinda ego-crazed southern
dialog: caricature to many folks. Be honest -
dialog: the best chance you got is come up
dialog: with a case, something, anything,
dialog: make arrests, stir the shitstorm.
dialog: You gotta hope to reach a point of
dialog: critical mass where other people
dialog: will come forward and the government
dialog: will crack. Remember, fundamentally
dialog: people are suckers for the truth,
dialog: and the truth is on your side, 'bubba.
dialog: I hope you get a break...
text: Jim watches this mystery man walking away. The figure
text: vanishes in the Washington breeze. Flags flap over some
text: distant memorial to some distant history of the Republic.
text: Jim rises, a decision made.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR OF CLAY SHAW'S HOUSE - NEW ORLEANS(1967)
text: Jim, Lou, Al, Numa and several policemen stand at the door
text: as Clay Shaw comes to it.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Mr. Shaw, you're under arrest, charged
dialog: with conspiracy and entering into an
dialog: agreement with other persons for the
dialog: specific purpose of committing the
dialog: crime of murder of President John F.
dialog: Kennedy in violation of...
text: The voice dropping away as the devastated look on Shaw's
text: face spreads, sickly, undone, his arrogant public composure
text: gone, face now filled with terror, disbelief.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: ...we have a warrant to search the
dialog: premises.
text: The policemen take Shaw while the D.A. staff moves into the
text: carriage house past the butler, Frankie Jenkins.
scene_heading: INSIDE SHAW'S HOUSE
text: In the bedroom, Numa points out to
text: Jim the hooks screwed into the
text: ceiling. Al pulls out five whips,
text: several lengths of chain, a black
text: hood and matching black cape. Dried
text: blood is on one whip.
speaker_heading: NUMA
text: It's either a Mardi Gras outfit, or
dialog: we got the Marquis de Sade here,
dialog: chief.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't care if he was doing it with
dialog: giraffes in the zoo, Numa, it's none
dialog: of our business. Let's keep this
dialog: side of it quiet, shall we?
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: When you're in a war, boss, you use
dialog: every weapon you got.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Not one word. That's an order.
scene_heading: NEW ORLEANS POLICE STATION
text: Shaw is being fingerprinted. He seems rattled. Police
text: officers try to get the press under control.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Name? First, middle, last.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Clay Lavergne Shaw.
scene_heading: OFFICER HABIGHORST
dialog: Address?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: 1313 Dauphine, New Orleans.
scene_heading: OFFICER HABIGHORST
dialog: Ever use any aliases?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Clay Bertrand.
text: Habighorst notes it as routinely as Shaw seems to have said
text: it, without thinking, possibly preoccupied by thoughts of
text: press people pushing in.
scene_heading: OFFICER HABIGHORST
dialog: Next of kin?
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 12
dialog: Mr. Shaw - What do you have to say?
scene_heading: MONTAGE - NEWSREEL MUSIC
text: We see a shot of the exterior of the Justice Department in
dialog: 1967.
scene_heading: JUSTICE DEPARTMENT CONFERENCE ROOM
text: The acting Attorney General speaks to the press.
scene_heading: ATTORNEY GENERAL
dialog: Yes, Mr. Shaw was included in our
dialog: investigation and there was no
dialog: connection found at all between Shaw
text: and the President's assassin.
scene_heading: GARRISON'S OFFICE - CONFERENCE ROOM(1967)
text: Jim confronts a packed room. Bill is with him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If Mr. Shaw had no connection to the
dialog: assassination, why did the FBI
dialog: investigate him? And why, if they
dialog: did, is his name not mentioned once
dialog: in the entire 26 volumes of the Warren
dialog: Report, even it if is to clear his
dialog: name? I doubt this Attorney General
dialog: would qualify for my staff.
text: We see a shot of the Supreme Court building in Washington,
text: D.C. and then a corridor inside the building. A Chief
text: Justice, looking gray and wise like Earl Warren, moves along
text: the corridor in his black robe delivering his verdict to the
dialog: press.
speaker_heading: CHIEF JUSTICE
dialog: No, I don't think so. Mr. Garrison
dialog: has presented absolutely nothing
dialog: publicly to contradict our findings.
dialog: As yet I have not heard one fact to
dialog: refute the Commission determination
dialog: that Lee Oswald was the lone killer.
text: In his own office, Jim responds to Justice Warren.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I congratulate Mr. Shaw. Most
dialog: witnesses have to wait for trial
dialog: before they're allowed to produce
dialog: sacred cows like the Chief Justice
dialog: of the land as a character witness,
dialog: who is of course not under oath and
dialog: free from the laws of perjury.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 13
dialog: Mr. Garrison, if what you say is
dialog: even partly true in this case, you
dialog: realize you are damaging the
dialog: credibility of our government,
dialog: possibly destroying it?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let me ask you... is a government
dialog: worth preserving when it lies to the
dialog: people? It has become a dangerous
dialog: country, sir, when you can't trust
dialog: anyone anymore, when you can't tell
dialog: the truth. I say let justice be
text: done, though the heavens fall.
text: It doesn't play with the press. They shuffle off, quiet,
text: whispering.
speaker_heading: GARRISON'S HOUSE(1967)
text: Liz and Jim watch, silently devastated, as the NBC "WHITE
text: PAPER" unfolds, attacking Jim. They can do nothing. Liz
text: leaves the room, upset.
scene_heading: HOTEL SUITE - NEW ORLEANS(1967)
text: Julia Ann Mercer, 28, looks at Jim with sincere eyes. Her
text: husband, a prosperous Republican businessman, watches from
text: the corner. Jim - along with Al - has her testimony in front
dialog: of him.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: In the sheriff's report, Mrs. Mercer,
dialog: it says you were at Dealey Plaza two
dialog: hours before the assassination but
dialog: that...
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yes, it was about 11 in the morning.
dialog: I was driving west on Elm Street
text: toward the Triple Underpass, in a
dialog: rented car - a blue Valiant. I'll
dialog: never forget that day.
text: FLASHBACK TO Dealey Plaza in 1963. It's a normal scene -
text: cars, traffic, people starting to arrive for Kennedy's
text: appearance. We catch a glimpse of Julia Ann Mercer, 23,
text: driving, then stopping traffic.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: ...there was quite a bit of traffic
dialog: and I was stopped alongside a green
dialog: pickup truck. It was very noticeable
dialog: because it was blocking traffic and
text: it was parked with two wheels on the
dialog: curb. When I saw the gun, I thought -
dialog: the Secret Service is not very secret.
text: She glances over at the man in the driver's seat. It's Jack
text: Ruby, wearing a green jacket. Then she sees a young white
text: man in his mid - 20's, in a gray jacket, brown pants, plaid
text: shirt and wool stocking hat, getting out of the passenger
text: side, going to the rear of the van, opening a tool compartment
text: and removing a package that looks like a rifle wrapped in
text: paper. He walks up the embankment in the direction of the
text: picket fence. Ruby looks over and stares at Julia Ann, who
text: turns away and notices three police officers standing near a
text: motorcycle on the overpass bridge. Her eyes lock with Ruby's
text: a second time and as the traffic moves, she drives on.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: The next morning, Saturday, I went
text: to the FBI office and the agents
dialog: showed me photographs...
text: In the Dallas FBI office, Mercer sits at a table looking at
text: photos. Two FBI agents stand near her showing her photos.
text: She shakes her head "no" several times, until they put a
text: shot of Jack Ruby in front of her. She holds it up.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I picked out three pictures that
dialog: looked generally like the driver of
dialog: the truck and then...
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That's the man.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: (to Second Agent)
dialog: Jack Ruby.
speaker_heading: SECOND AGENT
dialog: What about these others? You said
dialog: they might be him.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: They look a little like him. But
dialog: no,
dialog: (holding up the Ruby
dialog: photo)
dialog: I'm sure this is the man.
text: Back in the present, Jim continues to question Mercer.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You mean you identified him on
dialog: Saturday, the day before Ruby shot
dialog: Oswald?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That's right. When I saw him on TV,
dialog: I was shocked. I said to my family,
dialog: "that was the man I saw in the truck."
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: But you didn't seem nearly so sure
dialog: in your statement to the Warren
dialog: Commission.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That's what bothers me, Mr. Garrison.
dialog: You see, they've been altered. My
dialog: statements...
text: Jim is silent. Mercer picks up the report and finds the
dialog: pertinent paragraphs:
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: This says "Mercer could not identify
dialog: any of the photographs as being
dialog: identical with the person she had
text: observed slouched over the wheel of
text: a green Ford pickup truck." That's
dialog: not true. I recognized him and I
dialog: told them so... They also said it
text: was a dark green air conditioning
dialog: truck, which it was not. And here...
dialog: (she goes to another
dialog: report)
text: ...on the Dallas Sheriff's report.
dialog: This is really strange. See that
text: notarized signature on the bottom of
dialog: each page? That's not my signature.
dialog: And there never was any notary present
dialog: during any of my questioning.
text: (she hands the papers
dialog: back to Jim)
dialog: I guess that's all...
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Mrs. Mercer, as a former FBI man,
dialog: it's difficult to accept this.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I know, but Mr. Garrison, the FBI is
dialog: just not doing their job.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: I'm a Republican, Mr. Garrison, and
dialog: I don't go in for this kind of
dialog: government bashing, but I must tell
dialog: you something's not right when they
dialog: don't even bother to call Julia in
text: front of the Warren Commission.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They didn't call a lot of people,
dialog: Mr. Mercer. I think it's safe to
dialog: say the Warren Report is a work of
dialog: fiction.
scene_heading: DALLAS CLUB - NIGHT(1967)
text: BEVERLY, a woman of ample proportions and a big, cute Texas
text: face, ex-club singer, meets with Jim and Lou Ivon in a
text: nightclub not unlike Ruby's Carousel.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Beverly, tell Mr. Garrison about the
dialog: Carousel club.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY (V.O.)
dialog: Oh yes, I used to go over there a
dialog: lot to see Jack and especially my
dialog: friend Jada who danced there. It
dialog: was the real swinging spot in town.
dialog: Everybody came. Businessmen,
dialog: politicians from Austin, Lyndon
dialog: Johnson's friends... Dallas was a
dialog: slow town back then. You chewed
text: toothpicks, played dominos, spit and
dialog: dated policemen. But Jack's was
dialog: exciting. There were always cops
dialog: there. Jack liked 'em around, but
dialog: he used to throw the drunks out
dialog: himself, 'cause he was kinda a violent-
dialog: tempered man... it seemed everybody
dialog: in those days knew Jack was with the
dialog: Mob. The cops were "bad" back then -
dialog: they'd shake you down for the money
dialog: in your pocket. They put a lotta
dialog: people in the cemetery, especially
dialog: colored people.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Beverly, what about Lee?
text: Jada and Beverly sit down at the table with Ferrie, Oswald,
text: and Jack, with Jack doing the buying. It's too loud to hear
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, yeah. One time I came in, Jack
dialog: introduces me to these two guys. He
dialog: said, "Beverly, this is my friend
dialog: Lee..." and I didn't catch the other
dialog: guy's name. He was a weird-looking
text: guy with those funny little eyebrows.
dialog: The other guy, Lee, didn't make much
dialog: of an impression either. He wasn't
dialog: good-looking or nuthin', he didn't
dialog: look like he had any money, and he
dialog: was in a bad mood, so I didn't pay
dialog: him much mind. Well, I might not
dialog: remember a name, but I always remember
dialog: a face. When I saw him tow weeks
dialog: later on the television, I screamed,
dialog: "Oh, my God - that's him! That's
dialog: Jack's friend!" I knew right then
dialog: it had something to do with the
dialog: Mafia... Well, about a week later,
dialog: after she told the newspapers she'd
dialog: met this guy Lee with Jack, Jada
text: disappears off the face of the
dialog: Earth...
text: THE CAMERA MOVES IN ON JADA
speaker_heading: BEVERLY (V.O.)
dialog: Never knew what happened to her till
dialog: Herman offered to sell me her
dialog: wardrobe. I said, "but Jada's coming
dialog: back," and I remember the way he
dialog: smiled... and I knew she was never
text: coming back.
text: BACK TO the 1967 scene.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Will you testify, Beverly?
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: I don't think so, sir.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I thought when we came here, we had
dialog: an agreement.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: I just don't want to become another
dialog: statistic like her. If they can
dialog: kill the President, do you think
dialog: they're gonna think twice about a
dialog: two-bit showgirl like me?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: We could call you in, Beverly.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know the pressure you're under,
dialog: Beverly. Don't think I don't.
dialog: (as he exits)
dialog: I understand.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO DEALEY PLAZA(1967)
text: Our view is from the roof of the building on the extreme
text: south side of the Plaza. J.C. Price, the building engineer,
text: in hat and overalls, points for Jim and Lou.
speaker_heading: PRICE (V.O.)
dialog: ...yes, sir, right here on this spot.
dialog: The shots came from near that wooden
text: fence over there, near the overpass.
text: The camera tightens on the picket fence.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I saw a man run from this spot and
dialog: go behind the Book Depository - 30
dialog: minutes later I gave this information
text: to the Sheriff.
text: On the overpass near Dealey Plaza, S.M. Holland, a tan,
text: elderly, leather-faced signal supervisor, points to the picket
text: fence for Jim and Lou. His accent is thick and rural. We
text: saw him before, briefly, when Jim was reading the Warren
dialog: Report.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I made it very clear to the Warren
dialog: people one of the shots came from
dialog: behind that picket fence. I heard
dialog: the report and saw the smoke come
text: out about 6 or 8 feet above the
dialog: ground, right out from under those
dialog: trees. There is no doubt whatsoever
dialog: in my mind...
text: FLASHBACK TO the restaged shooting. The smoke hangs under
dialog: the trees.
text: CUT TO Richard Dodd on the overpass. He's a cowboy type
text: with a hat and an even thicker accent than Holland.
speaker_heading: DODD
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: ...we, all four of us, all railroad
dialog: men, standing here, seen about the
text: same thing. The smoke came from
text: behind the hedge - and a motorcycle
dialog: policeman dropped his cycle in the
text: street and run up the embankment...
text: FLASHBACK to the motorcycle...
text: BACK TO 1967. Jim and Lou walk with Dodd and Holland near
text: the picket fence. We feel the emptiness of the area now and
text: see the normal amount of traffic driving by.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: ...we came around here to look for
text: tracks. It rained that morning and
dialog: we found a bunch of cigarette butts.
dialog: Someone'd been standing about here...
text: The camera shows the "spot" and Lou sighting.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: This is a good spot, chief, for the
text: head shot.
text: Jim looks, reliving the moment.
text: Later Jim and Lou stand on the south side of Elm Street in
text: Dealey Plaza talking to Jean Hill, an attractive, 30-ish
text: teacher. Her demeanor has a rock-solid Texas back-country
text: conviction to it; she's a woman not easily frightened.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: I was standing here next to my friend
text: Mary Mooman, who took the photograph
dialog: when he was killed...
text: We see a flash of the Moorman photograph - a blurry Polaroid
text: with the President in the foreground and the picket fence in
dialog: background. We will return to this photograph in more detail
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: I jumped out in the street and yelled,
dialog: "Hey Mr. President, look over here,
dialog: we wanna take your picture." He
text: looked up and then shots rang out.
text: Mary fell to the ground right away,
dialog: shouting, "Get down, they're shooting,
dialog: get down, they're shooting." I knew
dialog: it but I was moving to get closer to
dialog: him. The driver had stopped - I
dialog: don't know what was wrong with that
text: driver. And then, out of the corner
dialog: of my eye, I saw this flash of light,
dialog: in the bushes and that last shot...
dialog: just ripped his head off, I mean,
dialog: blood, brains, just blew everything...
text: FLASHBACK TO the day of the shooting. We hear the sound of
text: shots and see the Grassy Knoll from Jean's point of view.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
text: I looked up and saw smoke from the
dialog: Knoll. And everything was frozen -
dialog: seemed like people wasn't even
dialog: breathing, like you're looking at a
dialog: picture - except this one guy. I
dialog: saw this one guy running from the
dialog: Book Depository towards the railroad
dialog: tracks. And that was the same man I
dialog: saw on TV two days later shooting
dialog: Oswald. That was Jack Ruby. No
dialog: question about it.
dialog: Blurry image - we're not at all sure what or who or if...
text: but a seed is planted. We see smoke - the same smoke Bowers
text: saw... then Jack Ruby in a brown coat running from the Book
text: Depository toward the railroad tracks. Then we see Jean's
text: view as she runs toward the Knoll along with others. there
text: are yells, shouts, and general confusion.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: It was him I was chasing up the Grassy
dialog: Knoll, thinking our guys had shot
dialog: back and maybe we got one of them.
dialog: I don't know what I would have done
dialog: if I had caught him, but I knew
dialog: something terrible had happened and
dialog: somebody had to do something.
text: At the picket fence, we see blurry images of police officers,
text: railroad workers, cigarette butts, buddy footprints,
dialog: confusion...
speaker_heading: *JEAN HILL
dialog: I never did catch him. All I saw in
dialog: that parking area were railroad
dialog: workers and Dallas' finest.
text: Two Secret Service types approach her suddenly, and one of
text: them puts an arm on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: FIRST AGENT
dialog: Secret Service, ma'am. You're coming
dialog: with us.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: Oh no, I'm not. I don't know you.
dialog: We gotta catch this shooter - don't
dialog: you realize?
speaker_heading: SECOND AGENT
dialog: (grabbing her other
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: I said you're coming with us. I
dialog: want the pictures in your pocket.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL (V.O.)
dialog: ...he put a hurt on me but good.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: I don't have any pictures! I have
dialog: to go back and find my friend Mary.
dialog: Lemme alone!
text: The two agents hustle her away.
speaker_heading: FIRST AGENT
dialog: Hush! Just smile and keep walking.
text: Hill, 32 years old that day, is shown into a third floor
text: office of the County Courts Building - which has a view of
text: the assassination area. Other Secret Service agents are
text: there. Some 18 people are detained there.
text: TIME CUT TO two men interrogating Hill.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL (V.O.)
dialog: These new people never identified
dialog: themselves. They musta been watching
dialog: the whole thing 'cause they knew
dialog: everything Mary and me had been doing
dialog: that day. I guess I wasn't too hard
text: to find - wearing that red raincoat.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: How many shots you say you heard?
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: Four to six.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That's impossible. You heard echoes
dialog: ...echoes. We have three bullets
dialog: and three shots which came from the
dialog: Book Depository and that's all we're
dialog: willing to say.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL (V.O.)
dialog: ...which is strange 'cause this is
dialog: less than 20 minutes after the
dialog: assassination.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: No, I saw a guy shooting from over
text: there. He was behind that fence.
dialog: What are you going to do about it?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: We have that taken care of. You
dialog: only heard three shots and you are
dialog: not to talk to anyone about this.
dialog: No one, you hear?
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL (V.O.)
dialog: I was scared. It was all kinda queer,
dialog: but it sure felt like two and two
dialog: was coming up three... and then they
dialog: took Mary's five snapshots from me,
dialog: sent them to Washington, and when
dialog: they returned them weeks later, two
dialog: of them had the backgrounds
dialog: mutilated... The only one we saved
dialog: was in Mary's camera. I didn't want
dialog: to go to Washington when the Warren
dialog: Commission subpoenaed me... so the
dialog: lawyer come down here and interviewed
dialog: me at Parkland Hospital.
text: In a Parkland Hospital office in 1964, a lawyer interviews
text: Jean Hill. A female stenographer takes notes.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: He asked me why I thought I was in
dialog: danger and I said:
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: Well if they can kill the President,
dialog: they can certainly get me.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: That doesn't make sense, Mrs. Hill.
dialog: We have the man that killed the
dialog: President.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: No, you don't!
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: He kept trying to get me to change
dialog: my story about the shots. He was
text: getting hot under the collar, and
dialog: telling the woman not to write when
dialog: he wanted.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: Look, do you want the truth, or just
dialog: what you want me to say?
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: I want the truth.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: The truth is that I heard between
dialog: four and six shots. I'm not going
dialog: to lie for you.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: ...you heard echoes.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: No. I had guns all my life. I used
dialog: to go turtle shooting.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: I realize you're under a great deal
dialog: of stress .. it's clouded your
dialog: judgement.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL (V.O.)
text: So off the record, he starts talking
dialog: about my family, and even mentioned
dialog: my marriage was in trouble like I
dialog: didn't know it or something. He got
text: angrier and angrier and then:
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Look, we can put you in a mental
dialog: institution. We can make you look
dialog: crazier'n Marguerite Oswald, and
dialog: everybody knows how crazy she is.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL (V.O.)
dialog: I knew something was crooked as a
dialog: dog's hind leg, 'cause no one who is
dialog: just taking a deposition gets that
dialog: involved and angry... sure enough,
dialog: when I finally read my testimony as
dialog: published by the Warren Commission,
dialog: it was a fabrication from start to
dialog: finish.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Are you willing to testify, Mrs.
dialog: Hill?
text: Back at the Knoll.
speaker_heading: JEAN HILL
dialog: (without hesitation)
dialog: Damned right I would. Somebody's
dialog: got to tell the truth around here
dialog: 'cause the Government sure ain't
dialog: doing it.
text: DISSOLVE TO a scene inside the Texas School Book Depository
text: in 1967. Jim and Lou walk the floor and look out the windows.
text: Lou has a Mannlicher-Carcano in his hand with a sight and
text: clip. We see Oswald's supposed view of the limousine as he
text: pulls the trigger. Now, innocuous traffic goes by, but the
text: iris of the camera tightens into a sniper's scope.
speaker_heading: LOU
text: The Zapruder film establishes 3 shots
dialog: in 5.6 seconds. Here. I'm Oswald.
dialog: Time me.
text: Lou cocks the Mannlicher for the first shot. Jim looks at
dialog: this watch.
text: Lou assumes the Oswald pose, crouched at the window aiming
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Go!
text: Lou pulls, quickly recharges the bolt, fires, recycles, fires.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Time?
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Between six and seven seconds.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: The key is the second and third shots
text: came right on top of each other, and
dialog: it takes a minimum 2.3 seconds to
dialog: recycle this thing.
text: (he recycles the bolt
dialog: for firing)
dialog: The other problem is there was a
dialog: tree right there...
dialog: (he points)
text: Blocking the first two shots at the
text: time they occur in the Zapruder film.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Didn't Hoover say something about
dialog: that? The leaves had fallen off in
dialog: November?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: It was a Texas Live Oak, boss.
dialog: (he shakes his head)
text: It sheds it's leaves the first week
dialog: of March. You try to hit a moving
text: target at 88 yards through heavy
dialog: foliage with this cheap 13-dollar
dialog: sucker, the world's worst shoulder
dialog: weapon. No way. The FBI tried two
dialog: sets of tests and not one of their
dialog: sharpshooters could match Oswald's
dialog: performance. Not one. And Oswald
dialog: was at best a medium shot. The scope
dialog: was defective on it, too. I mean
dialog: this is the whole essence of the
dialog: case to me. The guy couldn't do the
dialog: shooting. Nobody could. And they
dialog: sold this lemon to the American
dialog: public.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The Zapruder film is the proof they
dialog: didn't count on, Lou. We gotta get
dialog: our hands on it.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: That means we gotta subpoena Time-
dialog: Life on it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (looks out the window)
dialog: Why not just shoot Kennedy coming up
dialog: Houston? There's plenty of time -
text: he's out in the open - a frontal
dialog: shot?
text: Jim points the Carcano south, right up Houston Street,
text: following a car that happens to be passing by - a convertible
text: with an unknown woman driving.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I asked myself the same thing. Common
dialog: sense. Even if you miss the first
dialog: shot, if he accelerates you still
dialog: got him for a second shot. No...
dialog: the only reason for waiting to get
dialog: him on Elm is you got him in a
dialog: triangulated crossfire. You got him
text: on a flat low trajectory from the
text: front at the fence there.
text: The camera swings to the Grassy Knoll and the picket fence
text: as seen from the sixth floor of the Depository.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: ...you put a third team there - in
text: that building, on a low floor.
text: The camera swings to the Daltex Building across the street.
speaker_heading: LOU
text: When Kennedy gets to the kill zone,
dialog: it's a turkey shoot.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (aiming)
dialog: How many men?
speaker_heading: LOU
text: One shooter. One spotter on a radio.
dialog: Maybe three teams. I'd say these
dialog: were professional riflemen, chief,
dialog: serious people. Hunters... patient.
dialog: It takes skill to kill with a rifle,
dialog: that's why there's been no execution
dialog: of an executive with one in 200
dialog: years... "3-2-1... green!"
text: (he taps Jim on the
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Or else "Abort! Abort!"
text: Jim pulls the dead trigger, reliving the moment through the
text: scope on a passing car.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Main Street's over there - the
dialog: original parade route on the way to
dialog: the Trade Mart. Too far right?
dialog: Impossible shot.
text: Jim swings the scope up to confront Main Street. Another
text: car is in his sight. Too far.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: So they changed the route to bring
dialog: it this way.
text: Moving at a normal 25 mph, they knew the motorcade would
dialog: have to slow to about 10 miles per hour to make this turn.
dialog: That's where you get him.
text: The camera swings to the Houston and Main intersection.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Who do you think changed the parade
dialog: route?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Beats me. City officials. Secret
dialog: Service. Dallas police. They did a
dialog: dry run with Chief Curry a few days
dialog: before. But they didn't bother
text: running through Dealey. They stopped
dialog: right there, said something like,
dialog: "and afterwards there's only the
dialog: freeway," and went home.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You know who the mayor was?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Earle Cabell. And guess who his
dialog: brother is?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: General Charles Cabell. Deputy
text: Director of the CIA. Fired by Kennedy
dialog: in '61 because of the Bay of Pigs
text: fiasco, he moved back to the Pentagon,
dialog: called Kennedy a "traitor". When he
dialog: came to New Orleans to address the
dialog: Foreign Policy Association, you know
dialog: who introduced him? Our friend Clay
dialog: Shaw.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: The Warren Commission call him?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: His boss was the one on the Warren
dialog: Commission who handled all the leads
dialog: to the intelligence community.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Allen Dulles?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Head of the CIA since '53. Kennedy
dialog: fired them both. Cabell was his
dialog: deputy for nine years.
dialog: (sickened)
dialog: Talk about the fox investigating the
dialog: chicken coop. Now we'll have to
dialog: subpoena them, Lou.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: They're gonna love you, chief.
text: Lou walks to another window in the empty Book Depository
text: where Oswald supposedly did his dirty deed and looks out
text: over the plaza, with all its ghosts. Jim and Lou are two
text: men - with only two men's power. A terrible aloneness
text: pervades their minds.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Maybe we should just call it a day,
dialog: Lou. Go home. While we're still a
dialog: little behind. We got two people
dialog: killed, maybe more we never thought
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You never got anyone killed, boss.
dialog: Their actions killed them years
dialog: before. If we stopped now, it'd be
dialog: even more wrong.
text: FLASHBACK TO 1963 - the sixth floor of the Texas School Book
text: Depository - the same place Jim and Lou are now. Jim looks
text: around and sees one shooter and one spotter with a lunchbox
text: radio, in repairman clothes. Jim is watching. Neither of
text: these men is Oswald. We hear the sounds of the motorcade
text: below. The shooter pulls the trigger on the Carcano. A
text: loud frightening sound snaps Jim back to the present.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (in present)
dialog: Subpoena them, Lou - Dulles, the
dialog: Cabells, Time-Life... the whole damned
dialog: lot of 'em!
scene_heading: GARRISON'S OFFICE - 9 MONTHS LATER - 1968
text: We see another smoke-filled conference of assistants.
text: Paperwork is stacked in the corners almost to the ceiling;
text: there are coffee cups and doughnuts on desks. The
text: disorganization and lack of resources are apparent. The
text: staff working on this project now numbers some eleven people,
dialog: and there are some new investigators and assistants. We
text: sense that the trial is drawing closer.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: The U.S. Attorney in Washington
dialog: "declines" to serve our subpoena on
dialog: Allen Dulles, Charles Cabell, CIA
dialog: Director Richard Helms, or any FBI
dialog: agent we named.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, what do you expect from a pig
text: but a grunt.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Without them, it's going to be near
dialog: impossible, chief, to prove Shaw's
dialog: connection to the CIA. We got the
dialog: same problem with the governors.
dialog: All of them. Reagan in California
dialog: won't give us Brading, Ohio refuses
dialog: Orville Townsend, Texas on Arcacha,
text: and Nebraska on Sandra Moffet.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What the hell is going on? Never
dialog: before has an extradition request
dialog: from this office been refused.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: We haven't tried to get Julia Anne
dialog: Mercer in?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, she could get hurt. If you
dialog: believe what's happening to these
dialog: other people.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: She's the best damn witness we have!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I just don't want to do it. What
dialog: else?
text: Numa is opening another stack of letters. The dollar bills
text: keep coming. He points to two giant stacks of mail.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Hate mail here. Fan mail here. The
dialog: bad news is the IRS has just requested
dialog: an audit on your income from this
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (he snorts)
dialog: I expected that two months ago, and
dialog: they're wasting their time... The
dialog: bad news is the National Guard has
dialog: just asked me to resign after 18
dialog: years.
dialog: (we see his hurt)
dialog: Well, maybe that's good news - it
dialog: was never as good as combat, but
dialog: this is. Bill, any more on Oswald
dialog: and Shaw?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah. They were seen together in
dialog: Clinton in early September. The
dialog: Civil Rights Movement was running a
dialog: voter registration drive.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: ...rumor is Shaw, a local boy, was
dialog: working on some arms deal to discredit
dialog: the civil rights movement. No one
dialog: really knows what they were doing
dialog: there, but everyone sure saw 'em.
dialog: They stood out like cottonballs. I
dialog: got whites and blacks saw 'em, but
dialog: last time I checked there was nothing
dialog: illegal with registering to vote.
dialog: We still got the Negro junkie, Vernon
dialog: Bundy, saw 'em talkin' at the seawall
dialog: near Lake Pontchartrain. But it's
dialog: tough, boss - no one wants to talk
dialog: about Shaw. He's...
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (back to present)
dialog: You know you keep saying that.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Keep saying what?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You're not digging.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I think Clinton is a breakthrough.
text: Shaw denies he knows Ferrie or Oswald.
dialog: Is that right? It proves he's a
dialog: liar. Keep on it, Bill.
dialog: (a look from Lou)
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: This is interesting - are you ready
dialog: for this? Oswald went to see the
dialog: FBI two weeks before the
dialog: assassination. It seems Special
dialog: Agent Hosty made three routine visits
dialog: to his house, supposedly to keep an
text: eye on Marina Oswald.
text: FLASHBACK TO Dallas FBI Office in 1963. Oswald is at the
text: counter addressing the female receptionist.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: I want to see Special Agent Hosty.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I'm sorry, he's not in. Can someone
dialog: else help you?
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: Can I use a pen?
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
text: He left a note. Hosty told a Dallas
dialog: newspaperman it was a warning to him
dialog: to stop questioning Marina at their
dialog: home when Oswald was not present.
dialog: She was not a citizen, so possibly
dialog: he was threatening to deport her
dialog: back to Russia.
text: TIMECUT TO FBI James Hosty confronting his agitated superior,
text: FBI Agent Shanklin in one of his cubicles.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: But what the note really said no one
dialog: knows because his boss Shanklin told
dialog: Hosty...
speaker_heading: SHANKLIN
dialog: (reading the note)
text: Oswald's dead now. There's no trial.
dialog: Get rid of it. I don't even want
dialog: this in the office. Get rid of it,
dialog: Hosty.
dialog: (he gives it back to
dialog: Hosty)
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: Hosty tore it up and flushed it down
dialog: the toilet. Waggoner Carr, the
dialog: Attorney General of Texas, says he
dialog: had evidence from the Dallas Sheriff's
dialog: office that Oswald had been employed
dialog: as an undercover informant for the
dialog: FBI at a salary of $200 a month,
dialog: beginning more than a year before
dialog: the murder.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (in present)
dialog: This is just speculation, people,
dialog: but what if the note was describing
dialog: the assassination attempt on J.F.K.?
dialog: (the staff seem
dialog: surprised by the
dialog: thought)
dialog: Come on guys, think - that's the
dialog: only reason to destroy it, because
dialog: if it was any kind of threat, like
dialog: Hosty said, they would've kept it
dialog: 'cause it makes their case against
dialog: the "angry lone nut" stronger!
dialog: Remember the New Orleans meeting
dialog: with Agent Quigley the day he got
dialog: busted?
text: FLASHBACK TO Oswald, under arrest, meeting with Quigley.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...there again Quigley destroyed the
dialog: notes of the meeting. I think we
dialog: can raise the possibility that Oswald
dialog: not only was an informant but that
dialog: he may well have been the original
dialog: source for the telex we have dated
dialog: November 17 warning of the Kennedy
dialog: assassination in Dallas on November
dialog: 22.
text: Holds up the telex. We see a close-up: "URGENT TO ALL SACS
scene_heading: FROM DIRECTOR."
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: William Walter, the night clerk on
dialog: duty here in the FBI office, gave me
dialog: a copy of this. It went all over
dialog: the country. Nothing was done, and
text: the motorcade went ahead on schedule -
dialog: and this wasn't even mentioned in
dialog: the Warren Report! Read it, Al.
speaker_heading: AL (V.O.)
dialog: "Threat to assassinate President
dialog: Kennedy in Dallas, Texas, November
dialog: 22-23. Information received by the
dialog: Bureau has determined that a militant
dialog: revolutionary group may attempt to
dialog: assassinate President Kennedy on his
dialog: proposed trip to Dallas, Texas, etc,
dialog: etc..."
text: FLASHBACK TO New Orleans FBI office in 1963. Walter, the
text: night clerk, receives the teletype, reads it, and runs it.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: ...shortly after the assassination,
dialog: Walter says, the telex was removed
dialog: from all the files in all cities, as
dialog: an obvious embarrassment to the
dialog: Bureau. I believe Oswald was sending
dialog: information through Hosty...
text: FLASHBACK TO a Dallas safe house in 1963. Oswald, Ruby, and
text: several Cubans including the Bull and the Indian are talking.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I have a hunch that from the get go,
dialog: Oswald had infiltrated this group,
dialog: probably Cubans or right-wing
dialog: extremists. He was at the Book
dialog: Depository that day, told to be there
dialog: by their handlers, either to prevent
dialog: the assassination or to take part in
dialog: it. They coulda told him anything,
dialog: either 1) they were going to close
dialog: down the plotters that day, or 2)
dialog: they were going to fake an attack on
dialog: Kennedy to whip up public opinion
dialog: against Russia or Cuba and reverse
dialog: his policies - it doesn't really
dialog: matter what they told him, 'cause he
dialog: was under orders, he was a foot
dialog: soldier.
text: Underneath the voice-over we hear and see Oswald, with a
text: floor plan of the Book Depository, at the center of the group.
text: Jack Ruby, Bull, and the Indian, two or three young Cubans
text: and a young white shooter - the man in the plaid shirt
text: described by Julia Ann Mercer - are also there.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: (to the two young
dialog: Cubans)
dialog: I can get you in and up there. This
text: is a shot out the southeast window
dialog: of the sixth floor. That floor will
text: be unoccupied between noon and one.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: What about the elevator?
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: I can close it off. The only access
text: is a stairwell.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: We get them in as an air-conditioning
dialog: unit.
speaker_heading: RUBY
text: No. A floor refurbishing group.
dialog: Got the van, the uniforms...
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: (his back to the screen)
dialog: ...if we can get the motorcade to
dialog: turn from Main onto Houston, that'll
dialog: do the trick, 'cause it'll slow down
dialog: to make the turn here. You can't
dialog: miss.
dialog: (to the two young
dialog: Cubans)
dialog: He's a dead duck.
text: Ruby shares a look with Bull unbeknownst to Oswald, and then
text: we see the looks on the faces of Jim's team.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I don't buy it, chief - why would
dialog: the FBI cover it up? You're talking
dialog: the whole FBI here. A telex that
dialog: disappears from every single FBI
dialog: office in the country?
speaker_heading: JIM
text: There's a word - orders.
text: Back in Garrison's office in 1968.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Or a cover up! Jesus, Bill, don't
dialog: you have enough proof of the FBI's
dialog: complicity now?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (to Susie)
dialog: Maybe I have a little more respect
dialog: for this country's institutions than
dialog: you do, Susie. You tell me how the
dialog: hell you can keep a conspiracy going
dialog: between the Mob, the CIA, FBI, and
dialog: Army Intelligence and who knows what
dialog: else, when you know you can't even
dialog: keep a secret in this room between
dialog: 12 people! We got leaks everywhere!
dialog: We're going to trial here! What the
dialog: hell do we really got? Oswald, Ruby,
dialog: Banister, Ferrie are dead. Shaw -
dialog: maybe he's an agent, I don't know,
dialog: but as a covert operator in my book
dialog: he's wide open for blackmail 'cause
dialog: of his homosexuality.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Shaw's our toehold, Bill. I don't
dialog: know exactly what he is, where he
dialog: fits, and I don't care. I do know
text: he's lying through his teeth and I'm
dialog: not gonna let go of him!
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: So for those reasons, you're going
dialog: to trial against Clay Shaw, chief?
dialog: Well, you're gonna lose! We should
dialog: be investigating all our Mafia leads
dialog: here in New Orleans - Carlos Marcello,
dialog: Santos Trafficante - I can buy that
dialog: a hell of a lot easier than the
dialog: Government. Ruby's all Mob, knows
text: Oswald, sets him up. Hoffa -
dialog: Trafficante - Marcello, they hire
dialog: some guns and they do Kennedy and
dialog: maybe the Government doesn't want to
dialog: open up a whole can o'worms there
dialog: because it used the Mob to get to
dialog: Castro. Y'know, Castro being
dialog: assassinated sounds pretty wild to
dialog: John Q. Citizen. So they close the
text: book on J.F.K. It makes sense to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't doubt their involvement,
dialog: Bill, but at a low level. Could the
dialog: Mob change the parade route, Bill,
dialog: or eliminate the protection for the
dialog: President? Could the Mob send Oswald
dialog: to Russia and get him back? Could
dialog: the Mob get the FBI, the CIA, and
dialog: the Dallas Police to make a mess of
dialog: the investigation? Could the Mob
dialog: appoint the Warren Commission to
dialog: cover it up? Could the Mob wreck
dialog: the autopsy? Could the Mob influence
dialog: the national media to go to sleep?
dialog: And since when has the Mob used
dialog: anything but .38's for hits, up close?
dialog: The Mob wouldn't have the guts or
dialog: the power for something of this
dialog: magnitude. Assassins need payrolls,
dialog: orders, times, schedules. This was
text: a military-style ambush from start
dialog: to finish... a coup d'etat with Lyndon
text: Johnson waiting in the wings.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Oh, now you're saying Lyndon Johnson
dialog: was involved? The President of the
dialog: United States?
text: His voice is challenging. There's a pause. The men exchange
text: looks and wait.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know this, Bill - Lyndon Johnson
dialog: got $1 billion for his Texas friends,
dialog: Brown and Root, to dredge Cam Ranh
dialog: Bay for the military in Vietnam.
dialog: That's just for openers.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Boss, are you calling the President
dialog: a murderer?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If I'm so far from the truth, why is
dialog: the FBI bugging our offices? Why
dialog: are our witnesses being bought off
dialog: and murdered? Why are Federal
dialog: agencies blocking our extraditions
dialog: and subpoenas when we were never
dialog: blocked before?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Maybe 'cause there's some rogue
dialog: element in the Government!
text: The others in the room groan at the reasoning. Bill feels
text: embittered, cornered.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: With a full-blown conspiracy to cover
dialog: it up? Y'ever read your Shakespeare,
dialog: Bill?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Julius Caesar: "Brutus and Cassius,
dialog: they too are honorable men." Who
dialog: killed Caesar? Twenty, twenty-five
dialog: Senators. All it takes is one Judas,
text: Bill - a few people, on the inside,
dialog: Pentagon, CIA...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (he gets up)
dialog: This is Louisiana, chief. How the
dialog: hell do you know who your daddy is?
dialog: 'Cause your momma told you so...
dialog: You're way out there taking a crap
dialog: in the wind, boss, and I for one
dialog: ain't going along on this one.
dialog: (he exits)
text: Jim sighs, saddened. Bill was one
dialog: of his best men.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Chief, I've had my doubts about Bill
text: for a long time. He's fighting
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We need him back.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Bill wasted a goddamn month trying
dialog: to prove that mob boys like Barding
dialog: and Jack Ruby played ball in right
dialog: field with Hunt Oil.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I don't trust the guy.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Gentlemen, I will not hear this. I
dialog: value Bill as much as anyone here.
dialog: (Lou reacts angrily)
dialog: We all need to make room for someone
dialog: else's ideas, Lou, especially me.
dialog: Maybe Oswald is what everyone says
dialog: he is and I'm just plain dumb wrong.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I've seen him copying files, leaving
dialog: here late at night.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I just plain don't trust him anymore.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Maybe you didn't hear what I said.
dialog: I will not tolerate this infighting
dialog: among the staff, I warn you that...
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Boss, then I'm afraid I can't continue
dialog: working with Bill.
text: Tension, silence.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pause, then quietly)
dialog: Are you giving me an ultimatum, Lou?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Well, if that's what you want to
dialog: call it. I didn't ever think it
dialog: would come to this. I guess I am,
dialog: boss.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I will not have any damned ultimatums
dialog: put to me, Lou. I'll accept your
dialog: resignation.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You sure got it. You're one stubborn
dialog: and stupid sonofabitch D.A. and you're
dialog: making one hell of a mistake!
text: He storms out.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Aren't you being a little hard?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I don't think I am, Susie. Anyone
dialog: else?
scene_heading: GARRISON'S LIVING ROOM - (1968)
text: It's after dinner and toys scattered around the living room.
text: Snapper is chasing his sister Elizabeth around. Virginia,
text: 6, runs to the ringing phone in the living room, as her mother
text: and Mattie, stunned, watch the news of Martin Luther King's
text: death on TV.
speaker_heading: MATTIE
dialog: My God! My God! What have they
dialog: done!
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: It's lynchin' time!
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: I'll get it.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: Hello. Is this Jim Garrison's
dialog: daughter?
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: Virginia or Elizabeth?
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: Virginia.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: Virginia, you're a lucky little girl.
dialog: Your daddy has entered you in a beauty
dialog: contest. Would you like to be in a
dialog: beauty contest?
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: That sounds fun.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: I need some information from you
dialog: then. How old are you?
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: Six.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: And how tall are you?
text: CUT TO Jim's study, where Jim also watches the news in horror.
text: We see TV images of Martin Luther King on the motel balcony,
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 9
dialog: To repeat - 39-year-old Martin Luther
dialog: King, who preached non-violence and
dialog: won the Nobel Peace Prize, was cut
dialog: down earlier today by a sniper's
text: bullets while standing on the porch
dialog: of the Lorraine Motel in Memphis,
text: Tennessee. He was surrounded by his
text: closest aides. The police say they
dialog: have no suspects at this time. Mr.
dialog: King...
text: Jim, visibly shaken, slams his book down on the desk in
dialog: frustration.
text: BACK TO the male voice on the phone.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: And you get of from school at 3 every
dialog: day?
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: Do you walk home?
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Liz comes to the phone, a wary look on her face.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (taking the phone)
dialog: Who are you talking to?
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: Okay, Virginia, that's all I need to
dialog: know. I'll call you again when it's
dialog: time for the beauty contest.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Who's this?... Hello?... Hello?
text: After a pause, the man hangs up.
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Mama, I'm going to be in a beauty
dialog: contest!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: What did he ask you?
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: Well, he asked me everything. He
dialog: asked me...
text: Liz freaks out. She marches into Jim's study.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Did you enter Virginia into a beauty
dialog: contest?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (absorbed in the TV)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (hysterical)
text: A man just called. He asked her
dialog: everything!
dialog: Her height, her weight, when she came home from school.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Honey, some crackpot. Martin Luther
dialog: King was killed in Memphis today!
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Your daughter's life was just
dialog: threatened!
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Just a crank making phone calls.
dialog: Happens a dozen times a day at the
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Our home, Jim! A kidnapper, a
dialog: murderer, who knows!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Only cowards make crank calls,
dialog: sweetheart, nothing is going to
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: How do you know? How do you even
dialog: know what goes on in this house
dialog: anymore! You're too busy making
text: speeches, stirring up every crazed
dialog: Klansman in Louisiana after us!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Get a hold of yourself.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I'm leaving. I'm taking the kids
dialog: and I'm leaving! I won't stand it
dialog: anymore.
text: The kids, hearing the shouting, come to watch from the door
dialog: of the study.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Honey, come on. The government wants
dialog: you to be scared. They want everybody
dialog: to be scared to speak out. They
dialog: count on it. But there's nothing to
dialog: be scared of.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You and your government! What's the
dialog: matter with you? Don't you have any
dialog: feelings? Your daughter! What kind
dialog: of man are you?
text: Jim controls himself, shoos the kids out, closes the door.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'll take them up to my mother's if
dialog: it'll make you feel better. Spend a
dialog: week. I'll change the locks, the
dialog: phone lines, I'll even get a
dialog: bodyguard, all right? Elizabeth,
dialog: get a hold of yourself.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Jim, before this Kennedy thing,
dialog: nothing mattered to you in this life
dialog: more than your children. The other
dialog: night Jasper tried to show you a
dialog: drawing. You didn't even notice he
text: was there. He came to me bawling
dialog: his little eyes out. Jim, he's
dialog: sensitive - he needs more from you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I promise I'll make more time for
dialog: Jasper.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Is it such a chore? I don't
dialog: understand you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Damn it, if I say I'll spend more
dialog: time with him, I'll spend more time
dialog: with him. I can't fight you and the
dialog: world too, Liz.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I'm not fighting you, Jim, I'm just
dialog: trying to reach you. You've changed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Of course, I've changed! My eyes
dialog: have opened, and once they're open,
dialog: believe me, what used to look normal
dialog: seems insane! And now King. Don't
dialog: you think this has something to do
dialog: with that? Can't you see?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (she explodes)
dialog: I don't want to see, goddammit! I'm
dialog: tired. I've had enough! They say
dialog: you don't have anything anyway!
dialog: Everybody in town's talking. You're
dialog: ruining this man Shaw's life! You're
dialog: attacking him because he's homosexual!
dialog: Going ahead with this stupid "trial"!
dialog: Did you ever once stop and consider
dialog: what he's going through?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (astounded)
dialog: That's not why I'm attacking him!
dialog: You don't believe me - all this time
dialog: you never believed me.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Oh, I don't know anymore! I believe
dialog: there was a conspiracy, but not the
dialog: government. I just want to raise
dialog: our children and live a normal life!
dialog: I want my life back!
text: The children press in at the door. Mattie, ignoring them,
text: is enraged as she watches King's eulogy on TV. Riots are
text: already breaking out.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well so do I, goddammit! So do I!
dialog: I had a life too, y'know - I had a
dialog: life, too. But you just can't bury
dialog: your head in the sand like some
dialog: ostrich, goddammit, Elizabeth! It's
dialog: not just about you - and your well-
dialog: being and your two cars and your
dialog: kitchen and your TV and "I'm jes
dialog: fine honey." While our kids grow up
dialog: into a shithole of lies! Well, I'm
dialog: not "fine" about that, I'm angry.
dialog: My life is fucked, Liz! And yours
dialog: is, too! And if you don't want to
dialog: support me I can understand that but
dialog: don't you go start making threats of
text: taking the children away.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You never talked to me this way
dialog: before, Jim Garrison. I'm not making
dialog: any threats. I'm leaving you. I'm
dialog: taking the kids to my mother's. I
dialog: am - I am.
text: She runs out, past the stunned kids, sobbing as she goes up
text: the stairs. Jim pursues her like an angry spirit, yelling
text: up the stairs at her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Go on then, get out! Go hide
dialog: someplace. Join the rest of them!
dialog: They'll tell you I'm crazy. You got
dialog: plenty of people'll tell you Jim
dialog: Garrison's crazy. You won't have a
dialog: problem filing your divorce papers
dialog: on me ...somebody's got to try,
dialog: goddammit, somebody!
text: The kids move away, fearful. Quaking with rage and hurt,
text: Jim stands there at the bottom of the stairs, strangled with
text: pain. He takes a law dictionary in his hand and throws it
text: across the room. Jasper and Virginia come over to him.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Are we going away, Daddy?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, it looks like it, Jasper.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Because of Kennedy?
dialog: (a beat. Jim doesn't
dialog: answer)
dialog: Are the same people gonna kill us,
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, Jasper, nobody's gonna kill us.
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: Do you love us?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes, of course I do, honey.
speaker_heading: VIRGINIA
dialog: No. I mean like mommy loves us.
dialog: She really loves us.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I'm scared.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (bending down)
dialog: There's nothing wrong with feeling a
dialog: little scared, Jasper, Virginia.
dialog: Telling the truth can be a scary
dialog: thing. It scared President Kennedy,
dialog: but he was a brave man. If you let
dialog: yourself be too scared, then you let
dialog: the bad guys take over the country,
dialog: don't you - and then everybody gets
dialog: scared.
speaker_heading: JASPER/VIRGINIA
dialog: Stay with Mom, Daddy... please.
scene_heading: JERRY JOHNSON SHOW - (1968)
text: The band strikes up "When the Saints Go Marching In"
text: introducing Jim, who strides in from the wings to shake hands
text: with Jerry Johnson, the friendly-looking host.
speaker_heading: SIDEKICK
dialog: And now, Jerry, here's Big Jim
dialog: Garrison, District Attorney of New
dialog: Orleans, Louisiana.
text: The audience is enthusiastic. Jim smiles and waves, then
text: sits down next to Johnson.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Welcome, District Attorney Garrison.
dialog: May I call you Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I've been called everything under
dialog: the sun, Jerry. Call me whatever
dialog: you like.
text: He reads from a script on the desk.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: First we had your charge that the
dialog: Cuban exiles killed the President,
dialog: then the Mob, then you said the oil
dialog: billionaires did it, then you said
dialog: the Minutemen and the Ku Klux Klan
dialog: collaborated to do it, now your latest
dialog: theory seems to be that the CIA and
dialog: the FBI and the Pentagon and the
dialog: White House all combined in some
dialog: elaborate conspiracy to kill John
dialog: Kennedy. Let me ask you, is there
dialog: anyone besides Lee Harvey Oswald who
dialog: you think did not conspire to kill
dialog: the President?
text: He fixes his eyes on Jim, waiting for a reply. A weariness
text: has set in on Jim. Once more into the slaughter.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How many hours do I have to answer
dialog: that one? Well let's just say this,
dialog: Jerry - I've stopped beating my wife.
dialog: (the audience laughs)
dialog: Or maybe you should ask Lyndon
dialog: Johnson. We know he has some answers.
text: The audience, loving it, cheers. Johnson looks at Jim
text: blankly, and reads the next question on his list.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: There have been a number of reports
dialog: in reputable news media - Time,
dialog: Newsweek, our own NBC - that you
dialog: have gone way beyond the legal means
dialog: available to a prosecutor, that you've
dialog: intimidated and drugged witnesses,
dialog: bribed them, urged them to commit
dialog: perjury. What is your response?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Your faith in the veracity of the
dialog: major media is touching, Jerry. It
dialog: indicates that the Age of Innocence
dialog: is not yet over. But seriously,
dialog: Jerry, people aren't interested in
dialog: Jim Garrison - they want the hard
dialog: evidence! They want to know why he
dialog: was killed and what forces were
dialog: opposed to...
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Some people would say you're paranoid.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, if I am, why is the Government
dialog: concealing evidence?
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Are they? Why would they?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pulling out his
dialog: briefcase)
dialog: That's exactly my question, Jerry.
dialog: Maybe I'd better show you some
dialog: pictures so you can begin to
dialog: understand what I am talking about.
text: He pulls out a large blowup of the Allen photo of the three
text: hoboes and starts to hold it up in front of the camera.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: These arrests were photographed
dialog: minutes after the assassination, and
dialog: were never shown to the American
dialog: public. They show...
text: It takes Johnson a few moments to realize what's happening.
text: When he does, he lunges like a cobra for the photographs,
text: pulling Jim's arm down so the pictures are out of the camera's
dialog: view.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Pictures like this don't show up on
dialog: television!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (holding the picture
dialog: up again)
dialog: Sure they do. The camera can pick
dialog: this up.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: (yanking his arm down)
dialog: No, it can't!
text: Jim swings the picture up a third time, but the stage director
text: gives a "cut" signal - finger across the throat - and the
text: red light on the camera blinks off. The monitor shows another
text: camera panning the audience.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (quickly realizes
dialog: he's about to be cut
dialog: off)
dialog: Those men you just saw were arrested
dialog: in Dallas minutes after the
dialog: assassination. They were never seen
dialog: again. No record of arrest, no
text: fingerprint, no mugshot, nothing.
dialog: They all got away.
text: The director frantically gives Johnson the "cut" sign.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: We'll be back after these messages.
text: The audience cheers as the commercial comes on.
speaker_heading: GARRISON'S HOME - (1968)
text: Jim comes home. His wife and two of the children are waiting
text: in the doorway. They kiss. Al Oser interrupts.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Jim, bad news. Bill's turned, boss.
dialog: I think he's given everything we've
dialog: got to the Feds.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: We studied the memos - there was
dialog: nothing there, chief, nothing! When
dialog: we went to confront him, the landlady
dialog: said that sonofabitch just took off,
dialog: left everything.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Something sure scared him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Bill doesn't scare that easy.
dialog: Somebody got to his thinking. He
dialog: was never that good a thinker.
text: On the TV, the news is on.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 9
dialog: Much is at stake tonight in
dialog: California. Public opinion polls
dialog: show Senator Robert Kennedy of New
dialog: York leading Senator Eugene McCarthy
dialog: of Minnesota. Their anti-Vietnam
text: War message is obviously striking a
dialog: chord with the voters, and whoever
dialog: wins tonight will certainly emerge
dialog: as the favorite over Vice-President
dialog: Humphrey to win the nomination in
dialog: Chicago in August. That man now
text: seems to be Senator Kennedy.
text: We see a shot of Robert Kennedy in Los Angeles with his
dialog: supporters.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Sure sounds like he's winning.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He'll never make it. If he wins,
dialog: they'll kill him. He wants to avenge
dialog: his brother. He'll stop that war.
dialog: No, they'll kill him before they let
dialog: him become President.
text: Liz shares a look with Al and Numa.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Boss, with Broussard they have
dialog: everything. All our witnesses, our
dialog: strategy for the trial. We'd have
dialog: to doublecheck all his work, there
dialog: could be false leads... we gotta
dialog: rethink this trial.
dialog: We don't have a choice.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't think so, Al. You remember
dialog: the Hemingway story, "The Old Man
dialog: and the Sea"?
dialog: (Al nods)
text: The old fisherman manages to catch
dialog: this great fish - a fish so huge he
dialog: has to tie it to the side of the
dialog: boat to get it back in. But by the
dialog: time he reached shore, the fish had
dialog: long since been picked apart by sharks
text: and nothing was left but the skeleton.
speaker_heading: NUMA
dialog: Then what are we going through all
dialog: this trouble for?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's a means to an end. This war
dialog: has two fronts - in the court of
dialog: law, we hope, against the odds, to
text: nail Clay Shaw on a conspiracy charge.
dialog: In the court of public opinion, it
dialog: could take another 25 or 30 years
dialog: for the truth to come out, but at
dialog: least we're going to strike the first
dialog: blow.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: And if you're wrong?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I never doubted for a second that I
dialog: was.
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Will you come to the trial, Elizabeth?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: I don't think so, Jim...
text: She walks out.
text: We see the outside of Jim's house and hear crickets chirping -
text: the purr of the suburb. Inside, the TV election results are
text: still on.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 1
dialog: With 53% of the precincts reporting,
dialog: Senator Kennedy continues to hold a
dialog: lead of 48% to 41% over Senator
dialog: McCarthy. CBS News has projected
dialog: Senator Robert Kennedy the winner of
dialog: the crucial California primary.
text: Jim is in the kitchen fixing himself a sandwich. There's a
text: strange feeling in the house. We hear the wind - a shutter
text: sighing. Jim suddenly doesn't feel alone in the kitchen.
scene_heading: ROBERT KENNEDY
dialog: (voice over on TV)
dialog: ...and that is what has been going
dialog: on within the United States over the
dialog: last three years - the division, the
dialog: violence, the disenchantment, whether
dialog: it's between blacks and whites,
dialog: between poor and the more affluent,
dialog: or between age groups or the war in
dialog: Vietnam - we can start to work
dialog: together. We are a great country,
dialog: an unselfish country and a
dialog: compassionate country. I intend to
dialog: make that my basis for running.
text: He waves and leaves the podium, going back through the kitchen
text: of the hotel. Jim is frozen in his spot, shaken. The ghost
text: of Jack Kennedy - as he was before the killing - stares at
text: him through the kitchen, as if encased in a hologram. The
text: hooded eyes watch Jim without expression. They're
text: communicating, in some strange subliminal way. Suddenly
text: shots ring out from the television and there's pandemonium.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 1
dialog: (shaken)
text: SENATOR KENNEDY HAS BEEN SHOT! WE
text: DO NOT KNOW HOW SERIOUS IT IS YET.
text: SENATOR KENNEDY HAS BEEN SHOT.
text: The television shows a scene of confusion. Jim walks out,
text: looking at the TV, struck down with his foreknowledge and
dialog: his inability to do anything about it.
text: In their bedroom upstairs that night, Jim gently wakes Liz
text: and holds her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They killed him, honey.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (groggily)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (strangled)
dialog: He won... and they killed Robert
text: Kennedy. They shot him down.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (realizing, with terror)
dialog: Oh no! No! I can't believe it. I
dialog: can't believe it. Both of them,
dialog: both brothers, oh my God!
text: She clings to him, horrified. He caresses her hair. They
text: look in each other's eyes.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You're right, it hasn't ended, has
dialog: it?
text: He kisses her gently - They start to make love, numbed,
text: needing each other, needing their love in an increasingly
dialog: terrifying world.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: I wish I could've loved you more...
dialog: I feel sometimes like I didn't ever..
dialog: love you or the children enough...
dialog: I'm sorry.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE COURTS BUILDING - NEW ORLEANS -(JAN. 1969)
text: The scene is like a circus. Armed, uniformed guards with
text: walkie-talkies are everywhere. Guards with rifles are on
text: the rooftop. There are crowds of reporters from around the
text: world and many onlookers. Everyone going into the courtroom
text: is frisked by electronic metal detectors.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COURTROOM
text: Jim, accompanied by Mattie, the maid, but not his wife, forges
text: his way through a tightly packed crowd to the prosecution
text: table, joining Al, Susie, Numa, and others from his team.
text: Young law student have come to watch. The crowd is noisy to
text: the point of unruliness. Suddenly there's a hush as everyone
text: cranes their necks to see Clay Shaw and his attorneys, Irvin
text: Dymond and two others, enter the court. Shaw, impeccably
text: dressed, his high handsome cheekbones sucking on an ever-
text: present cigarette in a porcelain filter (smoking in court
text: was allowed then), smiles to those who greet him as if they
text: were not really there and limps past Jim with a stony
text: indifference.
text: The clerk starts pounding the gavel to call the court to
text: order as Judge Edward Aloysius Haggerty sweeps in and takes
text: the bench. He's a stocky little Jimmy Cagney look alike
text: with fierce blue eyes under bushy brows. The jurors - nine
text: white men and three black men - all dressed in suits and
dialog: ties, look on.
text: CUT TO Willie O'Keefe pointing out Clay Shaw.
speaker_heading: O'KEEFE
dialog: That's Clay Bertrand. That's the
dialog: man I saw at David Ferrie's.
text: Irvin Dymond cross-examines O'Keefe.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: (words wafting)
dialog: That's who you say you saw... a
dialog: confessed homosexual, convicted of
dialog: solicitation, pandering... a man who
dialog: has lied about most everything, who...
text: TIME CUT TO Vernon Bundy, a poor black man, who points at
dialog: Shaw.
speaker_heading: BUNDY
dialog: It was that man there, yessir. He
text: was at the Pontchartrain wall with
dialog: the man who shot the President. I
dialog: remember him cause o' his limp there.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
text: A heroin addict, injecting himself
text: at the wall, barely conscious...
text: TIME CUT TO Jim looking over at a strange man, Matthews, a
text: kind of lawyer, making notes and conferring with Shaw and
text: Dymond. Matthews seems to have some authority over both
dialog: men.
text: Corrie Collins, a black woman who is one of the CORE workers
text: from Clinton, is on the stand.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (pointing at Shaw)
dialog: ...that was the man there. He dropped
dialog: Oswald off on the voter line. I
dialog: remember 'cause they were the only
text: white strangers around that morning.
dialog: That big, black Cadillac of his made
dialog: me think they might be FBI.
text: TIME CUT TO the Town Marshall on the stand.
speaker_heading: TOWN MARSHALL
dialog: (looking at Shaw)
dialog: ...said he was a representative of
dialog: one International Trade Mart in New
dialog: Orleans.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: ...more than five years ago, for two
dialog: minutes. It's fair to say you could
dialog: be mistaken, isn't it?
text: TIME CUT TO Dymond cross-examining Dean Andrews, shaking his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: ...figment of my imagination... The
dialog: cat's stewing me, the oyster's
dialog: shucking me I told him, you got the
dialog: right at-at but the wrong oh-oh...
dialog: Bertrand is not Shaw, scout's honor
dialog: and you can tell him I said so...
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: (counter-arguing)
dialog: Objection, your Honor. This office
dialog: has won a conviction of perjury
dialog: against Dean Andrews on this matter.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: Exception taken. That case is on
dialog: appeal!
text: Arguments follow.
text: TIME CUT TO Charles Goldberg, a mild-looking New York
text: accountant, on the stand with Dymond cross-examing.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: (relishing this)
dialog: Mr. Goldberg, you claim you met David
dialog: Ferrie and Clay Shaw while on a
dialog: vacation here from your accounting
dialog: business in New York, you had drinks
dialog: and, under the influence discussed
dialog: killing Kennedy, is that not so?
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: Well, I wanted to make sure she's
dialog: the same girl I sent.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: I see... and why are you experiencing
dialog: this paranoia?
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: (launching into his
dialog: explanation)
dialog: Well, you see, I've been subject to
dialog: hypnosis and psychological warfare
dialog: ever since 1948, when I was in
dialog: Korea...
text: We see the faces of people in the courtroom... the judge's
text: face... obviously Goldberg is disturbed (or maybe he is
text: telling the truth, but it doesn't play well)... Jim looks at
text: Al sickly.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: He was one of Broussard's witnesses,
dialog: chief. I'm sorry. He was totally
dialog: sane when we took his affidavit.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: But how does Dymond know what to
dialog: ask? FUCK! We're dead.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: When someone tries to get your
dialog: attention - catch your eye - that's
text: a clue right off.
text: TIME CUT TO Jim calling Officer Habighorst to testify.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Your Honor, I call police officer
text: Aloysisus Habighorst to the stand.
text: Habighorst, the clean-cut police officer who booked Clay
text: Shaw on the day of his arrest, starts forward.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HAGGERTY
dialog: I'm going to have to ask the jury to
text: leave the courtroom.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: What?
text: This is an ugly surprise for Jim. We see him at the bench
text: arguing loudly with the judge. Susie, Dymond and Al are
dialog: also there.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HAGGERTY
dialog: I'm sorry, Jim, but the defendant
dialog: did not have his lawyer present when
dialog: asked.
text: FLASHBACK TO 1967, in the New Orleans police station. Shaw
text: is being booked. The press is there and Habighorst is
text: questioning him.
speaker_heading: HABIGHORST
dialog: Any alias?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Clay Bertrand.
text: We see a close-up on Habighorst typing this in.
speaker_heading: GARRISON (V.O.)
dialog: Jesus, Ed, from time immemorial it's
dialog: been standard booking procedure to
dialog: ask an alias. You know that. There's
dialog: no constitutional requirement that
dialog: says a lawyer has to be present for
dialog: routine questions.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HAGGERTY
dialog: I call'em as I see'em, Jim. I'm
dialog: ruling it inadmissible.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: That's our case!
speaker_heading: JUDGE HAGGERTY
dialog: If that's your case, you didn't have
dialog: a case. I wouldn't believe whatever
dialog: Habighorst said, anyway.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I can't believe you're saying this
text: in the courtroom.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HAGGERTY
dialog: (feistier)
dialog: Well, I am saying it. Bring in the
dialog: jury.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: We're filing for a writ to the
dialog: appellate court.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HAGGERTY
dialog: You do that.
text: Dymond goes back to Shaw, very please. Shaw smokes, icy.
text: Jim, devastated, sits, feeling it's over.
text: CUT TO Clay Shaw on the stand. Dymond cross-examines him.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: ...Oswald?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: No, I did not.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: ...ever called Dean Andrews?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: No, I did not.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: ...and have you ever met David Ferrie?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: (with a smirk of
dialog: amusement)
dialog: No, I would not even know what he
dialog: looked like except for the pictures
dialog: I've been shown.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: ...did you ever use the alias Clay
dialog: Bertrand?
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: No, I did not.
speaker_heading: DYMOND
dialog: Thank you... Mr. Shaw.
text: Jim rises slowly out of his chair.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, a very great actor has just
dialog: given us a great performance, Your
dialog: Honor, but we are nowhere closer to
dialog: the truth. Let it be noted, my office
dialog: is charging Clay Shaw with outright
dialog: perjury on the fifteen answers he
dialog: has given, not one word of this...
speaker_heading: JUDGE HAGGERTY
dialog: You're out of order, Jim Boy, now
dialog: sit down. Strike those remarks!!
text: CUT TO later in the trial. A movie screen has been installed
text: for the jury. Jim paces dramatically, as if waiting, casting
text: looks at the door. Members of the press pack the hot room,
text: and a fan turns overhead.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: To prove their was a conspiracy
dialog: involving Clay Shaw we must prove
dialog: there was more than one man involved
dialog: in the assassination. To do that,
dialog: we must look at the Zapruder film,
dialog: which my office has subpoenaed. The
dialog: American public has not seen that
dialog: film because it has been kept locked
text: in a vault in the Time-Life Building
dialog: in New York City for the last five
dialog: years. There is a reason for that.
dialog: Watch.
text: The Zapruder film (8mm) now rolls. We have seen pieces of
text: it before in the opening of the film, but now we see it whole.
dialog: It is crucial that this piece of film be repeated several
text: times during the trial to drive home a point that is easily
text: lost on casual viewing. The first viewing is silent except
text: for the sound of the clanky projector. It lasts about 25
text: seconds, and then the lights come on. The jury is shaken.
text: The judge is shaken. The people in the courtroom murmur.
text: Even Clay Shaw is surprised at what he has seen. Jim says
text: nothing, letting the truth of it sink in. Then:
speaker_heading: JIM
text: A picture speaks a thousand words.
dialog: Yet sometimes the truth is too simple
dialog: for some... The Warren Commission
dialog: thought they had an open and shut
dialog: case: three bullets, one assassin -
dialog: but two things happened that made it
dialog: virtually impossible: 1)the Zapruder
dialog: film which you just saw, and 2)the
text: third wounded man, Jim Tague, who
text: was nicked by a fragment down by the
dialog: Triple Underpass. The time frame of
dialog: 5.6 seconds established by the
dialog: Zapruder film left no possibility of
text: a fourth shot from Oswald's rifle,
dialog: but the shot or fragment that left a
text: superficial wound on Tague's cheek
dialog: had to come from a bullet that missed
dialog: the car entirely. Now they had two
dialog: bullets that hit, and we know one of
dialog: them was the fatal head shot. So a
dialog: single bullet remained to account
dialog: for all seven wounds in Kennedy and
dialog: Connally. But rather than admit to
dialog: a conspiracy or investigate further,
dialog: the Commission chose to endorse the
text: theory put forth by an ambitious
text: junior counsellor, Arlen Specter.
dialog: One of the grossest lies ever forced
dialog: on the American people, we've come
dialog: to know it as the "magic bullet"
dialog: theory.
text: CUT TO a drawing which has been put on a chair for the Jury.
text: Jim has also moved Al, acting as J.F.K., into a chair directly
text: behind the larger Numa, acting as Governor Connally. He
text: demonstrates with a pointer.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: The magic bullet enters the
text: President's back, headed downward at
text: an angle of 17 degrees. It then
text: moves upward in order to leave
text: Kennedy's body from the front of his
dialog: neck - his neck wound number two -
text: where it waits 1.6 seconds, turns
text: right and continues into Connally's
text: body at the rear of his right armpit -
text: wound number three. Then, the bullet
text: heads downward at an angle of 27
text: degrees, shattering Connally's fifth
text: rib and leaving from the right side
text: of his chest - wounds four and five.
text: The bullet continues downward and
text: then enters Connally's right wrist -
dialog: wound number six - shattering the
text: radius bone. It then enters his
dialog: left thigh - wound number seven -
text: from which it later falls out and is
text: found in almost "pristine" condition
text: on a stretcher in a corridor of
dialog: Parkland Hospital.
text: (he shows a mock-up
dialog: of the "pristine"
dialog: bullet)
dialog: That's some bullet. Anyone who's
dialog: been in combat can tell you never in
dialog: the history of gunfire has there
dialog: been a bullet like this.
dialog: (the court laughs)
text: The Army Wound Ballistics experts at
dialog: Edgewood Arsenal fired some comparison
dialog: bullets and not one of them looked
dialog: anything like this one.
text: (he shows mock-ups of
dialog: comparison bullets)
text: Take a look at CE 856, an identical
text: bullet fired through the wrist of a
text: human cadaver - just one of the bones
text: smashed by the magic bullet. Yet
dialog: the government says it can prove
dialog: this with some fancy physics in a
dialog: nuclear laboratory. Of course they
dialog: can. Theoretical physics can prove
text: an elephant can hang from a cliff
text: with it's tail tied to a daisy, but
dialog: use your eyes - your common sense -
dialog: (he holds the bullet)
dialog: Seven wounds, skin, bone. This single
dialog: bullet explanation is the foundation
dialog: of the Warren Commission's claim of
dialog: a lone assassin. And once you
dialog: conclude the magic bullet could not
dialog: create all seven of those wounds,
dialog: you have to conclude there was a
text: fourth shot and a second rifleman.
dialog: And if there was a second rifleman,
dialog: there had to be a conspiracy, which
dialog: we believe involved the accused Clay
dialog: Shaw. Fifty-one witnesses, gentlemen
dialog: of the jury, thought they heard shots
text: coming from the Grassy Knoll, which
text: is to the right and front of the
dialog: President.
text: Jim walks to a drawing of an overhead view of Dealey Plaza.
text: On it are dots representing locations of the witnesses. He
text: points to each portion. He pauses and looks out into the
text: courtroom - Liz has entered accompanied by Jasper. Quietly
text: she takes a seat. Jim is unbelieving at first, then very
text: moved. He takes a beat, then:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Key witnesses that day - Charles
text: Brehm, a combat vet, right behind
dialog: Jean Hill and Mary Moorman, S.M.
dialog: Holland and Richard Dodd on the
text: overpass, J.C. Price overlooking the
dialog: whole Plaza, Randolph Carr, a
dialog: steelworker, who served in the Rangers
dialog: in North Africa, William Newman,
dialog: father of two children who hit the
text: deck on the north side of Elm, Abraham
dialog: Zapruder, James Simmons - each of
dialog: these witnesses has no doubt
dialog: whatsoever one or more shots came
dialog: from behind the picket fence! Twenty
dialog: six trained medical personnel at
dialog: Parkland Hospital saw with their own
text: eyes the back of the President's
text: head blasted out.
text: CUT TO: Dr. Peters on the stand.
speaker_heading: PETERS
dialog: (describing the wound)
text: ...a large 7 cm opening in the right
dialog: occipitoparietal area, a considerable
dialog: portion of the brain was missing
dialog: there.
text: (he gestures to his
dialog: head)
text: CUT TO Dr. McClelland on the stand.
speaker_heading: MCCLELLAND
dialog: ...almost a fifth or perhaps a quarter
dialog: of the back of the head - this area
dialog: here...
dialog: (he indicates his
dialog: head)
dialog: ...had been blasted out along with
text: the brain tissue there. The exit
text: hole in the rear of his head was
text: about 120 mm. across. There was
text: also a large piece of skull attached
text: to a flap of skin in the right
dialog: temporal area.
text: FLASHBACK TO: Parkland Hospital Emergency Room on that day
text: in 1963. The doctors work on the President. The wounds on
text: the back of his head are evident but will change later in
text: the autopsy. He is placed in a bronze casket.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Not one of the civilian doctors who
dialog: examined the President at Parkland
dialog: Hospital regarded his throat wound
text: as anything but a wound of entry.
dialog: The doctors found no wounds of entry
text: in the back of the head. But the
dialog: body was then illegally moved to
dialog: Washington for the autopsy.
text: CUT TO: the Secret Service team preparing to wheel the casket
text: out. The Dallas Medical Examiner, Dr. Rose, backed by a
text: justice of the peace, bars the way. A furious wrestling
text: match ensues.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAMINER
dialog: Texas Law, sir, requires the autopsy
dialog: be done here. You're not taking him
dialog: with you!
scene_heading: KENNY O'DONNELL
dialog: Sonofabitch, you're not telling me
dialog: what to do! Get the hell outta the
dialog: way!
text: The Secret Service agents put the doctor and judge up against
text: the wall at gunpoint and sweep out of the hospital.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Because when a coup d'etat has
dialog: occurred there's a big difference
dialog: between an autopsy performed by
dialog: civilian doctors and one by military
text: doctors working for the government.
text: FLASHBACK TO: Love Field the same day. We see Air Force One
text: taking off and a photo of L.B.J. being sworn in.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: The departure of Air Force One from
dialog: Love Field that Friday afternoon was
dialog: not so much a takeoff as it was a
text: getaway with the newly sworn in
dialog: President.
speaker_heading: DYMOND (V.O.)
dialog: Objection, your honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: On the plane, of course, Lee Harvey
dialog: Oswald's guilt was announced by the
dialog: White House Situation Room to the
dialog: passengers before any kind of
dialog: investigation had started. The "lone
dialog: nut" solution is in place.
speaker_heading: DYMOND (V.O.)
dialog: Objection! Your Honor!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained. Mr. Garrison, would you
dialog: please bottle the acid.
text: FLASHBACK TO: the Bethesda autopsy room in 1963. The room
text: is crammed with military officers, Secret Service men and,
text: at the center, three intimidated doctors. Pictures are being
text: taken as they remove bullet fragments.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The three Bethesda Naval Hospital
dialog: doctors picked by the Military left
dialog: something to be desired inasmuch as
dialog: none of them had experience with
text: combat gunfire wounds. Through their
dialog: autopsy we have been able to justify
dialog: eight wounds - three to Kennedy,
dialog: five to Connally - from just two
dialog: bullets, one of these bullets the
dialog: "magic bullet".
text: CUT TO: Jim in court with a series of drawings indicating
text: with arrows entry and exit wounds to Kennedy's neck and head.
text: Dr. Finck is on the stand, erect, very precise, and irritated.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Colonel Finck, are you saying someone
dialog: told you not to dissect the neck?
speaker_heading: FINCK
dialog: I was told that the family wanted
text: examination of the head.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: As a pathologist it was your
dialog: obligation to explore all possible
dialog: causes of death, was it not?
speaker_heading: FINCK
dialog: I had the cause of death.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Your Honor, I would ask you to direct
dialog: the witness to answer my question.
dialog: Why did Colonel Finck not dissect
text: the track of the bullet wound in the
dialog: neck?
speaker_heading: FINCK
dialog: Well I heard Dr. Humes stating that -
dialog: he said...
text: FLASHBACK TO: Bethesda autopsy room.
speaker_heading: HUMES
dialog: Who's in charge here?
speaker_heading: ARMY GENERAL
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: FINCK (V.O.)
dialog: I don't remember his name. You must
dialog: understand it was quite crowded, and
dialog: when you are called in circumstances
dialog: like that to look at the wound of
dialog: the President who is dead, you don't
dialog: look around too much to ask people
dialog: for their names and who they are.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: But you were a qualified pathologist.
dialog: Was this Army general a qualified
dialog: pathologist?
speaker_heading: FINCK (V.O.)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: But you took his orders. He was
text: directing the autopsy.
speaker_heading: FINCK (V.O.)
dialog: No, because there were others. There
dialog: were admirals.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: There were admirals.
speaker_heading: FINCK (V.O.)
dialog: Oh yes, there were admirals - and
dialog: when you are a lieutenant colonel in
dialog: the Army you just follow orders, and
dialog: at the end of the autopsy we were
dialog: specifically told - as I recall it
dialog: was Admiral Kenney, the Surgeon
dialog: General of the Navy - we were
dialog: specifically told not to discuss the
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: KENNEY
dialog: (in Bethesda scene)
dialog: Gentlemen, what you've seen in this
dialog: room is intensely private to the
dialog: Kennedy family and it is not our
dialog: business to...
text: Jim turns away from the jury. His point is made. Finck is
text: no longer on the stand.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: In addition to which, 1) the chief
dialog: pathologist, Commander Humes, by his
dialog: own admission voluntarily burned his
dialog: autopsy notes, 2)never released the
dialog: autopsy photos to the public, 3)
dialog: President Johnson ordered the blood
text: soaked limousine filled with bullet
text: holes and clues to be immediately
dialog: washed and rebuilt, 4) sent John
dialog: Connally's bloody suit right to the
dialog: cleaners, and 5) when my office
dialog: finally got a court order to examine
text: President Kennedy's brain in the
dialog: National Archives in the hopes of
dialog: finding from what direction the
dialog: bullets came, we were told by the
dialog: government the President's brain had
dialog: disappeared!
text: There's a pause, and then a murmur from the court. Jim is
text: on a roll and knows it. The faces in the courtroom are with
text: him, absorbed, horrified. The law students are still there,
text: they have been since day one. But it is Liz's interest that
text: touches him the most.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: So what really happened that day?
dialog: Let's just for a moment speculate,
dialog: shall we? We have the epileptic
text: seizure around 12:15 P.M....
text: distracting the police, making it
dialog: easier for the shooters to move into
text: their places. The epileptic later
dialog: vanished, never checking into the
text: hospital. The A Team gets on the
dialog: 6th floor of the Book Depository...
text: FLASHBACK TO: the Book Depository, 1963. A shooter and two
text: spotters dressed as working men move into the Oswald spot.
text: One spotter produces the Mannlicher-Carcano.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: They were refurbishing the floors in
dialog: the Depository that week, which
dialog: allowed unknown workmen in and out
text: of the building. The men move quickly
text: into position just minutes before
dialog: the shooting.
text: The camera takes the shooter's point of view: we see down
text: the street through a scope. His spotter wears a radio
text: earpiece. The second spotter is working out of the southeast
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: The second spotter is probably calling
text: all the shots on a radio to the two
dialog: other teams. He as the best overall
dialog: view - "the God spot".
text: Inside the Dal-Tex Building, a shooter and a spotter dressed
text: as air-conditioning men move into a small second-story textile
dialog: storage room.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: B Team - one rifleman and one spotter
text: with a headset, with access to the
text: building - moves into a low floor of
dialog: the Dal-Tex Building.
text: At the picket fence a shooter in a Dallas Police uniform
text: moves into place, aiming up Elm Street. His spotter has a
text: radio to his ear. Another man in a Secret Service suit moves
text: further down the fence.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: The third team, the C Team, moves in
text: behind the picket fence above the
text: Grassy Knoll, where the shooter and
text: the spotter are first seen by the
text: late Lee Bowers in the watchtower of
dialog: the railyard. They have the best
dialog: position of all. Kennedy is close
text: and on a flat low trajectory.
dialog: Part of this team is a coordinator who's flashed security
text: credentials at several people, chasing them out of the parking
dialog: lot area.
text: An "agent" in tie and suit moves on the underpass, keeping
text: an eye out.
text: In the crowd on Elm Street, we catch brief glimpses of the
text: umbrella man and the Cuban, neither of them watching Kennedy,
text: both looking around to their teams. There is a third man,
text: heavyset, in a construction helmet.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Probably two to three more men are
text: down in the crowd on Elm... ten to
dialog: twelve men... three teams, three
text: shooters. The triangulation of fire
dialog: Clay Shaw and David Ferrie discussed
dialog: two months before. They've walked
dialog: the Plaza, they know every inch.
dialog: They've calibrated their sights,
dialog: practiced on moving targets. They're
dialog: ready. It's going to be a turkey
text: shoot. Kennedy's motorcade makes
text: the turn from Main onto Houston.
text: J.F.K. waves and turns in slow motion.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Six witnesses see two gunmen on the
text: sixth floor of the Depository moving
dialog: around. Some of them think they're
text: policemen with rifles.
text: From Houston Street we look up at the sixth floor of the
text: Book Depository and see the shooter moving around. Arnold
text: Rowland points him out to his wife.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: (under)
dialog: ...probably a security agent.
text: In the Dallas County Jail, Johnny Powell is one of many
text: convicts housed on the sixth floor - the same height as the
text: men in the Book Depository. We look across to the Depository
text: through cell bars. Johnny and various cell mates are watching
text: two men in the sixth floor of the Depository.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: John Powell, a prisoner on the sixth
dialog: floor of the Dallas County Jail,
text: sees them.
speaker_heading: POWELL
dialog: (under)
dialog: ...quite a few of us saw them.
text: Everybody was hollering and yelling
dialog: and that. We thought is was security
dialog: guys...
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: ...they don't shoot him coming up
dialog: Houston, which is the easiest shot
dialog: for a single shooter in the Book
text: Depository, but they wait till he
dialog: gets to the killing zone between
text: three rifles. Kennedy makes the
text: final turn from Houston onto Elm,
text: slowing down to some 11 miles per
dialog: hour.
text: All the shooters tighten, taking aim. It's a tense moment.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: The shooters across Dealey Plaza
text: tighten, taking their aim across
dialog: their sights... waiting for the
dialog: radio to say "Green Green!" or "Abort
dialog: Abort!"
text: The camera is on Kennedy waving. A MONTAGE follows - all
dialog: the faces in the square that we've introduced in the movie
text: now appear one after the other, watching - the killers, the
text: man with the umbrella, the Newman family, Mary Moorman
text: photographing, Jean Hill, Abraham Zapruder filming it, S.M.
text: Holland, Patrolman Harkness... INTERCUT with the Zapruder
text: and Nix films on J.F.K. in the final seconds coming abreast
text: of the Stemmons Freeway sign.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: The first shot rings out.
text: CUT TO the Dal-Tex shooter firing. We see the back of
text: Kennedy's through his gun sight. Kennedy (stand in) reacts
text: in the Zapruder film.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Sounding like a backfire, it misses
dialog: completely... Frame 161, Kennedy
text: stops waving as he hears something.
text: Connally turns his head slightly to
dialog: the right.
text: Everything goes off very fast now. Repeating intercuts are
text: slowed down with shots of Kennedy reacting in the Zapruder
dialog: film.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Frame 193 - the second shot hits
text: Kennedy in the throat from the front.
dialog: Frame 225 - the President emerging
text: from the road sign. He obviously
text: has been hit, raising his arms to
text: his throat.
text: CUT TO: the picket fence shooter hitting him from the fence.
text: We see Kennedy (stand in) from the point of view of his
text: telescopic sight. In the Zapruder film, we see Kennedy clutch
text: his throat.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Frame 232, the third shot - the
text: President has been hit in the back,
text: drawing him downward and forward.
dialog: Connally, you will notice, shows no
text: signs at all of being hit. He is
text: visibly holding his Stetson which is
dialog: impossible if his wrist has been
text: shattered.
text: CUT TO: the Dal-Tex shooter. We see Kennedy from his point
text: of view, and the Zapruder film in slow motion.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Connally's turning now here. Frame
text: 238... the fourth shot misses Kennedy
text: and takes Connally in the back.
text: This is the key shot that proves two
text: rifles from the rear. This is 1.6
dialog: seconds after the third shot, and we
dialog: know no manual bolt action rifle can
dialog: be recycled in that time. Connally
text: is hit, his mouth drops, he yells
dialog: out, "My God, they're going to kill
dialog: us all"... Here...
text: CUT TO: the sixth floor shooter firing rapidly and missing
text: Kennedy but hitting Connally (stand in).
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: ...the umbrella man is signalling
text: "He's not dead. Keep shooting."
text: James Tague down at the underpass is
text: hit sometime now by another shot
dialog: that misses.
text: CUT TO: the umbrella man pumping his umbrella. The Cuban is
text: looking off. The man on the curb in the construction helmet
text: is looking not at J.F.K. but up at the Book Depository.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: The car brakes. The fifth and fatal
dialog: shot - frame 313 - takes Kennedy in
text: the head from the front...
text: CUT TO the picket fence shooter. We see J.F.K. from his
text: point of view. He fires, and then we see Kennedy in the
text: Zapruder film flying backwards and to his left in a ferocious,
text: conclusive spray of blood and brain tissue. We repeat the
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: This is the key shot. Watch it again.
text: The President going back to his left.
text: Shot from the front and right.
dialog: Totally inconsistent with the shot
dialog: from the Depository. Again -
text: (repeats)... back and two the left.
text: (he repeats it like a mantra)...
text: back and to the left... back and to
dialog: the left.
text: Kennedy's car speeds off. Jackie is like a crawling animal
text: in a pillbox hat on the back of the car. The people on the
text: other side of the underpass wave innocently as the car speeds
text: through with it's horrifying contents. Pigeons fly off the
text: rooftop of the Book Depository.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: What happens then? Pandemonium.
text: The shooters quickly disassemble
dialog: their various weapons, all except
text: the Oswald rifle.
text: CUT TO: sixth floor spotter dumping the Mannlicher - Carcano
text: in a corner as he leaves... and then to the Dal-Tex spotter
text: and shooter, who break down the gun and move out... and then
text: to the spotter with the fence shooter, who quickly breaks
text: down the weapon, throwing it in the trunk of a car parked at
text: the fence. He walks away. The fence shooter, dressed as a
text: policeman, blends with the crowd.
text: CUT TO: the umbrella man and the Cuban sitting quietly
text: together on the north side of the curb of Elm Street.
text: CUT TO: stunned, confused, people in the crowd - some lying
text: on the ground, some running for the Grassy Knoll.
text: Back in the courtroom, patrolman Joe Smith is on the stand.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Patrolman Joe Smith rushed into the
text: parking lot behind the fence. He
text: smelled gunpowder.
text: FLASHBACK TO: the picket fence area where, with his gun drawn,
text: Smith rushes across to a man standing by a car who reacts
text: quickly, producing credentials. He is one of the hoboes.
text: There's a strange moment when the camera moves from Smith's
text: eyes to the man's fingernails.
speaker_heading: SMITH (V.O.)
dialog: ...the character produces credentials
text: from his pocket which showed him to
dialog: be Secret Service. So I accepted
dialog: that and let him go and continued
dialog: our search. But I regretted it,
dialog: 'cause this guy looked like an auto
text: mechanic. He had on a sports shirt
dialog: and pants, but he had dirty
dialog: fingernails. Afterwards it didn't
dialog: ring true, but at the time we were
dialog: so pressed for time.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Yet all Secret Servicemen in Dallas
dialog: that day are accounted for. None
text: were on foot in Dealey Plaza before
dialog: or after the shooting, till Dallas
dialog: Secret Service Chief Forrest Sorrels
text: returned at 12:55.
text: Back in the courtroom, Liz is totally absorbed. Jim exchanges
text: looks with her. The camera movies in for a close - up of
dialog: Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pausing for effect)
dialog: What else was going on in Dealey
dialog: Plaza that day? At least 12 other
dialog: individuals were taken into custody
dialog: by Dallas police. No records of
text: their arrests. Men acting like hoboes
dialog: were being pulled off trains, marched
dialog: through Dealey Plaza, photographed,
dialog: and yet there is no records of their
dialog: arrests.
text: FLASHBACK TO: the three hoboes being arrested ... marching
text: across Dealey Plaza. The hoboes look familiar now.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Men identifying themselves as Secret
dialog: Service Agents were all over the
dialog: place. But who was impersonating
dialog: them?
text: FLASHBACK TO: men in suits, ties, and hats moving people out
text: of the parking lot area ... turning a policeman back.
text: FLASHBACK TO: the Cuban, putting away a radio, and the
text: umbrella man, who now rise and leave the area in opposite
dialog: directions.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: And where was Lee Oswald? Probably
text: in the second floor snack room.
dialog: Eddie Piper and William Shelly saw
text: Oswald eating lunch in the first
text: floor lunch room around twelve.
text: Around 12:15, on her way out of the
text: building to see the motorcade,
dialog: secretary Carolyn Arnold saw Oswald
text: in the second floor snack room, where
dialog: he said he went for a Coke...
text: In the second floor lunchroom of the Book Depository we see
text: Carolyn Arnold, a pregnant secretary, crossing past Oswald,
text: who is in a booth.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN ARNOLD (V.O.)
text: He was sitting in one of the booths
text: on the right hand side of the room.
text: He was alone as usual and appeared
dialog: to be having lunch. I did not speak
dialog: to him but I recognized clearly. I
dialog: remember it was 12:15 or later. It
dialog: coulda been 12:25, five minutes before
dialog: the assassination, I don't exactly
dialog: remember. I was pregnant and I had
text: a craving for a glass of water.
text: On the sixth floor of the depository, Bonnie Ray Williams is
text: eating a chicken lunch, alone.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (VO)
dialog: At the same time, Bonnie Ray Williams
text: is supposedly eating his chicken
dialog: lunch on the sixth floor, at least
text: until 12:15, maybe 12:20 ... he sees
dialog: nobody.
text: On the street, Arnold Rowland and his wife look up at the
text: sixth floor windows and we see, from their point of view,
text: two shadowy figures...
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Down on the street, Arnold Rowland
text: was seeing two men in the sixth floor
dialog: windows... presumably after Bonnie
dialog: Ray Williams finished his lunch and
dialog: left.
text: We see footage of J.F.K. coming up Houston - waving.
text: Oswald walks into the second floor lunchroom as policeman
text: Marrion Baker runs in, gun at his side. He is about 30 feet
text: from Oswald. Roy Truly, the superintendent, runs in a moment
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Kennedy was running five minutes
text: late for his appointment with death.
dialog: He was due at 12:25. If Oswald was
dialog: the assassin, he was certainly pretty
dialog: non-chalant about getting himself
dialog: into position. Later he told Dallas
text: police he was standing in the second
dialog: floor snackroom. Probably told to
dialog: wait there for a phone call by his
dialog: handler. The phones were in the
text: adjacent and empty second floor
text: offices, but the call never came. A
dialog: maximum 90 seconds after Kennedy is
text: shot, patrolman Marrion Baker runs
dialog: into Oswald in that second story
text: lunchroom.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Hey you!
dialog: (to Truly)
dialog: Do you know this man? Is he an
dialog: employee?
speaker_heading: TRULY
dialog: Yes he is.
dialog: (as Baker moves on)
dialog: The President's been shot!
text: Oswald reacts as if hearing it for the first time. Truly
text: and Baker continue running up the stairs. Oswald proceeds
text: to get a Coke and continues out of the room.
text: CUT TO: the sixth floor, where we see Oswald as the shooter.
text: After firing, he runs full speed for the stairs, stashing
text: the rifle on the other side of the loft. Our camera follows
text: him roughly down stairs - we hear the loud sound of his shoes
text: banging on the hollow wood - to the lunchroom, where Patrolman
text: Baker and Superintendent Truly run in. Then they start to
text: repeat the same action as seen in the previous scene.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: ...but what the Warren Report would
dialog: have us believe is that after firing
dialog: 3 bolt action shots in 5.6 seconds,
text: Oswald then leaves three cartridges
text: neatly side by side in the firing
text: nest, wipes the rifle clear of
text: fingerprints, stashes the rifle on
text: the other side of the loft, sprints
text: down five flights of stairs, past
dialog: witnesses Victoria Adams and Sandra
text: Styles who never see him, and then
text: shows up cool and calm on the second
text: floor in front of Patrolman Baker -
dialog: all this within a maximum 90 seconds
text: of the shooting. Is he out of breath?
dialog: According to Baker, absolutely not.
text: CUT TO: the second floor. Oswald ambles past Mrs. Reid, a
text: secretary in the second floor office, on his way out, Coke
text: bottle in hand and wearing his usual dreamy look... there's
text: a lingering close - up on his face.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Assuming he is the sole assassin,
text: Oswald is now free to escape from
text: the building. The longer he delays,
dialog: the more chance the building will be
text: sealed by the police. Is he guilty?
text: Does he walk out the nearest
dialog: staircase? No, he buys a Coke and
text: at a slow pace, spotted by Mrs. Reid
text: in the second floor office, he strolls
text: out the more distant front exit,
text: where the cops start to gather...
text: Outside, we see Oswald stroll out the door of the Book
text: Depository into the crowd. He heads for the bus stop to the
dialog: east.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Oddly, considering three shots are
dialog: supposed to have come from there,
dialog: nobody seals the Depository for ten
text: more minutes. Oswald slips out, as
dialog: do several other employees. Of
dialog: course, when he realized something
dialog: had gone wrong and the President
dialog: really had been shot, he knew there
dialog: was a problem. He may even have
dialog: known he was the patsy. An intuition
dialog: maybe - the President killed in spite
dialog: of his warning. The phone call that
dialog: never came. Perhaps fear now came
dialog: to Lee Oswald. He wasn't going to
dialog: stand around for roll call.
text: Back in the courtroom, Jim continues speaking:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The story gets pretty confusing now -
text: more twists in it than a watersnake.
dialog: Richard Carr says he saw four men
dialog: take off from the Book Depository in
text: a Rambler that possibly belongs to
dialog: Janet Williams. Deputy Roger Craig
dialog: says two men picked up Oswald in the
text: same Rambler a few minutes later.
dialog: Other people say Oswald took a bus
dialog: out of there, and then because he
text: was stuck in traffic, he hopped a
text: cab to his rooming house in Oak
dialog: Cliff...
text: FLASHBACK TO: Oswald's boarding house. Oswald enters his
text: room, passing Earlene Roberts, the heavyset white housekeeper.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: ...we must assume he wanted to get
text: back in touch with his intell team,
dialog: probably at a safehouse or at the
dialog: Texas Theatre, but how could he be
dialog: sure? He didn't know who to trust
dialog: anymore...
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: (watching TV)
dialog: My God, did you see that, Mr. Lee?
text: A man shot the President.
text: The camera closes in on Oswald's perplexed face. Earlene
text: peeks out the shades as she hears two short honks on a horn.
text: Outside is a black police car driven by Tippit. Also in the
text: car is the fence shooter, dressed as a Dallas policeman.
text: The car drives by, honks twice, waits, then moves away.
text: During this visual, we see the fence shooter changing his
text: uniform into civilian clothes.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Oswald returns to this rooming house
text: around 1 P.M., half hour after the
text: assassination, puts on his jacket,
text: grabs his .38 revolver, leaves at
dialog: 1:04... Earlene Roberts, the
text: housekeeper, says she heard two beeps
text: on a car horn and two uniformed cops
text: pulled up to the house while Oswald
text: was in his room, like it was a signal
dialog: or something... Officer Tippit is
text: shot between 1:10 and 1:15 about a
text: mile away. Though no one actually
dialog: saw him walking or jogging, the
dialog: Government says Oswald covered that
dialog: distance. Incidentally, that walk,
dialog: if he did it, is in a straight line
text: toward Jack Ruby's house. Giving
dialog: the government the benefit of the
dialog: doubt, Oswald would have had to jog
dialog: a mile in six to eleven minutes and
dialog: commit the murder, then reverse
dialog: direction and walk 3/5 of a mile to
dialog: the Texas Theatre and arrive sometime
text: before 1:30. That's some walking.
text: On a street, Oswald walks alone, fast. A police car pulls
text: up alongside him on 10th Street. Oswald leans on the
text: passenger side of the window. Officer Tippit, suspicious,
text: gets out to question him. Oswald pulls his .38 revolver and
text: shoots him down in the street with 5 shots.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: It's also a useful conclusion. After
dialog: all, why else would Oswald kill
text: Officer Tippit, unless he just shot
dialog: the President and feared arrest?
dialog: Not one credible witness could
text: identify Oswald as Tippit's killer.
text: Domingo Benavides, hidden in his truck only a few yards away,
text: watches as another unidentified man (not seen before) shoots
text: and walks away.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Domingo Benavides, the closest witness
dialog: to the shooting, refused to identify
dialog: Oswald as the killer and was never
text: taken to a lineup.
text: We see Acquilla Clemons, a black woman, looking on. She
text: watches as two men kill Tippit. One of them resembles the
text: fence shooter. The other one is a mystery figure, seen before
text: in the fringes. The men walk off quickly in opposite
text: directions. We notice a policeman's uniform hanging in the
text: back seat of Tippit's car.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Acquilla Clemons saw the killer with
text: another man and says they went off
text: in separate directions. Mrs. Clemons
dialog: was never taken to lineup or to the
dialog: Warren Commission. Mr. Frank Wright,
dialog: who saw the killer run away, stated
dialog: flatly that the killer was not Lee
text: Oswald. Oswald is found with a .38
text: revolver. Tippit is killed with a
text: .38 automatic. At the scene of the
text: crime Officer J.M. Poe marks the
dialog: shells with his initials to record
dialog: the chain of evidence.
text: CUT TO: Policeman Poe marking the bullets.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: Those initials are not on the three
dialog: cartridge cases which the Warren
text: Commission presents to him.
text: On a Dallas avenue near the Texas Theatre, Oswald moves along,
text: spooked. Police cars roar by with sirens blaring. Johnny
text: Brewer, in a shoestore, spots him and follows him.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Oswald is next seen by shoe salesman
text: Johnny Brewer lurking along Jefferson
text: Avenue. Oswald is scared. He begins
dialog: to realize the full implications of
dialog: this thing. He goes into the Texas
dialog: Theatre, possibly his prearranged
dialog: meeting point, but though he has $14
text: in his pocket, he does not buy the
dialog: 75-cent ticket. Brewer has the
text: cashier call the police.
text: Outside the Texas Theatre Oswald walks past the cashier, who
text: is out on the sidewalk watching the police cars go by. A
text: double feature is playing - Cry of Battle with Van Heflin
text: and War is Hell. He goes in.
text: CUT TO: 30 officers arriving at the theatre in a fleet of
dialog: patrol cars.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: In response to the cashier's call,
text: at least thirty officers in a fleet
text: of patrol cars descend on the movie
dialog: theatre. This has to be the most
dialog: remarkable example of police intuition
dialog: since the Reichstag fire. I don't
dialog: buy it. They knew - someone knew -
dialog: Oswald was going to be there. In
dialog: fact, as early as 12:44, only 14
dialog: minutes after the assassination, the
text: police radio put out a description
text: matching Oswald's size and build.
dialog: Brewer says the man was wearing a
dialog: jacket, but the police say the man
text: who shot Tippit left his jacket
text: behind. Butch Burroughs, theatre
dialog: manager, says Oswald bought some
dialog: popcorn from him at the time of the
text: Tippit slaying. Burroughs and witness
dialog: Bernard Haire also said there was an
dialog: Oswald look - alike taken from the
dialog: theatre. Perhaps it was he who
text: sneaked into the theatre just after
dialog: 1:30.
text: Inside the theatre, Cry of Battle is on the screen. Twelve
text: to fourteen spectators sit scattered between the balcony and
text: ground floor. Brewer leads the officers onto the stage and
text: the lights come on. He points to Oswald.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: In any case, Brewer helpfully leads
text: the cops into the theatre and from
text: the stage points Oswald out...
text: The cops advance on Oswald, who jumps up, as if expecting to
dialog: be shot.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: This is it!
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Kill the President, will you?
text: Scared, Oswald takes a swing at a policeman. He pulls out
text: his gun. The officers close in on him from the rear and
text: front. A wrestling and shoving match ensues. One officer
text: gets a chokehold on Oswald and another one hits him.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: The cops have their man! It was
dialog: already been decided - in Washington.
text: Outside the theatre, Oswald, his eye blackened, is led out
text: by the phalanx of officers. They are surrounded by an angry
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Kill him! Kill him!
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Dr. Best, Himmler's right hand man
dialog: in the Gestapo, once said "as long
text: as the police carries out the will
dialog: of the leadership, it is acting
dialog: legally." That mindset allowed for
dialog: 400 political murders in the Weimar
dialog: Republic of 1923 - 32, where the
dialog: courts were controlled and the guilty
dialog: acquitted. Oswald must've felt like
text: Josef K in Kafka's "The Trial". He
dialog: was never told the reason of his
text: arrest, he does not know the unseen
text: forces ranging against him, he cries
text: out his outrage in the police lineup
dialog: just like Josef K excoriates the
dialog: judge for not being told the charges
text: against him. But the state is deaf.
text: The quarry is caught. By the time
text: he is brought from the theatre, a
text: large crowd is waiting to scream at
text: him. By the time he reaches police
text: headquarters, he is booked for
dialog: murdering Tippit...
text: At the Dallas police station, Dallas Police Captain Will
text: Fritz takes a call from a high official in Washington. In
text: the background we notice Lee Oswald continuing to be
text: questioned by federal agents. We hear Johnson's distinctive
dialog: Texas drawl but we never see him.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: No legal counsel is provided. No
dialog: record made of the long questioning.
scene_heading: HIGH OFFICIAL VOICE
dialog: Howdy there, Cap'n. Thanks for taking
dialog: care of us down in Dallas. Lady
dialog: Bird and I will always be grateful.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Thank you, Mr. President. We're
dialog: doing our best.
scene_heading: HIGH OFFICIAL VOICE
dialog: Cap'n, I know you're working like a
dialog: hound dog down there to get this
dialog: mess wrapped up, but I gotta tell
dialog: you there's too much confusion coming
text: out of Dallas now. The TVs and the
dialog: papers are full of rumour 'bout
text: conspiracies. Two gunmen, two rifles,
dialog: the Russkies done it, the Cubans
dialog: done it, that kinda loose talk, it's
dialog: carin' the shit outta people, bubba'.
dialog: This thing could lead us into a war
dialog: that could cost 40 million lives.
dialog: We got to show'em we got this thing
dialog: under control. No question, no
dialog: doubts, for the good of our country...
dialog: you hear me?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: HIGH OFFICIAL VOICE
dialog: Cap'n, you got your man, the
dialog: investigation's over, that's what
dialog: people want to hear.
text: The camera closes in on Oswald in the background. He turns
text: to an unseen Deputy, sad.
speaker_heading: OSWALD
dialog: Now everyone will know who I am.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: By the time the sun rose the next
text: morning, he is booked for murdering
dialog: the President. The whole country -
text: fueled by the media - assumes he's
dialog: guilty.
text: In an underground police garage, we see Jack Ruby being
text: allowed in via an interior staircase by his police contact.
text: He moves towards the outer edge of reporters, nervous.
text: Oswald comes out with his two guards. We see a repeat of
text: the assassination in stop time... Ruby's eyes, Oswald's...
dialog: do they recognize each other?
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Under the guise of a patriotic
dialog: nightclub owner out to spare Jackie
dialog: Kennedy from having to testify at a
text: trial, Jack Ruby is shown into the
text: underground garage by one of his
text: inside men on the Dallas Police Force,
text: and when he's ready Oswald is brought
text: out like a sacrificial lamb and nicely
dialog: disposed of as an enemy of the people.
text: By early Sunday afternoon, the autopsy
dialog: has been completed on him. Who
dialog: grieves for Lee Harvey Oswald? Buried
text: in a cheap grave under the name
dialog: "Oswald"? No one.
text: We see Oswald dying on the floor of the police station. A
text: paramedic pushes in and starts administering artificial
text: respiration, which only aggravates the internal hemorrhaging.
text: At a Texas cemetery, Oswald's mother weeps. Oswald is buried
text: with a few people present, but there are no details, no dates.
text: We see Marina whisked out by agents.
text: CUT TO Kennedy's funeral, which, in contrast, attracts
text: thousands of mourners.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
text: Within minutes false statements and
text: press leaks about Lee Oswald circulate
dialog: the globe.
text: FLASHBACK TO X: reading about it in the New Zealand Airport,
text: and then back to the courtroom in 1969.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The Official Legend is created and
dialog: the media takes it from there. The
dialog: glitter of official lies and the
text: epic splendor of the thought-numbing
dialog: funeral of J.F.K. confuse the eye
dialog: and confound the understanding.
dialog: Hitler always said "the bigger the
dialog: lie, the more people will believe
dialog: it." Lee Oswald - a crazed, lonely
dialog: man who wanted attention and got it
dialog: by killing a President, was only the
text: first in a long line of patsies. In
dialog: later years Bobby Kennedy and Martin
dialog: Luther King, men whose commitment to
dialog: change and to peace would make them
dialog: dangerous to men who are committed
dialog: to war, would follow, also killed by
dialog: such "lonely, crazed men," who remove
dialog: our guilt by making murder a
dialog: meaningless act of a loner. We have
dialog: all become Hamlets in our country -
dialog: children of a slain father - leader
dialog: whose killers still possess the
text: throne. The ghost of John F. Kennedy
dialog: confronts us with the secret murder
text: at the heart of the American dream.
dialog: He forces on us the appalling
dialog: questions: Of what is our
dialog: Constitution made? What is our
dialog: citizenship, and more, our lives
dialog: worth? What is the future of a
dialog: democracy where a President can be
text: assassinated under conspicuously
dialog: suspicious circumstances while the
dialog: machinery of legal action scarcely
dialog: trembles? How many political murders,
text: disguised as heart attacks, cancer,
text: suicides, airplane and car crashes,
dialog: drug overdoses will occur before
dialog: they are exposed for what they are?
text: Liz watches, moved. Susie, Al and Numa are also there for
text: the summation. Even Lou Ivon has come back to support his
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: "Treason doth never prosper," wrote
dialog: an English poet, "What's the reason?
dialog: For if it prosper, none dare call it
dialog: treason." The generals who sent
dialog: Dreyfus to Devils Island were among
dialog: the most honorable men in France,
dialog: the men who killed Caesar were among
dialog: the most honorable men in Rome. And
dialog: the men who killed Kennedy, no doubt,
dialog: were honorable men. I believe we
dialog: have reached a time in our country,
dialog: similar to what life must've been
dialog: like under Hitler in the 30's, except
dialog: we don't realize it because Fascism
dialog: in our country takes the benign
dialog: disguise of liberal democracy. There
dialog: won't be such familiar signs as
dialog: swastikas. We won't build Dachaus
dialog: and Auschwitzes. We're not going to
text: wake up one morning and suddenly
dialog: find ourselves in gray uniforms goose -
dialog: stepping off to work ... "Fascism
dialog: will come," Huey Long once said. "in
dialog: the name of anti-fascism" - it will
dialog: come in the name of your security -
dialog: they call it "National Security," it
dialog: will come with the mass media
text: manipulating a clever concentration
dialog: camp of the mind. The super state
dialog: will provide you tranquility above
dialog: the truth, the super state will make
dialog: you believe you are living in the
dialog: best of all possible worlds, and in
dialog: order to do so will rewrite history
text: as it sees fit. George Orwell's
dialog: Ministry of Truth warned us, "Who
dialog: controls the past, controls the
dialog: future."
text: The camera follows Jim around the courtroom.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The American people have yet to see
dialog: the Zapruder film. Why? The American
dialog: people have yet to see the real
dialog: photographs and X - rays of the
dialog: autopsy. Why? There are hundreds
dialog: of documents that could help prove
dialog: this conspiracy. Why have they been
dialog: withheld or burned by the Government?
dialog: Each time my office or you the people
dialog: have asked those questions, demanded
dialog: crucial evidence, the answer from on
dialog: high has been "national security."
dialog: What kind of "national security" do
dialog: we have when we have been robbed of
dialog: our leaders? Who determines our
dialog: "national security"? What "national
dialog: security" permits the removal of
dialog: fundamental power from the hands of
dialog: the American people and validates
dialog: the ascendancy of invisible government
dialog: in the United States? That kind of
dialog: "national security," gentlemen of
dialog: the jury, is when it smells like it,
dialog: feels like it, and looks like it,
dialog: you call it what it is - it's Fascism!
dialog: I submit to you that what took place
dialog: on November 22, 1963 was a coup
dialog: d'etat. Its most direct and tragic
dialog: result was a reversal of President
dialog: Kennedy's commitment to withdraw
dialog: from Vietnam. War is the biggest
dialog: business in America worth $80 billion
dialog: a year. The President was murdered
dialog: by a conspiracy planned in advance
dialog: at the highest levels of the United
dialog: States government and carried out by
dialog: fanatical and disciplined Cold
dialog: Warriors in the Pentagon and CIA's
dialog: covert operations apparatus - among
dialog: them Clay Shaw here before you. It
dialog: was a public execution and it was
dialog: covered up by like - minded
dialog: individuals in the Dallas Police
dialog: Department, the Secret Service, the
dialog: FBI, and the White House - all the
dialog: way up to and including J. Edgar
dialog: Hoover and Lyndon Johnson, whom I
dialog: consider accomplices after the fact.
text: The camera holds on onlookers shuffling and murmuring. Clay
text: Shaw smirks, smoking his cigarette. The very grandiosity of
text: the charge works in his favor. Jim is falling apart from
text: built - up strain and fatigue. He looks over at Liz,
text: gathering his spirit.
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: There is a very simple way to
dialog: determine if I am being paranoid
dialog: here.
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: Let's ask the two men who have
dialog: profited the most from the
dialog: assassination - your former President
dialog: Lyndon Baines Johnson and your new
dialog: President, Richard Nixon - to release
dialog: 51 CIA documents pertaining to Lee
dialog: Oswald and Jack Ruby, or the secret
dialog: CIA memo on Oswald's activities in
dialog: Russia that was "destroyed" while
text: being photocopied. All these
dialog: documents are yours - the people's
dialog: property - you pay for it, but because
dialog: the government considers you children
dialog: who might be too disturbed to face
dialog: this reality, because you might lynch
dialog: those involved, you cannot see these
dialog: documents for another 75 years. I'm
dialog: in my 40's, so I'll have shuffled
dialog: off this mortal coil by then, but
dialog: I'm already telling my 8 year - old
dialog: son to keep himself physically fit
dialog: so that one glorious September morning
text: in 2038 he can walk into the National
dialog: Archives and find out what the CIA
dialog: and the FBI knew. They may even
dialog: push it back then. It may become a
dialog: generational affair, with questions
dialog: passed down from father to son, mother
dialog: to daughter, in the manner of the
dialog: ancient runic bards. Someday
dialog: somewhere, someone might find out
dialog: the damned Truth. Or we might just
dialog: build ourselves a new Government
dialog: like the Declaration of Independence
dialog: says we should do when the old one
dialog: ain't working - maybe a little farther
dialog: out West.
text: He approaches the jury.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: An American naturalist wrote, "a
dialog: patriot must always be ready to defend
dialog: his country against its government."
dialog: Well, I'd hate to be in your shoes
dialog: today. You have a lot to think about.
dialog: Going back to when we were children,
dialog: I think most of us in this courtroom
dialog: thought that justice came into being
dialog: automatically, that virtue was its
dialog: own reward, that good would triumph
dialog: over evil. But as we get older we
dialog: know that this just isn't true.
dialog: "The frontier is where a man faces a
dialog: fact." Individual human beings have
dialog: to create justice and this is not
dialog: easy because truth often presents a
dialog: threat to power and we have to fight
dialog: power often at great risk to
dialog: ourselves. People like Julia Ann
dialog: Mercer, S.M. Holland, Lee Bowers,
text: Jean Hill, and Willie O'Keefe have
dialog: come forward and taken that risk.
dialog: (he produces a stack
dialog: of letters)
dialog: I have here some $8000 in these
dialog: letters sent to my office from all
dialog: over the country - quarters, dimes,
dialog: dollar bills from housewives,
dialog: plumbers, car salesmen, teachers,
dialog: invalids ... These are the people
dialog: who cannot afford to send money but
dialog: do, these are the ones who drive the
text: cabs, who nurse in the hospitals,
dialog: who see their kids go to Vietnam.
dialog: Why? Because they care, because
dialog: they want to know the truth - because
dialog: they want their country back, because
dialog: it belongs to us the people as long
dialog: as the people got the guts to fight
dialog: for what they believe in! The truth
dialog: is the most important value we have
dialog: because if the truth does not endure,
dialog: if the Government murders truth, if
dialog: you cannot respect the hearts of
dialog: these people...
dialog: (shaking the letters)
dialog: ...then this is no longer the country
dialog: in which we were born in and this is
dialog: not the country I want to die in...
dialog: And this was never more true than
dialog: for John F. Kennedy whose murder was
dialog: probably the most terrible moment in
dialog: the history of our country. You the
dialog: people, you the jury system, in
text: sitting in judgement on Clay Shaw,
dialog: represent the hope of humanity against
dialog: Government power. In discharging
dialog: your duty, in bringing the first
dialog: conviction in this house of cards
dialog: against Clay Shaw, "Ask not what
dialog: your country can do for you, but
dialog: what you can do for your country."
dialog: Do not forget your young President
dialog: who forfeited his life. Show the
dialog: world this is still a government of
dialog: the people, for the people, and by
dialog: the people. Nothing as long as you
dialog: live will ever be more important.
text: (he stares into the
dialog: camera)
dialog: It's up to you.
text: He returns to the table and sits. The courtroom is still.
text: CUT TO: later in the same courtroom. The jury files in,
text: having reached a verdict. Jim, prepared, sits with his staff
text: and Liz. The jury foreman enters the courtroom.
speaker_heading: JURY FOREMAN
dialog: We find Clay Shaw... not guilty on
dialog: all counts.
text: There's jubilation and commotion in the Court. Shaw stands,
text: happily shaking hands all over... Members of the press run
text: for the phones. In the corridor outside the courtroom, the
text: press interviews the jury foreman.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: We believe there was a conspiracy,
dialog: but whether Clay Shaw was a part of
text: it is another kettle of fish.
text: The camera moves to Jim, who walks out past the banks of
text: reporters. TV lights are in his face. Liz is by his side.
scene_heading: ENGLISH REPORTER
dialog: Mr. Garrison, the American media is
dialog: reporting this as a full vindication
dialog: of the Warren Commission, do you...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I think all it proves is you cannot
dialog: run a trial even questioning the
dialog: intelligence operations of the
text: government in the light of day.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 13
dialog: We understand that The Times -
dialog: Picayune will call for your
dialog: resignation - unfit to hold office.
dialog: You've ruined Clay Shaw's reputation -
dialog: are you going to resign?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hell, no. I'm gonna run again. And
dialog: I'm gonna win. Thank you very much.
dialog: If it takes me 30 years to nail every
dialog: one of the assassins, then I will
dialog: continue this investigation for 30
dialog: years. I owe that not only to Jack
dialog: Kennedy, but to my country.
text: He and Liz squeeze hands as they walk on.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO WASHINGTON, D.C. - (1970)
text: Jim waits on the same park bench as earlier in the film,
text: overlooking the Mall or the Lincoln Monument... as X walks
text: up, a little grayer, a little more stooped, wearing ill
text: fitting civilian clothes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, thanks for coming.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: You didn't get that break you needed,
dialog: but you went as far as any man could,
dialog: bubba.
dialog: (he sits next to Jim)
dialog: What can I do for you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Just speculating, I guess. How do
dialog: you think it started?
speaker_heading: X
dialog: I think it started in the wind.
dialog: Money - arms, big oil, Pentagon
dialog: people, contractors, bankers,
dialog: politicians like L.B.J. were committed
dialog: to a war in Southeast Asia. As early
dialog: as '61 they knew Kennedy was going
dialog: to change things... He was not going
dialog: to war in Southeast Asia. Who knows?
dialog: Probably some boardroom or lunchroom
dialog: somewhere - Houston, New York - hell,
dialog: maybe Bonn, Germany... who knows,
dialog: it's international now.
text: CUT TO: a New York lunch club or executive dining room.
text: From the window we have a towering view of the City. Four
text: men in their 50's to 70's - old men, rich men, talk at a
text: quiet table. Their figures are shadowy and we overhear their
text: conversation obliquely, across faces flared out by sun
text: bouncing off the skyscraper window.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
text: One worried sonofabitch with a few
dialog: million dollars turns to the others...
dialog: with a few million dollars... and
dialog: says something pretty direct like...
speaker_heading: RICH MAN 1
dialog: The sonofabitch is gonna get re-
dialog: elected by a bigger vote than ever
dialog: in '64. It's gonna be worse than
dialog: Roosevelt. The country won't survive
dialog: as we know it.
speaker_heading: RICH MAN 2
dialog: I agree, Bob, it can't go on.
dialog: (he looks to Man 3)
speaker_heading: RICH MAN 3
dialog: ...and Bobby in '68? Something's
dialog: got to be done.
text: Looks pass among them. There's a pause, and then...
speaker_heading: RICH MAN 1
dialog: He's gotta go, Lou. The election's
dialog: gotta be stopped.
text: There is a breathless moment with the thought in the air.
speaker_heading: RICH MAN 1
dialog: I talk to a lot of people. I know
dialog: I'm not the only one thinking this.
speaker_heading: RICH MAN 2
dialog: What's the feeling in Washington,
dialog: Jack?
text: FLASHBACK TO: the Pentagon in 1962.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
dialog: ...so calls are made. Down to
text: Washington. All over the world.
text: They start talking about it. A few
dialog: people here, there. Just
dialog: conversations, nothing more...
text: We see a general meeting with another general. They talk.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
dialog: Generals, Admirals, CIA people, and
dialog: probably some people on the inside
text: of Kennedy's staff - young, brilliant
text: Judases, ready to go to war in
dialog: Southeast Asia...
text: FLASHBACK TO: the White House, 1962. A general talks to one
text: of Kennedy's staff - a bespectacled, bright young Harvard
dialog: type.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
dialog: ...and maybe a Vice-President getting
dialog: separate memos from Vietnam, eager
dialog: to get his backers the billions of
dialog: dollars in contracts for Southeast
dialog: Asia...
text: In a White House office, Lyndon Johnson meets with a cabinet
text: member, a contractor, and two military men.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
text: Kennedy, like Caesar, is surrounded
text: with enemies. Something is underway
text: but it has no face. Yet everyone in
dialog: the loop knows...
text: The camera shows Washington, D.C. buildings from strange
text: angles. The feeling is still, weird, angled, alien. The
text: buildings are twisted.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
dialog: Money is at stake. Big money. A
dialog: hundred billion. The Kennedy brothers
dialog: target voting districts for defense
dialog: dollars. They give TFX fighter
dialog: contracts only to the counties that
dialog: are going to make a difference in
dialog: '64. These people fight back. Their
dialog: way. One day another call is made...
text: In a Pentagon office, a man in civilian clothing is on the
text: phone, his back to the screen. This is Mr. Y, X's superior
text: officer. Shadows pervade the room. An unshuttered window
text: overlooks the Potomac River and the White House.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
dialog: ...maybe to somebody like my superior
dialog: who's been running the "Mongoose"
dialog: program out of Florida and who has
dialog: no love for Kennedy.
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE
dialog: Bill, we're going. We need your
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
dialog: Everything's cellurized. No one has
dialog: said "he must die," there's been no
dialog: vote, there's nothing on paper,
dialog: there's no one to blame. It's as
dialog: old as the Crucifixion: the Mafia
dialog: firing squad, one blank, no one's
dialog: guilty because everyone in the Power
dialog: Structure who knows anything has a
dialog: plausible deniability. There are no
dialog: compromising connections except at
dialog: the most secret point. But what's
dialog: paramount is that it must succeed.
dialog: No matter how many die, how much it
dialog: costs, the perpetrators must be on
dialog: the winning side and never subject
dialog: to prosecution for anything by anyone.
dialog: That is a coup d'etat.
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE
text: In the fall. Probably in the south.
dialog: We want you to come up with a plan...
speaker_heading: X
dialog: He's done it before. Other countries.
dialog: Lumumba in the Congo, Trujillo, the
dialog: Dominican Republic, he's working on
dialog: Castro. No big deal. In September,
text: Kennedy announces the Texas trip.
text: At that moment, second Oswalds start
dialog: popping up all over Dallas where
text: they have the mayor and the cops in
text: their pocket. Y flies in the
dialog: assassins, maybe from the special
dialog: camp we keep outside Athens, Greece -
dialog: pros, maybe some locals, Cubans,
dialog: Maria hire, separate teams. Does it
dialog: really matter who shot from what
text: rooftop? Part of the scenery. The
dialog: assassins by now are dead or well
dialog: paid and long gone...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Any chance of one of them confessing
dialog: someday?
speaker_heading: X
dialog: ...don't think so. When they start
dialog: to drool, they get rid of 'em. These
dialog: guys are proud of what they did.
dialog: They did Dealey Plaza! They took
dialog: out the President of the United
dialog: States! That's entertainment! And
dialog: they served their country doing it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (in present)
dialog: ...and your General?
speaker_heading: X
dialog: ...got promoted to two stars, but he
dialog: was never military, you know, always
dialog: CIA. Went to Vietnam, lost his
dialog: credibility when we got beat over
dialog: there, retired, lives in Virginia.
text: I say hello to him when I see him at
dialog: the supermarket...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Ever ask him?
speaker_heading: X
dialog: You never ask a spook a question.
dialog: No point. He'll never give you a
dialog: straight answer. General Y still
dialog: thinks of himself of the handsome
dialog: young warrior who loved this country
dialog: but loved the concept of war more.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: His name?
speaker_heading: X
dialog: Does it matter? Another technician.
dialog: But an interesting thing - he was
dialog: there that day in Dealey Plaza. You
dialog: know how I know?
dialog: (Jim shakes his head)
dialog: That picture of yours. The hoboes...
dialog: you never looked deep enough...
text: FLASHBACK TO: one of the hobo pictures. Next to the freight
text: entrance of the Book Depository, Y, in a dark suit, is
text: nonchalantly walking past the hoboes, his back to us. The
text: camera closes in on Y.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
dialog: I knew the man 20 years. That's
text: him. The way he walked... arms at
dialog: his side, military, the stoop, the
dialog: haircut, the twisted left hand, the
dialog: large class ring. What was he doing
dialog: there? If anyone had asked him,
dialog: he'd probably say "protection" but
dialog: I'll tell you I think he was giving
dialog: some kind of "okay" signal to those
text: hoboes - they're about to get booked
dialog: and he's telling 'em it's gonna be
dialog: okay, they're covered. And in fact
dialog: they were - you never heard of them
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...some story... the whole thing.
dialog: It's like it never happened.
speaker_heading: X
dialog: It never did.
dialog: (he smiles tartly)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Just think... just think. What
dialog: happened to our country .. to the
dialog: world... because of that murder...
dialog: Vietnam, racial conflict, breakdown
dialog: of law, drugs, thought control, guilt,
dialog: assassinations, secret government
dialog: fear of the frontier...
speaker_heading: X
dialog: I keep thinking of that day, Tuesday
dialog: the 26th, the day after they buried
dialog: Kennedy, L.B.J. was signing the
dialog: memorandum on Vietnam with Ambassador
dialog: Lodge.
text: FLASHBACK TO: the White House, 1963. Johnson sits across
text: the shadowed room with Lodge and others. His Texas drawl
text: rises and falls. He signs something unseen.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Gentlemen, I want you to know I'm
dialog: not going to let Vietnam go the way
dialog: China did. I'm personally committed.
dialog: I'm not going to take one soldier
dialog: out of there 'til they know we mean
dialog: business in Asia...
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: You just get me elected, and I'll
dialog: give you your damned war.
speaker_heading: X (V.O.)
dialog: ...and that was the day Vietnam
dialog: started.
text: CUT TO: Documentary footage of - U.S. Marines arriving in
text: full force on the beaches of Danang, March 8, 1965... as
text: another era begins and our movie ends.
text: ON A BLACK SCREEN WE READ:
dialog: ** In 1975, VICTOR MARCHETTI, former executive assistant to
dialog: the CIA's deputy director, stated that during high - level
text: CIA meetings during Shaw's trial in 1969, CIA director RICHARD
text: HELMS disclosed that CLAY SHAW and DAVID FERRIE had worked
dialog: for the Agency, and asked his assistants to make sure Mr.
dialog: Shaw received Agency help at his trial.
text: ** In 1979, RICHARD HELMS, director of covert operations in
dialog: 1963, admitted under oath that CLAY SHAW had Agency
dialog: connections.
dialog: ** It is now known that in 1963, U.S. military intelligence
dialog: controlled more agents than the CIA and had almost as much
dialog: money to spend. It surfaced in the 1970's that the Army had
text: long been conducting surveillance and keeping files on
dialog: thousands of private citizens in the name of national
dialog: security. The prime targets were dissident-left-wingers of
dialog: the kind Oswald appeared to be.
text: ** CLAY SHAW died in 1974 of supposed lung cancer. No autopsy
dialog: was allowed.
text: ** WILLIAM SULLIVAN, Assistant Director of the FBI, died in
dialog: the early morning hours of November 9,177 when he was mistaken
text: for a deer in an open field in New Hampshire. Shortly before
text: his death, Sullivan had a preliminary hearing with the HSCA.
text: ** GEORGE DE MOHRENSCHILDT committed suicide just hours after
text: HSCA investigator Gaeton Fonzi located him.
dialog: ** In November, 1969 JIM GARRISON was re-elected to a third
dialog: term as District Attorney of Orleans Parish. In June of
dialog: 1971, he was arrested by Federal Agents on charges of allowing
text: payoffs on pinball gambling by organized crime. In September
dialog: of 1973, after defending himself in Federal Court, he was
dialog: quickly found not guilty of charges that appear to have been
text: framed against him. Less than six weeks later, he was
text: narrowly defeated for a fourth term as District Attorney.
dialog: ** In 1978, Garrison was elected Judge of the Louisiana State
dialog: Court of Appeal in New Orleans. He was re - elected in 1988.
text: To this date, he has brought the only public prosecution in
dialog: the Kennedy killing.
text: ** ELIZABETH and Jim were divorced in 1978. He now lives in
text: the same house he lived in with Elizabeth. She lives a block
text: away. Their five children are grown.
text: ** SOUTHEAST ASIA: 58,000 American lives, 2 million Asian
dialog: lives, $220 billion spent, 10 million Americans air - lifted
text: there by commercial aircraft, more than 5,000 helicopters
text: lost, 6.5 million tons of bombs dropped.
dialog: ** A Congressional Investigation from 1976 - 1979 found a
dialog: "probable conspiracy" in the assassination of John F. Kennedy
dialog: and recommended the Justice Department investigate further.
dialog: As of 1991, the Justice Department has done nothing. The
text: files of the House Select Committee on Assassinations are
text: locked away until the year 2029.
text: The camera moves onto the mottoes chiselled in the walls of
dialog: the National Archives in Washington, D.C.:
dialog: "STUDY THE PAST"
dialog: "PAST IS PROLOGUE"
text: "ETERNAL VIGILANCE IS THE PRICE OF LIBERTY"
text: DEDICATED TO THE YOUNG, IN WHOSE SPIRIT THE SEARCH FOR TRUTH
speaker_heading: MARCHES ON.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 
