speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Written by
dialog: Annie Mumolo
dialog: Based on the life of Joy Mangano
dialog: lst Studio Draft
dialog: May 17, 2013
text: Close on A WOMAN’S FACE. All we hear is her breathing as she
text: stares straight into BRIGHT LIGHTS, paralyzed with fear.
text: After a moment, we hear a man speaking through a radio.
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM RADIO
dialog: Joy, that’s you.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM RADIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Joy, go ahead. Joy.
text: Her eyes look around blankly. After a moment--
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM RADIO (CONT'D)
dialog: We gotta get her outta there.
dialog: Off this, we FLASHBACK TO--
scene_heading: SUPER: LONG ISLAND. 1982.
scene_heading: INT. ST. DOMINIC’S CHURCH HALL.
text: An ITALIAN-AMERICAN WEDDING RECEPTION is in full swing. A 98
text: year old man plays the accordion and sings “Papa loves mambo”
text: with a lot of energy. People are dancing, having a ball.
text: There is a long table with a FEAST of FOOD set up, buffet
text: style. OLD WOMEN talking. KIDS running around.
text: ANGLE ON JOY, 30 , a CHEERFUL BRIDE, who stands at a table
text: in her wedding dress talking EXCITEDLY to the guests, holding
text: a NAPKIN. THE CAMERA FOLLOWS HER IN ONE SHOT AS SHE MOVES
text: THROUGH THE ROOM A’LA GOODFELLAS.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Ooh, I don’t know where my husband
dialog: is. I’ve already lost him and we've
dialog: only been married twenty minutes!
scene_heading: Joy's BEST FRIEND RONNIE, 30, a SASSY, ITALIAN BETTE MIDLER
text: approaches. She holds a plate and eats while she follows
dialog: Joy.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Tony’s eating. I made you a plate.
dialog: It’s at the table. Let’s go.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m coming.
dialog: (to guests)
dialog: How’s the ziti though, guys?
dialog: Rosati’s did everything. Is it
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Joy. Come on.
text: Joy heads off, Ronnie behind her. She runs into an older
scene_heading: FEMALE RELATIVE.
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN GUEST
dialog: Joy, congratulations! I just had my
dialog: uterus out. I’m not even
dialog: supposed to be here but I don’t
dialog: listen to doctors.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh--Auntie Olga! I’m so grateful
dialog: that you came. Go sit. Did you get
dialog: a plate? I’m gonna make you a
dialog: plate.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Joy.
text: Joy and Ronnie move through crowd, passing JOY’S MOTHER,
text: TOOTS, 60-ish, who stands by herself. As she talks to her
text: mother, Joy squats down, uses the NAPKIN in her hand to help
text: a little girl get a stain out of her dress.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Here you go, Marie. Mom, you're
dialog: still standing here? Why don’t you
dialog: sit?
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Did you notice your father spray-
dialog: painted his bald spot? Who does he
dialog: think he’s fooling? He’s not
text: fooling her.
text: They both glance over to a table where Joy’s father RUDY sits
text: like a KING with his arm around a ROBUST woman in an ill-
text: fitting MARILYN MONROE DRESS. His hair looks shiny.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom, let it go. Just for today.
text: Toots walks off, muttering to herself.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
text: He’s glossy. He looks like a
text: children’s toy.
dialog: This is Joy--everything to everyone.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Club soda. See. All gone.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Thank you!
text: The little girl runs off. Joy stands up next to Ronnie. She
text: brushes her dress off, takes it all in.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Wow. Best day of my life. It
dialog: happened.
text: Ronnie notices a GROUP OF MEN that has congregated in one
text: spot. They watch a WOMAN WITH HUGE BREASTS walk by. They ogle
text: and cat call to the woman, amused by themselves. The woman
text: knows they are watching her, she keeps walking, insecure.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Look at these animals. You think
dialog: they’ve never seen a set of boobs
dialog: in their life. We’re married to
dialog: these people. Good luck, we just
dialog: got shot down the hatch. That’s it.
dialog: End of story. We’re in it.
text: Suddenly a VOICE comes over the loud speaker.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S)
dialog: This song is dedicated to my bride.
text: Joy and Ronnie look to the stage. Joy’s husband, TONY
text: MANGANO, has the microphone. He is 1980’s GORGEOUS. Thick,
text: curly brown hair, dimples. There is something about this guy.
text: He meets eyes with Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Come on, they’re not all bad.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Joy, even the best dog is two meals
text: away from bein’ a wolf.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: This is a song that says it better
dialog: than I could. From the lyrical
dialog: genius. Baby, here’s a little Tom
dialog: Jones for ya.
text: The lights GO OUT. A DISCO BALL turns on and paints the room
text: with lights. A SPOTLIGHT comes up on Tony, who now has his
text: jacket off, his sleeves rolled up, and his back to the crowd
text: in a DRAMATIC pose. Las Vegas has just shown up to the party.
text: The band begins playing. The crowd goes WILD.
text: Tony TURNS AROUND. His SHIRT is UNBUTTONED down to his belly
text: button and his HAIRY CHEST on display. He is SERIOUS. He
text: plays to the crowd. This isn’t the first time he’s done
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: With these hands...I will cling to
dialog: you...I'm yours forever and a
dialog: day...
text: He JUMPS OFF THE STAGE onto the DANCE FLOOR, lands and spins,
text: effortlessly. Everyone cheers. He starts making his way over
dialog: to Joy.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Uh-oh, he’s comin' this way. He’s
text: comin’ over.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: With these hands, I will bring to
dialog: you, a tender love as warm as
dialog: May...
text: He turns his backside to the crowd and circles his hips.
text: Women cheer. Ronnie puts her hand up to shield them from her
text: view. Joy laughs, blushing. Tony signals the LARGE-BREASTED
text: WOMAN that the group of men was ogling.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Who wants to dance? Come here,
dialog: sweetheart.
text: The woman shyly comes toward him. He twirls her around and
text: dips her with one hand. Joy rolls her eyes and laughs.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: With this heart, I will sing to
dialog: you, long after stars have lost
dialog: their glow...
dialog: (the woman keeps looking
dialog: at another woman in the
dialog: crowd)
dialog: Who’s that? Is that your sister?
dialog: (The woman nods)
dialog: I've never danced with two sisters
dialog: before!
text: Tony pulls the sister up and dances with them both, one on
dialog: each arm.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: And with these hands I will provide
dialog: for you...
text: He spins them both out and back in. They all sway back and
text: forth, sensually. The woman next to Joy is uncomfortable. Joy
text: fakes being mad, pointing her finger at him playfully.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Should there be a stormy sea I'll
dialog: turn the tide for you...
text: They pivot and we see that one of the women’s hands has made
text: its way to Tony’s ass. Just as Joy becomes slightly visibly
text: uncomfortable, Tony spins the women back into the crowd.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ho! It’s my wedding day! Where’s my
dialog: wife?
text: He searches the room. Locating Joy, he turns ALL of his
text: attention on her.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: There she is. Come here baby.
dialog: Isn't she beautiful, everyone?
text: Joy blushes, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: She's more beautiful than Crystal
dialog: Gayle.
text: The crowd ahhs. This wins Joy over. He pulls her up and
text: dances closely with her as he BELTS IT OUT in her face--
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: NOOOO, I'll never. No, I'll never
dialog: LET YOU GO!!!...
text: They kiss. There is a dance break in the song. They dance.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, whattaya think? You still
dialog: wanna be Mrs. Tony Mangano. You
dialog: haven't changed your mind yet?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I don’t know. I guess I will under
dialog: one condition.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You have to sing that song to me
dialog: every day for the rest of my life.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You got it, baby!
text: Tony gets infused with energy.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oooohooohhhh!!! And I'll never, NO
dialog: I'll never...
text: He spins Joy and continues singing...
text: The song continues over card: 7 YEARS LATER.
scene_heading: INT. JOY AND TONY'S HOUSE. MORNING.
text: Very humble, BLUE COLLAR SUBURBAN home. Some DEAD BUSHES in
text: the front. A DECORATIVE GRAPEVINE WREATH on the front door
text: warms the look of the place.
speaker_heading: TONY (0.S.)
dialog: “ Long after stars, have lost their
dialog: glow...!"
text: Tony's voice still belting, only now it’s from the shower as
text: Joy is in the kitchen preparing breakfast for their THREE
text: KIDS--CHRISTIE 7, BOBBY, 6 AND JACKIE 4. They are engaged in
text: LIVELY morning chatter.
speaker_heading: TONY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
scene_heading: AA-AA-AA-AA-AAND, with these hands,
dialog: I will provide for you!"
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Who wants toast?
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE/JACKIE
dialog: I do/Me!
text: Joy puts toast in the toaster and pushes the lever down.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Not me! I hate toast.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Let’s not say ‘hate’. Toast is
dialog: just cooked bread. How can you not
dialog: like cooked bread?
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: I love cooked bread. I love toast.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I’m not hungry.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Three bites. Come on, Bobby. You
dialog: need your energy for school.
text: Suddenly smoke starts pouring out of the toaster.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE/JACKIE
dialog: What happened mommy?
text: Joy starts to fan the smoke, trying to stay cheery.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (staying cheery)
dialog: This toaster likes to burn
dialog: everything all of a sudden. It’s
dialog: okay. What is goin’ on with this
dialog: thing?
text: Joy unplugs the toaster. She examines it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: Is it on fire?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No, no, no.
text: She studies the inside of the toaster. TONY enters in his
dialog: towel. He’s all man.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Sompn’ on fire?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (taking care of business)
dialog: No, no, we’re not on fire.
dialog: Everything's fine.
text: Tony walks through the smoke and opens the fridge. He pulls
text: out a piece of STEAK from a TUPPERWARE container.
text: Joy takes FOIL out of a drawer.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (taking a bite)
dialog: Baby, where’s my interview suit?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I got it pressed. It’s in the
text: closet in the plastic.
text: Joy tears off just the right size of foil. She slides the
text: foil in the toaster next to the toast so that the hot rods do
dialog: not overcook the bread.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Daddy's got a big interview today.
dialog: Gonna get in the potato chip
dialog: business. If things go well, start
dialog: thinking about an above ground
dialog: swimming pool, that’s all I’m
dialog: sayin'.
text: Joy puts three pieces of toast back in.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Yay!!/Yes!!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (playful)
dialog: A pool? They don’t want a pool.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Yes we do!!!
text: Joy watches the toast. Adjusts the foil. Tony looks at her.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Babe what are you doin’? Listen, on
dialog: the way home I’m gonna pick you up
text: a new toaster.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: We don’t need a new toaster.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Come on. It’s a toaster.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (alarmed but trying to
dialog: keep it light)
dialog: We don’t have the money for a new
dialog: toaster. I can fix it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah you’re gonna spend all day
dialog: tinkering with it when you could be
dialog: doin’ other stuff.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: It’s not that big of a deal. Please
dialog: don’t spend any money. We gotta
dialog: pay the electric bill.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (plays to the kids)
dialog: What do we need electricity for?
dialog: The Flinstones didn’t have
dialog: electricity. We just need a
dialog: dinosaur, you know.
dialog: (gets a mischievous look)
dialog: You know what I think we need?
text: The kids eyes’ go wide. They know what’s coming.
speaker_heading: TONY KIDS
dialog: A tickle’o’saurus! A tickle’o’saurus!
text: Tony lunges at the kids, tickling each one, as they SCREAM
dialog: with joy.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Ahhh! /NO!!/Tickle ME daddy!
text: Then he comes over to Joy, threatens to tickle her.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What about Wilma? Is Wilma
dialog: ticklish?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Don’t. Ahhhh!! NO!!!!
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Alright, go get dressed! You’re in
dialog: a towel! You are in a towel!!
text: Tony goes off down the hallway where only Joy can see him. He
text: RIPS the towel off while walking.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No I’m not.
text: We see his BARE ASS as he walks into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh my--Get dressed!
text: Joy shakes her head, laughing.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: What’s he doing?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Your father’s a caveman.
text: Three perfectly toasted pieces of bread pop out of the
dialog: toaster.
scene_heading: INT. JOY AND TONY’S HOUSE. LATER THAT MORNING.
text: Kids are at school. Joy finishes up the breakfast dishes.
text: Joy mops her kitchen floor. The mop pushes around the food
text: and dirt rather than picking it up. She grabs a paper towel,
text: gets down on her hands and knees and cleans the floor with a
dialog: paper towel.
dialog: She makes beds.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT. CONTINUOUS.
text: It looks like an UNDERGROUND FLORIST down here. There are
text: tables set up with BASKETS on them full of different items--
text: SILK FLOWERS and LEAVES, sticks, bunches of fake berries,
text: ribbon, pine cones, and pruning shears. Everything is very
dialog: neat and organized.
dialog: 10.
text: We see various shots of Joy grabbing from the different
text: baskets and glueing LEAVES, BERRIES, FLOWERS, MINI-PINE
text: CONES. She takes a RIBBON and ties it at the top, then holds
text: it up to check her work. It is a VERY PRETTY DECORATIVE
text: GRAPEVINE WREATH. She sets it aside and grabs more twigs.
scene_heading: EXT. JOY AND TONY’S HOUSE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy loads the boxes into the back of her car.
scene_heading: INT. FLOWER SHOP.
text: ROZ, the owner, stands in front of a cooler full of flowers.
text: Joy holds a bunch of wreaths. She’s less put together than
dialog: Roz.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: I don’t need anymore, Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Are you sure? I have this harvest
dialog: theme one, and this one is very
dialog: warm looking, and I have a few
dialog: Hanukkah ones with dreidels.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: I still have a few left over from
dialog: last week.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: That’s okay, I thought I would
dialog: check.
dialog: (disappointed, then)
dialog: How are the kids?
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Oh, Joy. I hate saying this. I
dialog: think Vinny’s got something wrong
dialog: with his brain. I mean nothin
dialog: serious. This kid’s a mess.
dialog: Last week he was lying down looking
dialog: for someone to run over him cause
dialog: he thought he would survive. He
dialog: wants to be on ‘That’s Incredible.’
dialog: This kid. Johnny says he’s gonna be
dialog: a stugatz (idiot). Every night I
dialog: pray he gets healed of whatever
dialog: this is.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: He’s ten. You know I told you
dialog: about my cousin Geoffrey, the smart
dialog: one? He teaches at MIT now, and
dialog: when we were kids he pretended he
dialog: was a dog for two years.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: We were on summer vacation and he
text: was crawling around on the beach
text: barking.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: (baffled)
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah. I think they just go through
dialog: these phases. It could be a sign
dialog: that he’s really smart.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: That makes me feel better. The dog
dialog: thing I couldn’t handle. I would
dialog: have taken him to the pound.
text: They laugh. Joy goes to leave.
speaker_heading: ROZ (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what? Why don’t you leave
dialog: me a couple of the Hanukkah ones?
scene_heading: INT. JOY AND TONY'S HOUSE. AFTERNOON.
text: Joy enters with Jackie in one hand and an almost full box of
text: wreaths on the dining room table.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hello? Tony?
dialog: No answer.
scene_heading: INT. JOY AND TONY’S HOUSE.
text: Evening chaos with kids. Joy is at the stove with MULTIPLE
text: POTS going. Buzzer going off, etc. Toots models a NEW FANCY
text: DRESS as if she’s standing in a department store, oblivious
dialog: to the fact that Joy could use a hand.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
text: It’s an exact replica of the dress
dialog: Nancy Reagan wore at Frank
dialog: Sinatra's birthday party. Remember
dialog: the picture I ripped out of Vogue
dialog: magazine at Dr. Mozingo’s office?
dialog: This is it. I mean the replica.
dialog: Joy. Joy look. Look at my dress.
text: Joy runs to the boiling pot, steals a glance at Toots.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah, it’s nice mom. Christie,
dialog: Bobby, Jackie, go wash your hands!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Toots)
dialog: What’s this dress for?
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: It’s for the next thing. The next
dialog: thing I have.
text: Joy tries to get the pasta pot to the sink.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Its just you already have so many
dialog: dresses.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: I’m supposed to have dresses. You
dialog: think if you walked into Nancy
dialog: Reagan’s closet it’s just gonna be
dialog: filled with long shorts? Can you
dialog: unzip me now? Joy?
text: Joy has her hands full.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Bobby, tv goes off! Let’s go guys!
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: I mean I’ve got the room. You know,
text: it’s just me now. I’m alone.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom, it’s been fifteen years.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Well I still have space in my
dialog: closets. Do you know how lonely
dialog: that is? Empty closets in your own
dialog: house?
text: Joy looks at the CLOCK. 6:40. She’s concerned.
speaker_heading: TOOTS (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s odd he hasn’t called. That’s
dialog: not like Tony.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Sometimes it is. Sometimes he gets
text: a drink with Joe and Peter.
text: The kids enter. Christie has overheard and looks worried.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: Is everything ok?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Everything's fine.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Well it’s almost 7. Oh God, I hope
dialog: it’s not the worst.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: He’s fine.
dialog: (cheerful)
dialog: Alright, everybody, sit down!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY.
text: Joy picks toys up off of the floor. She picks up Tony’s towel
text: from earlier. Glances at the clock. 10:45.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM. LATER THAT NIGHT.
text: It’s dead quiet. SAME CLOCK READS 1:28. Joy sits on the
text: couch, folding laundry. There is a lot of folded laundry
text: around her. Finally the door opens. Tony enters, quietly,
text: wearing different clothes carrying a small duffel bag. Joy’s
text: relief quickly turns to disappointment. She stops folding.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Must have been some job interview.
text: Tony is surprised to see her up.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Geez, babe. You scared me. What are
dialog: you doin’?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Waiting for you.
text: Tony, feeling caught, puts his duffel bag on the couch.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I was at the job interview.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay. That was 10 am.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It didn't go so well.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (calm)
dialog: So what then? You don’t call me?
dialog: You don’t come home til 1:30 in the
dialog: morning? Where have you been?
dialog: Pause.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I was at the track.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I had to blow off some steam, okay?
dialog: The interview was a mess. They told
dialog: me they already hired someone
dialog: yesterday but they didn’t want to
dialog: cancel. So it was a waste of time.
dialog: Anyway I knew you'd be
dialog: disappointed. So, I’m sorry baby.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: You went to the track? Why wouldn’t
dialog: you call? I didn’t know where you
dialog: were. Do you know the thoughts that
dialog: have been going through my mind?
text: Tony sits next to her and puts his hand on her leg.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I said I was sorry.
dialog: (turning on the charm)
dialog: What kind of thoughts were you
dialog: having?
text: She pulls away.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Tony I’m serious.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I’m serious too. What kind of
dialog: thoughts were you having?
dialog: Were you thinking about the 600
dialog: dollars I won on the number 7 horse
dialog: in the third race?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And how I made another 200 on a
dialog: little horse named ‘Joy’s Toys’?
dialog: I’m serious, that was the name of
dialog: the horse. This horse had great
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (shakes her head,
dialog: disappointed)
dialog: I can’t believe you went to the
dialog: track.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah but I won.
text: Joy is speechless.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Goodnight Tony--
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Wait. Before you go to bed, you
dialog: should open this bag. Real quick.
text: Tony puts his duffel bag in front of her. Joy is reserved.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Go ahead.
text: She sighs, reluctantly opens the bag. She takes out a BRAND
text: NEW TOASTER. She shakes her head, only slightly amused.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
text: It’s a four-slice with multiple
dialog: heat settings. It’s a Cuisinart.
text: He takes out a WAD OF CASH and puts it on the couch.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: The rest I thought we could take
dialog: care of the electric bill. I know
dialog: you were worried about that, and
dialog: then...whatever else you think.
text: She doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Tony, this isn’t the way--
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Come here.
dialog: (Joy is not caving)
dialog: Come here.
text: Tony puts on the charm, walks toward her.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: You haven't been to sleep at all?
dialog: You've been up this whole night?
text: He stands, puts his hands on her hips, kisses her neck.
speaker_heading: JOY TONY
dialog: Don’t. I’m sorry about that.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know how I can make it up
dialog: to you.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Well whatever it is it’s not
dialog: happening tonight.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh yes it is.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (slowly caving)
dialog: No it’s not.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I think it is.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Well it’s not.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Let me ask you a question.
text: He starts to unbutton her shirt.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: How do these buttons come off? Do
dialog: you just--take’em off? Like one,
dialog: two...
text: As he unbuttons her shirt, Joy gives in. Shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Tony, you wear me out.
scene_heading: EXT. RUDY’S AUTOBODY SHOP. DAY.
text: The wall is COVERED with posters of LARGE BREASTED WOMEN in
text: BIKINIS on motorcycles, washing cars, bending over in a g-
text: string over the hood of a car, etc.
text: Joy stands with her father RUDY, a small-framed man, while
text: the KIDS PLAY in the background. Behind them through a
text: window we see TWO GOOMBAHS sit playing cards.
speaker_heading: JOY
text: Something’s rubbing up against the
dialog: tire. Tony wants you to look at it.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Yeah of course. But first there’s
dialog: someone I want you to meet.
dialog: (yells outside)
dialog: Viv!
dialog: 17.
text: VIV, A mid-60's CHUBBY, JOVIAL WOMAN enters. Her body is out
text: of proportion--very round in the middle with skinny bird
text: legs. She’s doing her best to look professional but she’s
text: busting out of the top and the sides.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT’D)
dialog: Joy, this is Viv. She’s my new
dialog: office manager and uh...we’re
dialog: together. She’s a model.
dialog: Joy's been through this before.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Right. Wow. Hi, it’s nice to meet
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: Hi Joy! I've heard so much about
dialog: you! I’d love to have you all over
dialog: sometime and cook for you in my
dialog: apartment!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh. Um...yeah. Sure...
text: Behind them, A CAR pulls into the garage. TWO MEN get out.
text: One is wearing a very nice suit. This is MATTY THE HORSE.
text: The goombahs playing cards get up and greet the two men. Rudy
text: sees Matty.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: You know what, why don’t you two
dialog: get to know each other. I’11 be
dialog: right back.
text: Rudy walks hurriedly toward the men.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey Matty!
text: Joy stands alone with Viv, feeling awkward.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: You have beautiful children.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Thank you.
text: Joy sees Rudy and Matty walk around the car. Matty talks
dialog: about the car.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: My children are all grown up. They
dialog: don’t talk to me anymore. I don’t
dialog: know why.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, that’s too bad. I’m sorry.
text: Joy sees Rudy nod agreeably at Matty.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: They blame me for a lot I guess.
dialog: Kids love to blame their parents.
dialog: And maybe something happened with
dialog: my third husband.
text: Rudy and Matty step back and talk while the goombahs TAKE THE
text: PLATES off of the car.
speaker_heading: VIV (CONT'D)
dialog: He was Australian. He was just
dialog: culturally different. And I think
dialog: he might have taken money from
dialog: them. From their bank accounts.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, wow. Yeah, maybe that’s what it
dialog: is.
text: Rudy and Matty shake hands. Joy makes out what Matty says.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay then. Have a wonderful
dialog: Tuesday.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Hey, what’s not to like?
text: Rudy is really trying to impress this guy. He follows behind
dialog: Matty.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, from time to time I get
dialog: Yankee tickets, we could go, you
dialog: know, see a game.
text: Matty pats him politely on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: My family’s got a box.
text: The two goombahs begin stripping the car as A BLACK CADILLAC
text: pulls up.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Yeah. Okay, so we’ll talk soon.
dialog: Good seeing you guys. Yep. Great!
text: Matty AND HIS PARTNER get into it and drive off. Rudy comes
text: back over, proud.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at this. You two are hitting
text: it off like sisters.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Oh Rudy, no! Okay, maybe. I don’t
dialog: know. Wouldn’t that be fun?!
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Viv, go get me a beer.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: (loves it)
dialog: He’s always tellin’ me to do stuff!
text: Joy forces a smile. Viv walks off. Joy looks at Rudy.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Hey. So whattaya think of Viv, huh?
dialog: She’s pretty hot to trot.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah she’s great dad.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: She’s the finest woman I’ve ever
dialog: known. I wanna bring her over on
dialog: Sunday for dinner to meet the kids.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Dad, what’s he doing here?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: (bragging)
dialog: Uh, I just did a thing for him so
dialog: you know, he drops this thing off.
dialog: It’s business.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Let’s take a look at that fender.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY. DAY.
text: Joy drives with groceries in the back, singing to Gregory
text: Abbott “Shake You Down.” She spots what looks like TONY’S
text: CAR going the other way. She does a double take. Was that
text: Tony? She turns around and follows him. He pulls into a
text: MOTEL. Confused, she keeps driving. After a few seconds, she
text: pulls over, breaths, turns around, and pulls into the MOTEL
scene_heading: PARKING LOT.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPER 8 MOTEL. MOMENTS LATER.
text: A two-story outdoor motel that has 20 rooms with their doors
text: facing the parking lot. Joy stands next to the car that she
text: saw. A small box of TOM JONES 8 TRACK TAPES sits on the
text: seat. TONY. Joy looks up at the different motel rooms,
text: tortured over what to do. She finally makes a move into the
scene_heading: MOTEL LOBBY.
scene_heading: INT. SUPER 8 MOTEL. FRONT DESK.
text: A 50-ish FEMALE DESK CLERK watches a game show.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Philadelphia.
speaker_heading: GAME SHOW HOST
dialog: And the answer is...The ocean.
text: She turns off the tv.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Hi, can I help you?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi. I need to find out if you have
dialog: a Tony Mangano checked in here?
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: I'm sorry I can’t release that
dialog: information, ma’am. We have a
dialog: privacy policy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh. He’s actually my husband. I’m
dialog: Joy Mangano. Here’s my I.D.
text: Joy anxiously hands the clerk her driver’s license. The clerk
text: looks at it. The clerk gets a strange look on her face. She
text: KNOWS SOMETHING. The clerk and Joy share a look.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT’D)
dialog: Tony Mangano is the name. Ring any
dialog: bells? He would have checked in
dialog: sometime today. That’s his car
dialog: right there. And I--I just gotta
dialog: know if he’s here.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: (regretfully)
dialog: I’m sorry ma’‘am. I can’t just
dialog: release information about a guest.
dialog: I could lose my job.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay. I understand, I’m sorry. I
dialog: don’t want to break any rules. I’1l
dialog: just wait.
text: The clerk is surprised as Joy politely takes a seat in one of
text: the guest chairs across from the clerk with her hands folded
text: in her lap.
text: Joy fidgets nervously, frequently checking out the window up
text: at the motel room doors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAME. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Joy looks out the window. The clerk finishes up a task, then
text: sees Joy still sitting patiently.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Do you know the date today?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Uh...the 19th.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Are you sure it’s not the 28th?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: The 28th? No it’s the 19th.
text: The desk clerk looks at Joy.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Oh I don’t know. I’m pretty sure
dialog: it’s the 28th. I’m gonna go to the
dialog: bathroom, but I’m pretty sure today
dialog: is...number 28.
text: Joy is confused. The desk clerk gets up and as she exits,
text: opens the door of the WOODEN CABINET of room keys behind her.
text: Joy computes this. After the woman exits, she gets up and
text: takes the number 28 room key from the rack and heads outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL OUTDOOR WALKWAY. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy self-consciously walks up the stairs, passes the
text: different rooms until she reaches room 28.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL. CONTINUOUS.
text: Wide shot of Joy walking along the upstairs walkway. She
text: opens the door and goes in. A moment, then...
text: Joy comes out of the room, closes the door, gathers herself,
text: walks back down the walkway and down the stairs. Tony comes
text: out with a TOWEL around his waist, looks around PANICKED,
text: watching Joy go down the stairs.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Joy! Joy, wait!
text: A WOMAN walks out of the motel room. She is wrapped in a BED
text: SHEET. Tony and the woman stand there dumbfounded.
text: Joy hurries into her car and drives off.
scene_heading: INT. JOY AND TONY'S HOME. KITCHEN.
text: The three kids are giggling. Joy stares off into space.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. LATER THAT NIGHT.
text: A clock reads 10:15 p.m. Joy is focused on making lunches to
text: keep from going crazy. She hears TONY’S CAR pull up outside.
scene_heading: EXT. JOY AND TONY’S HOUSE. CONTINUOUS.
text: She stands on the front porch watching him get out of the
text: car. He walks part way up and stops.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Joy--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No. No, Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Listen its not--
dialog: (Starts over)
dialog: We were talking--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Are you kidding me? Don’t.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Baby--
text: TONY walks toward her. Joy backs up, skittish. He registers
dialog: this.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Joy come on. Its freezing cold out
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You're not coming in here. Go
dialog: wherever you go, but you can’t be
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: (sees a NEIGHBOR come onto
dialog: their porch)
dialog: Come on. Let’s go inside and talk
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: There’s nothing to talk about. I
text: put the kids to sleep. They are in
dialog: bed. Not tonight, Tony. You, you go
dialog: away. Please.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So, what, you’re not going to let
dialog: me explain?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ok. Explain.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Number one. You need to calm down.
dialog: You're flying off the handle here.
dialog: (reaching)
dialog: Look I slipped okay. I slipped.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: So this was the first time.
text: He hesitates.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Please have enough respect for me
dialog: to tell me the truth.
text: He doesn’t say anything. This confirms it for Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: How could you do this?
text: She starts to cry. Tony moves in, starts rubbing her back.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Joy. Joy come on. I love you.
dialog: You're the mother of my children.
dialog: You're my family. You're the only
dialog: woman that will ever truly mean
dialog: anything to me.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Right. So what are the others? A
dialog: reflex?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (thinks he’s got her)
dialog: Come on, let’s go inside.
text: Beat. Joy is determined. Doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No. You can still see the kids
dialog: whenever you want--
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What?! What are you talking about?!
dialog: Joy. So you're gonna break up our
dialog: family over this?! You are not
dialog: doing this.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What are you gonna do without me?
dialog: You thought about that?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’1ll take my chances.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Well this is just fucking great.
dialog: What was I supposed to do, huh?!
dialog: You wanted all this.
dialog: (waves at their house)
dialog: I’m out here just trying to keep
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Wow. Okay, so its MY fault. I did
dialog: this.
text: Joy opens the door, starts heading in the house.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Where am I supposed to go?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (stops, turns)
dialog: Don’t you have a motel room?
text: Tony looks at Joy. His head DROPS, he turns and walks down
text: the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. JOY AND TONY'S HOUSE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy closes the door, in shock. She turns around and sees
text: three little pairs of shoes on the floor by the door.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. RONNIE’S HOUSE. THE NEXT MORNING.
text: Joy sits with Ronnie and her husband Dante, a VERY short,
text: round, Italian man, re: Danny DeVito with a full beard and
text: very full head of hair.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Animal. You're lucky I wasn’t
dialog: there, Joy, I would have left a
dialog: crime scene. If Dante ever did
dialog: anything like that I’d tie him to
text: the roof of the house and set the
text: house on fire.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Hey I’m sittin’ right here.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: You know what? Take those short
dialog: legs out of here so I can talk to
dialog: my friend in private. She’s
dialog: grieving!
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Why you mad at me? I didn’t do
dialog: nothin’.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: You're all animals that’s why! I’m
dialog: surprised you don’t EAT each other!
text: Dante gets up and walks down the hallway.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s drivin’ me nuts. You know what
dialog: he did this morning? He electric-
text: shaved his chest in the bathroom
dialog: sink and clogged the whole thing
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: DANTE (0.S.)
dialog: It was just the hair around my
dialog: shirt line!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Just around your shirt? It looked
dialog: like someone was cuttin' a carpet
text: in there. A curly, black, coarse
dialog: carpet! I can’t use my sink now,
text: it’s like someone shoved a raccoon
dialog: down the pipes. I tell you what, it
dialog: better just be your chest hair and
dialog: not anything else!
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: DANTE (0.S)
dialog: What about when you flushed a
dialog: tampon and ruined the entire Easter
dialog: weekend!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: You cheat on me I'll light that
dialog: chest hair on fire, I swear to God!
text: Joy starts to cry. Ronnie turns her attention to Joy, tries
text: to lighten the mood.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. I still can’t believe
dialog: you didn’t call me. Why didn’t you
dialog: call me?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I don’t know. I just--it was all
dialog: happening so fast and I--I had to
dialog: get the kids and then...I don’t
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Well listen. You’re the closest
dialog: thing to a sister that I’1l ever
dialog: have. Lord knows I prayed for one
dialog: but God gave me four brothers.
dialog: (looks up to the heavens
dialog: disapprovingly)
text: Four mamalukes.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But you’re my family too, Joy. And
dialog: we’re gonna get through this.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: When I was a kid, I always knew
dialog: about the women in my dad’s life. I
dialog: could hear my parents arguing about
dialog: it all the time. And they would
dialog: call the house. My mom would cry in
dialog: the bathroom. But I remember this
dialog: one day, one of’em came to the
dialog: door and I was right there in the
dialog: dining room and she told my mom
dialog: she'd been with my dad. But she
dialog: felt bad cause she didn’t know he
dialog: was married and she thought my mom
dialog: deserved to know. And when she
dialog: was leaving, she looked at my mom
dialog: kinda confused and she said “I’m
dialog: surprised he runs around. You look
dialog: like a wonderful lady.” And my
dialog: mom...she just went upstairs and
dialog: went to bed and she never really
dialog: came out. I’m 6 years old, making
dialog: dinner for my brother.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: You did the right thing, Joy.
dialog: You're doin’ the right thing.
text: Ronnie lights a cigarette. Joy pulls herself together. Wipes
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I gotta get a job. Since Tony lost
dialog: his last job, we’re already way in
dialog: the hole.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Well you know, there’s the job fair
text: at church on Sunday.
text: Joy nods, lost.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
text: One foot in front of the other,
dialog: Joy.
scene_heading: EXT. JOY’S HOUSE. EVENING.
text: POV through Joy’s living room window--Joy sits across from
text: her three kids, who sit on the sofa with their hands in their
text: laps like three peas in a pod. Joy gives them the news.
scene_heading: INT. JOY AND TONY'S HOUSE. NIGHTTIME.
text: Joy climbs into bed. She lays down facing Tony’s side of the
text: bed. She stares at it, then she quickly flips over facing the
text: other direction. Bobby enters.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mommy?
text: Joy turns to see all three kids standing there.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Alright, come on in. Just for
dialog: tonight, okay?
text: All the kids run in.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody in. Good.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mommy, will we still get to go to
dialog: the Mets games?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yep. We’1l still do everything we
dialog: did before.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Daddy won't sleep here, but you'll
dialog: still see him and do fun things
dialog: with him and I promise nothing else
dialog: is gonna change. We’re still going
dialog: to be one big happy family.
text: The kids settle to go to sleep.
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: The kids are all asleep. Joy is WIDE AWAKE, staring at the
text: ceiling. She shifts. She shifts again. Unsettled, Joy
text: reaches into her night-stand drawer and grabs a SONY WALKMAN
text: and switches it on. It’s Richard Marx,”Right Here Waiting”:
dialog: “Oceans apart, day after day, and I slowly go insane...")
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S KITCHEN. MORNING.
text: Joy is on the phone with Toots.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Terrible. This is just terrible.
dialog: I've been a wreck all day thinking
dialog: about this. I’m just devastated.
dialog: I've been light-headed and dizzy. I
dialog: had to take three Advil, Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m sorry, mom. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Tony! I just can’t believe this.
text: Tony is gone, that’s it. It’s over.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Joy, are you sure? Are you sure you
dialog: want to do this?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What? Mom. I saw him. I saw.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: But why divorce? Why so extreme?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom, you're divorced.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Not till after you were grown. And
dialog: I would have never left your
dialog: father. He left me. I would have
dialog: stuck it out.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: TOOTS (CONT'D)
dialog: As much of a ga-ga-gatz (dickhead)
dialog: as your father was, at least he
dialog: kept a roof over our heads.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I don’t want to spend my life
text: sitting behind the door until
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: What else is there? Joy, don’t try
dialog: to do this on your own. You don’t
dialog: know what you’re getting yourself
dialog: into.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH HALL.
text: A sign on the door says “JOB FAIR TODAY.” Joy enters with her
text: kids, they are dressed having come from Church.
text: Joy stands at the doorway and surveys the room: There are a
text: bunch of TABLES set up. A few UNEMPLOYED PEOPLE talk to
text: different company reps, some sit and read brochures, some
text: wander around with a LOST LOOK.
text: She notices the priest, FATHER BENEDETTI, talking to a
text: company rep at the EASTERN AIRLINES table.
scene_heading: FATHER BENEDETTI
dialog: They are legal citizens but many of
dialog: them don’t speak English. They are
dialog: very hard working. I have several
dialog: families.
text: Standing with the priest is a small group of Dominican
text: people. They look desperate.
speaker_heading: COMPANY REP
dialog: If I hear of anything I will let
dialog: you know.
scene_heading: FATHER BENEDETTI
dialog: Thank you so much.
text: The priest turns to Joy as he escorts the group to another
text: table. He PATS JOY ON THE SHOULDER as he escorts the group to
text: another table. Joy walks up to the Eastern Airlines table.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi. I’ve flown your airline before.
scene_heading: INT. EASTERN AIRLINES.
text: Joy stands behind the ticket counter. First day jitters.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I can help you over here.
text: Off Joy’s hopeful look, we begin Joy without Tony MONTAGE:
text: -wears her EASTERN AIRLINES uniform, forces a big smile,
text: greets Christie and Bobby as they get off the bus.
text: -picks up Jackie from Toots’ house.
text: -cooks dinner while helping kids with homework.
text: in the basement pulling clothes out of the dryer.
text: -at supermarket in work uniform with three kids.
text: -at her kitchen table, balancing her checkbook.
text: -a MAN hands her a DINER APRON.
text: -now in a DINER UNIFORM, carrying plates, making her way
text: through a busy diner.
text: -in DINER UNIFORM at Toots’s house, loading sleeping children
text: into the car.
text: -in basement making more elaborate wreaths. She’s doing it.
text: -mops the diner alone at night.
text: -Joy finishes mopping the basement, sits down tired.
text: -sleeps on the couch while her kids watch TV
text: -sleeps in break room at Eastern Airlines.
text: -at McDonald's with the kids, sees a dad tickling his
text: daughter in line as she laughs. Then glances over to a couple
dialog: in love.
text: -at Toots’ house late at night-- Joy, in her Airlines
text: uniform, loads her sleeping children into her car.
text: -Joy stands in her FLOODED BASEMENT next to a BUSTED WATER
text: HEATER. A workman gives her an estimate as wreaths and all
text: her supplies lie under the water and float by.
text: -Three kids in Joy's bed. Joy tries to get in, there’s not
text: much room. She makes the most of a corner, falling asleep.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S BATHROOM.
text: The kids sit in the tub. Joy pours hot water from a pot into
text: the tub. She tries to keep their spirits up.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You know, this is how people did it
dialog: in the old days. They didn’t have
dialog: automatic hot water. How’s that, is
dialog: that warmer?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I’m still cold mommy.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S KITCHEN. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy tests the water in one of the pots and burns her finger.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ow! Shit.
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S HOUSE. EVENING.
text: Joy, looking very worn down in her DINER uniform, tidies up
text: the living room. She looks through the front window to check
text: on the kids, who are sitting on the curb with their
text: suitcases. She looks at the clock. It’s 5 PM.
scene_heading: EXT. CURB. JOY’S HOUSE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Disappointed, she comes outside. The kids look at her,
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: He'll be here. He probably just got
text: caught up at work and he’s on his
dialog: way. Sometimes on Fridays there's a
dialog: lot of traffic and its much harder
dialog: to get here.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
text: He’s a deadbeat.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Christie!
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: I heard at school that a deadbeat
text: is a dad that doesn’t show up and
dialog: he doesn’t always show up.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: He does. He just--Your father is
dialog: your dad. He’s a part of us, we are
dialog: a part of him. He’s our family and
dialog: we're all connected and we need to
dialog: love each other, okay?
dialog: 32.
text: Suddenly, Tony’s car motors up, TOM JONES music blasting. Joy
text: is relieved.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Daddy! !
text: Tony gets out of the car, beaming. He looks FRESH AND RESTED.
text: He’s dressed well, full of energy. Like he’s just come back
text: from vacation-the OPPOSITE of how Joy looks. He’s carrying a
text: plastic bag. Joy adjusts her skirt and smooths her hair.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey guys!!!
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Daddy!!/Hi Daddy/Let’s go!
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: You're late.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I know. I’m sorry. I went somewhere
dialog: and was getting you guys something
dialog: and it took longer than I thought.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: What?/What is it?!
text: Out of a bag, Tony takes out a bunch of souvenirs--hats,
text: shirts, flags, that all read RIVERHEAD RACETRACKS. The kids
text: are excited. Joy silently reacts to this.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Great stuff! Wow! Okay guys,
dialog: seatbelts!
text: The kids open the door and pile into the car. Tony and Joy
dialog: are left alone.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay, so um... Sunday morning?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. Sunday.
dialog: (then)
dialog: How ya doin?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Good.
text: Awkward pause. Joy goes to the car.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Gosh! What am I gonna do without
dialog: you guys?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You’re gonna work.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yes, yes I am. Come here.
text: She kisses each of them as Tony gets into the drivers seat.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: I love you/Bye mommy.
text: Joy closes the door. She watches the car pull away with her
text: THREE KIDS FACES pressed up against the window waving at her.
text: Christie looks concerned.
text: Joy stands there too long. A heaviness comes over her. She
text: turns, starts to adjust her work uniform.
scene_heading: INT. DINER.
text: Different shots of Joy running her ass off. Busy night.
scene_heading: INT. DINER. MIDNIGHT.
text: Joy, TIRED, takes a bin full of glasses and plates through
text: the swinging doors into the kitchen. She grabs a MOP out of
text: the corner and comes back out to behind the counter area and
text: starts to mop. As she’s mopping, the DIRTY WATER is POOLING
text: on the floor. Joy grimaces at it.
text: She goes to put the mop in the WRINGER and the winch/wringer
text: jams. She jerks it to try to un-jam it, but it’s stuck. She
text: uses her bare hands and tries to wring the mop out, but
text: something unidentified and disgusting comes off on her hands.
text: Frustrated, she tries the wringer again. It won’t budge. She
text: jerks it again hard, the winch BREAKS. Joy slips, takes a
text: HARD, VIOLENT FALL onto the floor.
text: Joy lays on the dirty floor without moving. This is her life.
text: After a moment, she sits up, rubs her hip with her hand, in
text: pain. She grabs the mop and angrily THROWS IT across the
dialog: floor.
dialog: 34.
text: She leans up against the cabinet and looks around the room.
text: There are still lots of tables left to be bussed. The clock
text: reads 12:30. She slowly and carefully pulls herself up,
text: grabs a bus-bin, and goes back to work.
scene_heading: INT. DINER. 1 AM.
text: Joy puts on her coat and heads to the door. She stops,
text: remembering something. She heads back into where she fell.
text: The mop still lies there. She picks the mop up, sticks it in
text: the bucket, and rolls it back into the kitchen by the mop
text: handle, into it’s designated corner.
text: She stares at the mop. She stares at it for a very long time.
scene_heading: INT. RUDY’S AUTOBODY SHOP. DAY.
text: Joy sits alone at a large workbench in a corner, SKETCHING
text: SOMETHING, intensely focused. In the background, the men go
dialog: about their business.
text: ANGLE ON: her hand grabbing a wooden BROOM HANDLE out of the
text: hardware store bag. She lays the BROOM HANDLE on the table.
text: ANGLE ON: a TAPE MEASURE measures the length and width of the
text: broom handle.
text: ANGLE ON: a HUGE SPOOL of ROPE comes out out of the bag and
text: begins to make LOOPS with it.
text: Two of the goombahs and Rudy work on getting a car up on the
text: lift. DOMINIC addresses Joy from across the room.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Hey Joy. So what you working on?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: A project.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Yeah, what kind of project?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Just this idea I have.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: My daughter the inventor. She’s
dialog: like--who’s that broad that makes
dialog: all those crafts, that tv broad?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Martha Stewart.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: Yeah, she’s Martha Stewart. Ever
dialog: since she’s a kid I’m tripping over
dialog: these gadgets she likes to make.
text: Goombah number two, ANTHONY, amuses himself--
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I wish she could invent me a
dialog: sandwich. I’m starving.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: From the looks of it, Anthony, you
dialog: don’t need another sandwich.
speaker_heading: MEN
dialog: Ohhhh!!!
text: Joy remains focused.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: The men eat their lunch, talking and glancing over at Joy,
text: who’s still at it. She tugs on a wire and pulls it again.
text: FRUSTRATED, SHE TAKES THE WHOLE THING APART. They chuckle.
text: We see VARIOUS SHOTS of JOY BUSY AT WORK, looping rope,
text: rigging PVC piping to the broomstick, taking it apart AGAIN.
text: More shots of Joy RE-DOING the same steps--measuring and
text: sawing more piping, re-fitting the piping onto the
text: broomhandle, carefully finessing the wiring. Determined.
text: She stretches he back and legs, the clock reads 4:30 pm.
text: A few customers come in and out.
text: Joy stares at the project. She grabs DUCT TAPE out of her
text: hardware store bag and takes her tape measure out again.
text: The guys start shutting the place down, leaving for the day.
text: Joy looks at her finished project as it’s laid out on the
text: table--a HAND-MADE PROTOTYPE OF A MOP. She’s pleased.
text: Rudy walks up and looks at the prototype. It’s not pretty.
text: It’s rigged with duct tape, wires everywhere and piping. IT
text: HAS A LEVER ATTACHED THAT PUSHES TWO METAL RODS DOWN THAT
text: SQUEEZE THE MOP. He’s confused. He grabs her sketch of it and
text: glances at it. He looks from the sketch to the prototype.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: The drawing’s not great but it’s
text: all in my head. The lever pushes
text: the rollers down and wrings it out.
dialog: 36.
text: Joy demonstrates proudly. She pushes the LEVER down. The mop
text: BREAKS APART. A bunch of pieces fall to the floor. Rudy is
text: not impressed. As he walks out--
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Alright. Make sure to lock up.
text: Joy goes to THROW the mop, but catches herself. Frustrated,
text: she throws the pieces in a bag and gives up.
scene_heading: EXT. JOY’S HOUSE. EVENING.
text: On the way into the house, Joy drops the bag of mop parts in
dialog: the trash.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S HOUSE.
text: Joy gives her kids a bath, dunks a washcloth in the water.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay, come here Jackie. Come here.
text: Jackie offers up her BACK for Joy to wash. Joy WRINGS OUT A
text: WASHCLOTH. While wringing it out, she watches her WRIST. She
text: dunks the washcloth and DOES THE MOTION AGAIN. And again. She
dialog: thinks.
text: The kids are quiet. Watching her. Jackie, with her back to
text: Joy, waits to be washed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mom what are you doing?
text: Joy dunks the washcloth one more time. She wrings it. It’s
text: quiet as the kids stare at her.
scene_heading: EXT. JOY'S HOUSE.
text: Joy fishes the discarded mop parts out of the trash.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S BASEMENT. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy has the PROTOTYPE on the table and pours all of her parts
text: out of a bag onto the table that was once covered in wreaths.
text: She quickly takes parts off of the mop.
text: She goes to work at it again...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S BASEMENT.
text: Joy is asleep on the table. The clock reads 6 a.m. A voice
text: wakes her up.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: Mommy?
text: Joy jolts up to see Christie standing there in her pajamas.
text: It’s daytime. Joy forces a smile.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi.
scene_heading: INT. RONNIE’S HOUSE. DAY.
text: Kids play in the backyard. Ronnie stares at Joy through the
text: smoke from her Virginia Slim.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I think it’s genius.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
text: It’s a ‘self-wringing’ mop.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I gotta try this.
text: Ronnie gets up. Joy hands her the mop. Ronnie dunks it in the
text: water, twists the handle and wrings it out while never having
dialog: to put her cigarette down. It’s easy.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god. Look at this!
dialog: How did you do this?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I wrote it down, and then I just
dialog: started putting it together.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I’ve never seen anything like this.
dialog: Other people are gonna want one of
dialog: these.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You think?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I need one. My hands look like bird
dialog: claws from all the cleaning
dialog: chemicals. My nails don’t fit into
dialog: the gloves.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: The wreaths always helped with
dialog: bills and stuff and now that i’m
dialog: not doin’em... I don’t know, you
dialog: really like it? You think people
dialog: might buy something like this? Like
dialog: I could sell’em?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I think you could sell the shit out
dialog: of ‘em.
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S DINING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: Rudy, Viv, Ronnie, Dante sit at the table. The kids sit at a
text: separate kids table. Joy cleans. Rudy is holding court.
speaker_heading: RUDY
text: So Joey Gallo gets whacked.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Dad. The kids.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Sorry. Joey Gallo gets gunned down--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Dad.
text: Joy puts an espresso down in front of Rudy.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: --at that restaurant on Mulberry
text: and Elizabeth street. They shot him
text: in between seafood courses.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: That’s almost 20 years ago now.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: I remember that.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Umberto’s Clam House--Matty the
dialog: Horse’s restaurant. Matty was there
dialog: the night Joey was killed, so the
dialog: FBI got to thinking maybe he might
dialog: have had something to do with it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT'D)
dialog: So Matty and I had done some
dialog: business on the up and up over the
dialog: years. Little stuff. I get a call.
text: It's Matty. He’s breathing heavy, I
dialog: could barely understand him on the
dialog: phone. Tells me he needs to go on
text: the lamb from the government.
text: Joy puts a piece of pie in front of Rudy. She dutifully
text: scoops ice cream onto his plate. He digs in.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT’D)
dialog: He’s gotta get outta town. He says
dialog: “Rudy. You gotta do me a favor...
text: Joy joins in, she’s heard this story before.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT’D) JOY
dialog: You’re the only one I can “You're the only one I can
dialog: trust.” trust.”
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT'D)
dialog: I met him at a Dunkin’ Donuts on
dialog: Queens blvd. I drove him and Benny
dialog: Cohen all the way to Florida in my
dialog: Buick Regal.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: True story. As I live and breathe.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: Were you scared?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I‘m aman. In a time like that your
text: natural instincts take over.
text: Viv is impressed. Mission accomplished.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: So let me get this straight. You
dialog: drove a murderer all the way to
text: Florida with his murdering friend
dialog: so that the cops couldn’t put them
dialog: in jail for murdering people.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Somethin’ to be proud of, Dad.
text: Joy sits down at the table with a Yellow Pages and flips
text: through. Rudy is annoyed at her for pulling focus.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: What are you doin? We’re in the
text: middle of dinner.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Can I show you something?
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S BASEMENT. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Joy, Ronnie, Rudy and Viv Ronnie are looking at the mop.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I still don’t get it. I mean I
dialog: don’t mop, so...
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: It wrings by itself. You don’t have
dialog: to break your back to bend down,
dialog: and stick your hands in dirty
dialog: water. It’s genius. You heard it
text: here first. She’s tuned into
dialog: something. Every housewife in
dialog: America is gonna want one of these
dialog: mops.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Alright, take it easy.
text: Rudy looks at the mop.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT'D)
text: This looks different from the one
dialog: you showed me.
text: Rudy holds the mop awkwardly. Viv sits and unwraps a candy.
text: Joy flips through the Yellow Pages.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah I fixed it. This one’s right.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What we should do is we make a
dialog: bunch of’em. And we can do a show!
text: A presentation, in front of like
dialog: store owners and stuff.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah. This takes a long time to do
dialog: each one by hand. We need to find a
dialog: way to make more.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Whoa whoa whoa. Put the Yellow
dialog: pages down, it’s embarrassing.
dialog: (cocky)
dialog: What you need is to get a mold
dialog: made.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: A mold. They'll take your main part
dialog: there and make a mold of it, so
dialog: then you can get a hundred or a
dialog: thousand of these things whenever
dialog: you want. And quick. That’s what
dialog: the pros do.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: That’s what I want to do.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: They're expensive.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: Rudy you know people. Isn’t there
dialog: somebody you could call?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: (showing off)
dialog: Well sure, yeah. I got a guy out in
dialog: LA. Evan Reynolds. Runs Avalon
dialog: Industries. Makes all my parts.
dialog: I’1l make a call.
text: Joy is excited and very grateful.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Great! Thanks, Dad!
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: But you two need to figure out how
dialog: to move these things. That should
dialog: be your focus.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I mean it! I’m puttin’ myself on
dialog: the line here. It’s gonna be up to
dialog: you guys to move these things.
text: Joy and Ronnie smile at each other.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY.
text: A HUGE SIX BY SIX SLAB OF STEEL IS POURED AND STAMPED. Joy's
text: mop is being born.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S LIVING ROOM.
text: HUGE boxes are stacked up taking up most of the living room.
text: Joy opens one, grabs a mop head, starts putting pieces
text: together. She ASSEMBLES HER FIRST OFFICIAL MOP.
scene_heading: EXT. A&P. EARLY MORNING.
text: Joy and Ronnie stand in the parking lot in front of the
text: store. Ronnie holds the bucket and Joy holds one of the mops.
text: Ronnie nods at a woman walking toward them.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Here she comes. Our first customer.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi.
text: The woman keeps walking. They watch her in silence a moment.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Wait. We need a plan. Why don’t I
dialog: wrangle’em, I lure ‘em in, and then
dialog: you hit’em with the pitch.
text: A CUSTOMER passes by. Ronnie goes out towards her.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, Ma’am. I noticed you
text: have very dry, scaly hands.
text: The woman walks away, visibly angry.
scene_heading: EXT. DELICATESSAN. - LATE MORNING
text: Joy is demo’ing the mop for someone.
speaker_heading: JOY
text: It has a locking device here on the
dialog: handle and this part twists, and
dialog: when you twist the handle, see the
text: pin slides under, the loops
dialog: tighten, and they wring themselves
dialog: out.
text: The woman starts walking away.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: And... good bye.
text: Joy and Ronnie look defeated.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. DRUG STORE -NOON.
text: Ronnie greeting another woman.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Hi. Does your husband pee all over
dialog: the floor?
text: The woman keeps walking. Joy looks at Ronnie.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What? That’s what I use my mop for.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL HARDWARE STORE - AFTERNOON
text: As she demos, Joy is falling more in love with her invention.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I have to say this sliding
dialog: mechanism is my favorite part. See
dialog: I put a little tension rod for
dialog: additional pressure, This design is
dialog: very good.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS OF DIFFERENT PEOPLE PASSING JOY AND RONNIE AND
text: SHAKING THEIR HEADS AT THEM “No.” “No.” “No.”
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDROMAT. PARKING LOT. - DUSK
text: Ronnie and Joy put a bunch of mops in trunk and close it.
text: They sit in the car.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I still think we just need a better
dialog: location.
text: Joy nods, but she’s clearly feeling defeated.
scene_heading: INT. TOOTS’S HOUSE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Toots, on the PHONE, is glued to the Home Shopping Network.
text: The kids watch, bored. Joy enters, tired, but forces a smile.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi!
text: The kids RUSH to her.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Mommy/I missed you/Can we go home?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hey mom--—
dialog: 44,
text: Toots shushes Joy, talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Uh-huh. Okay. It’s a Visa--this is
dialog: so exciting-
text: As Toots reads off her credit card number into the phone.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: Mom. She won't turn it off.
text: ANGLE ON: T.V. A female host’s voice talks over an image of
text: two porcelain horses.
speaker_heading: T.V. HOST
dialog: And we're running out of time for
dialog: these porcelain horses, mother and
text: fawn. Only FIVE minutes left for
dialog: the amazing price of 19.99 and
dialog: we're gonna throw in this ladies
dialog: embroidered cosmetic bag. Chrystal,
dialog: tell us about this bag!
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Well its Le Sportsac, need I say
dialog: more?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (to kids)
dialog: Okay. Kids, get your stuff. Run up
dialog: and get your shoes on, let’s go.
text: The run off. Joy is upset with Toots. When she hangs up-
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: How did it go today?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Um...We’re figuring it out. Have
dialog: you been watching this all day?
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: They sell anything you can think
dialog: of, Joy. It’s incredible. I’m
dialog: gonna have these horses on the
text: mantel by Tuesday.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE (0.S.)
dialog: I can’t find my other shoe!
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: It’s in my room, honey!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom you can’t just plant the kids
text: in front of the tv all day.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Well you were gone a long time,
dialog: Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I told you 3:00. I asked you if it
dialog: was gonna be too much.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: I just didn’t think you’d really be
dialog: gone that long, that’s all.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I’m hungry.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (to Toots)
dialog: Did they eat?
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: I offered, Joy, but there’s not a
text: lot in my cupboards. I’m alone.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Alright guys, come on. Lets go get
dialog: some dinner.
scene_heading: INT. K-MART PARKING LOT. NEW DAY.
text: Ronnie and Joy stand with a bunch of mops. They gear up.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Okay. New day. Fresh start. Great
dialog: spot.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: At least this place has a little
dialog: more traffic.
text: Ronnie, seeing two women approach, hurries around to the
text: front and pretends to be a customer. She loudly overacts.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Wow, this looks interesting. I’m in
dialog: such a hurry today, what’s this?
text: The woman gives Ronnie a weird look and keeps walking.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Joy pulls the mop out of the bucket and accidentally
text: splatters water on someone.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oops. Oh. It’s just so light. But
dialog: still durable. I’m not trying to
dialog: brag. But this is-- bye.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS OF DIFFERENT PEOPLE PASSING THEM AND SHAKING
text: THEIR HEADS AT THEM AS THE DAY PASSES. “No.” “No.” “No.”
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Joy and Ronnie are EXHAUSTED. They sit on the CURB, defeated.
text: Ronnie calls out to people as they walk by, who IGNORE her.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Hey. Ponytail! Ponytail and blue
dialog: shirt. Hey! Crew cut! Crew cut
text: and flip-flops. Glasses and bangs.
dialog: You snooze you lose!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Stop.
text: Joy, laughing, puts her hand over Ronnie’s mouth to stop her,
text: but it’s too late--They are delirious. A woman passes them
text: pushing her kids in a cart. She wears VERY TIGHT HOT PINK
text: STRETCH PANTS--too tight. They’re not very flattering.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Stretch pants. Pink tights!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ronnie--
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (whips around, pissed)
dialog: What did you say?
text: Joy and Ronnie sober up.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Nothing. I just said stretch pants.
dialog: I was trying to get your attention.
dialog: So now that we’re here--
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I heard you making fun of me.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What? No.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Just because I didn’t stop to talk
dialog: to you, you insult me?
dialog: The woman
dialog: The woman
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I wasn’t insulting you, I swear to
dialog: God. You had pink stretch pants on
dialog: so I called out ‘Pink stretch
text: pants.’
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Do you have permission to be out
dialog: here? Does the store manager know?
dialog: I think he should know you're out
dialog: here making fun of his customers.
text: heads into the store. Joy rushes to her.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: NO!!! Please. Don’t. Please. My
text: friend has a big mouth.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: All I said was stretch pants!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: We've been out here a little too
dialog: long and it was totally out of line
dialog: that my friend said that. We're
dialog: just delirious, that’s all it is.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It’s not nice.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I'm sorry. There is NOTHING wrong
dialog: with your pants. Please. Please
dialog: don’t tell the manager.
text: stares at them. Then, she breaks down.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You caught me on a bad day for
dialog: this, you know. I’ve had a very
dialog: hard day.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (immediately empathetic)
dialog: Oh no! What happened?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: My son flushed his underwear down
dialog: the toilet this morning and backed
dialog: up the sewage in my house.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh my god.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Yes. When I woke up to get out of
dialog: bed, I stepped in toilet water.
dialog: Then as I was walking to shut the
text: toilet off, I stepped on a floater.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
text: It’s poop. She stepped on a piece
text: of poop.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: That’s horrible! I’m so sorry. I
dialog: feel terrible that we added to it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: How old is your son?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: He’s five.
text: Joy BECOMES COMPLETELY HERSELF, now, just relating to the
text: woman, conversationally.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, I have a five year old! He
text: stuck a raisin up his nose a couple
dialog: of weeks ago and I had to take him
text: to the EMERGENCY ROOM and it cost
dialog: me 300 dollars to have them take it
dialog: out with the tweezers. I’ve been
dialog: in those days when it’s just one
text: disaster after another.
dialog: (Hands her a mop)
dialog: Here. Have this.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You don’t have to give it to me for
dialog: free.
dialog: (looking at the mop)
dialog: How does this work?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (conversational, casual)
dialog: Oh. It’s really easy. You know how
dialog: when you normally mop, you dunk
dialog: and then wring, but it never quite
dialog: picks everything up and it makes a
dialog: mess?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Yeah I always end up getting down
dialog: on the floor-
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: JOY WOMAN
dialog: With paper towels... With paper towels...
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: To clean up the mess from the
dialog: mopping after I mop.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Exactly. This mop does all in one.
dialog: With this mop I don’t get the dirty
dialog: water slushing all around, I don’t
dialog: have to put my hands in there, and
dialog: it’s easier on my back cause I’m
text: not bent over struggling with that
text: wringer. And the head comes off so
dialog: I can throw it in the wash or
dialog: bleach it. I love it.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Wow. You made this? This thing’s
dialog: unbelievable.
text: A FEW PASSERSBY notice the STRETCH PANTS WOMAN ENGAGING WITH
text: JOY AND their interest is peaked. One WOMAN stops to look.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (turns to her)
dialog: Um, it’s a mop.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #3 (0.S.)
dialog: You selling it?
text: Joy, caught off guard, turns to see ANOTHER WOMAN standing on
text: the other side of her.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, yes. Hi. Yeah it’s for sale.
text: Ronnie steps back in.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: She made this, you know. She
dialog: designed it herself.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Well you know I got tired of--I
dialog: don’t know how you feel about
dialog: cleaning, but I HATE mopping. I
dialog: mean, I don’t like cleaning in
dialog: general..who does, I guess.
dialog: 50.
text: The women nod in agreement. As another person walks up, Joy
text: begins to demo the mop again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Joy and Ronnie stand in shock. They don’t even know what just
dialog: hit them.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: One left.
text: Sure enough, there is only one mop left. Joy and Ronnie look
text: at each other. They hug each other, CRAZY EXCITED.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What happened??!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: They don’t wanna know about the
dialog: mechanics. They just wanna talk.
dialog: It was crazy, you were on a roll,
text: it was like a feeding frenzy.
text: Joy can’t contain herself. She looks at Ronnie, BEAMING.
text: Ronnie turns so Joy can see their reflection in the store
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at us - Big shots!
dialog: (Looks closer)
dialog: I’m gonna need new Reeboks.
dialog: (Another long look)
dialog: We look like shit.
scene_heading: INT. TOOTS’S HOUSE.
text: Joy enters. Same scene as before. HSN is on. Kids are bored.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hill!
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Hey mom/hi
speaker_heading: HSN (0.S.)
dialog: ...this 5 piece Barbacue Utensil
dialog: set. It’s the fork, the spatula,
dialog: the tongs and two shakers...
text: Toots comes quickly down the stairs.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: This isn’t what it seems. I just
dialog: turned it on.
text: Christie shoots Joy a look. Joy shakes her head.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: TOOTS (CONT'D)
dialog: (trying to distract Joy)
dialog: Anyway, how did it go?!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Good. We sold 27 mops.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL (ON TV)
dialog: How many?!
dialog: (back to audience)
dialog: My friends, we just passed the
dialog: 95,000 mark of these, we only have
dialog: 5,000 left. And from the looks of
dialog: it, we are going to run out in just
dialog: minutes. This has been a record-
dialog: breaking Home Improvement
dialog: weekend...
text: Joy notices that on the screen, it says NUMBER SOLD, it is
text: already gone up BY 200 in about fifteen seconds. Joy stares
text: at the counter as the number keeps quickly rising.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT. K-MART-— DUSK
text: Joy and Ronnie after another long day. Ronnie gives change to
text: one last BUYER as Joy puts the one unsold mop in the car...
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Oh no! Are you all out?
text: A YOUNG WOMAN, 20s, blonde, pretty, has exited the store.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No, actually we have one more.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Oh good. I'll take it. I had to run
dialog: in and get cash from my boyfriend.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Hmmm. Where can I get a boyfriend
dialog: who hands me cash?
text: Just then, TONY appears. The woman addresses him.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: This is it, honey, see?
text: Joy is SHOCKED. Tony sees Joy. He goes WHITE.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Ohhhh...
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: This thing is cool.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Ronnie.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Tony.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: You guys know each other?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: This is my...ex-wife.
text: The young woman looks surprised.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Really.
text: She stares at Joy. Joy, self-conscious, smooths her hair.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Joy this is--Michelle.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi.
text: Michelle sizes Joy up. Joy holds the mop in front of her to
text: try to cover a COFFEE STAIN on her shirt. Michelle looks
text: right at it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What are you guys doin out here?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (humiliated)
dialog: We're selling these. I made’em and
dialog: we're just out here selling them.
dialog: To people. It’s been a good day.
text: Awkward pause.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Where are the kids?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: At my mom’s.
text: More awkward silence.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Right. Okay. Mops, huh?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: People really like’em.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: That’s great. Anyway, um, well I
dialog: guess I'll see you next weekend for
dialog: the kids.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yep. Okay, bye!
text: Michelle stands there awkwardly.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Can I still get a mop?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: It’s the least you can do.
scene_heading: EXT. TOOTS’S HOUSE.
text: Joy sits in her car, pulling herself together. She’s been
text: crying.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Joy strains to carry a full laundry basket to the couch. Her
text: feet are KILLING HER. She sits to rub them. Turns on the tv.
text: Channel 29 comes on. Two hosts demonstrating a DUSTBUSTER.
text: She watches them with growing interest.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT.
text: Joy, in uniform, is on a pay-phone.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi. I wanted to know how people go
dialog: about submitting a...product for
dialog: your show?
scene_heading: EXT. KMART.
text: Joy talks to Ronnie.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You submit a sample and they review
dialog: it and they decide if they think
text: it’s good enough to go on the air.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Well, what are we doin out here
dialog: then?
scene_heading: INT. POST OFFICE. DAY.
text: Joy tinkers with MOP SUBMISSION materials. She and Ronnie
text: reluctantly hand the mop over the counter. They watch
text: nervously as the POSTAL CLERK flings it into a bin behind
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S HOUSE. BACKYARD. DAY.
text: Jackie is arguing with Bobby.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: You're stupid!
text: Jackie hauls off and HITS BOBBY with the bat.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: OW!!!
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy pulls a sweatshirt over her head and runs down the stairs
text: as the PHONE IS RINGING, yelling out to the kids.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What happened?!
text: Joy runs into the kitchen and answers the phone.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: BOBBY (0.S)
dialog: She took my bat!
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Hi, Joy? This is Valerie from HSN.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi Valerie.
dialog: (to kids)
dialog: Guys! Jackie! Shh!!!
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Is this a bad time?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No, no, no, it’s great.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Hi. First off, we want to thank you
dialog: for your submission.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Joy, while on the phone, goes to the door and watches as
text: Bobby yanks on the bat, but Jackie won’t let go.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Give it!!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (cupping phone, to kids)
text: Jackie give Bobby the bat.
text: Joy makes a signal to her kids. They keep fighting.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: We get hundreds of thousands of
dialog: submissions a year and we carefully
dialog: review every single one.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: After careful review of yours--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Jackie!
dialog: (cupping phone)
dialog: Give Bobby the bat.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: --we decided to give it a shot.
text: Joy doesn’t make the shift.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: We're going to debut your mop on
dialog: the 19th.
text: Joy is speechless.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: Joy recovers from her shock enough to reply.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yes. I’m here. Thank you. That’s
dialog: good news.
text: Jackie is SCREAMING. Bobby holds one end of the bat and
dialog: 56.
text: DRAGS JACKIE around the backyard, as she keeps her grip on
dialog: the bat.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Bobby! !
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Are you sure this is an okay time?
dialog: I can call you back a little later.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No, no, no. It’s fine. I’m sorry.
dialog: Can you hold on one second?
text: Joy goes outside, stretches the phone cord out the door. She
text: cups the phone and speaks URGENTLY in a YELLING WHISPER.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get over here. Everyone. Listen. We
dialog: are all a family. Do you know what
dialog: that means? We are a team. We have
dialog: to LOVE each other and help each
dialog: other. We are all we have. This is
dialog: it. Let’s hug. Lets not fight. I am
dialog: on the phone so please just give me
dialog: this!! I’m begging you! Love each
dialog: other!
text: The kids stop, stare at her, thrown by her passionate plea.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: (back into phone)
dialog: Sorry Valerie.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: We are gonna need a few things from
dialog: you. We need a logo. We need a name
dialog: for the mop. And we need 7,000
dialog: units.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Seven--thousand.
text: In the background, Jackie hands Bobby the bat. He gives her
dialog: the ball.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Yes. Electronic retailing happens
dialog: fast and in a lot of volume, so we
dialog: have to be prepared.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: That’s no problem. No problem.
dialog: Okay. Oh. Okay.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Thank you. Thank you.
text: Joy hangs up. The kids are looking at her.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: They liked it. They like the mop.
text: The kids stare at her.
scene_heading: INT. RUDY’S AUTOBODY SHOP.
text: Joy stands across from Rudy and Viv.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Okay. Evan Reynolds can handle the
dialog: 7,000 and he’1l have’em done in a
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: But you gotta pay him 15 grand.
text: Joy’s mouth drops.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Whoa.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: You’re lucky, trust me. He’s
dialog: cutting you a deal ‘cause of me.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I know. I just don’t know how I’m
dialog: gonna come up with that kind of
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Well don’t look at me, I got you
dialog: this far. I can’t hold your hand
dialog: the whole way. I got my own
dialog: business to run. You’re gonna have
dialog: to get creative.
dialog: Joy thinks.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. BANK.
text: Joy sits nervously at a desk. The KIDS play behind her. The
text: BANK MANAGER points at her PAPERWORK on the desk.
speaker_heading: BANK MANAGER
dialog: Just sign here. And here. And here.
text: We see the document LOAN AMOUNT is for 15,000 dollars. Joy
text: signs two of the dotted lines hesitantly. At the last line,
text: she stops. The bank manager senses her anxiety.
speaker_heading: BANK MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Alot of people use their homes as
dialog: collateral for loans. For
dialog: emergencies, you know, you need
dialog: some cash. It’s not like you’re
dialog: signing you’re house away. As long
dialog: as you make the payments, your
dialog: house stays yours.
text: Joy takes a very LONG BEAT. She looks at the loan document,
text: looks at her kids, looks at the BANK MANAGER. Then, Joy signs
text: on the last line.
scene_heading: INT. KINKO'S COPIES. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy and Ronnie manage their five kids while busy at work,
text: drawing, printing, gluing and copying.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What about...
dialog: (dramatically)
dialog: Mop-tastic?
text: Joy isn’t sure.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a play on words, do you hear
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah I hear it. I just don’t know.
dialog: (then) What about Mop N’Go. Mop.
dialog: N'go.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Go where? Where are you gonna go?
dialog: What does that mean? Here’s the
dialog: thing. I think Moptastic is
dialog: something that would stop me in my
dialog: tracks. It’s dramatic. It’s--it’s
scene_heading: MOP-TASTIC.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I like Moptastic, I just wanna
dialog: explore other options too, you
dialog: know, that’s our first idea. Is
dialog: there anything else?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What about Mop Thunder. It’s the
text: power behind it.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: The Wringer.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Mop Til You Drop.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: The Mopper.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I’m still leaning towards
dialog: Moptastic. I don’t see how you
dialog: couldn't.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: 1-2-3-Mop.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Mop...tastic. I keep coming back to
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I just want it to feel a little
dialog: more personal, you know. It’s--I
dialog: made it myself.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Yeah. It’s like you gave birth.
text: Except it was a mop.
text: A LIGHT-BULB goes off in Joy’s head. She looks at Ronnie.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What did I say?
scene_heading: INT. SAME. MOMENTS LATER.
text: A SINGLE SHEET OF PAPER comes out of the PRINTER. It reads--
text: THE ORIGINAL MIRACLE MOP! Underneath it reads “Keeps your
text: hands dry” “featuring self-wringing action.” “$19.95 Value.”
text: Joy and Ronnie share an approving look.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH HALL. JOB FAIR.
text: Joy talks to Father Benedetti.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. RUDY’S SHOP. DAY.
text: BOXES of MOP PARTS are opened and half-opened, everything is
text: in DISARRAY. Ronnie is on the phone at the desk.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Uh-huh. Okay.
text: Outside, there is a GUN-SHOT. Ronnie jumps.
text: In the garage area, Joy assembles mops at a very rapid pace.
text: Next to her are Viv and Dante, who chat leisurely as they
dialog: work VERY SLOWLY.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: So, where do you work?
speaker_heading: DANTE (TO VIV)
dialog: At Allstate Insurance. Twenty
dialog: years! Yep.
dialog: (proud)
dialog: And they've been trying to fire me
dialog: since day one.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: I don’t know. But I’m sticking it
dialog: out. They ain’t getting rid of me.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Guys. While you’re talking can you
dialog: please put some mops together?
text: Joy is worried. This is impossible. They are interrupted by
text: arguing outside. Joy rushes outside.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP. CONTINUOUS.
text: They find Ronnie arguing with the goombahs.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What’s goin on? I’m trying to have
dialog: a professional conversation and I
dialog: keep gettin’ interrupted by
text: gunfire.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Relax. It’s just a little target
dialog: practice.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What?! What do you need target
dialog: practice for? What is this, the
dialog: wild west??! Shootin’ at tin cans??
dialog: Jesus--—
text: Viv and Dante come out to see what’s going on.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Ronnie, get inside!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Don’t tell me to get inside. You
dialog: get inside!
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Why don’t you both get inside!
text: It’s chaos. Joy tries to quiet them but just adds to it.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hey! Hey everybody take it easy!
dialog: Guys! Guys!
text: Everyone is yelling. Just then, a BUS pulls in at the end of
text: the shop’s driveway, catching everyone’s attention. They all
text: turn and look toward the bus. It gets quiet.
text: The door opens. A LITTLE DOMINICAN WOMAN walks off of the
text: bus. Then another. Then a man. They are like the people Joy
dialog: saw at the job fair, but many more. Men, women, older ones.
text: Joy, Ronnie and the men watch as the whole bus unloads. The
text: last person to get off is Father Benedetti. He walks up to
dialog: Joy.
scene_heading: FATHER BENEDETTI
dialog: They don’t speak English but
dialog: they're legal and they need jobs.
text: Joy's jaw drops. Ronnie is in shock.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
text: He appeared like Moses.
scene_heading: INT. AUTOBODY SHOP. CONTINUOUS.
text: Rudy has people filling out paperwork/W-2 forms.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What if we made an assembly line?
dialog: Like in the sweat shops?
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: We’re going to need food.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (smiling, to workers)
dialog: Wow. Okay. Let me think of the best
dialog: way to do this. Umm...Why don’t you
dialog: guys come over here. And you two,
dialog: over here.
dialog: (to a woman)
dialog: Hi! I love your scarf.
text: The woman does not understand. Joy escorts her to a table and
dialog: we begin the--
dialog: 7,000 MOPS MONTAGE! :
text: -Joy demonstrates to employees how to put together the mop.
dialog: -Joy as part of the assembly line.
text: -Joy at Eastern Airlines, listening to a supervisor’s
text: lecture, nodding her head, trying to be present.
text: -Joy rushes into the autobody shop in her Eastern Airlines
text: uniform, with ALL THREE KIDS, carrying a bunch of PIZZAS.
text: The employees smile.
text: -Joy and kids in assembly line (kids helping in a fun way).
text: -Joy rushes into the diner late, rubbing bleeding callous on
text: her hands.
text: -Different CROSS-FADES of Joy getting in and out of her car,
text: with and without kids, in different uniforms, always with
text: hands full, and with her head hitting the pillow exhausted,
text: in different work uniforms.
text: -Joy takies her temperature and coughing.
text: -Joy enters auto shop in her Eastern Airlines uniform, sick,
text: and carrying three HUGE 6 foot SUB-SANDWICHES in with her
text: kids in tow. Ronnie concerned.
text: -Joy works on mops alone in the empty shop as clock reads
text: 12:00 pm. Falling asleep on the table.
text: -Joy works at the busy diner.
text: -Joy listens to angry customer at Eastern Airlines.
text: -Joy nervously puts a BIG stack of bills aside.
text: -Joy and Ronnie open a box, revealing a HUGE CAKE that says
text: “7000 MOPS!” Everybody cheers!!
text: -The clock reads 12:00 am as Joy and Ronnie and the workers
text: help finish loading 7,000 mops into the HSN truck.
dialog: 63.
text: -Joy and Ronnie stand and watch as the TRUCK DRIVES OFF DOWN
text: THE DRIVEWAY.
text: -Joy loads sleeping kids into car at Toots’s. She’s
text: exhausted.
text: -Joy'’s head hits the pillow.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S HOUSE.
text: Joy takes a lasagna out of the oven while Toots watches her.
text: Ronnie and Dante enter with their kids.
speaker_heading: DANTE RONNIE
dialog: Hey! Who’s hungry?
text: Ronnie puts a dish of food on the counter.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi! Guys, the kids are outside.
text: Kids run out into the yard.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What can I do?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Can you check the bread? Just crack
dialog: the oven.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: So, big day for the mops today,
dialog: huh? What time do they put the
dialog: segment up?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Don’t make her nervous! Go watch a
dialog: ball-game.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Good seeing you Joy.
text: RUDY enters with his girlfriend, Viv. Viv is wearing a HUGE
text: FUR COAT. It’s awkward.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Hello! We have arrived.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Hey Rudy./Viv.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Uh, Viv, can I take your coat?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Be careful with it. It’s real mink.
dialog: 64.
text: Joy takes Viv’s coat. Underneath, she’s wearing a shirt with
text: HUGE puffy sleeves. There is a piece of crumpled paper
text: stuffing that peaks out from under one of the sleeves. As Viv
text: quickly tucks it back in, it makes a crinkling sound. Then--
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT’D)
dialog: (re:Viv)
dialog: This one. She only wears the best.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ahhhh!! Okay, deep breath, deep
dialog: breaths.
text: Rudy has to pass by Toots to get to Joy.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Toots.
text: Toots turns her head away dramatically and doesn’t say
text: anything. Ronnie breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Why don’t you all go out into the
dialog: living room and give us some room,
dialog: here. Too many cooks.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: (being dramatic)
dialog: Joy. I’m gonna go upstairs.
text: Joy rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom. You're gonna hang out upstairs
dialog: by yourself?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: That’s okay. Toots go ahead. I’1l
dialog: come get you when it starts.
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S LIVING ROOM. A LITTLE LATER.
text: The TV is on HSN. Two hosts stand behind a table with
text: decorative bowls on it, in the middle of a sales pitch.
text: They are ALL, kids included, gathered around the television,
text: talking excitedly. Joy is laughing but extremely nervous.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Wait a second these guys sold
dialog: 36,000 potpourri holders!? Get the
dialog: hell out of here-
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Dante, with the chatter! Stop your
text: lips from moving.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Why you bustin’ my chops?
dialog: 65.
text: The TV cuts to a MALE HOST standing on a SET that is built to
text: look like a GARAGE. He’s holding JOY’S MOP.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Quiet everybody. This is us!
text: Joy holds Christie close.
speaker_heading: MALE HOST
dialog: Hi. I’m Mike Gable and this is our
dialog: special Deal of the Day.
speaker_heading: JOY/RONNIE
dialog: Ahhh! / SHHHHHH!
speaker_heading: MALE HOST
dialog: And fellas, this one is for us.
text: Joy looks confused.
speaker_heading: MALE HOST (CONT'D)
dialog: How many times have you been in the
dialog: garage, you know, up to your elbows
dialog: in the grease and grime. You’re
text: changing the oil, building a deck,
dialog: doing household projects, and all
dialog: of sudden things get real messy.
dialog: You've got anti-freeze, mud, or
text: some sort of dirty fluid all over
dialog: the garage. Now what!?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What the hell is this guy talking
dialog: about??
speaker_heading: MALE HOST
dialog: You need to mop. And I hate
dialog: mopping. Everybody hates mopping.
dialog: Mopping is boring, am I right?
dialog: Well here’s the thing: if you HAVE
dialog: TO mop, this is your guy right
dialog: here. The Miracle Mop.
text: The HOST puts the mop in a bucket of DIRTY WATER, making the
text: mop dirty and then applies the dirty water to the floor. He
text: starts to get flustered.
speaker_heading: MALE HOST (CONT'D)
dialog: All you do is push, sorry, you pull
dialog: this part here and you twist it....
text: The HOST has no idea how to use the mop. He vamps.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: MALE HOST (CONT'D)
dialog: Then see how this part wrings the
dialog: water out.. Okay, now the thing
dialog: about this thing is that this part
text: comes on and off.
text: He searches for the switch near the mop head.
speaker_heading: MALE HOST (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s a lever under here that you
dialog: just pull and this mop head pops
text: right off. Or is it a button.
dialog: Something’s tangled. I know this is
dialog: supposed to be a button, does this
dialog: eject? Haha. Oh! Here we go.
text: He’s lost.
speaker_heading: MALE HOST (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at the way this works in the
dialog: water. A real miracle. Folks,
dialog: we've only got a few of these left
dialog: and a couple more minutes...
text: The screen reads 12 sold.
text: The room is quiet. No one knows what to say. Joy is stunned.
text: After a beat she gets up abruptly and TURNS OFF the TV.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Joy--
text: Before Ronnie can say anything, Joy is ON HER WAY into the
text: kitchen and dialing the phone. Everybody just watches her.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi. Valerie please. This is Joy
dialog: Mangano. Ok will you please tell
dialog: her to call me as soon as she gets
dialog: a chance? It’s urgent.
text: JOY'S KITCHEN. A LITTLE LATER.
text: Ronnie stands with Joy.
text: . . JOY .
dialog: Hi, its Joy Mangano again.
scene_heading: JOY'S KITCHEN. LATER.
text: People are cleaning up, gathering their stuff.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m sorry. I just hadn’t heard from
dialog: her yet.
scene_heading: JOY'S HOUSE. LATER.
text: Everybody files out, leaving.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Not good. Not good.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Joy. You tried. It was the best you
dialog: could do. The Martorella women are
dialog: cursed. It’s in our blood.
text: Joy is somewhere else.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What the hell was that?? Joy. You
dialog: okay?
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S KITCHEN. MORNING.
text: Joy on phone again. Kids in background.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay I will hold until she’s ready.
dialog: I can wait as long as it takes.
dialog: 67.
text: She is surprised when Valerie promptly comes on the line.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Mrs. Mangano.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Valerie. What happened?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Sometimes items we put up just
dialog: don’t hit with the viewers.
dialog: Unfortunately your mop was one of
dialog: those cases. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: But the mop was marketed completely
dialog: wrong. It was sold as a shop mop.
dialog: Everything was wrong.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: I’m sorry, Joy. We’ll send the load
dialog: back to you. You can expect it by
dialog: end of next week at the latest.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Wait! Wait. Don’t send any loads
dialog: back yet. Cause I need to show you
dialog: how to do it. If you give it
dialog: another shot, the right way, people
dialog: will buy it.
scene_heading: INT. HSN.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: It’s not my decision. The sales
dialog: determine the fate of the product
dialog: and this product, as you could see,
dialog: did not perform well.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: But it’s because of the demo. The
dialog: demo was done wrong.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: I'm sorry. Like I said I don’t make
dialog: these decisions.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Who's decision was it then?
scene_heading: RECEPTION AREA.
text: A RECEPTIONIST sits at the front. (WHERE IS HSN and how does
text: Joy get there?) Joy enters holding her mop and bucket. She
text: speaks very politely.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Doug Briggs.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m here to see Doug Briggs. My
dialog: name is Joy Mangano.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (looking at appointment
dialog: list, confused)
dialog: Do you...have an appointment?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No. I just need to speak with him
dialog: briefly.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Oh. Well. Mr. Briggs is ina
dialog: meeting right now.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Perfect. Where is he at?
text: The receptionist is surprised. Joy is not being deterred.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Ma’ am--
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You know what? I’1l just find him.
text: Joy smiles, breezes past the receptionist and down the hall.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Ma’ am--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m not dangerous. I’1ll just be a
dialog: minute. Not gonna hurt anyone.
text: The receptionist pushes a button on her switchboard.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Mark. Mark?
text: The receptionist doesn’t know what to do. Joy goes down the
text: first hallway and starts looking at the different doors with
text: the people’s names and their titles. A few employees walk
text: right by her. They’re too busy to notice her. She doesn’t see
text: Doug’s name. As she turns around changing directions, she
text: bumps into the JANITOR, an older man.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh! I’m so sorry. Excuse me.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Haha! You are going fast.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I am. I’m sorry. I’m looking for
dialog: Doug Briggs. I’m supposed to have a
dialog: meeting with him right now. Do you
dialog: know where he is?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: He’s in 2B. You gotta take the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HSN HALLWAY.
text: Joy finds 2B. She knocks.
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM INSIDE
dialog: Yeah it’s open.
text: Joy enters the room without hesitation. There’s a LONG TABLE,
text: 15 men. A BOARD MEETING. Joy is caught off guard. One of the
text: men, WALT, speaks up.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Can I help you?
dialog: 70.
text: She quickly recovers, shuts the door behind her and addresses
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yes. I’m here to see Doug Briggs.
text: All of the men look over to ONE OF THE MEN. It’s clearly DOUG
text: BRIGGS. He addresses Joy.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: And who are you?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m Joy Mangano. You botched my
dialog: demo.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: I what?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You botched my demo.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Does anyone know what this woman's
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Last night, Joy’s mop sold twelve
text: units in the H.I. slot.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Oh. Miss Mangano, I see this all
dialog: the time. You have a brand new
dialog: product, and you think everyone is
dialog: gonna buy it. Sometimes reality
dialog: doesn’t match our dreams.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Let me ask you a question. Would
dialog: you use a toaster to open a can?
dialog: Would you use a fork to paint a
dialog: wall? No you wouldn't. That joker
dialog: you had out there last night was
dialog: trying to sell my household mop as
dialog: a garage tool to men. People aren’t
dialog: gonna buy something if they don’t
dialog: know what it’s for.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: We did the demo the way we saw fit.
text: Another man leans to the guy next to him.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: It’s always the demo, huh? Never
dialog: the product.
dialog: 71.
text: Joy barrels forward.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: There’s nothing wrong with this
dialog: product. This product--my FIVE year
dialog: old could use it. That’s the whole
dialog: reason I made it. This mop is
speaker_heading: SIMPLE.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Okay Joy well thanks a lot for
dialog: that, we are gonna get back to work-
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (to Doug)
dialog: Do you pee standing up?
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Do you pee standing up?
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Uhh...Yes.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Have you ever mopped around the
dialog: toilet?
dialog: (turns to the table)
dialog: When was the last time any of you
dialog: mopped your bathroom floor?
dialog: (nothing)
dialog: Well, let me tell you how it works.
text: The floor is covered in urine. It
text: collects in a big halo around the
dialog: toilet. And there’s other stuff on
dialog: the floor too. Its disgusting. So
dialog: your wife mops it up. She dunks her
text: mop in the urine-water, takes the
text: same mop into the kitchen and mops
dialog: that floor, where your babies crawl
text: on their hands and knees and drop
dialog: their pacifier, and then they stick
text: that pacifier back in their mouths.
dialog: While this is happening, your wife
text: is trying to wring the thing out,
text: chapping her hands, breaking her
text: back and eventually getting down on
text: her hands and knees to finish the
dialog: job that the mop can’t do. She
dialog: spends most of her day this way,
text: getting up and down on and off of
dialog: the floor. And then you come home,
dialog: after your busy day at the office,
dialog: and your long commute home, and you
dialog: wonder why you don’t get laid.
dialog: 72.
text: The men are all quiet.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Alright. Well, thank you Miss
dialog: Mangano, we're right in the middle
dialog: of--
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Hang on.
dialog: (thinks )
dialog: Jerry do we have time on Wednesday
dialog: for Joy?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don’t know. It depends on what we
dialog: decide to do with the grout demo.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Grout? How many times a year do you
dialog: use grout?
text: Doug shoots her a look.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: If we keep grout on Wednesday
dialog: there’s a Thursday promo slot.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: What about today?
text: Joy lights up.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Today the only flexibility we have
dialog: is cosmetics. Right before the Rugs
dialog: and Lighting Extravaganza.
text: Doug thinks. He looks at Joy.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Ok Miss Mangano. You think you can
dialog: run my network? You’re going on the
text: air in 20 minutes.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: You. I did it my way. Now it’s your
dialog: turn. That way we won’t have to
dialog: have this meeting again.
text: On Joy’s horrified look.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. RONNIE’S HOUSE.
text: Joy and Ronnie’s kids play in the background. We intercut
text: with Ronnie and Joy, who is on a business phone in the GREEN
speaker_heading: ROOM at HSN.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Fifteen minutes??
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m in some room, there are people,
dialog: I don’t know what is happening.
dialog: Something came over me Ronnie, I
dialog: couldn’t stop myself.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Okay. We’re going to Vito’s soccer
dialog: party and I’1l turn it on at the
dialog: restaurant. You alright?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah. No. I don’t know.
text: Joy hangs up. She’s facing a MIRROR. A friendly man, GEORGE,
text: does her make-up. He chats away happily to her, but all she
text: hears is the CONVERSATION of the WOMEN BEHIND HER.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: Do we have wardrobe for her?
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: No I just found out two seconds
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: Let me see if I have something.
text: A man walks up.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I gotta take her George. Joy. We're
dialog: gonna have you walk now.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What? Well that’s gonna have to do.
text: George takes her smock off. Joy follows the walk across the
text: room, passing other HOSTS--BEAUTIFUL, perfectly groomed
text: models, who sit on their break, chatting. Joy takes it in.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: MODEL #1
dialog: Good luck! /Break a leg/ Who is
dialog: that?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY. CONTINUOUS.
text: They walk down the long hallway. The man with her talks into
text: his headset.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Copy. I’ve got Joy. We’re heading
text: to set. About thirty seconds.
text: People move and run around her very quickly. Joy is
text: intimidated by the fast-paced atmosphere. A WARDROBE PERSON
text: cwalks up. Another WOMAN WITH PAPERS runs up to her.
scene_heading: WOMAN WITH PAPERS
dialog: Joy we're gonna need you to sign
dialog: this release.
speaker_heading: WARDROBE
dialog: I’ve got pants for her.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: She doesn’t have time.
scene_heading: INT. SET. CONTINUOUS.
text: They come around a corner onto a huge soundstage. The set is
text: made up to look like a country kitchen. There is a lot of
text: action around her. People are darting past, hurried and
dialog: hectic.
scene_heading: SEGMENT PRODUCER
dialog: Oh! Great. Okay. I’m gonna need you
dialog: to stand right here.
text: A HAIR PERSON comes up and sprays a bunch of aerosol
text: hairspray. Joy breathes a bunch of it in.
speaker_heading: SEGMENT PRODUCER (CONT'D)
dialog: Joy this is your mark. Okay. Don’t
dialog: go outside the blue tape, but don’t
text: look down at the blue tape. Just
dialog: know that you can’t go outside of
dialog: it.
text: A SOUND GUY walks up and puts a mic cable up her skirt. Her
text: eyes go big. The sound guy signals to her blouse.
speaker_heading: SOUND GUY
dialog: Your blouse. Can you grab it?
dialog: 75.
text: She reaches in and finds the mic, clumsily pulls it out. As
text: she gets mic’d, two p.a’s Are talking.
dialog: P.A.
dialog: Do we have a mop? Where’s the mop?
speaker_heading: P.A. #2
dialog: What?
dialog: P.A.
dialog: The thing she’s selling.
text: A SEGMENT PRODUCER walks up with another HOST and hands Joy
dialog: the MOP.
scene_heading: SEGMENT PRODUCER
dialog: Here, ya go, honey. This is
dialog: Chrystal. She’s gonna host with you
dialog: today. She’s basically just here
dialog: to cue you and you go ahead and
text: let’her rip.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ok.
text: Joy looks up at Chrystal--a TALL, LONG-LEGGED, FLAWLESS
text: LOOKING BLONDE. Joy has never seen a woman like this up
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Hi! Well, are you ready?
text: Joy smooths her pants. She nods unsure. As Chrystal gets
text: mic’d, Joy mumbles to herself.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Fuck. Fucking...Doug Briggs.
text: She hears a voice in her earpiece.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (0.S. IN EARPIECE)
dialog: Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. CONTINUOUS.
text: Doug sits in front of a huge MONITOR that shows what home
text: audiences are seeing. As they prep Joy, the monitor shows two
text: women on another soundstage selling designer eyewear.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: It’s Doug. You ready?
scene_heading: INT. HSN.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What? Yes.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Did you hear me say fucking Doug
dialog: Briggs?
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: We all did. Joy, 15 seconds.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: CONTINUOUS .
text: Joy stands ALONE in the dark.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: We're going in 10, 9, 8--
text: All of a sudden, it goes DEAD QUIET. The BRIGHT STUDIO LIGHTS
text: COME ON. Joy squints but can make out the hand of the camera
text: man signaling them to go.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Well good evening here on HSN I’m
dialog: your host Chrystal Gaines and we
dialog: are gonna end this Thursday with
dialog: our incredible Deal of the Day. If
dialog: you've ever been frustrated with
dialog: mopping, I can absolutely relate,
dialog: and boy do we have the perfect
dialog: product for you. It is called the
dialog: Miracle Mop--It'’s the first ever
dialog: self-wringing mop. So easy to use.
dialog: And here to tell us more about it,
dialog: the woman who created it, Joy
dialog: Mangano. Joy, I can’t wait to hear
dialog: about this mop. How does it work?
text: Joy is completely frozen. WE NOW ECHO THE VERY FIRST SHOT OF
text: THE MOVIE WHERE WE CAME IN ON JOY.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (V.O. IN EARPIECE)
dialog: Okay Joy that’s you.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (V.O. IN EARPIECE)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: (through earpiece)
dialog: Joy, go ahead. Joy.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM.
text: Doug checks the monitor. On the bottom, there is a RED LINE
text: that indicates the VOLUME OF CALLS coming in for the eyewear.
text: In BLACK LETTERS on the screen it reads the NUMBER SOLD. And
text: on a smaller monitor that reads NUMBER OF CALLERS WAITING.
text: The RED LINE on Doug’s monitor is DIVING. Joy is paralyzed.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: (through earpiece)
dialog: We gotta get her outta there.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PLACE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy and Chrystal on the TV, as Ronnie, Dante and all of their
text: kids watch Joy and Chrystal on the tv, on pins and needles.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Uh-oh. Oh no.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: She's got the stage fright. That’s
text: it. It’s over.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Dante! Come on, Joy.
scene_heading: INT. HSN. CONTINUOUS.
text: Chrystal, not sure what’s wrong with Joy, keeps talking like
dialog: a pro.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Like so many of us, you must have
dialog: been so tired of getting your hands
text: down in that dirty water, chapping
dialog: your hands and breaking your back
dialog: to wring it out. Am I right?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah. That's right. That’s...what
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Unbelievable! And now, I’m told you
dialog: designed this mop yourself. And you
dialog: assembled this. This is not some
dialog: factory-made item, this is a hand-
text: loomed, hand-made mop.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah, I-I made...the mop.
text: Joy looks like her head’s going to explode.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PLACE. CONTINUOUS.
text: They watch as Chrystal covers for Joy.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL (ON TV)
dialog: Next time you’re looking 35 to 40
dialog: dollars for this mop. I’m so
dialog: excited to be a part of this. This
dialog: is so exciting. Isn't it, Joy?
text: Joy nods, frozen in fear.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Oh my God.
text: Ronnie grabs a NAPKIN, looks at the tv, and scribbles
text: something on the napkin. She runs to the pizza cook.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Richie let me use the phone. I need
dialog: the phone!
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: I’m takin’ an order. Come on, I
dialog: already let you use the tv!
text: He turns his back on her.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Aww, come on!
text: Ronnie thinks fast, swipes her purse off the counter and goes
text: flying out the door.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Where you goin?!
scene_heading: EXT. PIZZA PLACE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Ronnie runs outside in the POURING RAIN, searches
text: frantically. She sees something and RUNS ACROSS the street in
text: the rain, reaching into her purse.
scene_heading: INT. HSN.
text: Joy is now demo’ing the mop.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Um, you just
dialog: the handle up
dialog: and then you pull
dialog: 
text: Joy turns her back to the camera. Not a flattering angle.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (V.O. IN EARPIECE)
text: Joy turn around.
dialog: 79.
text: Joy turns around.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Excuse me. And then you pull the
dialog: handle right here, and you twist,
dialog: and that way you don’t have to bend
dialog: down and do it. And then, um, you--
dialog: you pull and you twist, scuse me.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (V.O. IN EARPIECE)
dialog: Stop saying excuse me.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (V.O. IN EARPIECE)
dialog: Don’t talk to me, do the mop.
speaker_heading: P.A. (0.S.)
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: Get in the blue tape!
text: Joy realizes she’s out of the blue tape, steps back. She is
text: completely disoriented.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: So, it basically....... wrings?
text: Joy looks like she’s given up/burst into tears.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Exactly! No more water all over
dialog: the floor. You fall and you slip a
dialog: disc--this is happening to people
dialog: every day all over the country.
dialog: (then, very relieved)
dialog: It looks like we have a caller. We
text: are talking to Lynette in Queens.
dialog: Hi Lynette! How are you tonight?
speaker_heading: LYNETTE
dialog: Hi Chrystal! I love this mop!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. CONTINUOUS.
text: It’s Ronnie. She’s standing in the pouring rain at a PAYPHONE
text: across the street from the pizza place. We INTERCUT between
text: Ronnie on the payphone and Joy and Chrystal at HSN.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I just bought one. Listen, I have a
dialog: story for Joy I just had to share.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: We'd love to hear!
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Well, my son is very mischievous.
dialog: He loves flushing things down the
dialog: toilet.
text: Joy looks up.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: You're kidding.
text: Joy clues in a little, curious.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: So the other day, I hear the toilet
dialog: flush and I wake up and my radar
dialog: goes off, so I think--oh no, what
dialog: has he put down there now? So I
text: step out of my bed and my feet sink
dialog: into four inches of water and
dialog: literally flooded my entire
dialog: upstairs. I spend the whole day
dialog: cleaning and my husband gets in
dialog: there and pulls out my favorite
text: pair of HOT PINK STRETCH pants.
text: Joy, KNOWING this is Ronnie, nods. She’s instantly calm and
dialog: relaxed.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You're kidding. How did he get a
dialog: pair of pants in there?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I don’t know, you know how boys
dialog: are.
text: Ronnie is getting SOAKED, but continues to play with Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: How old is your son?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: He's FIVE.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (humoring Ronnie, playful)
dialog: I have a five year old too and let
dialog: me tell you, the things they get
dialog: into.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. CONTINUOUS.
text: The NUMBER SOLD starts climbing. 5...
speaker_heading: CONTROLLER
dialog: Here we go.
dialog: 81.
text: Doug looks at the screen and the RED LINE starts to RISE.
scene_heading: INT. HSN STUDIO.
text: Joy is starting to have fun.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Anyway after sopping up basically
dialog: water from the toilet all day, I
dialog: got so excited about this WASHABLE
scene_heading: MOP-HEAD.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Right. Lynette, you know what’s
dialog: great about the mop-head?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I'm dying to know.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: We give you two of them. So while
dialog: you're washing the one you just
dialog: dirtied, you always have a back-up
dialog: one to switch it out with.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I love that! That’s why I am gonna
dialog: buy one for each of my sisters.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Oh, you have sisters.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I have four sisters...
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. CONTINUOUS.
speaker_heading: CONTROLLER
dialog: Look at this.
text: Doug looks at the monitor. 500 callers waiting. 325 sold.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO. CONTINUOUS.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Well, thank you, Lynette. And we
dialog: actually have some callers waiting
dialog: now, sO we’re gonna have to let
dialog: somebody else in.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Yes, thank you and I LOVE THIS MOP!
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Thank you, Lynette!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. CONTINUOUS.
text: Ronnie hangs up, hopeful. She looks around, soaking wet. She
text: heads back across the street.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. CONTINUOUS.
text: Doug cannot believe his eyes. The line climbs dramatically
text: up. The screen reads 600 sold.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy talks with another customer.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER (V.O)
dialog: My mother is always so critical of
dialog: my house.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, tell me about it. Does yours
dialog: check the corners? Mine likes to
dialog: comment on how dirty the corners
text: are in my kitchen and then watches
dialog: HSN while I clean.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. CONTINUOUS.
text: Doug is amused. The numbers rapidly climb. 1700 SOLD. 900
text: callers on hold. 5 minutes left.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy is laughing.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Well technically cleaning is a form
dialog: of exercise, don’t be so hard on
dialog: yourself!
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. CONTINUOUS.
text: 3700 MOPS. 3 minutes to go. 1000 callers on the phone.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: It has made my life easier and I
dialog: believe whole-heartedly that it
dialog: will make yours easier too, Carol!
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM. CONTINUOUS.
dialog: 6200 mops. 1 minute to go.
text: Doug and the others watch as the numbers climb to 7000 mops!
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PLACE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Ronnie walks in, breathing heavily and soaked. Dante looks at
text: her dumbfounded.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO. CONTINUOUS.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: And it looks like we’ve run out of
dialog: mops. But don’t let stop you from
dialog: calling. You can put one on back-
dialog: order and we'll have it to you
dialog: A.S.A.P. Don’t’ hang up that phone.
dialog: Joy, thank you. It has been an
dialog: honor to be a part of your HSN
dialog: debut.
text: Joy is so relieved, now very much herself.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Thank you. I’m so glad we got
dialog: through that first part, I was so
text: nervous, I almost peed my pants.
text: Chrystal looks at Joy.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Haha alright. Well we’re gonna go
text: to Shannon, who’s standing by with
dialog: a grout shield that’s gonna blow
dialog: your mind.
text: The segment producer signals to Chrystal and Joy that they’re
text: done. A sigh of relief is heard throughout the room.
text: Chrystal looks at Joy as she takes her mic off.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL (CONT’D)
dialog: Great job, Joy. Way to pull it out.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Thank you.
text: Chrystal smiles and heads out. The PA comes to help Joy take
text: off her mic. Joy’s hands shake. She is in shock. Doug
text: approaches.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Well. I think at this point me
dialog: telling you that you were right is
text: a little anti-climactic.
text: Joy smiles.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (CONT’D)
dialog: People really connected with you
dialog: out there. You okay? You seem a
dialog: little out of it.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah I--I’m happy that I’m gonna
dialog: keep my house.
scene_heading: INT. RONNIE’S HOUSE. NEXT DAY.
text: Ronnie, Dante, their kids and Joy’s kids are finishing
text: dinner. Everybody cheers. The kids run to her.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Yay! !/Mommy !
text: Joy is happy. She looks at Ronnie.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi, Lynette.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: I panicked.
scene_heading: EXT. MAILBOX. JOY’S HOUSE.
text: Joy opens the mailbox, sifts through a stack of bills. She
text: opens an envelope. She pulls out a NOTE: “Congratulations.
dialog: Sincerely, ‘Fucking Doug Briggs’.”
text: Behind the note is a CHECK. Joy’s face lights up.
scene_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE--
text: -The mailbox opens again. A hand puts a STACK of BILLS in it
text: and puts the flag up. Pull back on Joy, very satisfied.
text: -At HSN, Joy in business meeting with Doug. He trains her.
text: -Joy throws away her Eastern airlines uniform.
text: -Joy runs water in the bathtub. It’s fixed! Kids jump in.
text: -Joy, with Jackie in her arms, pulls a garage door to reveal
text: a WAREHOUSE SPACE. Ronnie stands with her. Ronnie walks in.
text: They both smile. The kids run into the warehouse, excited.
dialog: 85.
dialog: -HSN. Joy, now slightly more confident than the first time we
text: saw her, stands with Chrystal. Chrystal throws it to Joy.
text: This time, Joy does not hesitate.
text: -Mets game. Joy, with kids, cheering on a home run.
text: -HSN. Joy in the middle of a segment with a caller. She’s in
dialog: the groove.
text: -HSN. GREEN ROOM. Joy walks out of HSN with the MODEL HOSTS,
text: all putting their coats on. She looks as polished as them.
text: -JOY'S WAREHOUSE. The beginnings of a business. The
text: warehouse, although nothing glamorous, bustles with
text: activity. There is a small assembly line. The same Dominican
dialog: people who helped assemble mops before now they wear light
text: blue polo shirts like the ones Ronnie and Joy wore at KMART.
text: There is shipping area where boxes are brought in. Ronnie
text: sits at a desk on the phone, yelling at someone. Joy sits at
text: a desk with a little GRAPEVINE WREATH behind her on the wall.
text: She stands up, stretches, and looks around, happy.
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: Joy leads the kids BLIND-FOLDED out of the kitchen through
text: the sliding glass door to the backyard.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay. Take’em off.
text: The kids take their blindfolds off and their faces LIGHT UP.
text: REVEAL an ABOVE-GROUND SWIMMING POOL FULL OF WATER and ready
text: for use. Inside of it are inflatable POOL TOYS, and Joy has
text: set up MINI BEACH CHAIRS for them. It’s blue-collar fancy.
speaker_heading: KIDS
text: AHHHHHH!!!!!!/A POOL!!!!
scene_heading: EXT. JOY’S BACKYARD. LATER THAT AFTERNOON.
text: Joy and Ronnie’s kids play in the pool, having the time of
text: their lives. Joy has a table set up with balloons, etc. Rudy,
text: Viv, Ronnie, Dante, watch the kids swim. Toots is in Joy’s
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: I just gotta get out of that place.
dialog: It’s too small. It’s like living in
dialog: a mouse house, Joy. We gotta get me
text: out of there.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom, can we talk about this later?
dialog: I got a lot going on right now, I
dialog: can’t talk about it now.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: You can’t? Or you won’t? Cause
dialog: there’s a big difference.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: I see. I don’t ask for much. But
dialog: you have some success and there you
dialog: go and leave us all behind.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: Mommy, come in the pool!
text: A buzzer goes off inside the house.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, guys, I can’t! I gotta put the
dialog: chicken in.
text: Joy goes into the house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy enters and is met by TONY, who has rounded the corner. He
text: looks dapper, wearing summer clothes and holds a big birthday
dialog: gift.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hey.
text: Joy is in a good mood. He looks outside at the pool.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Where’s Michelle?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No. We’re not. Anymore.
dialog: (looks out to pool)
dialog: Wow. There it is, huh?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yep. They’ve been having so much
dialog: fun they're turning to prunes but I
dialog: don’t have the heart to take them
dialog: out.
dialog: 87.
text: Tony turns from the pool to look at Joy, intensely.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: How ya doin?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Good.
text: He studies her for a second, smiles that winning smile.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You look different.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I do?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. You look good.
text: Joy reacts. Tony back-peddles.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean not like you didn’t look
dialog: good before but--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: I’m serious. I’m trying to
dialog: compliment you.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Go play with your kids.
text: Tony walks past Joy. She shakes the moment off and watches as
text: he goes outside.
scene_heading: JACKIE AND BOBBY
dialog: Daddy!!!/Daddy are you gonna swim?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Are you kidding? That’s what I came
dialog: for. Hi Christie.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: (unenthusiastic)
dialog: Hi.
text: Tony takes off his shirt, down to his swim trunks, and
text: cannonballs into the pool, making a huge splash. This wins
text: Christie over and kids all erupt with laughter.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Daddy!/Hi Daddy/Daddy watch me!
dialog: 88.
text: Joy watches them from the kitchen. Looks like old times.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Joy and Ronnie bring food out. Tony is in the water with the
text: kids still. Tony has one of those big WATER GUNS that shoots
text: a HUGE stream of water.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Wait, was it you? Or you? Or...all
dialog: of you!
text: Tony squirts them all and they scream with excitement.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a minute. You know who I think
dialog: needs to get wet?
text: He looks over at Toots.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Tony, no!!
text: Tony squirts a tiny squirt in Toots’ direction, teasing her.
speaker_heading: TOOTS (CONT'D)
dialog: Tony! !
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: I can never be mad at you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It’s such a shame.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Get me again daddy!/Squirt me!!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know what I think? I think
dialog: maybe we need to get your mom into
text: her bikini, get her into the pool.
text: Joy's head whips around.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Nobody wants that, thank you.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That's what you think.
dialog: Joy looks at Tony like WTF??
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Don’t hold your breath, Tony.
text: Tony squirts Ronnie.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Tony, I swear to God, don’t you
dialog: dare.
text: Tony turns to Joy, squirts a little squirt in her direction.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Don’t.
dialog: Again.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop it.
text: Tony starts squirting Joy a little by little and she’s
text: running from it. He fills up the gun. He stares at her,
dialog: threatening.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t squirt me.
text: Tony UNLOADS. Joy screams, ducks, and the stream from Tony’s
text: gun NAILS VIV in the back of the head, who happens to be
text: behind Joy and looking the other way. It BLOWS a HAIRPIECE
text: off of the top of her head, revealing a bald spot.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: Whoop!
text: Viv quickly fixes it. Everybody BUSTS out laughing. Joy is IN
speaker_heading: HYSTERICS.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Vivi!!! I’m sorry! Viv, I’m so
dialog: sorry, I didn’t know you were
text: behind me. Oh my god. Oh my God.
text: Viv laughs, good-naturedly.
scene_heading: EXT. JOY’S HOUSE. LATER.
text: They all walk out, happily. Joy notices a BRAND NEW, WHITE
text: CADILLAC CONVERTIBLE with a WHITE TOP is parked in front.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Wow. New car, huh?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Yeah. This thing is slick. I took
dialog: Viv to the Dinner Theater the other
dialog: night and the valet couldn’t stop
text: talking about it. He sees cars all
text: day. He parked it right up front.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: VIV
dialog: I told Rudy everyone should own a
dialog: convertible once in their life.
text: Joy and Tony share a look. They are connecting. Rudy and Viv
dialog: walk off.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Great dad.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Well, I better get going too. Come
dialog: here.
text: Tony squats down to hug the kids. They are tired.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Daddy, don’t go away.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I have to go. I gotta go sweetie.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: When are you gonna come back?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'll see you in two weeks. Okay?
dialog: Two weeks.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Why don’t you guys go brush your
dialog: teeth, it’s way past your bedtime.
text: They turn and go.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Thanks that was a fun time.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yeah, it was.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Boy, that pool. The kids went crazy
dialog: for it, huh?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Tony looks at her as if he’s going to say something. Joy
text: wants to say something but doesn’t.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Drive safe.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. HSN OFFICES. EVENING.
text: A PARTY. People eat pizza, drink out of plastic cups. A
dialog: banner reads “Congratulations Joy! Best New Product!” Joy
text: sits drinking out of a plastic cup. Doug finishes a speech.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: And I just want to say it’s been a
dialog: fantastic ride this last quarter,
dialog: thanks to Joy and her ...what’s the
dialog: name of that mop again?
text: People laugh. Joy looks at him “very funny.”
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (CONT’D)
dialog: Seriously. This thing has really
dialog: been picking up momentum. For
dialog: those of us who have worked closely
dialog: with Joy, there is no doubt that
dialog: we've only scratched the surface
dialog: with what this woman is capable of.
dialog: And so, it is my pleasure to
dialog: announce that as of next week, we
dialog: will be moving the mop to Prime
dialog: Time.
text: Joy's face lights up. Everybody claps for her.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Thank you!
text: People resume socializing. Joy takes in the scene. She feels
text: proud. Doug comes over.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: You know you get to take that
dialog: banner home with you. You got a
dialog: spot for that?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (playful, smiles)
dialog: No. I was thinking of you taking
dialog: it. So you remember how you almost
dialog: made a really, really big mistake.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: I’m still hearing about that, I
dialog: guess.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Sorry.
scene_heading: INT. SAME. A LITTLE LATER.
text: Less crowd noise, less people. Joy and Doug talk.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I don’t know, I’ve always kind of
dialog: done stuff like this. When I was a
dialog: kid this one summer I built a tree
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Oh yeah, so did I , me and my
dialog: brother. We had an observation
dialog: deck.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, yeah. Mine was seven stories.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah. It had a pulley system so you
dialog: could put something in a box and
dialog: move it from one level in and out
dialog: of the house.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Geez. Wow. How old were you?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I think I was 9.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Get out of here.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah then I worked at a vet when I
dialog: was fourteen, and these animals
dialog: used to come in from getting hit by
dialog: cars out on the highway, so I made
text: this glow in the dark dog collar.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah I actually sent it to Hartz,
dialog: and they never got back to me.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Wait, didn’t they--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah. They came out with the same
dialog: one like a year later. And then I
dialog: made this one-man-band thing, where
dialog: I duct-taped a bunch of instruments
dialog: together--
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Joy nods.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: (stopping herself)
dialog: I know, I’m weird.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Yeah, you’re a weirdo.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hey. All that stuff is what got me
dialog: into college.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: What school?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (regrets she said that)
dialog: Uh...Harvard.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Harvard!?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah. No, I didn’t go. I got in. I
dialog: was gonna go. But, my parents
dialog: divorced at that time, so I stayed
dialog: home. My Mom needed me there. She
dialog: was really distraught.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: So you stayed home from Harvard.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (CONT'D)
dialog: Harvard.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah you can stop rubbing it in
dialog: now.
text: Doug is flabbergasted.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Sorry it’s just--Wow. I could
dialog: never do that.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I didn’t really have a choice. It’s
dialog: okay. A year later I enrolled in
dialog: Pace University so I did go to
dialog: school eventually. College.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: No. I mean I could never ask my kid
dialog: to do that. I’d never forgive
dialog: myself.
text: Joy absorbs this.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS (CONT’D)
dialog: You know where we should send that
dialog: banner? Send it to Hartz. Those
dialog: bastards stole your idea.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S BASEMENT. LATER.
text: On Joy’s hand, hammering.
text: Turn around on her, looking around at her old work station.
text: The area is a mess. Among the clutter is remnants from the
text: wreaths. She starts to clean up. She steps back and admires
text: the BANNER from HSN, hung above her old work station.
scene_heading: INT. HSN. STAGE.
text: Joy and Chrystal are doing their thing.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: And that concludes our time with
dialog: Joy and her amazing Miracle Mop!
dialog: We have broken the sales record for
dialog: the segment at 40,000 mops! Folks
dialog: we have just witnessed HSN history.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (on top of the world!)
dialog: Unbelievable! Now if you haven’t
dialog: gotten through yet, don’t worry,
dialog: we're gonna keep the after hours
dialog: lines open and you all know how
dialog: that works. Just give us a call and
dialog: you can place your order. Thank you
dialog: so much! Good night!
scene_heading: INT. HSN. STAGE. HALLWAY.
text: Joy walks off stage. Doug approaches Joy, over the moon.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: Joy! Wow.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m sorry! I knew we were over-
dialog: selling, but I didn’t know what to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: DOUG BRIGGS
dialog: There is nothing to apologize about
dialog: here. You broke a record. Don’t
dialog: worry. But we had 10,000 ready in
dialog: the wings, so you’ve got two weeks
dialog: to get us the other 30,000.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No problem. We’1ll get on it.
text: Joy smiles, confidently. Doug smiles and walks off.
scene_heading: INT. RUDY’S AUTOBODY SHOP.
text: Joy sits across from Rudy at his desk.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Avalon wants to go up to six
dialog: dollars per mop.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: They feel that now that the
dialog: volume’s increased, they wanna up
dialog: their price.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: That doesn’t make sense. The cost
dialog: per mop should be less with a
dialog: bigger order.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: That’s not the way they’re doing
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What? They can’t. We can’t do that.
dialog: I can’t make a profit that way. I’m
dialog: out of business that way. I can’t
dialog: afford to sell them. At that price,
dialog: I lose money on every mop I sell.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Well, you’re gonna have to cut back
dialog: somewhere else.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Cut back? There’s nowhere to cut.
dialog: We need to talk to them.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I did. These guys are not gonna
dialog: budge on this. This is what it is.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Well they can’t do that. This isn’t
dialog: right.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: This is business. Believe me. I
dialog: know how this works. This is how
dialog: this works, Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Well then I wanna talk to them.
dialog: Where’s the contract?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Contract? There’s no contract.
text: Joy freezes.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Wait a minute. We don’t have a
dialog: contract with these people??
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I told ‘em what we needed. They
dialog: made it. Now they wanna change the
dialog: price.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: That’s why you need a contract.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Joy. I’ve worked with these guys a
dialog: long time. They run a good
dialog: business, but you know they got
dialog: expenses too.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What?! Their expenses? What about
dialog: us? What about our business? I have
dialog: two weeks to produce 30,000 mops.
dialog: They're putting this whole thing in
dialog: jeopardy. We have to take the molds
dialog: somewhere else. We’ll get bids.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Sweetheart. You’re talking to a 30
dialog: year entrepreneur on this. It’s not
dialog: that easy. And you don’t wanna get
text: caught up bickering over six bucks
dialog: when you got a big order hangin’
dialog: over your head. Let’s just get the
dialog: mops made. We’1ll worry about it on
dialog: the next order.
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM.
text: Joy sits with Ronnie. Kids play in background.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I can’t believe he wouldn’t get
dialog: anything in writing.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I don’t know. At this point maybe
dialog: we need to ask ourselves if he
dialog: really knows what he’s doing. I
dialog: mean, it’s his generation. For
dialog: cryin’ out loud, look at our
dialog: families. They used to trade carpet
dialog: cleaning for a salami at the deli
dialog: and then trade that for a set of
dialog: white walls. I don’t mean any
dialog: disrespect but, you’ve come this
dialog: far. And now you can’t move forward
dialog: because he...he blew it.
text: Joy thinks about this.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I just wanna talk to them.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: We have to try to figure this out
dialog: the best we can. And for now, we
dialog: should keep him out of the loop,
dialog: cause he’s not helping.
dialog: Joy knows this is true.
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S OFFICE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy is on the phone. A voice-mail.
dialog: Beep.
speaker_heading: VOICEMAIL
dialog: Avalon Industries.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi I’m looking for Evan Reynolds,
dialog: my name is Joy--
text: The machine hangs up on her.
text: She tries again. The same thing happens.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Joy hangs up, frustrated.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Same again. Again. Again.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE.
text: A modest but professional law office. Joy sits in front of a
text: lawyer. JOHN CALCAGNY. A HOT-SHOT in his 40s.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: You're doing the right thing. It’s
dialog: absolutely necessary to get
dialog: everything in writing. I’1ll draft
dialog: you up a contract with the terms of
dialog: the agreement, and date that you
dialog: need them delivered by. Once he
text: signs it, the deal is formalized.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Right. Okay.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: But you have to get that signature.
scene_heading: EXT. RONNIE’S HOUSE.
text: Ronnie opens the door to reveal Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m going to California.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: To Avalon?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Do they know you're comin?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What if they don’t budge on the
dialog: price?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I get my molds back and take’em
dialog: somewhere else.
text: Ronnie looks at Joy through the smoke of her Virginia Slim.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I want to meet Steve Garvey.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT.
text: Joy stands there with the kids and their sleeping bags.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You sure this is okay? I know it’s
dialog: not your weekend.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It’s no problem. Come on guys! Who
dialog: wants to play Atari?
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Yay! Daddy!
scene_heading: INT. LAX.
dialog: Plane lands. Welcome to Los Angeles!
scene_heading: INT. HAWTHORNE CALIFORNIA. INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX. DAY.
text: Joy and Ronnie drive a rental car. All of the buildings look
text: the same, offices with attached warehouses.
text: Ronnie pulls into a parking spot. Joy and Ronnie get out of
text: the car and enter through a door with the address number
text: above it.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy and Ronnie enter. Two YOUNG 30-ish men, in shorts and
text: sandals behind a COUNTER, look at paperwork. They are
text: drinking SHASTA. One, JACK, holds a CLIPBOARD. The other one
text: is Victor. Joy and Ronnie put on their best business
dialog: attitudes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yes, hi. I’m looking for Evan
dialog: Reynolds.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh, Evan’s not here.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh. When will he be back?
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: No way to know. He’s on vacation.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay. I need to get in touch with
dialog: him. My name is Joy Mangano and he
dialog: makes parts for my mops.
text: Victor EXITS as if to not even paying attention to her.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: You might know my father, Rudy.
dialog: He’s been handling the business end
dialog: of things up until now, but I have
dialog: some business with Evan that I need
dialog: to resolve immediately. Is there a
dialog: number where I can contact him?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, well, like I said, he’s on
dialog: vacation.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ok. Can we call him?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: He doesn’t have a phone where he
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ok. Do you have a manager that’s
dialog: here? Somebody in charge while he’s
dialog: gone?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Unfortunately. Evan’s the only one
dialog: in charge. Everyone else is just
dialog: workers.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (sigh)
dialog: So then no one can help me? To
dialog: retain the business I’m doing with
dialog: you? No one can talk to me about
dialog: this right now, and no one can be
dialog: reached by phone. There’s nothing
dialog: that can be done. Is that what I’m
dialog: getting?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Leave me your number and I’1l have
dialog: Evan call you at his earliest
dialog: convenience.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Which means never.
dialog: 101.
text: Joy looks at Ronnie, who nods.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell you what. I’m gonna have a
dialog: truck here in an hour. Please have
dialog: the molds for my mops ready to go.
dialog: I’m gonna have to take’em out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Yeah, we don’t have any molds here.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What do you mean you don’t have any
dialog: molds here? You don’t have my
dialog: molds?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Then why does everything that’s
dialog: shipped to my warehouse come from
dialog: this address?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Maybe it’s a misprint.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What? How could it be a misprint?
dialog: Ronnie where’s the shipping slip?
text: Ronnie exits.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you giving me the run-
dialog: around? This is Avalon Industries?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Evan Reynolds is the CEO of this
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Then you have my molds.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE. CONTINUOUS.
text: Ronnie, grabs a folder out of the car. She closes the door
text: and sees Victor standing in the street directing four other
text: guys, who are quickly wheeling 6 X 6 steel slabs into the
text: back of a truck. MOLDS!!!! Ronnie DUCKS behind her car.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Holy shit.
scene_heading: INT. AVALON OFFICE. CONTINUOUS.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don’t know what to tell you,
dialog: lady. I don’t have any molds here.
dialog: And you're starting to get on my
dialog: nerves.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. I would hate to get
dialog: on your nerves. I have been sending
dialog: royalties to a man named Evan
dialog: Reynolds, who has been available
dialog: enough to cash those checks, but
text: now, just as he is trying to jack
dialog: up the price on me, pulls a
dialog: disappearing act. Now you stand
dialog: here telling me this. I’11 tell
dialog: you what. I’m coming back in an
dialog: hour with a U-haul and somebody
dialog: better produce my molds. You think
dialog: I’m on your nerves right now? I
dialog: haven’t even started.
text: There is a pause.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Whoa, that sounds so scary.
text: Joy grabs ONE of the EMPTY SHASTA CANS down on the counter,
text: and SLAMS it down, crushing it.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I know you’re up to something. And
dialog: I will find out what it is.
text: She walks out, never breaking her stare from him. He stares
text: at her, totally unfazed. He laughs.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE.
text: Joy exits. She buckles, holding her hand.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ooh. Ow.
dialog: 103.
text: Ronnie is crouched behind the car as the truck is pulling
text: away. Joy looks at Ronnie confused.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
text: They put the molds in the back of
dialog: that truck.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What?
text: Joy sees the truck disappear down the street.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get in.
text: Joy and Ronnie jump in the car. Joy is in the DRIVERS SEAT.
text: Joy tears out of the parking lot, makes a right onto the
text: stret. She sees the TRUCK cruising about four small blocks up
text: stopping at a stop sign, then making a RIGHT. Joy
text: accelerates.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Steady, Joy.
text: When Joy hits the stop sign at the corner, she slowly breezes
text: around the corner without fully stopping.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Joy!
speaker_heading: JOY
text: No one’s around.
text: They are now on HAWTHORNE BLVD, a busy street.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Oh Lord. Lord be with us.
text: They see the truck up ahead in the far right lane.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: There he is. Get over!
text: Joy puts her blinker on to get to the right. The car on the
text: right won't let her in. Ronnie yells at the man, waves her
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: She's trying to get over!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Come on!
text: The car will not let her in. They won’t even make eye
dialog: contact.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you can see me. Really?
dialog: Thanks a lot.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: (to the other driver)
dialog: Oh that’s just rude!! Yeah I’m
dialog: talking to YOU. You’re a rude
dialog: person. I know you can see us. Out
dialog: of the side of your eye!
text: The truck now makes a RIGHT turn up ahead, passes a GAS
text: STATION. Ronnie calls out to Joy.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s turning!
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ahh, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go..
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Oh my god. This is not healthy.
text: JOY GETS CALM and LASER FOCUSED. She SEES THERE IS SPACE
text: AHEAD BETWEEN THE CAR IN FRONT OF HER AND THE CAR THAT
text: WOULDN'T LET HER IN. She accelerates and drives IN BETWEEN
text: the two cars in front of her, RIDING the DOTTED LINE, then
text: cutting IN FRONT OF a low-rider.
text: With more cars in front of her, Joy drives up into the gas
text: station driveway and breezes through the gas station, passing
text: several pumps.
text: A WOMAN comes out of the MINI-MART holding drinks. She sees
text: Joy coming and GASPS. Joy skillfully maneuvers her way around
text: the woman and comes out on the other side and makes her way
text: down onto the street, cutting the corner.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the woman)
dialog: Sorry! We’re in a chase here!
text: Joy and Ronnie spot the truck up ahead. Joy floors it to
text: catch up, but the light goes RED when they are about 100 ft
text: out. It’s a BUSY INTERSECTION. JOY thinks, then STEPS on the
text: gas, accelerating.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Joy, wait. Joy...Oh God. Lord
dialog: Jesus. Bless this car. Bless this
dialog: car!
text: Ronnie closes her eyes as Joy BLOWS the LIGHT. Cars from the
text: other direction slam on their breaks, stopping just short of
text: them as they fly through the INTERSECTION. It’s as if in slow
text: motion, the BRACE THEMSELVES, but they get through! Joy and
text: Ronnie look at each other.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: JOY/RONNIE
dialog: Ahhh/Thank you God!
text: Their faces turn to horror as they look forward. The truck
text: has stopped dead ahead in front of them.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Stop!it!h!!
speaker_heading: RONNIE/JOY
dialog: SHIT/WATCH OUT!
text: Joy's SLAMS the brakes. Too late. She SLAMS into the back
text: the TRUCK.
text: Victor jumps out.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Whoa! Whoa, are you guys okay?
dialog: What happened?
text: Joy and Ronnie get out of the car. Victor recognizes them.
text: hurriedly clambers to get back in the truck.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What the hell is going on here??
dialog: Uh, where are you taking my stuff?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You have my molds in the back of
dialog: truck.
text: A POLICE CAR CHIRPS as it PULLS UP. A POLICEMAN gets out.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Officer, thank God! These men have
dialog: stolen property in the back of that
dialog: truck. My property.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Officer. I don’t know who these
dialog: ladies are or what they want. I’m
dialog: just making a delivery. I come at
text: the corner, I slow down to turn and
dialog: they bang into me. I don’t know
dialog: what they’re talking about.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What?! You know me. Officer, if you
dialog: open up the back of this truck, you
dialog: will find 6 steel manufacturing
dialog: molds. I use them to make a mop
dialog: and they stole them.
dialog: of
dialog: He
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: A mop?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yes, a mop.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: It’s a top seller at HSN.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: My wife watches that.
dialog: (to Victor)
dialog: Open up the truck.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Listen she’s crazy.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Yeah you wanna go to jail? Open up
dialog: the truck.
text: Victor signals to his partner, who opens up the truck. In
text: the back are ALL OF JOY’S MOLDS. The cop looks at Joy.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (CONT'D)
dialog: How do I know these are yours? Do
dialog: you have any paperwork, any proof,
dialog: anything that proves it?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah, I don’t have a receipt but
dialog: they send me shipments every month.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Listen, unless you can present me
dialog: undeniable proof right now, I can’t
dialog: give you this property.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: This is crazy.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: I need to see your manifest and
dialog: your drivers license.
dialog: (to Joy)
dialog: And I need your drivers license as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What? You’re gonna give me a
dialog: ticket?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: You blew a red light. You’re lucky
dialog: I don’t do worse.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What about all my molds? My whole
dialog: life’s in there.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: You'll need to take that up with an
dialog: attorney.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Joy and Ronnie stand there while the cop writes Joy a ticket.
text: They watch as the truck PULLS AWAY with Joy’s stuff in it.
text: Joy is distraught.
scene_heading: INT. LAWYERS’ OFFICE.
text: Joy sits across from the lawyer, JOHN CALCAGNY.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: Pay the ticket. We have a bigger
dialog: situation on our hands. I looked
dialog: into Avalon Industries. I have a
dialog: buddy on the west coast and...this
dialog: is all confidential, but Avalon is
dialog: under federal investigation.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: They are? What for?
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: Racketeering, money laundering,
dialog: violation of the interstate
dialog: commerce Act. The whole thing is
dialog: under a bigger investigation into-
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (nodding her head, she knew this) I
dialog: knew it. So Evan Reynolds is a
dialog: crook.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: Evan Reynolds doesn’t exist.
text: Joy tilts her head.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay./Then who’s been cashing my
dialog: checks?
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: Avalon, anda couple other
dialog: companies on the west coast, are
dialog: shell corporations owned by Matty
dialog: Aianello. You know, he’s--
dialog: 108.
text: Joy's looks like she seen a ghost.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Matty the Horse.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: They take the proceeds from
dialog: bookmaking, loansharking, drugs,
dialog: and launder it--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I know what they do.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: So, that being said, Avalon is not
dialog: just the sole manufacturer on your
dialog: mop. I just found out they own the
dialog: patent for the mop.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: We own the patent. We filed the
dialog: paperwork.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: No, you don’t. Who hooked you up
dialog: with Avalon?
scene_heading: INT. RUDY’S AUTOBODY SHOP.
text: Rudy stands with some guys in the garage.
text: Joy’s car pulls up. She gets out, slams the car door, and
text: STORMS into the garage.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Hey, sweetheart. You alright?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Why did you do it?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Why did you do it?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I went to California. To Avalon. I
dialog: know what’s going on.
text: Rudy sobers up. The men get up and exit. Joy holds her stare.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: What is wrong with you?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Why did you go out there? I told
dialog: you we'd figure it out.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You gave my patent to the mob.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Wha-I,I--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: The business is gone. It’s gone
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: You're delusional. Nothing’s gone.
dialog: Why don’t you calm down. You don’t
dialog: know anything about what you think
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I don’t know anything? I know you
dialog: lied to me. I know you stole from
dialog: me. You sold me out. You gave it
text: all to the mob. Matty Aianello owns
dialog: my business. What am I missing? Is
dialog: there more?
text: Beat. He starts to explain.
dialog: Joy nods,
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I owed them money, okay? I thought
dialog: I could hand the patent over, then
dialog: buy it back once things got going.
dialog: “Of course.”
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: So you used me. You took everything
dialog: I worked for and gave it away, like
dialog: it was nothing.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I didn’t know it was gonna turn
dialog: into a big deal okay? It’s a mop. I
dialog: didn’t think it was gonna go this
dialog: far.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Great dad. Another vote of
dialog: confidence.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Hey. You needed help. I got you the
dialog: molds. If it wasn’t for me you
dialog: wouldn't have a business right now.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Without the patent, there IS no
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: The patent is just a piece of
dialog: paper, Joy. You don’t understand.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Stop telling me I don’t understand!
dialog: YOU don’t understand. You know so
dialog: much about how business works?
dialog: You're the big entrepreneur? Hows
dialog: that worked out for you, dad? Your
dialog: bus company went under. The weight
dialog: loss program lasted four months.
dialog: And the shop? I don’t even know how
dialog: you stay afloat.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Because of the relationships that
dialog: I’ve spent 30 years building.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You're nowhere because of them!
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: You know not everyone gets lucky
text: the first time out the gate. Not
dialog: everybody gets the breaks you've
dialog: had, Joy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: This has nothing to do with luck.
dialog: I worked hard, dad. And I hoped
dialog: this would work out. I hoped my
dialog: dreams and your dreams would go
dialog: together on this. But you’re only
dialog: in it for yourself. My whole life
dialog: you've been looking for the better
dialog: situation. You did it to mom, you
dialog: did it to us. And you're still
dialog: doin’ it. You wanna be the big man.
dialog: You want the big shot car the valet
dialog: parks up front. You want to be one
dialog: of them. But you know what? You're
dialog: not one of them. You’re a stiff.
dialog: You’re a mope. And you know what
dialog: those mob guys think of you? They
dialog: think your a sucker. A poor
text: businessman always with his hand
dialog: out.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: What about you!!?? You’re so god-
dialog: damn bull-headed, you don’t take
dialog: the time to think anything through.
dialog: I told you not to go out there!!
dialog: But you, you gotta go out there.
dialog: Cause you’re so much smarter than
dialog: everybody else. You know it ALL.
dialog: You did the same thing with Tony.
dialog: No wonder he was looking for a way
dialog: out!
text: This hangs in the air. Joy is devastated. After a beat--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m your daughter.
text: Rudy says nothing. Joy turns and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. MAC DONALDS.
text: The kids eat and Joy stares off into space.
scene_heading: INT. TOOTS’S HOUSE. EVENING.
text: Joy stands in front of Toots, who sits on the couch.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: I’ve got the shingles.
text: Joy nods, “of course.”
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (to the kids)
dialog: Guys, go play.
text: The kids run upstairs.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: I’ve been so worried about you and
dialog: the kids, and how your father could
dialog: do this, Joy. And anyway I just
dialog: woke up today in so much pain, and
dialog: I had these two bumps on my waist
dialog: and so I took myself in cause I
dialog: knew you were probably up to other
dialog: things and anyway Dr. Mozingo says
dialog: I’m under stress and I’ve got the
dialog: shingles. It’s a virus, Joy. It’s
dialog: just all so much--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m sorry.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: You know, I hate to say it but I
dialog: always knew this was gonna go down
text: in flames.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Gee, thanks mom.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: You take after me, and you’re
dialog: father is gonna get the best of us
dialog: every time. It’s big business, Joy.
dialog: You're just a girl. We’re not made
dialog: for it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy and the kids enter. Bobby flips the tv on. Joy looks a
text: little off. She walks out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S BEDROOM. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy lays down on the bed in her clothes and conks out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S BEDROOM.
text: It's dark, the shades are drawn. There is no way to know what
text: time it is. Joy is asleep. She hears the door squeak open and
text: hears Jackie’s voice at the door. A beam of light hits Joy’s
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE (0.S.)
text: Jackie leave her alone.
speaker_heading: JACKIE (0.S.)
dialog: Why is she sleeping again?
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE (0.S.)
dialog: She’s tired. Leave her alone.
speaker_heading: JACKIE (0.S.)
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Mommy?
text: The door CLOSES. The conversation has roused Joy. She stirs,
text: then sits up. She looks around the room. It’s messy.
scene_heading: INT. JOY'S HOUSE. STAIRWELL. CONTINUOUS. DAY.
text: Joy comes down the stairs. As she walks, we see that some
text: TIME HAS PASSED. The house is a mess.
dialog: 113.
text: There are little piles of clothes all over the place. Half-
text: folded piles of laundry. Take-out food containers. An old tv
text: dinner sits on the living room table. Tv is on downstairs.
text: She hears Christie in the kitchen arguing with Jackie and
text: Bobby. She can’t make out what they’re saying.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. CONTINUOUS.
text: Joy enters. The kids sit at the kitchen table in their
text: designated spots, eating.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: Because I said so. I’m the oldest
dialog: and I said so.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hi, mom.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hi. What’s going on?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Christie made dinner and we don’t
dialog: like it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: They won’t even try it. Everybody
dialog: has to take three bites, that’s all
dialog: I ask.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh. What is it?
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: Pickles on crackers. We’re out of
dialog: bread so the crackers is the bread
dialog: group. And the pickles are the
dialog: vegetable group.
text: It’s all on the table. And there are TOY TEA CUPS.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I couldn’t reach the cups.
dialog: (turns to kids, mom-like)
dialog: Jackie that’s not a real bite. You
dialog: know the rules. No dinner, no
dialog: dessert.
text: Joy looks at Jackie. Her hair is matted. Christie, stands
text: with her APRON on, looking like a woman in charge. Bobby’s
text: SHIRT is on INSIDE OUT with the TAG in the front. The
text: kitchen, like the rest of the house, a mess. This picture, a
text: snapshot from Joy’s childhood, is all too familiar. She
text: takes it in. Just then, they hear the front door open.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: TONY (0.S.)
dialog: Hello!
text: Tony enters. He takes in the scene. He can’t hide his shock.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow. Hey, guys.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Hey, dad.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hey. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Christie called me.
text: Joy looks at Christie. Christie stares back at her, ashamed.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIE
dialog: I’m sorry, mommy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: It’s ok.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know what guys? Why don’t you
dialog: guys go play upstairs and I’1l talk
dialog: to mommy for a minute and we’ll all
dialog: go get some cheeseburgers. Daddy's
dialog: gonna take you out to dinner.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Yay!!
text: The kids run off. Tony sits across from Joy at the table.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: So.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: Looks like things are gettin’ a
dialog: little crazy. I think we gotta
dialog: figure something out here.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (breaks down)
dialog: I don’t want to figure any more
dialog: things out. I’m tired. I can’t do
dialog: it anymore. Everything I care
dialog: about, they rip it apart. That’s
dialog: what they do. I just can’t fight
dialog: against it anymore.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish I could stop feeling this
dialog: way but I’m done. I’m worn out.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Joy. You'll find a way to fix this.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No. There’s no way to fix this one.
dialog: If I fulfill the order, I owe
dialog: money and lose my company. If I
dialog: don’t fulfill the order, I lose my
dialog: company and my reputation, or I go
dialog: up against the mob. And we all know
dialog: how that ends.
dialog: Beat. After a moment--
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know that night? When you
dialog: kicked me out--
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Tony I don’t wanna--
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Just wait. That was enough for you.
dialog: That was the end of it. You made
dialog: the decision even though you had no
dialog: back up. And then you went and did
dialog: this great thing, which we both
dialog: know never would have happened
dialog: otherwise.
text: Joy looks up at Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: You take your best shots when
dialog: you're down. Of all of the options
dialog: here, there’s only one that isn’t a
dialog: guarantee of losing everything. And
dialog: as far as the mob goes, they’re
dialog: animals. But you’ve survived much
dialog: worse than anything they could do.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Your folks.
text: Joy cracks a smile “very funny.”
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m serious. You deal with Toots
dialog: every day. She’s a hundred times
dialog: worse than the mob.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Joy, you don’t see it, but
dialog: everything you’ve already done is
dialog: harder. You've taken care of
dialog: everybody. These kids. These kids
dialog: are great. You did that. You worked
dialog: all these jobs and then you built
dialog: this mop and you made something of
dialog: yourself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You've never been a quitter. You’re
dialog: gonna find a way. I know I
dialog: wouldn’t try and get in your way.
dialog: Between you and the mob, my
dialog: money’s on you.
text: Joy sits there.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna take the kids for the
dialog: night. You get some more rest.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN CALCAGNY’S OFFICE.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: When is the deadline?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Ten days.
dialog: John thinks.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: Well, there’s only one option that
dialog: can get the molds back in time to
dialog: fulfill the HSN order.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay. What?
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: We file an emergency request for a
dialog: temporary restraining order. It’s
dialog: not the kind of restraining order
dialog: you hear about in domestic cases.
dialog: This TRO is filed when there is an
dialog: emergency need for something to
dialog: happen immediately. For example, to
dialog: prevent the demolition of a
dialog: building, or to stop a sale of a
dialog: company from happening. It’s
dialog: specifically used for urgent and
dialog: timely cases like yours.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: We file, saying we need to be heard
dialog: tomorrow. The court will grant us a
dialog: hearing within two days, then we go
dialog: in and present our evidence. It’s
dialog: not a formal trial, the whole case
dialog: is heard in one day. But we do go
text: in front of the judge. And he
dialog: summons the Avalon guys in. We have
dialog: to prove that not only are we in
dialog: the right, but that if the court
dialog: doesn’t step in now, grant us an
dialog: injunction, and get the molds back
dialog: immediately, it will be a massive
dialog: loss. One you can never recover
dialog: from.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: That’s us. That’s me.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: Yeah but hold on.
text: John looks distressed.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: The courts don’t like these cases.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: Judges want cases to go forward in
dialog: a traditional fashion, to play
text: themselves out. They stand by the
dialog: system that’s in place, no risk or
dialog: appeal. They feel a TRO is askin
dialog: for special treatment. They feel if
dialog: the system is good enough for
dialog: everybody else, it should be good
dialog: enough for you. TRO cases are
dialog: virtually impossible to win. This
dialog: is a one shot deal. A Hail Mary
dialog: pass. If you win, you have a chance
dialog: of victory going forward. If you
dialog: lose....it’s over.
text: Joy has a determined look in her eyes.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY (CONT’D)
dialog: Not to mention we're going up
dialog: against the mob.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. RONNIE’S HOUSE.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I say you take it to ‘em.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: What the hell are you talking
dialog: about? Matty the Horse doesn’t fool
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I say to hell with ‘em. I say we
dialog: take the mop, the molds, the
dialog: warehouse, the trip to California
dialog: and shove it the whole thing up
dialog: their fat Italian asses, Joy.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: What?! Do you hear yourselves??
dialog: They buy judges. That trucking
dialog: company got that big judgment. I
dialog: read in the paper They found that
dialog: judge living in Hawaii. Living
dialog: there. Sipping pina coladas!
dialog: Ronnie, you’re stayin’ home.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: The hell I am. I wanna see these
text: goons sweat.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Oh they’re gonna sweat alright.
dialog: While they’re digging your grave.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Tony says they don’t come after
dialog: wives or kids.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Okay. I’1l1 tell everybody that when
dialog: I’m giving your eulogy.
text: Dante storms out, then turns around.
speaker_heading: DANTE (CONT'D)
dialog: The two of you are FUCKED. This
dialog: whole thing is fucked!!
text: He leaves.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Thanks for gettin’ him tuned up. I
dialog: love when he gets like this.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. DAY.
text: Joy and Ronnie sit in front of a mountain of paperwork.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
text: All of June is in red binders and
text: July is in blue. August is orange.
dialog: My anal retentiveness is really
text: coming in handy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: It’s a gift.
text: They hear a muffled BOOM outside.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE. DAY.
text: Joy and Ronnie walk out of the warehouse. At first they see
text: the dumpster on FIRE. They see a BLACK CADILLAC speeding
text: away. They look at each other. Suddenly, there is another
text: boom as the DUMPSTER behind them goes up in FLAMES. They look
text: at each other, sober.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S HOUSE. NIGHTTIME.
text: Joy sits nervously in her kitchen going over paperwork.
text: SUDDENLY, there is a banging at the front door. She is
text: FRIGHTENED. She grabs a knife and goes to the door. She gets
text: the courage to look through the peephole. She breathes a huge
text: sigh of relief and opens the door. It’s Rudy.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Can I come in?
text: Joy rolls her eyes and gestures for him to come in. Rudy sits
text: on the couch.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh. The kids are asleep?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: It’s 11 o’clock, dad.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Right. Yeah.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: What’s goin’ on?
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Look, I know things have been a
dialog: little tense.
text: Joy just looks at him.
speaker_heading: RUDY (CONT’D)
dialog: Tomorrow morning. This TRO thing?
dialog: You can’t do it, okay? You gotta
dialog: call it off.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: I’m not cancelling the hearing,
dialog: dad.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Come on! This has gone way too
dialog: far. People are gonna think I can’t
dialog: control my own family. Its
dialog: embarrassing.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah, that sounds tough, dad.
text: Beat. Rudy sighs, deeply.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I’m 69 years old, Joy. And I know
dialog: you don’t think that much of me.
dialog: You think I’m a bad father, but I
dialog: remember some good times. Times
dialog: with your mom even. You think I'ma
dialog: failed businessman, but you kids
dialog: never starved and were never
dialog: forgotten on your birthdays. Maybe
dialog: it ain’t much. But, well-I can’t
dialog: change the past. I can’t. Tomorrow
dialog: they’re gonna call me up there.
dialog: They're gonna make me their
dialog: witness. And they’re gonna ask me
dialog: about all of it: the mop, the
dialog: paperwork, you. What am I gonna
dialog: do? In front of everyone, you're
dialog: going to force me to make a choice.
dialog: So I’m asking you: please don’t
dialog: make me make this choice.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You don’t understand, dad. If I
dialog: were you, there would be no choice.
text: INT.
dialog: Joy
dialog: who
dialog: and
text: INT.
text: Joy and John sit in one of the rows.
text: Dante (wearing sunglasses as a disguise), and Toots.
text: quiet. Rudy and Viv sit on the other side.
scene_heading: JOY'S BEDROOM.
scene_heading: COURTHOUSE.
text: eye contact with Joy.
dialog: 121.
text: lies in bed, WIDE AWAKE, anxious. She looks at her kids,
text: are sleeping peacefully. She puts her WALK-MAN on again
text: turns it on.
text: Behind them is Ronnie,
dialog: It’s
dialog: Rudy cannot make
text: Suddenly, the doors open and an entourage of EXPENSIVE SUITS
text: AND BRIEFCASES enters.
text: Their entrance breaks the silence and
text: the sound of their shoes echoes the room. They pass her, as
text: if in slow motion, none acknowledging her except the last
text: one, Matty the Horse, who stares Joy down as he walks past
text: her and sits down, still staring at her.
text: The men sit. The entire room sits in very awkward silence.
text: Finally, the BAILIFF enters.
text: They all rise as the JUDGE enters.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: All rise, the honorable Judge David
dialog: Brady.
text: humorless. Joy is intimidated.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Alright, have a seat.
text: They all sit.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: We're hear today because plaintiff
dialog: Joy Mangano is moving for emergency
dialog: release of an affirmative
dialog: injunction forcing defendant
dialog: Matthew Aianello to relinquish
dialog: certain manufacturing molding
dialog: equipment related to the production
dialog: of a mop. Counselor, you may make
dialog: your argument.
text: John stands up. Joy is extremely nervous.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY
dialog: Thank you. Joy Mangano is the
dialog: inventor of the Miracle Mop. She
dialog: created the product on her own.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: The judge speaks,
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: JOHN CALCAGNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Early on, she sought the assistance
dialog: of her father in production of
dialog: certain molds that are fundamental
dialog: in the manufacturing process.
text: Unbeknownst to her, her father
dialog: made a deal with Mr. Aianello to
dialog: produce the molds. As production
dialog: increased, Mr. Aianello made
dialog: unreasonable cost demands that made
dialog: production and distribution of said
dialog: mop impossible. This effort at
dialog: conversion by the Defendant has
dialog: been catastrophic for Ms.
dialog: Mangano’s business, for herself,
dialog: and for her children. We are asking
dialog: the court to grant Ms. Mangano
dialog: possession of her manufacturing
dialog: molds in order for her to filla
dialog: very large order made by the Home
dialog: Shopping Network. If the court does
dialog: not grant this, tens of thousands
dialog: of orders will go un-filled, and
dialog: Ms. Mangano’s business and
dialog: reputation will be destroyed. We
dialog: have sufficient evidence to support
dialog: our claim.
text: Various shots of John presenting evidence, engaging with the
dialog: judge.
text: A shot of her first SKETCH of the mop.
text: A photo of her and Ronnie at KMART. Shot of a proud Ronnie.
text: Joy hands the bailiff a video tape. He pops it into a VCR..
text: It’s the video of Joy on HSN.
speaker_heading: CHRYSTAL
dialog: Well good evening here on HSN I’m
dialog: your host Chrystal Gaines and we
dialog: are gonna end this Thursday with
dialog: our incredible Deal of the Day...
text: Joy looks nervous as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Matty’s lawyer is now standing. Joy is sitting.
scene_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER
dialog: Well, having seen the video, I'll
dialog: take two.
text: There is laughter from the courtroom. Even the Judge laughs.
text: Joy looks worried.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER (CONT’D)
dialog: Unfortunately the only thing this
dialog: video proves is that this woman can
dialog: sell mops. And none of the other
dialog: evidence is binding with relation
dialog: to legal ownership of the mop. Your
dialog: honor, our client owns the patent
dialog: for this mop. Its all here in plain
text: black and white.
text: He presents the PATENT to the judge.
speaker_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER (CONT’D)
dialog: The law is clear here. We are
dialog: asking the court to acknowledge
dialog: this for what it is - a family
dialog: dispute. A petty feud. We
dialog: understand that, unfortunately,
text: Miss Mangano’s business is failing.
dialog: No one’s sadder about this than my
dialog: client.
dialog: (turns to Joy)
dialog: I know you’re divorced and are
dialog: raising three children and it must
dialog: be very hard. We sympathize with
dialog: your financial struggles, but we
dialog: also think we all know what this is-
dialog: (turns back to the Judge)
dialog: It is nothing more than a money
dialog: grab. We are simply asking the
dialog: court to uphold our legally binding
dialog: contract. Thank you, your honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (looking at patent)
dialog: Counselor, who is Rudy Martorella?
scene_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER
dialog: The plaintiff's father your honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Martorella, please come take
dialog: the stand.
text: Rudy stands up and makes his way to the stand.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Do you promise to tell the truth,
dialog: the whole truth, and nothing but
dialog: the truth, so help you God?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I do.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: So, Mr. Martorella, according to
dialog: this document you transferred
dialog: ownership of the patent to Mr.
dialog: Aianello. Is that true?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Yes, your honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: How did you acquire the patent in
dialog: the first place?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I filed it at the office.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: No, why did you file it? Are you
dialog: the inventor of the mop?
text: Rudy is visibly uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Uh, well, for a while I was kickin’
dialog: it around, you know, it’s not the
dialog: only thing I thought about
dialog: inventing. I thought of an ashtray
text: on a stand that sits by the couch--
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Did you invent the Miracle Mop? Yes
dialog: or no.
text: Rudy looks over in JOY’'S DIRECTION, but not at her. He looks
text: in Matty’s direction. Long pause. He nervously fidgets.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Yes.
text: The room reacts. Joy is let down. Viv gets up, takes her
text: purse, and leaves the room, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Thank you, lets take a recess so I
dialog: can look over some of this.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: JOY, TOOTS, RONNIE, and DANTE exit the court room. JOY is
dialog: devastated.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
speaker_heading: (to JOY)
dialog: I can’t believe this. Stugatz!
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: When that man dies I will step on
text: his dead body.
text: Matty approaches.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Excuse me. May I have a word with
dialog: you, Joy?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Uh. Yeah, sure. Let me find my
dialog: attorney.
text: Joy looks around for John.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: This’ll only take a minute. You
dialog: don’t need him.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay
dialog: (to her group)
dialog: Guys?
text: Toots and Dante walk away. RONNIE doesn’t. Matty looks at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I’m part of the company.
text: Matty shrugs.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Joy, my attorneys tell me you're
dialog: gonna end up with nothing. They say
dialog: it’s a slam dunk. I feel terrible
dialog: about this. This is your family.
dialog: And you're arguing with each other.
dialog: Family is not supposed to be like
dialog: this. I want this to be over. I
dialog: want to make it right.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I’m glad to hear you say that.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I wanna settle this between us,
dialog: right here and now.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I would like to offer you twenty
dialog: thousand dollars. You withdraw
dialog: your claim to ownership of the
dialog: patent. You walk home with
dialog: somethin’ in your pocket. And
dialog: nobody’s hung out to dry.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Twenty thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Yeah. Its starting to get
dialog: embarrassing in there, you’re own
dialog: father testifying against you.
dialog: That can’t be easy for you
dialog: personally. I admire you though.
dialog: You came here, you gave it your
dialog: best shot.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yeah. I don’t think I’1l take the
dialog: deal.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No, thank you. What you're doing
dialog: isn’t right. And your offer is
dialog: insulting.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I agree with that.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa. No one’s trying
dialog: to insult you. We’re having a
dialog: business discussion here.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I don’t wanna do your kind of
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I’m talking about 20 grand here.
dialog: It’s that or zero when I go back in
dialog: there and win this case.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Well it’s not over yet.
text: Matty’s demeanor changes. We see the mob boss in him.
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I was tryin to be nice. For your
dialog: dad.
dialog: (close to her face)
dialog: But you’re just like him. A fuckin’
dialog: mooch with big plans and no
dialog: pocketbook. I’m gonna bury you in
dialog: there. And I'll see you in a couple
dialog: of weeks when you come beggin me
dialog: for money.
text: He walks off. Joy and Ronnie are very scared.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Okay. So now we know. We got that
text: squared away.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Are you out of your mind?!
text: Joy and Ronnie are back with Toots and Dante.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom, I can’t just sit here and let
dialog: this go. I’ve tried and I can’t go
dialog: down like this.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: You are gonna go down. You’re going
dialog: down! You should have taken the
dialog: money. Cause now you’re gonna end
dialog: up with nothing. And have thought
dialog: about your mother? I come all the
dialog: way down here riddled with the
dialog: shingles and you pull this on me?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Mom, this has nothing to do with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Of course it has to do with me. Who
dialog: do you think’s gonna take care of
dialog: kids when these people are done
dialog: with you??
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Wait a minute. Am I supposed to
dialog: think that would be you?? Since
dialog: when has that ever been you, mom?
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Shame on you for talking to your
dialog: mother this way.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: TOOTS (CONT'D)
dialog: Your father destroyed me. And he’s
dialog: gonna destroy you. And you want me
dialog: to sit here and watch it happen.
text: The courtroom DOORS open. People begin filing back in.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: No one’s asking you to stay. In
dialog: fact, I don’t want you to. Unless,
dialog: for once in your life you can find
dialog: a way to be a mother and root for
dialog: me. What’s it gonna be Mom? You
dialog: staying or going?
text: Toots stares at Joy for a long beat. She grabs her purse off
text: the bench and heads into the courtroom.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: The man’s never even picked up a
text: mop in his life.
text: This comment hangs in the air. John appears.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Where were you? I’ve been looking
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I had to go for a walk. Clear my
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: We need a plan, do you have a plan?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I think so.
text: Joy is panicked. The bailiff flags them into the courtroom.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Come on. Let’s go.
text: They enter the courtroom.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM. MOMENTS LATER.
text: Back in session. Rudy is at the witness stand. John stands
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So, you invented the mop? Is that
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Wow. That must be exciting to see
dialog: something like this take off for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Yes, yes it is.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So, why was your daughter on TV,
dialog: not you? The inventor?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: She handles the creative part. I do
dialog: the business part of the deal.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who handles the inventing part?
text: Matty’s attorney stands up.
scene_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER
dialog: Objection. He’s asking the same
text: question over and over.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Upheld.
speaker_heading: (to JOHN)
dialog: Do you have any new questions? One
dialog: that hasn’t been answered already?
text: John is searching. He sees Joy. She signals to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: One second, your Honor.
text: John comes to Joy. They whisper.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I need to talk.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Tell him you want me to talk.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Joy, you don’t want this to turn
text: into a quarrel here.
text: She is dead stern.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Please. Do it.
text: John turns to the Judge.
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Your Honor, Ms. Mangano has
dialog: something she’d like to say.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: By all means.
text: She grabs the mop off of the display table.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Your Honor. Will you please ask
dialog: Rudy to mop the floor?
scene_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER
dialog: Objection--
text: Joy looks at the judge.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: He invented it, I just want to see
dialog: him use it. Ask him to come down
text: and mop the floor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Overruled.
dialog: (turns to Rudy)
dialog: Mr. Martorella.
text: The judge signals for Rudy to come down to the floor. Rudy
text: reluctantly gets up, embarrassed, and walks down to Joy. Joy
text: hands him the mop and bucket.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: There’s no water in here, but you
dialog: know what to do.
text: Rudy, shaking his head, trying to act cool, dunks the mop in
text: the bucket, fumbles with the sliding mechanism a bit, pushing
text: instead of pulling, barely pulling it off. It’s not a CLEAR
text: RESULT. Rudy looks at the judge, throwing his hands up as if
dialog: to say “See, I did it.”
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry. One more thing. Can you ask
dialog: my dad to take off the mop head and
dialog: put it back on?
text: Rudy tries to take the mop head off. He can’t figure out
text: where the button is. He tries a few different unsuccessful
dialog: ways.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: May I?
text: Joy takes the mop and detaches the mop head in a millisecond.
text: She then puts it back on and works the wringer. She turns to
dialog: the judge.
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Martorella, you may sit down.
text: Rudy goes back to his chair. Joy goes back to her table and
text: turns to the judge, matter of fact.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: This mop isn’t the first thing I’ve
dialog: invented. Its just the first thing
dialog: anyone has ever bought. Its really
dialog: amazing seeing people buy this
dialog: thing. It makes me feel something
dialog: I’ve never felt before. Proud. I’m
dialog: sure these guys have that same
dialog: feeling. Because they have the
dialog: ‘paperwork’ right there that says
dialog: they own, conceived, and created my
text: mop. They were the ones slipping on
text: the floor of Sam’s Diner at
dialog: midnight. They were the ones that
dialog: figured out you need to put a pin
dialog: in the mop or it won’t work right.
dialog: Or that if you slip your finger
dialog: over the housing when you’re
dialog: assembling it, you’ll get your skin
dialog: pinched every time. Right guys?
dialog: They have to know about the skin
dialog: pinching. Because they have the
dialog: paperwork. It says this mop is
dialog: theirs. You could tell by the way
dialog: they talk about it. Its personal
dialog: for them. It’s their blood, sweat,
dialog: and tears. I don’t have that
dialog: paperwork. It was taken out from
dialog: underneath me. While I was busy
dialog: trying to make this thing happen, I
dialog: was betrayed. And I guess honesty
dialog: and integrity don’t have a receipt.
dialog: There’s no patent for hard work.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My whole life people have been
dialog: telling me you can’t do this and
dialog: you shouldn’t try that and you
dialog: don’t deserve this. It’s been like
text: noise in my head for a very long
dialog: time. I just wanna walk away from
dialog: all the noise. To you, it’s a mop.
dialog: To me, it’s a way out. All I’m
dialog: asking for, your honor, is what has
dialog: always been mine. And the paperwork
dialog: to prove it. Thank you.
text: The judge nods. He is quiet for a long time. He calls the
text: bailiff over and whispers to him. The bailiff walks out of
text: the room, then comes back with more paperwork. Joy watches
text: every move. The judge finally speaks.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Where are these mop molds being
dialog: held?
scene_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER
dialog: In California at our Avalon
dialog: facility.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Okay. Counsel, contact the facility
dialog: and have them load the
dialog: manufacturing molds, all parts
dialog: dealing with the manufacturing of
dialog: these mops to be loaded onto trucks
dialog: and shipped here immediately.
scene_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: And take them to Ms. Mangano’s
dialog: warehouse.
scene_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER
dialog: Your honor?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I’ll further order a sheriff's
dialog: escort to accompany the trucks to
dialog: make sure that nothing mysteriously
text: happens to the trucks along the
dialog: way. I am not only granting the
dialog: TRO. I hereby grant all legal
dialog: rights to the Miracle Mop and it’s
text: proceeds to Ms. Mangano.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Oh my God.
scene_heading: MATTY’S LAWYER
dialog: We have the patent--
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I'm nullifying the patent. It is to
dialog: be re-filed in the name of Joy
dialog: Mangano.
text: There is an audible reaction from the room. He turns to Joy.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Good luck to you.
text: He hits the gavel. Ronnie bursts into tears. Everyone on
text: Joy's side erupts in celebration. Ronnie, runs to Joy, they
text: hug each other. They all hug. Joy hugs Toots, who is
text: completely dumbfounded. She hugs Ronnie very tightly.
dialog: 133.
text: As she hugs Ronnie, Joy looks over Ronnie’s shoulder, across
dialog: the room to Rudy.
text: Rudy sits isolated, no longer part of the family, no longer
text: respected by the mob. Shamed. He looks pathetic. Joy
text: watches him. A hint of sympathy comes across her face.
text: Joy's group excitedly starts to head out the door. Last in
text: line, Joy stops where Rudy is sitting. A beat. Then...
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: We gonna see you for dinner on
dialog: Sunday?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Yeah. Yeah that’d be good.
scene_heading: INT. JOY’S OFFICES. CHYRON: 1 YR LATER.
text: Joy is walking through what are now STATE-OF-THE-ART OFFICES.
text: She is made-over, a new and improved version of herself.
text: Confident, polished, elegant. Ronnie comes up to her, wearing
text: a business suit. Ronnie talks to her as they walk.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
text: Joy, Dante’s on his way with the
dialog: kids for pizza night.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Great.
text: They pass by the secretary’s desk.
speaker_heading: JOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom, pizza in a half hour.
text: REVEAL Toots, who is on the phone. She acknowledges Joy but
dialog: stays focused.
speaker_heading: TOOTS
dialog: Thursday she’s in meetings all day
dialog: but that Friday after lunch there's
text: an opening.
text: Joy and Ronnie still walking, they head up stairs.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Also, we need to remind the
text: warehouse of the new back-order.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: And the head of sales wants a
dialog: meeting tomorrow.
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Tomorrow is no good.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Well, you talk to him.
text: Ronnie peels off. Joy opens an office door that reads HEAD OF
text: SALES. TONY is inside working.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey-
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Hey, I can’t meet tomorrow, Bobby’s
dialog: got the science fair.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh that’s right.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: How’s Monday though?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Monday’s good.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Okay. The kids are almost here.
dialog: Meet us in the green room in 20
dialog: minutes for pizza?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Joy smiles, exits his office. She walks to a door that has a
text: decorative grapevine wreath hanging on it. She enters. On the
text: wall is a WOMAN’S DAY MAGAZINE COVER that has been framed
text: with JOY AND HER KIDS on the cover. “Mother of Invention”.
text: Joy opens the closet, takes her blazer off, and hangs her
text: blazer up. The blazer slides off and falls to the floor. She
text: hangs it again. It slides off again. Joy holds the hanger up,
text: stares at it, slides her fingers along the corners of the
text: hanger, and we go off on her, wheels turning...a new
dialog: invention is brewing!
speaker_heading: CHYRON:
dialog: In the next few years the Miracle Mop sold over 10 million
dialog: units.
text: It’s sales were only outdone by Joy’s next invention: The
dialog: Huggable Hanger.
dialog: Today Joy's products have grossed over a half billion in
dialog: sales.
dialog: 135.
dialog: If you asked her today, she would say her proudest
dialog: achievement is her children.
dialog: 136.
dialog: 
