speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: by
dialog: Pedro Almodovar
text: Julieta’s three houses in Madrid, at the three
dialog: different stages in the story:
dialog: House 1 is the one she shares with her daughter Antia,
dialog: after Xoan’s death. 19, Fernando VI, Third Floor. From
dialog: 1998 to 2006-2007.
text: House 2 is the one to which she moves, after throwing
text: out all the reminders of her daughter. A neutral, ugly
text: neighborhood far from the center. Shortly after, Ava
text: dies and Lorenzo appears in her life. 2006-2007 to
dialog: 2016.
text: House 3 is in the same building as House 1, 19,
dialog: Fernando VI, Second Floor. Julieta moves there
text: immediately after her encounter with Beatriz. At that
dialog: moment she decides to stay in Madrid and not go to
dialog: Portugal with Lorenzo. From 2016 to the end.
scene_heading: 1. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. IN THE MORNING.
speaker_heading: 2016. SPRING
text: A red fabric fills the screen. Over it appear the
text: opening credits. At first it gives a sensation of
dialog: stillness, but with the insistence of the shot we
text: discover that the fabric is moving, a slight, rhythmic
text: movement. We discover that the fabric is the front of a
text: dress and that Julieta’s heart is beating inside it.
text: Julieta, an attractive woman of 55, independent and
text: full of determination, a mixture of timidity and
text: daring, fragility and courage. Blond. She is sitting
text: next to a bookcase, surrounded by cardboard boxes, the
text: kind used for moving house. She picks up a sculpture of
text: naked, seated man, with the color and texture of
text: terracotta (some 8 inches high), and wraps it carefully
text: in bubble wrap. She places it in one of the cardboard
text: boxes that contains art books, a framed photo with
dialog: Lorenzo, a book of photos by Nan Goldin, items that she
dialog: doesn’t want to get rid of.
text: In front of the shelves on which books are piled up in
text: various groups, Julieta tries to decide which she’1ll
dialog: put into boxes and which she’1ll leave. A great number
dialog: of the books have to do with Classical Greece,
text: Mythology, Art, etc. Juliet also puts in the box a
text: novel by Lorenzo Gentile, “Adiés, Volcan”, on the cover
dialog: of which there is a sculpture by Ava, as we will
text: discover in due time, also a naked, seated man.
text: The walls of the apartment are painted white. A sober
text: space with little furniture. Bright and comfortable.
dialog: Few decorative elements and the few that we see have to
text: do with Lorenzo. In one corner there is a large writing
text: desk and, hanging in the angle formed by the wall,
text: there are three posters. The rest of the walls are
text: bare. A self-portrait of Lucien Freud announces a
text: portrait exhibition in London, another poster by the
text: hyper-realist painter Antonio Lépez shows the deserted
text: Gran Via in Madrid. The third poster is for the
text: spectacle “The Old Woman” by Bob Wilson. The three hang
text: in their frames on the walls.
text: Julieta goes over to the writing desk and opens a side
text: drawer. She rummages in the bottom of the drawer until
text: she finds a blue envelope, the size of a Christmas
text: card, the texture of which shows that it has been kept
text: for several years, an old envelope. She takes the
text: envelope out of the drawer and looks at it. The intense
text: blue of the envelope contrasts with the red of the
text: dress she is wearing. Juliet holds it up for a moment,
text: she doubts about putting it in the removals box.
text: Finally she decides to throw it in the wastepaper
text: basket. The wastepaper basket already contains a jumble
text: of papers and cuttings, the result of the clean-out she
dialog: is doing.
text: The entry phone rings. Julieta goes into the kitchen,
text: answers and then opens the door out to the landing. She
text: goes back to the far end of the sitting room, next to
text: the bookcase, and continues choosing books to pack.
scene_heading: 2. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. IN THE MORNING.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Lorenzo Gentile in person comes into the apartment.
text: Julieta had previously left the door open. He is aged
text: between 55 and 60, an attractive man, warm-hearted and
text: sincere. A mature, comfortable seducer. Argentinean,
text: with a soft accent, he enjoys and is touched by the
text: sight of Julieta, confused by the preparations for the
text: journey. With a few books in her hand:
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m in a real mess. I don’t know
dialog: which books to take.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Take the essential ones. If you
dialog: miss any you can buy them on the
dialog: Internet.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I don’t like buying books I
dialog: already have. It makes me feel
dialog: old.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: (Smiling) Right now you look like
text: a little girl.
text: Julieta makes a nervous face.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Apart from the books, do you have
dialog: a lot to do?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I still have to do some shopping.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Julieta, we’re not going to the
dialog: desert. You’ll be able to come to
dialog: Madrid when you like... or go to
text: Braga, which is closer.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Suddenly, serious) I’d like not
dialog: to come back to Madrid, if I can
dialog: avoid it.
text: Lorenzo embraces her tenderly. Julieta relaxes in his
text: arms. They kiss.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: (Murmuring to her) Thank you.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: For not letting me grow old on my
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: You’re the one not leaving me on my
dialog: own.
scene_heading: MADRID. A STREET JUNCTION IN THE CENTER. EXT.
speaker_heading: DAY.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta is walking along, laden with two plastic bags.
text: They could be from a hardware store where she has
dialog: bought some gardening tools.
text: Where the sidewalk goes round the corner she passes a
text: woman in her early thirties. The woman is with a group,
text: but Julieta notices only her face. Neither of them
dialog: stops, but both seem to be saying to themselves “I know
dialog: her”.
text: They turn to each other and exclaim in unison:
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Julieta!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Bea!
text: Bea breaks away from her group, even though she’s ina
text: hurry. One woman in the group looks annoyed by the
text: meeting between Julieta and Beatriz.
text: From their tone it’s obvious that they haven’t seen
dialog: each other in many years and that they were good
text: friends in another time. They are very excited about
dialog: the encounter.
text: Bea is very well dressed, an outfit from the latest
text: collection by Dior and also a bag by Dior. She doesn’t
dialog: seem like a fashion victim, rather someone used to
text: dressing and accessorizing with the latest trends.
text: After the usual gestures and words:
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: I can’t believe this, Juliet! Just
dialog: last week I met your daughter at
dialog: Lake Como!
text: Julieta’s eyes open wide. Surprised, she conceals the
text: impact of this news, she holds her breath.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: You met Antia?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Yes! Just imagine! We were looking
dialog: at each other and it was I who
dialog: went up to her because she didn’t
dialog: recognize me!
text: Julieta has to make a great effort to be able to speak.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: But you look exactly the same,
dialog: Julieta. In fact, better.
dialog: Julieta manages to murmur “Thank you”.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: And what did she say?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
text: That... (She hesitates, looking
dialog: carefully for the best way to put
dialog: it) she had come down to the city
dialog: to buy things for her children...
dialog: She’s got three! Two boys and a
dialog: girl!
text: Julieta gives a forced smile, as if this information
dialog: weren’t a surprise for her. But the truth is she’s
text: shocked. More than that.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes... I don’t know how she manages!
dialog: Do you have children?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: No... I’m not even married.
text: The woman in the group who is watching this meeting
text: with annoyance is showing signs of unease. Beatriz can
text: feel her eyes boring into her shoulders. The woman is
text: dressed with elegant, masculine sobriety, slim as an
text: ex-model who still maintains her aura.
text: Although Julieta and Beatriz are happy to see each
text: other, the conversation is a bit tense. Julieta is
text: forcing her to linger and Bea is showing signs of
text: impatience. Also, the masculine woman doesn’t take her
text: eyes off her.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: It’s such a pity. I’m in a
dialog: terrible hurry. (Sincere) You
dialog: don’t know how delighted I am to
dialog: see you looking so well!
text: The way in which she says this suggests that at some
dialog: point in their lives she had seen her
dialog: unwell.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Where are you living?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: In New York and Milan. I’m
dialog: accessories editor for Vogue. I
dialog: travel a lot. I went to Lake Como
dialog: for a photo shoot. Well...
dialog: looking very
text: Julieta tries to hold her back a little longer.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: That’s wonderful! Listen, say
dialog: hello to your mother...
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Mom died three years ago. My
dialog: brother lives here. We’re meeting
dialog: him and my nieces in a restaurant,
dialog: but we’re running late.
text: Julieta looks anxiously at the woman in
text: is watching them in annoyance.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m sorry... (Forced, but she wants
dialog: to know) What else did Antia tell
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Not much. I asked about you and
dialog: she told me you were still living
dialog: in Madrid. And look, what a
dialog: coincidence!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes, I’m still here. And I’1ll be
dialog: staying here. And... Did she look
dialog: well?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Yes.. and she wasn’t even wearing
text: make-up. She’s very thin, but
dialog: pretty.
text: She gives her a kiss, obviously
text: conversation. In a serious, sincere tone:
dialog: the group who
dialog: ending the
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: I’m really happy to see you
dialog: looking so well, Julieta. Bye.
text: Beatriz runs off after the kiss and joins the group
text: waiting for her, while Julieta watches hungrily.
scene_heading: 4. MADRID. A STREET JUNCTION IN THE CENTER. EXT. DAY.
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta remains motionless on the sidewalk. She watches
text: helplessly as Beatriz disappears round the next corner
dialog: with her group of friends. She would swear that the
text: woman dressed with masculine elegance is asking her,
text: intrigued, who she was. Beatriz explains to her. Juliet
dialog: can’t hear them.
scene_heading: 5. MADRID. HOUSE 2. SITTING ROOM. INT. NIGHT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta comes into her apartment with the plastic bags
text: containing her last purchases. Her face is no longer
text: that of the happy, tranquil woman in the first
text: sequences with Lorenzo. Now her expression is somber
text: and agitated. In her mind she hears time and again the
text: conversation with Beatriz in the street, like a
text: ritornello. She can’t get it out of her head.
text: She leaves the bags on the writing desk, picks up the
text: wastepaper basket and puts it on the desk. Julieta
text: rummages around in it, under the gaze of Lucian Freud
text: from one of the posters. In the silence of the night
text: and with the light from the lamp, Freud’s portrait
text: takes on an inquisitive presence. Julieta finally finds
text: the Christmas card-sized blue envelope that she threw
text: out in the morning. Her cell phone rings. It’s Lorenzo.
text: She doesn’t answer it. It rings again, she still
text: doesn’t answer it. Julieta can’t stop looking at the
text: blue envelope while her breathing grows more agitated.
scene_heading: 6. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. THE NEXT MORNING.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta puts some water in a saucepan to boil, to make
text: tea. Everything is tidy. She is wearing sports clothes
dialog: suitable for house wear.
dialog: Silence.
text: The entry phone rings. It’s Lorenzo. Julieta presses
text: the button to let him in.
text: Lorenzo raps on the door. Julieta opens the apartment
text: door, more rigid than usual and looking as if she’s had
text: a bad night. Lorenzo comes into the hall. From the
text: outset he notices that something is amiss. He just has
text: to look at Julieta. They greet each other with a
text: routine kiss on the mouth.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Are you all right?
dialog: As an answer...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m boiling some water...
text: She goes off to the kitchen, followed by Lorenzo.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: I called you last night and you
dialog: didn’t answer.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I needed to be alone.
text: Lorenzo looks around as far as he can see. Everything
text: is tidy, there is no sign of suitcases or cardboard
dialog: boxes.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: What about the cases... and the
dialog: boxes? Don’t tell me you still
dialog: haven’t finished.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’ve unpacked everything. I’m
dialog: staying in Madrid, Lorenzo.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Are you joking?
text: Lorenzo knows that she isn’t, he looks at her
text: questioningly. Julieta is concentrating on making the
dialog: tea.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: But that’s ridiculous!
text: Julieta looks at him in silence. It isn’t ridiculous.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I won’t be able to go with you.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: (Alarmed) But what’s happened?
text: She fills her cup with hot water, the teabag is in
text: there. She sweetens it with agave syrup.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I know you don’t deserve this, but
dialog: I beg you not to ask me any
dialog: questions. I’m not going with you
dialog: to Portugal. I’m staying in
dialog: Madrid.
text: Silence, broken by Lorenzo.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: And you’re not going to give me
dialog: any explanation?!
text: Silence. Julieta takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: What’s going on, Julieta?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’ve given it a lot of thought
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: (Interrupting her) Don’t tell me
dialog: you hadn’t thought about it until
dialog: now! We’ve been planning this for
dialog: almost a year!
text: Julieta looks at him, mortified.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Just yesterday you said “I’d like
dialog: not to come back to Madrid if I
dialog: can help it”! What’s happened so
dialog: suddenly?
text: Julieta is still struggling with herself. But it’s
text: obvious she has taken an irrevocable decision.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Weak and decisive) Don’t insist,
dialog: please.
text: He glares at her. Lorenzo’s mouth has gone dry, his
text: palate is sticky.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Can I have a glass of water?
text: Julieta takes a bottle from the refrigerator and pours
text: him a glass of water in silence. Lorenzo drinks from
text: the glass, thinking about what to say to her.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: I don’t recognize you, Julieta.
dialog: You're behaving like a lunatic...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: (Powerless) I can’t believe we’re
dialog: talking about this!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Last night I realized that I was
dialog: fooling myself, that I don’t want
dialog: to leave Madrid, and.. that I
dialog: prefer to be alone. I’m sorry.
text: Lorenzo glares at her again, he knows that he won’t get
text: another word out of her.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: I always knew there was something
dialog: important in your life that you’ve
dialog: never shared with me. You never
dialog: wanted to talk about it and I’ve
dialog: always respected that.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (After a brief pause) I’d like you
dialog: to keep respecting it.
text: Lorenzo looks at her, astonished and humiliated. After
text: looking at her for a moment he turns to the door and
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: 7. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. EXT. DAY.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta gets out of a taxi in front of 19, Fernando VI.
scene_heading: 8. MADRID, 19, FERNANDO VI. SUPERINTENDENT’S OFFICE IN
scene_heading: BUILDING. INT. DAY.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: She comes into the entrance hall. The superintendent
text: comes out. Inocencio, a simple, amiable man, pleasant
text: looking, greying hair.
text: From the way they greet each other they seem like old
dialog: acquaintances. They haven't seen each other for some
text: time, but Julieta talks to him as if they had just seen
text: each other the day before. The man doesn’t recognize
dialog: her at first.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Hello, Inocencio!
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: Miss Julieta! It’s been ages!
text: Inocencio is surprised to see her there. Julieta acts
text: as if she doesn’t notice, she’s full of determination.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes, indeed. By chance, have any
dialog: letters come for me?
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: (Confused) In all these years?
dialog: Noo.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’ve just come back to Madrid, and
dialog: I’d like to rent my old apartment.
dialog: Is it free?
dialog: Julieta acts as if this inquiry were the most natural
dialog: thing in the world. (By this stage, the spectator will
dialog: think she’s eccentric, verging on crazy)
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: (Puzzled) No... I thought you’d left
dialog: Spain.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes, but I’ve come back. And I
dialog: miss this street. Is there another
dialog: apartment free?
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
text: Well, the second left is empty.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: That’s wonderful! Can I see it?
text: Inocencio, a good, simple man of 50, is astonished. He
dialog: remembers that Julieta had been very ill years ago and
text: had caused a few scenes before leaving the building.
text: He’s afraid she hasn’t recovered in all these years.
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
text: It’s practically unfurnished, and
text: it hasn’t been painted.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: That doesn’t matter.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 9. MADRID. FERNANDO VI, 19, 2™° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. INT.
speaker_heading: DAY.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta and Inocencio appear at the far end of the
text: hallway that leads into the apartment’s large sitting
text: room. The color of the walls is different from that of
text: her old apartment in the same building, but the lay-out
text: and aspect to the street is identical. They pause in
text: the doorway. Julieta looks around the room. The
text: superintendent looks at her, uncomfortable.
text: The wooden floor is dirty. And the walls, painted a
text: greyish green, still bear the marks of the previous
text: tenant’s pictures and furniture. There are three
text: windows, without curtains.
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: It’s very dirty, I warned you.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’1ll clean it. I’l1l take it,
dialog: Inocencio.
text: A ray of sun comes through each of the three windows
text: that look out on the street and light up the largest
text: room. On one side there is a fireplace that divides the
text: wall in two. On both sides of the fireplace there are
text: empty shelves. Near the shelves an abandoned stool and
text: a skay armchair.
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: But it’s not ready for anyone to
dialog: move in, Miss Julieta. If you give
dialog: me your number, I’11 call you.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: That isn’t necessary, really. As
dialog: long as the bathroom and kitchen
dialog: work, I can see to the rest.
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: (Disconcerted) The bathroom and
dialog: the kitchen are new.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 10. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2™° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. INT. DAY.
scene_heading: ANOTHER DAY.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta is standing in the sitting room of the new
text: apartment, waiting for two men to set down the last of
dialog: the removal boxes, the same boxes we saw at the
text: beginning. She gives each man a tip. She hasn’t brought
text: any furniture from the other house. Just clothes and
dialog: books.
dialog: Cut. (Perhaps this sequence isn’t necessary)
scene_heading: 11. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2ND FLOOR. HOUSE 3. SAME
scene_heading: DAY. INT. NIGHT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Night has fallen. Julieta, alone, has opened some of
dialog: the boxes of books, among them the box we saw in Seq.
text: 1. She takes out Lorenzo Gentile’s book, “Adios,
text: volcan”, and the sculpture of the seated man which she
text: had packed in bubble wrap. She also takes out the
dialog: Christmas card-type blue envelope from the first
dialog: sequence.
text: Sitting on the skay armchair, using the stool as a
text: table, she opens the blue envelope we saw in the first
text: sequence. She empties its contents onto the stool. The
text: surface is covered with tiny pieces of a photo that had
text: been carefully torn up. With her hand she spreads out
text: the pieces of the photo, creating a difficult jigsaw
text: puzzle: the past, lying on the stool.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 12. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2"? FLOOR. HOUSE 3. EXT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: She comes to the window. We see her from outside, from
text: the point of view of someone on the sidewalk, watching
text: her in the darkness.
text: Julieta breathes in the night air, (the air from the
text: past to which the pieces of the torn photo belong), the
text: air from her former and current street. Seen from below
text: she is an enigmatic figure.
scene_heading: 13. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2™° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. INT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: A gust of spring air reaches the stool and scatters the
text: pieces of the photo across the floor.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 14. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2™° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. SITTING
scene_heading: ROOM. INT. NIGHT. CONT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta is sitting in the old skay armchair next to a
text: simple standard lamp. The photo which had been torn
text: into a thousand pieces and scattered is beside her,
text: intact again.
text: Julieta is holding a thick, hard-covered Italian
text: notebook. On the first page she writes the name ANTIA
text: in capital letters. From its position, in the middle of
dialog: the page, Antia is the title of everything she will
dialog: write afterwards.
text: The scant initial text is written as a list:
dialog: Two sons and one daughter.
text: She came down to Lake Como to shop, so she lives in a
dialog: town where there are few stores. Perhaps she lives ina
text: nearby, expensive Swiss town and she went to shop in
dialog: Italy which is much cheaper.
text: She doesn’t wear make-up. And she’s thin.
dialog: She thinks I’m still living in Madrid.
scene_heading: 15. MADRID. THE STREET. EXT. DAY. CONT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: A VERY TYPICAL IMAGE OF PRESENT DAY MADRID.
text: Coinciding with the words “living in Madrid” we see
text: Julieta walking slowly along a street full of people. A
text: sunny spring day. She looks at everyone, especially the
text: women. She smiles at one who has two children by the
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: 16. MADRID. OPEN AIR BASKETBALL COURT. EXT. CONT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: In the neighborhood where she lives.
text: She goes into an open air basketball court. She sits on
text: a bench and watches some children playing. She is
text: alone. She takes an apple from her purse and starts to
text: eat it slowly. Again, in the park we see her from the
text: point of view of someone watching her unseen.
scene_heading: 17. MADRID. THE VICINITY OF JULIETA’S HOUSE 3. EXT.
speaker_heading: NIGHTFALL.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: At dusk she returns to her new apartment, weary. She
dialog: has walked all day.
text: From a nearby corner someone sees her opening the door
text: of the building where she lives. He looks up at the
text: windows on the second floor until he sees the light go
dialog: on.
text: The man lurking there is none other than Lorenzo.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 18. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. INT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: The windows are still bare. The bareness is general.
text: The absence of furniture makes her solitude even more
text: obvious. We can still see some unopened boxes of books.
dialog: She now has a table where she can write. And a good
text: chair that supports her back. And a table lamp. In the
text: background, on a sideboard, we see four small framed
text: photos. With her parents, with Xoan, with Ava and with
text: Lorenzo. There are two pictures on the wall.
text: Set out on the table are two jars with pencils and
dialog: markers and the hard-backed Italian notebook. We also
dialog: see the photo which had been torn into a thousand
text: pieces and is now stuck back together like a jigsaw
text: puzzle. It’s the first time it appears. In the photo
text: Julieta is posing with the adolescent Antia. A photo
text: crisscrossed with scars.
text: The shelves are full of books. There is more than
text: enough space for a woman on her own.
text: Julieta looks at the torn, reconstructed photo. She
text: touches it with her fingertips. And she starts to
dialog: write:
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: Dear Antia,
text: She stops. How to continue? She takes a deep breath.
text: She looks at her daughter in the patched-up photo.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I’m going to tell you everything I
dialog: didn’t have a chance to tell you,
dialog: because you were a child, because
dialog: it was too painful for me or
dialog: simply out of shame.
text: She stops. She looks around with tear-filled eyes,
text: searching for the words. She continues.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: But you’re not a child anymore.
dialog: Beatriz told me that you have
dialog: children of your own, three, no
dialog: 19.
dialog: 20.
dialog: less. You’re a grown woman, and a
dialog: mother!
dialog: Where do I begin?... (She decides)
dialog: I’l1ll tell you about your father.
dialog: When you asked me how I met him, I
dialog: told you it was on a train, but I
dialog: didn’t tell you everything.
scene_heading: THIRTY YEARS BEFORE. EXT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
dialog: (Somewhere between Galicia and Madrid) Before it
text: appears, we hear the sound of the train over the last
dialog: written words (we hear these in the voice of mature-
dialog: Julieta, that is, played by the actress with whom the
text: story begins in 2016. The voiceover is always by the
dialog: mature actress).
text: The train goes through a wooded area.
scene_heading: TRAIN. SLEEPING CAR APARTMENT. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
dialog: (Actress Young Juliet)
text: The voiceover is heard over a close-up of Julieta,
text: sitting next to the train window, with a book in her
text: hands. She looks at the window as if her own voice, 30
text: years later, were coming to her through the glass.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I was 25. It was a very unpleasant
dialog: night and there was a lot of
dialog: wind.”
text: Suddenly, a tree branch, carried along by the wind,
text: comes hurtling out of the darkness and slams violently
text: against the outside of the window, as if trying to
text: break through it; the branch clings to the window for a
text: moment and then disappears, torn away by the same wind,
text: like a warning from nature.
text: Julieta looks up from her book, startled by the sudden
text: appearance of the phantom branch. Through the window we
text: can see a wooded countryside and, reflected on the
text: inside of the glass, the legs of a man who comes into
text: the compartment at that moment and stands in front of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SAD MAN
dialog: Is this seat free?
text: It’s obvious that the seat is free. There is no one
dialog: else in the compartment, nor are there any cases to be
text: seen. Julieta nods, still startled by the branch
text: hitting the window. The man places a leather bag on the
text: luggage net, takes off his overcoat and folds it
text: meticulously. He places the coat beside him and sits
text: down across from Julieta.
text: He’s wearing a sad suit that is too big for him, as if
text: he had lost weight in the last months. He’s wearing a
text: black polo neck sweater and glasses. He isn’t a very
text: attractive man in general, his skin is pitted, as if
text: marked by smallpox, his expression is as sad as his
dialog: appearance.
text: Julieta feels instantly repelled by him, apprehensive,
dialog: she doesn’t want to be infected by his sadness. She
text: looks back at her _ book, an essay titled “Greek
text: Tragedy”. The sad man tries to hide his sadness by
text: appearing sweet and friendly, even beseeching. He tries
text: to strike up a conversation.
speaker_heading: SAD MAN
dialog: That branch was really amazing.
text: Julieta nods slightly.
speaker_heading: SAD MAN
dialog: Did it scare you?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes, it did.
text: And she looks down at her book again, in a polite
dialog: gesture of rejection. Best to discourage him from the
text: start. But the amiable intruder doesn’t give up.
speaker_heading: SAD MAN
dialog: Are you traveling alone?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAD MAN
dialog: When I saw you on your own I
dialog: thought... That’s good, we can keep
dialog: each other company.
dialog: 21.
dialog: 22.
dialog: Julieta isn’t interested in the offer. All she wants is
text: to carry on reading and the man facing her is
text: preventing her from concentrating. She’s uncomfortable,
text: she looks sternly at him. The man senses the rejection
text: and blinks, confused and sad.
speaker_heading: SAD MAN
dialog: You don’t want to talk.. What a
dialog: pity!
text: He says the last words to himself. He suddenly seems
text: depressed. Julieta puts an end to the conversation by
text: standing up.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Excuse me, I have to go out.
text: The man looks at her sadly. Or perhaps he doesn’t dare
text: look at her, sunk in his own sadness.
scene_heading: TRAIN. TRAIN CORRIDOR, NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: Julieta comes out of the compartment. Before walking
text: along the corridor she takes a last look at him. The
text: man watches her leave the compartment.
text: In the corridor, she sees two women sitting in the next
text: compartment. The two women look at her too. Julieta
text: heads for the dining car as if fleeing from those
dialog: glances.
scene_heading: TRAIN. DINING CAR. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: It’s cold. In her hurry, Julieta forgot to take her
text: coat. For the moment, she doesn’t miss it. The windows
text: here are much bigger than in the compartment. There is
text: just one customer, Xoan, with his back to her, looking
text: out, absorbed, at the views through the large windows.
text: A snow-covered landscape.
text: At that moment, a stag crosses the surface of the
text: frozen countryside. It is running diagonally, towards
text: the train, with no fear of being run over. He’s a
text: magnificent specimen, with a brown and silver coat. Set
text: against the white surface of the countryside, he looks
dialog: 23.
text: like the illustration of a child’s horror story. A
text: hypnotic vision. Julieta comes up and looks in
text: astonishment through the window at the stag running
text: through the snow. Aware that Julieta is standing behind
text: him, Xoan speaks without looking at her.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: I hope he doesn’t get too close to
dialog: the train.
text: He’s talking about the stag.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
text: He isn’t afraid of the train. He’s
text: looking for a female. He smells
text: her in the air.
text: Xoan finally notices her. While they look out at the
text: running stag, Julieta and the stranger Xoan feel
text: mysteriously connected. The couple have become part of
text: the harmony of the landscape: the frozen countryside, a
text: stag with a silvery coat running to meet his beloved,
text: and in the foreground a man and woman watching him,
dialog: entranced.
scene_heading: TRAIN. DINING CAR. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Holding out his hand) I’m Xoan.
text: Julieta takes his hand.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Julieta.
text: Julieta still has her book in her hand.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Would you like to have a drink?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: All right.
text: A waiter comes up, Julieta asks for tea.
text: The dining car has the colors and atmosphere of Edward
text: Hopper’s cafes/diners.
text: Xoan is a strong man, his face weathered by the wind
text: and the sun. He has more wrinkles than he should have
text: at his age. A solid, attractive man, with a disarming
text: smile, who gives off an air of confidence and natural
dialog: authority. He is ten years older than Julieta, that is,
text: thirty five. Xoan is the opposite of the man she has
text: just left in her compartment. He doesn’t hide his
dialog: interest in Julieta.
scene_heading: 24. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. THE
speaker_heading: PRESENT.
speaker_heading: 2016. SPRING
text: Julieta is still writing to her daughter Antia.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: Xoan told me that he was called
dialog: Xoan and I told him I was Julieta.
dialog: He told me he was married and that
text: Ana, his wife, had been in a coma
dialog: for five years.
scene_heading: 25. TRAIN. DINING CAR. SEEN FROM THE EXTERIOR.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: Julieta and Xoan are drinking something while they
text: talk. The white lunar landscape is reflected in the
text: glass. They are alone in the dining car. We don’t hear
text: what they’re saying. Mature Julieta recounts it in
text: voiceover.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I told him I was teaching
dialog: Classical Philology, standing in
dialog: for a teacher who was ill. Xoan
dialog: told me that he was a fisherman
dialog: and he had three gamelas. He was
dialog: going to Madrid to buy an engine
dialog: for one of them. He had lived all
text: his life by the sea, in the house
dialog: his grandfather had bought when he
dialog: came from Cuba.
scene_heading: 26. TRAIN ENTERING THE STATION. EXT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: The train slows down until it stops in the station of a
dialog: 27.
text: town. The station is at one side of the train. There is
text: snow everywhere, except on the platforms, protected by
dialog: shelters.
text: Three or four passengers, all wrapped up, get on the
text: train. It is pitch black. Only the station chief and
text: the switchman are left on the platform.
scene_heading: TRAIN STATION. INT. DINING CAR. NIGHT
speaker_heading: 1985. WINTER
dialog: We hear off screen:
speaker_heading: TRAIN CONDUCTOR (OFF)
dialog: Ten minute stop!
text: Xoan stands up.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Do you feel like stretching your
dialog: legs a bit?
dialog: Julieta would love to accompany him, but she left her
text: coat on her seat, across from the sad man and she
dialog: doesn’t feel like going back there for it.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m not really dressed for the
dialog: weather. Thank you.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: See you later.
text: And he leaves the carriage. Julieta watches him
dialog: disappear.
text: A blast of cold air sneaks through the door when Xoan
text: opens it.
dialog: Julieta would like to get her coat but she doesn’t want
text: to meet the man with the pitted skin again. Consciously
text: or not, she stays in the dining car waiting for Xoan to
text: come back. She tries to concentrate on her book while
text: she drinks her tea. The title of the book, “Greek
text: Tragedy” by Albin Lesky, appears at the bottom of the
text: frame, as if giving the name to what is very shortly
dialog: going to happen.
dialog: Cut.
dialog: 28.
dialog: 29.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: STATION. EXTERIOR TRAIN. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: The train slowly sets off again.
scene_heading: TRAIN. ENGINE DRIVER’S CAB. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: We see the same action from inside the cab of the
text: train. The driver starts the engine.
scene_heading: TRAIN. DINING CAR. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: Julieta, sitting at the same table, is still reading.
text: In the background there are two more people. We see
text: through the dining car windows that the train has
text: started to move. Julieta looks over at the carriage
text: door, waiting for Xoan to appear.
scene_heading: BACK TO 29. TRAIN. ENGINE DRIVER’S CAB. INT. NIGHT.
dialog: 31.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: The engine driver sees something unexpected on the
text: tracks and rapidly hits the red brake button. He looks
dialog: shaken.
scene_heading: TRAIN. EXT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER. SIMULTANEOUSLY.
text: We see in close-up the train wheels suddenly braking,
text: screeching and sending up sparks.
scene_heading: TRAIN. SLEEPING CAR 2. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER. SIMULTANEOUSLY.
text: Inside the compartment next to Julieta’s, two bags fall
text: on top of the two women sitting in there. One woman is
text: hit on the head.
scene_heading: TRAIN. DINING CAR. INT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER. SIMULTANEOUSLY.
dialog: 34.
dialog: 35.
text: In the dining car, the inertia of braking causes
text: Julieta to fall across the table. The cup of tea slides
text: along the surface and falls to the floor.
text: The braking catches the waiter unawares with his tray
text: in one hand as he’s serving some customers. With his
text: legs widespread, he tries to keep his balance, but the
text: cups and glasses fall to floor and break. The bottles
text: and glasses in the bar accompany the general commotion,
text: jumping around on their shelves.
scene_heading: TRAIN. DINING CAR. INT./EXT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: The train finally stops brusquely. Julieta leaves the
text: dining car and heads for her coach and compartment.
scene_heading: TRAIN. CORRIDOR. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: The two women from the compartment next to hers come
text: out into the corridor, complaining.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
dialog: What happened?
text: Woman 2 is holding her hands up to her head.
text: A young man also comes out into the corridor.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
text: The train has stopped.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 2
dialog: Why? And so suddenly?!
text: The train conductor appears at the far end of the
text: corridor and walks quickly up to the women and the
text: young man (hiding his fear, so as not to alarm them).
text: Behind him, a drunken, disheveled passenger (Man A)
text: sticks his head out the door of his compartment. The
text: drunk looks at the little group.
speaker_heading: TRAIN CONDUCTOR
dialog: Don’t worry, it’s nothing. We’ve
dialog: just stopped.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
dialog: Well, a bag fell on my head and
dialog: nearly killed me...
text: Julieta appears at the other end of the corridor and
text: walks uneasily up to the group.
text: Simultaneously Man A (drunk and disheveled) comes out
text: of his compartment, followed by his wife, a woman with
text: large shoulder pads and an uncouth voice. They join the
text: group formed by the young man, the train conductor, the
text: two women and Julieta.
speaker_heading: MAN A
dialog: Did we hit something? I saw a stag
text: running beside the train.
speaker_heading: TRAIN CONDUCTOR
dialog: (Rejecting this) No, what an idea!
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
dialog: I saw it too...
text: Julieta remembers the magnificent animal and her heart
dialog: sinks to think that it may have been run over by the
dialog: train.
speaker_heading: TRAIN CONDUCTOR
dialog: (Firmly) Please go back to your
dialog: seats and don’t block the
dialog: corridor!
text: The young man obeys.
text: Julieta, beside the women from the compartment next to
dialog: hers.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: WOMAN 2
dialog: The train braked so hard a_ bag
dialog: fell on top of me!
speaker_heading: TRAIN CONDUCTOR
dialog: (To Julieta) The train will be
text: starting up again right away.
dialog: Please, go back to your seats.
text: At the other end of the corridor, the drunk man’s wife
text: is trying to persuade him to go back into their
text: compartment, but the drunk is protesting, he wants a
dialog: commotion.
text: The train conductor goes in the direction from which
text: Julieta was coming, towards the dining car.
scene_heading: 36. TRAIN, CORRIDOR. JULIETA AND THE TWO WOMEN. INT.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER. CONT.
text: Julieta looks into her compartment from the corridor,
text: where she is standing beside the two women. She sees
text: that her case has only slid along the net where she had
text: left it. However the sad man’s bag has fallen to the
text: floor. The overcoat is still where he left it. Julieta
text: notices that the man isn’t there.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Have you seen the man who was
dialog: sitting here?
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
text: The one with glasses and the black
dialog: polo neck sweater?
scene_heading: 37. TRAIN. JULIETA’S COMPARTMENT/CORRIDOR. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER. CONT.
text: Julieta nods and goes into her compartment with her
text: book in her hand.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
dialog: I saw him in the corridor. He must
dialog: be around somewhere.
text: She leaves the book on her seat and picks up the
text: leather bag from the floor. She is surprised that
text: despite its considerable size the bag doesn’t weigh
text: anything. She puts it on the seat across from her,
dialog: intrigued.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 2
dialog: When we stopped he got down onto
dialog: the platform. I saw him walking
dialog: through the snow. He didn’t have a
dialog: coat, that’s why I noticed him. I
dialog: think he was drunk.
dialog: 38.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
dialog: He’s probably still wandering
dialog: around the station, that’s why
dialog: we’ve stopped.
text: Julieta looks out the window and sees the train
text: conductor running through the snow towards the engine
text: cab. She has the feeling that something serious has
dialog: happened.
text: Julieta looks inquisitively at the leather bag in front
text: of her, as if it were a living being. She hears the two
text: women going back to their compartment. Finally no one
text: is looking at her. She gets up and gives way to the
text: temptation of opening the bag. She opens the zip and
text: separates the two sides. To her surprise she discovers
text: that there is nothing inside. The bag is totally empty.
text: She goes out to the corridor, intrigued, and walks in
text: the opposite direction to the dining car.
text: We see this from outside, through the corridor windows.
text: She goes to one of the doors leading to the platform.
scene_heading: TRAIN STATION. EXT. NIGHT. CONT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: Julieta appears at the door leading to the platform.
text: From there she can see a small group of men coming back
text: from the cab of the train, crossing the dark, snowy
text: ground. At first she can only make out the silhouette
text: of the group as it moves. Gradually she can make out
text: the men and finally she can see that they’re carrying a
text: stretcher. Xoan and the train conductor are among them.
text: They are all serious and somber. It looks like a
text: funeral cortege.
text: From where she is (at the train door), Julieta can’t
text: make out what is on the stretcher. Whatever it is, it’s
text: covered by blankets. Pale from apprehension, she jumps
text: down onto the platform, her feet sink into the snow.
text: She runs, coatless, towards the group.
text: As soon as he sees her, Xoan goes over to her to
text: prevent her getting closer to the group.
scene_heading: TRAIN STATION. EXT. NIGHT. CONT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: What are you doing here! Get back
dialog: on the train! You’1l catch
dialog: pneumonia!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Uneasy) What are you carrying on
dialog: the stretcher?
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Is it the stag?
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: No! Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Horrified) Then it’s a man...?!
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Pleading) Come on, get on the
dialog: train!
text: Julieta can see in Xoan’s eyes that she’s right. The
text: cortege is transporting a dead man. Juliet’s eyes shine
text: damply in the dark.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Horrified) Oh! It’s him! That’s
dialog: why we’ve stopped.. (She looks at
text: him intensely in search of
text: confirmation) A man with a black
dialog: sweater and glasses...
text: Xoan doesn’t contradict her, but neither does he
text: confirm it. Julieta bursts into tears. He pulls her
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Fatherly) Get on the train,
dialog: please!
text: Xoan puts his arms round her, to protect her from the
text: cold, and puts her on the train. Julieta takes a last
text: look at the funeral cortege which is now arriving at
dialog: the station building.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 40. TRAIN. JULIETA’S COMPARTMENT. INT. OF MOVING TRAIN.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: During the ellipsis between the two sequences, Julieta
text: has been crying.
text: Sitting where she had been seated earlier, she is
text: blowing her nose and drying her eyes.
text: Xoan is sitting across from her, in the dead man’s
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: He was sitting there, where you
dialog: are now.
text: Xoan listens to her in silence, an understanding,
text: reassuring silence, like someone listening to a child
text: who is making a drama out of an unimportant problem.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: He wanted to talk, but... I was
dialog: bothered by the way he was looking
dialog: at me and I ran out of here.. How
dialog: was I to know he was feeling so
dialog: awful!
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Serious) Any girl would have done
dialog: the same...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Reproaching herself) I should
dialog: have realized!
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Tenderly) Don’t torture yourself.
dialog: He would still have killed
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Why was he carrying an empty
dialog: suitcase?
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: I don’t know. (Explaining) He
dialog: didn’t want to attract attention.
dialog: He had it all planned before he
dialog: got on the train. No one kills
dialog: 41.
dialog: himself because a pretty girl
text: doesn’t want to talk to him.
text: Julieta is still upset, but Xoan’s presence is more
text: powerful than the idea of death. They exchange knowing
text: looks, not without desire.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: TRAIN. JULIETA’S COMPARTMENT. INT. OF MOVING TRAIN.
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: The scant light in the compartment is coming through
text: the window. Xoan and Julieta are lying in their
text: parallel seat-beds and facing head to toe. They are
text: alone. Julieta has her back to Xoan, she is awake and
text: tense. Xoan is lying facing her. His eyes run along her
text: legs, her ass and her waist. They are barely inches
dialog: from each other.
dialog: To get into that position: the bottom of the seat
text: slides forward and the back reclines, legs rest on the
text: opposite seat. The result is a kind of articulated bed
text: in three parts. In this way, the six seats end up
dialog: becoming three beds.
text: Xoan is lying on the first bed (next to the window) and
text: Julieta on the second (that is, the one in the middle).
text: There are some eight inches between both beds. The
text: bodies are clothed and they don’t even graze each other
text: but they feel their closeness multiplied. Xoan changes
text: his position, he lies totally parallel to Julieta. That
text: is, with his head lined up with hers. He lays his head
text: on the armrest. Julieta is breathing unsteadily. Xoan
text: strokes her waist. Julieta turns, she no longer has her
text: back to him.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I can’t sleep.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Neither can I.
text: And they kiss with intense pleasure.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: MOVING TRAIN. JULIETA’S COMPARTMENT. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: A shot of the window, we only see the edges. The night
text: landscape is racing past, in the opposite direction,
text: through areas that are dark greys and greens, not snow
text: covered. The only light coming into the compartment is
text: from the window. The glass reflects the couple, inside
text: the compartment making love voraciously. It seems that
text: the fleeting countryside is reflected on the lovers’
text: skin. The vegetation closes to the train increases the
dialog: feeling of flight.
text: Two young bodies, half dressed, escaping from the idea
dialog: of death.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 43. MADRID. HOUSE 3. ANOTHER STREET. EXT.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: In the present, Julieta, aged 56, is walking through
dialog: the streets of Madrid, through the places that remind
text: her of her daughter. She walks slowly. She isn’t going
text: anywhere in particular. She looks at everyone she
text: passes, with close, friendly attention. Lorenzo is
text: watching her without being seen.
text: Julieta wants to make herself visible, and Lorenzo,
text: invisible. (She is seen from a distance, at times
text: hidden by cars, or passers-by)
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 44 AND 44A. MADRID. INT. AND EXT. “ESTUDIO” SCHOOL.
speaker_heading: ARAVACA.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: INSIDE A CLASSROOM IN THE SCHOOL.
text: It is year 85 of the last century. Julieta is dressed
text: like a modern girl of that time, hair dyed platinum
text: blonde in a spiky style, short leather skirt and a
dialog: blouse. She is probably the most seductive teacher in
dialog: the school.
text: The classroom is full of adolescents. Julieta finishes
text: writing three words in Greek on the blackboard:
dialog: Thalassa, Hals and Pontos.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
text: (With her back turned as she
dialog: writes) The three words mean “sea”
dialog: in Greek.
text: She turns to the pupils.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Pontos is sea and high sea. And it
dialog: refers to the sea as a road, the
dialog: road to adventure. That is why
dialog: Ulysses is the maritime hero par
dialog: excellence.
text: Julieta is a very affable teacher, who speaks to the
text: pupils as if they were her equals and teaches them
dialog: classical literature as something that is alive. She
dialog: makes them participate continuously
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: For example, when Ulysses arrives
dialog: on Calypso’s island, exhausted
text: after a shipwreck, the nymph
dialog: Calypso who was unbelievably
dialog: beautiful... Marcos, who do you
dialog: think is the most beautiful woman?
text: Julieta goes over to the pupil’s desk. Marcos is a very
text: handsome boy, aware of his attractiveness and therefore
dialog: sure of himself.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: You.
text: Laughter from his classmates.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: That doesn’t count because I’m the
dialog: teacher, and it isn’t right for
dialog: the teacher to have sex with the
dialog: pupils. Come on, tell me someone
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: Kim Basinger.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Really lovely, much prettier than me.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER PUPIL
dialog: Angela Molina.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: She’s beautiful too. Well, the
dialog: goddess Calypso was like Kim
dialog: Basinger and Angela Molina
dialog: together. And she offered Ulysses
dialog: everything you can imagine. Now,
dialog: Diego.
text: She turns to another pupil.
dialog: More
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Tell me something that she offered
dialog: him, something really important.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (With an Estremaduran accent) Her
dialog: body.
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: That’s the first thing. But also...
dialog: something we all dream about?
speaker_heading: MALE PUPIL
dialog: Eternal youth.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Exactly, and immortality. Yet
dialog: Ulysses refused it and set out to
dialog: sea, facing endless dangers. Which
dialog: of the three meanings would you
dialog: choose to speak of the sea that
dialog: Ulysses yearned for?
speaker_heading: FEMALE PUPIL
dialog: Thalassa!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Charming) Nooo.
scene_heading: ANOTHER FEMALE PUPIL
dialog: Pontos.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: That’s it, pontos! The sea, the
dialog: high sea, the road to adventure
dialog: and the unknown.
dialog: 45.
dialog: 46.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: “ESTUDIO” SCHOOL. CORRIDOR. INT. DAY.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: Julieta is walking along a corridor, she passes a few
text: pupils or teachers. She greets them as she passes.
text: She stops at the door to the principal’s office. She
text: knocks and a voice tells her to come in.
scene_heading: “ESTUDIO” SCHOOL. PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE. INT. DAY.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: The principal invites her to sit in the armchair across
text: from her, on the other side of the desk.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Mrs. Martinez will be coming back
dialog: next week, so.. your substitution
dialog: time will be over.
text: Julieta nods.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: I want you to know that we are
dialog: very happy with your work. We’ve
dialog: never had such attendance at the
dialog: classical literature class.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Thank you. I’ve enjoyed these six
dialog: months very much.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: I’m glad.
text: Julieta goes to stand up.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Wait... This letter arrived for you.
text: The principal takes a letter from one of her desk
text: drawers and hands it to Julieta. Julieta looks at the
dialog: name of the sender, Xoan Feijoo, and his full address
text: in Redes, a town in Corunna.
dialog: 47.
dialog: 48.
text: She looks at the principal inquiringly. She turns the
text: envelope over and sees that it’s addressed to her
dialog: although it only has her Christian name, no surname,
dialog: and the name of the school.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Is it for you, Julieta?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes, yes.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: I thought so. We have no other
dialog: Julieta.
scene_heading: “ESTUDIO” SCHOOL. EXIT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: Adolescents and children are entering and leaving the
dialog: building. Parents accompany them or come to collect
text: them. The usual movement around the school.
text: Julieta has Xoan’s letter in her hand. She reads it as
text: she walks.
speaker_heading: XOAN (OFF)
dialog: Dear Julieta, I don’t know if
dialog: you’ re still working at the
dialog: school. I hope so because it’s the
dialog: only address I’ve got for you...
scene_heading: TRAIN. SPRING LANDSCAPE. INT. AND EXT. CONT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: Inside the compartment, Julieta is looking out the
text: window at the spring landscape. We hear the contents of
text: the letter which Julieta is holding in her hands as if
dialog: it were a ticket or a passport.
speaker_heading: XOAN (OFF)
dialog: I think of you so much. I can’t
dialog: get that night on the train out of
dialog: my head.
text: Julieta’s breathing is unsteady from excitement. She
text: puts her hand to her stomach.
speaker_heading: XOAN (OFF)
dialog: 49.
dialog: 50.
dialog: Ana is still the same, or worse.
dialog: Even though I was only away for
dialog: two days, when I got back she
dialog: looked worse. When you’re here all
dialog: the time you don’t realize.
dialog: I didn’t go fishing today, that’s
dialog: why I’m writing to you. The sea is
dialog: very choppy and there’ll be a
dialog: storm this afternoon.
scene_heading: REDES. TAXI. INT./EXT. DAY. CONT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: A taxi is driving along a street in Redes, a Galician
text: town on the coast.
speaker_heading: XOAN (OFF)
dialog: I’d like to see you appearing
text: through the rain, looking for a
dialog: place to shelter, and that that
dialog: place were my home.
text: Julieta is in a local taxi. She has very little
text: luggage, a medium-sized bag.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. DAY. CONT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: When we finish hearing Xoan’s voiceover, the taxi drops
text: her in front of a two-storied house whose facade is
text: mainly a smoky grey color. The house has a modernist
text: influence. The door is arch shaped, of shotcrete.
text: Before reaching the front door, there is an area with
text: terracotta colored tiles, demarcated by a concrete
text: fence that has a border on its upper part. A white
text: fence. The sea can be seen behind the house. It is a
text: very different construction from the other houses along
dialog: the street. Really they are all different from each
dialog: other.
text: Even though it isn’t raining, Julieta incorporates the
text: fisherman’s epistolary desire. There she is, in front
text: of his house, opening the gate. There’s a reddish-brown
text: dog at the gate, jumping around and barking. He goes
text: straight up to Julieta when she approaches the front
text: door. He’s a sturdy pup who could easily knock her to
text: the ground, but he just wants to play. She rings the
dialog: bell.
text: A woman comes out of the house. She shouts at the
dialog: animal.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Cinnamon!
text: Julieta strokes the dog which reacts with delight.
text: Mariana is 50 year old Galician woman, weather-beaten,
dialog: broad and reserved.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Cinnamon! Don’t be a nuisance!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Hello!
text: Marian looks her up and down. She is one of those women
dialog: who are proud of themselves and don’t hide the fact
dialog: that they’re judging you. She doesn’t like the look of
dialog: Julieta.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I think you’re late. The funeral
dialog: was yesterday.
text: Julieta doesn’t understand what she means. She looks at
text: her, bewildered.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: But come in, if you want, and have
dialog: some coffee. I’m Marian, I take
dialog: care of the house.
text: Julieta accepts the invitation, upset by the news that
text: someone has died and has already been buried.
text: They walk through a large entrance hall which
text: communicates with the rest of the house by a door.
text: Seascapes and the oil portrait of a woman from another
text: era hang on the walls.
text: Marian is a hard woman, in every sense, and quite ugly.
text: Her eyes are of different colors, her hair has a small,
text: casual curl, she makes no effort to be pleasant, just
text: the opposite. She behaves as if she owns the house. She
text: prejudges Julieta with contempt, she thinks she is some
text: easy conquest of Xoan’s. And it shows. She has invited
text: her in to be able to confirm it.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. DAY.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: Julieta follow hers into the house. On a sideboard near
text: the entrance is the figure of a boat painted indigo
text: blue. It catches her attention. She looks at the piece
dialog: with an expert eye.
text: The two women walk from the front door to the kitchen,
text: crossing the entrance and a hallway.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: When did you meet Ana?
text: Julieta breathes more easily. It’s Ana who is dead.
dialog: Xoan is fine.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Ana? I didn’t know her.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: That’s what I thought, because Ana
dialog: hadn’t been out of here in the
dialog: last six years.
text: They go into the kitchen. The kitchen looks out on the
text: sea through three enormous windows. The sea fills the
text: kitchen and Julieta’s eyes.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Dazzled) Oh! The sea!
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: It’s very striking the first time,
dialog: isn’t it? Sit down.
text: Julieta obeys and sits at the table in the middle of
text: the kitchen. Marian, with her back to her, serves her
text: coffee on the kitchen worktop. There are lots of
text: Sargadelos cups and plates.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: So, you’ve come to see Xoan.
text: Julieta nods and makes a vague sound. She had thought
dialog: of making some excuse, that she was passing through,
dialog: that she was going to visit a friend who lives in the
text: area, but at the last minute she decides not to. It
dialog: would be like admitting Marian’s superiority.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I don’t think he’ll be back
dialog: tonight, he’s with Ava.
text: Marian looks at her to see how she reacts. She offers
text: her some cakes which Julieta refuses even though she’s
text: hungry. She only accepts the coffee.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Do you know Ava?
text: Julieta shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
text: She does ceramics and sculptures.
text: Julieta supposes that the sculpture at the entrance,
text: the blue boat, must be by her.
text: Maria sits across the table from Julieta. As if
text: guessing what Julieta is thinking.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Ava and Ana were good friends,
dialog: when Ana was still able to talk or
dialog: she could listen. The poor woman
dialog: was like a vegetable, and a man
text: needs a woman, (She looks at her
dialog: blatantly) but it’s not for me to
dialog: criticize Xoan.
text: Julieta is listening to Marian with her empty coffee
text: cup in her hands.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: More coffee?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Then give me the cup and I’11 wash
dialog: it.
text: She takes the cup, stands up and goes over to the work
text: top. She runs the water while she asks:
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, what are you going to do?
dialog: You can still catch the eight
text: o’clock bus. It passes near here,
text: in the square.
text: Julieta doesn’t react, she just looks at her watch.
text: There are almost three hours to go.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: You can come home with me and then
dialog: my husband will take you to the
dialog: bus.
text: She goes to get her jacket which is hanging on a hook.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m tired. I’d rather wait here
dialog: if you don’t mind.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (Scandalized) Where?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
text: Right there, in the entrance hall.
text: Marian thinks it’s forward of her, and rash.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: On your own?
text: She considers in silence what Julieta’s relationship
dialog: with Xoan might be if she speaks like that. She thinks
dialog: that perhaps it would be presumptuous of her to throw
text: out a real friend of her boss.
text: From the first moment, the meeting between Marian and
text: Julieta is a confrontation, a struggle for domestic
text: power, although it’s senseless and is too soon.
text: Marian gives way, although she doesn’t hide her
dialog: disapproval and how little she trusts Julieta. She
text: picks up her jacket and purse. She changes tactic, she
text: speaks in a friendly tone.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I’d stay with you, but I can’t.
dialog: I’ve neglected my husband these
dialog: last days.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: Marian hates her at that moment. She recognizes that
dialog: Juliet has been the winner in that first duel. In the
dialog: entrance hall:
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (Annoyed) Well, anyway, Cinnamon
dialog: will stay with you.
text: Julieta sits in one of the ugly armchairs in the
text: entrance hall.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Be careful not to fall asleep and
dialog: miss the bus, eh? I’1l call you on
dialog: the phone, just in case.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: You needn’t bother.
text: At the door:
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I’11 call you.
text: And she leaves the house. Julieta relaxes. The dog
text: comes up to her, ready to play, and she welcomes it,
text: delighted. She is alone, in Xoan’s house.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 52. REDES. FACADE XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. DARKEST NIGHT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: All we can hear is the murmur of the sea and the
text: barking of a distant dog. Xoan gets out of a van. He
text: opens the front door and goes into the entrance hall.
text: Silence reigns in the house. The lights in the entrance
text: hall, the kitchen and the hallway are out.
scene_heading: 53. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. HALLWAY/XOAN’S ROOM. INT. EARLY
scene_heading: MORNING. CONT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: He looks towards the far end of the house. Silence.
text: Everything is neat and tidy. Xoan walks along the
text: hallway to the door of his bedroom. He opens it very
text: slowly and stands in the doorway, enjoying what he
dialog: sees.
text: Julieta is lying sleeping in the leather armchair.
text: There is a little lamp lit on a low side table. The
text: light bounces off the wall and softly illuminates
text: Julieta’s seated figure. The dog is sleeping beside her
text: on the floor. Xoan doesn’t want to disturb that image
text: and he doesn’t turn on the overhead light. Everything
text: that isn’t the sleeping Julieta remains in semi-
dialog: darkness.
text: He walks quietly over to the armchair so as not to wake
text: her. He takes her in his arms and carries her to the
text: bed. Juliet opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Murmuring) Don’t wake up...
text: Julieta is in a rush to explain.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I got your letter and I came.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Shhh.
text: Xoan suggests sweetly that she shouldn’t speak. He lays
text: her on the bed. The two start to undress quickly, as if
dialog: they only had a few minutes. Julieta does everything
text: lying on the bed. She unbuttons her blouse. Xoan helps
text: her to pull it over her head. He devours her mouth.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I never thought that your wife...
text: Xoan doesn’t let her finish, he devours her mouth and
dialog: her words.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Don’t think about that now.
text: Xoan, sitting on the edge of the bed, continues to
text: undress. Julieta, her torso naked, embraces him from
text: behind. She runs her mouth across his back, from
text: shoulder to shoulder, interrupting the kisses to bite
text: him and smell him. She looks for the scent of another
text: woman, the scent of the unknown Ava. But she doesn’t
text: find it. Xoan only smells of the sea.
dialog: Cut.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: DAY
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. THE NEXT MORNING. KITCHEN. INT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: Xoan comes out of the bedroom, half asleep. He finds
text: Julieta busy in the kitchen, he pauses to enjoy looking
text: at her. Her hair is tied up and her legs are bare. She
text: is only wearing a shirt of Xoan’s that is too big for
text: her. She is chewing greedily on a local cake while she
text: fixes breakfast. (The same cakes Marian offered her
dialog: when she arrived and which she refused)
text: Julieta smiles at him as if she’s been caught red-
text: handed. But she can hardly speak, her mouth is full.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: These cakes are delicious!
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: They’ re typical of here.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m making breakfast, I was
dialog: hungry.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Me too. Is there anything for me?
text: He embraces her from behind. They play at kissing and
text: eating cakes at the same time. Everything shows that
dialog: the previous night was a memorable night for both of
dialog: them.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. DAY. CONT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: They are having breakfast in the kitchen. Facing each
text: other across the kitchen table. They are both half-
text: dressed. Julieta, relaxed, is continuing with the
text: apologies that she couldn’t finish the night before.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: When I got your letter I took it
dialog: as an invitation to visit you.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Smiling) That was my intention.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I never imagined that your wife
dialog: had died. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Serious) It was for the best.
dialog: That wasn’t living.
text: Julieta nods, but Xoan wants to change the subject.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Marian rang to tell me she’d left
dialog: you here, waiting for the bus, but
dialog: she wasn’t sure you’d leave.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: She told me you were with a woman.
text: Xoan nods.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Ava, I think.
text: Xoan smiles.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Ava is an old friend. You’ll meet
dialog: her. She’s an artist, like you.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Serious) I’m not an artist. I
dialog: teach classical literature. And
dialog: now, not even that.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Well, I’m sure you’ll like her.
dialog: You’ 11 meet her.
text: Julieta looks at him as if she has just made a
text: decision. She stands up and leaves some plates on the
dialog: worktop.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I think I’1l leave today. I don’t
dialog: really know what I’m doing here.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Fishing. It’s a lovely day. We
dialog: should go fishing!
dialog: 56.
dialog: 57.
text: Julieta smiles and thinks, standing by the worktop,
text: uncertain about what she’1ll do next. Xoan seems to be
text: amused by her doubts. He remains sitting at the table.
text: We hear the dog barking at the door as it greets
dialog: Marian.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. INT. DAY
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: Marian comes into the house. She’s laden with shopping.
text: She arrives in the kitchen and gives Julieta a
text: disapproving look. The worst has happened. Not only did
text: Julieta stay in the house but she slept with Xoan. The
text: fisherman, relaxed and happy, introduces them.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Marian, Julieta, I think you've
dialog: met already.
text: The two women nod.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Leave that, I’1l wash them.
dialog: Marian is about to say “I see you missed the bus”, but
text: she restrains herself. She leaves the bags on the
text: worktop. She speaks, but keeps her back turned on the
dialog: other two.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Is she staying today?
text: Julieta looks at Xoan and decides at that moment. She
text: no longer has any doubts.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (To Marian) We’re going fishing...
scene_heading: MUXIA LIGHTHOUSE. EXT. DAY.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: A long shot of the lighthouse and the rocks which
text: surround it and fill the beach. In the distance, the
dialog: Vilan lighthouse.
dialog: 58.
dialog: 59.
dialog: 60.
text: The waves break against the rocks which are sculpted by
text: the wind and sea. Terracotta-colored granite rocks
dialog: that, over the centuries, have acquired strange shapes,
text: pointed or flat as stone flying saucers. Some rocks
text: have incisions on their surface, fractures, but the
text: pieces still cling together. Rocks with gashes and
dialog: scars.
text: It’s a telluric, original landscape, tense, disturbing,
dialog: very expressive.
text: In the distance, we see one of Xoan’s gamelas on the
dialog: sea.
scene_heading: THE SEA. DAY.
text: A CLOSE-UP OF THE GAMELA IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SEA.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: Xoan and Julieta are entangled in some love play, with
text: the sea as the only witness.
text: To the rhythmic sound of the waves slapping against the
text: wood of the boat, we hear Julieta’s voice. The
text: voiceover continues to be heard over the next sequence.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I didn’t have a job, I wasn’t ina
dialog: hurry. I thought I’d stay for just
dialog: a few days. I had to tell Xoan
dialog: something but I kept putting it
dialog: off. It was a new life, strange
dialog: for a woman who had come from the
dialog: sun, but welcoming. I spent the
dialog: nights flying in Xoan’s arms. I
dialog: felt trapped, and free at the same
dialog: time.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. XOAN’S ROOM. NIGHT.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: Julieta is lying naked on the bed. Xoan, also naked, is
text: sitting in the armchair where he found her. He never
text: tires of looking at her. The image of Xoan looks very
text: like Ava’s sculptures, the series of “seated men”.
scene_heading: REDES. AVA’S STUDIO. INT. DAY.
text: 1985. SPRING.
text: The studio’s interior is very distinctive.
dialog: Ava is a very attractive, interesting woman. Work
text: clothes, untidiness, suit her. Independent, sensual and
text: free, at first sight Ava gives off all those qualities.
text: An organized disorder reigns in the studio. An
text: assortment of materials, photos that she uses as
dialog: sketches, male nudes, pots of different kinds... pieces
text: half made or done in clay before the mold is emptied.
text: Lots of drawings. A few finished pieces. The oven.
text: Julieta is immediately interested in Ava’s sculptural
text: work. Pots and male figures. She goes over to the table
text: where the finished sculptures are. There is a series of
text: seated naked men. They remind us of Xoan’s posture in
text: the previous sequence. Julieta falls in love with one
dialog: of the sculptures.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Can I touch it?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Pick it up, if you want.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Oof! It’s heavy!
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (Smiling) 10 pounds. Be careful.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I thought it was terracotta.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: It’s bronze. At the end I give
text: them a terracotta glaze that’s the
text: color of the rocks next to the
dialog: lighthouse.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Fascinated by the sculpture) It’s
dialog: got such force!
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I try to make the sculptures
dialog: compact, so that the wind can’t
dialog: knock them over. Like the people
dialog: from here. The people from here
dialog: are very tough.
text: Julieta puts the sculpture back on the table
scene_heading: 61. REDES. AVA’S STUDIO. ANOTHER DAY.
text: 1985. SPRING.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I visited Ava frequently. I liked
dialog: to see her working and smoking...
dialog: and she liked me to tell her
dialog: mythological stories, like I did
dialog: with you when you were small.
text: Julieta is having tea and sitting in the armchair in
text: silence while she watches Ava work. The sculptress
text: picks up a handful of clay and starts to mold it. She
text: has a lit cigarette stuck between her lips. She puffs
text: on it from time to time without using her hands.
text: Julieta looks at Ava’s_ hands, covered with mud,
text: carefully molding a figure.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: The gods created man and other
text: beings with the help of clay and
dialog: fire. They gave them the
dialog: attributes they needed for their
dialog: survival. Some were given fur and
dialog: others wings for flying. When it
dialog: was man’s turn, the gods
dialog: discovered that they had no gifts
dialog: left, so man was born naked and
text: defenseless, in the midst of
dialog: nature.
text: Ava listens carefully to her, she had never thought of
dialog: the nakedness and weakness of the first man, and she
text: pities him.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m pregnant, Ava.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: By whom?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: By Xoan, I was pregnant when I
dialog: came from Madrid.
dialog: 62.
dialog: 63.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (Surprised) Ah, does he know?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: No, I don’t want to put pressure
text: on him.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: You have to tell him. Xoan adores
dialog: children.
text: Julieta’s eyes light up.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. DAY.
dialog: 1985. FALL.
text: Xoan comes home after a day’s fishing. Cinnamon is
text: excited and races out to meet him, barking frantically.
text: Before he goes into the house, when he is at the door,
text: he hears a baby’s cry. Xoan disappears into the house
dialog: in a flash. (Consider this)
text: IN THE DARKNESS OF A TUNNEL. AND INSIDE A TRAIN.
scene_heading: 1986. WINTER.
text: The train is going through a tunnel. The voice emerges
text: from the transient darkness. Xoan, Julieta and the
text: baby, two or three months old, are on the train.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: A few months after you were born,
dialog: I took you to your grandparents,
dialog: so they could meet you and meet
dialog: Xoan.
scene_heading: INT. OF TRAIN. EXIT FROM THE TUNNEL.
text: 1988. SPRING (In the change of light, two years have
dialog: passed)
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: Two years later, we visited them
dialog: again. It was urgent, so that mom
dialog: could see you before it was too
dialog: late. Grandpa Samuel had _ taken
dialog: early retirement. He was the town
dialog: schoolteacher, and he gave it up
dialog: to become a farmer. He’d sold the
dialog: 65.
dialog: 66.
dialog: house where I’d grown up = and
dialog: bought another in the country...
text: In the same train, but crossing an exterior landscape,
text: we see Julieta with Antia, two years old. (It’s very
dialog: early, day has just broken)
scene_heading: A RURAL SQUARE IN ANDALUSIA. EXT. DUSK.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: The square of a little Andalusian town. White facades.
text: Trees that offer shade, iron benches, street lamps, a
text: melon seller with his melon stall, one or two gypsy
text: women, little children and one who is 8 years old and
text: is endlessly plowing through the square on his bicycle.
text: Old men who share the benches with other townspeople
text: waiting for the bus. A few terraces with lines of
text: washing, pots of flowers, a neighbor comes out of her
text: house. A colonial style church. The square is a
text: demonstration of the joy, color and light of the south.
text: Samuel and Sanda are sitting on one of the metal
text: benches. He is almost 60, his skin hardened by exposure
text: to the sun. He is overflowing with health. Sanda is
text: young and very beautiful, an olive-skinned Maghrebi
text: woman. They look over at an angle of the frame.
text: The front of the bus appears round a corner by the
dialog: church.
scene_heading: RURAL SQUARE. BESIDE THE CHURCH. EXT. DUSK.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: The bus crosses the frame from left to right, blocking
text: out the square. Relatives of the travelers start to
text: arrive from in front and from behind. The two doors of
text: the bus open. Carlos, 50, gets out of the rear door. As
text: well as his own bag he has Julieta’s backpack. Julieta
text: gets out after Carlos, with the little girl in her
text: arms. She thanks Carlos for his help, just as she is
text: hugged by her father, Samuel, accompanied by Sanaa.
text: Carlos goes off to the left and effusively kisses a
text: woman much younger than he is, probably his wife.
text: Julieta’s group moves away to leave room for other
dialog: travelers getting out and for relatives who have come
dialog: to pick them up. In this way we also isolate them.
text: Samuel picks up the backpack from the ground. He hugs
text: his daughter and his granddaughter, overflowing with
dialog: affection.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (To the little girl) But who have
dialog: we here! She’s got so big! Don’t
dialog: you have a kiss for grandpa?
text: Samuel hugs his daughter and kisses her. In a more
text: adult tone, but happy.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: How was the journey, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Very long! You look so handsome!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You’re the two beauties! Look, I
dialog: want to introduce you to Sanaa.
text: Sanda holds out her hand shyly. Julieta offers her left
text: hand. She’s holding the little girl with her right, so
text: she makes an apologetic gesture.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Have you got a case?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes, a brown one. And the
dialog: pushchair.
text: Sanéa goes over to the bus’s luggage compartment.
text: Around her, the typical hubbub of travelers and
text: relatives. While she talks to her father, Julieta keeps
text: looking at the young Maghrebi woman.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What about mom?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: She’s fine. We’re getting by.
dialog: You’1l see her now. How’s Xoan?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: He couldn’t come. He sends you
text: lots of love. (She lowers her
dialog: voice) And that girl?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: 67.
dialog: That’s Sanaa, the girl I told you
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Puzzled) She’s the woman who
dialog: helps you?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: She looks after your mother and
dialog: helps me out with the land. We
dialog: were really lucky to find her.
text: Sanaa comes back with the case and the pushchair.
text: Samuel gets between Julieta and Sanaa.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Let’s get in the car, it’s right
dialog: here.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CAR. SECONDARY ROAD IN ANDALUSIA. DUSK.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: Samuel is driving, Sanaa is beside him. Julieta and
text: Antia, who is asleep, are in the back seat. The evening
text: light filters through the windows, creating a golden
text: atmosphere in the interior.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Don’t you miss the school?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I don’t have time, what with your
dialog: mother and the land, the days fly
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I never thought you’d retire, much
dialog: less retire early.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: It’s better for us like this. Your
dialog: mother and I always dreamed of
dialog: living in the country.
text: Julieta looks at Sanaa.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Do you speak Spanish, Sanaa?
speaker_heading: SANAA
dialog: (Intimidated) A little...
text: Julieta looks at Sanda as if she were examining her.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Explaining) She speaks it
dialog: beautifully, it’s just that she’s
dialog: a bit shy. We met her eight years
dialog: ago, at the Festival of Ancient
dialog: Music in Fez. She and your mother
dialog: became good friends and we kept in
dialog: touch with her. It’s lucky that
dialog: she’s living with us now.
scene_heading: 68 AND 69. HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. EXT. AND INT. DUSK.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: A house in the country, simpler and smaller than the
text: traditional Andalusian cortijo. The house has an annex
dialog: for storing tools and farming implements. There may
dialog: also be a little hen house. It’s a _ self-sufficient
text: place. From the house we can see the greenhouse, a
text: structure whose roof is covered by a plastic grid. Next
text: to the house there is a small piece of land with
text: trellises and seedbeds. The entrance to the house is
text: protected by a vine that filters the sunlight. The
text: place has an impressionist beauty.
dialog: Julieta, Antia (being carried), Sanaa (with the
text: pushchair) and Samuel, with Julieta’s case, come into
text: the plot and walk towards the porch.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: The house has no luxuries but
dialog: we’ve gained in quality of life.
text: Julieta is carrying Antia. The little girl is tired but
text: for the moment she doesn’t protest and looks all
text: around, interested.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Which is mom’s room?
text: Her father points to a little window, crossed by the
text: trunk of the vine.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
text: That window that looks out on the
dialog: vine.
text: They go into the house. Inside there is a cool,
text: welcoming darkness.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’1l show you the house later.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I want to see mom.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Maybe you’ll be lucky and she’s
dialog: awake.
text: They walk along a hall, all the walls are whitewashed.
scene_heading: 70. HOUSE IN COUNTRY. HALL, DOOR AND SARA’S ROOM. INT.
speaker_heading: DUSK.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: They go up to the door. Samuel takes out a key and
text: unlocks the bedroom door. He conceals his actions with
text: his body but he knows that Julieta can hear the
text: unmistakable sound of the lock turning.
text: Samuel goes inside, Julieta remains in the hall with
text: the child in her arms. From there she hears her father
dialog: murmuring:
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (OFF)
dialog: Sara, Julieta is here.
text: As if it were the first time she’s heard that name.
speaker_heading: SARA (OFF)
dialog: Julieta?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (OFF)
dialog: Yes, Julieta, our daughter.
text: Sara repeats the last thing Samuel says in a neutral
dialog: tone.
speaker_heading: SARA (OFF)
dialog: Our daughter.
text: Julieta is listening to the brief conversation
text: (petrified) in the hall. When she comes into the
text: bedroom, with the child in her arms, she erases all
text: worry from her face, she pretends that she’s heard
dialog: nothing.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Brightly) Hi, mom. We’re here.
text: She bends over to kiss Sara (the woman is in bed, lying
text: back on a pillow), still holding the child.
text: Sara looks at them from a vacuum. She doesn’t recognize
text: them. This breaks Julieta’s heart but she pretends to
dialog: be delighted.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Aren’t you glad to see us? Look,
dialog: this is Antia. You don’t recognize
dialog: her because she’s got so big.
text: Samuel is watching the scene.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’ve prepared the room across the
dialog: hall for you. That way you’re
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: No. I prefer to stay here. I’1l1
dialog: sleep with mom and Antia can sleep
dialog: on that little bed.
text: In one corner there’s a little folding bed.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’ll tell Sanda to change the
text: sheets on the little bed. That’s
text: where she sleeps.
scene_heading: HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. SARA’S BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: Julieta is sleeping in the bed with her mother. They
text: are lying facing each other with their eyes closed. The
text: folding bed has been placed on Julieta’s side. The
text: three generations are sleeping very close to each other
text: in parallel beds.
text: Sara opens her eyes, wakes and discovers Julieta in
text: front of her, inches away. She isn’t scared or
text: startled. She touches her face. The encounter in the
text: same bed is a pleasant surprise. She murmurs:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: 72.
dialog: 73.
dialog: Julieta!
text: Julieta opens her eyes slowly. Despite the darkness she
text: can see that her mother recognizes her. There is life
text: in Sara’s eyes, the opposite to the opacity when they
dialog: arrived.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’ve come to see you. I’ve brought
dialog: Antia.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Antia, my daughter.
text: Julieta sits up and so does her mother. They both lean
text: over and look down at Antia’s little bed. The child is
text: fast asleep. The two women look at her, delighted.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Look at her.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: She’s beautiful!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
text: She’s two years old now.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Two years!
text: She says it with the amazement of someone who is
text: unaware of the measurement of time.
scene_heading: HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. SARA’S ROOM. ANOTHER DAY.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: Julieta is looking out the window.
scene_heading: HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. EXT. DAY.
text: 1988. SPRING.
dialog: 74.
text: She sees Samuel and Sanda working on the plot of land
text: next to the house. They seem to complement each other,
text: they look at ease and happy. Samuel says something and
text: Sanda laughs. The man can’t contain himself and he
text: gives her a quick passionate kiss. Sanda pushes him
text: away gently and scolds him without losing her smile.
text: They don’t suspect that Julieta is looking at them.
scene_heading: HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. EXT. DAY. CONT.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: The vine is projecting patches of light on the white
text: facade of the house. To complete the impressionist
text: scene Julieta, Antia and Sara, the latter a little
text: hesitant, appear at the door. Julieta wants her mother
text: to get fresh air and some sun filtered by the vine.
text: Julieta has put Sara in a dress from the ‘70s which
text: looks impeccable on her. She is also wearing sunglasses
dialog: from that time (twelve years earlier, when Sara was a
text: coquettish woman and dressed as such). Julieta has put
text: some make-up on her and styled her hair a little. Sara
text: looks wonderful. The three generations sit at a table,
text: under the vine.
text: Samuel and Sanda are still working the land. When
text: Samuel realizes that Julieta has brought Sara outside
text: he turns to them. Everything in the scene is beautiful
dialog: and breathes life: the countryside, the house, the sun,
dialog: little Antia, Samuel’s arousal and sweat, the beauty
text: and youth of Julieta and Sanaa. Even Sara, in her
text: vegetative way, is radiant in her distance.
dialog: Samuel had forgotten how pretty his wife was. Sanda
text: looks at the family group as if she’s been caught out.
text: Samuel breaks the impasse, speaking to the child.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Come here, Antia, I’ll give you
dialog: some delicious strawberries!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Not now, dad. I’ve just dressed
dialog: her. Aren’t you going to. say
dialog: anything to mom?
dialog: With true admiration and surprise:
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You look beautiful, Sara.
dialog: 75.
text: Sanaa looks at them, a little uncomfortable. She feels
text: like an intruder.
scene_heading: HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. KITCHEN. INT.
text: 1988. SPRING.
text: Sanaa, her back turned, is heating some glass jars with
text: preserves in the bain marie. Julieta, in profile, is
text: preparing the little girl’s supper. Samuel, with his
text: back to the women and facing the camera, is sitting at
text: a round table peeling some tomatoes.
speaker_heading: SANAA
dialog: I’ve got all the jars ready.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Dad, can I speak to you?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (To Sanaa) Sanaa, see to Sara and
dialog: Antia.
text: Sanda cleans her hands before she leaves.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Don’t waken Antia.
text: Sanaa nods and goes out. Julieta sits down across from
text: her father and helps him peel tomatoes.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What do you do about mom when you
dialog: go to the market?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: One of us always stays with her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: When you came to collect me, you’d
text: left her on her own, locked in her
dialog: room.
dialog: It’s a critical, painful comment, said in a half
dialog: whisper.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I don’t like locking her in,
dialog: Julieta. I do it to protect her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Lamenting) This is no life for
dialog: mom.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (On the defensive) Julieta, we are
dialog: as well as we can be. Do you know
dialog: what it would cost to put your
dialog: mother in a home?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I thought you’d hired a woman to
dialog: look after her.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
text: Sanda looks after her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Sanda looks after the land and
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Warning her) Don’t go there,
dialog: Julieta.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Mom needs something more than just
dialog: someone to wash her and make her
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You have your life, unfortunately
dialog: very far from here. I’ve tried to
dialog: bother you as little as possible,
dialog: but we’ve had a lot of problems,
dialog: and believe me if I tell you that
dialog: now we’re better than ever.
text: Julieta looks at him with mixed feelings.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Be more understanding and more
dialog: generous with me.
scene_heading: 76. RETURN TO REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. DAY.
text: 1988. SPRING.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: THREE WEEKS LATER
text: A taxi stops outside Xoan’s house in Redes. Julieta and
text: Antia get out. The driver blows his horn, opens the
text: trunk and leaves the brown suitcase and the backpack
text: next to Julieta. While Marian and Xoan are coming out
text: he takes out the pushchair.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: The Andalusians are here!
text: She kisses Julieta and showers Antia with hugs and
text: cuddles. She takes some of the luggage. Xoan joins the
text: group. He kisses both of them, the child and her
text: mother, as best he can. He’s happy, smiling from ear to
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: I thought you weren’t coming back!
dialog: (Affectionate) How are you?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: We’re exhausted! The journey was
dialog: awful!
text: The two react to what the little girl does.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: How was your mother?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Sad) Terrible. I’1l tell you
dialog: later.
text: They go into the house. The taxi disappears.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. XOAN-JULIETA’S ROOM. NIGHT. CONT.
text: 1988. SPRING.
dialog: The room has changed with regard to how it was three
text: years ago. Although they both share it, it is more
dialog: feminine than masculine. They’ve changed some of the
text: furniture and the curtains. Antia’s cot is next to the
dialog: bed.
text: Julieta gives a final touch to Antia’s bed, the child
text: is fast asleep. Xoan undresses, sitting on the bed.
text: They speak in whispers so as not to wake Antia.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: My father is having an affair with
dialog: the girl who looks after my
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: And does your mother realize?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: My mother is wasting away, the
text: poor thing, locked in her room.
text: Julieta leaves the child and turns to Xoan. He has just
text: taken off his shirt, revealing his firm naked torso.
text: Julieta sees that he has a new tattoo. She sits next to
text: him. Xoan has had a heart tattooed on his right
text: shoulder. Inside it there is a delightful little boat
text: and, printed on the sails, the initials A and J.
text: Julieta reads the tattoo, inquisitive.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: AJ? Does it mean Antia and
dialog: Julieta?
text: Julieta brings her lips close to the tattoo.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Yes. Be careful, it’s still
dialog: tender.
text: Julieta presses her lips on the tattooed heart. And
text: then she kisses him.
scene_heading: 78. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2™ FLOOR. HOUSE 3.
text: 2016. SPRING.
text: Julieta, at 56, is staring at the notebook for Antia.
scene_heading: 79. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. XOAN-JULIETA’S ROOM. INT. NIGHT.
speaker_heading: CONT.
text: 1988 .SPRING.
text: Little Antia is sleeping in her cot. A close-up of the
text: child dissolves to the peaceful waves on the sea.
scene_heading: 80. SEA. EXT. DAY.
text: 1994. SUMMER.
dialog: 81.
text: The sea is reflecting the white, blue and red of Xoan’s
text: gamela. Inside the little boat Antia (8 years old) is
text: helping her father pull the creels out of the water.
text: She’s wearing a yellow oilskin and is having a
dialog: wonderful time fishing.
text: Over these images we hear Julieta’s voiceover:
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I wonder if you’re living inland
dialog: or on the coast, and if you still
dialog: like fishing. When you were eight,
dialog: you were already going out with
dialog: your father in the boat. You
dialog: wanted to be a fisherman, like
dialog: him.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. ANTIA’S ROOM. INT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Time has passed for all the characters. Julieta, at 38,
text: is in all her splendor. Xoan, close to 50, is starting
text: to show signs of weariness and his hair is greying.
text: Antia has grown, she is 12 now.
text: Julieta is combing Antia’s hair in the girl’s room. On
text: the wall there is a corkboard full of photos with her
text: father and with her girlfriends and also some childish
text: drawings. The window is casting a warm, intimate light
text: on the scene. Julieta loves combing her daughter’s
text: hair, but Antia is in a bad mood and in a sign of
text: protest has let all her hair fall over her face. She
text: looks like “Cousin Itt” from the Addams Family. She
text: protests when her mother insists on combing her hair
dialog: properly.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: How can I let you go to camp
dialog: looking like “Cousin Itt” from the
dialog: Addams!
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: (Sulking, willful) I want to go
dialog: like this.
text: Julieta pulls her hair back from her face as if it were
text: a curtain from behind which the different features of
text: her face start to appear. She names them lovingly.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: People have to see that you have a
dialog: forehead, that you have eyes, a
text: nose, a mouth, ears...
text: Antia interrupts her ill-humoredly.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Mom, don’t talk rubbish!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Scolding her) Antia, you’re going
dialog: on vacation, you’re going to enjoy
dialog: yourself!
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: I don’t want to go. I want to stay
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Fed up) Well, the young lady
dialog: can’t always do what she wants to
dialog: do.
text: Xoan comes into the bedroom. He goes up to Julieta and
text: Antia. The girl hugs him tightly. Julieta carries on
text: combing her hair as if nothing had happened.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Tenderly) What’s wrong with my
dialog: little girl?
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: I don’t want to go, dad. Now that
dialog: I’m on vacation I could go fishing
dialog: with you every day. Didn’t you say
dialog: that you needed help, that you
dialog: were getting old?
text: Xoan adores his daughter. He caresses her.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: I promise that when you come back
dialog: I’ll take you on as a deckhand,
dialog: OK?
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: I’1l hold you to that.
text: The mother breaks the embrace between Antia and Xoan to
dialog: take the child away.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Come on, you old sea dog.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Have fun.
text: Julieta and Antia disappear along the hall.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. ENTRANCE HALL. INT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Marian is going grey, she’s fatter, but she is still
text: full of the same energy. She is vacuuming the dust in
text: the entrance hall with a noisy vacuum cleaner. When she
text: sees Antia and Julieta coming through the door she
text: turns off the vacuum and greets the child with open
text: arms. Antia huddles in her arms. Julieta is carrying a
text: little suitcase and she looks impatiently at the scene.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Are you leaving already, Antia?
dialog: You’1ll come and visit me at home
dialog: when you get back, won’t you?
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Won’t you be here?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: No, love. I won’t be here.
text: Maria looks reproachfully at Julieta. This annoys
dialog: Julieta. All these years her dealings with Marian have
dialog: been full of these kinds of indirect looks and
text: resentful silences. Fortunately Marian will be leaving
dialog: in a few days.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: But you have to promise you’ll
dialog: come and see me.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Yes. I promise.
text: Antia doesn’t break away from Marian who covers her
text: forehead with tender kisses. Julieta watches the scene
text: impatiently. And again she has to break Antia’s embrace
text: and pull her, something that obviously annoys her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: 83.
dialog: 84.
dialog: Come on, let’s go.
scene_heading: ROAD TO THE MEETING POINT. EXT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Inside the car:
text: Julieta is driving the girl to an old bus station in a
text: nearby town. Antia is still sulking.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Why is Marian leaving?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Surprised) Her husband is. sick.
dialog: She’s going to look after him.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: You’re not throwing her out?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: That’s silly! Of course not!
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: If you asked her to stay, I bet
dialog: she would.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Antia, people have a right to
dialog: retire.
text: The explanation doesn’t convince the girl and annoys
dialog: the mother.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: MEETING PLACE. A FORMER BUS STOP. EXT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: The meeting place is an unused bus stop. Julieta
text: doesn’t know the other mothers who are saying goodbye
text: to their children amidst a great rumpus. There are boys
dialog: and girls.
text: Julieta accompanies Antia to the door of the bus. They
text: hug. Julieta isn’t as firm as she was at home or on the
text: drive there. The girl realizes how fragile she is and
text: changes her attitude.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: (Affectionately) I’m sorry if I
dialog: was being mean.
text: Julieta smiles at her and shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Don’t worry. Call us as soon as
dialog: you get there.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: OK.
text: Antia gets into the bus with her little case. Julieta
text: looks for her at the windows. She says goodbye from
text: outside. Antia is looking out one of the windows and
text: waving goodbye.
text: Julieta raises her right hand to her ear, indicating
text: that she should call her. On the wall in the background
text: there are several local posters, advertisements for
text: concerts in discotheques, the announcement of a
dialog: demonstration in favor of the “Historical Memory”. “Non
dialog: des o esquecemento” says the poster. No to forgetting.
scene_heading: 85. REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. SITTING ROOM. THREE DAYS LATER.
text: IN THE MORNING.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Julieta is looking for some books on the top shelves of
dialog: the bookcase, text books she used when she was
text: teaching. It seems that the little sitting room is for
text: her personal use. As well as the bookcase, there is a
text: sideboard full of Sargadelos ceramics, two pictures,
text: one of them with a mythological theme (Orpheus and
text: Eurydice be Erasmus Quellinus, a disciple of Rubens). A
text: couch, an armchair and a table with a maritime motif.
text: Next to the couch there is a telephone and on the wall
text: opposite a medium sized television of the time.
text: Marian takes a look around the kitchen. Then she walks
text: slowly to the door of the little sitting room. It
text: saddens her to say goodbye to the house. More amiable
dialog: than usual:
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Do you want me to fix you
dialog: something for dinner before I
dialog: leave?
dialog: From the exchange of looks when Antia said goodbye to
text: Marian, Julieta is longing for the servant to leave.
text: She answers her politely but coldly.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: You needn’t bother. Inés should be
dialog: here soon.
dialog: Marian was expecting a warmer farewell but Julieta
text: continues with what she’s doing, not paying her much
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: If you can’t find anything, call
dialog: me at home.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Thank you.
text: Julieta is still absorbed looking for a book that she
text: can’t find. Marian looks nostalgically along the hall.
text: As Marian doesn’t move from the door Julieta turns to
text: her and sees that she’s wearing a black sweatshirt that
dialog: belongs to Xoan.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Well, I’1l be going.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Are you wearing Xoan’s sweatshirt?
text: Marian feels insulted and glares at Julieta. Hurt and
dialog: categorical:
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Xoan gave it to me a while ago!
dialog: I’m not taking anything that isn’t
dialog: mine!
text: Despite her abrasiveness, Julieta doesn’t notice the
text: change of expression in Marian’s dissimilar eyes.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Are you serious about giving
dialog: private classes?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I think you’re making a mistake.
dialog: 86.
dialog: 87.
text: Julieta is amazed by the presumptuous comment and is
dialog: about to say to her “It’s none of your business”, but
text: she restrains herself. She doesn’t want to say goodbye
text: to Marian with the confrontation which both have
dialog: managed to avoid for years.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I don’t want to be just a
dialog: housewife, Marian. I have a
dialog: profession that I like and I’ve
dialog: wanted to go back to it for some
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (Declaring) A woman’s profession
dialog: is her family. If you want to keep
dialog: it united it’s best to stay at
dialog: home.
text: Marian no longer hides her fury at Julieta, she has
dialog: nothing to lose now.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Dryly) That’s my business!
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (Murmuring) If you go, the same
dialog: old thing will happen.
text: Julieta glares at her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What do you mean? What same old
dialog: thing?
text: Marian looks at her, defiantly, and goes to speak.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. MORNING.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Marian comes out of Xoan and Julieta’s house. There are
text: some clouds but the sun is shining. On the estuary,
text: several gamelas are rocking at their moorings. Marian
text: looks sullenly at the facade of the house.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. ANTIA’S ROOM. CONT.
dialog: 88.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Xoan is weaving a hexagonal creel for Antia. Julieta
text: comes in, sad and tense.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Has Marian left?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Serious) Yes. The new woman is
dialog: due to arrive. I hope she’s more
dialog: discreet.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: When I came thirteen years ago,
dialog: Marian told me not to wait for
dialog: you, you were spending the night
dialog: with Ava. Just now, when she was
dialog: saying goodbye, she said something
dialog: similar, that when I went with
dialog: Antia to see my parents, ten years
dialog: ago, you spent the nights with Ava
dialog: again...
text: The ringing of the doorbell interrupts Xoan’s silence.
text: Julieta goes out to see who it is. Xoan imagined that
dialog: some day they’d have to talk about this.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. CONT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Inés is waiting at the door. She’s the young woman
dialog: who’s going to replace Marian.
text: She introduces herself. Julieta tells her to come back
dialog: the next day.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Marian did everything before she
dialog: left.
dialog: (In more than one sense, Julieta thinks)
text: Inés says goodbye until the next day. She realizes that
dialog: she hasn’t come at a good time.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. CONT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Xoan comes into the hall, he sees Julieta saying
text: goodbye to Inés. Julieta is angry and = deeply
dialog: disappointed.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: I’ve known Ava since I was
dialog: fifteen. We were never together
dialog: but we screwed from time to time.
text: Julieta looks at him in silence. She picks up the books
text: she was looking for in the last sequence with Marian.
text: Then she goes to the kitchen. Xoan follows her like a
dialog: guide dog.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: I often thought about telling you,
dialog: but I didn’t know how.
text: Julieta looks at him again. She takes a purse from a
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: I’m not much of a talker, you’ll
dialog: have realized that. But Antia and
dialog: you are the most important things
dialog: in my life, you know that, don’t
dialog: you?
text: Julieta goes into the hall, turns her back on him,
text: takes a light jacket and puts it on. She hangs the
text: purse over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: Aren’t you going to say anything?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m going for a walk and to
dialog: prepare my classes.
speaker_heading: XOAN
dialog: (Bewildered) I.. I think I’1l go
dialog: fishing.
dialog: 90.
dialog: 91.
dialog: 92.
dialog: 93.
text: He had decided to stay at home, but after talking to
text: Julieta he prefers to go out fishing. Before going to
text: the door, Julieta turns to him. Xoan is looking at her
dialog: concerned. Now that the subject has blown up he’d like
dialog: to talk it out and he’d like her to do the same, to
dialog: insult him, if she wants, anything but that toxic
text: silence. But Julieta can’t bear Xoan’s’ pleading
dialog: expression.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Julieta comes out of the house. It’s a heavy,
text: changeable day, with clouds and sun. We can see Xoan’s
text: gamela in the distance, rocking on a slightly choppy
text: sea. A lovely day.
scene_heading: REDES. THAT SAME DAY, IN THE AFTERNOON.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Mid-afternoon the weather changes. It starts to rain
text: heavily. The storm breaks.
dialog: (Detail with images of the atmospheric process, what
text: happens in the sky and on the sea.) The sky darkens,
text: the sea gets rough. Lightning, thunder, etc.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. THAT SAME DAY. LATER.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Julieta arrives home in a taxi. It’s pouring rain and
text: the wind is blowing hard. It’s dusk. Xoan’s gamela
text: can’t be seen, the roaring of the sea is deafening.
text: (Images of the rough sea at the Muxia lighthouse.
text: Enormous waves crash onto the beach of broken stones)
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. INT. EARLY EVENING. CONT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Julieta comes into the house, soaked.
text: Once she has showered, dried herself and changed her
text: clothes, she is filled by a feeling of extreme
dialog: loneliness.
dialog: 94.
dialog: 95.
dialog: 96.
text: She walks past the door of Antia’s room. She looks
text: inside, she sees her daughter’s bed, the posters on the
text: walls. She misses her dreadfully. Finally she looks at
text: the unfinished creel that Xoan was making and that he
text: left on Antia’s desk.
text: Julieta comes into the kitchen in a housecoat. Through
text: the windows she sees the sea, still very rough, but
dialog: less so than when we saw it at Muxia Beach. To fill the
text: time she starts to prepare dinner, very meticulously
text: dinner for two. She pours herself a glass of vinho
text: verde to cheer herself up. She wants Xoan to come back.
text: She regrets not having let him talk.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. A LITTLE LATER/NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Dinner is sitting on the hot plates. Julieta has
text: another glass of wine and lights a cigarette. She has
text: the radio tuned to the local station, they’re talking
text: about the storm that has suddenly hit the area.
dialog: “,.a sudden change in the direction and force of winds
dialog: in the area of the Ferrol estuary. This change is
text: causing heavy seas with waves from 20 to 25 feet... all
dialog: fishing and sailing activity should be suspended in
dialog: this area...”
text: Naturally she thinks about Xoan and is worried. Did he
text: go out fishing as she thought she heard him say before
dialog: she left the house? Is he with Ava? The best way to
dialog: find out would be to call her, but for the moment she
dialog: rejects the idea.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. SITTING ROOM. NIGHT.
scene_heading: REDES. AVA’S STUDIO.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Julieta is waiting in the sitting room, in front of the
text: television. The evening news is talking about a probe
dialog: that Japan has sent to Mars.
text: It’s 11:00 p.m., Xoan still hasn’t returned and Julieta
text: is desperate. She thinks he’s with Ava, but she needs
text: to be sure. After many doubts, she dials Ava’s number.
text: The artist is in her studio, busy on one of her
text: sculptures. The phone rings. She answers.
dialog: 97.
dialog: 98.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Ava, I’m sorry to call you.. I just
dialog: wanted to know if Xoan is with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Xoan? No.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Do you have any idea where he
dialog: might be?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Hasn’t he come back yet?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (Uneasy) Did he go fishing?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I hope not.. Look at the storm!
dialog: Wait, they’re saying something on
dialog: television.
dialog: (Cont.)
scene_heading: TELEVISION STUDIO.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
speaker_heading: NEWS READER
dialog: “Maritime Safety has reported the sinking of a gabela
text: three miles north of the mouth of the Ferrol estuary.
text: Its occupant has not yet been located and there are
dialog: serious fears for his safety given the conditions at
dialog: sea.
text: A pleasure boat with a crew of three is in the same
text: situation. Rough seas with waves of over 20 feet have
dialog: impeded any rescue attempts by Civil Protection.. As
text: soon as it dawns and conditions at sea improve...”
text: Julieta is listening to the television, the phone still
text: at her ear.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. NIGHT. CONT.
scene_heading: REDES. AVA’S STUDIO. CONT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
dialog: 100.
dialog: 101.
text: The two women are silent, horrified. Ava has heard the
text: television report over the phone.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: BUILDING FISHERMEN’S GUILD. TWO DAYS LATER. EXT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: It is a two-storied building with a narrow tower topped
text: by a clock that is broken, a piece is missing from the
text: face. Time has been broken, rather than stopped.
text: The sequence begins with a close-up of the broken
text: clock, a downward crane shot shows us a police four-
text: wheel drive arriving. An officer and Julieta are in it.
text: The car stops at the front door of the building.
scene_heading: BUILDING FISHERMEN’S GUILD. INT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Julieta and the police officer come into an open,
dialog: informal area where pieces of fishing gear have been
text: left piled up against the wall. Julieta is wearing
text: large dark glasses and has a black scarf on her head.
text: There are two people there, a judge and a seaman in
text: working clothes who is trying to tidy things up a bit.
text: There are creels, enormous blue and red marker buoys,
text: several wine colored nets, etc. And in the middle of
text: the room, a long, very old metal table (used for
text: cleaning and sorting fish) with an opening at one end
text: for drainage. A blanket has been spread on the table.
text: On top of the blanket is a body covered from head to
text: toe by a sheet. The sheet is clinging to the body and
text: describes precisely its orography. The body is not
dialog: complete, we can make out that one of the legs is
dialog: missing.
text: The judge introduces himself to Julieta.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I am Judge Vicente Louro. Before
dialog: the body can be removed I need you
dialog: to identify it.
text: Juliet nods very slightly. She looks silently at the
text: orography of the body through the sheet, a landscape
dialog: 102.
dialog: 103.
dialog: 104.
text: covered by the cloth that falls into emptiness at the
text: area of the legs.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I’m sorry to have to put you
dialog: through this. The storm was so
dialog: fierce that the body isn’t
dialog: complete.
text: Julieta seems doped, she still doesn’t speak. She
dialog: waits.
text: The judge pulls the sheet back as far as the corpse’s
text: chest. Julieta looks as if she is staggering, as if she
text: might collapse on the floor, but she remains rigid. She
text: focuses on one of the shoulders.
scene_heading: BUILDING FISHERMEN’S GUILD. INT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Although the skin is badly eroded, Julieta can
text: recognize her and Antia’s initials over the little boat
text: inside a heart, tattooed on the corpse’s shoulder. (In
text: an extreme close-up her hand slides along the eroded
text: skin on the shoulder until it touches the tattoo).
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: MUXIA LIGHTHOUSE. EXT. AFTERNOON.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: The waves are breaking against a cliff at the beach by
text: Muxia lighthouse. More than ever, the enormous rocks
text: seem to have been injured by the storms and the wind.
scene_heading: BEACH MUXIA LIGHTHOUSE. EXT. DAY. CONT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: A car arrives at the last stretch to which there is
text: access, near the cliff. Ava and Julieta get out.
text: Julieta is carrying an urn with Xoan’s ashes. The two
dialog: widows go to entrust to the sea what this has already
text: taken from them. There is a dense light.
text: The place has a fierce vitality. The waves are breaking
text: and multiplying against the cliff. There is a natural
text: dialog between the passion of the sea and the passive
text: resistance of the rocks. Juliet empties Xoan’s ashes
dialog: 105.
dialog: 106.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: DAY.
text: into the sea. A wave, like a tongue, scoops up the
text: ashes forcefully, as if it were an offering from
text: Julieta which the goddess of the sea is accepting with
dialog: pleasure.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. INT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Julieta and Ava come into the house, their skin and
text: hair still damp.
text: They have just closed the door when the house phone
text: rings. Julieta is paralyzed, as if it were a call from
dialog: the beyond.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Wait, I’ll get it.
text: Julieta goes into the kitchen, but she’s stopped by
text: Ava'’s voice.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: It’s Bea’s mother. She wants to
dialog: talk to you.
text: Ava has answered the phone in the sitting room. Julieta
text: looks at her, confused.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Bea? Who’s Bea?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (She quotes) A friend of Antia’s
dialog: from camp.
dialog: Julieta doesn’t feel she has the strength but she can’t
text: refuse. She goes into the sitting room and makes an
text: enormous effort so that her voice shouldn’t betray what
text: she is going through.
scene_heading: XOAN’S HOUSE. INT. DAY.
text: (CLOSE-UP OF ANTIA AND BEA’S MOTHER AT THE CAMP. EXT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: She takes the receiver and sits in an armchair.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Antia?
text: The camp: A log building in the middle of the woods.
text: Bea’s mother is sitting between Antia and Bea. In the
text: time the conversation lasts the two girls exchange
text: knowing, radiant glances. Other girls will walk past
dialog: occasionally.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Mom, it’s me. Heck! What’s wrong
dialog: with your cell? We’ve been calling
dialog: you loads of times and you never
dialog: pick up!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Disoriented) I don’t know... I
dialog: mustn’t have heard it. How are
dialog: you, darling?
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: I’m great...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Interrupting her, not thinking
dialog: clearly) I’ll go and get you
dialog: tomorrow, with Ava, eh? (She looks
dialog: at Ava). We’ll leave early so you
dialog: don’t have to wait.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: You don’t have to, mom.. I’m here
dialog: with my friend Bea. I met her here
dialog: and we’re really good friends. Can
dialog: I go to Madrid to spend a week
dialog: with her family? You don’t mind,
dialog: do you? Oh, say yes, please!
text: Julieta, overwhelmed and confused, says, to say
dialog: something:
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: But... we don’t know them.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: She’s my friend, mom. I’1l put you
text: on to her mother and she can tell
dialog: you...
text: Julieta looks at Ava, confused, seeking help. Claudia,
text: Bea’s mother, is a woman between 40 and 45, a little
text: plump and overflowing with optimism and friendliness.
text: She speaks to Julieta as if she already knew her.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: Hello, I’m Claudia, Beatriz’s
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: How’s my daughter?
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: She’s fine, wonderful. I didn’t
dialog: know her before, but I think camp
dialog: has been really good for her. I
dialog: wanted to ask your permission to
dialog: take her to Madrid with us. Antia
dialog: and my daughter have become close
dialog: and they’re really pestering me
dialog: about this, to be honest.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: But... doesn’t the camp end
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: Yes. I came here early and I
dialog: wanted to take them with me this
dialog: afternoon. What do you think?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Well, if she’s looking forward to
dialog: it.
scene_heading: . MADRID. BEATRIZ’S PARENTS’ HOUSE. EXT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: A taxi stops in front of the house. Julieta gets out.
scene_heading: MADRID. BEATRIZ’S PARENTS’ HOUSE. INT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: A fine bourgeois house, belonging to a well-off family.
text: Modern, with style, light-colored furniture, expensive
dialog: and comfortable. Lots of photos of family and friends,
dialog: good frames, works of art, etc.
text: Claudia, Bea’s mother, comes out to meet her, looking
text: serious. We hear the shouts of Antia, Beatriz and her
text: older brother, playing at the back of the house, a real
dialog: din. (The girls are twelve and the brother is sixteen)
dialog: (In this block of sequences, Julieta is under the
text: effects of tranquilizers, this can be seen in her lack
text: of reflexes, slowness, etc.) The two women greet each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: (Justifying the noise) They’ re
dialog: playing at the back. I didn’t tell
dialog: them anything.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Nodding slightly) Antia doesn’t
dialog: think it odd that I’ve come so
dialog: soon?
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
text: She’s angry because she thinks
dialog: you’ve come to take her away. She
text: called Xoan, but he didn’t answer,
dialog: obviously.
text: Julieta accepts that she can’t postpone the
text: conversation with her daughter any longer.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Where should I tell her?
text: Claudia points to a large, comfortable, beige couch in
text: a corner filled with family photos, sculptures and
text: large coffee table books. On the wall, above the couch,
text: there is a painting by Richard Serra, the surface of
text: which is dominated by the color black, large
text: brushstrokes of textured black. Although the sitting
text: room is full of details and volumes, Richard Serra’s
text: painting completely takes over the space.
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: You’ll have more privacy in the
dialog: sitting room. Would you like
dialog: anything to drink?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I don’t know...
text: Bea’s mother goes off to get Antia.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: 110. MADRID. BEATRIZ’S PARENTS’ HOUSE. CONT.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: Julieta is sitting waiting for her in the center of the
text: couch under Richard Serra’s enormous black
text: brushstrokes. Antia bursts in, hot from playing and
text: having come running.
text: Mother and daughter embrace. Julieta holds her tightly.
text: Antia immediately pulls away. Julieta finds her
text: daughter more suntanned and full of life.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Mom, heck! I told you to let me
dialog: stay a few more days! (Begging)
dialog: Don’t look like that, we’re on
dialog: vacation! How’s dad? He’s got such
dialog: a nerve! He’s ignoring me...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I have to tell you something,
dialog: love.
text: They sit down.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Two days after you left, there was
dialog: a storm. Your father’s boat and
text: two other boats disappeared. No
dialog: one survived.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: And dad?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: (Stunned) Dad... is dead! ?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: It’s not true! It’s not true!
text: Antia bursts into tears. She can’t accept that her
text: father is dead. Julieta hugs her, trying to unite her
text: grief with her daughter’s, but Antia rejects her when
text: she hears Bea come in. (Bea has heard the screams and
text: appears in the doorway of the sitting room.) Antia
text: breaks out her mother’s embrace and takes refuge in
text: Bea’s arms. The two adolescents cry together. From a
dialog: distance Antia asks Julieta:
dialog: 111.
text: INT.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Why did he go out fishing if there
dialog: was a storm?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: The storm broke in the afternoon
dialog: and your father went out in the
dialog: morning.
text: Antia keeps crying on Beatriz’s shoulder. Julieta looks
text: at the two adolescents and feels very alone on the
text: couch, under the recalcitrant black of Richard Serra’s
dialog: painting.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: MADRID. BEATRIZ’S PARENTS’ HOUSE. SPACIOUS KITCHEN.
speaker_heading: DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
text: In the large family kitchen, the two mothers are
text: sitting at a round table, talking and having some
text: infusions. Beatriz’s mother apologizes for bringing up
dialog: a practical matter under such painful circumstances.
text: Julieta is holding a cup of tea, but she’s shaking so
dialog: much she’s afraid she’1ll spill it and she leaves it on
text: the table. She seems more defenseless after having
text: given the news to her daughter, and she is too confused
text: to take decisions. Everything overwhelms her. In the
text: large kitchen, Tata Rosa is cooking, with her back to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: I’m sorry to have to talk to you
dialog: about this, but my husband and I
dialog: have planned a trip to Patagonia
dialog: and now Bea doesn’t want to come.
dialog: She wants to stay here with Antia,
dialog: in the house...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Oh, yes?
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: Obviously they can’t stay on their
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: No, of course not...
dialog: 112.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: I was thinking... Why don’t you stay
dialog: with them? Our son is coming with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: Yes, the two girls and you. After
dialog: what’s happened, it will do you
dialog: good to rest. And Antia will be
text: more distracted in Madrid.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Stammering) Well...
text: Julieta lets Bea’s mother decide for her.
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: Tata Rosa will take care of
dialog: everything. You can go out for
dialog: walks, go to the movies, rest...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: But I haven’t brought any clothes...
speaker_heading: BEA’S MOTHER
dialog: You can use mine, I have
text: raincoats, blouses that are tight
dialog: on me now and would look much
dialog: better on you. You can try on
dialog: whatever you like.
text: Julieta looks at her, stunned.
scene_heading: MADRID. STREETS OF MADRID. EXT. DAY.
scene_heading: 1998. EARLY SEPTEMBER.
text: Julieta is walking with Bea and Antia through the Plaza
dialog: de Alonso Martinez, the same place (filmed with the
dialog: same lens) where we’ve seen her walking in 2016. Bea’s
dialog: mother’s clothes fit her perfectly and aren’t those of
text: someone who is in deep mourning. The two adolescents
text: are talking animatedly with each other, Julieta never
text: intervenes, she’s walking like a robot, with a lost
dialog: expression.
scene_heading: MADRID. OPEN AIR BASKETBALL COURT. EXT. DAY.
dialog: 114.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: 1998. SEPTEMBER.
text: It’s the same open air basketball court from seq. 157
text: in 2016. Julieta is sitting on the same bench watching
text: the two girls playing basketball. At least Antia seems
text: integrated and enthusiastic about her new life. Julieta
text: looks at them absently although this scene (the girls
text: happily playing basketball) will be engraved on her
dialog: memory.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: Things happened without my
dialog: participation, one thing
text: foretelling the next.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. THE BUILDING WHERE HOUSE 1
speaker_heading: HOUSE 3 ARE.
scene_heading: 1998. SEPTEMBER.
dialog: Julieta goes into the super’s office which we already
text: know, along with the two girls. Inocencio attends to
text: them, eighteen years younger, but just as helpful and
dialog: charming.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: We’ve come to see an apartment
dialog: that’s for rent.
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: Yes. Just a minute. (He gets the
dialog: key) Follow me.
text: Bea. Antia and Julieta climb the wooden staircase after
dialog: him.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. INT.
scene_heading: 1998. SEPTEMBER.
text: We see them advancing (towards camera) through a long
text: hall that leads to the main room, which is very large
text: with three windows looking out on the street. The girls
text: are holding hands. The wallpaper in the room has
text: slightly jarring, figurative motifs. There is very
text: little furniture, just enough. A large couch, tables.
text: It’s a place that someone has just left. Julieta looks
text: apprehensively at the wallpaper.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: 116.
text: (In a faint voice) The wallpaper
dialog: is a bit overwhelming.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: No, it’s cool.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: If we get bored we’ll paint it.
dialog: (To the superintendent) We’1ll take
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: This way, we’re very close.
text: The girls go over to the window, they open it wide and
text: the sounds from the street fill the room with life.
text: Julieta follows them but doesn’t have the strength to
dialog: accompany them to the window and share their
text: enthusiasm. She falls on the couch and lays her head on
dialog: the back.
dialog: (The planning is identical to Seq. 8, when Julieta
text: walks along the corridor with Inocencio and arrives in
text: the sitting room and sees the three windows. It’s
dialog: important to give the idea of repetition, as previously
text: on the basketball court and walking through Alonso
dialog: Martinez.)
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: Bea and you found an apartment
dialog: near where she lived... You made me
dialog: rent it.. By then I was exhausted...
dialog: but you were strong as a rock. You
dialog: had suddenly grown up...
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. ENTRANCE. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1998. SEPTEMBER.
text: Antia and Ava come into Xoan’s house. (They open the
dialog: door with a key)
text: Antia goes straight to her room and finds the little
text: hexagonal creel that her father had been making for her
text: and had left unfinished. It is just as he had left it.
text: It’s like a relic. The living trace of Xoan.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: You went back to Redes with Ava,
dialog: to close the house and put it up
dialog: for sale. Bea looked after me in
dialog: Madrid.
scene_heading: 117. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. 3°° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. SITTING
scene_heading: ROOM. INT. DUSK OR NIGHT
scene_heading: 1998. SEPTEMBER.
text: Julieta, in her dressing gown, is watching television
text: with Bea/adolescent. A program of no interest. Bea is
text: engrossed in a fashion magazine.
scene_heading: 118. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3°° FLOOR. HOUSE 1.
dialog: 1998. FALL.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: When you came back, we didn’t talk
dialog: much about your trip. You didn’t
dialog: want to make me sad and I didn’t
dialog: have the strength to ask you.
text: They have just bathed her. Julieta is still in the bath
text: tub, as if stranded, incapable of getting out on her
text: own. Antia is in charge of the operation, ordering her
text: mother and Bea with authority. Bea obeys with the best
text: of intentions, but it’s obvious she’s not very used to
text: the task. However it seems as if Antia had been looking
text: after useless women all her life. She exudes energy.
text: Between them, the two girls grasp Julieta under her
text: arms and lift her up.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: (To Julieta) We’re going to put
dialog: you on your feet. Take care you
dialog: don’t slip. Bea, help me on the
dialog: other side.
text: The two girls manage to get her on her feet. Julieta
text: gets out of the bathtub. Her hair is covering half of
text: her face. She doesn’t move, she leans on her daughter.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: (To Julieta) Hold on tight to me.
dialog: Bea, hand me the big towel.
speaker_heading: BEA
dialog: (She doubts between several
dialog: towels) This one?
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Come on, the biggest one. We have
dialog: to dry her.
speaker_heading: BEA
dialog: All right.
text: She hands her the towel and they cover her shoulders.
dialog: Cut.
text: Enveloped in different colored towels, Julieta remains
text: seated on a chair, staring blankly into the bathroom
dialog: mirror.
text: Bea gives Antia a brown towel with which she covers her
text: mother’s head. Julieta’s face disappears under the
text: towel. Antia rubs her hair well to dry it. She says to
dialog: Bea:
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Rub her back well, that’1ll warm
dialog: her up. I don’t want her to catch
dialog: cold.
text: The two girls work hard together on the operation;.
text: Antia smiles fondly at Bea over her mother’s head and
text: thanks her for her help. Looking at the image of the
text: three in the mirror, Antia finishes rubbing her
text: mother’s head which is completely covered by the towel.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: (To Julieta) Now T’/il finish
dialog: drying you with the hair dryer.
text: She delicately removes the towel from her head and what
text: emerges is the face of the new actress who from now on
dialog: and until the end will play Julieta, the same actress
dialog: we’ve seen at the beginning of the story, in 2016. This
text: scene is set in 1998 or 1999.
dialog: Fade to black.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. A YEAR
scene_heading: SEVERAL MONTHS LATER.
text: 2000. SPRING.
text: A year and several months later, Julieta is totally
text: reestablished. The apartment looks exactly the same as
dialog: when they rented it, except for the walls in the
text: entrance hall. The baroque paper has been replaced by a
text: bluish-grey color that increases the brightness of the
text: hall. The sitting room has yet to be painted and also
text: the corridor that links the entrance with the sitting
text: room. Julieta has taken charge of the painting motu
text: proprio. She is dressed for the job and has her hair
text: tied up. Cans of paint, brushes, the floor covered with
text: papers, the furniture we can see is covered. There are
dialog: a few new pieces and some that we saw in the house in
dialog: Redes.
text: Antia comes in from school. She finds her mother up a
text: ladder. Antia has grown. She is a dynamic, strong-
text: willed adolescent, who easily dominates her mother.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: If you want us to eat something
dialog: together, hurry up. I’m meeting
text: Bea later to study at her house.
text: Julieta comes down the ladder obediently and
text: accompanies Antia to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: DO you like how it’s turning out?
dialog: I think I’m going to start on the
text: sitting room tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: You needn’t bother, mom. I’ve got
dialog: used to it and Bea loves it.
text: IN THE KITCHEN.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
text: Bea has a beautiful, vanilla
dialog: colored house and she doesn’t have
dialog: to live here. Shall I fix you a
dialog: sandwich?
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: OK, but hurry.
scene_heading: 120. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. SITTING
speaker_heading: ROOM.
scene_heading: 2000. SUMMER.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I got over my depression with your
dialog: help and I found a job I could do
dialog: 121.
dialog: 122.
text: at home, proofreading for a
dialog: publisher. I devoted the rest of
dialog: my time to you, I didn’t need
dialog: anything else.
text: Julieta proofreading until late into the night. On her
text: desk she has a thick pile of printing proofs.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. INT. DAY.
text: 2003. SUMMER.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: Four years later, when Bea went to
dialog: the U.S., you chose a spiritual
text: retreat in the Pyrenees. A retreat
dialog: that would last three months,
dialog: until you came back to start
dialog: university!
text: Antia, now 18, is packing a little case in her room. On
dialog: the walls we see some pictures that appeared in the
text: house in Redes, paintings that have to do with the sea.
text: Stuck on the wall are photos of Joan Jett, Chavela
text: Vargas, basketball teams and several photos with her
dialog: friend Bea in different periods. A regulation
text: basketball ball, the little hexagonal creel that her
text: father left unfinished.. Her father is very present in
text: the room, her father and Bea.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I was horrified at being separated
dialog: from you, but you had gone out
dialog: very little in the last years, you
dialog: were always busy looking after me
dialog: or studying. I had no right to say
dialog: no. And, also, you were an adult.
text: Julieta is preparing some food. She is sad at being
dialog: separated from Antia.
text: Julieta is 44 and Antia is 18. They are still living in
dialog: 19, Fernando VI, 3** Floor, and where, thirteen years
text: later, on the 2° Floor, Julieta will write to her
dialog: daughter all that we are hearing in voiceover.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. INT. DAY.
text: 2003. SUMMER.
text: Julieta and Antia are silent in the kitchen after
text: eating. The entry phone rings. Antia, dressed as in the
dialog: previous sequence, in comfortable clothes for the
dialog: journey, answers.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Yes? That’s right. I’1ll be down
dialog: now. (To Julieta) It’s the taxi.
text: It’s downstairs.
text: Julieta looks at her regretfully. Antia goes to her
text: room, followed by her mother. She adds the last items
text: to her case. Her mother tries to help but Antia refuses
text: her help delicately.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Leave it, I can do it.
text: Julieta stands there looking at her, she feels totally
dialog: useless.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Well, take good care of yourself
dialog: and have fun.
text: Antia smiles, as if the idea of having fun seems out of
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: (Fondly) You take care too. And
dialog: don’t worry if I don’t call or
dialog: write much.
text: She puts her case on the floor and drags it out of the
text: bedroom. Julieta follows her until she stops two steps
text: from the door out to the landing.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Alarmed) Are you going to be
dialog: incommunicado?
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Mom, it’s a retreat. So it’s
dialog: important to disconnect, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What if I get ill?
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Don’t blackmail me, please!
dialog: 123.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Of course not, darling. I’ve got
dialog: work and as_ well I want to
dialog: organize my notes. I might start
dialog: turning them into a book. I’1l be
dialog: busy.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: That’s great.
text: Julieta pulls herself together, she doesn’t want to
dialog: burden her daughter. It’s the best way of thanking her
text: for her devotion during the last six years. They hug.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Begging) Let me go with you to
dialog: the station.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: (Gently) Remember you don’t like
dialog: goodbyes.
text: They exchange a last kiss. Antia breaks free of the
dialog: embrace.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Well, goodbye.
text: Julieta holds back her tears. She watches her daughter
text: go out through the door and close it after her. She
text: stands in the hallway.
text: Saying goodbye to Antia reminds her of two other
text: goodbyes, that of the sad, suicidal man in the
text: compartment of the train, and that of Xoan, in the
text: hallway of their house in _ Redes. Two pleading
text: expressions that are engraved indelibly on her memory
dialog: after all these years.
scene_heading: JULIETA’S TRAIN COMPARTMENT. INT. NIGHT.
scene_heading: 1985. WINTER.
text: Flashback to the train: Julieta leaves her compartment
text: while the sad man looks at her with a depressed
dialog: expression.
scene_heading: REDES. XOAN’S HOUSE. EXT. IN THE MORNING.
scene_heading: 1998. SUMMER.
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: INT
dialog: 126.
dialog: 127.
text: Flashback to Xoan’s house. The fisherman watches her
text: walk towards the door, after telling him she’s going
dialog: for a walk.
text: The two men, so different, seem equally helpless. As
text: helpless as she is now, watching Antia disappear
text: through the door without looking back.
speaker_heading: BACK TO 122.
text: Julieta walks slowly into the house, crushed by the
text: weight of the three goodbyes.
text: GENERAL LANDSCAPE OF THE PYRENEES AND TUNNEL.
dialog: ./EXT.
scene_heading: 2003. FALL. THREE MONTHS LATER.
text: A vast radiant landscape in the Aragonese Pyrenees.
text: Like a dark grey vein, the road cuts through the leafy
text: valley. On the road, a car, driven by Julieta.
text: The car disappears immediately, swallowed by one of the
text: tunnels. Julieta, immersed in the darkness inside the
text: car, switches on a little pilot light, takes a piece of
text: paper and places it next to the steering wheel. It’s a
text: map of the area drawn by her daughter. On the passenger
text: seat there is a Michelin guide and a bag with food and
text: drink. It’s a long trip and she isn’t used to driving
text: for so many hours. She looks tired and nervous.
scene_heading: PYRENEES. TURN-OFF. STONY DIRT TRACK. EXT.
dialog: 2003. FALL.
text: She takes a narrow dirt track, riddled with large
text: potholes and stones of all sizes. It’s a track eroded
text: by the last winter snow. Julieta is driving a rental
text: vehicle, with very bad suspension.
text: The car lurches along the path, and although Juliet
text: slows down she is constantly jolted around inside the
dialog: car. The surroundings are spectacular, but the damn
dialog: track is hell.
text: The map shows a flat open space. The car arrives there.
text: At the end of an impassible track she can make out an
text: isolated stone house.
scene_heading: PYRENEES. ISOLATED STONE HOUSE. EXT. DAY.
dialog: 2003. FALL.
text: Julieta stops the car. She gets out with Antia’s map in
text: her hand. The stone house, which looks impregnable, has
text: a fence that runs around a lush green meadow. In the
text: middle of the meadow there are two benches next to a
text: table, all made of wood and very rudimentary. Really
dialog: they are just three wooden planks on which you can sit
dialog: and rest your elbows. The house is the only visible
text: construction in the middle of nature.
text: Julieta sees a woman, Liliana, who comes up to her.
text: Liliana is dressed neutrally, tending towards the
text: masculine, and speaks with an accent from some country
text: in Eastern Europe. She greets her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m Antia Feij6oo’s mother.
text: She shows her the map. Liliana doesn’t need to look at
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I arranged to pick her up today.
speaker_heading: LILIANA
dialog: Follow me.
text: Julieta follows her. Close by there’s a tractor and in
text: the distance two cows. Nature is exuberant there,
dialog: wherever you look.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What a magnificent place! And it
dialog: couldn’t be more isolated.
text: They arrive in silence at the door of the house.
text: Liliana goes in and immediately a woman comes out
text: dressed in a knitted sweater and jeans. Casual
text: hairstyle, her face free of make-up. She greets Julieta
text: with a hospitable smile.
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Julieta Arcos?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Yes. I’m Antia’s mother.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: I’m Juana.
text: Juana gestures towards the basic table and benches in
text: the meadow, with the vast slope of a pine-covered
text: mountain in the background.
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: I’ve asked Liliana to serve us
dialog: some tea out here.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What a wonderful place!
scene_heading: 128. PYRENEES. ISOLATED STONE HOUSE. EXT. DAY.
dialog: 2003. FALL.
text: They sit down across from each other at the wooden
text: table. Juliet looks at Juana, politely impatient.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Does Antia know I’m here?
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Yes.
text: Liliana arrives with a tray and two cups. Juana takes
text: her cup. Julieta leaves her dark glasses on the table
text: along with the map her daughter sent her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I can’t wait to see her. These
dialog: three months without her have been
dialog: so long.
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Of course.
text: Julieta takes her cup. Juana’s calm and coldness
text: intimidates her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I realize you have your reasons,
dialog: but the lack of communication all
dialog: this time has been very difficult.
text: Juana takes a sip from her cup.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Will I have to wait very long?
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Julieta, the fact is, Antia isn’t
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
text: (Disconcerted, she looks around)
dialog: Isn’t this the house?
text: She shows her the map.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I followed the directions on the
dialog: map!
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Yes, this is the house. When Antia
dialog: wrote to you she thought she’d be
dialog: here, but in the end she decided
dialog: to leave.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Complaining) She could have let
dialog: me know! I’ve driven here from
dialog: Madrid.
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: I know.
text: Julieta doesn’t hide her annoyance.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: And where did she go? I hope it’s
dialog: near here!
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: (She drinks, takes her time) I
dialog: can’t tell you.
text: Julieta thinks she has misunderstood her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What?!
text: With the same serenity and leaving no room for doubt.
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: I can’t tell you where she is. I’m
dialog: sorry.
text: Julieta doesn’t understand the situation. Disconcerted:
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Reproachfully) You mean you don’t
dialog: know? You’re in charge here!
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: I’d be lying if I said no. Antia
dialog: asked me not to tell you.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Incredulous) This is ridiculous!
dialog: Are you insinuating that my
dialog: daughter doesn’t want to see me?
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Look, Julieta. Antia has chosen
dialog: her own path and you are not part
dialog: of it. I understand that for a
dialog: mother that must be painful, but
dialog: she begs you to accept it.
scene_heading: 129. PYRENEES. ISOLATED STONE HOUSE. EXT. DAY. CONT.
dialog: 2003. FALL.
text: Julieta could start shouting. She doesn’t, she murmurs
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I think I’m going to call the
dialog: police.
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Do as you wish, but it would be
dialog: best if you started to accept
dialog: reality. I understand that this
dialog: isn’t easy...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What did you do to my daughter in
dialog: these three months?!
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: We helped her. Your daughter
dialog: arrived here in a state of extreme
dialog: need.
text: Julieta gets worked up.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Need?! Of what?! She’s never
dialog: wanted for anything!
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Nevertheless she felt
dialog: unhappy. Here she discovered
dialog: very
dialog: that
dialog: her life was lacking a.. spiritual
dialog: dimension.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: I understand that your daughter
dialog: didn’t grow up in a home based on
dialog: faith. And she found that here
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Beside herself) I want her to
dialog: tell me that herself! Where is
dialog: she?
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: I can’t tell you.
text: Julieta is gripped by panic. At no
dialog: the impression that Juana is lying,
dialog: same tone of moral superiority and c
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: point does she get
dialog: or bluffing. In the
dialog: ondescension.
dialog: What matters is that Antia is
text: better than ever and she’s happy.
dialog: If you stop thinking about
dialog: yourself for a moment and think
dialog: about her you should be happy.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Suffering) You can’t tell
dialog: that!
speaker_heading: JUANA
dialog: Don’t despair. Perhaps she
dialog: decide to get in touch with
dialog: but give her time.
dialog: Cut.
dialog: me
dialog: will
dialog: you,
text: IN THE DARKNESS OF THE TUNNEL IN THE PYRENEES, IN THE
scene_heading: OPPOSITE DIRECTION.
speaker_heading: 2003. FALL
text: Shots inside Juliet’s car as, half-crazed, she goes
text: back to Madrid. The months of searching are reflected
text: in her wild-eyed expression as she drives under the
text: vault of an endless tunnel.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I reported your disappearance to
dialog: the police, I hired a_ private
dialog: detective. For the first months I
dialog: did nothing but look for you every
dialog: way I could. The only thing I
dialog: discovered was how little I knew
dialog: you.
scene_heading: 131. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. INT. DAY.
dialog: 2004. FALL.
text: Julieta puts a cake in the middle of the dining room
text: table. A perfectly round cake, an explosive red color.
text: She sticks two wax numbers in the center of the cake, a
dialog: 1 anda 9. Nineteen.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: On your 19th birthday, I bought
dialog: you a cake.
text: She hears the doorbell. Julieta answers immediately. A
dialog: mail man has brought a registered letter. She has to
text: sign for it. The address is hand-written and Julieta
text: recognizes the writing. It’s her daughter Antia’s.
text: Her heart leaps. There’s no return address. As_ she
text: closes the door she is already tearing open the
text: envelope. All she finds inside is a birthday card. It’s
text: a neutral impersonal card. It has a little pop-up vase
text: of flowers and the words “Happy Birthday”. There is
text: nothing hand written. Not even a signature. Nothing.
text: She inspects the stamps, but she doesn’t find any clue
dialog: there.
text: In the kitchen she takes the cake and, furious, throws
text: it in the garbage.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I guess that, with that brutally
dialog: impersonal card, you wanted to let
dialog: me know that you were all right.
dialog: Fade to black.
scene_heading: 132. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. SITTING
scene_heading: ROOM. INT.
scene_heading: 133. SAMUEL’S HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY. EXT.
dialog: 2004. FALL.
text: Julieta is at her computer, in the sitting room.
text: Almost the entire screen is filled with the photo of a
text: boy, 6 or 7 years old, dark and beautiful. Julieta is
text: looking at him closely. There is a written message at
text: the top of the screen. A message from Samuel, her
dialog: father.
text: Her cell phone rings, she has it next to her. She can
text: see who is calling, it’s her father. She hesitates up
text: to the last minute before answering it.
text: In the Andalusian house Samuel is sitting on a chair
text: selecting potatoes from a basin. In the background
text: Sanda is gathering clothes that had been hanging to dry
text: in the sun, and beside him, sitting on the ground, is
text: his seven year old son playing with pieces of Lego.
text: (Samuel has less hair and his beard is very white.
dialog: Sanda however looks wonderful. It’s been 16 years since
dialog: we saw her for the first time, accompanying the father
dialog: when they collected Julieta and her little girl from
dialog: the bus stop.)
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Hello, dad.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (OFF)
dialog: Hello, Julieta. Did you see the
dialog: photo I sent you?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m looking at it now.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You see how handsome your brother
dialog: is!
text: The child takes a break from his Lego building to look
text: at his father.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (To comply) Yes... he’s very
dialog: handsome.
text: Sanda appears and sits next to Samuel, listening
text: carefully to the phone conversation.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: When are you going to come and
dialog: meet him?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I can’t right now, dad. I told
dialog: you, I’m really busy. I’m sorry,
dialog: but I have to go now. I’11 call
dialog: you, OK?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Stop punishing me, Julieta. Have I
dialog: no right to be happy after your
dialog: mother’s death?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’d rather not talk about mom’s
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Remember that you’re still my
dialog: daughter, and Antia is my
dialog: granddaughter. The last time I saw
dialog: her she was still a child. Give
dialog: her lots of kisses when you see
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’ll do that. Kisses to all of you
dialog: too.
dialog: Fade to black.
scene_heading: 134. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE 1. ANTIA’S
scene_heading: BIRTHDAY. DAY AND NIGHT.
dialog: 2005. FALL.
text: Julieta finishes putting a birthday cake in the center
text: of the table in the sitting room. It has two candles
dialog: one the number 2 and the other a 0.
text: She sits down to wait. She drinks white wine while she
dialog: waits.
text: The light coming through the window gradually changes
text: until night falls. She has got dressed, put on make-up
dialog: and fixed her hair for the wait.
dialog: 135.
dialog: 136.
text: At night, when it is impossible for any card to arrive,
text: like the year before, she takes the cake and throws it
text: in the garbage can in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: For the first three years, I
dialog: bought you a cake on your
dialog: birthday. I was consoled by the
dialog: idea of celebrating the arrival of
dialog: a card from you, and at least
dialog: seeing your handwriting on the
dialog: address. I didn’t expect more, but
dialog: even that was expecting too much.
dialog: The first three years, throwing a
dialog: cake in the garbage to celebrate
dialog: your birthday became a tradition.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3" FLOOR. HOUSE 1. NIGHT.
dialog: 2006. FALL.
text: After throwing out the third cake, the one for the 21°*
text: birthday, Julieta explodes into an uncontrollable
text: catharsis, and continues throwing things on the floor.
text: She’s beside herself.
text: She goes into Antia’s room. She opens closets and
text: drawers and destroys all her belongings. She rips up
dialog: all the photos, the ones stored in a drawer and the
text: ones in frames. (The torn-up photo that was kept in a
text: blue Christmas card-sized envelope and then stuck back
text: together is in a frame on the bedside table). She takes
text: the ball and throws it out the window into the inner
text: patio. She breaks or rips everything she finds to hand.
text: She only respects the mementoes of Xoan.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. JULIETA’S HOUSE 1.
scene_heading: SUPER’S OFFICE. INT.
dialog: 2006. FALL.
text: Julieta brings down a full bag, perhaps a suitcase. She
text: is wearing dark glasses. Behind her, or in front, two
text: men come down with large black garbage bags, full of
text: ripped up items and clothes.
text: Inocencio greets to her, a little intimidated.
dialog: 137.
dialog: 138.
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Inocencio, I’m giving up the
dialog: apartment. I’m leaving Spain.
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: Oh, when are you giving it up?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: As soon as possible! Within a
dialog: week. I apologize for the
dialog: commotion last night.
speaker_heading: INOCENCIO
dialog: The tenant below you has
dialog: complained...
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: He won’t have to put up with me
dialog: any longer. Goodbye.
dialog: And she goes out.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3° FLOOR. HOUSE 1.
dialog: 2006. FALL.
dialog: The two men we saw in the previous sequence put the
text: black plastic bags into a truck parked at the front
text: door of the building.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I looked for an area of Madrid
dialog: that you had never set foot in. I
dialog: wanted to live in a place where
dialog: there was no trace of you, so that
dialog: nothing would remind me of you.
scene_heading: MADRID. FACADE OF BUILDING. EXT. DAY.
dialog: 2006. FALL.
text: The facade of a building far from the city center, an
text: anonymous, ugly street, with nothing attractive or
text: characteristic. Julieta goes into the building with a
text: wheeled suitcase.
scene_heading: MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT.
dialog: 2006-2007. FALL.
dialog: 140.
dialog: 141.
dialog: 142.
text: The interior of an impersonal apartment, decorated so
dialog: that anyone could live there. Functional and anonymous.
text: Julieta puts a photo of her with her parents on a
text: shelf, another with Xoan and another with Ava. There is
text: only the most essential furniture and the walls are
text: painted white without a single adornment.
dialog: It’s the same place where we saw her at the beginning,
text: in 2015, with Lorenzo, but with fewer things. An
text: aseptic, impersonal place with no trace of Antia.
dialog: This house is the denial of the house in which she
dialog: lived with Antia.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: FACADE AVA’S CLINIC. EXT. DAY.
dialog: 2006-2007.
text: Julieta goes into the clinic, we don’t see its name.
text: She’s carrying a bunch of flowers.
scene_heading: LOBBY OF CLINIC.
dialog: 2006-2007.
text: Julieta is waiting for the elevator. She’s distracted.
text: Lorenzo Gentile comes out of the elevator. He looks at
text: her quite openly. Julieta is still an attractive woman.
text: She rejects Lorenzo’s frank stare and looks at the back
text: of the elevator towards which she’s walking. Avoiding
text: his eye means she almost bumps into him. Lorenzo
text: apologizes, although it’s her fault.
text: Lorenzo stands outside watching Julieta disappear into
dialog: the elevator.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: AVA’S ROOM, CLINIC. INT. DAY.
dialog: 2006-2007.
text: Julieta comes into Ava’s room. The sculptress has aged,
text: naturally, but she is still a very pretty woman despite
text: her grey hair and the wrinkles. She’s very weak, but
text: she still maintains her self-assurance. Julieta leaves
text: the flowers on the bed and kisses Ava who is sitting in
dialog: a hospital armchair. We suppose that they have already
dialog: seen each other and talked of their mutual problems on
dialog: other occasions.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: How are you, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Well... the last flare-up
dialog: immobilized all my left side.. How
dialog: are you getting on in the new
dialog: apartment?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (With no enthusiasm) Better, it’s
dialog: like I was living in another city.
text: Julieta goes over to the only table to put the flowers
text: in a vase.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: They’re beautiful.
text: Julieta sees the cover of a book that is next to the
dialog: vase. The book is titled “Adiés, volcan” (Lorenzo
dialog: Gentile is the author) and the illustration on the
text: cover is one of the “seated men” sculpted by Ava.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I’ve got a present for you too,
text: it’s in the bag.
text: Ava is talking about a little bag that is on the table.
text: Julieta opens it, the gift is enveloped in plastic
text: bubble wrap. Julieta guesses what it is.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Moved) A seated man! (She presses
dialog: it against her breast) Thank you,
dialog: Ava!
text: She sits in another armchair across from the patient
text: and leaves the sculpture, still in bubble wrap, on a
text: little table between them.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Before you go I want to tell you
dialog: something, Julieta. It doesn’t
dialog: explain anything, but...
dialog: Julieta thinks it’s some secret about Xoan.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Weak) You don’t have to, Ava.
dialog: Everything has been clear between
dialog: us for a long time.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (Slight smile) It’s about Antia.
text: Julieta’s attitude changes. If it’s about Antia, she
text: wants fervently to hear it, whatever it is. The wound
text: is still raw, even though she has moved house and
dialog: erased all traces of her daughter.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: When we went to close up your
dialog: house in Redes, Marian came and
dialog: told her all the details about
dialog: Xoan’s last day. Your argument, my
dialog: visit and how Xoan put out to sea
dialog: even though it was very rough that
dialog: day.
scene_heading: 143. FLASHBACK. HOUSE IN REDES. INT. NIGHT.
dialog: 1998.
text: Marian knocks at the door of Xoan’s house. Antia runs
text: along the hallway to open the door, hug her and cry on
text: her breast. Ava interrupts what she’s doing and comes
text: out to see who has arrived. She finds Marina and Antia
text: locking in an understanding embrace. They look at Ava
text: as if she were the intruder.
scene_heading: 144. AVA’S ROOM, CLINIC. INT. DAY. CONT.
dialog: 2006-2007.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Indignant) But Marian wasn’t
dialog: there, she’d gone to her own house
dialog: by 11:00!
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: She told us that Xoan called her
dialog: to ask what you’d talked about.
text: Julieta shakes her _ head, her hatred of Marian
dialog: returning.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Puzzled) Antia didn’t say
dialog: anything to me. She never asked me
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: She did ask me, she wanted me to
dialog: confirm if you’d argued because of
dialog: me, and if it was true that the
dialog: sea was choppy. I had no idea
dialog: about the state of the sea. As for
dialog: the rest, I told her that they
dialog: weren’t subjects to discuss with a
dialog: child. She went crazy, she told me
dialog: I was a whore and blamed you and
dialog: me for Xoan going fishing...
text: Julieta listens to her, overwhelmed. (She thinks of her
dialog: she was
dialog: careful never to say a word about it to her daughter)
dialog: own
dialog: guilt complex about Xoan’s death,
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I. don’t understand... She never
dialog: reproached me about it. We didn’t
dialog: talk much, it’s true, but
dialog: adolescents are mysterious, and I
dialog: didn’t want to pester her.
text: Ava takes a deep breath to continue.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: She rang me, the same day she left
dialog: on her trip.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Surprised) She rang you? I didn’t
dialog: know.
scene_heading: 145. MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 3™° FLOOR. HOUSE
dialog: 2003.
dialog: Flashback of Antia,
dialog: next
speaker_heading: SUMMER.
text: to her half-packed suitcase, the
dialog: but
scene_heading: 1. INT. DAY.
dialog: in her room in House 3,
dialog: day
text: departure. She calls Ava, while Julieta is
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Hi, Ava, how are you?
speaker_heading: AVA (OFF)
dialog: sitting
dialog: of her
dialog: in the
dialog: Bad, Antia. They’ve given me the
dialog: diagnosis, multiple sclerosis, but
dialog: don’t tell your mother. I’11 call
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ANTIA
dialog: Ava, I’d like to talk to you but I
dialog: don’t know if this is the time.
scene_heading: 146. AVA’S ROOM, CLINIC. INT. DAY. CONT.
dialog: 147.
text: Julieta is writing in her notebook.
text: has the reconstructed photo with Antia and the pop-up
text: card with the vase of flowers that she sent her on her
dialog: 2006-2007.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: She asked me the same questions
dialog: again. Only one detail had
dialog: changed: the guilt had spread to
dialog: the three of us, she was including
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: And... why did she feel guilty?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: She’d been away, having a good
dialog: time at camp.
text: Julieta listens, shocked. Every word that Ava
dialog: increases the conviction that her daughter
dialog: stranger, that she didn’t know her.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I told her that none of us was
dialog: guilty of what happened, and that
dialog: if we were guilty, we’d already
dialog: suffered enough punishment. Do you
dialog: know what Antia answered?
text: Julieta shakes her head.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (Short of breath) That we all get
dialog: what we deserve.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. HOUSE 3. INT. NIGHT.
text: 2016. SUMMER.
dialog: was
dialog: says
dialog: a
text: On the table she
dialog: 148.
dialog: 19" birthday to remind her that she was alive. In her
text: new life, these are the only two physical reminders of
dialog: her daughter.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: I raised you in the same freedom
dialog: as my parents had raised me... When
dialog: we moved to Madrid and I fell into
dialog: that depression, I never told you
dialog: but I was suffocated by a
dialog: tremendous sense of guilt about
dialog: your father’s death and that of
dialog: the man on the train. I always
dialog: avoided talking about it, I wanted
dialog: you to grow up free of guilt. But
dialog: you sensed it, and despite my
dialog: silence I ended up infecting you
text: like a virus.
text: She looks at the open window, a slight breeze moves the
text: white net curtain. For a moment she sees the window and
dialog: invitation to the void.
scene_heading: A CEMETERY. EXT. DAY.
dialog: 2007. FALL.
dialog: At the door of the chapel: The non-believers (or simply
text: smokers) are gathered outside the door of the chapel,
text: forming little groups. Lorenzo is with three men. He
text: sees Julieta a few yards away, out of place, with black
text: glasses, her hair tied back and a black overcoat in the
text: form of a cape. On both sides of the chapel there are
text: only graves. It is a beautiful sunny fall day. Julieta
text: brings to mind that kind of emancipated, sorrowful,
dialog: attractive woman played so well by Gena Rowlands,
text: directed by John Cassavettes in the 60s.
text: Lorenzo walks over to her. And he introduces himself.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: We saw each other in the hospital
dialog: elevator.
text: Julieta looks at him closely but doesn’t remember him.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: I thought to myself: that woman is
dialog: so pretty and so.. downhearted. She
dialog: must be coming to see someone who
dialog: is very ill. I never imagined that
dialog: it was our beloved Ava.
scene_heading: 149. MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. EVENING OR NIGHT.
dialog: 150.
dialog: 151.
dialog: 152.
dialog: 2007. FALL.
text: In this period, Julieta is forty eight. Lorenzo a
text: little older, but he wears it well.
text: They drink a toast in memory of Ava, in front of the
text: sculpture of the seated man.
text: In a house radically lacking in adornments, the
text: sculpture takes on a special importance.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: Ava bequeathed me Lorenzo. I never
dialog: told him about you. There wasn’t a
dialog: single trace of you in the house,
dialog: you didn’t exist. I started a new
dialog: life with him. The days became
dialog: weeks and the weeks months and
dialog: years.. There were days I didn’t
dialog: think about you.
text: Images of life with Lorenzo.
scene_heading: MADRID. ACADEMY WHERE JULIETA TEACHES. INT.
dialog: 2010.
text: Julieta continues giving classes, this time in an
text: academy. She looks better. She’s talking about Ulysses’
dialog: descent to the Underworld, the Hell of Hades, and how
text: he found his mother who had died of sadness waiting for
dialog: him.
scene_heading: MADRID. MARIBEL YEBENES’ CLINIC. INT.
dialog: 2010.
text: Julieta is in a little room in the Maribel Yébenes
text: clinic, oxygenating her face (or some state-of-the-art
dialog: technique at that time).
scene_heading: MADRID, CINEMA. EXT.
dialog: 2010.
dialog: 153.
dialog: 154.
dialog: 155.
dialog: 156.
text: In a line for the cinema, Julieta is talking animatedly
dialog: with Lorenzo.
scene_heading: MADRID. JULIETA’S HOUSE 2. INT. NIGHT.
text: 2010. FALL.
dialog: They make love...
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI, 2™ FLOOR. HOUSE 3.
text: 2016. SUMMER.
text: Julieta in the present is still writing to her
text: daughter. She is thinner, weaker, more unstable. Her
text: skin has lost its glow compared to the previous
text: sequences, which illustrate her life with Lorenzo six
dialog: years before.
speaker_heading: JULIETA (OFF)
dialog: When an ex-drug addict, no matter
dialog: how many years he’s been clean,
dialog: relapses just once, that relapse
dialog: is fatal.. (She sighs) I abstained
dialog: from you for years, but I made the
dialog: mistake of relapsing into the hope
dialog: of finding you or hearing about
dialog: you. That absurd hope has devoured
dialog: the fragile basis on which I had
dialog: built my new life. I’ve got
dialog: nothing left now. Only you exist.
dialog: Your absence fills my life
text: completely and is destroying it.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. EXT. DAY.
text: 2016. FALL.
text: Julieta comes out of the building and walks along
text: slowly, until she is swallowed up by the crowd.
scene_heading: MADRID. NEIGHBORHOOD BASKETBALL COURT. EXT. DAY.
text: 2016. FALL.
text: Sitting on a bench inside the basketball court, at one
text: side, in the open air, Julieta imagines she’s seeing
dialog: her daughter when she played there. Two little girls
text: come into her field of vision, playing and throwing the
text: ball at the basket. If it’s a hallucination, Julieta
dialog: gives herself up to it.
text: Across from Julieta, on the other side of the court,
text: Beatriz is sitting on another bench. She is checking
text: her mail on an iPad. Neither sees the other at first.
text: Julieta is concentrating on the girls’ game and Beatriz
text: is reading and answering her messages.
text: Beatriz looks up to check on the girls and that is when
text: she sees Julieta in the background. She waves to her
text: surprised by the encounter.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Julieta!
text: Julieta is still distracted by the children. Beatriz
text: crosses the court and repeats her name. Julieta sees
text: her approaching, she looks at her as if she were a
text: ghost, she doesn’t react.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Julieta! It’s me, Bea!
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Getting up, as if out of it)
dialog: Beatriz! Is it really you?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: (Alarmed) Of course! Are you all
dialog: right, Julieta?
text: Julieta hugs Beatriz and bursts into tears. Beatriz
text: keeps her arms around her and waits until she gets it
dialog: all out.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: There, there... and you were so well
dialog: when I saw you...
text: They separate slowly.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Exhausted and tearful) Those two
dialog: little girls reminded me of you
dialog: and Antia.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: They’re my nieces. But what’s
dialog: happened to you? The last time I
dialog: saw you, you looked so well!
text: They sit together on the bench where Julieta had been.
text: Julieta gradually calms down.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: When we met, I didn’t say
dialog: anything, but I haven’t seen
dialog: Antia, or heard anything about
dialog: her, for twelve years...
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Twelve years!
text: She nods. She pauses.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Did you really meet her, like you
dialog: told me?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Yes, I met her and it was very
dialog: unpleasant, I didn’t tell you
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Puzzled) Unpleasant? Why?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Antia didn’t want to talk to me,
dialog: she did everything she could to
dialog: avoid me. She said she didn’t know
dialog: me, that I’d mistaken her for
dialog: someone else. But I knew it was
dialog: her. In the end she had no choice
dialog: but to talk to me.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Is it true about the children? She
dialog: has children?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Yes, three. When I saw her she had
text: two of them with her.
text: Julieta listens closely, disconcerted.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: But why didn’t she want to talk to
dialog: you? You were her best friend!
dialog: Asserting her status:
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: We were more than that, Julieta.
text: Julieta looks at her, confused. Has she misunderstood
dialog: her?
text: But Julieta isn’t sure she understands her.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: After the camp we were
dialog: inseparable. Don’t you remember?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Hesitating) Yes.. of course, you
dialog: were always together.
dialog: And Beatriz
text: doesn’t want to be left alone with her memories of
dialog: There’s no one better to share them with than
dialog: Julieta.
dialog: Antia.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: We couldn’t live without each
dialog: other! It’s a pity that at the end
dialog: it was hell.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Hell?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: (Almost a reproach) I see you
dialog: don’t know anything.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Admitting) No, I don’t know
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: I decided to go and study Design
text: in New York to get away from her.
dialog: I didn’t give her my address but I
dialog: called her and that was when Antia
dialog: told me she’d decided to go away
dialog: to a retreat in the Pyrenees. I
dialog: just wanted her to leave me in
dialog: peace.
text: Julieta is trying to process all this information. She
text: wanders among all the details.
dialog: her d
dialog: when she went away.
dialog: She never imagined that
text: aughter was suffering from a romantic break-up
dialog: difficult girl.
dialog: She doesn’t even remember her as a
dialog: 157.
dialog: 158.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: And... did you speak again? Were you
dialog: in touch?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: Well, she called me once... but she
dialog: was already a different person.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: In what way?
speaker_heading: BEATRIZ
dialog: She told me that she regretted our
dialog: relationship and was ashamed of
dialog: it. And she didn’t want to know
dialog: anything about me. She said that
dialog: she was a new person, that she’d
dialog: finally found her path and I
dialog: wasn’t part of it. She sounded
text: like a fanatic, Julieta. She
dialog: scared me.
dialog: Cut.
scene_heading: MADRID. IN THE STREET. EXT. DAY. CONT.
text: 2016. FALL.
text: Julieta is walking along under the weight of Bea’s
text: confession. Her lips are moving, as if she were talking
text: to an invisible Antia. She bumps into people. We see
text: her from the point of view of someone watching from the
text: opposite sidewalk.
text: Like a zombie, she comes to a pedestrian crossing. She
text: doesn’t look at the red light. She thinks she sees
text: Lorenzo on the opposite sidewalk, appearing and
text: disappearing among the people. And she starts to cross.
text: A car almost runs her down, the driver manages to avoid
text: her in time, only grazing her, but it’s enough to knock
text: her to the ground.
dialog: Fade to black.
scene_heading: MADRID. HOSPITAL ROOM.
text: 2016. FALL.
text: Julieta wakes in a hospital bed. Her right wrist is
text: bandaged and she has some superficial cuts on her
text: cheek. Lorenzo is sitting beside her.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Lorenzo!
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: (Fondly, without overwhelming her)
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: My mouth is dry.
text: Lorenzo pours her a glass of water. He is an intrigued,
text: attentive man. He is still affected.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: What a coincidence that you were
dialog: there when the accident happened!
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Yes.. I came back from Portugal
dialog: four days ago and.. I went straight
dialog: to your house to see if I might be
dialog: in luck, and I saw you coming out.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: But.. I moved house, Lorenzo... I
dialog: don’t live there anymore.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: You do? How did you find out?
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: The first days I followed you to
dialog: see what you were doing.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Oh...
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Anyone less distracted than you
dialog: would have realized.
text: Julieta is listening carefully.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: When I realized that I was turning
dialog: into one of those obsessive
dialog: Patricia Highsmith characters,
dialog: 159.
dialog: 160.
dialog: hiding around corners or keeping
dialog: watch on your house, I stopped
dialog: following you and rT went to
dialog: Portugal to write. I came back a
dialog: few days ago.
text: Julieta thinks of the tough process she has’ gone
dialog: through since the last time she saw Lorenzo.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: (Touched) Forgive me for saying
dialog: goodbye to you in such an awful
dialog: way.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. EXT. DAY.
text: 2016. FALL.
text: Lorenzo gets out of a taxi in front of Julieta’s house
text: 3, in the same building as House 1.
scene_heading: MADRID. 19, FERNANDO VI. 2™° FLOOR. HOUSE 3. LANDING
text: INT.
text: 2016. FALL.
text: Lorenzo has got Julieta’s keys in his hand. He opens
dialog: the door.
text: He finds a letter lying on the floor. He picks it up
text: and takes it with him. He just looks at the address,
text: it’s for Julieta. It doesn’t look like advertising.
text: It’s hand written. It’s Antia’s writing but Lorenzo
text: doesn’t recognize it. There’s a return address, a town
dialog: in Switzerland.
text: In the bedroom, he fills one of Julieta’s bags with
dialog: clothes, the most essential things. He doesn’t know the
text: apartment, but he knows her belongings. He is amazed by
text: the bareness of the place, there are no decorative
text: items, except for Ava’s omnipresent sculpture.
text: On the desk, he finds the notebooks which Julieta has
text: written to Antia. Lorenzo looks at them, paralyzed,
text: because he senses that their pages uncover the enigma
text: surrounding Julieta. The last notebook is still open at
text: the latest notes. He closes it. He avoids the
text: temptation of reading those lines, still fresh.
text: He sees the reconstructed photo of Julieta and Antia on
dialog: the table.
dialog: 161.
dialog: 162.
text: He also discovers a photo of the two of them, Julieta
dialog: and Lorenzo, on one of their trips. For Lorenzo, the
text: sight of this photo, framed and resting on the desk, is
text: vital. It shows him that he isn’t out of Julieta’s
dialog: life.
scene_heading: HOSPITAL. INT. DAY.
text: 2016. FALL.
text: The bag with Julieta’s belongings is lying open on the
text: bed. Lorenzo is sitting on the only chair, reading a
dialog: newspaper.
text: Julieta comes out of the bathroom. She looks better
text: although she’s still convalescing. She still has the
text: sensation that her body doesn’t belong to her. She is
dialog: an expert in that sensation.
text: Julieta is wearing a bathrobe. She looks in the bag for
text: something and takes out the plastic toilet bag. She
text: sees the notebooks at the bottom. She takes them out
text: and looks at them for a moment.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Have you read them?
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: Nooo! I didn’t have time, and
dialog: anyway I wouldn’t have dared.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: Read them if you want, and then
dialog: destroy them.
text: Julieta looks into the bottom of the bag again, she
text: glimpses a letter at the bottom. She puts her hand in
text: and pulls it out. When she sees her address her heart
text: leaps. She recognizes Antia’s handwriting immediately.
text: Trembling, she turns the letter over to see if it has a
text: return address. This time it does, this time she finds
text: her daughter’s name and her address in Switzerland.
dialog: Mix-Parking Cioss. Sognono.
text: A CAR. ON THE ROAD.
text: 2016. FALL.
text: Lorenzo is driving the car. Julieta is next to him. The
text: trees lining the road are reflected on and invade the
text: windscreen. Lorenzo and Julieta are pensive and silent.
text: We hear the contents of Antia’s letter. Antia’s words
text: acquire great presence, as if she were in the back seat
text: saying the contents of the letter aloud.
speaker_heading: ANTIA (OFF)
dialog: Dear mom, I don’t know if you’re
dialog: still in Madrid or if you’re
dialog: living in the same house, but I
dialog: have no other address to write to
dialog: you. I have three children. Xoan,
dialog: the eldest, was only nine when he
dialog: drowned in a river. And I am
dialog: insane with grief. In these
dialog: moments, the worst of my whole
dialog: life, I’m thinking of you. Now I
dialog: understand what you must _ have
dialog: suffered when I disappeared... I
dialog: couldn’t imagine it. Unless you’ve
dialog: suffered it you can’t imagine it.
speaker_heading: JULIETA
dialog: I’m not going to ask her for an
dialog: explanation. I just want to be
dialog: with her, but she didn’t invite me
dialog: to visit her.
speaker_heading: LORENZO
dialog: After thirteen years she didn’t
dialog: dare, but she put her return
dialog: address.
text: The car is driving through an idyllic Swiss valley. A
text: road sign says that they are on the road to Sonogno and
dialog: that the car can’t go over 50 kilometers per hour.
text: Julieta isn’t in a hurry and the views through the car
dialog: window are so beautiful.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
