speaker_heading: JURASSIC PARK III
dialog: Written by
dialog: Peter Buchman
dialog: revisions by
dialog: Alexander Payne, Jim Taylor and John August
scene_heading: 1 	EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN – DAY	1
text: A speedboat cuts swiftly through the ocean swells beneath the
text: looming cliffs of ISLA SORNA.
scene_heading: 2 	EXT. BOAT - DAY 							2
text: Illegal Costa Rican parasail operator ENRIQUE CARDOSO helps
text: Americans BEN HILDEBRAND and twelve-year-old ERIC KIRVY --
text: already wearing life-vests -- strap themselves into a two-
text: person PARASAIL HARNESS.
scene_heading: 3 	EXT. BOAT - DAY 							3
text: Ben and Eric clamber onto a makeshift PLATFORM that hangs over
text: the back of the board. Dangling from Ben's neck is a CAMCORDER.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You make sure to get us as close as you can,
dialog: okay? If it's a good trip, I'll give you a
dialog: little extra.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Don't worry. I take you close. But not too
dialog: close.
dialog: (rubbing Eric's head)
dialog: You don't want them to eat you.
text: Enrique heads toward the driver's seat and a large SECOND-HAND
text: WINCH bolted to the deck.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ready, amigos?
text: Ben and Eric nod excitedly and give the thumbs up. Ben lifts the
text: camcorder to the record the action.
text: Enrique jams the down the throttle down, and with a loud RAOR, the
text: speedboat shoots forward. Soon the boat is whipping across the
text: rolling ocean.
text: Strapped together, Ben and Eric lean back over the passing
text: water, intently watching for Enrique's signal.
text: As the boat picks up speed, Enrique eyes the speedometer.
text: Ben grabs the end of the RIPCORD attached to the harness. He and
text: Eric braces themselves.
text: Enrique finally signals with a pulling motion. He pulls
text: the winch, Ben yanks the cord and -
text: WOOOSH! A brightly colored PARASAIL blossoms behind the boat,
text: hoisting Ben and Eric aloft. In a big BLOCK LETTERS on the
text: parasail is stitched "DINO-SOAR."
text: THE TOWNLINE unsold rapidly from its enormous reel.
text: BEN AND ERIC climb higher and higher.
text: ENRIQUE keeps an eye on the clients. When they reach a certain
text: height, he LOCKS OFF the reel.
text: High overhead, Ben and Eric are floating in wonderful, quiet
text: splendor. The motor of the boat now sounds strangely distant.
text: Down below, the boat enters a think blanket of FOG.
text: Eric points excitedly at the islands as Ben films him with the
dialog: camera.
text: Then, a sudden TUG on the thing line cause Ben to drop the camera,
text: which now dangles from his neck.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: What was that?
text: A second tug...and now the faintest of screams.
text: Ben and Eric look down to find that the boat has disappeared
text: into the low bank of FOG.
text: By the time the boat emerges on the far side of the mist...THEIR
text: IS NO SIGN OF ENRIQUE. The deck is splattered with blood.
text: As Ben considers the driverless boat...
speaker_heading: ERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: Ben!
text: Ben glances over at Eric, staring in horror at something
text: below. Following his gaze, Ben finds that their boat is only
text: moments away from crashing into A LARGE REEF.
text: Sticking out of the water, the imposing reef is being battered
dialog: by waves.
text: AS THE BOAT SMASHES INTO THE REEF, it splinters into a
dialog: number of pieces.
text: A panicked Ben turns to Eric.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Unclip your line!
text: Eric and Ben frantically unclip their lines. Catching an
text: updraft, the parasailers float upward.
text: A strong wind sends them wafting over the daunting cliffs
text: of ISLA SORNA...
scene_heading: 4 	EXT. SUBURBAN BACKYARD - DAY 					4
text: TWO PLASTIC DINOSAURS enter the frame and do battle accompanied
text: by a child's ferocious sounds.
speaker_heading: CHILD (O.S.)
scene_heading: RRRRROW! GRRRRRR!
scene_heading: WINDER TO REVEAL -
text: CHARLIE, a three-year old boy, plays in a sandbox with his
text: favorite toy dinosaurs. ALAN GRANT squats next to him and
text: watches with great delight.
text: ELLIE SATLER stands over them, an INFANT in her arms -- a
dialog: picture of the perfect family.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Oh, actually, Charlie, those two are
dialog: herbivores. They wouldn't be interested in
dialog: fighting each other. But these...
dialog: (picking up two other dinosaurs)
dialog: See, these are carnivores. And this one here
dialog: -- see its claws -- this one here uses its
text: claws to gouge at the throat of its opponent
text: As Grant demonstrates with some GRUNT and GROANS of his
text: own, he only succeeds in frightening the boy.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Uh, Alan?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: He's three. Why don't you wait till he's a
dialog: little older?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Oh, right.
dialog: (back to Charlie)
dialog: Happy dinosaurs.
text: He bounces them along the sandbox edge.
text: Then, the sound of a CAR ENGINE turning off and a door
text: SLAMMING is heard.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: That must be Mark.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Mark, we’re back here!
text: Ellie and Grant turn to see --
text: MARK DEGLER coming through the gate carrying a briefcase. He's their age, handsome but not annoyingly so, with a friendly,
dialog: balance demeanor.
text: He and Ellie kiss tenderly on the lips.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Good day?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Keeping the world safe.
dialog: (re: baby)
dialog: Here, let me take her.
text: Ellie hands off the baby.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Mark, this is Alan Grant.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Nice to meet you, Alan. I've heard a lot about
dialog: you.
text: The two men shake hands, and we now realize it is Grant
text: who is the stranger in this household. Little Charlie runs to
text: his father, showing his dinosaur.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Daddy, this is a herbabore.
text: Grant smiles uncomfortably, a third wheel.
scene_heading: 5 	INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT 					5
text: WINDEN to a PARROT in a large cage. Grant is teasing
text: the bird with a cookie, holding a it just out of reach.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What's my name? Come on, Jack, say it. Is my
dialog: name Alan? Say my name.
text: The bird doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: He used to know me.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Sorry, Alan it's been six years.
text: Grant shrugs, gives Jack the cookie, and heads towards the table.
text: The three adults are finishing their dessert and coffee. The
text: The children have been out to bed.
text: An awkward moment of silence. Uncomfortable smiles. Then --
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: More coffee?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (relived)
dialog: Yes. Great.
text: Mark stands and collects their cups.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: So, Mark's working at the State Department
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Really?
dialog: (To Mark)
dialog: What do you do there?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: (with mock bravado)
dialog: I could tell you about it, but than I'd have to
dialog: kill you.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Indeed.
text: Mark smiles, nodding. Then he goes into the kitchen. Another
text: uncomfortable silence.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: So what are you working on now?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We have a new site in Montana. At least until
text: the money runs out.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Anything good?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Raptors, mostly.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: My favorite.
text: Grant leans forward, realizing Ellie's one of the few people he
dialog: can talk to about this.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You remember the sounds they made?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I try not to.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We've done cranial scans, and raptors
dialog: actually had a quite sophisticated
dialog: resonating chamber. I have a theory that
dialog: their ability to vocalize is the key to their
dialog: social intelligence. The way they can work
dialog: together as a team.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: You think they could talk to each other?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: To a degree we never imagined.
text: And from the cage in the corner of the room...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bullshit!
text: Both look back at the parrot. ELLIE smiles.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: You taught him that.
scene_heading: 6 	EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - NIGHT 					6
text: Ellie and Grant head toward the rental car parked in the
dialog: driveway.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Good luck with the fund raising.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It was never easy, but before Jurassic Park,
dialog: you could find money. Somewhere. Now fossils
dialog: are out. Everyone wants to see a real live
dialog: dinosaur.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Times change Alan. But you're the still the
dialog: best. I mean that.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: The last of my breed.
text: A long moment passes between them as both consider where
dialog: they've ended up.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd better get going.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Let me know if I can help, Alan. You’re bad
dialog: about asking for help, but please ask me.
dialog: Anything, anytime.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (deep down knowing he never
dialog: will)
dialog: Okay. Goodbye, Ellie.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Goodbye, Alan.
text: Not sure what the right thing to do is, they finally end up with
text: a friendly hug. They keep it short.
text: Grant gets in his car. Starts the ENGINE.
text: He's about to pull off when Ellie knocks on the window. He rolls
dialog: it down.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: When I met you, I thought that one day
dialog: millions of years ago, all the dinosaurs
dialog: became extinct. Wiped out. But you told me
dialog: otherwise. When conditions changed,
dialog: dinosaurs changed. They became other things.
dialog: They evolved.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: A well-accepted theory.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Alan don't be afraid to evolve.
text: Grant hears her, but Ellie knows it didn't really get through.
text: A forced half-smile, than Grant waves goodbye.
text: Ellie watches as he drives off.
scene_heading: 7 	INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY 						7
text: The last stop on Grant's fund-raising tour, it's a public
text: lecture hosted by some foundation. There are SCIENTISTS and
text: STUDENTS here, but also a lot of DINO-FANS, some even with
dialog: costumes.
text: Grant finishes his speech to what was a full house -- some
text: ATTENDEES are grabbing their coats and sneaking out. This
text: wasn't the exciting guest speaker they were all expecting.
text: A new slide comes up. Just black and white, and indecipherable.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It's through the painstaking study of the
text: Interior chamber in multiple specimens that
dialog: we can determine this exciting correlation
text: between the larynx and the upper plate. That
dialog: lets us theorize -- theorize, mind you -- that
dialog: the raptor might have been capable of bird-
dialog: like vocalizations. Which as you can
dialog: imagine, would be a tremendous breakthrough.
text: He's finished, but no one seems to notice at first. Then the
text: SYMPOSTUM LEADER stands up, leading a smattering round of
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE.
scene_heading: SYMPOSTIUM LEADER
dialog: Thank you very much Dr. Grant. Now does
dialog: anyone have a question?
text: Nearly every hand goes up. Grant doesn't seem surprised.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Does anyone have a question that doesn't
dialog: relate to Jurassic Park?
text: Quite a few hands go down.
speaker_heading: GRANT (cont'd)
dialog: Or the incident in San Diego, which I'll
dialog: remind you, I did not witness.
text: Now most of the hands are down. Picking one of the few
dialog: remaining...
speaker_heading: MALE STUDENT
dialog: Your theory on raptors is good and all, but
dialog: isn't all this conjecture kind of moot?
text: The STUDENT'S BUDDY nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: MALE STUDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, once the U.N. and Costa Rica and
dialog: everyone decides how to handle the second
dialog: island, scientist will just go in and look
dialog: for themselves.
scene_heading: TOO-CLEVER SCIENCE REPORTER
dialog: Isn't paleontology itself in danger of
dialog: extinction?
text: Recognizing those as fighting words, the symposium leader is
text: about to step in. But Grant will take this himself.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: No, and let me be perfectly clear on this
dialog: point. Dinosaurs lived 65 million years ago.
text: What's left of them is fossilized in stone
dialog: the actual scientists spend years to
dialog: undercover.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: what John Hammond and InGen created are
dialog: theme park monsters. Nothing more, nothing
dialog: less.
text: The class clearly disagrees with his assessment.
scene_heading: ANOTHER STUDENT
dialog: You're saying you wouldn't want to study
dialog: them if you had the chance?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: No force on this earth or in heaven could get me on
dialog: that island.
scene_heading: 8 	INT. DERELICT COCKPIT - DAY 					8
text: Looking through the cracked windshield of a junkyard plane, we
text: see someone spray painting red circles on the outside of the
dialog: glass.
scene_heading: 9 	EXT. AIRCRAFT GRAVEYARD - DAY 					9
text: NASH, a wry, intelligent mercenary pilot and soldier, is
text: painting huge eyes the windows of a wrecked plane. Finished, he
text: tosses the paint can through the open windows and walks quickly
text: away from the plane.
text: We now see that RED TEETH are painted on the craft's nose. It
text: looks absurdly like some angry beast.
text: We are one the edge of a dry lake bed, part of an aircraft
text: graveyard. Wrecked planes lie all around.
text: We hear a phone RINGING...
scene_heading: 10 	INT. CARGO PLANE - DAY 					 10
text: A RINGING satellite phone rests on a stack of gun cases.
text: UDESKY, the leader of this crew, answers it.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: Udesky.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes sir. we're good to go. I'll lock it down as
dialog: soon as you drop me the payment.
text: With the phone still to his ear, Udesky wanders out of the
dialog: craft...
scene_heading: 11 	EXT. CARGO PLANE - DAY 					 11
text: Udesky looks over at Nash and COOPER, another mercenary.
text: Cooper's the quiet muscle of the bunch, a weapons specialist. He
text: finishes loading a massive gun, essentially a hand-cannon. It's
text: aimed at Nash's grimacing aircraft.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: That's right, two of the very best I could
dialog: find. No, I haven't worked with them
dialog: personally, but they come with the highest
dialog: recommendations.
dialog: Then --
text: Cooper FIRES at the grimacing aircraft. A projectile rockets
text: into the plane and EXPLODES with a fireball.
text: Nash and Cooper exchange a satisfied smile.
speaker_heading: UDESKY (CONT'D)
dialog: You've got nothing to worry about, sir. This
dialog: is going to be a piece of cake.
text: Pieces of the demolished craft come raining down.
scene_heading: 12 	EXT. EXCAVATION BASE CAMP, PT. PECK LAKE, MT - DAY 	12
text: CLOSE ON a man's hand, carefully scraping the stone away from a
text: dinosaur fossil. We follow his hand back as he wipes off his
text: sweaty brow, revealing him to be BILLY BRENNAN, 25, an
dialog: associate professor and site manager. He's a charmer.
text: Looking past him, we see CHERYL, 21, a junior at junior of State. She's one
text: of a dozen COLLEGE STUDENTS working at the site, and the one
text: most smitten with her supervisor.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Billy? I don't think I'm doing this right.
text: He scoots over, lying down beside her. Checks her work.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You need to go slowly. See, just take it little
dialog: at a time.
text: She's not listening, just watching his eyelashes.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: I can never tell what's bone and what's rock.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Technically, it's all rock. The calcium in the
text: bones is replaced during fossilization. But
dialog: you can feel the difference. See? Rough,
text: smooth. Rough, smooth.
text: He runs her bare fingers over the two different patches, showing
text: her. After a pause, she runs her finger along his
text: stubbly chin...
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Rough.
text: ...and along his lips.
speaker_heading: CHERYL (cont'd)
dialog: Smooth.
text: Billy may not have started this flirtation, but he's not ending
dialog: it either. It's then that a
speaker_heading: SHADOW
text: falls across them. Billy looks up to see...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Dr. Grant!
text: Grant has just returned, a bag over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Mr. Brennan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 12A	EXT. WALKING TO THE MAIN TENTS - DAY 			12A
text: Billy takes one of Grant's bags, talking as they go.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: How was your trip? Profitable?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We'll be broke in four weeks.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Three weeks. I had to rent some equipment.
text: The cross into one of the tents, which only has two "walls". On
text: a dust-taped table, a dusty Macintosh is feeing data into a
text: strange machine the size of a dorm refrigerator. A mechanical arm sweeps
text: back and forth across a tray of fine sand.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You rented an automated litter box.
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: It's a rapid prototyper. I feed in the scan
text: data from the raptor skull, than the computer
text: breaks it into thousands of slices which this
text: thing prints, one layer on top of the other.
dialog: It's the future of paleontology.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Not if it can't dig.
text: The arm stops and suddenly the tray of sand shakes, dropping
text: through holes in the bottom to reveal an object the size of
text: a person's fist.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I give you a raptor's resonating chamber.
text: Grant hates technology, but he can't help but be amazed by the
text: result. He lifts the strange object up, shaking out the
text: remaining sand.
text: Billy puts it to his lips and blows through it like a conch shell.
text: The resulting SOUND is unique and piercing, the cry of an
text: non-existent animal. Grant is speechless with excitement. And so he
text: uses it again and again, producing different SOUNDS and
dialog: variations.
text: In the distance, flocks of birds rise to the sky and fly off.
text: Billy looks up to see a MAN and a WOMAN getting out of
text: a Cadillac. Cheryl is pointing them in the direction of the
dialog: tent.
speaker_heading: BILLY (cont'd)
dialog: (falsely casual)
dialog: Oh, I forgot to tell you. Some visitors
dialog: wanted to come by and talk	to you. I
dialog: told them you'd be happy to see them.
dialog: maybe even have dinner with them.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: They're here.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What?
dialog: Only now does Grant realize these two people
text: Who were walking up to them.
text: Putting on a friendly smile, Billy goes up to them.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Dr. Grant?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: Paul Kirby. Kirby Enterprises
dialog: (reaching into his pocket)
dialog: My card.
text: PAUL KIRBY is a talkative optimist with
text: no "off" switch. His wife AMANDA KIRBY, just
text: as friendly, is harder to read. There seems to be
text: exhaustion behind her eyes.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What can I do for you, Mr. Kirby?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well sir, I am a great admirer
dialog: of yours, and I have an extremely interesting
dialog: proposition to discuss. Would you let my wife
dialog: and I take you to have dinner tonight? Our treat.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You know, I've been traveling and I'm very
text: tired. Maybe some other time.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I guarantee it'll be worth your while.
text: Behind Kirby, Bill furtively rubs his thumb and fingers
text: together, indicating the guy is loaded.
text: Grant musters a weak smile.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It's be my pleasure.
scene_heading: 13 	INT. HELL CREEK BAR AND GRILL, JORDAN, MT - NIGHT 	13
text: They’re only halfway through the entree, but Grant is ready to
text: bolt. It's only Billy who's keeping him from being rude. They walk
text: over to Paul and Amanda’s table and sit down.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: First off let me say as a dinosaur enthusiasts,
dialog: Amanda and I have admired your work for
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It is truly, what’s the word? Inspiring.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: It's everything Grant can do just to be polite. He desperately
text: wants to leave and get back to his dig.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Amanda and I, well, we just love the outdoors.
dialog: Heck we've been on pretty much any adventure
dialog: tour they can come up with: Galapagos, K2,
dialog: the Nile...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: We even have two seats reserved aboard the
dialog: first commercial moon flight.
text: Billy nudges Grant.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Hmmm.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Now, for our wedding anniversary this year
dialog: we wanted to do something really special,
dialog: something...
text: He places his hand on his wife's.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: ...once-in-a-lifetime.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We've arranged for a private airplane to
dialog: take us flying over Isla Sorna. And we want
dialog: you to be our guide.
text: The Kirby's look to Grant as if they've offered him an amazing
text: gift. But Grant just sighs and smooths the tablecloth.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: That's a very nice offer, Mr. Kirby, but I'm
dialog: afraid I'm much to busy. If you like I can
dialog: refer you to a number of highly qualified...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, no, see Dr. Grant, you're the best. You've
dialog: seen these animals in the flesh. No one else
dialog: has come close to you.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I'm flattered, but I've taken this little
dialog: adventure tour. And with the air
dialog: restrictions they've imposed after the
dialog: incident in San Diego, you can’t fly low
dialog: enough to see anything of interest.
text: Paul is momentarily stymied, but Amanda rallies.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You see, that's just the thing. Paul and I
dialog: have special permission to fly low.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: How low?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, I'm no aviation specialist. But I do
dialog: know it's hell of a lot lower than anyone
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: From what I understand, it's pretty much
dialog: whatever we want.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: That's hard to believe.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let's just say that through my business --
dialog: imports/exports, emerging markets -- I've
dialog: made some friends in high places. In this
dialog: case, the Costa Rican government.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Dr. Grant, you don't know how important it is
dialog: for us to have you come along. It would make
dialog: all the difference.
text: Grant is trying to find another way to say no, when Paul pulls
text: out his checkbook.
speaker_heading: PUAL
dialog: And of course, we're prepared to make a
dialog: sizeable contribution to your research here.
dialog: Billy looks at Grant. Don't say no.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: I can write all kinds of numbers on this
dialog: check. Just tell me what exactly it would
dialog: take.
text: We HOLD ON a conflicted Dr. Alan Grant.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 	EXT. SKY - DAY 							14
scene_heading: NNNNNRRRRRRNNNNNRRRRR...
text: A SMALL AIRPLANE - a Beechcraft Kingair 200 Turboprop, to be
text: exact - cruises through clear blue skies.
scene_heading: 15 	INT. PLANE - DAY 							15
text: Grant re-settles, trying to get comfortable. Billy is across
text: from him, finishing cleaning his camera lenses before putting
text: them back in the ragged case.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Even with what I pay you, you could get a
dialog: better bag.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: No way. This is lucky. Couple years ago
dialog: some buddies and I went hang gliding off
dialog: these cliffs in New Zealand. Updraft sent me
text: right into the side. BOOM!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: That does sound lucky.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: It was this strap alone that saved my life.
text: Got caught on a rock as I was falling.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Reverse-Darwinism. Survival of the most
dialog: idiotic.
dialog: Because he hasn't really said it...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Listen Alan, I really appreciate you
dialog: bringing me along.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: The bones will be there when we get back.
dialog: That's the nice thing about them. They never
text: run away.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And besides, you got me into this. I don't
dialog: intend to be alone with these people.
scene_heading: ON PAUL AND AMANDA
text: sitting near the front of the plane. Paul draws a long, nervous
text: breath and looks at Amanda. She seems just as tense.
text: Finally finding a comfortable position, Grant puts his hat over
text: his eyes, ready to take a nap.
text: Done with his camera, Billy turns to someone just off screen.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: So how do you know the Kirby's?
dialog: and we reveal...
dialog: Mercenary Cooper, the weapons specialist we met earlier. He's
text: wearing sunglasses so dark you can't tell whether he's staring
dialog: at you or fast asleep.
text: He doesn't answer. Did he even hear? And then --
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: Through our church.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What Religion?
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: Uh…the one that worships God and believes in being
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: 16 	EXT. SKY - DAY 							16
text: The plane continues onward.
scene_heading: 17 	INT. PLANE - DAY / HOURS LATER 					17
text: Grant slowly wakes in his chair, groggy. All the other
text: passengers are fast asleep. Then Grant turns to his right.
speaker_heading: A RAPTOR
text: sits besides him. The dinosaur eyes him curiously, then opens
dialog: his mouth...
speaker_heading: RAPTOR
dialog: Alan.
text: And than it STRIKES.
scene_heading: 18 	INT. PLANE - DAY 					 		18
text: Grant wakes up with a start, disoriented. Billy is leaning over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Alan. We're almost there.
text: The adrenaline still surging through him, Grant turns and looks
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW.
text: Clouds obscure the view, than parts reveal
speaker_heading: ISLA SORNA
text: rising majestically out of the water.
scene_heading: 19 	EXT. SKY - COUNTINUOUS DAY 					19
text: We watch the plane descend sharply to the island.
scene_heading: 20 	INT. PLANE - COUNTINUOUS DAY 					20
text: In various combinations, Grant and Billy, Paul and Amanda look
text: out the windows at the amazingly green island.
text: Cooper looks out through a window of his own.
scene_heading: 21 	INT. COCKPIT - COUNTINUOUS DAY 				21
text: Here we find the rest of the crew from the junkyard. Nash is
dialog: piloting.
text: A VOICE comes over their radio headsets.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: (Spanish accent)
text: Unidentified aircraft approaching Isla
dialog: Sorna, this is San Juan approach. You are
text: flying in restricted airspace. Immediately
dialog: turn to the coordinates two-zero-zero. I repeat
dialog: redirect to...
text: A look from Nash then Udesky switches off the radio.
scene_heading: 22 	EXT. PLANE - COUNTINUOUS DAY 				 22
text: The plane now descends to a mere hundred feet above the
text: treetops.
scene_heading: 23 	INT. PLANE - CONTINUOUS DAY 				 23
text: Paul puts his hand atop Amanda's as they stare intently out the
dialog: window.
text: Billy looks to Grant.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Admit it. You're excited.
dialog: Grant will admit nothing.
text: Calling back from the cockpit...
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: Cooper! Yell up if you see anything!
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: (yelling back)
dialog: No, I thought I'd keep it to myself.
text: Suddenly Grant spots...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: There. There! An Apatosaur. Look at the
dialog: coloration.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA SORNA – GRASSY FIELD – CONTINUOUS DAY
text: An Apatosaur is grazing on the grass.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE – CONTINUOUS DAY
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: I'm so use to seeing bones. It's weird to see
dialog: skin.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Kirby! If you look out the right
dialog: you can see...
text: But Paul just waves him away with a hand, staring intently out
text: his window. We HOLD ON Grant a moment, thinking that odd.
scene_heading: 24 	INT. COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS DAY 				 24
text: Udesky puts down his binoculars.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
text: South shore is clear. The rest is rock.
speaker_heading: NASH
dialog: Are we on?
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: We're on.
scene_heading: 25 	INT. MAIN CABIN - CONTINUOUS DAY 			 25
text: Looking out the window, Grant notices they're flying awfully
text: low. Just then, he hears a MECHANICAL HUM and a LOW RUSH from
dialog: outside. Now wanting to believe --
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: That's not the landing gear?
text: Paul, Amanda and Cooper don't respond.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: What you're...
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: You can't land.
text: Paul turns back to him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dr. Grant if you'd just sit tight, we'll
dialog: explain this all in a jiffy.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: This plane can not land!
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It's going to be all right. Just...
text: Grant is out of his seat, heading for the cockpit. He'll wrestle
dialog: the controls if he has to.
text: Cooper grabs him, pulling him back. Grant starts to struggle,
text: but he's certainly no match. A well-practiced fist hits him
text: dead on.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 26 	OVER THE DARKNESS 						26
text: we hear Amanda's voice, strangely distant but amplified.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Eric! Eric! Are you there honey? Ben!
dialog: Erriccc!
text: Her calls continue as we FADE UP to...
scene_heading: 27 	INT. PLANE - DAY 							27
text: GRANT'S P.O.V. -- blurry and disorientated. He finds himself lying
text: on the floor of the plane.
text: Seeing him come to, Billy helps him slowly get up. Grant's head
text: is pounding.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Tell me we didn't land.
text: By his expression, we see Billy would have to lie.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I think they're looking for someone.
scene_heading: 28 	EXT. LANDING STRIP, ISLA SORNA - DAY 			 28
text: The jungle has almost reclaimed this patchy vine-covered
text: runway. The airplane is parked at one end.
text: Nash, Udesky, and Cooper are checking their weapons.
text: Amanda is at the edge of the tarmac calling into the jungle on a
speaker_heading: BULLHORN.
text: Billy and a groggy Grant emerge from the airplane. Paul trots
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dr. Grant, are you alright? I'm sorry we
dialog: had to be so...
text: The three mercenaries are now walking into the jungle with
dialog: their guns.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What the hell is going on? What are they
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Establishing a perimeter. Making it safe.
dialog: These guys are really good. One of them was a
dialog: Green...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Mr. Kirby, trust me, on this island, there is
dialog: no such thing as safe. We have to get back in
dialog: this plane...
text: Grant looks to Amanda, who shouts through a bull horn.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (on-bullhorn)
speaker_heading: ERRR-IIIC!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: And tell your wife to stop making so
dialog: much noise! We're food to these damn
dialog: animals.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Amanda, Honey! Dr. Grant says it's a bad
dialog: idea!
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (on the bullhorn)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (pointing broadly at Alan)
dialog: He says it's a bad idea!
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (on the bullhorn)
dialog: What's a bad idea?
text: As in on cue, there is a DEAFENING ROAR from the jungle.
text: Everyone turns toward the sound and freezes.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to Alan)
dialog: What was that?
text: Grant doesn't answer, still listening to the reverberations.
text: Then a couple shots are heard.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (low)
dialog: Is it a rex?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Billy and Paul breathe a small sign of relief.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Sounds bigger.
text: Nash and Udesky come RUNNING out of the jungle, headed for
dialog: the plane.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: We gotta go, now!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's the problem? Can't you guys...?
text: As Udesky and Nash sprint past Paul in interrupted by a
text: second, closer, DEAFENING ROAR. He pales.
scene_heading: 29 	INT. PLANE - CONTINUOUS - DAY 				 29
text: Udesky waits by the door, hustling everyone inside. Nash
text: hurries into the cockpit. Everyone scrambles to a seat. Amanda
text: climbs next to Paul.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: We can't just...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don't worry, honey. We'll circle around and
dialog: come back.
text: Udesky closes the door.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What about the other guy?
speaker_heading: UDESKY
text: Coop's a professional. He can handle himself.
text: A blood-curdling SCREAM echoes through the jungle followed by
scene_heading: MACHINE GUN FIRE.
speaker_heading: NASH
dialog: (yelling back)
dialog: We're going!
text: Udesky climbs into the copilot's seat, and Nash revs the engine.
scene_heading: 30	EXT. RUNAWAY - DAY						30
text: The plane starts down the runway.
scene_heading: 31	INT. PLANE - DAY							31
text: The passengers bounce in their seats as the plane picks up
text: speed down the overgrown strip.
scene_heading: 32	EXT. RUNWAY - DAY							32
text: Suddenly, two hundred yards ahead of the plane,
speaker_heading: COOPER
text: emerges from the jungle. He stands in the middle of the runway.
text: waving one arm wildly. His second, badly injured arm hangs
text: limp by his side.
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: Come on, Nash. Slow down, buddy.
scene_heading: 33	INT. THE COCKPIT - DAY					 33
text: Nash spots Cooper, shoots a glance at the airspeed indicator.
speaker_heading: NASH
dialog: Coop, you know I can't do it pal.
text: He slams down full throttle in an attempt to reach flying speed.
text: Seeing that Nash has no intention of stopping, Paul shouts from
dialog: the cabin.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What are you doing? That's Mr. Cooper!
scene_heading: 34	EXT. RUNWAY - CONTINUOUS - DAY				34
text: We are looking down on Cooper from behind. As the plane
dialog: approaches,
speaker_heading: A SHADOW
text: falls over the injured mercenary. Then with brutal speed, an
text: ENORMOUS BEAST seizes him in its massive jaws and lifts him
text: into the air.
text: From this angle we get only a glimpse of a long crocodilian
text: snout, powerful clawed forearms and spiny sail rising from the
text: creature's back.
scene_heading: 35	INT. THE COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS - DAY			 35
text: All eyes are on the creature as it devours Cooper. Amanda turns
text: away in horror.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh, my God! Paul, my God!
scene_heading: 36	INT. THE COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS - DAY			 36
text: Looking through the windshield, we see the creature is directly
text: in the path of the plane.
text: Nash pulls back on the stick. The plane rises.
text: The left propeller clips the flank of the enormous
text: dinosaur, SNAPPING the blade.
text: Blood sprays the windshield and side windows.
scene_heading: 37	EXT. RUNWAY - CONTINUOUS - DAY 				37
text: The turboprop banks into the jungle, out of control.
scene_heading: 38	INT. PLANE - CONTINUOUS - DAY 					38
text: The passengers are thrown about as the craft CRASHES through
text: trees, tearing off a wing and pieces of the tail.
text: Finally coming to rest in the jungle canopy, the plane settles
text: in the trees.
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
text: The passengers slowly recover and have a look around. Foliage
text: blocks most windows, making it impossible to see out.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Is anyone hurt?
text: Checking themselves, everyone seems pretty much intact.
dialog: Still thinking of himself as in charge...
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: Quiet! We're okay. Let's everybody just stay
dialog: put.
text: He attempts to turn on the cockpit radio, but it's dead.
speaker_heading: NASH
dialog: Who's got the sat-phone?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Right here!
text: Paul hands the bulky phone up to Nash, who dials out.
text: Grant unstraps himself, climbs to the back to the side door and shoves.
text: The door opens a few inches before hitting a branch.
text: He looks out the and lets out a quiet gasp as the ground reels
text: THIRTY FEET BELOW.
text: He quickly shuts and latches the door.
text: CLOSE ON the sat-phone. pressed against Nash's ear.
speaker_heading: RECORDED VOICE
dialog: We're sorry. All circuits are busy. Please
dialog: try your call again later...
speaker_heading: NASH
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What is it? What's the matter?
text: Amanda SCREAMS.
text: A huge reptilian face appears in the cockpit window. Everyone
text: else SCREAMS now.
dialog: 
text: The plane LURCHES - and we hear a deep GROWL.
dialog: 
text: The passengers hold tight, paralyzed. Nash buckles himself into
dialog: his seat.
text: Suddenly, the plane is YANKED from the side to side. Battered this
text: way and that, the terrified passengers tightly grip their
dialog: seats.
dialog: 
text: Finally, the horrible sounds of WRENCHING METAL as the nose of
text: the plane is RIPPED RIGHT OFF.
text: Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air. The nose of
text: the plane is tilting downwards, the jungle floor far below.
text: The passengers hang almost vertically in their seats,
text: Debris tumbles out the open end of the plane, some of it
text: striking Nash in the head.
text: Udesky unbuckles his seat belt and climbs back up into the
text: cabin. Nash follows.
text: Suddenly, a long snout with dagger-like teeth pushes past the
text: cockpit seats, opens wide, and
speaker_heading: CLAMPS DOWN
text: on Nash's legs.
text: The pilot CRIES OUT in agony. The others passengers grab onto
text: his arms, trying to pull him back. But it's no use. The dinosaur
text: rips Nash out of their grasp and down the aisle.
text: Nash desperately grabs on to the seat cushion, then watches in
text: horror as the fabric RIPS AWAY. He's pulled out of the plane and
text: dropped to the ground. A giant foot steps in the way as the snout
text: of the creature reaches down and quickly devourers the screaming
dialog: pilot.
text: It's horrifying sight, but no one can turn away.
text: Pleased with the appetizer, the creature comes back for the
dialog: main course.
text: Grant tries to force open the jammed rear door. Billy tries to
text: help, but the door won't budge.
text: The dinosaur JAMS its snout into the fuselage and lunges for
text: Amanda in the first row. She yanks her legs back as the jaws
speaker_heading: SNAP SHUT.
text: Behind Amanda, Billy reaches forward, UNSNAPS her seat belt
text: and pulls her into the next row back.
text: The others unstrap their belts and crowd into the rear of the
text: passenger compartment.
text: The shift in weight sends the fuselage tipping backwards.
scene_heading: 39	EXT. JUNGLE - CONTINUOUS - DAY				 39
text: The plane breaks free of the tree limbs and DROPS tail-first to
text: the jungle floor.
text: It SLAMS hard, then flips over onto its roof.
scene_heading: 40	INT. PLANE - CONTINUOUS - DAY				 40
text: The passengers are prowled on the ceiling of the plane, dazed
text: by the impact. Everyone is cut and bruised.
text: Out of the open cockpit, they see two approaching dino feet.
text: A window near Amanda fogs over with condensation. when it
text: clears, she finds herself looking right into enormous eyes.
text: Then all hell breaks loose as the plane is SLAMMED across the
text: jungle clearing.
text: The passengers are hammered against the walls of the plane,
text: tumbling like socks in a dryer. Debris, seats and luggage fly
dialog: everywhere.
scene_heading: 41	EXT. JUNGLE FLOOR - CONTINUOUS - DAY			41
text: The plane comes to an abrupt halt as it SMASHES into a tree.
text: A gargantuan FOOT steps on the fuselage and FLATTENS it like a
text: paper tube.
scene_heading: 42	INT. PLANE - CONTINUOUS - DAY					42
text: Inside, windows EXPLODE, raining glass over the passengers. As
text: the walls compress, Udesky becomes trapped in the rear of the
text: plane, the others in front.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Over here!
text: Udesky dives into the narrowing gap, and Billy pulls him the
text: rest of the way through.
text: Billy is as terrified as the rest of them, but he thrives under
text: this rush of adrenaline.
dialog: 
text: Then a huge CLAW digs into the skin of the fuselage and begins
text: to slowly PEEL the plane open. Grant looks up in dread at the
text: widening tear.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: This way!
text: Grant leads the group out the open end of the cockpit. They
text: make a mad dash for the jungle.
text: A tremendous ROAR causes Billy to look behind him. He can't
dialog: help but steal a glimpse of this terrifying, but utterly
dialog: fascinating, animal.
text: Grant yanks him forward.
scene_heading: 43	EXT. JUNGLE - DAY						 43
text: With Grant in the lead, and Udesky taking up the rear, the group
text: tears through the jungle.
text: Concealed by the dense undergrowth, the unseen dinosaur bears
text: down on them -- mowing down the young trees which TOPPLE all
text: around them.
text: Grant spots a grove of
speaker_heading: HEAVIER TREES
text: and leads the group into it.
text: The dinosaur cannot fit between the trunks. It ROARS at
text: the fleeing humans, searching desperately for a route after
dialog: them.
text: The group continues their relentless pace, putting as much
text: distance as they can between themselves and the beast. Paul
text: Kirby looks like he's about to have a heart attack. Even Billy
text: is gasping for air.
text: They stop, thinking they've outrun it.
text: Grant directs the group through some underbrush and into --
scene_heading: 44	EXT. CLEARING - CONTINUOUS - DAY				44
text: Our friends stop dead in their tracks. Amanda stifles a cry.
text: Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Don't worry. It's dead.
text: Then a full-grown bull
speaker_heading: TYRANNOSAURUS
text: rises up behind the carcass. It was feeding, its mouth mottled
text: with blood and carrion.
speaker_heading: Grant FREEZES.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Nobody move a muscle.
dialog: Remember: the T-Rex tracks motion.
text: Obeying, the group FREEZES for a few long beats. Then Udesky
text: takes off running.
dialog: And T-Rex ROARS.
text: Everyone runs. T-Rex is right behind them.
scene_heading: 45	EXT. JUNGLE - DAY							45
text: Dashing back the way they came, the group suddenly comes face
dialog: to face with --
text: THE FIRST MONSTER.
text: We now get our first full unobstructed view of the gigantic
text: creature, SPINOSAURUS AEGYPTICUS. Over forty feet long and
text: twenty-five feet high, the dinosaur has a bony sail along its
text: back. Its head is crocodilian with rows of long, curving teeth.
text: Sinewy six foot arms terminate in three fingers hands with
text: fourteen inch claws.
text: Nowhere else to run, the group scatters into the brush as the
text: two behemoth predators rush forward, their ROARS thunderous.
text: Paul and Amanda scramble into one direction, Billy and Udesky in
text: the other. But Grant can't go anywhere - his foot is stuck
text: between two branches.
text: He manages to free himself as the two dinosaurs approach.
text: They'll have to deal with each other before eating the humans.
text: Grant dives down between two fallen trees as the Spinosaurus and T-
text: Rex circle one another like gladiators, each searching for the
dialog: other's weakness.
text: Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP as the
text: giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mere
text: inches from his face.
text: Spinosaurus lunges forward, powerful jaw open wide.
text: T-Rex sidesteps the assault, its tail knocking down small
text: trees as it spins out of the way.
text: In the tress, Paul and Amanda scurry again for cover.
text: Between the fallen trunks, Grant attempts to get away on his
text: hands and knees.
text: T-Rex presses the attack, slamming its tail into the flank of
text: its adversary. Spinosaurus is knocked back, and Grant is again
text: forced to duck for cover.
text: As Spinosaurus struggles to regain its balance, T-Rex dives
text: forward. Spinosaurus is driven backwards as T-Rex tries to
text: grip its throat.
text: Amanda yanks Paul out of their path. They Scramble over to
dialog: Billy.
text: Now on its side, Spinosaurus fights back ferociously. It slashes
text: at T-Rex with its long arms and razor sharp claws, then finally
text: kicks the animal with one mammoth foot.
text: Tyrannosaurus staggers back, wounded.
text: Down below, Grant is splashed by the blood pouring from the
text: dinosaur, as he slowly makes his way towards his fellow humans.
text: Spinosaurus lunges for the T-rex with gaping jaws and manages to
text: topple T-Rex off its feet and sends the falling dinosaur to the
dialog: ground.
text: With an earth-shuttering CRASH, the dinosaur lands between
text: Grant and the rest of the group.
text: The companions scurry out of the way, but as they do so, the
text: head of the T-Rex now lands almost directly on top of them.
text: Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in horror
text: as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinosaurus
text: latches onto its throat.
text: Spinosaurus crushes the life out of its adversary, and T-Rex
text: opens and closes its jaw a mere inches from our terrified
dialog: friends.
text: Finally, Grant reaches the others.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Come on!
text: Spinosaurus lets out a victorious HOWL, and the blood-drenched
text: professor leads the group through the undergrowth.
scene_heading: 46	EXT. JUNGLE - DAY							46
text: Winded from running, Paul is caught off-guard as a furious
text: Grant slams his back against a tree. Only one thing he wants to
dialog: know --
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Why did you bring us here?
text: Paul is too startled to speak. Udesky tires to step in, but
text: Grant gives him back a look.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Our son is on this island. We need your help
dialog: to find him.
text: Still crunched against the tree, Paul pulls out a photo from his
text: shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This is him. Eric. He’s thirteen now. He's
dialog: just about the greatest kid in the world.
text: Letting go of Paul, Grant takes the photo, a Sears-style
text: portrait of the boy we saw Parasailing at the beginning. He
text: shakes his head, disbelieving. He hands the photo to Billy.
text: The group splits into two sides -- Paul and Amanda, Grant and
text: Billy -- with Udesky stuck between. Dialogue overlaps in
dialog: places.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
text: He's with a man named Ben Hildebrand.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Her new boyfriend.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: A friend. We were vacationing. Eric wanted
dialog: to see the island and the dinosaurs, so Ben
text: found a guy who would take them parasailing.
dialog: They never came back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We called everyone, did everything we could.
dialog: Because of all the controversy over this
dialog: island, no one will step in. Costa Rica says
dialog: it's a no-fly zone, it's their own damn fault.
dialog: Guys at the U.S Embassy -- our U.S. Embassy --
dialog: said we should "accept the inevitable." You
dialog: believe that?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: So you hired these mercenaries.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: We prefer "recovery specialists." We do
dialog: overseas custody issues and...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Then you duped us into coming here.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We needed somebody who knew the lay of the
dialog: land. Somebody who'd been to this island before.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (disbelieving)
dialog: I have never been on this island!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure you have. You wrote that book...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: That was Isla Nublar. This is Isla Sorna.
dialog: The second island.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (low, to Udesky)
dialog: I didn't know, there were two islands.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Still, you have survived the dinosaurs before. You
dialog: saved those kids.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: A few of us survived. A lot more died. And we
dialog: were better prepared and better armed.
dialog: (finally)
dialog: How many days have they been missing?
text: A look between Amanda and Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Eight weeks.
text: Grand and Billy are speechless. It might as well be eight years.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: After what you've seen today, you really
dialog: think your son could be alive?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: He's smart, Dr. Grant. And he knows so much
dialog: about dinosaurs.
text: Before anyone else can talk, Grant puts his hand out. He wants
text: everyone to shut up while he plans their next move.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: No, I'm sorry, but no. We'll savage what we
text: can from the plane. Then we head for the
dialog: coast. There may be a boat left, something to
dialog: get us off this island.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dr. Grant, we're not leaving without our son.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You can stick with us, or you can go and look for
dialog: him. Either way you're probably not getting
dialog: out of here alive.
text: With that he leaves, A beat later, Billy follows. He has
dialog: genuine sympathy for the Kirby's, but he's logical enough to
dialog: know Grant is right.
text: BACK WITH PAUL AND AMANDA
text: They look to Udesky.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What do we do?
text: Udesky is clearly at a loss, but for everyone's reassurance he
text: tries to mutter some brio.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: Well, I think we should start searching for your
dialog: son. In the direction they're going.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Excellent.
text: They follow after Grant and Billy.
scene_heading: 47	EXT. PLANE CRASH SITE						47
text: The five survivors search through the wreckage, trying to find
text: anything useful. The task is grim. Mindful of Grant's
text: warnings, they move quickly and quietly.
text: Udesky picks up a gun out of the swampy water. The barrel is bent
dialog: almost 90 degrees, unless.
text: Billy finds his camera, intact.
text: Digging a change of clothes out of his suitcase, Paul steps
text: around the side of the plane to change. He's in his underwear
text: before he notices Amanda is also there changing.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Nothing you haven't seen before.
text: A beat. Amanda looks over as they get dressed.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: How much weight have you lost?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Twenty, twenty-fire pounds. I've been
dialog: swimming at the Y.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You hate to swim.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: People change.
dialog: A nod to mean, that's the truth.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: You look good.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: So do you.
text: They make brief eye contact, which Amanda breaks.
text: Around the side, Billy is taking photos of a giant footprint the
text: dinosaur left in the mud during its attack on the plane. Grant
text: looks over.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: How would you classify it?
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: Obviously a superpredator.
dialog: (best guess)
dialog: Suchimimus. that snout.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: They never got that big.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Baryonyx?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Not with that sail.
dialog: (Billy gives up)
dialog: Spinosaurus Aegypticus.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I don't remember that on InGen's list.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: That's because it wasn't on their list. Who
dialog: knows what else they were up to?
text: Billy looks past Grant to see Paul approaching. He's struggling
text: with the straps on his backpack. turning in circles.
text: Billy regards him with suspicion.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: So Mr. Kirby, tell me, when you climbed K2,
dialog: did you base camp at 25- or 30,000 feet?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thirty-thousand, I think. Closer to the top.
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: About a thousand feet above it, actually.
dialog: (closer)
dialog: Most mountain-climbers remember how tall
dialog: that mountains were.
text: Paul knows he's caught.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: There is no Kirby Enterprises, is there?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There is. I own a place called Kirby Paint
dialog: and Title Plus. We're out in the Westgate
dialog: Shopping Center in Enid, Oklahoma. The
dialog: "plus" is for bathroom fixtures, fireplaces
text: accessories, patio furniture. Stuff like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I don't suppose that check you wrote us is
dialog: any good.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: He paid us half up front. Cash.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mortgaged everything we had to do it. Even
dialog: the store. and if we make it off this island
dialog: with my son, I swear, I'll make good on the
dialog: money I owe you. I don't care if it takes me
dialog: the rest of my life.
text: Grant and Udesky exchange a dubious glance.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: However long that is.
scene_heading: 48	EXT. JUNGLE PATH - DAY						48
text: Amanda, Paul, Billy, Udesky and Grant walk through the jungle.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Eric!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Quiet!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (loud whisper to Amanda)
dialog: Stop that. Dr. Grant says this is dangerous
dialog: territory.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Well we should split up or something. We can
dialog: cover twice the area.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, Dr. Grant says...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Dr. Grant says this, Dr. Grant says that...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well what's the use of hiring an expert if
dialog: your not going to listen to him?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
text: Because "Dr. Grant" isn't looking for Eric.
text: Dr. Grant is looking for the coast.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Fine...and when the Tricyclatops comes after
dialog: you, don't come crying to me.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh, don't worry about that.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What did you say!
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Just drop it Paul!
text: The Kirby's conversation trails off into the jungle. Udesky
text: moves up next to Grant and Billy.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: If they split up, I'm going with you.
text: And as they continue forward, Billy spots something in the
text: trees ahead.
scene_heading: 49	EXT. JUNGLE CLEARING - DAY					49
text: A parasail chute is caught in the branches of a tree. A yellow
text: life vest hangs limply from a branch.
text: Paul rushes over, unsnags it, and examines the label.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Young adult.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Eric...
speaker_heading: UDESKY (O.S)
dialog: Hey. Got something here.
text: All turn to see Udesky holding up a camcorder encased in a
dialog: waterproof shell.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: That's Ben's!
text: She grabs it from Udesky and pops open the housing. She tries
text: the power switch on the camcorder, but the battery's dead.
text: Udesky pull out a flashlight from his pack and looks to Amanda.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: Here, give that to me.
text: And as Udesky fiddles with the flashlight, Grant and Billy
dialog: consider the parasail.
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: It looks intact.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We should take it with us to signal any planes.
speaker_heading: UDESKY (O.S)
dialog: I think I've got it.
text: Udesky has rigged the wires on the flashlight so that the
text: batteries can be used to power the camcorder.
text: He brings a live wire to back of the camcorder. A red power
text: light comes on.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It works!
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: I don't know for how long.
text: Udesky swings the tiny screen out and pushes play. The others
text: crowd around.
speaker_heading: ON THE SCREEEN
text: Eric and Ben play frisbee on the beach.
speaker_heading: PAUL (O.S.)
dialog: (excited)
dialog: That's him. That’s Eric!
speaker_heading: AMANDA (O.S.)
dialog: I filmed this the morning they left.
text: Ben catches the frisbee, checks his watch and motions to Eric.
text: Eric runs over, and Ben puts his arm around him as they run to
dialog: the camera.
text: Paul reacts to this image but holds his tongue.
scene_heading: THE VIDEO SCREEN -
text: The image now CUTS to a shot from aboard Enrique's boat
text: speeding towards ISLA SORNA -- the start of the movie. Eric
text: points excitedly at the island and smiles at the camera.
text: We replay the opening moments of the movie from Ben and Eric's
text: perspective, soaring high until...
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Ben!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Unclip the line!
speaker_heading: THE JUNGLE -
text: A PAN from face to face of all watching this tape with a
text: mixture of hope and nausea.
scene_heading: ON SCREEN -
text: Angle again with Ben's legs in the foreground. Falling fast.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hand on! Hang on buddy!
text: Now the camera penetrates the jungle canopy and the picture
text: and sound become complete chaos: SCREAMS from the both,
text: branches BREAKING, flashes of Ben and Eric's frightened faces
text: as the camera is buffeted in all directions.
text: With a lurch the terrifying descent in finally over, and the
text: jungle floor is just ten feet away, swaying back and forth
text: beneath Ben and Eric's feet.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you ok, buddy?
text: There's GURGLING to his voice. Ben may be more hurt than he's
dialog: letting on.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (through his sobs)
dialog: I don't know. I think so.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We're okay. It's going to be okay. Here, get
dialog: ready. I'm going to unhook you.
text: The sound of PUMPLING is followed by the sight of Eric DROPPING
text: into the frame, landing on the ground rolling. He stands and
text: looks back up at Ben.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: I'm all right
speaker_heading: BEN (O.S)
dialog: (weaker)
dialog: We're going to get out of this, pal.
text: And on that, the power and picture fade away.
text: BACK ON PAUL AND AMANDA - overjoyed.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: See? He's okay. He's alive! Everything's
dialog: going to be all right now.
text: Amanda brings a hand to her mouth, silently nodding her head.
text: Grant and Billy exchange a dubious look, than begin pulling the
text: parasail out of the tree. As they do so, the sail gets caught on
text: a branch.
text: They pull harder. The branch bends, but the sail won't come
text: loose. One last tug and than, SNAP. The branch breaks, the chute
text: falls away to reveal
text: A SKELETON.
text: It swings down directly at Amanda. She SCREAMS.
text: Finally, the others are able to pull her away. As they untangle
text: the lines, the men are able to get the first view of the remains
text: of Ben Hillenbrand, still caught in his harness.
text: Amanda's knees buckle. Regaining her balance, she runs off into
dialog: the jungle.
text: Paul quickly follows.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Amanda!
scene_heading: 50	EXT. THICKNESS - DAY						50
text: Reeling, Amanda comes to a stop in an area with thick
text: undergrowth. It's danger here, very still and quiet.
text: She tries to calm herself, but each effort to suppress just
text: makes her more emotional. She's surprised as Paul wraps an arm
text: around her to comfort her. But she doesn't fight it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm sorry Amanda. I am. And I'm sorry for
dialog: the things I said about him.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, it's...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know you liked Ben. I had no right to...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (frustrated)
text: It’s not about him. It's Eric. He's alone out
dialog: here somewhere. Our baby is all alone.
text: Saying it aloud, the reality sinks in for both of them
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess I was hoping that with Ben around,
dialog: there'd be someone to keep him safe.
text: Checking in on clients, Udesky stops at the edge of the
text: thicket. Something raises the hairs on the back of his neck.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: Dr. Grant!
text: He nods for the others to take a look at this. They head over,
text: Grant at the rear.
text: As he approaches, Billy is packing up the rest of the chute in a
text: backpack. He stops short from what he sees.
text: Looking down, we CIRCLE across the jungle floor. Here we find a
text: strange, hollowed-out construction made of sod and branches.
text: Maybe six feet around.
text: Just now noticing the others' stare, Paul looks down into one
text: of the bowls at his feet, a half-buried nest. It's filled with
text: football-sized eggs, laid in a spiral.
text: And this isn't the only nest. Amanda counts twelve in all, laid
text: out in an oddly symmetrical pattern.
text: The last to arrive, Grant identifies the species in a horrified
dialog: instant.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Raptors.
text: And as he says the words, off in the distance, we hear
text: the cry of some herbivores, around by the chorus of
text: snarls.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 51	EXT. FUTHER IN THE FOREST - DAY				51
text: The party blasts through the forest, trying to keep up with
dialog: Grant. They haven't even had time to ask --
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: What’s a raptor?
dialog: Paul has no idea.
speaker_heading: UDESKY
dialog: They don't look that big. I mean,
dialog: comparatively.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: If we came across one, we might live.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well that's good.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: But you never came across just one.
dialog: From the back --
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Wait! Where's Billy?
text: They all stop. The only one not there is --
dialog: Grant
dialog: Billy! Billy!
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (almost sotto)
dialog: I thought we weren't suppose to yell.
speaker_heading: BILLY (O.S)
dialog: Here!
text: He comes in from the left. Excited, he explains to Grant --
speaker_heading: BILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I got some great pictures of the nest. You
dialog: know this proves raptors raised their young
dialog: in colonies.
text: Furious with his student. Grant just keeps moving. There's no
text: time to stand around and argue.
speaker_heading: BILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: This speaks to a larger social structure, the
dialog: possibility of Darwinian altruism. It
dialog: changes everything.
text: A beat. Trying not to sound presumptuous --
speaker_heading: BILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: We could co-write a paper.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Ah yes, the first rule of academics. Publish
dialog: or perish.
scene_heading: 52	SCENE PREVIOUSLY OMITTED					52
scene_heading: 53	EXT. RIDGE - DAY (HOURS LATER)					53
text: Much fatigued, the five now mach upward towards a crest.
text: Panting and flushed, they reach the top of the ridge and gaze
text: into the distance.
text: A jungle valley stretches before them. Not far off in A VAST
text: COMPOUND - comprised of several buildings. One building alone
text: seems to cover several acres.
text: The weary group breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I bet there's a very good chance Eric's in
dialog: there. I'd bet my bottom dollar.
text: Udesky and Grant share dubious looks and continue down into
dialog: the valley.
scene_heading: 54	EXT. INGEN COMPOUND - DAY					54
text: The group emerges from the jungles and enters the compound.
text: They walk through an overgrown parking lot, littered with
text: abandoned vehicles. Some are lying on their side. Others are
text: overturned completely.
dialog: They're not going to be driving anywhere.
text: A troubled Grant peers through a windshield, partially caved
text: in, like some giant head butted the glass. (Think back to Lost
dialog: World)
text: And the group finally approaches the front doors of an
text: enormous building. As they head up the front steps, we see
text: something in the distance behind them:
scene_heading: CAT-LIKE MOVEMENTS
text: on the high ridge. To fast to see what it was. But too ominous
dialog: to dismiss.
scene_heading: 55	INT. BUILDING LOBBY - DAY					55
text: Our friends now find themselves in a sparse, one quietly
text: opulent corporate lobby now in the process of being reclaimed
text: by the jungle/ Roots and ivy poke through the floor and walls.
text: In the waiting area, the cushions of a sofas and chairs have been
text: gnawed at and pulled apart. Dusty coffee mugs and filled
text: ashtrays lie on the table. The water has turned brackish in a
text: near by cooler.
text: Sudden FLAPPING. We look up and see BIRDS nesting in the
text: rafters. It is an eerie, haunted place.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Eric! Are you here?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Eric!
text: All listen for a response. Nothing. Paul and Amanda exchange a
text: despondent look.
text: Sitting on the reception counter is an official-looking
text: telephone. Everyone has the same thought, but no one dares.
dialog: Finally -
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell.
text: Amanda puts the receiver to her ear. Nada.
text: With Grant in the lead, they head deeper into the building.
text: Unseen by the group, a fleeting SHADOW flits across the lobby's
text: dirty windows with terrifying speed.
scene_heading: 56	INT. CORRIDOR - DAY						56
text: A couple vending machines stand at the one end of this long
text: hallway covered with vines.
text: Paul notices them and pulls change from his pocket.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let's see. I've got about a dollar seventy-
dialog: five. How about you guys?
text: Billy SMASHES IN the window of one machine with his boot.
text: Picking through the glass, he pulls out some candy bars and
text: chips. He checks the expiration date.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:								56
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Thank God for preservatives.
text: He tosses the food to the others.
text: Paul now turns to his own vending machine and SMASHES it with
text: his heal. The glass refuses to break.
scene_heading: 57	INT. HATCHING LABORATORY					57
text: Grant and Billy push through a set of doors to see
dialog: 
scene_heading: A CAVERNOUS HATCHING FACILITY
text: filled with much of the same equipment we recognized from the
dialog: first island, although the sheer size of this place dwarfs any
dialog: of the facilities seen previously.
text: As the group walks down the ramp and onto the floor, they begin to
text: absorb the incredible array of technology: enormous cryonic
text: freezer, their plug pulled years ago; empty incubators; tanks
text: of formaldehyde with dinosaur fetuses and body parts.
text: Machines with intricate tubing and wing arms stand beside
text: conveyer belts cris crossing the room at different levels.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: This is how you make dinosaurs?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: This is how you play God.
text: Billy looks around the lab. He can't help but be impressed.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Okay if I take pictures?
text: Grant nods.
text: Billy sets his lucky camera back down on the worktable. Two years
dialog: from now, astute observers of the DVD will not that Billy
text: doesn't actually take his camera from the bag; he was carrying
dialog: it because there wasn't any room inside.
text: Billy pulls a new roll of film from the bag and zips it shut.
speaker_heading: ACROSS THE LAB
text: Amanda is passing a large cylindrical tanks with half-formed
text: embryos floating in formaldehyde -- genetic experiments gone
text: awry. Finally she reaches
scene_heading: A GIGANTIC MANIFIED RAPTOR HEAD
text: floating in the one tank.
text: Something about this specimen catches Amanda’s attention. She
text: bends forward, getting very close to the glass. She peers right
text: into the eyes of the nightmarish creature. Then --
speaker_heading: AN ACTUAL RAPTOR
text: lunges at her form behind the tank. She SCREAMS.
text: Fortunately the raptor can't get between the closely spaced
text: tanks. Amanda runs.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Amanda!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Back out! Move!
text: And as the group races through the lab the Raptors find a
text: larger gap between the tanks.
scene_heading: 58	INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS - DAY				58
text: Paul leads the way, checking the door for possible escape
text: routes or hiding places. Twenty feet behind,
speaker_heading: THE RAPTOR
text: rounds a corner, bolting after them. Paul ducks in the closest
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: In here!
scene_heading: 59	INT. DINO KENNEL - CONTINUOUS - DAY				59
text: The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in the
dialog: room.
text: There are several rows of oversized steel cages, apparently
text: used for containing young dinosaurs. Many of the cage doors are
text: standing open.
text: The group races down a lone aisle. Close behind, the raptor
text: BURSTS into the room, ROARS.
text: As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one of the
text: open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them.
text: Grant, Paul and Amanda duck into another. Before they can
text: swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor SLAMS
text: into it, driving the door into the cage.
text: They are forced back against a chain-like wall, trapped in a
text: small triangle space by the advancing door. The angry
text: Raptor is now inches away through the cage door.
text: Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up. We follow its gaze. The top
text: of their triangular enclose is wide open.
text: The eager raptor climbs up the chain-like door. Catching the
text: tail of an idea, Amanda grabs the door and nods to the others.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Push!
text: They push hard on the cage door, swinging it and the raptor
text: right through the opening of the cage.
text: Now the raptor is trapped in a small triangular space, the door
text: going right to the ceiling.
text: Amanda slides the door's bolt through the chain like wall,
text: temporarily trapping the dinosaur.
text: The raptor struggles desperately, GRAWLING AND SNARLING, but
text: the cage door seems to be holding.
text: As everyone rushes back to the door.
text: The raptor begins to make a LOW, HAUNTING MOAN.
text: As the others head for the door, Grant lingers a step, listening
text: to the beast's simple melodic cry. It has the same tones as
text: came from the model resonating chamber.
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: She's calling for help.
scene_heading: 60	EXT. COMPOUND - DAY						60
text: The group exits the rear of the lab building and finds itself in
text: a large equipment yard. The CALL of the raptor is still audible
text: as they head for the tree line.
text: Now they moan is ANSWERED from distant jungle quarters.
text: The responses quickly MULTIPLY. To the group's dismay, they
text: soon find themselves virtually SURROUNDED by raptor CRIES both
text: distant and near.
text: Grant looks around with amazement. It's vindication of his
dialog: theory on raptor communication, but it couldn't come at a worse
dialog: time.
text: Responding to the growls, a herd of grazing HADROSAURS suddenly
text: flees across the open space. Then, in the distance behind the
dialog: herd
text: A PACK OF RAPTORS
text: emerges from the jungles, coming their way.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Head for the trees!
text: From the lab building, the raptor we left imprisoned now BURSTS
text: out one of the doors and HOWLS to the pack -- the same cry we
text: heard in the lab.
text: The raptor pack moves into the hunting formation. One ALPHA-MALE
text: RAPTOR. slightly larger than the others, leads the charge up the
dialog: middle.
text: Grant risks a looks back. But doesn't stop running.
speaker_heading: GRANT (cont'd)
dialog: THIS WAY!
text: In an effort to escape the oncoming raptors, Grant leads the
text: group right into the stampeding heard of hadrosaurs.
text: Suddenly, all is chaos. Hadrosaurs race past, splitting up the
dialog: group.
text: Letting the others get ahead of him, Grant looks back. Much to
text: his dismay, the raptors are ignoring the hadrosaurs.
text: Indeed, the pack weaves its way through the herd -- the raptors
dialog: only want them.
text: In the chaos of the stampede, everyone loses sight of each other.
text: Up ahead, Billy trips and falls. As he rolls the strap on his
text: camera bag breaks. He doesn't notice it's missing until he's
text: already back on his feet and running.
text: Amanda and Paul keep close to each other. Further back, Grant
text: spots Billy's fallen camera back. He grabs it as he runs past.
text: Looking back, Billy sees that Grant now has his back...
speaker_heading: BILLY
speaker_heading: ALAN!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: KEEP GOING!
text: They lose sight of each other in the rush.
scene_heading: 61-19	OMIT									61-69
scene_heading: 69A	EXT. EDGE OF THE JUNGLE - DAY					69A
text: As the hadrosaurs WHIP PAST, Paul and Amanda climb up into a
text: tree. A raptor leaps at Paul, barely missing his leg.
text: Trying to pull Paul up, Amanda nearly loses her balance. This
text: time, Paul catchers her.
text: Billy climbs up a nearby tree of his own in sight of Paul and Amanda.
text: Udesky has nearly reached a tree of his own when he finds
dialog: himself
speaker_heading: HEADED OFF
text: by a raptor. He turns to the other way, but finds
text: THERE ARE MORE RAPTORS.
text: He picks up a fallen branch as these dinosaurs cautiously
text: approach. Not more than a few feet away, the leader of the trio
text: stops, peering at him.
text: Udesky swings hard, but the dinosaurs feints. From behind him,
text: another raptor slashes at the back of his legs, severing his
text: muscles. Udesky CRIES OUT and drops to the ground.
text: IN THE TREETOPS
text: Paul, Amanda and Billy can hear him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Udesky.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (Listening)
dialog: He's this way.
text: From here, the thick branches overlap, forming a kind of
dialog: "second floor" above the ground. It's not easy, but you can move
text: from branch to branch, tree to tree.
speaker_heading: ON THE FLOOR
text: Unable to walk, Udesky attempts to crawl away from the animals.
text: The effort clearly causes him great pain. Strangely, the
text: raptors suddenly don't seem interested in him anymore.
text: Rather, they're "talking" among themselves. Udesky is amazed to
text: find him self still alive.
text: Suddenly, one of the raptors SLASHES at him again. But it's
text: delicately not a mortal blow, just a very painful one. Udesky
text: CRIES OUT, louder this time.
speaker_heading: IN THE TREES
text: Hearing the new cry, Paul, Amanda and Billy move faster, now
text: finally seeing Udesky on the ground. He's face-down, barely
text: moving but still MOANING.
text: The raptors are gone.
text: In the lead, Amanda starts to climb down. But Paul grabs her,
text: holds her back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's not safe.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: We have to help him.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: He's right. A predator wouldn't leave a kill
dialog: wounded.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
text: He's not a kill, he's still alive.
text: She breaks from Paul's grip and drops to the ground. She's only
text: a foot away from the tree when
scene_heading: ALL FOUR RAPTORS
text: lead out from their hiding places. They almost catch her as
text: Billy and Paul pull her back up on the limb
text: The raptors stare up at them, angry their plan didn't work.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They couldn’t climb up, so they were trying
dialog: to get us to come down.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: They set a trap
dialog: (amazed)
text: They actually set a trap.
text: Bored with waiting, the raptors go back to finish off Udesky,
text: making a meal out of it. Up in the branches, the survivors are
text: horrified and sickened.
text: Then, from the deep in the forest, a new RAPTOR CRY. The feasting
text: raptors look up, listening, then suddenly run off into the dark
dialog: jungle.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where's Grant?
scene_heading: 69B	EXT. ELSEWHERE IN THE JUNGLE - DAY				69B
text: Climbing higher in a tree, Grant is just feet above a growing
text: pack of raptors. He scales one branch, the next, finally
text: reaching a perch that the dinosaurs can't jump to.
speaker_heading: LOOKING DOWN
text: The entire pack is now standing still, watching him. In the
text: center, the Alpha Male lets out a sort of BARK. Responding to the
text: cry, the other raptors CALL BACK.
text: As terrified as he is, he can't help but be fascinated by their
text: communication. Like a hellish bird song, there's a rhythm to it,
text: a structure. They're clearly talking about something.
text: Under his breath, Grant is able to mimic its patterns.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What does that mean? What are you saying?
text: Of course they can't answer. They just keep using the same
dialog: "phrase."
text: Ready to ditch Billy's camera bag in order to climb higher --
text: he's had to hold it by the strap -- Grant finds his hand covered
text: with a runny slime. He looks down at the camera bag, and that's
text: the source. It's oozing out the bottom.
text: He unzips the bag to find
scene_heading: A BROKEN RAPTOR EGG
text: inside, the white and green yolk still dripping from the pieces
text: of the shell. There's another intact egg beside it.
text: This is what the raptors where chasing.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: God damn you, Billy.
text: Ever the scientist, Dr. Grant tests a theory even in the face of
text: danger: he holds up the intact egg so that the raptors can see it.
text: They suddenly go crazy, howling the same phrase but LOUDER.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: It means, "Give us the egg," doesn't it? "We
dialog: want the egg."
text: He gently drops the bag to the ground. Although the raptors are
text: interested, pulling out the unbroken egg, they're still by no means
text: placated. The song may have changed, but they still want Grant
dialog: dead.
text: They begin to jump at him, eventually, hopping up on each
text: other’s backs. It's only a matter of time till they reach him.
text: Grant moves to climb higher, but sees no branches he can reach.
text: And than he hears the low CREAKING. A CRACK. The branch he's
text: on is starting to give in.
text: He looks down at the face of his enemies, knowing he'll be
dialog: their next meal. And then,
scene_heading: A SMALL CANISTER
text: lands at the base of the trees, immediately SPRAYING out a thick
text: cloud of oily fog. It's the first of
speaker_heading: FIVE CANISTERS
text: that land in the area, creating a thick cloud. It's not just
text: smoke though something far more caustic.
text: As it hits the raptors they immediately recoil, those closest
text: to the canisters SHRIEKING in pain. Tumbling in the dirt.
dialog: There may be a pheremonal element to the mist as well -- they
text: seem panicked, disoriented.
text: Pack mentality takes over, and after the first ten raptors take
text: off running, so do the rest, some tripping over their feet
text: blindly.
dialog: This may be dino-tear gas, but it's not good for humans either.
text: Up in the tree, Grant's eyes immediately burn from the vapor
text: He squints to see through the fog, where he spots
speaker_heading: A HUMAN SHAPE
text: at the edge of the smoke
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Come on! They'll be back!
text: Grant half-climbs, half-falls out of the tree, rushing to get
text: through the heaviest of the smoke.
scene_heading: A SMALL DIRTY HAND
text: grabs his, pulling him along.
scene_heading: 69C	EXT. JUNGLE - LATE DAY						69C
text: Eyes swollen from the gas. Grant stumbles, barely able to see as
text: the other person pulls him along. It's only now we can identify
dialog: his rescuer as
speaker_heading: ERIC KIRBY,
text: the boy he was brought to rescue. A lot has changed in the last
text: eight weeks. It's not just dirt and muck -- he's the filthiest
dialog: child you've ever seen -- something primal has come out in him.
dialog: Something wild.
scene_heading: 69D	EXT. INGEN COMPOUND - TWILIGHT				69D
text: On the far side of the tipped over vehicle, Eric pulls open a
text: hatch -- his hiding place. The door opens part way.
text: Eric motions for Grant to follow.
scene_heading: 69E	INT. INSIDE THE BUNKER - TWILIGHT				69E
text: Squeezing in sideways -- it's very tight fit -- Grant finds
text: himself in a space no bigger than the inside of a Datsun. lit by
text: a small battery-powered lantern. This is where Eric has been
dialog: hiding.
text: The minute Grant's inside, Eric goes back to work re-sealing
text: the door. This 13-year old boy has become astonishingly
dialog: efficient at staying alive.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Eric...
text: The boy holds up a hand. He listens for a moment. He doesn't
dialog: hear anything outside.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Eric, your parents are both here.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: In Costa Rica?
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: On the island.
dialog: Eric truly can't believe it. He hoped to be rescued but...
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: They'll never make it. I mean, they can't
text: manage when the cable goes out.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You'd be surprised what people can do when
dialog: they have too.
text: Eric studies his guest, finally certain he recognizes him.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: You're Alan Grant, aren't you?
dialog: (off surprised reaction)
dialog: I read both of your books.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Which one do you prefer?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: The first one. Before you where on the island.
dialog: You liked dinosaurs back then.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Back then, they hadn't tried to eat me.
text: Grant takes a better look around Eric's tiny hideaway,
text: impressed with what he's been able to scavenge. Among the many
text: items we see another smoke canister, some battery-powered
text: lanterns and lots of candy wrappers. This kid's been living on
dialog: chocolate for weeks.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: When InGen cleared out, they left a lot of
dialog: stuff behind.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Any weapons, radios?
text: Eric pulls up a long cattle prod to show Grant.
speaker_heading: ERIC
text: Found this, but the battery's dead.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: It's a wonder you aren't. I'm amazed, Eric. I
dialog: barely lasted 30 hours. You lasted eight
dialog: weeks.
text: The line catches Eric strangely. It's the first moment of true
dialog: emotion we've seen him in.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Is that all it's been? I thought it was longer.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (trying to be positive)
dialog: The important thing is we both made it.
dialog: That's something we have in common.
text: Eric rips into a candy bar. After a moment, he realizes he
dialog: should offer one to his guest as well.
text: Grant takes it. A lone beat. Than, Grant just has to know...
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you read Malcolm's book?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: What did you think?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: I dunno. I mean, it was kind of preachy.
dialog: Chaos-this, chaos-that. And like, to me, the
dialog: guy seemed kind of high on himself.
text: Grant smiles.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: That's two things we have in common.
scene_heading: 69F	EXT. TREETOPS - NIGHT						69F
text: The trio is where we left them, perched up in the branches.
text: They're far from safe, but nothing's after them for a
dialog: while.
text: In Billy's eyes, we can see a storm of guilt raging. But he
dialog: hasn't said anything. Won't say anything.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: We can't just stop looking. Eric and Dr.
dialog: Grant are out there somewhere.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I want to find them too, but we can't do a bit
dialog: of good right now. For every scary thing we
dialog: saw in the daylight, I'll bet there ten times
dialog: more of 'em at night.
dialog: (to Billy)
dialog: Am I right?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I thought you were an expert.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Dr. Grant was.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Well Dr. Grant isn't here, so we're going to
dialog: have to figure out what to do ourselves.
text: Amanda is impressed by her own determinations. A long beat.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (cont'd)
dialog: So what do we do?
text: No one has the faintest clue.
scene_heading: 69G	EXT. DEEP IN THE FOREST - NIGHT					69G
text: VARIOUS SHOTS; The creatures of Isla Sorna walk past in the
text: shadows, some looking up at the light in the trees.
text: Suddenly, one of the creatures is attacked by another. We hear
text: ROLLING, SNARLING, HISSING, just seeing the outline of the
text: fight. Just as fast as it began, the fight is over, the winner
text: snakes on the loser.
scene_heading: 69H	EXT. TREETOPS - NIGHT (LATER)					69H
text: Everyone's moved to different branches, trying to settle in for
text: the night. Paul keeps looking over to the tearful Amanda, about
text: to say something. He finally does.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I just want you know, Amanda. It's not
dialog: your fault what happened.
text: Amanda looks over, not sure what his absolution.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Eric has always been headstrong, and you
text: throw Ben Hildebrand into the mix and well...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Well what?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well damn it. I don't speak ill of the dead.
dialog: What I'm trying to say is, it’s was just a crazy
dialog: accident. The exact same thing could have
dialog: happened if he was with me. You can't go
dialog: beating yourself up about it.
text: Realizing he's trying his best, Amanda can’t stay angry with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: This wouldn't happen if he was with
dialog: you. I mean, you drive five miles below the
dialog: speed limit. I totaled three cars in fives
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That one time was just the bumper.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: He would have been, safe. Completely,
text: entirely, suffocatingly safe.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I would have him to see more of the world than
dialog: Enid, Oklahoma. I wanted to see more of the
dialog: world than Enid, Oklahoma. And so yes, it's
dialog: my fault that this happened. I'm sorry that
dialog: you have to be here.
text: Really looking at her...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm not sorry at all.
scene_heading: 69I	EXT. INGEN COMPOUND - DAY					69I
text: Morning on Isla Sorna. A low mist hangs tight to the forest
text: floor as Eric seals up his hideaway for hopefully the last time.
text: They start walking. Eric pulls something out of his pocket,
text: shows it off to Grant.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Know what this is?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (takes it)
dialog: A raptor claw. I use to have one. A fossil.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Mine's new.
text: Grant hands it back.
text: Eric is becoming more and more a normal thirteen-year old boy.
text: There's an innocence to him that's coming back.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: How much of this island have you explored?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: I stayed pretty close to the compound,
dialog: Figured if anyone came to look for me, that's
dialog: where they'd start.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We need to head for the coast.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Closer you get to the water, the bigger
dialog: things get.
scene_heading: 69J	EXT. JUNGLE - DAY							69J
text: Billy and Amanda wait for Paul as he comes out of the bushes,
text: hiking up his shorts.
dialog: Trying to take charge...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: We need to stick to the plan. Head for the
dialog: coast.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What about Eric and Dr. Grant?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Going to the coast was Alan's idea. If he's
text: alive, that’s where he's headed.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What about Eric?
text: Billy represses his instinct to say Eric's dead.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (rationalizing)
dialog: He's probably has a better chance by the coast
dialog: as it is. Figures that all the big dinosaurs
dialog: would live in the center of the island.
dialog: (to Billy)
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: 69K	EXT. JUNGLE - DAY							69K
text: As Grant and Eric walk, both stop, hearing a strange sound. But
dialog: for a change, it's not an ominous one.
dialog: It's a human one.
text: A phone is RINGING, very faintly. Without a word to each other,
text: Grant and Eric decide its coming from the right.
scene_heading: 69L	EXT. JUNGLE - CONTUNUOUS DAY					69L
text: Paul is picking the briars out of his socks as they hike,
text: risking tripping on every step. Then Amanda stops short. She's
dialog: the first to hear it:
text: THE SAME RINGING.
text: After a beat, everyone else can hear it too. And recongnition
text: finally lights on Paul's face...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My phone.
text: Suddenly, Paul frantically searches his pockets as the others
dialog: anxiously watch.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You had the phone the whole time?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don't know. I don't have it with me.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: When did you have it last?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don't remember
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Think.
text: And Paul wracks his memory...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The plane. I got a call on the plane, put it in
dialog: my coat pocket, and...
text: Bust suddenly, he stops, his face is lighting with an awful
dialog: realization. Amanda couldn’t bear the wait...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What?...WHAT!?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I loaned it to Nash. He must have had it on
dialog: him when he...
text: The hideous implication of his words slowly sink in.
scene_heading: 69M	EXT. JUNGLE - DAY							69M
text: Still following the faint RINGING, Grant and Eric turn to find
speaker_heading: A SAIL
text: moving through the low trees. We recognize it as the back of a
dialog: spinosaurus. We might think it's any random spinosaurus,
text: except for the RINGING coming from somewhere inside it.
text: Grant and Eric press back against a tree, keep perfectly
text: still as they hear the THOOOOMB, THOOOOMB, THOOOMB of the
text: creature's footsteps reverberating. It's tail RUSTKES against
text: the brush.
text: It's moving behind them, and it's close.
text: We hear the RINGING move from left to right as it passes. So
dialog: far, its has no idea they're there.
text: Looking across the clearing, Eric is startled to see
speaker_heading: PAUL AND AMANDA
text: are no more than 20 yards away, also hiding. An involuntary
text: reflex, Eric calls out...
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Mon! Dad!
text: Grant immediately covers the boy’s mouth. But it's to late.
text: The dinosaur has stopped. We still can't see it. We don't know how
dialog: close it is.
text: Paul and Amanda spot Eric with Grant. They're a thousand
text: emotions at once: relieved, disbelieving, terrified, overjoyed.
text: They want to run to him, to yell out to him, but the monster is
dialog: close.
text: Grant takes his hand off Eric's mouth. They both stay
text: completely silent.
text: All this time, the sat-phone is RINGING.
text: Than it stops.
text: And after an agonizing beat, the beast moves. At first we're
text: not sure which direction it's headed, but finally we can tell
text: its moving away.
text: Once the sail is finally out of sight, Eric breaks from Grant's
text: hold and dashes to his parents' arms. They coop him up. Hug
text: him, kiss him, their affection unquenchable. He's crying.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (reassuring him)
dialog: Sweetheart, you're okay.
dialog: (reassuring herself)
dialog: You're okay.
dialog: (disbelieving)
dialog: You're okay.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Never had a doubt. Never did. Us Kirby men,
dialog: we stick around, huh?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: We do.
text: Looking at her grubby son, Amanda licks her shirttail, trying
text: to rub his face clean.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Honey, there's not enough spit in the world
dialog: for that.
text: She LAUGHS. It's the first times she's laughed in two months.
text: Billy crosses the distance to Grant.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: We need to keep moving.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Alan, I want to tell you that I'm so sorry
dialog: about the...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Billy, I can't talk to you now.
text: He walks off. Billy follows him.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Please, okay? Just yell at me. Call me an
dialog: idiot. An asshole. Stupid. Tell me I screwed
dialog: up because I know I did.
text: Grant doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: BILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought if we could get a raptor back
dialog: to the mainland, we could get serious money
dialog: for it. Enough to fund the digging for 10
dialog: years. More. Whatever it took.
text: Grant shakes his head, disgusted, But doesn't stop.
speaker_heading: BILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have to believe me. I did it with the
dialog: best intentions.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (finally turning on him)
dialog: Some of the worst things imaginable have
dialog: been done with the best intentions. You
text: rushed in with no thought to the
dialog: consequences, to yourself or anyone else.
dialog: (finally)
dialog: You're no better than the people who built
dialog: this place.
text: Grant keeps walking, leaving Billy with his guilt.
scene_heading: 70	INT. CANYON BUILDING - DAY					70
text: The group enters a structure with giant windows designed to
text: look into the canyon beyond -- only there's nothing to see but a
text: thick fog.
text: Toward the center of the room, a spiral staircase that leads to
text: a lower level.
text: With Billy lagging, Grant approaches the stairs and peers down
text: the circular opening in the floor. There is not much to see, just
text: fog, a glint of sunlight.
scene_heading: 71	EXT. RIVER CANYON - DAY						71
text: Step by step, Grant leads the group down a rusty spiral
text: staircase below the observation room. The stairs end in a lower
dialog: level. Although we're technically outside, this whole place feel
text: strangely enclosed.
text: There's a thick fog at this level -- clouds, really -- but far
text: below we can see the river. And at its banks, a barge.
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: We climb down to the barge and follow the
dialog: river out to the ocean. With any luck, the
dialog: Costa Rican coast guard will pick us up.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Then we go home?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Then we go home.
text: Grant leads everyone down a RAMP to --
scene_heading: 72	EXT. LANDING - DAY							72
text: A catwalk branches off, a SET OF STAIRS continuing down the
text: along the canyon wall.
text: Grant starts down the stairs. He's only taken a few steps down
text: the rusty staircase suddenly
text: BREAKS BENEATH HIS FEET.
text: Paul grabs him in the nick of time. The staircase vanish into
text: the fog. CLANFING AGAINST the canyon wall. After a few more
text: seconds of silence, they hear the CRASH far below.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You okay?
text: Grant nods and looks in the other direction.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: How about if we try this way?
text: Their only other option is a precarious catwalk that
text: disappears into the mist.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Do you think it goes all the way across?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: One way to find out.
dialog: The only way to get his-near-fall is to push ahead. But his
text: stomach turns at being so high.
text: Amanda follows. The catwalk creaks and groans, listing
text: slightly. She freezes mid-stride.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: (glancing back)
dialog: We'd better do this one at a time.
text: Amanda steps of and Grant carefully pushes forward,
text: disappearing into the thick fog.
text: The others listen to the CREAKING of the catwalk until it STOPS
speaker_heading: ABRIPTLY.
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dr. Grant?
text: More silence. Then, out of the fog, a distant voice call out --
speaker_heading: GRANT (O.S.)
dialog: Come on over. One at a time.
text: Amanda steps tentatively forwards. Eric is clinging to her.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Eric, its okay. You'll be right behind me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We're not going anywhere, I promise.
text: As Paul holds Eric, and Amanda shares a look.
dialog: Amanda
dialog: We're all together now, Eric.
text: Eric reluctantly releases her mother. Amanda starts to cross.
scene_heading: 73	EXT. REVER CANYON - FAR WALL - DAY				73
text: Grant has stopped at a lateral support across the
text: catwalk, trying to get the sense of where they are and what
dialog: purpose this place may have served.
text: Seeing that the support beams are brace high arched walls of steal
text: mesh, it becomes obvious that we are inside this vast
dialog: construction.
text: Amanda emerges from the mist and turns back to the catwalk.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Okay! Come on, Eric!
scene_heading: 74	EXT. LANDING - DAY							74
text: Eric is next to go across. He's still tentative.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How 'bout if I...
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: No, I can do it.
text: Billy and Paul look on as Eric disappears into the vapor.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: That's it Eric. Nice and easy...
scene_heading: 75	EXT. CATWALK - DAY							75
text: Eric slowly gropes his way forward. He feels a GUST OF WIND and
text: a HEAVY THUD ahead on the catwalk which now sways beneath
dialog: him.
text: Regaining his balance, Eric peers forward, but the fog prevents
text: him from seeing more than fifteen feet ahead. There is an EERIE
text: SILENCE. Eric calls out timidly.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Mom?
scene_heading: 75A	EXT. RIVER CANYON - FAR WALL - DAY				75A
text: Across the canyon, Grant moves across the later support. With
text: his hand on the railing, he sends a white, hardened substance
text: dropping into the mist.
text: Looking up, Grant notices a large strut, covered with the same
text: substance. Realizing what it could be.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Oh, my God.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: GRANT
text: A bird cage.
text: Then, the sound of Eric SCREAMING.
scene_heading: 75B	EXT. CATWALK - DAY							75B
text: Eric watches as A LOOMING SHAPE emerges from the fog -- a
text: nightmarish vision stalking purposefully forward.
text: A FULL GROWN PTERANODON,
text: standing over seven feet high, walks upright on clawed feet, his
text: thirty foot wings folded bat-like at his side.
text: The creature sees Eric and fixes him with a demonic glare.
text: Eric CRIES OUT and dashes back down the teetering catwalk.
text: The Pteranodon ruses to its feet, spreads its thirty-foot wings
text: and flies directly at him.
text: AT THE OTHER END OF THE CATWALK
text: Hearing Eric's SCREAMS, Paul charges onto the catwalk,
text: searching in the fog.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Eric!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: It won't hold!
dialog: Suddenly,
speaker_heading: ERIC
text: emerges from the fog, racing toward his father. And then
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE PTERANODON
text: swoops out of the fog, opens its giant rear claws, and snatches
text: the terrified boy from the catwalk.
text: Paul Kirby watches in stunned, abject horror as the Pteranodon
dialog: carries Eric directly overhead --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: ERIC!
text: The flying reptile struggles with the boy's weight. Paul
text: watches helplessly as Eric is carried high across the canyon.
text: Paul runs back alone the catwalk in a desperate attempt to keep
text: Eric in sight.
text: Billy stays behind, moving back up the platform to try to
text: keep the dinosaur in view. With a new idea, he races back up the
text: stairs to the observation room. He has a way to save Eric.
text: When he reaches the canyon wall, Paul turns a corner and runs
text: along another enclosed catwalk leading deeper into the canyon.
text: Grant and Amanda now come pounding down the catwalk trying to
text: catch up with Paul.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Paul! Where is he? Can you see him?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (shouting back)
dialog: I'm trying! That thing took him down this
dialog: way!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Split up!
speaker_heading: THE PTERANODON
text: carries Eric deeper into the canyon. The creature's wings beat
text: steadily overhead, and the WIND is fierce. Eric looks down and
text: sees the river far below.
text: The Pteranodon swoops over an isolated outcropping of rocks at
text: the end of the canyon and drops Eric into --
scene_heading: 75C	EXT. PTERANODON NEST - DAY					75C
text: A large bowl of mud and branches the size of a satellite dish.
text: Eric lands right on top of a pile of dinosaur bones picked
text: clean. Mixed among is one human skull.
text: Before Eric has time to cry out, he looks up to find
scene_heading: SIX PTERANODON HATCHLINGS
text: closing in on him with sharp-edged beaks.
text: He picks up the human skull and whips it to the hatchlings.
text: They easily duck it and keep coming.
scene_heading: 76	EXT. OBSERVATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS DAY			76
text: Grant looks up to see Billy leaning out over the edge of the
text: observation platform. He suddenly realizes what Billy is about
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: BILLY! WAIT!
text: Billy SHOUTS BACK, an excited-terrified grin on his face.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I CAN GET HIM!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: NO!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I KNOW THE CONSEQUENCES!
text: Billy jumps off the railing and
text: DROPS TOWARDS THE CANYON BELOW.
text: Grant, Paul and Amanda watch as Billy FALLS past them like a
text: stone, plummeting towards certain death. But then --
scene_heading: THE PARASAIL CHUTE
text: blossoms above him.
text: Not only does it slows Billy's descent, but he even manages to
text: catch an updraft and begin to rise.
text: He struggles to control the parasail, swooping dangerously
text: close to the canyon wall, barely avoiding it.
text: Up ahead he catches sight of Eric and steers towards him.
scene_heading: 77-80	OMIT									77-80
scene_heading: 81	EXT. PTERANODON NEST - DAY					81
text: Eric struggles to keep away from the hatchlings. But there's
dialog: no way out of this nest.
text: Billy SWOOPS overhead, but he's too high to reach Eric.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ERIC! HOLD ON!
text: He circles around to make another attempt.
scene_heading: 82	EXT. ENCLOSED CATWAY - DAY					82
text: Paul rounds the corner and finally catches sight of Eric in the
text: nest, some fifty feet below, fighting off the hatchlings.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hang on, Eric!
text: Paul sees an outcropping he could jump onto from here. It's a
text: big leap, though, he might not make it. He steels himself up for
text: the jump, then chickens out.
text: Grant and Amanda come up behind him. Suddenly,
scene_heading: A SECOND PTERANODON
text: CRASH LANDS on the catwalk enclosure about them -- right next
text: to a gaping hole in the mesh. The catwalk GROANS with the
dialog: extra weight.
text: The pteranodon JAMS its head through the hole, SNAPPING at
dialog: them.
scene_heading: 83	EXT. CANYON - IN THE AIR - DAY					83
text: Billy circles, making his approach.
text: In the nest, Eric kicks at the hatchlings, but they're
text: undeterred. Billy and Eric will only have one chance.
text: As Billy swoops past, Eric jumps and grabs onto his boot. He is
text: yanked up and out of the nest. But than, MOTHER PTERANODON
text: shoots past, tearing out a piece of the parasail in its beak.
scene_heading: 84-85	OMIT									84-85
scene_heading: 86	EXT. OVER THE RIVER - DAY					86
text: The pteranodon who landed on the top of the catwalk continues to
text: SNAP through the hole in the enclosure.
text: Finally the reptile's massive weight proves to much, and the
text: entire section of the catwalk BREAKS FREE of the canyon wall
text: and FLIPS OVER LATERALLY.
text: Amanda, Grant and Paul are able to hang on, but so is the
text: pteranodon, who now climbs their way.
speaker_heading: 87	OMIT									87
scene_heading: 88	EXT. OVER THE RIVER - DAY					88
text: His parasail badly damaged, Billy tries to keep aloft. Heading
text: as low as he dares, he yells to Eric --
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Let go!
text: Terrified, Eric falls into the river safely. He surfaces,
text: immediately swimming to shore.
text: Trying to gain altitude, Billy bends hard to the right. But the
text: rigging is too badly damaged. He flies right into the canyon
text: wall, hitting hard.
text: Instead of tumbling down to the river, he finds himself
text: swinging from his harness - the parasail snagged on a rock
text: spire above him.
scene_heading: 89	EXT. BROKEN CATWALK - DAY					89
text: Paul, Grant and Amanda struggle to stay away from the
text: pteranodon as it moves towards them.
text: Suddenly. the far end of this inverted section of catwalk
text: detaches from the canyon wall and
text: SWINGS DOWNWARD.
text: The force of the action sends the three tumbling directly
text: towards the pteranodon.
text: Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak. But they
text: are all sent plummeting toward the river below.
scene_heading: 90	EXT. RIVER - DAY							90
text: They hit the water hard, resurfacing moments later. The
text: current is carrying them downstream.
scene_heading: 91	EXT. CANYON WALL - DAY						91
text: The two pteranodons who were pursuing Billy now land on nearby
text: ledges and consider how best to dispatch their prey.
text: Billy frantically tries to unhook his harness, but the tension
text: is so tight from his own weight that he can't loosen the
text: buckles.
scene_heading: 92-93	OMIT							 92-93
scene_heading: 94	EXT. RIVER BANK - DAY					 94
text: Paul and Amanda emerge from the water by the canyon wall and
text: find their son hiding behind a rock, searching the skies for
dialog: Billy.
text: Amanda takes Eric tightly in her arms, and Paul urges them to
text: keep moving. Up ahead, the mesh of the aviary meets the river.
text: Wading the shore, Grant now scans the canyon, searching for
text: Billy. It doesn't take long to spot him.
scene_heading: 95	EXT. CANYON WALLL - DAY						95
text: Billy continues to struggle with the harness but to no avail.
text: The doomed young man is suspended high up on the canyon wall
text: like a modern Prometheus, an entire FLOCK of pteranodons
text: gathering around him preparing to peck away his liver. And
dialog: everything else.
text: A MAMMOTH PTERANADON has landed beside him and looks him
text: straight in the eye.
text: The gigantic creature lunges at him. Billy dodges away as best
text: he can. The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial
text: juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle free.
scene_heading: 96	EXT. RIVER BANK - DAY						96
text: Eric, Amanda, Paul and Grant watch in amazement as Billy is the
text: last to PLUNGE DOWN into the river.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: He made it!
text: Billy bobs to the surface and spots the group downstream. He
text: waves and begins to swim towards them. Soon he nears the shore
text: and gets to his feet, wading as he comes.
text: Grant, Paul, Amanda and Eric hurry to meet him.
text: Grant is overjoyed to see him alive. But his smile quickly
text: fades as he sees
text: THE ENTIRE FLOCK OF PTERANODONS
text: diving down from above in angry pursuit of their lost prey.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Billy, look out!
text: Billy glances behind him. He races forward, motioning fro his
text: companions to turn around.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Get back! Get back!
text: Just then Billy is knocked down by the lead pteranodon. It
text: strikes from behind with a brutal, calculated beak to the head.
text: Billy stumbles and falls to the ground.
text: Grant rushes forward with Paul right after him. Amanda takes
dialog: Eric to safety down river.
text: Billy SCREAMS as the ENTIRE FLOCK of pteranodons now swarms
text: around him, picking him apart with their beaks and claws.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Billy!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's no use, Dr. Grant. No use.
text: Grant can't take his eyes off Billy, whose BLOOD stains the
text: water rushing by.
text: And now several pteranodons are heading their way. Difficult
text: as it is to leave Billy behind, Grant and Paul make a run for it.
text: Just as the pteranodons are about to swoop in for the kill, Alan
text: and Paul dive back into the river...
scene_heading: 97	EXT. THE RIVER - CONTINUOUS DAY				97
text: ...and resurfaces on the far side of the mesh aviary wall, GASPING
text: for air. Just behind them, the mammoth
speaker_heading: PTERANODON
text: CRASHES into the mesh. It tears at the steel, actually ripping
text: it in one place.
text: At the dock up ahead, Amanda and Eric have found a rusty,
text: waterlogged barge that's somehow still floating. Carrying a
text: tarp-covered cage, the boat was meant for transporting dinos
text: up and down the river.
text: Amanda pushes them away from the dock as Alan and Paul climb
text: on board.
scene_heading: 98	EXT. ON THE BARGE - CONTINUOUS DAY				98
text: The current takes the craft downstream, letting us get our
dialog: first good look at the incredible
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AVIARY.
text: It's a vast, domed mesh structure that spans the entire canyon.
dialog: In all, a feat of remarkable engineering and unmistakable
dialog: hubris.
text: Catching their breath, our four survivors look at the cage they
dialog: were caught in.
scene_heading: 99	EXT. DOWN RIVER - DAY / LATER					99
text: Yanking the starter rope one final time, Paul finally gets the
text: engine to turn over, PUTTERING along. Amanda is beside him,
text: bailing water.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: My own kid was right in front of me and I
dialog: didn't do a damn thing.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You couldn't have made that jump.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I should have tried. It should have been me
dialog: on that beach back there, not Billy.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: How would you have helped Eric?
dialog: (he can't answer)
dialog: He needs you, Paul. He needs us.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He could have died.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: But he didn't. And neither did you. And I'm
dialog: glad about that.
text: 99A	UP ON THE BOW							99A
text: Grant is beside Eric, keeping watch, but also feeling the weight
dialog: of Billy's death.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Do you have any kids?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: No. Although I've studied them in the wild.
text: Eric looks over, not sure what that means.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CON'T)
dialog: I have a theory that there's two kinds of
dialog: boys. Those who want to be astronomers and
dialog: those who want to be astronauts.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: I want to be an astronaut.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: See, I was the opposite. I never understood
dialog: why anyone would want to go into space. It's
dialog: so dangerous. You do one thing wrong and
dialog: you're dead. The astronomer -- or the
dialog: paleontologist -- get to study these amazing
dialog: things from a place of complete safety. And
dialog: truthfully, everything you really need to
dialog: learn, you can learn it from the ground.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: But then you never get to go in space.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Exactly. The difference between imagining
dialog: how things might be and seeing how they
dialog: really are. To be able to touch them. That's
dialog: what Billy wanted to do.
text: The barge starts to round a bend. On the bow, Grant and Eric
dialog: are the fist to see something remarkable. Eric GASPS,
text: unprepared. We don't know yet what they see.
speaker_heading: GRANT (cont'd)
dialog: I can blame the people who made this island.
dialog: But I can't blame the people who want to see
dialog: it. To study it.
text: At the rear of the barge, Paul just now sees what's ahead. Awe-
text: struck, he slows the motor and motions for Amanda to take a
dialog: look. And so do we.
speaker_heading: UP AHEAD
text: The setting sun illuminates an incredible valley filled with
text: dinosaurs. We see armored ANKYLOSAURS with clubbed
text: tails. Duck-billed CORYTHOSAURS. We float under the gigantic,
text: arching necks of eighty-foot BRACHIOSAURS.
text: With the mist from the river and the play of light, we're
text: witnessing a kind of primal Eden.
speaker_heading: GRANT (cont'd)
dialog: How's a boy suppose to resist this?
scene_heading: 100	EXT. FURTHER DOWNSTREAM - NIGHT				100
text: A FULL MOON passes behind clouds. THUNDER quietly rumbles, and
text: LIGHTNING flickers in the distance.
text: Paul is still at the wheel. The river is narrower here, and
dialog: cautions must be taken to avoid the banks.
text: As the barge begins to round another bend. a FAMILIAR HIGH-
text: PITCHED SOUND pierces the darkness. Muffled but unmistakable,
text: it is the RINGING SAT-PHONE.
text: All exchange looks of sheer PANIC, expecting Spinosaurus to
text: leap out at any moment. Grant scans the river banks.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Keep quiet.
text: Paul cuts the motor, and time seems to stop as the four stand
dialog: posed for action.
text: The barge finishes rounding the curve, and the ringing grows
text: LOUDER. The suspense is excruciating until finally...
text: Their eyes widen at some horrifying sight, more horrifying
dialog: than anything they've yet seen.
text: SEVEN MOUNDS OF DINOSAUR DUNG sit on the patch off treeless flat
text: ground just beyond the river bank.
text: As our friends consider the sight, an idea comes to them all of them
text: almost simultaneously.
text: With Eric still in the boat, Amanda, Paul, and Alan jump into
text: the river and rush to the bank.
scene_heading: 101	EXT. RIVER BANK - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT				101
text: The three companions sprint towards the source of the RINGING.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Find it before it stops ringing!
text: And bracing themselves and hocking their breath, they PLUNGE
text: their arms into their respective dung-heaps. After a few
dialog: moments of this disgusting search...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I've got something. I think I've got
dialog: something!
text: All turn to Paul. Clearing away the clinging defecation, he
text: holds up to a beeper. And still the phone RINGS.
text: Returning to their bleak task, they shovel the excrement with
text: their arms. Finally:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I've got it! I've got it!
text: Grant snatches the RINGING SAT-PHONE from Amanda's hands,
text: presses a button, and puts it to his ear.
speaker_heading: RECORDED VOICE (ON PHONE)
dialog: You too can own a time share in beautiful
dialog: Guadalajara. Enjoy a meal in one of our four
dialog: star restaurants, explore our coral reefs, or
dialog: just walk on the beach...
text: The Kirby’s hear the recorded voice and let out a collective,
text: heavy sigh. Grant shuts off the phone.
text: In all the excitement, none of them notice a fierce horned
text: CARNOTAUR right behind them. The giant creature ROARS, ready
dialog: to eat them.
text: But as it gets in close, it smells them. Even a dinosaur won't
text: eat something that is covered in shit. After a beat, the
text: Carnotaur turns and walks away, back into the jungle.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Can't help but be a little offended.
scene_heading: 102	EXT. BACK ON THE BARGE - NIGHT					102
text: CLOSE ON the cleaned satellite phone's display. The battery
text: level indicator is FLASHING.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Whatever you do, don't call the U.S. Embassy.
dialog: They won't do a God Damn thing.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Well, we don't exactly have a Costa Rican
dialog: phone book here, so it will have to be
dialog: somebody we know in the states. Someone we
dialog: can absolutely count on to send help.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to Amanda)
dialog: Stan.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I wouldn't trust Stan with a snowball in a
dialog: blizzard.
text: Paul glares at her. Now Eric notices something odd in the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: What's that?
text: The others look down in the murky water. Just below the
dialog: surface,
text: A SHIMMERING WAVE OF SILVER
text: passes beneath the boat.
text: Then a SINGLE FISH jumps from the water. And another. And
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Bonitas.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Something must've scared them.
text: Another roll of THUNDER, this time much closer.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Get the motor going.
text: Paul moves the motor and pulls the start cord. The engine
text: sputters but won't come to life.
text: And now the phone BEEPS. The battery is getting even weaker.
text: Grant makes a quick decision and DIALS.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Who are you calling?
text: But Grant ignores the question. RING. RING.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Pick up! Pick up!
scene_heading: 103	INT. ELLIE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT				103
text: Wearing his jammies, three-year old Charlie awkwardly picks up
text: the phone with both hands. He has the mouthpiece next to his
text: lips, but the earpiece is hanging out in space.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hewwo?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
dialog: Recognizing who it must be...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Charlie? Charlie. Get your mother. Right
dialog: away!
text: A long silence. Charlie bites his lip, looks around.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Charlie? Are you there?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hewwo?
text: The sat-phone BEEPS again, this time much LOUDER.
text: Amanda and Eric watch Grant, realizing their fate may hang on
text: this single call. Paul struggles without success to start the
dialog: motor.
text: Then, unseen by the group, a
speaker_heading: GIGANTIC FIN
text: rises from the water just fifty yards from the barge. It's
text: headed right to them and closing fast.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Charlie! It's the dinosaur man! Go get
dialog: mommy, okay?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay.
text: Not sure what to do with the phone, Charlie makes a logical
text: choice and hangs it back up.
text: He walks away to his mom.
scene_heading: 104	EXT. BARGE - NIGHT [END INTERCUTTING]			104
text: Grant realizes he's been cut off. He's about to redial when
speaker_heading: WHAM!
text: The barge is RAMMED, sending everyone tumbling. Grant manages
text: to stay on top of the wheelhouse, but he loses grip on the
text: phone, which falls on deck.
speaker_heading: SPINOSAURUS
text: rises from the water, towering over the barge. As lightning
text: FLASHES and thunder CRACKS, the dinosaur lets out an ear-
text: splitting ROAR.
text: It lunges at Grant with gaping jaws. Grant leaps out of
dialog: the way just in time as the dinosaur
speaker_heading: RIPS OFF
text: the entire wheelhouse.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 105	INT. ELLIE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT				105
text: Charlie leads Ellie into the room. Hands her the phone. Of
dialog: course, it's just a DIAL TONE.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Was somebody on the phone?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Dinosaur man.
text: Ellie looks at him with confusion, then quickly checks the
text: Caller ID box besides the phone. It's international, and not a
text: number she recognizes.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 106	EXT. THE BARGE - NIGHT						106
text: Grant stays one step ahead of the Spinosaurus as the beast rips
text: apart the quickly-sinking boat.
text: It spits out the wheelhouse and bites down on the stern of the
text: boat, ripping off a chunk.
text: Grant is heading up to the other three when he hears the sat-
text: phone RING. He spots it, just about to fall into the water.
dialog: Dives for it, answering...
speaker_heading: GRANT
speaker_heading: ELLIE!
scene_heading: 106A	INT. ELLIES LIVING ROOM - NIGHT					106A
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Alan?
text: She can hear the Spinosaurus ROAR.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Alan? Alan!
text: But he's cut off by a SECOND ROAR, the sound of someone
text: SCREAMING.
text: And then the line goes dead.
text: Ellie pales. Charlie looks at her with a smile.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (imitating)
dialog: Raaaar!
scene_heading: 106B	EXT. BACK ON THE BARGE - NIGHT					106B
text: Dropping the dead phone, Grant scrambles towards the front of
text: the boat and joins Paul, Amanda and Eric, who have taken refuge
text: in the dinosaur cage.
text: The fearsome beast now lifts the stern of the boat clear out of
dialog: the water.
text: The cage SCRAPES across the deck and SLAMS into the gunwale,
text: toppling off the barge and
text: INTO THE RIVER.
text: Grant and the Kirby’s are still inside.
scene_heading: 107	EXT. THE RIVER - UNDERWATER - NIGHT				107
text: The cage sinks. The closest to the door, Paul manages to get out.
text: The other three aren't as lucky. The cage rotates as it descends
text: and lands on the river bottom with the door side down, trapping
text: them inside.
text: In the cold murky depths, they pull frantically on the bars.
text: Debris and equipment float around them.
text: Paul surfaces out of the breath and disoriented. Spinosaurus
text: pushes past the boat. If anyone is going to save his family, it
dialog: has to be him.
text: And so he dives.
text: Pushing with all his might, he manages to tip the heavy
text: structure, just enough so Amanda, Eric and Grant can get out.
dialog: Paul himself isn't so lucky.
text: Spinosaurus grabs the cage and Paul, throwing both straight up
text: out of the water. Paul flies twenty feet away, further from the
dialog: shore.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
speaker_heading: PAUL!
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: DAD!
text: Spinosaurus is going after the heroic Mr. Kirby, who dives,
text: swimming underwater. He's trying to lead it away from his
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Up! Up!
text: He points to a heavy crane assembly, designed for lifting cages
text: off the large boats. Now well accustomed to fleeing on
text: command, Amanda sends Eric up first, climbing the scaffolding
text: like a jungle gym.
text: All the while, they're trying to spot Paul.
text: Grant is the last to climb, reaching the first section as
text: Spinosaurus returns from the water, SLAMMING into the base of
text: the crane. The whole assembly SHUDDERS, threatening to rip into
dialog: the water.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Where's Dad?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Just hold on.
text: Try as it might, the beast can't climb the crane. So instead it
text: RAMS it, SHAKES it, trying to knock them off. Eric slips, but
text: Amanda catches him.
text: About to shed his bag to climb higher, Grant finds one last
text: hope. It's the resonation chamber model. A beat before he
dialog: decides: It may not be the best choice, but it's the only choice.
text: He blows through it, the same EERIE PITCH we heard before. On
text: the third try, he's able to approximate the "egg" cry he heard
text: the raptors give. He keeps it up, repeating over and over.
text: Spinosaurus stops for a beat, confused How this sound could be
text: coming from a non-raptor. But then keeps SMASHING.
text: We can hear the mounting bolts STRAIN. Soon the whole crane
dialog: will tip.
text: But not before a MATCHING CRY is heard in the jungle. Grant
text: stops, not certain he heard it. But there it is AGAIN.
text: He keeps blowing.
text: The crane is close to tipping when a single RAPTOR appears
text: from the darkness, CHIRP-BARKING at the Spinosaur, who simply
text: bats away.
text: But then MORE RAPTORS come. And even MORE. Soon there are
text: dozens gathering, circling.
text: Grant stops signaling. All three survivors watch with
text: horrified fascination, knowing their fate is perilous no matter
dialog: which side wins.
text: Looking at his adversaries, Spinosaurus ROARS. And suddenly
text: the raptors attack.
text: Spinosaurus easily handles the first few, but like ants they
text: just keep coming. They climb up his back, slicing, into him with
text: their razor-sharp claws.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Jump! Swim for the far shore!
text: All three drop from the crane arm into the water.
text: Meanwhile, the fight continues. Spinosaurus rallies, shaking
text: off many of the raptors, but they just keep coming. Their
text: hooked claws dig in, scraping the meat to the bone.
text: Spinosaurus puts up a brave fight to the end, but finally
text: collapses, dead. The raptors continue to shred it to ribbons.
text: Then one of the raptors looks over to see the survivors
text: swimming away.
text: But a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. It goes back to
dialog: its meal.
scene_heading: 107A	EXT. FAR SHORE - NIGHT						107A
text: Grant is trying to move them along. still headed downstream.
text: But Eric won't budge another foot.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: We have to keep looking for Dad. We have to.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I know. I know. I want to look for him too.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: then we should...
text: She kneels down, facing him. She's just as upset as he is, but
text: motherhood carries the burden of remaining calm.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Let me tell you a few things about you Dad,
dialog: okay? He's very very very clever, very very brave,
dialog: and he loves you ever very much.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: He loves you too.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Okay. He loves us very very much. And I know
dialog: that right now more than anything, your Dad
dialog: would want to know that we're safe. Okay?
text: Eric nods.
speaker_heading: AMANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: We're going to get out of this, and
dialog: everything's going to be all right, I promise.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Listen to your mother.
text: Out of the darkness steps Paul Kirby. Amanda is knocked over
text: with surprise. Eric runs to him, nearly tackling him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good thing I've been swimming, huh?
text: Amanda hugs him and Eric so tightly they can't breath.
speaker_heading: CROSSFADE TO:
scene_heading: 108-109	OMIT								108-109
scene_heading: 110	EXT. BEACH - DAY							110
text: The foursome sit back on the wide beach, one facing
text: each direction, keeping watch. A light rain is falling, but they
dialog: don't seem to notice.
dialog: Trying to keep his boy's spirit up...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You remember when we went fishing last
dialog: summer? And I was trying to put the boat in
dialog: and the trailer sank? And then the tow truck
text: came and tried to pull it out, but it got
dialog: dragged in? And the truck driver threatened
dialog: to knock your Dad's lights out? So I said I
dialog: was the governor and he believed me?
text: Eric really smiles, remembering the day.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Yeah.
text: Amanda is smiling too. She had completely forgotten the
dialog: incident.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That was a fun day.
dialog: To Paul, after some consideration....
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: We should try fishing again.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You mean it?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I do. It's worth another shot. And who knows?
dialog: Things might turn out differently.
text: Her hand takes his, gently brushing off the wet sand, fingertips
text: touching. It's a small thing, but it's a start.
text: Sensing his cue to leave, Grant gets up and starts walking down
text: the beach. Eric hurries to follow him. He speaks
text: conspiratorially, not wanting to alarm his parents.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: The lady you called, how do you know she can
dialog: help us?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: She's the one person I could always count on.
dialog: And she's saved me more times than she
dialog: realizes. I owe her everything.
text: A long beat as they walk.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: It's strikes me now I never told her that.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: You should.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: You're right.
text: As they keep walking, Grant notices something rammed against
text: the rocks ahead. It's a speedboat, its hull ripped open from the
dialog: impact.
text: And it's not just any boat either -- it's the same Dino-Soar
text: boat that was pulling the parasail. Eric hasn’t seen it yet, so
text: Grant stops him.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Eric, do you know what happened to the boat?
dialog: that brought you here? Why did it crash?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: No. I couldn't see.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Do me a favor. Go back to your parents for a
dialog: minute, would you?
dialog: (pre-empting objections)
text: They look worried.
text: Eric nods and heads back to Paul and Amanda. Grant forges on,
text: approaching the speedboat wreckage. He doesn't know what he'll
dialog: find, but he needs to look.
text: Almost reaching his parents, Eric stops. Looks out over the
text: ocean, where he sees
scene_heading: TWO LIGHTS.
text: He doesn't say anything for a moment, trying to make sure
text: they're real. They are. And they're coming closer.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Mom! Dad!
text: They look up to see the distant lights, just now making out
dialog: full forms...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Helicopters. Helicopters!
text: He SHOUTS with joy. Paul, Amanda and Eric wave their arms,
text: making as much motion as possible. The helicopters -- big
text: military choppers -- change direction, heading straight for
dialog: them.
text: Paul and Amanda embrace, then kiss, the moment getting the best
dialog: of them
text: AT THE SPEEDBOAT
text: Grant looks in, prepared to see anything in the wreckage. But
text: the cabin is surprisingly intact, just a little blood. There are
text: three gashes on the driver's seat back. Grant measures their
text: spacing with his fingers.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (yelling over)
dialog: Dr. Grant! Helicopters are coming!
text: Grant looks down to the wet sand around him, finding a trail of
text: three-toed tracks.
speaker_heading: ERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: We're safe!
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: No we're not.
text: THE FIRST CHOPPER.
text: flies right overhead. Paul and Amanda are confused, until the
text: second helicopter starts to land -- the first on is there to
dialog: cover them.
text: Grant YELLS at the first chopper, trying to wave it away. But
text: the noise of the blades is DEAFENDING.
speaker_heading: GRANT (CONT'D)
text: NO! STAY BACK! THEY'RE IN THE TREES!
text: At the treeline, the upper branches are shaking. At first, it
text: looks like it's just the wind off the chopper, but
text: something more is happening.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: A PTERANODON
text: flies up out of the trees, the first of twenty. It's a gorgeous
text: and terrifying sight.
scene_heading: 110A	INT. FIRST CHOPPER - DAWN					110A
text: Terrified, the Costa Rican CHOPPER PILOT veers away, but the
text: pteranodons are already on him. They SMASH at the windows,
text: grabbing on the skids, The chopper rolls wildly.
text: One over-eager pteranodon sticks his head up to high, getting
text: decapitated by the blade.
scene_heading: 110B	EXT. BEACH - DAWN							110B
text: As the second chopper touches down on the beach, Eric, Amanda
text: and Paul load in. Grant is running their way.
scene_heading: 110C	EXT. BY THE TREES - DAWN						110C
text: Meanwhile, the first copper is losing the battle even as it
text: climbs higher. The helicopter suddenly tips, falling, SMASHING
text: into the trees with a massive fireball.
scene_heading: 110D	INT. SECOND CHOPPER - DAWN					110D
text: Seeing the explosion, the SECOND CHOPPER PILOT takes off. Eric,
text: Amanda and Paul are on board, but Grant is still running up.
text: The helicopter passes right over him.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (to the pilot)
dialog: You have to go back! We can't leave him!
text: Seeing a ladder release by the door, Paul throws the lever. A cord-
text: and-steel-ladder unfurls, dragging across the sand.
scene_heading: 110E	EXT. THE BEACH - DAWN					 110E
text: Grant chases after us, catching a rung just as it goes over the
text: water. Behind him, pteranodons are circling the wreckage of
text: the first chopper and starting to go after the second.
text: Buffeted by the wind, Grant climbs the ladder up towards the
text: chopper. A pteranodon flies up right behind him, trying to
text: bite. It catches Grant's shoulder.
text: Grant spins to the far side of the ladder. The pteranodon goes
text: to bite him again, but finds it head caught between the rungs.
text: As it tries to free itself, it just gets more entangled.
text: The entire ladder starts to lift, caught by the updraft from the
text: creature’s wings.
scene_heading: 110F	INT. SECOND CHOPPER - DAWN					110F
text: Up with the pilot, Amanda sees the other pteranodons are headed
text: back to the island, unable to keep up.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: They're not following.
text: In back, Paul and Eric get the ladder mechanism to begin to
text: retract. It reels Grant in faster. It also reels in the
text: pteranodon, which may be caught, but is still plenty dangerous.
text: As Grant reaches the cabin, they shut off the ladder engine.
text: The pteranodon is still working its way free, pulling itself closer
dialog: and closer.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: (shouting over the noise)
dialog: We have to cut it! Find something sharp!
text: Everyone checking the cabin for a knife, anything sharp.
text: Finally, Eric hands Grant the raptor claw.
text: Grant uses it to rip the line. The fibers break and fray, but
text: the pteranodon keeps coming closer.
text: Paul throws a wrench at the pteranodon, WHACKING it straight
text: in the head. It felt good, and damn if it didn't slow it down a
dialog: little.
text: Grant has cut through the cord. He started on the second when
text: the pteranodon SNAPS at him, going for his hand. There's
text: nowhere for Grant to cut without the pteranodon getting him.
text: And idea, Grant very deliberately places in his hand on the line,
text: pulling away at the last moment. The pteranodon itself bites
text: through the line.
scene_heading: 110G	EXT. OCEAN - DAWN							110G
text: The pteranodon falls away from the helicopter, catching wind
text: just before it hits the water.
text: It circles and flies back to Isla Sorna.
text: As horrifying as the creature was a moment ago, it's suddenly
text: beautiful again. Each motion of its giant wings is a small
dialog: symphony.
scene_heading: 110H	INT. COPPER / FLYING - DAWN					110H
text: Sitting between his parents, Eric looks back at the island in
dialog: the distance.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: What do you think is going to happen with the
dialog: dinosaurs?
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: The population will Stabilize eventually.
dialog: They'll adapt to fit different roles.
scene_heading: ON PAUL AND AMANDA
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Either that, or the government will firebomb
dialog: it back to the Stone Age.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I would completely support that.
scene_heading: ON ERIC AND GRANT
text: looking back at the island.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: I hope they don't. I want to come back
dialog: someday.
dialog: And Dr. Grant realizes...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: So do I.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN – DAWN
text: The helicopter flies away across the ocean, leaving the island behind.
speaker_heading: THE END
