dialog: @
speaker_heading: Soonssic TARR Ag :
dialog: Sa Smres > PA ey ou4\e7>
scene_heading: EXT. LITTLE LEAGUE FIELD - AERIAL
text: We DRIFT over a scene of Saturday afternoon Americana, a
text: Little League baseball game and cookout at the town FIELD of
dialog: a peaceful suburban community-
scene_heading: GROUND LEVEL - PICNIC AREA
text: A DAD in a grease-spattered apron flips steaks, burgers and
text: dogs on the grill with a long-handled fork~
scene_heading: PARKING LOT - YAPPY DOG
text: A little YAPPY DOG scoots around BARKING with apoplectic fury
text: at the end of its leash, secured to gardening stake whacked
text: into the ground at the edge of the parking lot-
speaker_heading: BLEACHERS
text: PARENTS CHEER their children on-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: Come on, Joshua, rip the cover off
dialog: the ball!
speaker_heading: TIMMY’S FATHER
dialog: Buckle down, fellas! On your toes
dialog: out there!
text: Joshua’s mother sits with little REBECCA, no more than two or
text: three years old, standing on the bleacher seats beside her,
text: and her bespectacled son BENJAMIN immersed in a Harry Potter
text: book on the other side. Behind her is a VIDEO ENTHUSIAST
text: parent, recording everything with a high-end VIDEO CAMERA-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: Come on, honey, lay into it!
dialog: (nudging Benjamin) Benjamin, stop
dialog: reading, your brother‘’s up-
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: I’m aware of that, Mother.
text: We PAN to the FIELD just as JOSHUA swings and hits a grounder
dialog: between first and second-
scene_heading: JOSHUA‘S MOTHER
dialog: Run! Run! Run!
speaker_heading: RIGHT FIELD
text: The ball continues into RIGHT FIELD, where little TIMMY, not
dialog: e ba GH
text: major league material, lets it roll between his legs, turns
text: and kicks it a few times before finally picking it up and
text: launching an anemic throw toward the infield, to the chorus
dialog: of-
speaker_heading: TEAMMATES
dialog: Throw it! Throw the ball! Throw
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: INFIELD
text: The ball is retrieved by the first baseman, who hurls it to
text: the shortstop covering second, but Joshua is already standing
text: happily on top of the bag. The PITCHER is furious, yelling
dialog: out to Timmy-
speaker_heading: PITCHER
dialog: All you got to do is pick it up and
dialog: throw it! You’re such a spaz!
speaker_heading: COACH (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, none of that!
text: We PAN to see the COACH standing in front of the BENCH of the
dialog: team in the field-
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: I'll handle the coaching, here!
speaker_heading: PITCHER
dialog: Do we have to have him out there?
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: Just get back on the mound, Mister.
text: The Pitcher kicks the dirt and returns to the mound, as the
text: Coach turns angrily to Timmy-
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: Keep your head down on those
text: grounders and throw ahead of the
dialog: runner! You're out there pickin
dialog: daisies!
speaker_heading: BLEACHERS
text: Timmy's father puts his head in his hands, humiliated-
dialog: w
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: He got a double!
dialog: ‘e
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: (still reading) A single and an
dialog: error.
scene_heading: PITCHER’S FATHER
dialog: That kid in right couldn’t catch a
dialog: cold in flu season.
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: Come on, Eli, bring him in!
speaker_heading: RIGHT FIELD
text: Timmy dejectedly walks back to his position. A large SHADOW
text: sweeps over him-
scene_heading: PARKING LOT - YAPPY DOG
text: Yappy Dog is yapping, yapping, then senses something above
text: ® and freezes, looking up. He starts to WHIMPER-
speaker_heading: BLEACHERS
text: Little Rebecca is looking up into the sky, fascinated-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: Good eyes, Eli! Way to look!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (points) Look, Mommy, birdy-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: (not looking up) This is your
dialog: pitch now! Get some aluminum on
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Birdy, Mommy, birdy-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: (still not looking) That's nice,
dialog: honey.
dialog: 
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: The pitch- CLINK! Eli lifts a very high pop-up into- oh no-
dialog: right field!
speaker_heading: BLEACHERS
scene_heading: TIMMY‘'S FATHER
dialog: Get under it son! You got it
dialog: Timmy !
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: Drop it! Drop it! Drop it!
speaker_heading: RIGHT FIELD
text: Timmy unsteadily wobbles under the pop-up, everyone on and
text: off the field SHOUTING instructions at him-
scene_heading: SKY - BASEBALL
text: The baseball keeps rising, rising- FWOOSH! A huge black
text: PTEROSAUR swoops out of the heights and snatches the ball in
text: its razor-toothed bill, then wings away with powerful
dialog: strokes!
speaker_heading: TIMMY
text: Frozen in amazement, glove still ready for the ball that
dialog: won't be coming down for him to drop-
speaker_heading: BLEACHERS
text: The SPECTATORS are stunned speechless, gaping up at the sky.
text: Little Rebecca giggles-
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Big birdy!
speaker_heading: PICNIC AREA
text: The barbecuing Dad stands frozen with a half-done steak
text: suspended on his fork, trying to make sense of what he just
dialog: saw-
dialog: ©
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: BARBECUE DAD
dialog: What the-
text: FWAP! Another PTEROSAUR swoops down from behind and snatches
dialog: the steak off his fork!
speaker_heading: BARBECUE DAD
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: BLEACHERS
text: We shoot from behind the bleachers toward the field and the
text: sky above it. A BLACK SHAPE takes form, winging in over the
dialog: fence in center field-
speaker_heading: REVERSE
text: The Spectators are standing up, concerned-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: (pointing) Look! Up in the sky!
dialog: It's a- a-
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (interested now) It’s some sort of
dialog: pterosaur, Mother.
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: IT'S COMING AT US!
text: Joshua's Mother grabs little Rebecca and ducks with all the
text: Spectators as the PTEROSAUR buzzes the bleachers, SQUAWKING
text: with menace! Only the Video Enthusiast and Benjamin remain
dialog: standing-
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: There's a whole flock of them,
dialog: though ‘flock’ might not be the
dialog: right word-
text: Joshua’s Mother grabs his arm and yanks him down, turns
dialog: screaming to the field-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: Joshua, run! Run!
dialog: @
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: Tt locks like a WWI cogfight over the infield, a half-dozen
text: PTEROSAURS wheeling and swooping, SQUAWKING hellaciously, the
text: LITTLE LEAGUERS scrambling in all directions-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA
text: Joshua begins to run down the basepath towards third, a
text: PTEROSAUR flapping after him. As he rounds third the beast
text: makes a lunge, narrowly missing the boy with its talons.
text: Joshua sprints toward home plate and his mother in the
text: bleachers beyond, the pterosaur wheeling and pursuing-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
text: Standing with her daughter in arms now, screaming out-
scene_heading: JOSHUA’S MOTHER
dialog: Run, Joshua, run! Slide!
speaker_heading: JOSHUA
text: Just as the PTEROSAUR makes another snatch for him Joshua
text: slides under its grasp and across home plate! The pterosaur
text: streaks past, busting partially through the nylon mesh of the
text: backstop, SQUAWKING and struggling as it becomes entangled-
scene_heading: PARKING LOT - AERIAL SHOT
text: We SWOOP down from above at the no longer yapping Yappy Dog-
speaker_heading: DOG
text: The dog WHIMPERS, takes a hard run- THOONK! and pulls the
text: stake clear out of the ground, scampering away with it
text: trailing him till- FWACK! the swooping PTEROSAUR scoops it up
text: and swallows it, flapping away with the leash and stake
dialog: dangling from its bill!
speaker_heading: PICNIC AREA
text: FAMILY MEMBERS running every whichway as they are dive-bombed
scene_heading: by PTEROSAURS-—
dialog: 
text: A. PTEROSAUR crouches on a blanket on the ground, wolfing down
dialog: the abandoned picnic food-
text: Barbecue Dad fends one flying menace eff with his long fork,
text: then dives under a PICNIC TABLE for refuge-
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: General panic on the field. The Pitcher has been standing
text: petrified on the mound throughout, too scared to run or even
dialog: lie down-
text: His Father is starting out to him from the sidelines, much
text: impeded by swooping, SQUAWKING PTEROSAURS-
scene_heading: PITCHER’S FATHER
dialog: Just stay right there, Alex! I'm
dialog: coming for you!
text: But a PTEROSAUR does a Stuka-dive over the backstop and FWAP!
text: grabs the boy by the shoulders, lifting him away-
scene_heading: PITCHER'S FATHER
dialog: NO!!!
text: The flying beast flaps hard, trying to get some altitude,
text: lugging the Pitcher only a few feet off the ground as it
text: heads straight toward Timmy in right field!
text: Timmy's Father is running out toward him, aluminum BASEBALL
dialog: BAT in hand-
speaker_heading: TIMMY ‘S FATHER
dialog: Grab him, Timmy! Grab him!
speaker_heading: TIMMY
text: Timmy pulls his glove off, estimates, then jumps just as the
text: PTEROSAUR is starting to lift off, grabbing the Pitcher's
text: legs with both arms! The extra weight pulls the beast down
text: close enough to the ground that WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! Timmy's
text: father can start whomping it with the bat. The pterosaur
text: lets the Pitcher go, he and Timmy tumbling to the ground,
text: then flaps away CROAKING a DISTRESS CALL-
text: The Pitcher’s father and Timmy’s father help the boys up-
speaker_heading: TIMMY ‘S FATHER
dialog: Nice grab, son. Way to use your
dialog: head.
dialog: ‘e
text: The VIDEO ENTHUSIAST steps past them, pointing his camera to
dialog: the sky-
scene_heading: VIDEO ENTHUSIAST
dialog: I think they're leaving!
text: We PAN to see what he’s taping- a PHALANX of PTERCSAURS
dialog: winging away together-
speaker_heading: INFIELD
text: We TRACK through freaked-out Little Leaguers and their
text: freaked-out parents, trying to comfort them, till we reach
text: home plate where Joshua's Mother is on her knees hugging
text: Joshua as little Rebecca and Benjamin stand by-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: Oh, Joshua, that was wonderful!
dialog: You were so brave!
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
text: He didn‘t touch third.
text: She gives her bookworm son a withering look-
speaker_heading: JOSHUA'S MOTHER
dialog: This is the last baseball game I
dialog: take you to, young man.
speaker_heading: BENJAMIN
dialog: (prightening) Promise?
speaker_heading: BACKSTOP
text: The thoroughly enmeshed PTEROSAUR caught in the backstop
text: netting SCREAMS in frustration—
scene_heading: INT. BEACH BAR - DAY - CU TELEVISION SCREEN
text: We start on a TV NEWS image of the struggling PTEROSAUR,
text: wrapped .in cut-away backstop netting and with a plastic
text: RESTRAINT holding its bill shut, being carefully carried past
text: shell-shocked LITTLE LEAGUERS and PARENTS by a pair of black-
dialog: uniformed SWAT TEAM members-
speaker_heading: TV NEWSWOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: The attack, the first occurring
dialog: within U.S. territory, left several
dialog: people badly shaken but resulted in
dialog: no serious injuries.
dialog: @
dialog: e
dialog: @
text: We switch to hand-held HOME VIDEO FOOTAGE shot by the
text: Enthusiast at the game- swooping pterosaurs, screaming
dialog: humans -
speaker_heading: TV NEWSWOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Similar incidents have plagued
dialog: communities in Central America and
dialog: Mexico in recent months, leading to
dialog: the formation of a United Nations
dialog: task force to exterminate the
text: intrusive pterosaurs.
text: We switch to more professional footage of a pair of little
text: COMPSOGNATHUS floating on a natural raft of coconut shells
text: and other debris on the OCEAN-
speaker_heading: TV NEWSWOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: These and a few other formerly
dialog: extinct species have migrated to
dialog: the mainland-
scene_heading: TV IMAGE - an AERIAL SHOT of ISLA NUBLAR-
speaker_heading: TV NEWSWOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: -from Isla Nublar, site of the
dialog: notorious Jurassic Park disaster-
text: TV IMAGE - a dusty street in a CENTRAL AMERICAN TOWN. A
text: FLOCK of scrawny CHICKENS run underfoot in a panic,
text: PEDESTRIANS jump onto cars as a small band of COMPSOGNATHUS
text: dart around after the chickens. A big hen goes down,
text: FEATHERS flying as the compys dive onto it-
speaker_heading: TV NEWSWOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ~causing untold damage to crops and
dialog: livestock. Wilhelm Speiler-
text: A business-suited corporate flak-catcher, SPEILER, appears on
text: screen standing before a large CORPORATE LOGO-
speaker_heading: TV NEWSWOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: -spokesman for Grendel Corporation,
dialog: the Swiss firm now responsible for
dialog: the island, had this to say-
speaker_heading: SPEILER (TV)
dialog: (slight Swiss accent) Our
dialog: eradication of the genetically
dialog: engineered creatures at the former
text: Jurassic Park is nearly complete.
dialog: We believe that these current
dialog: depredations-
scene_heading: REVERSE - NICK
text: NICK HARRIS, a currently unemployed scldier of fortune,
text: watches the TV sceptically as he stands at the counter of a
scene_heading: BEACHFRONT BAR-
speaker_heading: SPEILER (TV)
dialog: -can be attributed to animals that
dialog: escaped the island before we at
text: Grendel took possession of it.
text: Harris pushes aside his empty whiskey glass and steps away-—
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Right, buddy-
speaker_heading: SPEILER (V.O.)
dialog: We can only regret that we were not
dialog: given the opportunity to respond to
dialog: this situation earlier.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACHFRONT BAR/BOARDWALK - DAY
text: Harris squints as the sun hits him. He has a day-old stubble
text: on his face and the air of a man who's unhappily killing
text: time. We TRACK with him as he moves down the BOARDWALK past
text: various BEACH TYPES. A SHADOW drifts over him. He looks up-
speaker_heading: POV - SKY
text: Swooping low overhead are two, no, three-- PELICANS.
text: Similar outline but without the size and the teeth-
speaker_heading: OVERTON (0.S.)
dialog: Nick?
speaker_heading: BOARDWALK
text: JEB OVERTON, wearing a quasi-military UNIFORM, approaches
text: Nick with a halting gait-
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: It’s you, right?
text: Nick looks him over, smiles slightly-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Captain Overton.
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: (embarrassed) I look more like
dialog: Captain Crunch in this outfit. I
dialog: haven’t seen you since--
text: He doesn’t finish the sentence. The place they last saw each
dialog: other is not one either wishes to reminisce about-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: Have you heard from any of the
dialog: guys?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Haven’t been in the loop for a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: OVERTON
text: Wilkens drove his car off a cliff.
dialog: DeStefano-- well, peacetime is
dialog: rough for a lot of people.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How bout you?
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: Oh, I’m the bionic security guard.
text: He hitches up his pants slightly to reveal his ankles-
text: CHROMIUM prosthetics.
text: Both legs are artificial below the knees-
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: State of the art. I’m in charge of
text: the lock-up over at the aviary-
text: He indicates the large HUMMINGBIRD PATCH on the breast pocket
dialog: of his uniform-
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: -this, like, giant zoo for birds-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I always said you were for the
dialog: birds.
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: (grins) Listen, are you still-
dialog: consulting?
dialog: e
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (grim) Haven't had a contract in
dialog: three years.
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: But if there was one, good money, a
dialog: little travel, a little adventure-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You’ve been looking for me.
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: More or less.
text: Harris looks out over the beach. Lots of people having fun-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It’s not exactly a stepping-stone
dialog: to bigger and better things, what
dialog: we do, is it?
text: He sighs, resigned-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Who's it for?
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: Well- he’s kind of strange-
scene_heading: EXT. AVIARY - DAY - EMU
text: An EMU faces us in threat posture, the big, flightless bird
text: making a deep THUMPING noise as it vibrates its massive chest-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND (0.S.)
dialog: They can get rather territorial in
dialog: captivity.
speaker_heading: REVERSE
text: Nick and JOHN HAMMOND stroll down a pathway through a section
text: of high grass in the AVIARY. High above them is a domed
text: CEILING of net, all around are outcroppings of foliage and
text: busy BIRDS. A sturdy NURSE follows them several yards behind-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Of course it doesn’t put me in the
dialog: best of moods, either.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You’re not in captivity.
dialog: é
dialog: ©@
text: Hemmond shoots a quick lock back to the nurse-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: You just can’t see the chains. My
dialog: late heir managed to get me
dialog: declared incompetent, my minders
dialog: are bribed to spy upon me for my
dialog: enemies-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You have enemies?
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Did you know that I am the most-
dialog: sued person in the history of the
dialog: world? It’s in the Guinness Book,
dialog: you could look it up. Prominent
dialog: law schools devote entire semesters
dialog: to my malfeasances, regulatory
dialog: statutes bear my name- not the
dialog: legacy I had in mind when I started
text: out, but a legacy nonetheless.
text: They pass some beautiful ROSEATE SPOONBILLS wading through a
dialog: shallow pond-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: We look back at our lives and we
dialog: try to tally up the things we are
dialog: proud of against the regrets-- do
dialog: you have regrets, Mr. Harris?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (nods) More than a few.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: At the moment, my greatest regret,
dialog: other than having spawned the
dialog: careers of thousands of tort
dialog: lawyers, is having put an evil into
dialog: the world that may become permanent-
dialog: an evil that must be eliminated
text: before it spirals out of control.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Your dinosaurs.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: (smiles) Yes. My dinosaurs. How
dialog: much do you know about them?
dialog: 
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (shrugs) Most of them have been
dialog: wiped out. A couple species have
dialog: been making a nuisance of
dialog: themselves-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Whenever a new organism, especially
dialog: a predator with no natural enemies,
text: is introduced into an ecosystem,
text: the result is disastrous.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Pest control isn’t in my line-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: I’m not proposing you run about
text: with a butterfly net, Mr. Harris.
dialog: The most effective weapon against
dialog: any species is its own behavior-
dialog: particularly its reproductive
dialog: behavior. Take a population of any
dialog: wild animal and introduce a number
dialog: of highly aggressive but
dialog: reproductively-neutered individuals
dialog: within it- a ‘Judas strain’, so to
dialog: speak-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Cuts down on the birth rate.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Who better to locate our errant
dialog: creatures than their almost
dialog: identical kin-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why not give them diseases, too?
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
text: Viruses mutate faster than
dialog: lawsuits, I'm afraid. Too much
dialog: risk they'd begin to affect other
text: species. But a large influx of
text: young, aggressive, sterile but
dialog: sexually attractive females-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sounds like a college boy’s dream-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: And the only solution, I believe,
dialog: to our present crisis.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: @ NICK
dialog: Sounds good to me.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: But not to the United Nations.
dialog: They‘ve laughed off my proposals,
dialog: outlawed not only the creation of
dialog: any new dinosaurs, sterile or not,
dialog: but also prohibited the world-wide
dialog: mining, sale or possession of amber-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: No little mosquitoes trapped in
dialog: tree sap-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: -means no basic genetic material to
dialog: work with.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: But even if you had these genes,
dialog: you couldn‘t-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Among the people on the board of
dialog: this aviary, funded through a trust
dialog: I set up before my legal
dialog: difficulties began, are some of the
dialog: finest genetic scientists in the
dialog: world. People who would be happy
dialog: to risk implementing my plan- if a
dialog: source of the vital DNA could be
dialog: @
dialog: located.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Something tells me you've found
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: I didn't find it, I left it behind.
dialog: A former employee of mine, a Mr.
dialog: Nedry-
scene_heading: INT. JURASSIC PARK LABORATORY - FLASHBACK
text: We see NEDRY opening a safety vault disguised as an AEROSOL
text: CAN and sticking pilfered tubes of dinosaur embryo into it-
dialog: 2
dialog: e
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND (V.C.)
dialog: -at the behest of one of m, more
dialog: unscrupulous competitors, conspired
dialog: to steal a large quantity of
dialog: genetic material, enough to
dialog: engender at least forty species,
dialog: from our laboratory at the Park.
dialog: It was his misfortune, however-
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - ISLA NUBLAR - RAINY NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Nedry’s vehicle slides out of control in the torrential
text: downpour, leaving the road and coming to rest, stuck in the
dialog: muck-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND (V.O.)
dialog: -to attempt this clandestine
dialog: transaction during a- a period a
text: severe technical malfunction at the
dialog: facility.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Nedry faces off with a large, curious Chlamydosaurus Sputori
text: (‘spitting frilled lizard’ or ‘Spitter’). Its FRILLS pop up
text: and it HAWKS a throatful of nasty black stuff into Nedry’s
dialog: face-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND (V.O.)
dialog: We were forced to abandon the
dialog: island before his exact fate-
text: Nedry runs back into his vehicle, but the SPITTER leaps in
text: after him. Thrashing, BLOOD-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND (V.O.)
dialog: -or that of the material he had
dialog: stolen could be determined.
text: We PAN to the abandoned aerosol can, swept away by a rivulet
text: of rainwater and quickly covered with muck-
scene_heading: EXT. AVIARY - DAY - PRESENT
text: SONGBIRDS flit about in the branches all around them as they
text: approach the rustic-built SNACK BAR-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: But the people who took over the
dialog: island-
dialog: ‘e
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Grendel International. If they had
dialog: found it they wouldn’t be
dialog: constantly pressuring me to reveal
dialog: its whereabouts. I have good
dialog: reason to believe they might be the
dialog: people who engaged Nedry in his
dialog: betrayal.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why would they want dinosaur genes?
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: I shudder to think.
text: Hammond looks over the menu hanging above the snack bar
dialog: counter-—
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Major Overton tells me you're an
dialog: expert in covert operations.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I was trained as a Navy Seal. I've
dialog: been involved in- missions, in and
text: out of uniform.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: We know the sector Nedry was in
text: when he disappeared. The stolen
text: material seems to have been hidden
text: in an aerosol can of some sort-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Deodorant.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Given the state of Nedry’s personal
dialog: hygiene, I doubt it. We can
dialog: provide you with a map-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: There aren't any dinosaurs left on
dialog: the island?
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Grendel International claim to have-
dialog: restored equilibrium. They
dialog: maintain a small security force
dialog: there to discourage trespassers-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So I go there and I steal this-
dialog: 17.
dialog: e
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: Reclaim-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I bring this can of DNA back to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: COHN HAMMOND
dialog: Captain Overton will be your
dialog: contact.
text: Hammond scribbles a number on a snack bar order pad, flashes
dialog: it to Nick, all the time wary of the approaching nurse. We
dialog: see lots of zeros-
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: You will be amply rewarded for your
dialog: risk, of course, with a generous
dialog: bonus if you succeed. So?
text: Nick considers, nods, resigned-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’ve done worse for less.
speaker_heading: JOHN HAMMOND
dialog: (beaming) Excellent! Now- would
dialog: you care for a sundae?
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA NUBLAR - DAY
text: We start with an AERIAL SHOT of Isla Nublar in the distance
text: across the water, then TILT DOWN to see a small local FISHING
speaker_heading: BOAT in the FG-
speaker_heading: FISHING BOAT
text: Overton is there, checking a GPS instrument, as the boat's
text: owner, RAMIREZ, deals with a NET thrown over the side facing
dialog: the island-
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: This is the legal limit. There’s a
dialog: couple patrol boats we'll hear from
dialog: if we drift any closer.
text: We PAN to see Nick, sitting on the deck beside the cabin
text: (which blocks him from view from the island) and pulling on
text: the last of his black SCUBA GEAR-
dialog: e
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Give me ten minutes and then pull
dialog: cut. You sure about this pilot?
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: They're used to seeing his plane
dialog: around the coast. Eco-tours.
text: Nick nods and pushes a camouflaged RAFT full of supplies
text: overboard, clipping a nylon line attached to it to the back
text: of his belt. Ramirez comes over to watch as Nick lowers his
text: mask and sits backwards en the gunwale-
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Buena suerte, Senor.
text: Nick nods, falls backward into the water and disappears.
text: They watch the raft begin to pull away. Ramirez crosses
dialog: himself-
speaker_heading: RAMIREZ
dialog: Que Dios le proteja.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - ISLA NUBLAR
text: The BEACH looks inviting- gentle waves, strip of white sand,
text: a fringe of palm trees, little CRABS scuttling among the
text: fallen coconuts. Suddenly Nick sits up in the surf, quickly
text: pulling off his flippers and mask and hustling across the
text: sand to the shelter of the palms, dragging the supply raft
dialog: behind him-
speaker_heading: PALMS
text: Very precise, very Mission Impossible, Nick strips off the
text: wet suit, opens the raft supply compartment. Boots on,
text: backpack, GPS UNIT and LAMINATED MAP on a lanyard over his
text: neck, then the weapons- automatic combat SHOTGUN, small PACK
text: RIFLE with silencer, .50-caliber PISTOL in one holster and
dialog: cell phone in the other-
text: Nick crouches, sticks a HOMING DEVICE, as yet unarmed, into
text: the sand at the edge of the tree-line. He trots off into the
dialog: jungle-
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - PATH - DAY
text: Nick moves quickly down an extremely overgrown PATHWAY,
text: passing oddly-canted LAMP POSTS and torn, rusted sections of
text: metal FENCING.
dialog: 20.
text: This used to be the tourist track through the park. He stops
text: abruptly, listens- the usual Tarzan-movie JUNGLE SOUNDS,
text: nothing you couldn’t hear on vacation. He checks his GPS,
text: then trots away.
text: We HOLD, then TILT UP the nearby LAMP POST to see a
text: SURVEILLANCE CAMERA mounted near the top, swivelling to
dialog: follow Nick's movement-
speaker_heading: JUNGLE
text: We shoot from GROUND LEVEL as Nick approaches from some
text: distance, vaulting over a HOLE at the base of a gnarly-rooted
dialog: tree.
text: We HOLD on the hole for a moment. A large, black, four-
text: fingered REPTILE HAND emerges, CLAWS gripping the earth!
speaker_heading: CLEARING
text: Nick is off the pathway now, moving through thick jungle till
text: he reaches a small CLEARING. He checks his map and GPS. He
text: sees something, climbs a slight rise, pushes away some tall
text: weeds. An abandoned, rusted-out 4-wheel-drive VEHICLE. Nick
text: yanks a torn flap of canvas away to reveal-
text: Nedry’s SKELETON! Bony fingers still clutching the steering
text: wheel. A SMALL LIZARD scuttles out through one of the eye
text: sockets in the SKULL-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (regarding skeleton) Looks like
dialog: you've dropped a few pounds.
text: He rapidly searches the interior of the vehicle- seats,
text: floor, glove compartment- nothing but a FLASHLIGHT and a lot
text: of old CANDY WRAPPERS. He steps away, surveying the ground
dialog: around him-
speaker_heading: BACKPACK
text: The backpack thumps to the ground. Nick upzips it and pulls
text: out pieces of a disassembled METAL DETECTOR. An ANIMAL
text: SCREAM from back in the trees- Nick listens. Quiet again.
text: He glances at his watch, begins to assemble the metal
dialog: detector-
speaker_heading: GROUND - LATER
text: We see the metal detector disc sweeping over the ground-
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Nick, T-shirt soaked through with sweat, has set up a GRID
text: with wooden stakes and string. He is working a section
text: several yards down from the vehicle, at the edge of a shallow
text: little STREAM. He pauses, wipes sweat off his forehead. On
text: a whim he reaches the detector arm over the string and passes
text: the disc over a little mud-bar in the center of the stream.
text: The machine CRACKLES.
text: Nick drops the detector and jumps into the stream, digging
text: furiously at the mud-bar with his hands. He stops, feeling
text: something, then pulls up-
text: -a muck-covered BARBASOL CAN!
text: Nick kneels, washes the can off in the stream, then pulls out
text: his cell phone and punches a number-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yo. Objective secured. Proceed
dialog: with extraction. I‘ll fire up the
dialog: homer.
text: He pulls a REMOTE CONTROL from his vest, pushes in a red
dialog: button-
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - HOMING DEVICE
text: A BLINKING RED LIGHT flicks on, the device BEEPING softly-
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Nick moves quickly but cautiously through thick jungle,
text: passing by a few of the big ROOT-HOLES. He slows, frowning,
dialog: listening-
text: A RUSTLE behind him.
text: A SNAP to the side.
text: He starts up again, very slowly. Again the RUSTLE in the
text: brush around him. Him brings the shotgun up, crouching-
speaker_heading: JEFE (0.S.)
dialog: !Bajelo!
text: Nick freezes, turns his head-
dialog: 22.
dialog: 4
text: @ Out of the trees all arounij him appear a squad of six
text: SECURITY RANGERS in camo uniforms, armed with short-barrelled
text: AUTOMATIC RIFLES. The JEFE waves his rifle at Nick-
speaker_heading: JEFE
dialog: Deje caer las armas y pdéngase al
dialog: suelo.
speaker_heading: SEGUNDO
dialog: He wants you to drop your weapons
text: and lie on the ground.
speaker_heading: JEFE
dialog: No tenga miedo, nomads queremos la
dialog: lata.
speaker_heading: SEGUNDO
dialog: Don’t be afraid. We only want the
dialog: can. Your escopeta, por favor, put
text: it on the ground.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick takes a deep breath, calculating, looks around at the
text: men surrounding him. He sees something-
dialog: ‘e
speaker_heading: SEGUNDO
dialog: Is very good we find you before the
dialog: dinosaurs do.
speaker_heading: RANGERS, NICK
text: We shoot from behind the Jefe and Segundo toward Nick-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I was told there aren’t any left on
dialog: the island.
speaker_heading: SEGUNDO
dialog: (smiles) Oh, there’s a few-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Like the one standing behind you?
speaker_heading: SEGUNDO
text: e@ We shoot the Segundo in profile as he LAUGHS-
dialog: ww
dialog: e
dialog: ©
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SEGUNDO
dialog: That won't work my friend. The
dialog: ones left here only come out in the
dialog: night-
text: CHOMP! A RAPTCR’s head lunges into the shot, jaws clamping
text: on Segundo's neck and shoulder! He SCREAMS-—
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Another RAPTOR pops up from the hole next to the Jefe. The
text: Rangers start to FIRE their weapons, as ANOTHER and ANOTHER
text: and ANOTHER jet-black, ruby-eyed EXCAVARAPTORS (‘digging
text: killers’ or just DIGGERS) pop up from the holes- the men have
text: been standing in the middle of a colony of them!
text: (These creatures are bow-legged, with huge, mole-like DIGGING
text: CLAWS at the ends of their powerful forelimbs.)
text: Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap! The Rangers have their rifles
text: on spray and pray as they panic and scatter, the Jefe pinned
text: under one of the beasts’ powerful legs!
text: Nick darts past the Segundo as the DIGGER lifts the man off
text: his feet and shakes him. AUTOMATIC GUNFIRE rips into the
text: trees around Nick as he dodges through the thick undergrowth,
text: a pair of the monsters pursuing him-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick zigzags between tree trunks, hurdles roots and fallen
text: logs while the bigger DIGGERS crash straight through, slowed
text: by the foliage. We hear SCREAMS and GUNFIRE from behind,
text: growing more distant. Nick gets hung up on a prickler vine
text: for a moment, the lead DIGGER gaining-
text: Nick twists and BLAM! BLAM! blasts the creature in the face
text: and neck as it rushes in for the kill!
text: The digger staggers, falls to one knee as Nick tears free and
text: sprints away. We HOLD as the second raptor reaches its
text: wounded comrade, pauses, ROARS and then continues the chase-
speaker_heading: CLEARING
text: Nick staggers, bleeding from the pricker vine, into an
text: overgrown CLEARING. He leans his back against the grill of
text: an abandoned SERVICE VEHICLE, faded ‘Jurassic Park’ logo on
text: its side. He catches his breath, listening, quickly
text: reloading his shotgun—
dialog: ‘e
dialog: ©@
dialog: 24.
text: A pointy little lizard-face pops up behind him, looking out
text: through the shattered windshield of the vehicle.
scene_heading: COMPSOGNATHUS.
scene_heading: It is joined by ANOTHER, and ANOTHER and SEVERAL MORE. Ccne
text: SQUEAKS. Nick stiffens, then whirls-
text: BLAM! he FIRES just as a dozen of the little carnivores
text: stream out of the window at him, the ones that aren’t blown
text: back into the vehicle by the blast leaping onto his face,
text: shoulders, chest, arms, SQUEAKING excitedly! Nick spins,
text: swatting and snatching, compys flying off him, then sprints
text: for the nearby BUILDING.
text: We HOLD on his abandoned SHOTGUN lying on the ground-
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING
text: We shoot through a half-broken WINDOW as Nick sprints toward
text: us, a dozen COMPYS in pursuit. He picks up speed, dives,
text: folding his arms over his head- CRASH! Shards of glass go
text: flying as he dives through the window, does a forward roll,
text: twists and comes up on one knee pulling his PISTOL from his
text: holster in one motion- POP! POP! POP! POP! He picks off
text: the compys one by one as they jump onto the windowsill!
text: The rest of them seem to take the hint. Nick lowers his bead
text: on the window opening, looks around-
text: We are in a dusty STAFF BARRACKS- a half-dozen BUNK BEDS,
text: frames draped with COBWEBS along the walls, footlockers, an
text: old boombox, a coffeemaker in one corner by a row of standing
text: lockers. Simple but not spartan.
text: A POSTER of a TYRRANOSAURUS is starting to curl on the wall.
text: Someone has drawn a knife and a fork in its front claws, and
text: written in a cartoon balloon above its head- “Pass the
dialog: tourists, please.”
text: Nick pulls the laminated map off his neck, studies it-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (reading) Staff Quarters One, Two
dialog: and Three--- utility tunnel-
speaker_heading: ECU MAP
text: We FOLLOW Nick's FINGER over the detailed diagram of the old
text: Park, DOTTED LINES indicating a utility tunnel that leads
text: from the staff barracks to a power station near the south
dialog: fence-
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: NICK (0.S.)
dialog: -leads to the power station-
speaker_heading: NICK
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -which is only two hundred yards
text: from the beach.
text: Nick looks around, steps over to a HATCH in one corner of the
text: room. He bends, grabs the handle, pistol ready in his other
text: hand, then yanks the hatch cover open!
text: Nothing jumps out at him.
text: Nick looks down into the BLACKNESS. He un-velcros a small
text: but powerful FLASHLIGHT from his belt, shines it down the
dialog: hatch-
speaker_heading: POV - HATCH
text: We see a rusted metal LADDER leading down, a cement floor-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick considers the tunnel, looks back to the window-
text: Three compys stand ready on the windowsill, watching-
text: Nick whips his pistol around but they jump away before he can
dialog: fire-
text: He looks back into the dark tunnel below-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No way, José.
text: He looks around, sees--
text: A CEILING HATCH over one of the bunk beds.
text: Nick crosses, makes a face as he swipes away thick sheets of
text: COBWEB, climbs onto the top bunk, reaches up. The EYEHOOK
text: and LATCH have rusted stuck together, they won't budge. Nick
text: takes the butt of his pistol, gives it a hard rap-
text: The hatch falls open and the top half of a half-eaten DEAD
text: MAN drops through!
dialog: ®
dialog: @
dialog: 26.
text: Nick SHOUTS in surprise, leaping backwards off the bed and
text: sprawling onto the flcor, whipping his pistol up ready to
dialog: shoot-
text: The BODY is a Security Fanger who has been gnawed on pretty
dialog: bad, maybe a week old.
text: Nick lowers his pistol, breathes deeply, trying to get his
dialog: heartbeat under control-
text: WHAM! The DIGGER crashes through the front door and tumbles
text: across the room, sliding on the floor and knocking the
text: coffeemaker and standing lockers down on top of itself!
text: Nick is trapped in the corner. The digger scrambles to its
text: feet, ROARS, lunges- Nick pulls the bunk bed down over
text: himself as a shield, crouching-
text: THOONK! the raptor’s leg goes right through the deteriorated
text: mattress and springs, claws just missing Nick‘s throat. He
text: scrambles out as the beast writhes to free itself, makes it
text: to the tunnel hatch and starts down the ladder, grabbing the
text: handle on the underside of the cover-
scene_heading: LADDER, NICK'S FEET
text: CRACK! The rusted metal rungs give way, snapping, Nick
text: falling but able to yank the hatch cover-
text: THUNK! THUMP! Nick hits the tunnel floor and the hatch
text: cover falls shut, throwing us into BLACKNESS.
text: CRANG! Raptor CLAWS punch through the hatch cover, then yank
text: away, tearing away the thin metal! Three stripes *f DAYLIGHT
text: appear to illuminate Nick below, getting to his feet. CRANG!
text: the raptor tears at the hatch cover again. Nick flicks the
text: flashlight back on, trots into the dark, high-ceilinged
dialog: tunnel ahead-
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND COAST - SKY
text: We see through the palms to a small PONTOON PLANE approaching
dialog: over the sea-
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - CONTROL PANEL, HOMING SCREEN
text: A jerry-rigged HOMING SCREEN clipped to the control panel has
text: a BLINKING RED LIGHT lined up with the central cross hairs-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: REVERSE - PILOT
text: The pilot, a hippie-looking character in a Deadhead shirt
text: named DARWIN, scans the beach-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: You're sposed to be here, dude.
speaker_heading: BEACH
text: We watch as the plane slows and comes in for a water landing,
text: TRACKING to meet it as it taxis up to the surfline.
text: Darwin cuts the engine, hops out and into the water,
text: wrestling the little plane around so it is pointing out to
text: sea, MUTTERING all the while-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: This gig is gnarly enough without
dialog: being late, man. Security guards,
text: spy gear, probly some kind of
text: psychosauruses still running around
dialog: the island-
text: He runs a line from a U-bolt under the tail assembly to a
text: thick ROOT sticking up from a half-buried DRIFTWOOD STUMP,
text: glancing at his watch-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: I give you ten minutes and then I'm
dialog: history.
scene_heading: INT. UTILITY TUNNEL
text: Nick is trotting along the utility tunnel, pipes and wires
text: overhead. So far, so good. He stops at a FORK in the
text: tunnel, shines the light on his map-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: There's no fork on the damn map-
text: HRRRRRRRRRONK! The ROAR of the digger ECHOES down the tunnel
text: behind him. No time for eenie meenie minie moe. Nick runs
text: xright- CRUNCH! CRUNCH! CRUNCH! Something underfoot- Nick
text: swings the light down-
text: EGGSHELLS. Big ones. Dozens of them, all over the floor-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Terrific. It’s the nursery-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 28.
text: HRRRRRONK! Another echoing ROAR sends Nick running again.
text: We HOLD and watch him trot away. Something, in SILHOUETTE,
text: drops from the pipes above and FOLLOWS!
scene_heading: LOW-ANGLE - NICK
text: Trotting past us. As his light FADES a pair of yellow
text: REPTILE EYES right in front of us POP OPEN!
speaker_heading: NICK
text: We TRACK BEHIND Nick as he rushes along. Up ahead we can see
text: a single SHAFT of SUNLIGHT angling down- the light at the end
text: of the tunnel. Closer, closer- Nick points the flashlight
dialog: beam ahead to see-
text: Three SPITTERS standing between him and the exit ladder!
text: The one closest HISSES, its frilled MANTLE popping up in
text: display. Nick whirls around, shines the light-
text: Here come four more spitters and behind them HRRRRRONK! the
dialog: digger closing in!
text: Nick turns- POP! POP! POP! POP! The spitters back up a
text: bit but don’t run as Nick opens FIRE on them. He clenches
text: the pistol in his mouth, jumps- and grabs onto the pipes
text: above, swinging forward hand-to-hand, bringing his knees up
text: to his chest as the spitters jump and snap beneath him, teeth
dialog: just inches away!
text: One of the spitters scrambles up the exit ladder ahead, turns-
text: BLAM! BLAM! Nick FIRES, hanging by one arm for a moment.
text: The spitter falls and Nick drops the pistol, swings forward
text: and hooks the top of the ladder with a foot-
scene_heading: EXT. PARK GROUNDS - BACK FENCE
text: Nick crawls out of the tunnel opening, runs. A spitter pops
text: up right behind him, looks around- then is YANKED back into
dialog: the hatchway by its tail!
text: SNARLING, CHOMPING NOISES, then the DIGGER powers its way out
text: of the opening, sniffs once, and heads after Nick-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: FENCE
text: Nick looks at the twelve-foot-high fence above him, back at
text: the charging raptor. He slips his backpack off, tries to
text: squeeze through a very narrow OPENING that some short animal
text: has torn at the base of the fence. He gets hung up, squirms-
text: and slips through just as WHAM! the digger smashes into the
text: fence headfirst trying to grab him!
text: Nick springs to his feet, sees that the backpack is just on
text: the far side of the fence, the BARBASOL CAN visible in a
text: webbing pocket. The digger starts to DIG furiously at the
text: base of the fence, huge clods of dirt flying behind him.
text: Nick runs parallel to the fence, SLAPPING it with his hand-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Come on you stupid lizard, come and
dialog: get me! Come on, knucklehead!
text: The raptor leaves his digging and begins to run parallel on
text: the other side, catching up with Nick-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That's it, Einstein, follow the
dialog: nice man- thattabo-
text: Nick puts on the brakes as he sees ahead-
text: Twenty yards further down a whole section of fence has fallen-
text: The raptor sees it too.
text: They look at each other-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: See you on the beach.
text: Nick sprints back toward the original hole and his backpack.
text: The raptor takes a step after him, thinks, then turns to race
dialog: for the open section-
scene_heading: FENCE, BACKPACK
text: Nick races back, thrusts his arm through the hole and grabs
text: the backpack, yanks it through and runs for the trees,
text: pulling the Barbasol can free and discarding the backpack-
speaker_heading: BEACH
text: Darwin is looking at his watch-
dialog: ®
speaker_heading: CS
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: Well, you're just in time to be too
dialog: late, my man. I’m outta here-
speaker_heading: NICK (0.S.)
dialog: Hey!
text: We PAN with Darwin's look to see Nick break out of the
text: treeline onto the sand a couple hundred yards away, sprinting
dialog: toward him-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Start it up!
text: Darwin hurries out onto a pontoon and climbs into the cockpit-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: No problem, dude.
text: He hits the ignition and the engine COUGHS into action, the
text: PROP spinning, picking up revs-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: Lift anchor and we're airborne-
speaker_heading: HRRRRRONK!
text: He swivels to see the DIGGER bust out of the trees, not more
dialog: than thirty yards away!
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick pulls up short, the monster between him and the plane.
text: He makes a beeline for the water, calling out-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Taxi out, I‘ll swim to you!
speaker_heading: DIGGER
text: The raptor takes a look at Nick, already splashing into the
text: surf, then at the big, noisy thing at the water’s edge. It
text: chooses the easier prey, charging toward the plane, BELLOWING-
speaker_heading: PLANE, DARWIN
text: Darwin panics, jams the throttle forward-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhgh!
dialog: e
text: The plane blasts forward, but the tide has risen and there’s
text: a lot of slack in the line from the tail-
speaker_heading: DRIFTWCOD STUMP
text: CRACK! The line snaps taut and YANKS the root it was tied to
dialog: clear off from the stump!
speaker_heading: PLANE
text: The plane picks up speed, the big driftwood root skittering
dialog: in its wake-
scene_heading: CLOSER - DRIFTWOOD ROOT
text: The wood skips and splashes on the surface like a dropped
text: water-skiing handle. Just as it hops past the camera there
text: is a sudden RISING in the water beside us- was that the crown
text: of an enormous wedge-shaped REPTILE HEAD or were we just
dialog: seeing things?
text: We PAN to see as the plane lifts off-
speaker_heading: DIGGER
text: Thigh deep in the surf, it BELLOWS in frustration as the
text: plane buzzes away-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick is swimming out to sea for all he’s worth. He looks
dialog: back to shore- unless that thing can do the Australian crawl
text: he’s made it. He treads water, waves to the sky-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Come back! It’s all clear!
text: We PAN to the sky, and yes, the plane is banking, turning,
text: coming back and dropping toward the surface-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Easy, buddy, easy. No sweat now-—
speaker_heading: PLANE
text: The plane steadies, pontoons skimming the water’s surface-
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: DRIFTWOOD ROOT
text: The hunk of wood skittering along again, till-
text: WHOOSH! CHOMP! A KRONOSAURUS, gigantic sea-monster that it
text: is, shoots its eight-foot-long head up and snatches the
text: trolling bait in its powerful jaws!
text: CRACK! The line snaps taut and RIPS the whole tail section
dialog: of the plane off!
speaker_heading: COCKPIT, DARWIN
text: Darwin instinctively yanks back on the joystick, trying to
dialog: pull up-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: Whooooooah!
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick watches, shocked, as the plane pulls up but can’t hold
text: its yaw with the tail gone. It spirals, heading back
text: straight at Nick, arcing toward the water- closer, closer-
text: Nick takes a breath and goes UNDER-
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - NICK
text: Nick tries to get deeper as the shape of the plane passes
text: close overhead and we hear a MUFFLED, WATERY CRASH!
speaker_heading: SURFACE
text: Nick pops back up to the surface, looks around- we PAN to see
text: the plane sitting sideways in the water fifty yards away,
text: chunks of wing torn off and already floating. It settles
text: upside-down, the pontoons still on the surface keeping it
text: afloat.
text: A beat.
text: Darwin comes up sputtering, hauls himself onto one of the
text: pontoons, and sits gasping for breath. He sees Nick swimming
text: toward him, calls-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: Hey, man, what happened?
dialog: 2
dialog: 
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (swimming, calls) I just saw your
text: tail section come off.
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: (shakes his head) It never did
dialog: that before. You got a phone?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah. A wet one.
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: (sees) Hey- those security dudes
dialog: don’t have like a- a submarine, do
dialog: they?
dialog: We PAN with his GAZE--
text: Something big and long is moving fast, just under the water‘s
text: surface, straight at Darwin on the wrecked plane!
speaker_heading: DARWIN
text: Darwin is standing now, backing his toes away from the water-
speaker_heading: DARWIN
dialog: Cause unless that’s Flipper, I'm-
text: WHOOSH! SNAP! SPLASH! The KRONOSAURUS breaks surface,
text: snatches Darwin in its jaws, half its enormous body clearing
text: water, then SMACKING down into the water and diving, a huge
text: SERRATED FLUKE slapping the surface as it disappears!
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick is stunned for a second, then looks to the shore-
text: The DIGGER is stalking the beach, watching him. Can‘t go
dialog: back there-
text: Nick begins to swim parallel to the shore, looking around for
text: signs of the sea monster. He hears the CHOP of a HELICOPTER,
dialog: looks up-
speaker_heading: POV - HELICOPTER
text: A gunship-style HELICOPTER is racing across the water toward
text: him, flying low over the water, a RESCUE LADDER already being
dialog: lowered-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: ‘eo
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick begins to swim toward it-
speaker_heading: AERIAL SHOT
text: We look from above at Nick swimming, then TILT to see the
text: KRONOSAURUS’s back and forehead break water as it surfaces to
dialog: swim after him-
speaker_heading: SURFACE
text: On the first pass the ladder swings just out of Nick’s reach,
text: going too fast. He sees the Kronosaurus now, raising its
text: head as it streaks toward him, opening its jaws—
text: The helicopter banks and hovers- Nick grabs the ladder! He
text: pulls himself up a few feet, shouts to the rescuers above him-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Take it up! Take it up!
speaker_heading: KRONOSAURUS
text: We ride the back of the Kronosaurus as it powers toward Nick,
text: who is still dangling temptingly only a few feet above the
text: water's surface. We look over its massive, barnacled, horned
text: head as it lunges up- SNAP! just missing the bottom of the
text: ladder as the helicopter suddenly shoots up into the air!
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER
text: We shoot out the side bay, seeing the Kronosaurus and Isla
text: Nublar receding in the distance. Strong arms appear to drag
text: Nick in. He lies back on the floor, chest heaving-—
text: The man who leans over in his face is wearing the same
text: Grendel Corporation Security Ranger UNIFORM as the men on the
dialog: island-
speaker_heading: NANDO
dialog: I hope you haven't forgotten our
dialog: can, Mr. Harris.
text: Nick raises his head slightly, taps his ear as if he can’t
dialog: hear-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: ©
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sorry, can’t hear you! The
dialog: helicopter noi-
text: WHAP! Nando smashes him flush in the face. LIGHTS OUT.
scene_heading: DARKNESS.
dialog: Silence.
text: Then, slowly, the sound of the HELICOPTER FADES back UP, as
dialog: well as the LIGHT-
text: Nick is lying on the floor still, BLOOD on his face. He
text: opens his eyes slowly, blinks-
text: He sees the BARBASOL CAN lying on Nando’s lap just an arm’s
text: reach away. Nando is busy joking in Spanish with the pilot-
text: Nick swivels his eyes-
text: He can see below out the side bay. They are cruising fairly
text: low over the water, parallel to a thickly populated BEACH.
text: Lots of SWIMMERS in the water-
text: Nick checks to see that his hands and legs are free, gathers
dialog: his strength-
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH
text: Overton stands among the beach blankets, running kids and
text: sunbathers, watching the horizon, worried. A LITTLE BOY
text: approaches, selling SHARK-TOOTH NECKLACES-
speaker_heading: CHICO
dialog: Sefior- équiere comprar un collar?
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: éHas visto un avidn?
text: We hear the HELICOPTER approaching. Chico points up to it-
speaker_heading: CHICO
dialog: Aqui esta-
text: Overton mimes a plane’s wings with his arms-
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: No- un avién con alas-
dialog: 
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER
text: Nick takes a couple deep breaths, then lunges, grabbing the
dialog: aerosol can from Nando and rolling-
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER
dialog: -out the open bay!
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH
text: A GASP from the spectators on the beach as the man falls out
text: of the helicopter and into the water forty feet below, then
text: APPLAUSE as he pops up to the surface and swims rapidly
text: toward shore. They think it’s a stunt. The helicopter banks
text: over the water and heads back to cut him off-
text: Overton walks toward the shore, unsteady on the sand-
text: Nick stands, struggling to get out of the water, hits the
text: beach running through the delighted beach crowd till WHOOOOM!
text: the chopper swoops down at him from behind, struts narrowly
text: missing his head as he dives for the ground, rotors BLASTING
dialog: SAND at the now terrified people!
text: Nick is up running again, aerosol can in hand, shouting to
text: Overton as he sprints past him-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ask for a cold one at Rodrigo’s!
text: Overton turns and watches Nick duck into the cover of the
text: lunch palapas and fried-everything stands at the back edge of
text: the beach, the buildings of the resort town rising behind
text: them. The HELICOPTER hovers above, turning this way and that
text: like an indecisive hummingbird-
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY
text: HELICOPTER SOUND from above as Nick hustles down a BACK
text: ALLEY, hugging the wall to stay out of sight from the sky.
text: He darts across the alley and in through the BACK DOOR of a
speaker_heading: CAFE-
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - RODRIGO‘S
text: An OLD MAN sits at a small table shucking OYSTERS. He barely
text: locks up as Nick enters, crosses to check out the action in
text: the bar, then turns to look around the kitchen-
speaker_heading: COOLER
text: An ancient Coca Cola COOLER buzzes in one corner. Nick moves
text: to it, lifts the lid, and sets the BARBASOL CAN in the midst
text: of dozens of BOTTLES OF BEER. He turns to the Old Man-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Voy a enviar alguien para
dialog: recuperarlo.
dialog: (I‘ll send somebody to get this.)
text: The Old Man shrugs and keeps on shucking. Nick looks up as
scene_heading: the HELICOPTER SOUND grows LOUDER-
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LATE DAY
text: A VENDOR pushes his cart down a back street, hawking
dialog: popsicles-
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Paletas! Muy frescos, muy ricos!
dialog: Aqui tengo las paletas!
text: He passes and we see Nick, looking pretty beat up, standing
text: back in a doorway. He is checking out the little HOTEL
text: DELPHiN across the street as he speaks softly on a CELL PHONE-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Just do what we agreed on before.
dialog: I'll contact you when I’m in the
text: clear.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - RODRIGO’S BAR
text: Overton stands at the pay phone across the street from a bar
text: called RODRIGO’S. Beyond him we see THUGS wearing sunglasses
text: cruising up and down the street, on the lookout for Nick-
speaker_heading: OVERTON
dialog: It's very hot right now. Keep your
text: head down.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Nick on his cell phone-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I‘1ll do my best.
text: Nick clicks the cell phone off, pockets it. He considers the
text: hotel, decides it is worth a try, limps across toward it-
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY
text: The DESK CLERK is reading a comic book. He doesn’t look up
dialog: when Nick limps in-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Joven- éha sido alguien buscaéndome?
dialog: éEsperdndome en el cuarto?
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: No, Mr. Harris- nobody been lookin
dialog: for you.
text: Nick considers, reaches to take his key from its cubbyhole-
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
text: Nick limps towards us down the corridor. He turns the key,
text: opens the door-- Nando stands there with a different aerosol
text: can in his hand, pointed at Nick’s face. Nick is too
dialog: exhausted to run-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's that supposed to be?
speaker_heading: SSSSSSST!
text: Nando hits the button and sprays Nick in the face. LIGHTS
text: OUT again.
scene_heading: DARKNESS.
dialog: Silence
text: But this time as the LIGHT begins to FADE UP it is with the
text: sound of YODELLING-
dialog: 
dialog: @
dialog: e
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER BEDROOM - NICK - EVENING
text: Nick wakes in a cozy-looking bed in a round, stone-walled
text: room. He looks around, confused- yodelling?
text: He sits up, barefoot, wearing clean pants and a T-shirt. He
text: stands, steadies himself, a little woozy- then crosses
text: immediately to the thick oaken DOOR, tries it-- locked.
text: He crosses to the opposite side of the room and sticks his
text: head out a tall, rectangular OPENING-
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER - EVENING
text: We see Nick’s head pop out through the window of a STONE
text: TOWER at one corner of a MEDIEVAL CASTLE on a mountainside in
text: the SWISS ALPS. He looks right- on the opposite PARAPET are
text: two YODELERS in archaic lederhosen and plumed hats, giving
text: their tonsils a workout for a crowd of TOURISTS standing down
text: on the other side of the MOAT. The Yodelers finish, the
text: Tourists APPLAUD enthusiastically, and Nick ducks his head
dialog: back in-
scene_heading: INT. TOWER
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I‘m a prisoner in a theme park.
text: He looks around-- his suitcase is open on a stand, his jacket
text: hanging in an armoire. Heraldic BANNERS hang on the walls.
text: There is a TV SET and remote control. He picks up the
text: remote, flicks the set ON, begins to surf-
dialog: French-speaking channels, German-speaking channels, Spanish,
dialog: Italian- we're definitely in Europe here. He settles on a
text: channel playing a NATURE DOCUMENTARY about the dinosaur
text: pests, the NARRATOR with a plummy British accent-
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (TV)
dialog: Compsognathus rarely exceed a full-
dialog: grown pheasant in size-
speaker_heading: TV SCREEN
text: We see a trio of COMPYS making forays in to bite at a
text: cornered, hissing RACCOON-
dialog: @
dialog: ®
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (TV)
dialog: -but though diminutive are
dialog: extremely aggressive.
speaker_heading: NICK
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No kidding.
text: He flicks the TV OFF. A booming KNOCK at the door-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (calling) It’s locked!
text: A KEY fumbling, then the door opens to reveal a BUTLER
text: dressed in livery. He has a slight Swiss accent-
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: They are ready for you downstairs,
dialog: Mr. Harris.
text: The Butler steps away without closing the door. Nick
dialog: considers-
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL
text: Nick, fully-dressed now, comes down a STONE STAIRCASE that
dialog: Basil Rathbone should be swordfighting on, to see-
text: ADRIEN JOYCE, a man only slightly older than Nick and very
text: fit, swinging a HALBERD around in an elaborate martial-arts
text: display, thrusting, parrying, chopping, slicing-- thoroughly
text: enjoying himself till he sees that Nick has entered. He
text: freezes in a backswing, smiles-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: It’s not only for ceremony, you
dialog: know. The halberd. The Swiss
dialog: Guards who protect the Pope at the
dialog: Vatican could do a good deal of
dialog: damage with these- of course
dialog: they‘ve also got an automatic
dialog: pistol somewhere under those crazy
dialog: uniforms-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Maybe you should apply for a job.
text: Joyce crosses to hang the halberd over the enormous FIREPLACE-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I haven‘t seen you since, what- ?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Tegucigalpa. I helped get you
dialog: kicked out of the country.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: To be deported from Hondures- what
dialog: horror must I have perpetrated?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Selling guns to the wrong people,
dialog: as I recall.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: But they were the right people when
dialog: I began the transaction. The
dialog: political sands are ever-shifting-
text: He indicates the very huge GREAT HALL around them-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Something the Swiss understand
dialog: better than anyone. This castle
dialog: was built in the late fifteenth
dialog: century by a local warlord and self-
dialog: styled baron seeking to isolate
dialog: himself from the endless armed
dialog: conflicts of Europe, and, if
dialog: possible, to profit from them.
text: Joyce indicates a huge TAPESTRY hanging on the wall,
text: portraying a bloody battle with horses, lances, swords,
text: shields and plenty of dead foot soldiers littering the
dialog: battlefield-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: He hired men and trained them to
dialog: fight, selling- I should say
dialog: renting- their services to whomever
text: put cash on the barrelhead.
dialog: Security forces, invasions, sieges-
dialog: the Swiss mercenary was a force to
dialog: be reckoned with. My employer, the
dialog: current Baron von Drax, is
dialog: principal stockholder and CEO of
dialog: the Grendel International
dialog: Corporation.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You make a hell of a tour guide,
dialog: Joyce. What do you want with me?
speaker_heading: * JOYCE
dialog: You have something that belongs to
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I lost it in the ocean.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We'll match Hammond's offer.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I made my deal with him.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (concerned) But you haven't
dialog: delivered it, have you?
text: Nick makes a quick assessment of his situation-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It’s- it’s somewhere safe.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (smiles) I'm happy to hear that,
dialog: e Nick.
text: Joyce crosses to Nick-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I do apologize for the abrupt
dialog: nature of your transportation here,
dialog: but the sensitive nature of the
dialog: material in question-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Like that it’s illegal-
text: An edge of menace enters Joyce’s tone-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: There was some consideration given
dialog: to torturing the whereabouts out of
dialog: you. I suggested that, given your
dialog: history, this would be
dialog: counterproductive. (smiles)
dialog: Besides, we want you to work for
dialog: us.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY
text: ELECTRIC LAMPS on old torch sconces light the way as Joyce
text: leads Nick down a narrow passageway on another stone
speaker_heading: STAIRCASE-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Grendel plans to use the material
dialog: from Jurassic Park in much the same
dialog: way as that envisioned by yceur Mr.
dialog: Hammond-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The United Nations-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: When the infestation of creatures
text: begins to seriously inconvenience
dialog: the First World, the United Nations
dialog: will snap to attention. Previously
dialog: rejected solutions, drastic as they
dialog: may seem, will be reconsidered-
dialog: solutions we‘d be able to offer.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: For a price.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Naturally. And then there's a
dialog: related project, the one we hope
dialog: you'll become involved in-
text: Nick slows as he hears a massive POUNDING ahead, like a pile-
text: driver rhythmically destroying a paved parking lot-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Remodelling?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (smiles) That‘s what we tell the
dialog: tourists.
text: He unlatches a DUNGEON DOOR in front of them, and they step
dialog: into-
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON
text: They stand on the entry PLATFORM above a well-lit stone
text: DUNGEON, a few old CHAINS still bolted to the walls for
dialog: effect.
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: ?
dialog: 44.
text: Below them, nearly filling the room, is a heavily-plated
text: ANKYLOSAURUS, repeatedly thrashing the bowling-ball-sized
text: bone protuberance at the end of its massive tail as a cudgel,
text: knocking dents into the wall and sending rock-dust flying!
speaker_heading: NICK, JOYCE
text: Joyce tries to fit his words in between the rhythmic WHAM! of
text: the ankylosaurus's assault-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: A souvenir from our clean-up effort
dialog: on Isla Nubla. We raised it from
dialog: an egg-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: From an embryo, to be precise.
text: SHERMAN has appeared behind them. He is a young genetics
dialog: whiz and sorely lacking in ‘people skills‘-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Nick, this is our chief of Applied
dialog: Genetics, Sherman Fosdick-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
text: (plowing through) Like the embryos
dialog: you stole from us. (points to
dialog: ankylosaurus) Maybe we should put
dialog: him down with her for awhile-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Be polite, Sherman. We haven't
dialog: even had dinner yet.
text: Joyce leads Nick away, whispering as they go-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Too much Dungeons and Dragons, not
text: enough socializing with the other
dialog: children-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why bother having that thing if
dialog: you're going to keep it shut up in
dialog: a dungeon?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh- one never knows when an
dialog: ankylosaurus might come in handy.
text: They have reached another metal-reinforced door. This one,
text: however, opens with a swipe of Joyce's ID card-
dialog: ‘oe
dialog: (e@
dialog: (@
dialog: re
dialog: a
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Come see the new wing-
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY CHAMBER
text: Nick and Joyce step into something out of a James Bond movie~-
text: a CAVERN hollowed out in the core of the mountain beneath the
text: castle, metal stairs leading down into a maze of brightly-lit
dialog: biological-testing LABS-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: The castle sits on an enormous
text: cavern in the mountain. The
dialog: original Baron kept his wine down
dialog: here. We've expanded a bit-
text: They start down the stairs-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The corporation paid for all this?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We have several products that are
dialog: doing very well at the moment- an
dialog: insect-resistant rye grain, super-
dialog: strains of hops and barley- and of
dialog: course we were the first in Europe
dialog: to market pre-sliced cheese. Dairy
dialog: is very important here in
dialog: Switzerland-
scene_heading: RRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAARGH !
text: A chilling ROAR echoes throughout the chamber—
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: One of your cows?
scene_heading: INT. RAPTOR ENCLOSURE - X-1 (SPARTACUS)
text: An 8ft-tall DEINONYCHUS trots in circles, slams itself
text: against the I-beams that enclose it, ROARS, and generally
text: throws a fit in a bull-ring-sized ENCLOSURE. Spray-painted
text: in day-glo orange on its side is ‘X-1', and attached to one
text: side of its head, just above the ear-hole, is a REGULATOR BOX
dialog: about the size of a cell phone-
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. CBSERVATION ROOM
text: A woman in a lab coat with the ubiquitous Grendel
text: International logo on the pocket stands watching the beast
text: and writing on a CHART. This is MAYA LUNDBERG. Several TV
text: SCREENS are mounted on the wall above her, providing various
text: angles of the beast’s activity, while the panel in front of
text: her sports a half-dozen VITAL FUNCTION MONITORS of the EEG,
text: MRI and heart-rate sort. She dcesn’'t look up from her work-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: This is X-1, our alpha male- not in
text: the best of moods at the moment.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: If you keep them in captivity
dialog: you‘ve got to accept a certain
dialog: amount of neurotic behavior.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Training, not captivity, please-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Whatever-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Maya Lundberg, our head of
dialog: Behavioral Modification. Meet Mr.
dialog: Harris-
text: This gets Maya’s attention. She turns to check Nick out-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: The trespasser?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (to Nick) We all followed your
dialog: progress on the island. Sort of
dialog: like an episode of Survivor-
text: Nick steps up to the window and looks in at the raging beast-—
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So this is what, like a mid-sized
dialog: Tyrranosaurus?
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: Deinonychus. ‘Terrible claw’ in
dialog: Latin.
dialog: ‘6
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (rejoining them) Deinonychus
dialog: draxi. It‘s a sub-species.
text: Sherman checks a timer, looks at the panel instruments-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Wow- look at that adrenaline-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (concerned and annoyed) Would you
dialog: shut him down? He’s going to hurt
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
text: X-1 is too cagey to hurt himself,
dialog: no matter how much we pump him up-
text: Sherman steps up to a RADIO TRANSMITTER, punches the timer,
dialog: turns a dial-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Call out when the reticular
dialog: formation goes blue-
text: Maya is watching a BRAIN SCAN image which is rapidly changing
dialog: from RED to cooler colors-
text: The DEINONYCHUS begins to stagger a bit, appears confused-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (excited) Look at that! And I'm
dialog: only restricting acetylcholine-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Don‘t make him fall over again,
dialog: His ribs-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (dialing) Come on, baby, nice soft
dialog: landing-
text: The deinonychus lowers itself into a CROUCH, partly
text: supporting itself with its shorter front legs, breathing
text: heavily and staring somewhat glassily into space. Nick is
dialog: amazed-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We've placed a few strategic
dialog: implants to let us control its
dialog: hormones by radio signal-
dialog: ‘oe
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Not hormones, neuropeptides-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Right now it’s experiencing
dialog: something like acute chronic
dialog: fatigue syndrome. Before you came
dialog: in the parts of its gray matter
dialog: controlling rage and aggressive
dialog: behavior were stimulated.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You remember the cockfights in
dialog: Honduras? When a rooster gets mad,
text: blood flows into its comb,
text: responding to the adrenaline. But
dialog: if the handler put the comb in his
dialog: mouth and sucked blood into it- the
dialog: rooster got mad before he even saw
dialog: his opponent.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Fortunately for us, reptiles have a
dialog: very compartmentalized brain, just
dialog: like chickens. We don’t get much
dialog: spillover when we want to induce a
dialog: specific emotion.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: For what purpose?
text: Maya and Sherman look to Joyce-- it’s not their place to give
dialog: out this information-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Let's leave that for tomorrow. You
dialog: must be exhausted- you'll travelled
dialog: all the way from the Jurassic Era
dialog: to the 21st century.
text: Maya steps forward and takes his hand-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Mr. Harris- I look forward to
dialog: working with you.
text: Joyce takes a last look in at the pacified X-1-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 2
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick surreptitiously glances down at his hand. Maya has
text: palmed a torn corner of her behavior chart into it, on which
dialog: she has written-
dialog: Do not give them the embryos!
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: You kind of wonder what he’s
dialog: thinking, don’t you?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick and Maya exchange a quick look, then Nick turns to look
text: at the dinosaur. X-1 seems to focus for a moment, meeting
dialog: his eye-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He’s wondering which one of us he
dialog: should eat first.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS
text: A LAND ROVER with an open observation port cut in the roof
text: glides over a spectacular MOUNTAIN PASS-
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER
text: Nick and Joyce sit on the bench seat in the rear as KRONER,
text: Joyce’s unctuous aide de camp, drives-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We have our own valley to work in,
dialog: and being the principal employer in
dialog: the canton affords its own
dialog: protection. The Swiss, as the
dialog: world knows, are quite capable of
text: keeping a secret.
text: They roll past a SECURITY CHECKPOINT, waved through by the
speaker_heading: GUARD-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: The west road, Kroner.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: @ KRONER
dialog: Absolutely, Colonel.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Colonel?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (shrugs) Something the boys in
dialog: Africa used to call me.
text: Joyce stands to look out from the port, Nick following-
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN VALLEY - TRAINING FACILITY
text: Several bunker-like BUILDINGS and large CAGED ENCLOSURES are
text: clustered in the bowl of the little valley. They pull up
text: beside a long cement CHUTE with a steel-mesh roof that
text: extends out of the side of the mountain-
text: Sherman and Maya are waiting in a cut-away HUMVEE with a
text: dashboard filled with the kinds of monitors and controls we
text: saw in the underground observation room. Around them in
text: various PURSUIT VEHICLES are the TRAINING STAFF-- a dozen
text: eo hard-looking MERCENARIES with an array of long-handled
text: » ELECTRIC PRODS, wicked-looking RESTRAINTS and heavy duty
speaker_heading: WEAPONS-—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (calls over) Has the objective
dialog: been set up?
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: We‘re ready to rip.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Let’s bring them out, then.
text: Nick realizes what‘s going on-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Whooah, now, you’re not going to
dialog: let-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I assure you, they’re totally under
dialog: control.
text: and stand in the open, standing several yards away from the
text: @ A DEINONYCHUS, and then ANOTHER, trot out through the chute
text: humans, watching them warily.
dialog: 51.
text: e Both have regulators on the side of their heads. We can tell
text: < by the spray-paint on their sides that tnis is xX-2 and X-3
dialog: (Orestes and Ferseus)-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: See?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: These are more of those deino-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: -nychus draxi. They already
dialog: possessed the super-sensitive smell
dialog: and hearing, the power, the pack-
dialog: hunting instincts we desired, then
dialog: Sherman got busy splicing genes.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (impressed with himself) A section
dialog: of DNA from the egg-stealing
text: raptor, Ornitholestes, to lengthen
text: the forelegs and give them more
text: dexterity with the fingers, a
dialog: section from the domestic dog that
dialog: seems to foster obedience and
dialog: ® receptivity to training, and a
dialog: small section of human DNA that we
dialog: hope will increase their problem-
dialog: solving ability.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: If you don’t get a leash on those
dialog: things we’re going to have a major
dialog: problem to solve-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (smiles) Maya? Let‘s give Mr.
text: Harris a demonstration.
text: Maya stands in the Humvee, calls out in a commanding voice-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Raptors!
text: The beasts respond, turning to watch her intently. She
text: signals with her arm, pointing down the dirt road that leads
text: ahead into a stand of TREES-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Forward!
text: ® X-2 and X-3 begin to trot down the road, Kroner pulls out to
text: follow them, and the whole menagerie of vehicles joins in,
text: Maya's control Humvee just behind the Land Rover-
dialog: 52.
text: Joyce hands Nick a thick red ARMBAND, about the size of a
text: blood-pressure cuff, like the ones he and all the other staff
dialog: are wearing-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Put this on. It releases
dialog: pheromones the raptors have been
dialog: trained to avoid.
text: Nick slips the armband on-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It doesn't smell like anything-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: To them it does.
text: Nick watches the beasts trotting up ahead-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: They look different.
text: The raptors have, in fact, changed color since they first
text: came out of the chute, from GRAYISH to a mottled GREEN-BROWN
dialog: that matches the countryside around them-
dialog: ‘e
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They're regular chameleons- put
text: them in front of a brick wall and
dialog: you'd swear you can see the mortar.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (nods) So we're taking them for a
dialog: stroll-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: We're in convoy, moving through
dialog: enemy territory.
text: Nick gives him a look-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I think you've let this Colonel
dialog: thing get to your head.
text: Joyce just smiles as they enter the TREES, the road narrowing
dialog: somewhat—
text: The deinonychus slow down up ahead, then stop, alert-
dialog: ‘oe
scene_heading: CLOSER ~ RAPTORS
text: Quick shots of the raptors’ NOSTRILS sniffing, EYES darting-
speaker_heading: NICK, JOYCE
text: Nick looks around them into the trees-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What‘s out there?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They'll know before we do.
dialog: X-1 & 2
text: The raptors suddenly dart away into the trees to the left,
text: SHRIEKING with aggression! AUTOMATIC GUNFIRE opens up from
text: the position they're running at, an AMBUSH EMPLACEMENT dug
text: beneath a huge fallen log-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick ducks instinctively, but Joyce remains standing-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Don't worry, it’s blank ammunition.
dialog: Have to get them used to the noise-
scene_heading: RAPTORS - AMBUSH BUNKER
text: The raptors hit the bunker on the dead run, the lead one
text: leaping and landing on the log above the firing position with
text: both legs, the second charging straight in and thrusting into
text: the opening with its ‘terrible claw’.
text: The two rapidly demolish the position, soft dirt and chunks
text: of bark, wood and moss flying in every direction, till they
text: have unearthed a rectangular iron PROTECTIVE CAGE containing
text: two terrified MERCENARIES who have dropped their weapons and
text: SCREAM for help as the massive creatures roll the whole thing
text: over and over, jabbing in with their sickle-claws and
dialog: STOMPING the bars out of shape!
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: STAFF
text: The other Mercenaries have dismounted and move forward
text: nervously with their various weapons and gear-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Shut them down, Sherman-
dialog: 
text: Sherman is worried, watching his instrument panel-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: They‘re on full restraint already!
text: Nick leaps out of the Land Rover, grabs the nastiest weapon
text: he sees (something like a RPG launcher) from a mercenary,
dialog: aims-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Grab him!
text: Mercenaries dive on Nick, wrestling the grenade launcher from
text: him and pinning him on the ground-
text: The raptors are subdued as well, breathing heavily but
text: sitting back on their haunches on either side of the battered
text: protective cage. The men inside are equally battered but
dialog: alive-
text: Maya walks out to within a few yards of them, hands held
dialog: before her-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Easy, easy-
text: Nick watches from the ground, amazed at her courage (or
dialog: stupidity) -
text: Maya turns and calls to Sherman in the control vehicle-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Give them a blast of serotonin as a
dialog: reward.
text: Sherman twists a dial-
text: The raptors’ eyes half-close with bliss-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: All right, just a little get-up-and-
dialog: go-
dialog: 55.
text: @ Sherman tweaks a different dial. Maya points back toward the
dialog: chute—
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Raptors! Home!
text: Amazingly, the two monsters right themselves, and, totally
text: ignoring the cage, begin to move back toward the road and the
dialog: chute-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Let him up.
text: The Mercenaries warily let Nick go. He sits up, watches the
dialog: deinonychus pass-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You almost got those men killed.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: On the contrary- we were just saved
dialog: from a deadly ambush by our advance
dialog: scouts.
text: The Mercenaries remount their vehicles and begin to follow
text: the deinonychus back, while a pair of MEDICS hurry to the
dialog: cage-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Why should some poor grunt have to
dialog: walk point through enemy territory
dialog: if you’ve got these creatures to do
dialog: it? When Cortés conquered Mexico
text: he unleashed ferocious dogs on the
dialog: terrified Aztecs-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -who were fighting with arrows and
dialog: spears. With real bullets-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: In a combat situation they’1l be
dialog: fully armored. Just think of the
dialog: psychological effect- talk about
dialog: your shock and awe-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (fully realizing) You want to use
dialog: them as soldiers!
speaker_heading: © JOYCE
dialog: SWAT team,
dialog: (proud) Shock troops,
dialog: riot control, search and destroy--
dialog: the ultimate in special forces.
text: Maya hops into the Humvee, not happy-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (to Sherman) What took it so long?
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: I’m not sure-- they were
dialog: overexcited-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: The fact is you don't know.
text: They pull away. Nick walks over toward the cage. The Medics
dialog: have had no luck getting the twisted entry lid to open-
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: (to Joyce) We’re going to have to
dialog: torch this to get it open.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We'll send somebody out.
text: He watches Nick, who is still a bit shaken-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You‘ve been the first man in on
dialog: some of these operations, Nick, you
dialog: know the casualty rate-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You can‘t control them.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (shrugs) Maya has taken them a
dialog: long way, but she’s not a
dialog: professional soldier.
text: Nick turns to look at him. This is the pitch-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I know your history Nick- you’ve
dialog: always done what you were told
dialog: extremely well and never asked too
dialog: many questions. You've been used
dialog: and abused and don’t have much to
dialog: show for it. Isn't it time you got
dialog: paid what you’re worth?
dialog: \e
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAINING ENCLOSURE
text: A smaller deinonychus, X-5 (Achilles), wearing a kind of
text: HARNESS around its body, paces in an outdoor ENCLOSURE about
text: the size of the lion tamer’s cage at the circus. A HUNK OF
text: BEEF is hung just outside the bars. X-5 approaches it warily-
text: ZZZZZZZZ2TTTTTT! it receives an enormous ELECTRICAL JOLT,
text: administered by ZEISS, a rather sadistic mercenary at a
text: console just beyond the bars-
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: We have learned our lesson, maybe?
text: The Humvee pulls up and Maya charges out of it-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Zeiss! What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: It continues to eat whenever it
dialog: pleases. It needs to learn-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: The only thing it could learn from
dialog: this is that you’re a nitwit, and
dialog: it probably already knows that!
dialog: And the harness-
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: The neuro-implant induces nausea,
dialog: not pain.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: This is behavior modification,
dialog: Zeiss, not torture.
text: Joyce and Nick have returned as well, Kroner standing at
text: something like attention behind them. Maya crosses to a
speaker_heading: narrow DOOR-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Unlock.
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: He's very upset-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: At you. Unlock.
text: Zeiss hits a switch and we hear a BOLT shoot open. xX-5 hears
text: it too, snapping to attention-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 58.
text: ick watches as Maya slides open a narrow DOOR, squeezes in.
text: CHANG! Zeiss hits the switch and the dccr closes behind her-
text: X-5 stands across the cage from her, wary-
text: Maya doesn’t move from next to the door for a moment,
dialog: watching the beast-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Stay.
text: She slowly crosses to the beast, never losing eye-contact—
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Easy- easy-
text: She is right next to X-5 now, holding its eyes as she deftly
text: unclips the harness and pulls it off-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Good boy.
text: She turns her back on the monster, slowly walks to the door.
text: The door shoots open, she squeezes out- CHANG! The door
text: shuts behind her. She turns to Joyce, still angry-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Every time I start to make some
dialog: progress with this animal one of
dialog: your thugs sets it back two weeks.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We have a timetable to be aware of.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Well you'd better push it back.
text: She strides away. Joyce indicates xX-5 to Nick-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: A relatively new recruit. You know
dialog: the type, lots of attitude, a bit
dialog: wild-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How many of these things do you
dialog: have?
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Unfortunately the genetic
dialog: engineering involved in their
text: creation renders them sterile.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN (cont'd)
dialog: If we're going to expand and have a
dialog: breeding program-~
dialog: ‘e
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We need the embryos that you stole
dialog: from us.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’m not so sure that’s a good idea.
dialog: What if you take them out for a
dialog: spin and one decides to go AWOL?
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Even if the neuro-implant
dialog: malfunctioned they wouldn’t get
dialog: far. Their bodies are capable of
dialog: creating insulin but lack the
dialog: stimulant that causes it to be
dialog: secreted- only we can perform this
dialog: function.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Without us they can last only an
dialog: hour, maybe less.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: (nods toward Maya) The patrol we
dialog: went on this morning- she didn’t
dialog: train them to do that, did she?
text: Sherman looks away-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: There was a South African gentleman
dialog: named de Vroot- wonderful
dialog: storyteller- seemed to be getting
dialog: on very well with his trainees-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: And what happened to him?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (hesitant) That's not totally
dialog: clear-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: We found one of his shoes.
text: Joyce slaps Nick on the back, winks-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Big risks, big pay, my friend.
dialog: Dare to be great.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - DINING HALL
text: A long wooden table, tapestries on the walls- there should be
text: tankards of ale and serving wenches, but instead it’s Nick,
text: Maya, Sherman and Joyce sitting down for dinner with BARON
text: HERMAN VON DRAX, a very self-satisfied character who has
dialog: spent a lifetime getting whatever he wants-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Courage, intelligence, the so-
dialog: called ‘killer instinct‘- these
dialog: are qualities I have always looked
dialog: for in my employees, but it is the
dialog: rare to find them all in the same
dialog: individual. So I think- ‘Why not
dialog: give Nature a helping hand?’
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (fawning) The human DNA we used in
dialog: the deinonychus came from Baron von
dialog: Drax.
text: Nick looks von Drax over-
speaker_heading: @ NICK
dialog: Now that you mention it, I can see
dialog: the resemblance.
text: Maya hides a smile, but the Baron is not distracted-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: We created our warriors from only
dialog: the finest ingredients.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You can combine behavioral
dialog: attributes like you’re making a
dialog: cake?
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: At the moment we can narrow them
dialog: down to a certain section of the
dialog: chain. It is possible that other
dialog: less desirable traits might hitch-
dialog: hike, so to speak, and end up as
dialog: part of the organism.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: But this mix gives you something
dialog: greater than its parts- they are
dialog: full of hybrid vigor. Like the
dialog: Swiss.
speaker_heading: oe NICK
dialog: But the Swiss aren't sterile.
text: Von Drax shoots Nick a hard, appraising look,
speaker_heading: LAUGHING-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: I am the twenty-third Baron von
dialog: Drax, Mr. Harris. I assure you
dialog: that we are not!
text: Nick sits back-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: In the second world war there was a
dialog: program to train sea lions to place
text: magnetic mines on enemy ships.
dialog: Tireless swimmers, able to stay
dialog: under without oxygen tanks-—
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Did they blow anything up?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Mostly fishing boats. They
dialog: couldn’t pass up a meal.
dialog: e
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: We‘re training our animals not to
dialog: eat what they kill. That’s been
dialog: the most difficult instinct to
dialog: modify so far.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: So-
text: He looks to Joyce-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: -the embryos are on their way, ja?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Mr. Harris is still considering our
dialog: offer.
text: Von Drax looks stricken-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: (slightly threatening) Consider it
dialog: @ as quickly as you can, Mr. Harris.
dialog: 2 Patience is not part of my genetic
dialog: heritage.
dialog: 61.
text: then bursts out
dialog: {e
dialog: 
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nick sits on the edge of his bed, watching a phony-looking
text: WAR MCVIE. He clicks it OFF, crosses to the door, tries it-
dialog: not locked!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY
text: Nick comes down the spiral STAIRCASE of the tower, noting
text: several SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS as he goes-—
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Nick steps out onto the TORCH-lit PARAPET of the castle. He
text: sees Maya sitting, brooding, on the base of an ancient
text: CATAPULT. He approaches, taps the catapult-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I could send you over the moat with
dialog: this if you’d like.
text: Maya looks up, smiles-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I may take you up on that.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That‘s not the Grendel
dialog: International spirit I’m hearing.
text: Maya shoots a look down into the courtyard- Kroner stands
text: leaning against a wall, pretending he’s just out for a smoke,
text: monitoring the conversation. Nick sees him, understands.
text: Maya rises and they begin to stroll around the parapet-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Had a few setbacks today.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So how does one get to be a
dialog: dinosaur trainer?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (shrugs) Oh- I got my doctorate in
dialog: behavioral sciences, did some field
dialog: work with wolves in the north of
dialog: Canada till the grant money started
dialog: drying up, and then- well, there
dialog: aren’t that many practical
dialog: applications. So I took a job with
dialog: the circus.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The circus?
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: In the ring with the whip and
text: chair, pushing the big cats through
dialog: their routines. Then there was a
dialog: certain trapeze artist I wanted to
dialog: get away from, so when I was
dialog: approached for this job-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You knew what you were getting
dialog: into?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: For my fifteenth birthday my father
dialog: promised to take me to opening day
dialog: at Jurassic Park. I've still got
dialog: the ticket. When I heard I'd be
dialog: working with animals that used to
dialog: be extinct-- well, I didn’t ask too
dialog: many questions about what they were
dialog: going to be trained to do.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: In the cage this morning- how did
dialog: you know that thing wouldn’t go for
dialog: you?
text: Maya stops and they look out over the TOWN down the mountain,
text: only a few LIGHTS still on-
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: When a wolf pack works a herd of
dialog: elk they'll single out the weakest-
text: an orphaned juvenile, an older
dialog: adult on its last legs- and look it
text: straight in the eye.
dialog: e
dialog: 2
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: SECURITY ROOM - MCNITOR - JOYCE AND VON DRAX
text: Joyce and von Drax stand watching and listening to Nick and
text: Maya, who are being tracked by a SURVEILLANCE CAMERA-
speaker_heading: MAYA (VIDEO)
dialog: There's a conversation of death
dialog: that goes on between them, hunter
text: and prey, almost an understanding.
dialog: I’ve seen the rest of the herd
text: continue to graze peacefully while
text: one of their number is set upon and
dialog: killed.
text: Joyce turns to reassure the Baron-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I wouldn‘t worry to much about
dialog: Nick. He’ll come around.
scene_heading: EXT. PARAPET
text: Nick watches Maya's face, animated in the TORCHLIGHT-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Twenty yards away there’s this
text: grisly murder and they keep chewing
dialog: grass. Because they know it’s not
dialog: their turn.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So you just looked it in the eye
dialog: and you could tell-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (arriving) She’s a bit of a
dialog: hypnotist, our Maya.
text: Joyce steps out from the base of the SECURITY TOWER-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: But she doesn’t really approve of
dialog: our goals here.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Wild animals should not-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: First of all, they're not wild,
dialog: they‘re bio-engineered. We created
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (cont'd)
dialog: And like any other weapenized
dialog: organism, their effectiveness
dialog: depends on the skill cf those who
dialog: deploy them.
text: He turns to Nick-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Like any good soldier, eh Nick?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Good soldiers care what side
dialog: they're on.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh, we're on the side of the angels
dialog: here-
text: He pulls out a PHOTOGRAPH and hands it to Nick-
scene_heading: POV - PHOTOGRAPH
text: In the photo a LITTLE GIRL of about ten sits on a pony,
text: smiling at the camera-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: PARAPET
text: Joyce looks smug, having played his trump card-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: She's the little girl whose life
dialog: you're going to save.
scene_heading: INT. STRATEGY ROOM - WALL SCREEN
text: On the large WALL-SCREEN is a blow-up of an AERIAL PHOTO of a
text: section of a PORT CITY-
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: This section of the docks in
text: Tangier has mostly been abandoned.
text: A ground-level PHOTO of dilapidated SHACKS AND WAREHOUSES
text: appears on the screen-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: ‘e
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: Our sources inform us that Isabel
text: Chartiers is being held somewhere
text: in the guarter.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Nick sits with Joyce as he clicks the next image cnto the
dialog: screen-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Her father is Betrand Chartiers,
dialog: chairman of the Duhamel Group,
dialog: which maintains substantial
dialog: financial holdings in many of
dialog: France's former colonies.
text: A well-dressed businessman, CHARTIERS, appears on the screen-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: Two of his employees have already
text: been kidnapped. The first, a minor
dialog: functionary, was killed during
dialog: protracted negotiations. With the
dialog: second, a junior vice president,
dialog: the company paid the ransom
text: immediately-- with the same result.
text: A photo of French police carrying a loaded BODY BAG out of a
dialog: tenement building appears-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: And the kidnappers?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: They seem to be motivated by a
dialog: personal grudge against Monsieur
dialog: Chartiers as much as by the lure of
dialog: ransom money. They call themselves
dialog: the North African Liberation Front,
dialog: but the little we know of them
dialog: suggests that their motives are
dialog: more criminal than political.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: And you're sure she’s still alive?
text: Joyce hits the clicker again. A shaky VIDEO appears on the
text: screen- several black-hooded KIDNAPPERS move about in the
text: foreground and background of a smallish room as little ISABEL
text: faces the lens, sitting at a central table-
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: ISABEL (VIDEO)
dialog: Papa, Maman- j'etais en bon santé
dialog: mais vous me manquez beaucoup. Ces
dialog: gens ici m'epouvaisent et il faut
dialog: gue payez a eaux tout ce-qu'ils
dialog: demandent.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: She says she’s scared and wants to
dialog: go home.
text: They cross to a MODEL of the waterfront quarter laid out on a
dialog: table-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: That arrived yesterday. They‘ve
dialog: given Chartiers a week to deliver
dialog: two million euros.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: A week is-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: -is all we've got. We can only
dialog: hope they'll keep her alive at
dialog: least till the ransom exchange.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I could take a half-dozen good men
dialog: and-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: And what? Knock on doors? The
dialog: quarter is a half-mile square. Our
dialog: deinonychus, given a few personal
dialog: articles, will sniff the girl out
dialog: within minutes.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So let one of them find her and
dialog: we‘1l-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Come in with guns blazing? You
dialog: notice in the videos, they always
text: have her in the center- to shoot at
dialog: them, you put her in the middle of
text: a fire-fight. But if the only
dialog: shooting, should there be any,
dialog: comes from them-
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: And what if your dincsaurs bust in
dialog: and one of the kidnappers keeps nis
text: head long enough to turn a gun on
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (shrugs) Then she will be spared
dialog: the very graphic sight cf what
text: happens next.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - DAY
text: Nick stands before the five Xes, who are lined up outside the
text: chute, staring at him-
text: Sherman, portable radio control in hand, and Maya stand
dialog: behind him-
text: Behind them are Joyce, Zeiss, and a DOZEN of von Drax's
text: ‘Mercenaries’, armed and wary. Everybody is wearing one of
dialog: the pheromone armbands-
text: Nick is in drill sergeant mode now, standing at parade rest
dialog: and calling out-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Any soldier worth his pay has a
dialog: name to answer to, not a number.
text: Even the most sniveling little lap
dialog: dog answers to its name- Zeiss!
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: (instinctively) Sir?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: See what I mean?
text: Nick walks slowly along the line of Xes, from highest to
dialog: lowest-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Achilles-- Hector-- Perseus--
dialog: Orestes---
text: He pauses in front of X-1, the biggest and most uneasy-—
dialog: looking of the group, considers-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -Spartacus.
text: He turns to address the humans-
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You will learn these names and from
dialog: this moment forward will not fail
dialog: to refer to and address the
text: warriors by them. Only three
dialog: members of the team will be chosen
dialog: for the mission at hand, but all
dialog: will be trained for it.
text: He looks specifically at Maya-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: From now on- and this is very
dialog: important- all military directives
dialog: will be given by me and by me only.
dialog: Is that understood?
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY CHAMBER - RAPTOR ENCLOSURE
text: very low light level. Spartacus slowly moves across the room
text: toward a table with a soccer ball, a boombox radio and a
text: roast pig on a platter lined up on it-
scene_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Nick, Maya, Sherman, and behind them, Joyce, watch a NIGHT-
text: VISION version of Spartacus’ movement on a MONITOR-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Okay, give him the works.
text: Sherman flips a switch and-
speaker_heading: ENCLOSURE
text: BLAM! Pop! Pop! Pop! At-at-at-at-at-at-at! SOUNDS of
text: GUNFIRE and FLASHES on all sides of Spartacus. He ROARS,
text: then hurries to the table and sniffs each item, settling on
text: the boombox, which he deftly lifts up in one clawed hand and
text: moves back to the other side of the enclosure-
scene_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Nick clicks a STOPWATCH-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Stimulus off.
dialog: e
dialog: 
text: Sherman hits a switch and the fireworks stop, the LIGHTS turn
text: on in the enclosure. Spartacus turns to glare at Nick. Nick
text: nods back to him, clicks on a speaker-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (into speaker) Excellent work,
dialog: Spartacus. (to Sherman) Shoot him
dialog: some love, Sherman.
text: Sherman turns a dial-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You’re overdoing it with the
dialog: serotonin.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (nods) Tomorrow we'll reward and
dialog: punish with insulin. Remind them
dialog: that we control their vital
dialog: functions.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: We’re making them into a bunch of
dialog: drug addicts.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Some day a pat on the back and a
dialog: ‘Good boy’ might be enough to
dialog: motivate them.
text: He stares back at the defiant Spartacus-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don’t think we’re there yet.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY
text: MILITARY MUSIC as we FOLLOW the raptors over and through a
text: kind of OBSTACLE COURSE. They balance as they cross a single-
text: log bridge, climb a mock-up of a two-story tenement wall with
text: fire escape, jump down, pick up speed to hurdle a trench full
text: of FIRE and finally slow to a cautious walk, sniffing at the
dialog: ground as they go-
text: We PAN to Nick, Joyce and Maya watching, all them wearing
text: helmets with safety visors, standing behind a protective WALL-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Von Drax is not going to be happy
dialog: if one of his investments gets
dialog: blown apart here.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: If they can't sniff out a mine six
text: inches under the dirt their
dialog: aggressiveness becomes a liability--
dialog: lock at this-
text: We SHIFT to see the raptors. The others are holding back,
text: watching, as Achilles sniffs his way through the minefield,
text: occasionally pressing his tail against the ground-
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: There’s a scent gland under his
dialog: tail-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He‘s marking a trail for the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Did you teach them that?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I wish I had. Saves time, only
dialog: risks one member of the team-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Insightful behavior.
text: They watch as Achilles gets to the other side of the
text: minefield, calls back to the others with a CLICKING noise.
text: The other four wind their way, single file, along the exact
dialog: route Achilles took-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Makes you wonder what else they've
text: been cooking up.
text: Spartacus, at the rear, shoots a look to Nick-
scene_heading: EXT. TRAINING ENCLOSURE - ANOTHER DAY
text: Maya stands at the center of the cage where she took the
text: harness off Achilles. She is surrounded by the raptors,
text: standing at ‘attention’. She has an armful of LITTLE GIRL’S
speaker_heading: CLOTHING-
text: Sherman and Nick stand outside the enclosure with Zeiss and a
dialog: few other Mercenaries-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
text: When each one sniffs her clothing
dialog: I'll give hima jolt-
dialog: e
dialog: @
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: We want them to protect her, not be
text: afraid of her.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: What then?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Oxytocin to the forebrain.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: They’re not going into labor-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: In males it reduces infanticide,
dialog: promotes parenting behavior and
dialog: long-term pair bonding.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The Daddy drug. Didn’t know there
dialog: was one.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: I'm doing this under protest.
text: He dials in the oxytocin as Maya offers the clothes up for
dialog: each raptor to sniff-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We should repeat this every day
dialog: till the mission. That smell is
dialog: all they'll have to track her down.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - PRACTICE BUILDINGS - ANOTHER DAY
text: Four PRACTICE BUILDINGS, shells that have been rigged up to
dialog: resemble what we‘ve seen in the waterfront quarter, stand not
dialog: too far from the chute-
text: Three of the raptors- Spartacus, Perseus and Orestes- trot
text: out of the chute, each now wearing something like a FLAK VEST
text: strapped around their bodies. They cluster together-
scene_heading: OBSERVATION BLIND
text: Nick, Joyce, Maya, and Sherman are in a dugout OBSERVATION
text: BLIND nearby, watching the raptors directly and on VIDEO
speaker_heading: MONITORS ~-
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: The body armor doesn’t seem to
dialog: bother them.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: They're used to harnesses. It’s
dialog: fairly light-weight-
text: Maya points to a METER-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: They're talking it over.
speaker_heading: CU METER
text: An oscilloscope-like READOUT is hopping all over the place-
speaker_heading: MAYA (0.S.)
dialog: Ultra-sounds,-
speaker_heading: RAPTORS
text: The three raptors have spread out as they approach the
text: buildings, throats working but no sound we can hear coming
dialog: out-
speaker_heading: MAYA (0.S.)
dialog: -way out of our range.
speaker_heading: SPARTACUS
text: Spartacus lifts his snout, catching the scent. He makes a
text: deep GRUNT and the others join him, looking at a smallish
text: SHED made of corrugated metal. They split up, each taking a
dialog: different spot to surround the shed-
speaker_heading: OBSERVERS
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That’s it, fellas, triangulate-
speaker_heading: SPARTACUS, RAPTORS
text: Spartacus opens his jaws to make another ultra-sound, and the
text: three charge in unison!
text: WHAM! Orestes head-butts through the front door!
dialog: 74.
dialog: @ ce ws
text: SMASH! Perseus hops feet-first through a side window!
text: CRUUUUNCH! Spartacus hits the opposite side, punching his
text: forearms through the corrugated metal and ripping a huge
dialog: section of the wall away!
text: Pa-pap-pap-pap-pap-pap! Blam! Blam! TEST DUMMIES dressed
text: like the kidnappers and holding WEAPONS are triggered to open
text: up FIRING loud bursts of blank ammo!
text: The raptors rip into the dummies, weapons and body parts
text: flying, dispatching a quartet of them in seconds. They turn
text: on the last dummy, Orestes about to take a bite- then
dialog: freezing-
text: It is a DUMMY of a small GIRL, dressed like Isabel Chartiers
text: in the video. Orestes sniffs, knocking the dummy over on its
text: side. Spartacus GRUNTS and Orestes moves away. The alpha
text: raptor steps in, sniffs, then gently takes the dummy in its
dialog: claws and rights it-
scene_heading: OBSERVATION BLIND
dialog: @ Joyce is ecstatic-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: That was spectacular! Even with
text: the kidnappers loaded up and on
dialog: full alert-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (less impressed) Thin walls, no
dialog: corridors to go down-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They're ready.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sure. They’re ready to take on an
text: army of dummies. Flesh and blood
dialog: kidnappers, though-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Ready or not, the payoff is
dialog: scheduled for Thursday. We go
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Joyce climbs out of the bunker. Nick is not pleased with the
dialog: 9 hurry-up-
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Sherman) Blast them with
dialog: bliss, Sherman. And feed them when
text: they get back inside.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: Not much happening in the lab tonight. A MAINTENANCE MAN
text: runs a FLOOR BUFFER-
scene_heading: INT. RAPTOR ENCLOSURE
text: LIGHTS HALF-DIMMED, the raptors move slowly, uneasy-
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Nick sits alone, watching his warriors—
speaker_heading: MAYA (0.S.)
dialog: You be careful tomorrow.
text: Nick looks up to see Maya joining him-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm not the one they'll be shooting
dialog: at.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: It’s not the kidnappers you have to
dialog: worry about. (nods toward raptors)
dialog: When it goes down, just make sure
dialog: you're somewhere safe.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’ve seen you walk right up to them-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: When I was in the ring with the
dialog: big cats I learned never to think
dialog: they were my friends. You turn
dialog: your back and-- well, they can‘t
dialog: help themselves-—
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What if one went for you when you
dialog: were looking it straight in the
dialog: eye?
dialog: st ]
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Tf you let them have the DNA
dialog: they'll prebably let you go.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (shakes his head) Not here. I was
dialog: held in the desert for fourteen
dialog: months. Wo war had been declared,
dialog: so we were just- if we’d all
dialog: disappeared nobody would have made
text: a fuss. She must be so scared-
text: Maya smiles sadly, gives him a kiss on the cheek-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Good luck tomorrow.
text: She exits. Nick goes back to contemplating the raptors-—
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - TANGIER - NIGHT
text: A big TRUCK pulls up at the edge of the decaying Tangier
text: waterfront, a battered SUV gliding to a stop next to it-
text: The tailgate of the truck swings down hydraulically, becoming
dialog: a RAMP-
text: Spartacus, Perseus and Orestes step down the ramp. They are
text: rigged up in the protective armor with the addition of a
text: small night-vision VIDEO CAMERA on each, mounted on the
dialog: shoulder-
speaker_heading: SUV - NICK
text: The INTERIOR of the SUV is totally different than its
text: outside. Very high-tech, with three MONITORS being fed by
text: each of the raptors, letting us know what they see-
text: Nick is wearing a pheromone armband and a speaker set on his
text: head, leaving his hands free-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Squadron hold. Camouflage.
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: ee
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: PERSEUS
text: Perseus pauses by an ancient two-story WAREHOUSE. A faded
text: SIGN indicates it has sometning to do with olive oil.
text: Perseus sniffs, then lifts his head and opers his jaws wide,
text: calling ultra-sonically. Spartacus, then Crestes appear to
text: join him. They put their heads together, facing the building-
speaker_heading: suUV - NICK
text: Nick gets a good look at the building from the raptors’
text: cameras, checks on his locator grid-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (into radio) Looks like we‘ve got
dialog: something- Sector twelve, building
dialog: three-six-two-
text: He brings the SUV to a stop, unhooks his seatbelt and lifts a
text: short-barrelled AUTOMATIC WEAPON from the seat beside him-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (muttering to himself) Let’s just
dialog: hope it’s not a meat-packing plant.
speaker_heading: WAREHOUSE
text: Perseus stays by the FRONT ENTRANCE as—
text: Orestes moves around back to the LOADING DOCK-—
text: And Spartacus painstakingly climbs the FIRE ESCAPE that leads
text: up to a second floor WINDOW-
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: We are inside the warehouse on the GROUND FLOOR, rows of
text: BARRELS full of OLIVE OIL taking up much of the space. We
text: move past them to see a trio of KIDNAPPERS asleep on cots,
dialog: weapons within arm’s reach-
text: Four MORE KIDNAPPERS sit at a small table under a harsh light
text: playing cards, their weapons propped against chair legs or
text: lying on the table-
text: We CONTINUE past these men to a set of iron STAIRS, CRANING
text: UP to the second-floor LOFT. We push through an open door
dialog: into the old OFFICE-
dialog: 80.
text: Two MCRE KIDNAPPERS sleep on mattresses on the floor, while a
text: third sits near the window, feet up on the ancient desk, Uzi
text: on his lap, yawning and nodding off-
text: In the middle of the room, curled up in a big upholstered
text: EASY CHAIR with the stuffing coming out the arms, is ISABEL
speaker_heading: CHARTIERS-
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Nick is out of the SUV now, ready to roll, looking in through
text: the window at the grid locator-
speaker_heading: LOCATOR SCREEN
text: The raptors, represented by three BLINKING RED DOTS, have
dialog: surrounded the building-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick, tense, speaks low into his headset-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: All together, boys. You're go to
dialog: enter-
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - FIRE ESCAPE LADDER, SPARTACUS
text: We watch the claws of Spartacus’ foot grip the next rung up-
text: He shifts his weight ever so slowly, the fire escape metal
text: CREAKING just a bit. One more step- he’s up on the platform,
text: looking in the window-
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE
text: The kidnapper at the desk is nearly asleep, his back to the
text: window as the massive head appears behind him, peering in-
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE
text: Spartacus calls in ultra-sound then-
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - OFFICE
text: SMASH! Spartacus thrusts his head through the window, ROARS,
text: then grabs the dozing kidnapper in his jaws, the man
text: SCREAMING as he is lifted and shaken!
speaker_heading: GROUND FLOOR
text: WHAM! Perseus batters his way through the front entrance
text: door, sprawling off-balance, knocking into piled BARRELS and
text: sending them crashing to and rolling on the floor!
text: CRASH! RIP! Orestes begins to tear apart the metal loading
dialog: dock DOOR in the rear-
text: The kidnappers at the table grab for their weapons but BAM!
text: Perseus charges through them, splintering the table with a
dialog: mighty blow and sending the men flying-
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND WAREHOUSE
text: The mercenaries grab weapons and run out-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Go! Go! Go!
text: As they run out we TILT DOWN to a MONITOR. We see a
text: TERRIFIED KIDNAPPER firing his weapon toward the camera-—
scene_heading: INT. OLIVE OIL WAREHOUSE - OFFICE
text: Spartacus has smashed his way in through the window, the two
text: men on the mattresses awake now and Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap!
dialog: FIRING at him!
speaker_heading: ISABEL
text: Isabel is sitting up, confused and terrified- she ducks as a
text: deinonychus foot clamps onto the arm of the chair, Spartacus
text: using it as a springboard to leap across the room onto the
dialog: kidnappers!
text: Isabel throws her blanket over her head and curls into fetal
text: position. We hear THRASHING and SCREAMING-
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: GROUND FLOGR
text: Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap! The kidnappers scatter, FIRING
text: their weapons, tripping over barrels and upended furniture,
text: sliding on the olive-oil-slicked floor-
text: -but both Orestes and Perseus are in now and in full attack
text: mode- leaping, sliding, stabbing with their sickle-claws,
text: grabbing men in their jaws and hurling them across the rocm!
text: Two of the kidnappers duck cut the front entrance-—
text: One kidnapper tries to run up the iron stairs to the office.
text: He gets halfway up when CHOMP! Orestes nails him from behind-
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Nick is hurrying down the street toward the warehouse. The
text: two escaped kidnappers come rushing around the corner, see
text: him- Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap! they open up with their Uzis,
text: Nick diving for cover behind the burnt-out hulk of a tire-
scene_heading: less, ABANDONED CAR-
text: ROUNDS smash into the wreck, tearing chunks of metal off
text: around Nick's head. Not the greatest cover-
text: We shoot from profile as the kidnappers walk toward Nick,
dialog: FIRING as they come-
text: We change angle- we're fifty yards behind them and coming
text: fast- WHAM! Perseus flattens one of the men, running over
text: him from behind, then wheels and jumps on the other, tearing
dialog: at him!
text: Nick jumps up and runs past the raptor to the warehouse—
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - GROUND FLOOR
text: Nick enters through the front entrance. We FOLLOW him as he
text: steps over smashed barrels, busted furniture, discarded
text: weapons, dead bodies and spreading puddles of olive oil. He
text: pauses at the foot of the iron stairs, listens. Quiet. He
dialog: calls up-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's me! I’m coming up!
text: He changes channels on his headset, speaks more softly-
dialog: ‘oe
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’m in the building, no resistance
dialog: apparent. Shut them down. Repeat-
dialog: shut them down, now!
text: He climbs the iron staircase, weapon at ready, squeezing by a
text: kidnapper’s BODY hanging upside-down. He reaches the top,
text: steps into the office-
text: Spartacus and Orestes face him, one side of Spartacus’ head a
text: mess, BLOOD dripping down from it. Spartacus stands with one
text: foot resting on the overturned easy chair. They look wild-
text: eyed and not shut down at all, but don‘t attack-
text: Nick takes a step forward. Spartacus HISSES. Nick freezes,
text: looks around at the devastation in the room- BLOOD on the
text: walls, mattresses torn to shreds, one BODY hanging half out
dialog: of the window--
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: Spartacus GROWLS-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You've done good work here.
dialog: Outstanding. Where is the girl?
text: He sees the chair beneath the raptor’s foot-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Back. Move back.
text: Spartacus hesitates, then slowly steps away from the chair,
text: not taking his eyes off Nick. Orestes is starting to nod as
text: the radio-controlled neuropeptides do their work-
text: Nick steps forward, lifts the chair away-
text: A small figure under a blanket, not moving-
text: Nick takes the edge of the blanket, lifts-
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - STREET
text: A half-dozen VEHICLES screech to halt in front of the
text: warehouse, mercenaries jumping out, fully armed-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Surround the warehouse! We don’t
dialog: know what's going to come out of
dialog: there-
dialog: ‘eo
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Hold your fire!
dialog: She points-
text: Nick steps out cf the warehouse with Tsabel in his arms, the
text: little girl clutching at his neck and regarding the
text: mercenaries with wide eyes as he carries her through them to
text: Maya at the AMBULANCE-
speaker_heading: ISABEL
dialog: Sont réels les monstres que j'avais
dialog: vue? (Were those monsters I saw
dialog: real?)
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Non, non- c'est seulement un réve.
dialog: (No- it’s only a dream.)
text: Nick hands Isabel off to a MEDIC-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ces gens tu portez a tes parents.
dialog: C'est fini, ton cauchemar. (These
dialog: people will take you to your
dialog: parents. Your nightmare is all
dialog: over.)
dialog: Joyce is ecstatic-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Not a scratch on her! How are the
dialog: boys?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Spartacus is shot up pretty bad.
dialog: There's- there’s a lot of cleaning
dialog: up to do in there.
text: Joyce signals to Zeiss-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Get on it.
text: The mercenaries hurry into the warehouse. Maya steps close
dialog: to Nick-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You okay?
text: Nick grins. He is stoked from the action, the success of the
dialog: rescue-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Never better.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE - NIGHT
text: FLOODLIGHTS illuminate the COURTYARD of the castle as a
text: HELICOPTSR lowers and settles onto the ground. Von Drax and
text: his house staff are waiting, and break into APPLAUSE as Nick
text: and the others step out of the chopper-—
scene_heading: INT. DINING HALL - CHAMPAGNE BOTTLE
text: POP! The cork goes flying and CHAMPAGNE is dealt into
dialog: glasses-—
text: von Drax is at the head of the table, toasting Nick, Joyce,
dialog: Maya and Sherman-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Tonight, my friends, we have made
dialog: history!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: To our victorious reptiles!
text: They raise their glasses and drink-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: (excited) The video was thrilling-
dialog: I felt like I was in the room with
dialog: them!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Be thankful that you weren't.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: I think we are quite ready to show
dialog: our capabilities to the world
dialog: market.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Market?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: There’s another mission we've been
dialog: planning, Nick. Ona larger scale-
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: And this time several interested
dialog: parties will be on hand to watch-
dialog: including a representative from
dialog: your country’s Special Forces, Mr.
dialog: Harris.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We want you on board, Nick.
text: Nick considers a moment-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Do I have a choice?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I watched you out there. You were
dialog: in your element.
text: Maya watches Nick, still flushed with victory, worried-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: It’s in your blood.
scene_heading: INT. RAPTOR ENCLOSURE
text: Hector and Achilles put their heads together with Orestes and
text: Perseus, exchanging CHIRPING and CLICKING NOISES. War
dialog: stories----
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. STRATEGY ROOM - TABLE MODEL - DAY
text: We look down on a TABLE TOP MODEL of an extensive jungle
dialog: fortress-- checkpoints, guardhouses, barracks, drug
text: processing buildings and a lavish hacienda-style home-
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
text: Pepe Aguilar controls a large
dialog: percentage of the heroin and
text: cocaine still moving out from Latin
dialog: America.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: ROCM
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: He has a private army, his own
dialog: fleet of cargo planes, ana here, at
text: Cuchikamba, a state-of-the-art
dialog: processing plant.
text: Joyce and Nick regard the layout. Nick neds to the BLOW-UPS
text: of AERIAL PHOTOS mounted on the wall-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So bomb it off the map.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Aguilar also keeps several dozen
dialog: prisoners in the compound-
dialog: kidnapped members of prominent
dialog: families, politicians from all the
dialog: major and minor parties, and, most
dialog: importantly, the president's
dialog: favorite niece. He’s way back in
dialog: the jungle here- to make a
dialog: Se} surprise attack with the number of
dialog: ground troops you'd need-
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It wouldn't be much of a surprise.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: It's the perfect scenario for our
dialog: very unique services. Penetrate
dialog: their defenses and eliminate Pepe
dialog: Aguilar-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -without hurting the hostages.
dialog: This isn't a special ops mission,
dialog: it’s an invasion.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (nods) I suspect we'll need the
dialog: whole team this time.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN VALLEY - ENCLOSURE
text: SPITTERS through the bars of the enclosure. Both have
text: Nick, Maya, Sherman and mercenary team face a pair of
text: 9 control implants on their heads-
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: These things were on the island.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (shrugs) They seem to thrive
dialog: underground. Hard to track them
dialog: all down-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Were they bio-engineered?
text: Sherman flips down the plexiglas faceplate on his SAFETY
text: HELMET, takes three steps toward the enclosure-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Not to the extent the deinonychus
dialog: are, but they’re relatively
dialog: controllable. Chlymidosaurus
dialog: sputori- ‘chlymidosaurus' meaning
text: ‘frilled lizard’, and sputori
dialog: meaning-
text: One of the spitters raises its spiny mantle and hawks a plug.
text: of sticky BLACK MUCUS, CHHHHHOKKK! ---
text: -through the air where it sticks, SPLAT! to Sherman's
dialog: faceplate-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: -well, you get the idea. We've
dialog: trained these spitters with the
dialog: idea that there might be some tight
dialog: spaces we need access to-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (naming them) From now on they’re
dialog: Casper and Pollux.
text: Sherman wipes his faceplate clean, looks at the spitters-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Which is which?
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND MOCK-UP - ANOTHER DAY
text: various of the drug lair structures have been recreated in
text: the valley training area. The control Humvee waits by a
scene_heading: GUARD TOWER checkpoint-
dialog: 
dialog: .e
scene_heading: GUARD TOWER - JOYCE
text: Joyce, Zeiss and ANOTHR MERCENARY stand on top cf the tower,
text: Joyce watching the distance through binoculars-
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE
text: Nick, Sherman and Maya watch the monitors in the Humvee-—
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (over radio) Send them out.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - CHUTE
text: Casper and Pollux emerge from the CHUTE, followed by the five
text: deinonychus. All are fitted with body armor and shoulder—
dialog: mounted cameras-
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE
text: Nick speaks into his headset-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Squad forward to objective.
dialog: Maximum alert.
text: They watch the monitors as the animals head cautiously for
dialog: the trees-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You'd think that the big ones would
dialog: just eat the little ones.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: We threw a chlymidosaurus in with
dialog: the big boys early on. They’ve got
dialog: glands full of that toxin they
dialog: expectorate-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: The deinonychus were sick for days.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I bet the spitter wasn’t too
dialog: thrilled about it either.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: Casper and Pollux lead the squad, slightly spread out,
text: through the woods. Casper suddenly stops, HISSING, his spiny
text: MANTLE popping out-
text: He is standing a few inches from a TRIP WIRE, about a two
text: feet high, that runs from tree to tree-
text: The deinonychus carefully step over the wire as the spitters
text: furiously dig, quickly burrowing under it-
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE
text: The humans watch on the dino-cam monitors-
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: The squad has come to a spot where the trees thin out and we
text: can see a metal FENCE ahead, eight feet high, with CONCERTINA
text: WIRE on the top edge-
text: They slow, the bigger deinonychus stepping to the fore-
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (over radio) Alright, direct entry
text: this time. Flying wedge.
text: We see some rearranging of their positions on the monitors-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Go!
speaker_heading: MONITORS
text: On two of the monitors we see the POV as the bearer rushes
text: toward the fence-
scene_heading: EXT. TREES
text: Spartacus and Hector are sprinting full tilt toward the fence
text: as the others trot behind them. WHAM! they leap in unison
text: and hit the fence with both hindlegs extended, flattening a
text: ten-foot section and making a breech! The others pour
text: through and all spread out into the mock-up compound-
dialog: 
dialog: gl.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - TOWER
text: Joyce brings his binoculars down-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Here they come!
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE - MONITOR
text: On one of the SPITTER'S MONITORS we see a somewhat
text: camouflaged MACHINE GUN BUNKER up ahead. The spitter dives
dialog: in-
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BARRACKS
text: We FOLLOW as Orestes and Perseus bust into a long BARRACKS
text: BUILDING, tossing furniture and NARCO DUMMIES as they hustle
dialog: from one end to the other-
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD
text: Achilles bursts into the courtyard where the guard tower and
text: Humvee sit, immediately WHAM! charging to butt his head
text: against the base of the tower, knocking it off center!
speaker_heading: HUMVEE
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He’s supposed to climb that, not
dialog: knock it over-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: It’s Achilles--
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Shut him down!
speaker_heading: TOWER
text: WHAM! another charging head-butt and the tower is at a forty-
text: five degree angle, wood beginning to CRACK and give way-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Shut him off! Shut him off!
dialog: ®
text: Achilles takes another running start, this time jumping on
text: the side of the tower, his weight bringing it CRASHING to the
text: ground! The men roll out of the crow’s nest, the mercenary
text: coming up FIRING, Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap! but Achilles sileces
text: him with a deadly downward swipe of his sickle-claew!
speaker_heading: HUMVEE
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: off! Shut them off, all of them!
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: I have! They should be
dialog: unconscious!
text: WHAM! Achilles hits the Humvee broadside with his head and
text: they are rolled upside down! Nick tries to clear his pistol
dialog: as Sherman freaks-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Oh please don’t eat me don’t eat me
dialog: don't eat me!
text: Quiet. Very quiet. Then a face appears at the passenger-
text: side window, Nick whipping his gun around-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Easy. He‘s down.
speaker_heading: ACHILLES
text: The deinonychus lies on his side, breathing shallowly, a
text: glazed look on his eyes, as Nick, Maya and Joyce approach.
text: Sherman sits on the side of the flipped Humvee behind them,
text: shaking uncontrollably-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: A berserker. We've had problems
dialog: with him before.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I think he knew exactly what he was
dialog: doing.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: The response time on all of them
dialog: keeps getting longer-
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: They're not machines! You can't
dialog: just point your finger and expect
dialog: them to kill whoever you-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Bre you suggesting that they have a
dialog: conscience?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: It would be nice if someone around
dialog: here did.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: If you're not behind the program,
dialog: Maya, you can always~-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Quit? I’d be dead before I got
text: across the moat.
text: It’s out in the open now, Joyce and Maya glaring at each
text: other. Zeiss returns, rifle in hand-
speaker_heading: ZEISS
text: The others are all down, too.
dialog: Looks like they were just taking
dialog: care of business.
text: He gives Achilles a hard kick in the ribs-
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: It's just this son of a-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: He sees and hears everything you
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: Not for long.
text: Zeiss buts the barrel of the rifle to Achilles’ temple-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Belay that! We need to know what
dialog: went wrong here. (calls to
dialog: Sherman) I want a full work-up on
dialog: him and a report tomorrow morning.
dialog: We don’t have time for this!
text: Maya is looking down at the BODY of the slain mercenary-
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (shrugs) Accidents happen.
text: He steps close her, menacing-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Which is why we must all be very
dialog: careful.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - EVENING
text: The courtyard is lit up with TORCHES. Baron von Drax is
text: engaging in some target practice- shooting bolts from an
text: ancient CROSSBOW across the courtyard to SHATTER porcelain
text: VASES that have been set up in a row. Joyce looks on as
text: Kroner reloads the crossbow after every shot-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick steps out from the base of the tower just as SMASH! a
text: vase is shattered only a few feet from him. Zeiss stands
text: behind him, armed-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Nice shot.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: I am an expert with several archaic
dialog: weapons.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Very useful, if you run into some
dialog: archaic enemies.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: And what about you, Mr. Harris- are
dialog: you a friend or an enemy?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: An employee. (nods to Zeiss) He
dialog: says you wanted to see me.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: (indicates) Would you mind placing
dialog: another vase on the stand for me?
text: Nick picks up a vase from the ground-
speaker_heading: S
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: These look expensive.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Priceless. But I’m tired of them.
text: Nick reaches to put the vase on the target stand- SMASH! von
text: Drax shoots it out of his hand! Nick looks at his hand, cut
text: and bleeding, then calmly turns to face the Baron-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: As I am tired of waiting for you to
dialog: return our property.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We don’t really have a deal, do we?
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Your payment-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: My payment isn’t much good unless
dialog: I’m free to spend it.
text: von Drax points the reloaded crossbow at Nick’s head-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: You wish to leave us?
text: Nick walks slowly across the courtyard, straight at von Drax.
text: Joyce watches his boss, tense, not sure the Baron won’t pull
dialog: the trigger-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (mutters) We need him-
text: Nick stops only a few feet away from the deadly crossbow. He
text: speaks softly-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're keeping Maya here. She
dialog: wants to go.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Miss Lundberg is not one of our
dialog: more enthusiastic employees, no,
dialog: but it wouldn’t be prudent to-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You let her leave, no strings, no
dialog: repercussions, and I tell you where
dialog: I left the aerosol can.
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: If she talks about what we‘re doing
dialog: here-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: After the demonstration you'll be
dialog: begging for publicity. The whole
dialog: point of a strike force like this
dialog: one is to intimidate the people who
dialog: don‘t have one.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: And if we let her go then, you’ll
dialog: stay with the program?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Like you said- it’s what I was
dialog: meant to do.
text: Von Drax smiles, shifts the aim of the crossbow ever so
text: slightly and FIRES it past Nick’s ear. SMASH!
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: We have an agreement. Now- where
dialog: are the embryos?
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON - ANKYLOSAURUS
text: WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! The ankylosaurus methodically
text: smashes his tail into the dungeon wall, a pile of stone and
dialog: mortar at its feet-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick watches the great armored beast, thinking. Maya joins
text: him, watches for a moment-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (nods to ankylosaurus) I know how
dialog: he feels.
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: They're talking to each other.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN - ISOLATION CAGE
text: We see Achilles pacing in a steel-reinforced ISOLATION CAGE.
text: He makes a high-pitched CALL, and is answered by several of
text: the other deinonychus, their CALLS echoing from another part
dialog: of the cavern-
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: oS MAYA (0.S.)
dialog: they've been going at it for hours.
scene_heading: OBSERVATION BOOTH - NICK AND MAYA
text: Nick and Maya look in from the booth. Achilles CALLS again-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: He’s telling them about his escape
dialog: attempt. Like any other good
dialog: prisoner. We used a tapping code.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Do you think all that was planned
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Somebody has to test the envelope,
dialog: see how far you can get-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What Sherman did today would have
dialog: killed this animal a month ago.
dialog: e@ Their brains must be developing new
text: x pathways, rearranging circuitry
dialog: like people do after a stroke-
text: RRRRRRRRAGHHHHHH! Achilles screams, staring defiantly at the
dialog: two of them-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I told them where the embryos were.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (horrified) Nick, no! Why would
dialog: you-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: As soon as this demonstration is
dialog: over, no matter how it goes, you're
dialog: free to walk.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: And you trust them?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No. But I’ll work for them.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: How can you say that?
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (shrugs) Mercenaries have existed
text: all through history, like weapons.
dialog: The only question is who's using
dialog: them and what for.
text: Maya looks at him for a long moment, glances up-
scene_heading: MAYA'S POV - SURVEILLANCE CAMERA
text: A wide-lens SECURITY CAMERA stares down at them-
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Maya leans forward and kisses Nick. She breaks off the kiss,
text: leans her lips close to his ear, WHISPERS—
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Who do you think had that little
dialog: girl kidnapped?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: We see into Nick’s eyes as he realizes the nature of the
dialog: devil he’s just made a deal with-
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ROOM - NIGHT
text: A SECURITY GUARD writes down his observations as he watches
text: Nick and Maya on one of many SURVEILLANCE MONITORS on his
dialog: desk-
scene_heading: INT. RODRIGO’S BAR/KITCHEN - DAY
text: Three tough-looking GUYS in shades enter the near-empty bar.
text: They head straight for the back room, the BARTENDER calling
dialog: out-
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: ¢En qué puedo servirles, sefores?
text: We FOLLOW them into the KITCHEN. The same Old Man is
text: shucking oysters. He barely looks up as the three enter-
speaker_heading: TOUGH GUY
dialog: éEl congelador?
dialog: 99.
text: The Old Man points with his knife. They go to the freezer,
dialog: epen it-
speaker_heading: POV - FREEZER
text: Nestled among the chilling cervezas is the same AEROSOL CAN
text: Nick dug up on Isla Nublar. The heed Tough Guy lifts it up
text: to his face, gives it a twist- the top pops up to reveal a
text: CHAMBER in which lie several METAL TUBES-
speaker_heading: TOUGH GUY
dialog: Eso es.
dialog: (This is it.)
dialog: Or is it?
speaker_heading: BAR
text: The thugs hurry out of the bar with their prize. The man in
text: the foreground who was passed out with his face on the bar
text: counter raises his head to watch them go. It is OVERTON-
scene_heading: INT. JUNGLE CLEARING - DAY
text: Nick waits at the edge of a CLEARING in the JUNGLE, his ATV
text: parked on a narrow LOGGING ROAD behind him-
text: He looks at his watch, then at the sky-
text: We hear the DRONE of AIRPLANES-
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE VILLAGE
text: A small VILLAGE with a RIVER on one side and the JUNGLE WALL
dialog: on the other-
text: A half-dozen MILITARY VEHICLES of various sorts are parked in
text: the center of the village, MERCENARIES waiting around for
dialog: orders-—
scene_heading: INT. HQ BUILDING
text: Inside the biggest structure a COMMAND HEADQUARTERS has been
text: set up. A bank of DINO-CAM MONITORS takes up one wall,
text: manned by a pair of GRENDEL TECHNICIANS-
dialog: 100.
text: REPRESENTATIVES, some in military unifcrm, some not, from
text: Asia, Europe, Africa, Latin America, and Russia mill around,
dialog: waiting for the show to start-
text: Joyce stands nervously looking at his watch, as Baron von
text: Drax chats in German with a uniformed COLONEL nearby,
text: presenting him with a HALBERD from his collection-
text: The Colonel poses for a SNAPSHOT with the weapon-
text: Sherman checks his BIO-METERS as Maya sits nearby glumly
dialog: regarding the scene-
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: We‘ve got them!
text: Hub-bub in many languages as the spectators cross to watch
text: the monitors. Joyce acts as master of ceremonies-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Though the objective is not a great
dialog: distance from here, we felt that
dialog: any demonstration of our special
dialog: capabilities should include an
dialog: aerial insertion-
speaker_heading: MONITORS
text: On most of the monitors we see images too dark or fuzzy to
text: interpret. Suddenly, on one, we see the CARGO DOOR ofa
text: TRANSPORT aircraft slide open and the camera is launched into
text: open air as its bearer jumps out! ANOTHER and ANOTHER of the
text: monitors show the same image, open SKY, then bits of the
speaker_heading: JUNGLE below-
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN OBSERVER
dialog: What is big deal? Dropping weapons
dialog: from plane-
text: A collective GASP as on one monitor Orestes, suspended from a
text: PARACHUTE, swings into frame!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (smug) That, gentlemen, is the big
dialog: deal.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING - SKY
text: The sky is full of PARACHUTES floating earthward with
dialog: dinosaurs hanging from them-
dialog: 
dialog: 101.
text: We TILT to Nick, who shakes his head in amazement, then
text: speaks into his headset-
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Squad form and proceed to target.
dialog: You’re on your own, fellas.
text: He gets onto the ATV, shoots a last look at the sky, then
text: motors away down the logging road-
speaker_heading: SKY - SPARTACUS
text: We drift down, shooting past Spartacus toward the clearing
text: from under the canopy of the chute. His powerful legs easily
dialog: take up the shock of landing-
text: POP! the BUCKLES on his chute HARNESS separate with a small
text: explosion and the harness falls away, Spartacus stepping away
text: from it. We see other squad members making similar landings
dialog: in the BG-
scene_heading: INT. HQ BUILDING
text: The spectators are amazed as they watch—
speaker_heading: MONITOR
text: Captured on another creature's camera, we see CASPER hang up
text: in a tree at the edge of the clearing, chute snagged on
dialog: branches—
speaker_heading: JOYCE (0.S.)
dialog: I must inform you that this is the
dialog: first jump our operatives have
dialog: undertaken-
text: POP! the harness releases and Casper falls a few feet before
text: snatching a branch with his tail, then swinging to grab the
text: trunk of the tree before shinnying down quick as a squirrel-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: But as you see, they are somewhat
dialog: more resilient than conventional
dialog: forces.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING
text: The squad quickly melt into the jungle at the far side of the
dialog: clearing-
dialog: @
dialog: 9
dialog: 9
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE VILLAGE
text: Nick pulls up in the ATV, hurries into the HQ building-
scene_heading: INT. HQ BUILDING
text: Nick crosses to Joyce, glancing at the dino-cam images of
dialog: jungle being traversed-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I thought we‘d lose at least one.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How do the bio readouts look?
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (watching meters) The heart-rates
dialog: went through the roof when we
text: dumped them out of the plane, but
dialog: they’re back in predator mode
dialog: already.
text: Nick is distracted as he sees a half-dozen narco-looking
text: CHARACTERS watching one of the monitors-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Those are the gentlemen who hired
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: They look just like the bunch we’re
text: trying to take out.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: A rival group. They've made a deal
dialog: with the government, and their end
dialog: of it starts with eliminating Pepe
dialog: Aguilar.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We’re working for drug-runners?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (shrugs) An unproven product, the
dialog: need for a great deal of discretion-
dialog: and they were the highest bidders.
text: Nick scowls as Joyce waves somebody over-
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: All the major players have sent
dialog: somebody to observe- you know Andy
dialog: Slade-
text: SLADE, a hard-looking American, nods to Nick-
speaker_heading: SLADE
dialog: Harris. I think it was at a
dialog: checkpoint on the Turkish border-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You still in?
speaker_heading: SLADE
text: Consulting. (nods towards
dialog: monitors) These things know what
dialog: they’re doing?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Only too well.
scene_heading: TRACKING SCREEN
text: BLINKING RED DOTS move across the screen toward a rectangular
dialog: swatch of GREEN-
scene_heading: TRACKING TECHNICIAN
text: Approaching outer perimeter!
text: The Tracking Technician points to an eighth blinking dot, way
dialog: behind the others-
scene_heading: TRACKING TECHNICIAN
dialog: This one’s still lagging-
speaker_heading: ZEISS
text: Zeiss enters, crosses rapidly to the Baron, whispers
text: something. The Baron‘s face reddens, he signals Joyce to
dialog: come over-
text: We meet Joyce as he joins the Baron-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: ZEISS
text: The aerosol can has arrived in
dialog: Draxburg.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Excellent!
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
text: Dr. Wetzel has analyzed the DNA.
text: He saw it right away.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Saw what?
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Hoptoads! He gives us genes from
dialog: hoptoads!
text: Joyce looks over at Nick, furious-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (to Zeiss) Stay with Harris and
text: the woman. The slightest sign of
dialog: sabotage or escape and you kill
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: (smiles) My pleasure.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: The raptors move rapidly through thick jungle. Spartacus, in
text: the lead, stops to sniff the air. The others freeze behind
dialog: him, alert-
text: Spartacus makes a low GRUNT and Casper and Pollux move
text: forward. The others follow the two spitters, more slowly now-
speaker_heading: POLLUX
text: The spitter slinks with his belly close to the ground, head
text: low, barely disturbing the underbrush. Suddenly he pops his
text: head up and CHLLLLLLOK! spits-
text: _-we WHIP PAN as SPLAT! the black MUCUS GOB hits the lens of a
text: SURVEILLANCE CAMERA mounted in a tree-
scene_heading: INT. NARCO COMPOUND - SURVEILLANCE ROOM
text: Two OUTER PERIMETER SCREENS are suddenly BLACK on the
text: surveillance CONSOLE. A NARCO-GUARD stands looking over the
text: shoulder of the baffled DESK MAN-
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: NARCO-GUARD
dialog: Qué pasdé?
dialog: (What happened?)
speaker_heading: DESK MAN
dialog: Acabamos de perder el imagen-
dialog: (We just lost the image-)
speaker_heading: NARCO-GUARD
dialog: Viste algo?
dialog: (Did you see anything?)
speaker_heading: DESK MAN
dialog: Creo que viera un legarto.
dialog: (I think I saw a lizard.)
speaker_heading: NARCO-GUARD
dialog: Un legarto?
dialog: (A lizard?)
text: The Desk Man spreads his arms to indicate size-
speaker_heading: DESK MAN
dialog: Un legarto grandote.
dialog: (A really big lizard.)
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE
text: A PERIMETER GUARD is out walking sentry at the edge of the
text: jungle, pacing, listening. He stops by a tree, pulls out a
text: cigarette, lights it- suddenly a SPITTER swings down inches
text: from his face, hanging upside-down from a branch by its tail,
text: and SNAP! grabs the startled man’s face in its jaws!
text: Several of the deinonychus pass the grisly scene, hopping
text: like kangaroos over a two-foot-high TRIP WIRE strung between
dialog: the trees-
scene_heading: ANOTHER AREA - JUNGLE
text: A loose shot as a SQUAD of NARCO GUARDS pass, automatic
text: weapons ready, searching the trees all around them. Their
text: SQUAD LEADER is talking softly into a cell phone-
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: No hay huellas de nadie. Veremos
dialog: las cdmaras- la humedad no las
dialog: sirve.
dialog: (There‘s no sign of anybody. We‘1ll
dialog: check the cameras- the humidity is
dialog: tough on them.)
dialog: 106.
text: We let the squad exit frame, HOLD a beat, then Spartacus and
text: Perseus seem to MATERIALIZE from the jungle before our eyes,
text: their chameleon-like camouflage and ability to freeze still
text: so effective that we were staring at them all the while.
text: They move off in the opposite direction-
scene_heading: INT. MACHINE-GUN BUNKER
text: Two MACHINE-GUNNERS peer out at the jungle through camo-
text: netting, crouched behind their MACHINE GUN in a dirt-floored
dialog: bunker, listening hard-
scene_heading: MACHINE-GUNNER
dialog: Juro que puedo oir algo- o mejor,
dialog: sentir algo- (I swear I can hear
dialog: something- or sense something-)
text: FWOOOOOSH! Casper bursts up from the floor behind them, DIRT
text: FLYING! As they whirl he HISSES, his spiny MANTLE POPPING
speaker_heading: OUT-
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS
text: We're in the main BARRACKS for the NARCO-SOLDIERS, which
text: looks not unlike a jock dorm at a large university- posters
text: of babes on the walls, guys lounging around in their
text: underwear, smoking, reading magazines, watching a GAMERA
text: (giant Japanese turtle that emits flames from its butt when
text: it flies to the rescue) MOVIE on a BIG SCREEN TV-
text: WHAM! Orestes bursts in the front entrance!
text: WHAM! Achilles bursts in the rear entrance!
text: BEDLAM as the deinonychus charge in from opposite ends,
text: slashing, tearing, chomping at the SCREAMING, terror-stricken
dialog: narcos!
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - TOWER
text: Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap! A MACHINE GUN opens up on the main
text: TOWER as Spartacus and Orestes streak into the compound!
text: Hector scrambles up the side of the tower and CHOMP! deals
dialog: with the SENTRY!
speaker_heading: DRUG LAB
text: A half-dozen NARCOS come running out of the long, rectangular
text: DRUG LAB, BLASTING away with their weapons as Spartacus
text: charges straight at them, rounds smacking into his body armor-
dialog: 
dialog: @
dialog: &
dialog: ©
dialog: 107.
text: POUNCE! Orestes leaps on top of the men from the ROOF behind
text: them, flattening a pair and then tearing into the others-
scene_heading: INT. CACUZZI ROOM
text: PEPE AGUILAR, wearing nothing but a lot of gold chains, kicks
text: back in his enormous JACUZZI, water-jets churning away, with
text: a pifia colada in hand and SALSA MUSIC on the stereo. He
text: locks up, surprised to be interrupted, as a BODYGUARD husties
dialog: in-
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Nos atacamos!
dialog: (We're being attacked! )
speaker_heading: PEPE AGUILAR
dialog: De quién?
dialog: (By who?)
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: (panicked) Dinosaurios!
dialog: (Dinosaurs! )
text: Pepe starts to LAUGH-
speaker_heading: PEPE AGUILAR
dialog: Ha sido probando el producto otra
dialog: vez! Aqui preparamos las drogas,
dialog: no las tomamos!
dialog: (You've been sampling the product
dialog: again! We make drugs here- we
dialog: don’t take them!)
text: The Bodyguard lays an Uzi at the edge of the jacuzzi and
dialog: hurries away-
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Le dejo esto!
dialog: (I'll leave this for you!)
text: We HOLD on Pepe, shaking his head-
speaker_heading: PEPE AGUILAR
dialog: Guardaespaldas pendejos!
dialog: (Idiot bodyguards! )
text: He takes a drink, closes his eyes and sinks back into the
scene_heading: CHURNING WATER-
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - PRISONER CORRAL
text: All around we hear sporadic GUNFIRE and human SCREAMS as
text: Spartacus kills the GUARD in front of a fenced-in area, then
text: CLANG! tears the gate off its hinges-
text: A couple dozen PRISONERS, kidnapped by the narcos, cower
text: against the back fence as Spartacus steps in, ROARS, then
text: lowers his head to sniff at the petrified occupants-
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Se acabo! Se acabo el mundo.
dialog: (It’s the end! It’s the end of the
dialog: world.)
text: Spartacus straightens, ROARS again, and exits. A few of the
text: prisoners fall of their knees to give thanks for their
dialog: salvation-
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
text: GUNFIRE and SCREAMS continue as we FOLLOW a trio of narcos
text: who jump into an SUV and patch out, swerving to avoid
text: Orestes, who is busy demolishing a GUARDHOUSE-
text: The SUV hurtles toward the exit gate, but-
text: The ANKYLOSAURUS, last to arrive, is just coming in, its huge
text: armored body filling the opening!
text: The driver slams on the brakes, throwing the SUV into a
text: sideways skid, DUST billowing up, till SMASH! it hits the
text: ankylosaurus and flips over its back, landing behind it on
dialog: its side!
text: WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! The beast instinctively begins to smash
text: the metal attacker flat with the club on its powerful tail-
scene_heading: INT. DRUG LAB
text: Hector charges through the long DRUG LAB, chasing terrified
text: WORKERS before him, APPARATUS smashing all around as he
text: rampages through and over the tables, leaving WHITE POWDER
text: flying, sizzling CHEMICAL SPILLS and a spreading FIRE in his
dialog: wake-
scene_heading: INT. HQ BUILDING
text: The narcos who have hired Grendel are dismayed as they see
text: the lab trashed on HECTOR’S MONITOR-
speaker_heading: HEAD NARCO
dialog: This wasn’t our deal! What is it
dialog: doing?!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's his problem?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They were hoping to be able to- to
dialog: recycle most of the drugs and
text: equipment in there.
text: Nick catches Maya shooting him an ‘I told you so’ look-
scene_heading: TRACKING SCREEN
text: The blinking dots have congregated in one small area-
scene_heading: TRACKING TECHNICIAN
dialog: They’‘re inside Pepe's mansion now!
scene_heading: INT. PEPE’S MANSION - PORTRAIT
text: A PORTRAIT of Pepe, dressed slick and leaning on a red
text: Porshe, hangs on the wall- SPLAT! ssssssssss! A plug of
text: SPITTER MUCUS hits the portrait and bubbles, the acid in it
text: burning the canvas-—
text: -we PAN to the HALLWAY, decorated in very expensive, very bad
text: taste, where the BODYGUARD sprints past FIRING the occasional
text: shot behind as Casper chases after him! He ducks around the
text: corner- we hear a ROAR and a SCREAM and then Orestes trots
text: from around the corner with the Bodyguard, still struggling,
dialog: in his jaws!
scene_heading: LOBBY - STAIRCASE
text: TROPICAL PLANTS adorn the ostentatious LOBBY that leads toa
text: curving marble STAIRCASE. A pair of NARCOS come running down
text: the staircase, one tripping and sprawling down end-over-end
text: and the other gaining the ground floor and running straight
dialog: at us but-
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 110.
text: Perseus appears above him, leaping over the bannister and
text: landing with both feet THUMP! right on top of the man!
scene_heading: INT. JACUZZI ROOM
text: Pepe, hearing the SCREAMS and GUNFIRE outside, now has the
text: Uzi in hand and a worried look on his face. BAM! BAM! BAM!
text: Something is battering the vault door that protects him-
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: A FIRE has started further down the hallway, SMOKE starting
text: to billow as the ankylosaurus pounds the VAULT DOOR again and
text: again with his tail, the wall around the door starting to
text: CRUMBLE- the smoke envelops the beast just as CRASH! the
text: whole section of wall and door fall inward!
scene_heading: INT. JACUZZI ROOM
text: Pepe stands in the middle of the still-churning jacuzzi doing
text: his Scarface routine, Uzi pointed and ready, trying to see
dialog: through the smoke-
speaker_heading: PEPE AGUILAR
dialog: Bueno- quieres jugar?
dialog: (Come on- you want to play?)
text: Suddenly the two spitters leap through the smoke, mantles
text: puffed out, SHREIKING and land SPLASH! SPLASH! smack in the
dialog: jacuzzi with Pepe!
text: We hear SCREAMING, SPLASHING, SNARLING as BLOOD sprays on the
text: fluffy white towels hanging on the wall-
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE VILLAGE
text: Joyce leads the OBSERVERS out to their waiting vehicles-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: We'll head over while they’re
dialog: mopping up and you can get a closer
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN OBSERVER
dialog: This is safe?
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: If we can turn them on, I assure
dialog: you we can turn them off.
dialog: @
dialog: fe
dialog: lll.
text: They pass and Nick and Maya exit. Zeiss is waiting by a
text: vehicle, pointing his PISTOL at Nick's head-
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: You two are coming with me.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Our deal was-
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: Just get in!
scene_heading: EXT/INT. DRUG COMPOUND - VARIOUS SHOTS
text: Quiet. The place looks bombed-out—
text: Toppled TOWERS-
dialog: Burning BUILDINGS-
text: The trashed, burning interior of the LAB-
text: BODIES and furniture strewn around in the BARRACKS. On the
text: huge TV, lying on its side now, Gamera is saving small
dialog: Japanese children-
text: The ANKYLOSAURUS is peacefully grazing on the tropical
text: foliage in the LOBBY of Pepe's mansion, BLOOD SMEARS on the
dialog: white marble floor and staircase-
text: BLOOD fills the still churning JACUZZI-
text: The kidnapped PRISONERS cautiously step out from their
dialog: enclosure for a look-
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
text: The squad, all present except the ankylosaurus, regroups in
text: courtyard. Achilles is badly wounded, BLOOD covering his
text: throat and staining his body armor. Spartacus approaches him
text: slowly, and CRACK! lashes out with a front claw to smash the
text: shoulder-mounted camera! He reaches up and grasps the
text: CONTROL-IMPLANT with his dextrous claws and RIPS it from
dialog: Achilles’ ear!
scene_heading: EXT. LOGGING ROAD
text: B CONVOY of vehicles, the CONTROL WAGON in the lead, moves
text: down the narrow dirt road through the jungle-
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL WAGON
text: Joyce and Sherman watch, incredulous, as the other raptors
text: foliow suit, SMASHING each other’s cameras, one dashboard
text: monitor after enother going BLACK!
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Deactivate! I want them out of
dialog: commission when we get there!
scene_heading: EXT. DRUG COMPOUND
text: The raptors, with their cameras and implants all destroyed,
text: head out through the front gate, stepping over the flipped,
dialog: battered SUV-
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL WAGON
text: Sherman watches the TRACKING SCREEN in the vehicle with
dialog: mounting alarm-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: They're still moving-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: I don’t know!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Where are they going?
text: Sherman watches the BLINKING RED DOTS for a moment. He gives
text: Joyce a scared look-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
text: Toward us.
scene_heading: INT. VEHICLE - NICK AND MAYA
text: Zeiss has the pistol casually pointed toward Nick as he
text: drives, Maya in the back seat-
dialog: 113.
dialog: ®
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: Did you think you could fool us
dialog: with the frogs?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I figured once I had the can
dialog: somebody was going to come after
dialog: me. Setting up a decoy was just a
dialog: way to buy time.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ZEISS
dialog: Your boyfriend gave us the wrong
dialog: can of genes.
text: Maya looks to Nick, thrilled to hear this-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You- ?
text: Zeiss looks up ahead-
speaker_heading: ® ZEISS
dialog: Why are we stopping?
speaker_heading: CONVOY
text: Joyce is out front, looking ahead down the narrow logging
text: road, worried. Kroner, driving, sticks his head out of the
dialog: Control Wagon-
speaker_heading: KRONER
text: It’s too narrow to turn around.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Well we can’t back up all the way
dialog: to the village!
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (calls from inside wagon) They're
text: a quarter mile away and coming
dialog: fast!
text: DRIVERS and OBSERVERS are popping out of their vehicles now
text: to see what the holdup is. The Baron calls, impatient—
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Why do we wait?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: There's a problem on the road
dialog: ahead.
speaker_heading: VON DPAX
dialog: What could be the pr- (sees) Mein
dialog: Gott in Himmel!
text: We WHIP PAN to see the squad of raptors tearing down the road
dialog: toward the convoy!
text: Everyone jumps back into their vehicles and there is a
text: desperate automotive scramble as they all try to turn around
text: and speed away at once, resulting in something like a
text: demolition derby, vehicles SMASHING into each other and into
text: trees, getting stuck in the muck alongside the road and then-
text: RRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAWWWWWWWGH! Spartacus and his squad hit the
text: convoy like a tidal wave, butting, slashing, kicking,
text: knocking the small vehicles over and stomping on the larger
dialog: ones-
text: One MERCENARY is plucked clean off his MOTORCYCLE by Hector,
text: while another dodges away, only to have Pollux leap onto the
text: back of it and wrap his arms around the MOTORCYCLIST. The
text: guy glances back to see who is hitchhiking, SCREAMS as the
text: spitter opens its jaws!
text: The NARCOS’ CAR, one tire slashed and bumping, and the
text: MERCEDES carrying the Baron manage to turn and speed away-
text: In Nick's car SMASH! a deinonychus foot busts through the
text: windshield, sickle-claw pinning Zeiss to his seat! Nick and
text: Maya bail out their doors-
text: Orestes and Perseus pursue a half-dozen OBSERVERS into the
text: jungle. WHUMP! Slade, thoroughly chewed-upon, falls from
text: above and lands hard on top of an suv!
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES
text: Baron von Drax looks over his DRIVER’s shoulder. The narco
text: car ahead is fishtailing, unable to make speed and hold the
dialog: road with the front tire blown-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Schnell! Schnell!
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: It's in our way!
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Then push it out of the way!
text: The Driver mashes the gas pedal-
speaker_heading: LOGGING ROAD
text: The vehicles blast towards us, the Mercedes catching the tail
text: of the narco car and WHAM! knocking it sideways to head-on
text: against a roadside tree! One narco flies over us through the
text: windshield and the Mercedes blows by. Achilles peels off to
text: attack the remaining narcos as they stagger out of the wreck
text: and Spartacus continues after the Baron’s ride-
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES
dialog: The Baron is terrified-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: We don’t stop at the village, we go
dialog: straight to the helicopter!
text: THUMP! Something heavy rocks the car from above-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Was iss loess?
text: CRUNCH! CLAWS punch through the roof above the driver's
text: head! RIP! The roof is pulled open like the lid of a
text: sardine can! The Driver loses control, the Mercedes slewing
text: sideways and SMASH! coming to rest on its side in the trees!
text: Baron von Drax climbs out of the totalled Mercedes over the
dialog: dead body of the Driver-
text: He stands, turns-- Spartacus towers over him, ROARING-
speaker_heading: VON DRAX
dialog: Nein! Nein! Du bist mein kind!
text: But Spartacus is not moved by this profession of kinship and
text: IMPALES von Drax with a thrust of his sickle-claw!
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
text: Sherman, one lens knocked out of his glasses and bleeding
text: from the scalp, clumsily but hastily climbs a tree-
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONVOY
text: smashed and upended vehicles litter the logging road. Quiet
dialog: now.
text: Maya crawls out from under 4 trashed Humvee, right into the
dialog: legs of-
text: -Joyce. Claw-marks and blood on his chest, pistol in his
text: hand, still a little stunned-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They didn’t stop. No insulin, no
dialog: adrenaline-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Willpower.
text: Joyce turns his attention to her, points his pistol-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They'll be back, you know.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Probably.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: No reason to think they won’t kill
dialog: you, too.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: No reason.
text: He brings the pistol very close, aiming right between her
dialog: eyes-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I'll save them the trouble-
text: WHOOOMP! Nick flies out of nowhere, tackling Joyce, and
text: BLAM! the pistol going off as they hit the ground!
text: They roll, trading punches, struggling to strangle each
text: other, the pistol left on the ground-
text: Joyce kicks Nick off him, rolls to his knees, looks about-
text: The HALBERD von Drax gave to the Colonel lies on the ground
dialog: just beside him!
text: Joyce comes up with the halberd and SWISH! SWISH! swings it
text: expertly, tauntingly at Nick, backing him up toward the trees-—
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I was wrong about you, Nick. Tf
dialog: thought you were smart. I thought
dialog: they‘d baked all the idealism out
dialog: of your skull in that POW camp.
text: SWISH! He takes a mighty swing, Wick just able to duck under
dialog: it-
text: Maya pounces on the discarded PISTOL, aims, pulls the trigger-
text: Out of ammo.
text: Joyce swings, slicing Nick across the shoulder, Nick backing
text: up warily, BLEEDING—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: How did you do it, Nick? How did
dialog: you sabotage this?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: They did it on their own. They
dialog: watched and waited-
text: Joyce makes a rush and Nick falls backwards over a root. He
text: is helpless at Joyce's feet, Joyce with the halberd raised
text: over his head like a woodsman about to chop-
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They're animals, Nick. Throw them
dialog: a bone and they'll do what you want—
text: He hears a METAL SOUND as something behind him steps on car
text: debris, whirls and THUNK! buries the halberd blade into the
text: armored chest of Achilles, tottering above him!
text: Achilles ROARS, grabs the halberd shaft and yanks it out of
text: his armor. He drops it and lunges for Joyce!
text: Nick scrambles away on his hands and knees as we hear Joyce
text: SCREAMING as he’s torn to bits-
text: Achilles drops Joyce's body to the ground, turns to step
dialog: toward Nick-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Achilles, no! Stop.
text: BLOOD is pumping out of the WOUND in the raptor’s neck, his
text: eyes swimming in and out of focus, his blood sugar all used
text: up. He turns to look at Maya, tilting his head, trying to
dialog: understand-
text: He takes another step then FALLS like tall timber-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Nick!
text: Maya starts toward him but is cut off by Casper, the spitter
text: darting in front of her, HISSING and DISPLAYING-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Don’t move!
text: Spartacus and the others come out of the trees, ringing
text: around them. Spartacus sniffs Maya's body and face, Maya
text: standing absolutely still, looking him in the eye-
text: He steps away, rolls Achilles’ body over with his foot,
text: sniffs it, then Nick- and then straightens. He TRUMPETS in
text: triumph and trots off into the trees, the rest of the squad
dialog: following!
text: Maya runs to Nick, who is examining his bleeding shoulder-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: First time I’ve been wounded with a
dialog: fifteenth century weapon. How far
dialog: you think they'll get without
dialog: insulin?
text: Maya looks into the jungle where the raptors disappeared-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Hard to say.
text: He puts his arm over her shoulder and they walk away from us,
text: back down the logging road’ toward the village-
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: So where are the embryos? The real
dialog: ones?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: My deal was with John Hammond.
dialog: What he does with them-- well,
dialog: let's hope it turns out better than
dialog: the last time.
dialog: 
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: SHERMAN —- TREE
text: DUSK is starting to fall. Birds CALL, INSECTS HUM. Sherman
dialog: Gecides it might be all clear-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: (calls below) Anybody left down
dialog: there? Hello?
dialog: No answer.
text: There is @ FLAPPING SOUND, 4 SHADOW passing over Sherman-
text: He looks up just as 4 huge PTEROSAUR lands in the tree
dialog: opposite him-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: You're not supposed to be here.
text: ANOTHER PTEROSAUR flaps down and settles into an even closer
text: branch. Then ANOTHER. All three stare at Sherman. He
text: starts to cautiously climb down-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Right. I‘ll just be going n-
text: SCRAAAWWWWWWK! The first pterosaur lets out a bone-chilling
text: noise, tiny rows of sharp teeth revealed as it opens its
dialog: beak! Sherman freezes-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Listen, there's a lot of bodies
dialog: just lying around down there---
dialog: Dead meat- num-num-num-
text: The first pterosaur spreads its wings, opens its razor-
text: toothed beak and steps along the branch toward Sherman-
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Nice birdy?
scene_heading: BERIAL SHOT - JUNGLE CANOPY
text: High above the jungle canopy, we hear a HUMAN SCREAM and the
text: SCREECH of PTEROSAURS!
scene_heading: CREDITS ROLL.
dialog: 
dialog: 
