dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
speaker_heading: JUST MERCY
dialog: written by
dialog: 08/31/18
dialog: 09/14/18
dialog: 10/08/18
speaker_heading: 10/17/18
dialog: 10/23/18
dialog: 04/25/19
dialog: (Green)
dialog: (Goldenrod)
dialog: (Buff)
dialog: (Salmon)
dialog: (Cherry)
dialog: (Tan Add'l Photog)
dialog: Destin Daniel Cretton & Andrew Lanham
dialog: based on the book by Bryan Stevenson
dialog: This script is the confidential and proprietary
dialog: property of Warner Bros. Pictures and no portion of
dialog: it may be performed, distributed, reproduced, used,
dialog: quoted or published without prior written permission.
dialog: Kiki Tree Pictures, Inc.
dialog: 4000 Warner Boulevard
dialog: Burbank, California 91522
speaker_heading: FULL YELLOW
dialog: August 29, 2018
dialog: © 2018
scene_heading: WARNER BROS. ENT.
dialog: All Rights Reserved
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 1.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE (ALABAMA) - DAY
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: JUNE 7, 1987
text: 3 SHOTS -- LOOKING UP AT a grove of pine trees, leaves
text: and limbs swaying in the breeze, backdropped by the
dialog: Alabama sky.
text: A lead weight tied to the end of a cord FLOATS into the
text: air, wraps around a high limb.
text: REVEAL: WALTER “JOHNNY D” McMILLIAN (40s, black) as he
text: PULLS on the cord to lift the rope up to the top of the
dialog: tree.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON THE ROPE
text: as he expertly ties a bowline knot and PULLS it up to the
text: treetop.
text: He hands the excess rope to his EMPLOYEE (30s, black).
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Let’s lay it down right here.
text: He looks up at the tree once more, respectfully. Then --
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - A CHAINSAW
text: cuts a notch into the side he wants the tree to fall.
text: Then he SAWS through from the other side.
text: The tree falls, CRASHING to the ground.
text: Walter CLICKS off his saw and looks up, taking a moment
text: to watch the trees dance in the wind. He takes a DEEP
text: BREATH -- at peace. Then looks over to his employee --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Alright, let’s chop and load!
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE (ALABAMA) /WALTER’S TRUCK - LATER
text: Walter chains down a load of logs in the back of his WORK
text: TRUCK, parked beside his personal LOWRIDER TRUCK. He
text: hops off the back, looks at his employee.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Meet you at the yard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As his employee starts the truck, Walter looks at the
text: house to see MR. ABNEY (50s, white) cooking something on
text: a BBQ.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Okay, Mr. Abney! Gimme a call if
dialog: you need anything else cleared
dialog: out!
text: Mr. Abney gives him a nod, nothing more. But Walter
text: doesn’t let this damper his mood.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. COUNTRY ROAD (ALABAMA) /WALTER’S TRUCK -
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Alabama farmland. TWO JOHN DEERE COTTON PICKERS move
text: through a field as Walter’s truck and trailer drive down
dialog: the road.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TRUCK
text: Walter bobs his head to MUSIC, hand out the window, wind
text: floating through fingers -- free as a bird.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD (ALABAMA) /ROADBLOCK - DAY
text: He notices something up ahead, slows to a stop to see --
text: SEVEN POLICE CARS block the road with 14 OFFICERS, guns
text: drawn and aimed at him. He TURNS down the MUSIC. Fear
text: ripples through him as --
text: SHERIFF TATE (late 30s, white) approaches the truck,
text: unsettling ease in his step.
text: Walter shows both hands as Tate reaches the window.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Afternoon, sir, need to see my
dialog: license?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: Oh, no, that won’t be necessary.
text: Tate seems almost friendly as he looks at the trailer of
text: logs, then over the truck, brand new rims on the wheels.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: Nice truck. These rims look
dialog: expensive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Oh, they ain’t much. Got ‘em from
text: a junkyard.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: (nods; subtle beat)
dialog: Who you workin’ for?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Run my own pulpin’ business.
dialog: (tries to keep it
dialog: light)
dialog: If y’all need any trees cleared,
dialog: happy to help you out.
text: Walter smiles, but it’s like Tate didn’t even hear him.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: No boss to check in with, huh?
dialog: Must be real nice. Free to roam
dialog: wherever you want in your fancy
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (beat; forces laugh)
dialog: Not if my wife got somethin’ to
dialog: say ‘bout it.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: I heard that ain’t stopped you
dialog: before.
dialog: (off Walter’s stare)
dialog: Ain’t that right, Johnny D?
text: Walter locks eyes with him -- how does he know his name?
text: He looks out the windshield to see 3 OFFICERS approaching
text: with guns aimed at his head. Tate leans in close.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: Wanna make a run for it? ‘Cause
dialog: after what you done, I’d welcome a
dialog: reason to do this right now.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Sir, y’all must be confusin’ me
dialog: with someone. I don’t know what
dialog: you think I done, but I was jus’ --
text: Tate abruptly throws open the door, grabs him by the
text: neck, violently pulls him outside and SLAMS him on the
text: hood. CAMERA PIVOTS, PUSHING IN ON his confusion and
text: pain, framed by metal and sky as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 4.
scene_heading: MONROE COUNTY NEWSCAST (DURING OPENING CREDITS):
text: -- A LOCAL MONTGOMERY REPORTER speaks to camera outside a
dialog: bustling courthouse --
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: We know Monroeville as the
dialog: peaceful town where Harper Lee
dialog: wrote To Kill A Mockingbird. But
dialog: last year, that peace was
text: shattered by a brutal crime...
text: -- A PHOTO OF RONDA MORRISON (18, white, girl next door)
text: displays beside him.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: On the 1st of November, 18-year-
dialog: old Ronda Morrison was found dead
dialog: at Jackson Cleaners, where she
dialog: worked as a part-time clerk.
dialog: Morrison had been strangled and
dialog: shot by Walter McMillian, known
dialog: locally as ‘Johnny D.’
text: -- A MUG SHOT of Walter “Johnny D” McMillian --
dialog: -- Sheriff Tate being interviewed on camera --
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: He’s got a history of sexual
dialog: misconduct among other things, so
dialog: it don’t surprise me he’d do
dialog: something like this. Guys like
dialog: that don’t stop unless you make
dialog: ‘em.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: After a trial that lasted a day
dialog: and a half, McMillian was
dialog: convicted by a jury who
dialog: recommended a life sentence.
scene_heading: -- JUDGE ROBERT E. LEE KEY (60s, white) enters the
dialog: courthouse.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: But today, Judge Robert E. Lee Key
dialog: overrode their decision and
dialog: sentenced McMillian to death.
text: -- ANN DAVIS (40s) speaks through tears, overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: %
speaker_heading: +H HK
speaker_heading: +H HH HF
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: +e * HF
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: *
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 4a.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANN DAVIS
dialog: She was always crackin’ jokes,
dialog: goin’ out of her way to make you
dialog: smile...
dialog: (gets emotional)
dialog: How can anyone kill a girl like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: DAVID WALKER
dialog: We're grateful to Sheriff Tate and
dialog: law enforcement for never givin’
dialog: up. We won’t get Ronda back, but
dialog: least that bastard won’t be able
dialog: to do it again.
text: -- The DAY OF WALTER'S ARREST. 2 OFFICERS and Sheriff
text: Tate drag a stunned Walter past the CAMERAS toward the
scene_heading: JAIL. (NOTE: THIS COULD BE A PHOTO.)
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: After almost a year of searching,
dialog: law enforcement arrested McMillian
dialog: due to the eyewitness testimony of
dialog: Ralph Myers, who was at the scene
text: when McMillian pulled the trigger.
scene_heading: -- The DAY OF WALTER’S TRIAL. RALPH MYERS (40s, white)
text: shuffles to the court in a prison jumpsuit. (NOTE: THIS
scene_heading: COULD BE A PHOTO.)
text: -- WALTER'S PULLED OUT OF THE COURTHOUSE and thrown into
text: the back of a TRANSPORT VAN in cuffs. A GROUP OF
text: REPORTERS and TOWNSPEOPLE (black and white) surround.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: We promised this community we'd
dialog: find ‘im and that’s what we did.
dialog: You do a crime like this in my
dialog: town, one way or another, you
dialog: gonna pay for it.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER (V.O.)
text: As McMillian awaits execution at
dialog: Holman Correctional Facility, a
dialog: grieving community can take some
dialog: solace in knowing that today,
text: justice has finally been served.
text: The doors SLAM shut on Walter, the NEWSCAST fades,
text: replaced by as we PUSH INTO a CLOSEUP that --
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: + HH HH
speaker_heading: + FHF HH HH HH HH HF
dialog: %
dialog: +e %
speaker_heading: +H HK
speaker_heading: +H HK
dialog: %
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 4B.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGIA STATE PRISON - VISITATION ROOM - DAY
text: Framed through the Plexiglas of a metal door, BRYAN
text: STEVENSON (early-20s), eyes that never stop thinking,
text: stands nervously in an old suit as a GUARD opens the
dialog: door.
text: He hesitates before entering the 20-foot room, stools
text: bolted to the floor, metal mesh for walls. It’s obvious
text: he’s not used to being in a place like this. As the door
dialog: SLAMS behind --
scene_heading: INT. GEORGIA STATE PRISON - VISITATION ROOM - DAY (TWENTY
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER)
text: Bryan sits, staring at a used notebook, WHISPERING his
text: introduction to himself, preparing for what’s ahead.
text: Then -- chains CLANGING from outside the door, the
text: HAUNTING SOUND increases with his anxiety until --
text: CLANK! The door opens and a GUARD walks in with the
text: prisoner, HENRY DAVIS. He looks about Bryan’s age,
text: black, and just as worried as he is. As Bryan looks at
text: him, he averts his gaze.
text: As the Guard UNLOCKS his chains, Bryan notices how
text: weighed down Henry is -- handcuffs on his wrists, chain
text: around his waist, shackles on his ankles.
text: Taking off the last shackle, the Guard looks up at Bryan.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You got one hour.
text: The door CLANGS shut behind the Guard. Bryan takes a
text: BREATH.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Hi, Mr. Davis. I’m Bryan.
text: Henry finally glances at him, nods.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Henry.
text: Bryan hesitates, nerves getting the better of him before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m here to, uh... sorry. I
dialog: mean...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t really have a lot of
dialog: information to tell you right now.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Something wrong with my case?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: No, no. It’s fine. It’s, uh --
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: The Southern Prisoners Defense
dialog: Committee sent me to tell you that
dialog: they don’t have a lawyer for you
dialog: yet, but they hope to soon.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: You not a lawyer?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Uh, no... I’m still in school, I'm
dialog: just interning here for the
dialog: summer.
text: Henry doesn’t hide his disappointment.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So, you can’t tell me nothin’
dialog: about my case?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Oh, um. I am supposed to tell you
dialog: that... you’re not at risk of
dialog: execution any time in the next
dialog: year.
text: Henry stares. Bryan can’t read his expression. Henry
text: puts his head down, lets out a long EXHALE, speaks
dialog: without looking up --
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can you say that again?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: You’re not at risk of execution
dialog: any time in the next year.
text: Henry takes a BREATH, slowly nods to himself. When he
text: finally looks up, he has tears in his eyes as he holds
text: his hand out.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Best news I’ve heard in a long
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (2)
text: Bryan grips his hand, surprised as he’s pulled in for a
dialog: hug.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Didn't want my wife and the kids
dialog: showin’ up if I had an execution
dialog: date comin’. Now they can come
dialog: visit.
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Bryan nods, more at ease. Henry looks at him curiously.
dialog: Pre-lap:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You the first person I met in two
dialog: years that ain’t a inmate or a
dialog: guard.
dialog: (off Bryan's
dialog: surprise)
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Twenty-four.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Me, too.
dialog: Their LAUGHTER takes us to --
scene_heading: INT. GEORGIA STATE PRISON - VISITATION ROOM - DAY
text: The two men sit, LAUGHING, mid-conversation --
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Serious, my ma made me join our
dialog: church choir when I was like four.
dialog: I was lead baritone all through
dialog: high school.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I used to play piano for my church
dialog: back home.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: A.M.E.?
dialog: (off Bryan’s nod;
dialog: playful)
dialog: God is good...
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (plays along)
dialog: All the time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: That cracks Henry up. They both know exactly what it’s
dialog: like to grow up in an African Methodist Episcopal church.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: Couple of A.M.E. choirboys hangin’
dialog: on death row. My mama’s gonna
dialog: trip.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, what school you at?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Harvard.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Seriously? You goin’ to Harvard?
dialog: That's white-boy-status, bro.
dialog: What the hell you doin’ slummin’
dialog: it in here for?
dialog: Bryan smiles, really considers before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m in law school because I want
dialog: to help people. But I haven’t
dialog: really found the best way to do
dialog: that yet.
dialog: (beat; considers)
dialog: Honestly, this internship has been
dialog: my best experience so far.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (beat; for real?)
dialog: Workin’ on death row is your best
dialog: experience? You need to get out
dialog: more, bro.
text: Bryan and Henry share a playful smile as Henry grows
dialog: somber.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Your mama must be real proud.
dialog: (looks off)
dialog: That’s the hardest part, knowin’
dialog: all the shit I put her through.
text: Before Bryan can respond -- CLANK. The Guard opens the
text: door, angry. He strides up to Henry, roughly CUFFS his
text: wrists behind his back.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (snarls to Bryan)
dialog: You should have been done two
dialog: hours ago.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, it was my fault.
dialog: I didn’t realize the time.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You're supposed to watch the
dialog: clock.
text: Henry WINCES in pain as the Guard SQUEEZES his cuffs and
text: YANKS him to a standing position. Bryan stands, more
text: distressed by this than Henry seems to be.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Hey! Stop that! He didn’t do
dialog: anything!
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You need to shut your mouth.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (off Bryan’s shock)
dialog: It's okay, Bryan.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don’t worry ‘bout me. Just come
dialog: back.
text: The officer tries to push him out, but Henry plants his
text: feet, leans back, strong and dignified. He closes his
text: eyes and begins to SING, his baritone voice strong and
dialog: clear.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’m pressing on, the upward way,/
dialog: New heights I’m gaining, every
dialog: day --
text: The Guard stops pushing for a moment, thrown off by the
dialog: song.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Still praying as, I’m onward
dialog: bound,/Lord, plant my feet on
dialog: higher ground.
text: Bryan stands frozen, Henry’s song stirring something in
text: him. The Guard resumes shoving Henry down the hall, but
text: he doesn’t stop SINGING, his voice ECHOING with his
speaker_heading: CLANKING chains --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: AQ
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 8
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Lord lift me up, and let me
dialog: stand,/By faith on Heaven's
dialog: tableland,/A higher plane, that I
dialog: have found,/Lord, plant my feet on
dialog: higher ground.
text: Bryan remains in the empty room, Henry’s charge to “just
text: come back” ringing in his ears.
scene_heading: EXT. HARVARD LAW SCHOOL - DAY (ESTABLISHING) AAQ
scene_heading: INT. HARVARD LAW SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - DAY AQ
text: FIND Bryan, one of FOUR STUDENTS OF COLOR in a class of
text: 30. BETSY BARTHOLET (40s, white) leads the seminar.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR BARTHOLET
dialog: In the 1972 Furman v. Georgia
dialog: decision, the Supreme Court
dialog: strikes down the death penalty
dialog: because of widespread racial bias.
dialog: Four years later, the Court
dialog: upholds a new death penalty scheme
dialog: in Gregg, unwilling to presume
dialog: racial discrimination without
dialog: evidence. This year, Warren
dialog: McCleskey’s lawyers presented
dialog: evidence that the new death
dialog: penalty is as racially biased as
dialog: the old one. But they lose. Why?
text: A LAW STUDENT (20s, white), entitled, doesn’t raise his
dialog: hand --
speaker_heading: LAW STUDENT
dialog: McCleskey didn’t get the death
dialog: penalty because he was black, he
dialog: got it because he killed a cop in
dialog: cold blood.
text: Bryan exchanges a look with another BLACK STUDENT,
text: they’re used to this clown. Professor Bartholet can see
text: Bryan's wheels turning.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR BARTHOLET
dialog: Bryan? Thoughts?
text: Bryan would rather not engage, but he can’t stop himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 10.
speaker_heading: AQ CONTINUED: AQ
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: The Baldus study they presented
dialog: proved that in Georgia, you're 11
dialog: times more likely to get the death
dialog: penalty if the victim is white
dialog: than if the victim is black, 22
dialog: times more likely if the defendant
text: is black and the victim is white.
dialog: Every way you look at it, race is
dialog: the greatest predictor of who gets
dialog: the death penalty.
speaker_heading: LAW STUDENT
dialog: The reliability of that study is
dialog: debatable.
text: Bryan glances at the Law Student, used to this type of
dialog: classmate over the years. He doesn’t hold back --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Over 2000 murder cases subjected
dialog: to 230 nonracial variables. It
dialog: was reliable enough for the
dialog: Supreme Court to accept.
speaker_heading: LAW STUDENT
dialog: But they still rejected the
dialog: argument.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Because they were afraid of trying
dialog: to fix something they believed was
dialog: unfixable. And they were wrong.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In his dissent, Justice Brennan
dialog: ridiculed the ruling as ‘a fear of
dialog: too much justice.’
speaker_heading: LAW STUDENT
dialog: I think they’re just being
dialog: realistic. A certain amount of
dialog: bias in our judicial system is
dialog: inevitable. It’s just a hard
dialog: truth we have to learn to live
dialog: with.
text: This triggers a fire in Bryan unseen before.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Live with? The whole point is
dialog: that some of us don’t have that
dialog: luxury.
text: Bryan takes a beat. All eyes on him now as --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: AQ
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW ll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I grew up in a racially segregated
dialog: community in Delaware, where black
dialog: kids weren't allowed to go to
dialog: public school. But in Brown vs.
dialog: Board of Education, the court
dialog: didn’t say segregation was
dialog: inevitable, they said it was
dialog: unconstitutional. They forced the
dialog: country to open up the schools,
dialog: and that’s the only reason I’m in
dialog: this classroom. That’s what the
dialog: law can do when it’s used for
dialog: justice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As long as the death penalty is
dialog: administered on the basis of race
dialog: or class, it’s as big a stain on
dialog: our country as segregation or
dialog: slavery. And I don’t think it’s
dialog: naive to believe we can do
dialog: something to change it.
speaker_heading: LAW STUDENT
dialog: Well, five Justices of the Supreme
dialog: Court would disagree with you
dialog: there.
text: Bryan stares at the Student, more determined despite the
dialog: odds.
speaker_heading: CHRISTY (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: Mom’s still mad at you.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CHILDHOOD HOME - MORNING
text: Bryan walks with his sister, CHRISTY (24), carrying
dialog: boxes.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: CHRISTY
dialog: I don’t know, maybe for rejecting
dialog: all those job offers so you can be
dialog: poor in Alabama.
dialog: (sees Howard)
dialog: And Howie telling her about that
dialog: lynching in Mobile didn’t help.
text: HOWARD JR. (28) takes the box from Christy and loads it
text: into Bryan’s Honda Civic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: AQ
dialog: 10
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What!
speaker_heading: HOWARD JR.
dialog: (off Bryan’s look)
dialog: I said it happened seven years
dialog: ago!
speaker_heading: CHRISTY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yeah, that made it better.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: You guys aren’t helping...
text: HOWARD SR. (60s) looks out from the hood.
speaker_heading: HOWARD SR.
dialog: When was the last time you checked
dialog: your oil?
dialog: (off Bryan’s shrug)
dialog: I just added three quarts, but you
dialog: should check again when you get
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Thanks, Dad.
speaker_heading: HOWARD SR.
dialog: You talk to your mom yet?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where is she?
dialog: OFF their looks --
scene_heading: EXT. STEVENSON FAMILY HOME - BACK PORCH - MOMENTS LATER 10
text: Bryan finds Alice sweeping the porch. She doesn’t look
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What are you doing, Mom?
dialog: (off her sweeping)
dialog: You not gonna come say bye?
text: Alice sweeps a few more times before finally giving him a
dialog: piece of her mind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 13.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I know you got your law degree
dialog: now, and you think you're grown,
dialog: but you’re still my child, and I’m
dialog: the one that has to deal with your
dialog: funeral arrangements if you get
dialog: killed down there.
text: Bryan can’t help but smile at the overreaction.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Come on, Mom.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You think this is funny? If you
dialog: can’t see the danger in what
dialog: you're doing, then you should, ask
dialog: Harvard for your money back, cause
dialog: you used to be smarter than that.
text: Bryan chooses not to respond, just looks at her with
text: care. Alice looks away, sits down on the porch steps.
text: Bryan follows her lead, sits beside her.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Howie told me you’re making
dialog: fourteen thousand dollars a year?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What didn’t he tell you?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You could have taken any of those
dialog: job offers in D.C. and been set
dialog: for the rest of your life.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You know that’s not what I want to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I didn’t want to work two jobs my
dialog: whole life, either, but I did it
dialog: so my children could get ahead,
dialog: not so they could go make half of
dialog: what I was making ten years ago.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You taught me not to care about
dialog: money, to do what my heart tells
dialog: me is right.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (grows emotional)
dialog: What about my heart?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 10
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: What about the fact that you’re
dialog: precious to me, and I’m going to
dialog: have to worry about you in ways
dialog: I’ve never had to before. What
dialog: am I supposed to do with that?
text: The love between them is evident. Bryan looks down,
text: choosing his words carefully before speaking with care.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That first time I visited death
dialog: row, I never expected to meet
dialog: someone the same age as me, who
dialog: grew up on the same music, ina
dialog: neighborhood just like ours. He
dialog: could have been any of the guys
dialog: from Sussex County.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don’t want to move so far away
dialog: from you, either. But you taught
dialog: me to fight for the people who
dialog: need it most. That’s why I’m
dialog: going down there. I know I can
dialog: help them.
text: Alice looks at him, sees his passion, softening as --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I’m very proud of you.
dialog: (lets that sink in)
dialog: And I know your heart is in the
dialog: right place, but it’s not that
dialog: simple. What you’re doing is
dialog: going to make a lot of people
dialog: upset.
dialog: (looks at him;
dialog: serious)
dialog: You better be careful.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (nods; sincere)
dialog: I will.
text: Bryan pulls her into a hug. She puts her head on his
text: shoulder, enjoying a final moment with her son.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. HIGHWAY (ALABAMA) /BRYAN’S CIVIC - DAY 11
text: Bryan drives down the highway, lush grass and tall,
text: stately pines on either side as MUSIC plays on the radio.
text: The back of his Civic is stacked with boxes and books.
text: He passes a large sign that reads: “WELCOME TO ALABAMA
dialog: THE BEAUTIFUL.”
speaker_heading: + HH HHH HH
dialog: +e %
dialog: 12
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 14~a.
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA - DRIVING SNAPSHOTS - AFTERNOON
text: As MUSIC continues to play, Bryan watches snapshots of
text: Alabama float by his window --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 12
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
text: -- 2 JOHN DEERE COTTON PICKERS drive through a field of
dialog: cotton.
text: -- A WHITE MAN waxes a new truck in the driveway of a
text: classic middle-class home, 2 WHITE KIDS play ina
text: sprinkler.
text: -- A BLACK GROUNDSKEEPER mows the lawn of a palatial
text: home, waves to Bryan as he passes.
text: -- A BAPTIST CHURCH, the sign out front spelling out the
text: Alabama state motto: “WE DARE DEFEND OUR RIGHTS.”
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING (MONTGOMERY) - DAY
text: Bryan's brown Civic pulls up to an old building in a
dialog: decent part of town.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bryan walks down a hall, hears the fiery voice of EVA
text: ANSLEY arguing with BILL FREEMAN (50s, white).
speaker_heading: EVA (0.S.)
dialog: Are you kiddin’ me? This is
dialog: complete hogshit and you know it.
dialog: We had an agreement to rent this
dialog: space for the next two years. You
dialog: said it was a done deal.
text: Bryan turns the corner, sees Eva with the owner, her son
text: CHRIS (6) beside her, plays with a Transformers toy.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: That was before I knew what you
dialog: were doing here.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: We're giving poor people their
dialog: constitutional right to counsel,
dialog: Bill! You wanna explain to my son
dialog: what the hell you think is wrong
dialog: with that?
text: Bryan interrupts gently, trying to ease the tension.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Hey, Eva...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: He HHH OK + FH FH HH FF
dialog: *
dialog: *
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (turns to Bryan)
dialog: Bryan, thank God.
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: This is the Executive Director of
dialog: our organization, who just moved
dialog: here to work in the office you
dialog: promised us.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (to Eva)
dialog: You said you were the director.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Director of operations, and you're
dialog: making me look really bad in front
dialog: of my boss right now.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (to Bryan)
dialog: She told me you were a lawyer, but
dialog: nobody said it was for murderers
dialog: on death row.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We're providing legal services to
dialog: people who need help.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: And you'll have to do it someplace
dialog: else, ‘cause I can’t have people
dialog: like that coming around here.
dialog: 15A.
text: Bryan takes a breath. He’s used to people judging his
dialog: clients like this.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Not everyone is in there for good
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: They’re locked up for something,
dialog: and I don’t want that something in
dialog: my building. Sorry, but it ain’t
dialog: up for discussion.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: They put Jesus on death row, Bill.
dialog: He wasn’t such a bad guy.
speaker_heading: (ALT LINE)
dialog: How ‘bout your complete lack of
dialog: integrity, Bill? That up for
dialog: discussion?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: +H HH HF
scene_heading: + FH HHH HH FH HHH HHH FH HK
dialog: %
dialog: +e * HF
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: 13
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 15B.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (sarcastic smile)
dialog: Y'all have a good day now.
text: The owner disappears into his office, leaving them in the
text: hall. Eva shakes her head.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: What a piece of shit.
dialog: (to Bryan; serious)
dialog: This wasn’t how I wanted to
dialog: welcome you. I’11 find an office,
dialog: I just have to change my tactics.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It'll be find, we can work from
dialog: anywhere.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Maybe Chris can clear some of his
text: toys out of the living room for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Oh, yeah?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I’1l think about it.
text: Eva and Bryan LAUGH. She hugs him as they walk away.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Sorry for cussing, baby.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It’s okay.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: He was a piece of shit, though.
scene_heading: EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/LANDLORD’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 13
text: Bryan gets out of his car, in front of an old, mid-sized
text: house. He looks around, notices a WHITE WOMAN staring
text: from her porch. He waves. She goes inside, suspicious.
text: HONK, HONK! He turns to see a Bronco zipping toward him,
text: the driver waves as she pulls to a stop beside him. This
text: is EVA ANSLEY (30s), a true Southern firebrand.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Welcome to Alabama!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: % *
speaker_heading: + HH HH
speaker_heading: + HF HF
dialog: %
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 15c.
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Hey, Eva.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Am I late?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I just got here.
text: She jumps out of the truck, her son CHRIS (6) right
dialog: behind.
text: She surprises him with a big hug, a bit much for their
text: first meeting but he goes along with it. As she steps
dialog: back --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: This is my son, Chris.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Hey, Chris.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Say hi to Mr. Stevenson.
text: Chris buries his face in Eva’s hip, too shy to respond.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 13
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It’s okay. I get shy, too.
text: Eva smiles, appreciates Bryan’s gesture.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What can we carry?
scene_heading: EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/LANDLORD’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON (MOMENTS 14
speaker_heading: LATER)
text: Eva, Chris, and Bryan grab boxes from the back of his car
text: and walk to the front door.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Thanks for all your help getting
text: things set up.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I'm so pissed I still haven't
dialog: found an office. I was hoping to
dialog: have one by the time you got here,
dialog: but I just got our third rejection
dialog: this week. I swear someone at the
dialog: state department is trying to shut
dialog: us down before we even get started.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We can work from home till our
dialog: funds come in. I should have our
dialog: matching requirements for the
dialog: federal grant soon.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: As soon as that clears, I'll find
dialog: us an office if I have to break
text: someone’s kneecaps.
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Just kidding, baby.
text: They reach the front door. Before Bryan even has a
text: chance to knock, the door OPENS to reveal MRS. FRANKLIN
text: (50s, white), a deceivingly kind face, looks at Bryan,
text: seems confused.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Mrs. Franklin?
scene_heading: MRS. FRANKLIN
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m Bryan, we spoke on the phone
dialog: about your cottage for rent?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 17.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
scene_heading: MRS. FRANKLIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're the lawyer from Harvard?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Yes, ma’am.
text: Off her silence, Bryan smiles, tries to keep it friendly.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Uh, these are my friends Eva and
dialog: Chris, here to help me move in.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Good to meet you, ma’am.
scene_heading: MRS. FRANKLIN
dialog: (nods; then)
dialog: Gimme a sec.
text: She heads inside, closes the door. Eva smiles at Bryan.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (sarcastic)
text: She seems like a lovely woman.
text: The door OPENS. It’s MR. FRANKLIN, sent to deal with the
text: problem. He looks from Bryan to Eva, addressing her as --
speaker_heading: MR. FRANKLIN
dialog: I’m sorry, but we’re not renting
dialog: the place anymore.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (gets his attention)
dialog: I spoke to your wife three times
dialog: last week. We had an agreement
dialog: to --
speaker_heading: MR. FRANKLIN
dialog: I ain’t disputin’ that. I’m just
dialog: sayin’ it ain’t for rent no more.
dialog: Sorry for the confusion.
text: Before Bryan can respond, he shuts the door.
text: With that, he closes the door. Bryan exchanges a look
dialog: with Eva of shared frustration.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What a piece a shit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 14
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Maybe I should have sent them a
dialog: photo.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: We should sue ‘em for housing
dialog: discrimination.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (as he turns)
dialog: I think we have enough on our
dialog: plate right now.
text: Eva grabs Chris’ hand as they walk back, looks to Bryan.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You'll stay with us as long as you
dialog: need. Daddy's cookin’ chicken
dialog: tonight, and Chris is gonna help
dialog: peel some potatoes.
dialog: (hugs Chris)
dialog: Sorry for cussing, baby.
text: Bryan can’t help but smile, a closeness here already as
text: they head to their cars.
speaker_heading: EVA (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: I was writing a paper on capital
dialog: punishment when I met my first
text: death row inmate, Wayne Ritter.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - EVENING 15
text: Chris builds some Lincoln Logs on the couch as Bryan sits
text: at the table with Eva and DOUG (30s), almost done with
text: dinner. Wine for Eva and Doug, water for Bryan. Eva has
dialog: the floor:
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: He and his friend robbed a
text: pawnshop in Mobile. His friend
dialog: shot the owner and they both got
dialog: death.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When he sat down across from me, I
dialog: was pissin’ myself, I was so
dialog: scared. First thing he did was
text: fold his arms across his chest and
dialog: ask me why his belt got arrested.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 10/8/18 (Buff) 19.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: EVA (CONT'D)
dialog: (off Bryan's
dialog: confusion)
dialog: Then he just stared at me for like
dialog: twenty seconds...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That gets longer every time she
text: tells this story.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (slaps Doug
dialog: playfully)
dialog: Then, he leaned forward and said,
dialog: my belt got arrested because it
text: held up a pair of pants.
text: Bryan and Doug LAUGH as Eva nods, this really happened.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: We were instant friends.
dialog: (somber beat)
dialog: The night he was executed, he
dialog: asked me to throw him a party and
text: play ‘Born to be Wild’ on repeat.
text: Eva smiles at the irony, gets a little emotional. Doug
text: rubs her back with care.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It was an awful party.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Is he the reason you got into
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (nods )
dialog: His attorney was openly in favor
dialog: of the death penalty because he
dialog: thought mad dogs ought to die.
dialog: Everyone on the row either had
dialog: shitty representation or none at
dialog: all. So I just started calling
dialog: every law firm in the Yellow Pages
dialog: to find people to help. I was
dialog: averaging about twenty rejections
dialog: a day.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: She was pretty stressed out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: Al7
speaker_heading: B17
speaker_heading: C17
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 10/8/18 (Buff) 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 15
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (nods; to Bryan)
dialog: I was just about to give up, when
dialog: I got a call from this Harvard
dialog: lawyer saying he just passed the
dialog: Alabama Bar and was planning to
dialog: start a legal center for death row
dialog: inmates. I was in before you even
dialog: offered me the job.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: And before you found out I
dialog: couldn’t pay you anything.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I haven’t told Doug that part yet.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Well, if we ain’t gettin’ rich off
dialog: this venture of yours, I’m out.
text: Off their LAUGH, Chris comes over and crawls into Eva’s
dialog: lap.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You tired, baby?
dialog: (off his nod)
dialog: Let’s get you to bed.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 16
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EARLY MORNING Al7
text: Digital clock reads 4:12 AM. Bryan is already up, in his
text: running clothes, doing push-ups on the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA SUPREME COURT - DAWN B17
text: Bryan runs by the courthouse. (VARIOUS SHOTS in this
dialog: area.)
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA RIVER - DAWN C17
text: Bryan runs along the river.
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: 17
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 10/8/18 (Buff) 20A.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/ROAD TO HOLMAN PRISON - DAY 17
text: Bryan drives down a long country road. Ready, but tense
text: as -- he drives past 25 PRISONERS swinging hoes and
text: sickles to cut the grass as 2 GUARDS on horseback watch
text: over them. The snapshot of slavery gives him chills.
speaker_heading: A18
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 21.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/HOLMAN PRISON - DAY
text: Bryan drives -- a break in the trees, Holman Correctional
text: Facility. A vast, imposing structure of concrete and
dialog: steel.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. HOLMAN PRISON - DAY
text: Bryan's Civic pulls into the parking lot. He gets out,
text: straightens his jacket, and heads inside, determined.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - CHECK-IN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bryan's first time in the massive prison complex. He
text: waits as JEREMY (early 30s, white), a muscular, heavily-
text: tattooed guard, looks at his I.D., signs him in. Bryan
text: notices the Confederate flag tattooed on his forearm.
text: Jeremy's SUPERVISOR (50s, white) doesn’t look up from his
dialog: auto magazine.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I scheduled meetings with six
dialog: clients today.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I ain’t seen you before.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I just moved here.
text: Jeremy SUCKS at his teeth, stares at the I.D. again.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You really a lawyer?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (is he really
dialog: asking? )
dialog: Yes.
text: Jeremy looks him up and down, suspicious.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Gonna have to search you... Go in
dialog: that room and take everything off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A18
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (beat; shocked)
dialog: Attorneys aren’t strip-searched
dialog: for legal visits.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You ain’t gonna visit shit unless
dialog: you get in that room and strip.
text: Bryan stares at Jeremy, then to his supervisor, who still
text: hasn’t looked up from his magazine.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Let's go.
text: Bryan hesitates, wanting to argue, but quickly realizing
dialog: he has no other choice.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER 21
text: Bryan stands shirtless as Jeremy feels through his jacket
text: before tossing it on the table.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: Pants and underwear.
text: Bryan looks at him a beat before stripping the rest off
text: and handing it to him. Jeremy feels through his pants,
dialog: then --
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: Bend over and spread.
text: Bryan doesn’t move. This is as far as he goes.
text: Jeremy decides it’s not worth the battle. After a beat,
text: he tosses Bryan’s pants on the table. Lets him off the
dialog: hook.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You're clear.
text: He turns and walks out the door. Bryan takes a moment to
text: let his adrenaline settle, the humiliation evident on his
dialog: face.
text: He closes his eyes, catches his breath. When he opens
text: them, enough strength has returned to grab his clothes.
text: Pants -- shirt -- tie. Then finally, his jacket. Each
dialog: layer rebuilding a piece of his dignity until --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
text: He straightens his tie, pulls his shoulders back, puts on
text: his game face, and walks out the door as --
speaker_heading: HERBERT (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: I f-f-fought in Nam, F-First
dialog: Cavalry Division...
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - VISITING ROOM - LATER 22
text: Bryan sits at a table in a bare room. Across from him
text: sits HERBERT RICHARDSON (mid-40s). A small, introverted
text: black man, with a stutter and nervous tick.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Saw a lot of friends d-d-die.
dialog: Doctor said I got the PTSD.
text: Herbert’s stutter surfaces when he speaks of something
text: upsetting. Bryan takes notes as Herbert looks off.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: I did what they said I did. I
dialog: p-put that bomb on her porch.
dialog: (regretful)
dialog: I know it d-d-don’t make sense, b-
dialog: but I ain’t mean to kill nobody.
text: Bryan looks at him compassionately. Takes him at his
dialog: word.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I believe you.
dialog: Herbert takes that in, hasn't heard those words in a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: I think they gonna s-s-set my
dialog: execution soon. Last lawyer said
dialog: there ain’t nothin’ left to do.
text: Bryan sees the fear in Herbert’s eyes. Speaks gently --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: There’s always something we can
dialog: do.
dialog: (deep care and
dialog: sincerity)
dialog: Whatever you've done, your life is
dialog: still meaningful, and I’m going to
dialog: do everything possible to keep
dialog: them from taking it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 22
text: Herbert can barely believe his ears. Off his nod --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Can you tell me more about what
dialog: happened?
scene_heading: A SHORT MONTAGE 23
scene_heading: THE DAY PASSES BY --—
text: -- Bryan's coat is on the chair behind him now, trying to
text: keep up, taking down notes as he listens to another BLACK
text: PRISONER, once again across the table. Then --
scene_heading: -- TWO MORE PRISONERS, one HISPANIC, one WHITE. SHORT
text: JUMP CUTS. Similar framing. Sharing their stories, BITS
text: OF DIALOGUE cut to form a single story of an unfair
dialog: system --
speaker_heading: PRISONERS
dialog: Met my lawyer one time.../Swear he
dialog: on somethin’, didn’t even know my
dialog: name.../All white jury.../Told me
dialog: plead guilty or get the chair, so
dialog: I said I was guilty.../Judge
dialog: overturned my life sentence and
dialog: gave me death, anyway!
text: Through it all, Bryan listens, taking notes until --
text: CLANG! Bryan looks up, a pad filled with notes, the next
text: file on the table. The end of a very long day as --
scene_heading: END MONTAGE.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - VISITING ROOM - DAY 24
text: A GUARD ushers in Walter McMillian, tired and worn from
dialog: the last year and a half in prison.
text: Bryan stands, feels Walter’s eyes on him as the guard
text: leaves. Walter’s face betrays no judgement.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Where’s the lawyer?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Um, that would be me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m Bryan Stevenson, it’s good to
dialog: meet you, Mr. McMillian.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: You look young as my son.
text: Walter takes a seat, exhausted, drained of hope. Bryan
text: can sense it as Walter speaks without looking at him.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: My last lawyer sat right where you
dialog: sittin’ and told me everything’s
dialog: gonna be okay. Then I was
dialog: sentenced to death, my family run
text: out of money, and he gone.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: What you gone do different?
text: Bryan scrambles, looks at the open file.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Well, uh... first thing we can do
dialog: is appeal for a re-trial --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: We already did that and it was
dialog: denied.
text: Bryan finds his footing, his schooling kicks in.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Okay, we can file for a
dialog: reconsideration on that... then a
dialog: direct appeal to the Court of
dialog: Criminal Appeals, and work our way
dialog: up to the State Supreme Court. If
dialog: we’re denied there, we can file a
dialog: Rule 32, then a federal habeas
dialog: petition, and if all that fails,
dialog: we'll take your case to the
dialog: Supreme Court.
text: Walter looks at him, unconvinced.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You ain’t got no idea what you
dialog: gettin’ into here.
dialog: (off his silence)
dialog: You think them big words is gonna
dialog: get you somewhere in Alabama?
dialog: These guys is gonna eat you up and
dialog: spit you out like they done every
dialog: other black man ever stepped outta
dialog: line. Nobody here likes a nigger
dialog: in a suit, unless it’s one of
dialog: these.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + eH
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 26.
speaker_heading: 24 CONTINUED: (2) 24
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: (pinches his
dialog: jumpsuit)
dialog: ‘Cause soon as you start your own
dialog: business, and that business makes
dialog: some money, or you make friends
dialog: with people they don’t want you
dialog: makin’ friends with, they gone
dialog: find a way to take you down.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I understand how hard that must
dialog: be.
text: BOOM! Walter hits the table, emotional as he shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: No, you don’t. Rich boy from
dialog: Harvard don’t know how we live
dialog: here, where you guilty from
dialog: the moment you born. You can
dialog: smile and make them like you all
dialog: you want, yes, sir, yes, ma’am,
dialog: but when it’s your turn, it don’t
dialog: matter they ain’t got no
dialog: fingerprints, no evidence, that
dialog: their only witness made the whole
dialog: thing up. None of that matter
dialog: when all y'all thinkin’ is he look
dialog: like a man that could kill
dialog: somebody.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That’s not what I think.
text: Walter stares, emotions brewing.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Maybe not. Maybe you and the one
dialog: brother they let on my jury is
dialog: just relieved this ain’t you.
dialog: (intense beat)
dialog: You know how many people been
dialog: freed from Alabama death row?
text: Bryan knows the answer, but can’t bring himself to say
text: it. Walter says it for him.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: None... Things is the way they is
dialog: here, and you sure as hell ain’t
dialog: gonna be the one to change that.
text: Walter lets that sink in, then shakes his head as he
dialog: stands --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 24
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I ain’t doin’ this shit again.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Mr. McMillian.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (bangs on the window)
dialog: GUARD! WE DONE HERE!
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (stands)
dialog: Mr. McMillian, please. I’ve made
dialog: no assumptions about you or
dialog: anything you’ve done. I’m here to
dialog: help.
text: Walter sees the passion in Bryan’s eyes, but as the guard
text: opens the door, he turns and walks out of the room.
text: Bryan is left in shock, trying to process everything that
dialog: just happened.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH ROW/WALTER’S CELL - LATER 25
text: The guard leads Walter down a long row of 18 cells, a
text: second row above. A CACOPHONY of noise washes over them --
text: RADIOS AND TVS at full blast, the deafening CHORUS OF
text: INMATES TALKING AND SHOUTING, a voice SCREAMING nonsense
dialog: upstairs.
text: They stop at Walter’s cell. A steel-mesh door covering
text: the bars. The door slides open as Walter steps --
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: A 5'-by-8’ cage with a small cot and toilet. The door
text: CLANGS shut. Walter looks up at the concrete walls
text: closing in.
speaker_heading: HERBERT (0.S.)
dialog: Johnny D! Johnny D, you there!
text: Walter walks to his door. FROM OUTSIDE his cell, we see
text: him through the door slot, then PAN OVER to see Herbert
text: shouting through his slot.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Johnny D!
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 28.
speaker_heading: 25 CONTINUED: 25
text: THREE CELLS IN A ROW
scene_heading: WALTER'S THE CENTER.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: What’s up, Herb?!
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Is Ray there?!
text: Walter BANGS on the other end of his door with a metal
dialog: cup.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Ray!
text: In the next cell, ANTHONY “RAY” HINTON (20s, black) lies
text: on his bed with his eyes closed.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Unavailable at the moment!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Where you at?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
text: Buckingham Palace, having tea with
dialog: the Queen. She’s a very nice
dialog: lady. Let you know when we done.
text: Walter smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: What did you think of the lawyer?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I think he’s a kid makin’ a lot of
dialog: promises he can’t keep. He in way
dialog: over his damn head.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Oh... I thought he seemed nice.
text: Anthony opens his eyes, done with his mindful escape.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: What you want a nice lawyer for?
dialog: Nice ain’t gonna get you shit!
dialog: Look at Johnny D, he nice as a
dialog: puppy and he in here with us!
text: Walter can’t help but smile, all of them in it together.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: A27
dialog: 27-31
speaker_heading: A32
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 25
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Didn't know you thought of me like
dialog: that, Ray.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I mean, you ain’t nice as La Toya
dialog: Jackson, but for an ol’ man on the
dialog: row, you a’ight.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Thought you said I was the old
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Johnny D’s old, you ancient!
text: As they all LAUGH, a loud MOAN from a cell downstairs.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Yo, Herb, turn up that radio!
text: Walter remains sitting on the floor, turning his
text: interaction with Bryan over in his mind as MUSIC takes us
dialog: to --
speaker_heading: OMITTED 26
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CAR/HOLMAN PARKING LOT - LATER A27
text: Bryan gets into his car and tosses his stack of files
text: onto the passenger seat. He looks up at the towering
text: prison, Walter’s words ringing in his head.
text: He looks back at the files, opens the one on top, with a
text: mug shot of Walter McMillian. Something about this man
text: is drawing him to look closer --
speaker_heading: OMITTED 27-31
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT A32
text: Bryan sits on the ground in the living room, illuminated
text: by a single lamp. The couch made up for a bed. Spread
text: out in front of him are 4 VOLUMES of transcripts and a
text: folder full of records from Walter McMillian’s case.
scene_heading: INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 1 -- “Walter ‘Johnny D’ McMillian
dialog: case no. #####.”
scene_heading: INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 2 -- “Ralph Myers -- quote from
dialog: testimony...”
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A32
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 29a.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: A32
scene_heading: INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 3 -- “Jury -- 11 white, 1 black”
dialog: (NOTE: This could be Bryan’s own note, or something he
dialog: reads... Maybe news clipping?)
scene_heading: INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 4 -- Newspaper clipping --
dialog: “Sentenced to Death.”
scene_heading: INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 5 -- “Trial moved from Monroe
dialog: County to Baldwin County” (newspaper headline).
text: INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 6 -- Bryan writes a note about
dialog: the population... “Trial moved from: Monroe County: 40%
dialog: black, to Baldwin County: 9% black.”
text: He jots notes into a legal pad as he reads.
speaker_heading: B32
speaker_heading: C32
dialog: 32
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 30.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EARLY MORNING B32
text: Eva walks through the living room, steps over papers
text: scattered across the floor as she enters the --
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM C32
text: REVEAL: Bryan at the table, surrounded by papers,
text: bloodshot eyes, a mad scientist in the middle of his
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You look rested.
text: Bryan looks up, exhausted but still energized.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I don’t think McMillian did it.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - LATER 32
text: Bryan at the table with an almost-empty box, papers
text: sprawled around. Eva sits beside him, drinking coffee.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: They have no motive, no physical
dialog: evidence, no corroborating
dialog: circumstances. The State based
dialog: its entire case on the testimony
dialog: of one man. Ralph Myers.
text: Bryan hands her a photograph of RALPH MYERS (40s), a
text: frail, white man with burn scars across half his face and
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: He’s been in and out of prison
dialog: most his life. When he testified,
dialog: he was on trial for a different
dialog: murder, which he ended up getting
dialog: thirty years for.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Sounds like a pretty good deal.
text: Bryan nods as he flips through a transcript, full of
dialog: notes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 31.
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: In his statement, he said Johnny D
text: approached him at a gas station
text: and forced him at gunpoint to
dialog: drive to Jackson Cleaners because
dialog: his arm was hurting.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: That seems logical.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: When they get there, Johnny D
text: tells him to wait in the truck
text: while he goes inside. Then, while
text: he waits for his kidnapper,
dialog: instead of running, or going to
text: the police, he drives to a liquor
dialog: store for cigarettes, and then
text: comes back to the crime scene.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
text: Then he hears gunshots, goes
text: inside, and sees the body of Ronda
text: Morrison lying face-up on the
text: floor and Johnny D standing over
text: her with some older white man who
dialog: he claimed was the one ‘in
dialog: charge.’
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: And where’s that guy? Anyone
dialog: looking for him?
text: Bryan shakes his head -- exactly. Nothing makes sense.
text: He grabs another paper.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: They have one other witness to
text: back his testimony, a young black
dialog: man named Bill Hooks. Says he saw
text: Johnny D’s lowrider truck leaving
dialog: the cleaners around the time of
dialog: the murder. That’s it.
text: Eva lays out photos of Ronda Morrison, Ralph Myers, and
text: McMillian as she tries to wrap her mind around it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 32
speaker_heading: EVA
text: So, an eighteen-year-old white
text: girl is murdered in broad daylight
dialog: and the Sheriff can’t solve the
dialog: crime for how long?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Almost a year.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (looks at Ralph's
dialog: photo)
text: Then some guy charged with a
dialog: different murder says he can tell
dialog: them who did it if they give hima
dialog: lower sentence. And the guy who
dialog: did it happens to be a black man
dialog: from a poor community that no one
dialog: would think twice about.
text: Both can feel the energy here. Something is horribly
text: wrong with this conviction. Bryan looks in the now empty
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: There’s gotta be more than this.
dialog: (beat; considers)
dialog: I want to set a meeting with the
dialog: D.A.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Tommy Chapman just took over for
dialog: Pearson a few months ago. He used
dialog: to be a public defender.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: So maybe he’s not aligned with the
dialog: rest of these guys?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (beat; considers)
dialog: Let’s hope not.
scene_heading: EXT. MONROEVILLE - DAY 33
text: Bryan's Civic drives down a country road, passing a sign
dialog: that reads: “Welcome to Monroeville, home of To Kill A
dialog: Mockingbird."
scene_heading: INT. MONROE COUNTY COURTHOUSE - LOBBY - LATER 34
text: Bryan sits in the small waiting room, looks to TRACY
text: (40s, white), the secretary. She smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 33.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: You visit the Mockingbird Museum
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Uh... no, ma’‘am.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: It’s the old courthouse Harper
dialog: Lee’s daddy used to work in. You
dialog: can stand right where Atticus
dialog: Finch once stood.
text: Bryan smiles politely as TOMMY CHAPMAN (30s, white),
text: round face and glasses, walks out with a charming smile --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Mr. Stevenson? Tommy Chapman.
dialog: (they shake)
dialog: Come on in.
scene_heading: 35 INT. TOMMY CHAPMAN’S OFFICE - A MOMENT LATER 35
text: Bryan follows Tommy into his modest office.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: A lot of people are eager to meet
dialog: you, Mr. Stevenson.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Oh, yeah?
text: They both take a seat, Tommy’s desk between them.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Harvard lawyer movin’ to Alabama,
dialog: takin’ on all these capital cases.
dialog: Everyone’s wondering what your
dialog: intentions are.
text: Bryan smiles politely, refusing to show any nerves.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We're just giving legal assistance
dialog: to people who can’t afford it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (beat; then)
dialog: Legal assistance is one thing,
dialog: tryin’ to put convicted murderers
text: back on the street is somethin’
dialog: else entirely.
dialog: 34.
dialog: 35
text: A charged beat, sizing each other up until, Tommy
dialog: smiles --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: But I’m sure you didn’t come all
dialog: the way down here to talk about
dialog: that. What can I do for you
dialog: today, Bryan?
text: Bryan reaches into his briefcase and pulls out a file of
text: transcripts, with portions highlighted.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I'd like to talk about Johnny D
dialog: McMillian.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You know I wasn’t part of his
dialog: prosecution, right? That was
dialog: before my time.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That’s why I wanted to meet you...
dialog: I’ve read through the record a few
dialog: times now, and I have some serious
dialog: doubts about the reliability of
dialog: his conviction.
dialog: (hands transcript
dialog: over)
dialog: If you could take a look at the
dialog: sections I highlighted, you'll see
dialog: some obvious problems with Ralph
dialog: Myers’ testimony.
text: A beat, as Tommy flips through the pages.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: This was one of the most
dialog: outrageous crimes in Monroe County
dialog: history, and your client made a
dialog: lot of people here very angry.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I understand that, but there are
dialog: some serious problems with this
dialog: case and I’m hoping I can get your
dialog: support to find out what really
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 35
text: Tommy closes the transcripts and PLOPS them on the desk.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: But I already know what happened.
dialog: Johnny D McMillian was convicted
text: by a jury of brutally murdering a
dialog: teenage girl in my community. And
dialog: it’s my job to defend the
dialog: integrity of that conviction.
text: Bryan sits back, was hoping for a different response.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Even if it was based on false
dialog: testimony?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You’re the only one I know who
dialog: thinks that.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Then I must be the only one who
dialog: read the record because it’s
dialog: pretty obvious.
text: Tommy stares at him, doesn’t like the implication.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That man caused a lot of pain for
dialog: folks ‘round here, and if you
dialog: start diggin’ in those wounds,
dialog: you’re gonna be makin’ a lot of
dialog: people very unhappy.
text: Bryan hesitates -- is that a threat? He recovers --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: My job isn’t to make people happy,
dialog: it’s to achieve justice for my
dialog: client.
text: Tommy smiles, reaches for a file and hands it to him.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
text: Ralph Myers’ two confessions and a
dialog: statement from Bill Hooks.
text: Bryan opens it, FLIPS through the three meager documents.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I asked for copies of all the
dialog: police and witness statements you
dialog: have on the case.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: A36
dialog: 36
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 35
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: And that’s what you’re holding.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: This is a joke. Where’s the rest
dialog: of it?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That’s what’s relevant to
dialog: McMillian’s case. If you want
dialog: more, you’ll need to file a
dialog: discovery motion with the court,
dialog: just like anybody else.
text: With this, he stands -- meeting over. Off Bryan’s
dialog: surprise --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Thanks for stopping by, Mr.
dialog: Stevenson.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (stands to face him)
dialog: You can expect that motion soon.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Lookin’ forward to it.
text: Bryan reluctantly shakes Tommy’s hand. As he turns to
dialog: leave --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You oughta check out our
dialog: Mockingbird Museum on your way out
dialog: of town. One of the great civil
dialog: rights landmarks of the South.
text: Bryan bites his tongue, frustration building as he
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. MONROE COUNTY COURTHOUSE - BACK ENTRANCE - MOMENTS A36
speaker_heading: LATER
text: As Bryan exits, he sees Sheriff Tate directing a WHITE
text: DEPUTY where to take a YOUNG BLACK MAN in handcuffs.
text: Tate catches Bryan’s eye as he passes. His cold stare
text: makes it clear that he’s not welcome here.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - LATER 36
text: Eva spreads peanut butter onto apples, talking on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: EVA
text: Helping a black man convicted of
dialog: killing a white girl is political
dialog: suicide in that county. I’m sure
dialog: he’s been reminded of that by
dialog: whoever gave him his job.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MONROEVILLE) - CONTINUOUS ACTION 37
text: Bryan stands at a pay phone.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I honestly don’t think he ever
dialog: read the record.
text: Eva takes the plate of apples to the back door, holds the
text: door open to see Chris and his FRIEND playing in the
dialog: yard.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Doesn't surprise me.
dialog: (yells to the kids)
dialog: Chris! Bobby! Come eat your
dialog: snack!
text: The boys run over as Eva continues with Bryan.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m going to stop at Jackson
dialog: Cleaners before I see his family.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Okay. If I don’t hear from you by
dialog: morning, I’ll send a rescue party.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I hope that’s a joke.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Me, too.
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: Just be careful, okay?
text: Bryan nods, more aware by the moment of what he’s up
dialog: against.
scene_heading: EXT. JACKSON CLEANERS - DAY 38
text: Bryan walks up to the front door, chained up and closed
text: for business. He pushes his face to the glass, looks
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
text: He steps a few yards back, SNAPS a photo. The weight of
text: the tragic crime is evident in the sad storefront
dialog: building.
text: Bryan turns to see a POLICE CAR hovering at the corner.
text: The OFFICER inside stares at him. After a beat, the car
text: drives off. Bryan understands -- they have their eyes on
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BACKWOODS NEIGHBORHOOD/BRYAN’S CIVIC - EVENING 39
scene_heading: SNAPSHOTS OF A BLACK, BACKWOODS NEIGHBORHOOD --
text: -- A GROUP OF KIDS playing touch football in a dirt lot.
text: -- A GROUP OF MEN AND WOMEN walking home from a factory.
text: -- An OLD MAN AND WOMAN sitting on their porch drinking
dialog: tea.
scene_heading: INSIDE BRYAN’S CAR --
text: Bryan makes his way through the town, passing a MAN
dialog: mowing his yard. This place is poor, but love clearly
dialog: surrounds.
text: Bryan drives past a YOUNG BLACK BOY on a bike. They lock
text: eyes. The boy waves with a friendly smile. Bryan smiles
text: back, a distant reminder of his own youth.
scene_heading: EXT. WALTER’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 40
text: Bryan pulls to a stop in front of an old house, the yard
text: filled with old cars. SIX KIDS run around playing tag as
text: PEOPLE stream inside.
text: As Bryan gets out, he’s greeted by MINNIE McMILLIAN
text: (40s), strength beneath her small frame.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You the lawyer?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Yes, ma’am, Bryan Stevenson.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I'm Johnny D’s wife, Minnie.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: So good to meet you.
text: Bryan goes for a handshake but she gives him a hug, a
text: small gesture that immediately puts him at ease.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Thank you for drivin’ all the way
dialog: out here. Most lawyers barely got
dialog: time to call. Hope you don’t
dialog: mind, a few friends from the
dialog: neighborhood showed up to hear
dialog: what you got to say.
text: Bryan looks around, more cars pulling in behind him.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Looks like more than a few.
text: He doesn’t let the pressure faze him, smiles warmly as --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER 4l
text: Bryan stands, pen and notepad ready. 30 FAMILY MEMBERS
text: AND FRIENDS surround, everyone TALKING at the same time
text: as Bryan looks at all their faces, taking them in --
text: YOUNG and OLD, generations side-by-side. Minnie sits
text: with her daughter, JACKIE (18), waiting for the meeting
dialog: to begin.
text: MRS. WILLIAMS (70s) pours Bryan a glass of sweet tea as
text: EVELYN (40s), Walter’s sister, finally SHOUTS --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Hey, now! We ain’t gonna get
dialog: nowhere with everybody quackin’ at
dialog: the same time! Let Mr. Stevenson
dialog: talk!
text: Bryan knows how important this moment is. Takes a sip of
text: his sweet tea to calm himself, looks out at the now
text: silent sea of faces staring at him.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Hi, everyone, good to meet you.
dialog: Um --
text: As he puts the glass down, Mrs. Williams leans in,
text: refills it to the brim. Bryan smiles, CLEARS his throat.
scene_heading: DEEP BREATH --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m sure you have a lot of
dialog: questions, and I'll stay as long
text: as it takes to answer all of them.
dialog: But it would really help me to
dialog: hear from you all first, and
dialog: understand your perspective on
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 40.
speaker_heading: 4l CONTINUED: 4l
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Our perspective is there ain’t no
dialog: way Johnny D did this crime.
text: MURMURS of agreement wash throughout the room.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The morning that girl was killed,
dialog: we was all havin’ a fish fry here
dialog: to raise money for the church.
dialog: Johnny D was with us, mornin’ to
text: night, workin’ on his truck with
dialog: John.
text: Bryan looks to JOHN (20s), clearly carrying the weight of
text: his dad’s injustice, standing beside a 40-year-old
text: mechanic, JIMMY, and DARNELL HOUSTON (20s), nervous, with
dialog: a Jheri curl.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You were with your dad that day?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We was up at six in the morning to
dialog: get his truck on the rack. Jimmy
dialog: was there, too.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (nods )
dialog: We had the transmission clean out
dialog: by nine-thirty.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Now how’s he supposed to go kidnap
dialog: some crazy white man all the way
dialog: in Evergreen and then drive back
dialog: to Jackson Cleaners to kill that
dialog: girl at 10:15 if his truck ain’t
dialog: got no transmission? And for
dialog: what? They said he stole thirty-
dialog: five dollars. How stupid you
dialog: gotta be to go through all that
dialog: for thirty-five dollars?
text: VOICES of agreement throughout the room. Bryan writes
dialog: notes.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: How many of you were here with
dialog: Walter that morning?
text: Twenty-five hands go up. Bryan can’t hide his shock.
text: Minnie sits with quiet strength. When she speaks,
text: everyone listens.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4l
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 41
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: My husband could have never done
dialog: this no kind of way, whether we
dialog: was with him or not. He’s just
dialog: not like that.
text: MURMURS agreeing as BERNARD (50s), Walter’s friend,
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: Everybody know they went after him
dialog: ‘cause of that woman.
text: Bryan looks confused -- what woman? Bernard looks to
text: Minnie, realizes he screwed up.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: Sorry, Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: It's okay. It ain’t no secret.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Few months before the murder,
dialog: Johnny D got caught messin’ ‘round
text: with a white woman in town. When
dialog: her husband found out, he made
dialog: sure everybody knew ‘bout it.
dialog: (beat; frustrated)
dialog: People started talkin’, and the
dialog: stories kept growin’. He went
dialog: from a cheat to a drug dealer to
dialog: the head of the Dixie Mafia. So
dialog: when someone finally called him a
dialog: killer, nobody thought twice.
text: UNCLE LEO (70s), confined to a wheelchair but with the
text: voice of a leader, speaks up.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEO
dialog: They can call it what they want,
dialog: but we all know this is just
text: another way to lynch a black man.
dialog: A handful of VOICES agree. Then --
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: There ain’t no excuse for what my
dialog: husband did to me and this family.
dialog: Damn fool hurt me bad.
dialog: (beat; strong)
dialog: But he’s still the daddy of my
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 42.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: (3) 41
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And I really don’t know what I’m
dialog: s'pose to tell them about stayin’
dialog: out of trouble when you can be at
dialog: your own house, minding your own
dialog: business, surrounded by your
dialog: entire family, and they still go
dialog: and put some murder on you.
text: MURMURS of agreement as Bryan gathers his thoughts.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: It’s not just Dad, we feel like
dialog: they put us all on death row, too.
text: More SHOUTS of agreement. Once they settle --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I can only imagine how painful
dialog: this is for all of you. I’m going
dialog: to do everything I can to --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: The last lawyers was talkin’ big,
dialog: jus’ like you, then took all our
dialog: money and split. Why you
dialog: different?
text: Bryan takes a beat, respects John’s sense of distrust.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Well, first, our organization
dialog: covers all legal expenses. So
dialog: none of you will have to pay a
dialog: penny.
text: John’s surprised, but still doubtful. Bryan presses on --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: If you asked me to put my dad’s
dialog: life in the hands of some young
dialog: lawyer from out of town, I'd be
dialog: worried, too. You really love
dialog: him. And I don’t take that
dialog: lightly.
dialog: (as John softens)
dialog: I’m not here to take your money.
dialog: I’m here because I believe
dialog: everyone in this room has the same
dialog: right to justice as anyone else in
dialog: this country. It’s clear to me
dialog: that this trial was constructed
dialog: with lies.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 41
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And based on everything I’ve seen,
dialog: I think we can build a case to
dialog: bring Johnny D home, and I’m not
dialog: going to stop until I’ve done
dialog: that.
text: Minnie exchanges a look with John. She nods, then --
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Well, you seem like good people to
dialog: me, but he’s the one you gotta
dialog: convince.
text: Bryan nods, knows this is true. Evelyn smiles big --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don’t know about the rest of
dialog: you, but I was sold on, y’all
dialog: won’t pay a penny.
text: Everyone LAUGHS as Mrs. Williams tops off Bryan's tea.
scene_heading: EXT. WALTER'S HOUSE - PORCH - LATER 42
text: Bryan stands at the door, shaking hands and hugging
text: people. Uncle Leo rolls up, gives him a firm handshake.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEO
dialog: They gonna try to stop you any way
dialog: they can. You stay strong, son.
text: Bryan is taken aback by this. Before he can respond, Leo
text: moves on, helped down the stairs by TWO STRONG MEN. Then
text: John steps forward with his friend Darnell.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, Mr. Stevenson.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Please, John, call me Bryan.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, okay, um... this is my friend,
dialog: Darnell. He wants to talk to you
dialog: ‘bout somethin’.
text: Bryan notices how nervous Darnell seems. A beat before
text: Darnell looks at John, who gives an encouraging nod.
dialog: Then --
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I think I can prove he’s innocent.
dialog: 43
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 44,
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - LATER 43
text: Bryan takes notes beside Darnell and John. Walter's
text: immediate family crowds around, Jackie among them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You heard of Bill Hooks, right?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: He testified that he saw Johnny
text: D’s truck at the cleaners that
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Bill didn’t see shit. He made the
dialog: whole thing up.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: ‘Cause I was with him. We was
text: workin’ at the shop together.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: The morning of the murder?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yes, sir. We was changing the
text: head gasket on a Camaro from eight
dialog: in the morning till we closed
text: after lunch. He was right next to
dialog: me when them sirens was goin’ off.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Why would Hooks lie?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ‘Cause the snitch cut a deal with
dialog: the cops. They had ‘im locked up
dialog: for burglary, and the day he gave
dialog: his statement, they let ‘im out,
dialog: all charges dropped.
text: Bryan looks at Darnell, steady and calm as --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Would you be willing to sign a
dialog: statement that we could use in
dialog: court?
text: Darnell thinks long and hard. Fear seeps in as --
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: The police would see my name?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It would be in the record.
text: Darnell looks at John and Walter’s family, scared. Bryan
text: sees his fear, empathizes. A beat before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I know exposing yourself like this
dialog: isn’t easy. But with your
dialog: testimony we can file a motion to
dialog: reopen Johnny D’s case. If we can
dialog: prove Bill Hooks is lying, it
dialog: might be his best chance.
text: Bryan's words connect, but Darnell still hesitates.
text: Minnie grabs his hand, nods. Darnell sees what this
dialog: means to her.
text: He looks to John, then back at Bryan. He slowly nods,
text: willing to cooperate, hoping he won’t regret it.
scene_heading: EXT. EVA’S PORCH - NIGHT 44
text: Bryan sits on the porch with Eva as she drags on a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: They said it would have been
dialog: better if he was out hunting
dialog: somewhere, so it’d at least be
dialog: possible he was guilty. But they
dialog: were all with him.
text: Eva shakes her head, takes a drag, a beat before --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I can’t imagine what it would feel
dialog: like to know I was at home with my
dialog: husband, and have a judge say, no,
dialog: you weren’t... your truth is
dialog: wrong.
dialog: Bryan takes this in, processing everything before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: This isn’t just about Johnny D.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: We're representing that whole
dialog: community.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 44
speaker_heading: B45
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod) 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: Eva can see how deep this goes. Silence falls, both
text: pondering the weight of what’s ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA RIVER - DAWN A45
text: Bryan runs along the river, still processing his time
dialog: with Walter’s family.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - VISITING ROOM - DAY 45
text: Bryan stands, hoping he can get Walter to engage this
text: time, waiting as the guard UNLOCKS Walter’s cuffs and
text: leaves the room. Walter looks at Bryan.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I know our last meeting didn’t go
dialog: the way I hoped it would, but --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You met my family.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (beat; surprised)
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You drove down that long dirt
dialog: road, crammed into my little house
dialog: with all my people, and told ‘em
dialog: you was gonna fight for me.
dialog: (off Bryan’s stare)
dialog: That means a lot.
text: Bryan nods. Walter hesitates, still reluctant to fully
text: engage. But Bryan can sense him softening. A beat
dialog: before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Minnie asked me to give you this.
text: Bryan hands him a small envelope. Walter slides it into
text: his pocket, then looks back.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: If you don’t mind, I have
dialog: something to show you.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - VISITING ROOM - DAY 46
text: Bryan sits across from Walter, fixes his glasses as he
text: tries to read Darnell’s statement. He slides the paper
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 46
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I ain’t so good with them big
dialog: words.
dialog: 47.
dialog: 46
text: Bryan didn’t realize he couldn’t read. He summarizes for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It’s a statement from Darnell
dialog: Houston saying he was with Bill
text: Hooks three miles away at the time
dialog: of the murder. So, there’s no way
dialog: he could have seen your truck
dialog: there.
text: Walter looks at him, piecing it together.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That’s good, right?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It's very good. I’m going to
dialog: submit this with a motion for a
dialog: new trial.
text: Walter looks at him, nods. Allows himself to feel
text: pinch of hope. Then, he looks off. A beat before
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Minnie said she told you what I
dialog: did... ain’t no excuse for
dialog: cheatin’ on a woman like her. I
dialog: don’t know why she’s still
dialog: standin’ by me after what I put
dialog: her through.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: She's standing by you because she
dialog: knows you shouldn’t be in here.
dialog: And so do I.
dialog: (off Walter’s look)
dialog: I know you didn’t kill Ronda
dialog: Morrison. And I want to help you
dialog: prove it in court, if you'll let
dialog: me.
dialog: a
text: Walter looks at him, getting there, but not completely
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Man, you met my whole family and I
dialog: still don’t know nothin’ about
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: + HHH HHH FF *
speaker_heading: + eH
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod) 47a.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: (2) 46
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What do you want to know?
text: Walter thinks, choosing his first question. Then --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Why you doin’ this?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Why am I a lawyer?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Why you a lawyer in Alabama,
dialog: workin’ for people who can’t pay
dialog: you nothin’?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod) 48.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: (3) 46
text: Bryan nods -- good question. He really thinks about it.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I grew up down a road just like
dialog: yours, pumping sewage from our
text: yard, sharing a playground with
dialog: the pigs and chickens... When I
dialog: was a teenager, my grandpa was
dialog: murdered, but no one outside our
dialog: community cared, because to them,
dialog: he was just another black man
dialog: killed in the projects.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know what it’s like to be in the
dialog: shadows.
dialog: (shrugs; matter-of-
dialog: fact)
dialog: That’s why I’m doing this.
text: Walter takes this in, deeply moved.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That’s a pretty good answer.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Anything else you want to know?
dialog: I’m an open book.
text: Walter thinks, more comfortable now. Then --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: What’s someone like you do for
dialog: fun?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: I used to play piano, but... it’s
dialog: hard to find time for anything
dialog: besides work right now.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Well, if you gonna be workin’ for
dialog: me, you gotta make time to clear
dialog: that head, or you’ll end up crazy
dialog: as a betsy bug, man.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What’s a betsy bug?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod) 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 46
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: It’s a crazy-ass bug that you
dialog: don’t wanna be. Ugly suckers,
text: look like a turd with horns.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Got it.
text: Walter leans back, eyeing Bryan a beat. Then --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Let’s get to work, piano man.
dialog: You're hired.
text: OFF Bryan’s growing smile --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S CELL - LATER 47
text: Walter sits on his bed. He opens the envelope Bryan gave
text: him to find -- a handful of OLD FAMILY PHOTOS -- Minnie,
text: Walter, and the children, happy together.
text: He looks at a photo of him and John together, big smiles,
text: father and son, about to move on when --
speaker_heading: ANTHONY (0.S.)
dialog: Yo, Johnny D!
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN:
scene_heading: ANTHONY, HERBERT, AND WALTER'S CELLS
text: Anthony stands at his door, CALLS OVER to Walter --
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: You signin’ up with that lawyer?
speaker_heading: WALTER
text: Giving him a try.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Seems like everybody on the row
dialog: workin’ with him now. They say he
dialog: reppin’ anyone that need it for
dialog: free. I’m starting to feel left
dialog: out, man. He that good?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 50.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (beat; considers)
dialog: I hope so.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: What you think, Herbert?! Should
dialog: I dump my guy and switch over?
dialog: (beat of silence)
dialog: Herb! You there?
text: Herbert sits in the corner of his cell, stares at a
text: letter with an ALABAMA DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE seal at the
dialog: top.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: I’m here.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: You okay, man?
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: They s-s-s-s--
dialog: (stops; takes a
dialog: breath)
dialog: They set my date.
text: Anthony and Walter are silent, everyone’s looming fear.
dialog: Then --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: It’s gonna be okay, man. It ain’t
dialog: over yet.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: I ain’t like you guys. I
dialog: d-d-deserve what’s comin’.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Now you talkin’ out your ass,
dialog: Herb. You fought for your country
dialog: and they tossed you out with the
dialog: trash... That war made you sick in
dialog: the head, man. They shoulda put
dialog: you in a hospital, not here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When I told them cops that picked
dialog: me up I was innocent, you know
dialog: what they said? One of you
dialog: niggers did it, if it wasn’t you,
dialog: you can just take this one for
dialog: your homie.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: B48
dialog: 48
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 47
speaker_heading: ANTHONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Johnny D’s prosecutor said he knew
dialog: he killed that girl ‘cause of the
text: way he looked in his mug shot.
dialog: You don’t deserve this shit any
dialog: more than us. Only reason we here
dialog: is ‘cause if you black or poor,
dialog: they can do what they want and
dialog: nobody’s gonna give a damn.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: (beat; considers)
dialog: A girl is dead because of me.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That don’t give nobody the right
dialog: to kill you back.
dialog: Silence. Walter knows there is no way to make this
dialog: better.
scene_heading: EXT. EVA’S HOUSE - NIGHT (ESTABLISHING) A48
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT 48
text: INSERT PHOTO -- of Herbert Richardson in his Army
text: uniform, sitting on the table.
text: Bryan and Eva at the table, looking over Herbert’s legal
text: papers and records. Doug and Chris build an Erector Set
text: on the floor of the living room.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Herbert was eighteen when he went
dialog: to Vietnam. He was the only
text: survivor in an ambush that killed
dialog: his whole platoon. He had a
dialog: mental breakdown, attempted
dialog: suicide, and got sent home on an
dialog: honorable discharge.
dialog: (flips through pages)
dialog: Back home he continued having
dialog: nightmares, crying fits, running
text: out of his house screaming
text: ‘incoming’ to his neighbors.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: His lawyer didn’t even mention his
dialog: military service or mental trauma
dialog: to the jury. A few months after
dialog: the trial, he was disbarred for
dialog: misconduct.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Course, he was.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What can we do?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Since he’s already been through
dialog: the appeals process, the statutes
dialog: of limitations are going to make
dialog: it hard to get a judge to listen.
dialog: We’ll have to try and make them.
dialog: I‘1l start on a motion tonight.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Chris jumps up to get it --
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (picks up phone)
dialog: Hello?
text: A beat. Chris hands the cordless phone to Eva --
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's for you, Mom.
text: Eva gets up and takes the phone --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MALE (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: You the bitch workin’ with that
dialog: nigger lawyer?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (beat; shocked)
dialog: Who the hell is this?
text: Bryan turns in his chair, eyes locked on Eva as --
speaker_heading: MALE (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: The guy that put the bomb under
dialog: your house that’s gonna blow your
dialog: family all to hell. Y’all don’t
dialog: stop helpin’ that nigger Johnny D,
dialog: next time there won’t be no
dialog: warnin’.
text: Dial tone. Eva rushes over to Chris and scoops him up.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Okay! Why don’t we all go outside
dialog: and look at the stars.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 48
text: Doug and Bryan can see the fear she’s hiding as they all
text: rush out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. EVA'S HOUSE - LATER 49
text: Bryan stands on the front yard beside Eva, holding Chris.
text: FOUR POLICE OFFICERS and a BOMB-SNIFFING DOG search the
text: perimeter. Doug talks to the HEAD OFFICER, walks back to
dialog: Eva.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: They didn’t find anything.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Are they sure?
text: Bryan notices an OLD SEDAN drive past, a YOUNG WHITE MAN
text: in the passenger seat locks eyes with Bryan as they go
dialog: by.
text: It sends a chill down his spine. Eva catches the
text: exchange, gives Chris a squeeze.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Okay, baby, let’s get you to bed.
text: Eva exchanges a look with Bryan as they head inside.
scene_heading: EXT. EVA’S HOUSE - PORCH - NIGHT 50
text: Eva sits on the porch, smoking. Bryan exits the house
text: and sits beside her. They stare into the darkness for a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: When you asked me to do this with
dialog: you, I knew I’d lose some friends,
dialog: have people talkin’ shit behind my
dialog: back, or to my face. And I was
dialog: fine with that. Don’t need anyone
dialog: to like me long as I’m doin’ what
dialog: I’m supposed to. But threatenin’
dialog: my family...
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: I don’t know what the hell to do
dialog: with that.
text: Bryan can see how hard this is for her. It worries him,
text: too, putting other people on the line. A long beat
dialog: before --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 54.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I would never blame you if you
dialog: need to stop.
text: Eva considers this. A long beat as she makes a decision --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I don’t want my son growing up
dialog: knowing his mom stopped doing what
dialog: was right because she was scared
dialog: of some crazy bigot.
dialog: (looks to Bryan;
dialog: sincere)
dialog: But we can’t keep working here.
dialog: I’m waitin’ to hear back about a
dialog: place in Old Alabama Town. It
dialog: ain't pretty, but it fits the
dialog: budget.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Does it come with bulletproof
dialog: windows?
text: Eva cracks a LAUGH, surprised and impressed by Bryan's
text: dark joke. After she settles --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: So, what’s next?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I think we need to investigate
dialog: everything from scratch, find
dialog: anyone in that town who’s willing
dialog: to talk.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Maybe once they see how charming
dialog: we are they’1ll stop tryin’ to kill
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: Bryan’s smile takes us to --
scene_heading: 51 TIME PASSING MONTAGE - MONROEVILLE INTERVIEWS 51
text: QUICK CUTS of Bryan and Eva going door-to-door:
text: -- Bryan KNOCKS on a door, no answer.
text: -- Eva KNOCKS, peers in the window, hard to find
dialog: witnesses.
text: -- Bryan in a BAIT STORE, the MANAGER shakes his head. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 54A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: -- Eva in a PARKING LOT, a WOMAN ignores her, gets in her
text: car and shuts the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: A52
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 51
text: -- Bryan with an OLDER MAN (white) at his door.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You were on the witness list for
dialog: the Ronda Morrison trial a few
dialog: years back --
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: (shutting the door)
dialog: Sorry, can’t help you.
text: -- Eva stands at another door, mid-convo with a WOMAN
dialog: (40s).
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: If y’all ain’t workin’ for that
dialog: poor girl’s family, I ain’t got
dialog: nothin’ to say to you. Sorry,
dialog: darlin’.
scene_heading: EXT. MONROEVILLE A52
text: Bryan watches a police car drive by, the OFFICER staring
text: at him.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODROW IKNER’S HOUSE - DAY 52
text: WOODROW IKNER (50s, white) opens the door.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Officer Ikner?
speaker_heading: WOODROW IKNER
dialog: Ain't no officer no more.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m a lawyer representing Johnny D
dialog: McMillian, the man convicted of
dialog: murdering Ronda Morrison. I
dialog: understand you were the first
dialog: officer on the scene?
text: Ikner looks outside, makes sure it’s clear, turns inside,
text: the door open. Finally getting somewhere, Bryan follows.
scene_heading: INT. BBQ JOINT - DAY 53
text: Eva munches on some fries as the OWNER (50s, female,
text: white) enters from the back and hands her a worn FLYER
text: advertising the fish fry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: I was right! The fish fry was on
dialog: Saturday, November lst, same day
dialog: as the murder. They put these up
dialog: all ‘round town. You’re lucky I’m
text: a pack rat.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: God, I could kiss you, Deb.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MECHANIC GARAGE - DAY 54
text: Bryan talks with CLAY KAST (40s, white), a greased-up
text: mechanic. An old car on the rack behind them.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Bill Hooks claimed he saw Walter's
text: lowrider truck outside the
dialog: cleaners that day.
speaker_heading: CLAY KAST
dialog: If he said it was a lowrider, he
dialog: full a shit. We ain’t dropped
dialog: Johnny D’s truck till six months
dialog: after that girl was killed.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Do you have a record of that?
text: Bryan jots down notes as --
scene_heading: INT. BRYAN'S APARTMENT - DAY 55
text: Bryan carries a box into an old, lifeless room, nothing
text: but a mattress on the floor. But for him, it’1l do just
dialog: fine.
scene_heading: INT. MANAGER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Eva sits across the desk from CHARLES COOPER (older male,
text: white), passionately arguing her case.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Lawyers are movin’ here from
dialog: Harvard Law School to work with
dialog: us. We’re planning to grow into
dialog: something the whole country will
dialog: be talkin’ about, and you'll get
dialog: to say it all started in your
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: %
speaker_heading: +H HH HF
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 56A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: And what exactly is the kind of
dialog: work you do?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: We're just helping people.
text: Charles thinks for a beat, then, seems satisfied with
text: that answer, he nods -- likes the sound of that.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY 56
text: Bryan and Doug carry a desk from the back of Doug’s
text: truck, parked in front of an old building in the bad part
dialog: of town.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY 57
text: Bryan and Doug carry the desk in, Chris holding the door
text: open for them, as Eva stops sweeping to direct them.
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 57.
scene_heading: INT. EJI - BRYAN’S DESK - A NEW DAY
text: INSERT: Bit stack of client files on Bryan’s desk, see
dialog: the names “Walter McMillian,” “Herbert Lee Richardson,”
dialog: “Jesse Moore,” “Charlie Coleman,” “Norris Thomas,”
dialog: “Vivian Clark” (the point is to make it clear there are
text: many cases being juggled).
text: INSERT: Bryan pulls off Herbert Lee Richardson's file
text: (and a photo clipped to it) and opens it... REVEAL
dialog: Herbert’s name here.
text: TIGHT ON: Bryan at his desk on the phone, passionate
text: despite the obvious burden of the Goliath task at hand.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: My client, Herbert Richardson, was
dialog: recommended for a Medal of Valor
dialog: for disarming a bomb, and I’m
dialog: looking for any documentation you
dialog: might have on that.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
text: INSERT: Bryan pulls off the Jesse Moore file and opens
dialog: it... REVEAL Jesse’s name here.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I was told you were one of Jesse
dialog: Moore's foster parents years ago,
dialog: and I’m hoping you could tell me
dialog: what his childhood was like.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
text: INSERT: Bryan pulls off Albert Johnson's file and opens
dialog: it... REVEAL Albert’s name here.
text: Bryan at his desk on the phone --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Charlie’s 14 years old, sir, and
dialog: he’s been abused in that adult
dialog: prison for the past three nights.
dialog: He does not belong there.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: He HHH OK + FH HHH OF
dialog: *
speaker_heading: HH HF ee
dialog: *
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 57A.
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
text: INSERT: Bryan pulls off Vivian Clark’s file and opens
dialog: it... REVEAL Vivian’s name here.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Vivian Clark was one of the
dialog: teenagers who were sexually abused
dialog: at your facility, and I’m looking
dialog: for records on any of the staff
dialog: who were prosecuted.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
text: Eva at her desk on the phone.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: We know he attended your school
dialog: from sixth to eighth grade and I
dialog: was hoping we could get any school
dialog: records you might have on file.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER THE SAME DAY
text: Eva at her desk on the phone.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well, we got a tip that there were
dialog: witnesses to back his alibi and
dialog: wanted to confirm that he was
text: clocked in from midnight to 8 the
dialog: next morning.
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER THE SAME DAY
text: Eva at her desk on the phone.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: No, ma’am, it’s not a trick, we
dialog: will not charge you or your family
dialog: for anything, and we never will.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, ma’am, I’m not a lawyer, but I
dialog: promise, your son is in very good
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: He HHH OK
dialog: *
speaker_heading: eee + HH HF
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: +H HH HF
speaker_heading: A58
speaker_heading: B58
speaker_heading: c58
speaker_heading: D58
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 57B.
scene_heading: INT. EJI (EQUAL JUSTICE INITIATIVE) - DAY A58
text: BRENDA (30s, black) shakes hands with Eva and Bryan and
text: sits across from them at a conference table, a job
dialog: interview.
scene_heading: INT. EJI - A NEW DAY B58
text: Brenda and Eva stack the shelves with law books.
text: Brenda’s now a part of the team as: PRE-LAP -- The phone
speaker_heading: RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. EJI - DAY c58
text: The place is now a functioning, messy office. Brenda
text: STOPS TYPING to pick up the RINGING phone --
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Equal Justice Initiative, this is
dialog: Brenda.
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: Okay -- just -- one moment, ma’am.
dialog: (covers phone; to
dialog: Bryan)
dialog: Hey, Bryan, Mrs. Coleman has
dialog: called three times this morning
dialog: about her grandson. Sounds
dialog: desperate.
dialog: OFF Bryan’s nod --
scene_heading: INT. EJI - MOMENTS LATER D58
text: Bryan sits at his desk, phone to his ear, listening to
text: MRS. COLEMAN on the other end talking through panicked
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: MRS. COLEMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone)
text: That man was drunk again, beatin’
dialog: on my daughter so hard my grandson
dialog: thought he killed her. Charlie’s
dialog: a good boy, he was only protectin’
dialog: his mama. He did what he thought
dialog: he had to do. Now he’s in jail
dialog: with all those men, and it’s not
dialog: right. He’s only thirteen years
dialog: old.
text: Bryan empathizes with her pain, but stares at the vast
text: stacks of paperwork that already surround him. Carefully
dialog: responds --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: D58
speaker_heading: E58
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: D58
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Mrs. Coleman, I’m so sorry about
dialog: what Charlie’s going through, but
dialog: our organization focuses on death
dialog: penalty cases, and he doesn’t fall
dialog: into that category. We can try to
dialog: find another lawyer for you...
speaker_heading: MRS. COLEMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone; suddenly
dialog: praying)
dialog: Dear Lord, please help me find the
dialog: words to lead this man to see my
dialog: grandson. Tell me what to say,
dialog: Lord --
text: As she prays, Bryan looks at Eva and Brenda at their
text: desks.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
text: She's praying.
speaker_heading: BRENDA EVA
dialog: Grandma knows what she’s (nods to Brenda)
dialog: doin’. Impressive.
text: As Mrs. Coleman finishes her prayer, Bryan gives in --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Okay, ma’am... I don’t know if I
dialog: can take the case, but I’1ll go to
text: the jail and check on him.
speaker_heading: MRS. COLEMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Oh, thank you, Mr. Stevenson!
dialog: Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for
dialog: watchin’ over my baby boy.
text: Bryan can’t help but smile at her vibrant passion.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL - COMMON AREA - DAY E58
text: FOLLOW TWO JAIL GUARDS THROUGH an area filled with
text: INMATES, grown men in jumpsuits, playing cards and
dialog: hanging out.
text: TILT DOWN TO REVEAL: The PRISONER they are escorting is
text: just a 13-year-old boy, CHARLIE (black), so small they
text: had to alter his jumpsuit to fit him in it.
speaker_heading: F58
speaker_heading: G58
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 59.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL - MEETING ROOM - DAY F58
text: Bryan looks over a file, glancing up from the table as
text: the guards usher Charlie in. Bryan stands, shocked at
text: the thin, terrified child in handcuffs that stands in
text: front of him.
text: As one of the guards uncuffs Charlie, he exchanges a look
dialog: with Bryan of shared concern for how young and frail he
dialog: is.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL - MEETING ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER G58
text: Bryan sits across from Charlie, who still hasn’t made eye
text: contact, completely retreated into himself.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Charlie? Are you okay?
dialog: (off his silence)
dialog: Your grandma asked me to come and
dialog: see you. I’ma lawyer. Can you
dialog: tell me how old you are?
dialog: (off his silence)
dialog: Charlie, can you answer me?
text: Charlie gives nothing. The silence is unnerving.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I know what happened was really
dialog: terrible. I’m sure you’re worried
dialog: about your mom. She’s doing okay,
dialog: and she wants you to be okay, too.
dialog: (off Charlie's
dialog: silence)
dialog: The court wants to try you as an
dialog: adult, but I don’t think you
dialog: should be in here with all these
dialog: men. I want to help you, but you
dialog: have to talk to me, Charlie.
text: Charlie looks at the wall, then back down. Still, he
text: gives Bryan nothing. Bryan hesitates, then slowly
dialog: stands.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You mind if I sit over here?
text: Charlie remains silent as Bryan walks carefully around
text: the table and sits beside him, shoulder-to-shoulder.
text: Charlie leans forward, avoiding him. That’s when Bryan
text: sees a DARK BLOTCH on the back of his neck. He softens
text: his voice.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: G58
speaker_heading: H58
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: G58
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Charlie, are those bruises on your
dialog: neck?
text: Charlie scoots away from him, hiding his tears. Bryan
dialog: can tell something is terribly wrong. He speaks very
dialog: gently.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Did somebody in this jail do that
dialog: to you?
text: Charlie can’t hold it in anymore. He looks away and
text: begins to SOB, wipes away tears as he barely forms the
dialog: words --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I wanna go home.
text: Bryan's heart breaks, as he puts his arm around him,
dialog: determined to do whatever it takes to help this child --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It's going to be okay, Charlie.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS - LATER H58
text: JUDGE BUREN (50s, white) leans against his desk as
text: Bryan's frustration burns beneath the surface.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Your order put a thirteen-year-old
text: boy in a pen of grown men, and for
dialog: the past three nights they’ve been
text: systematically raping him, and
dialog: he’s going to carry that for the
dialog: rest of his life.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BUREN
dialog: I’m not responsible for what
text: happens in that jail.
text: Bryan takes a beat, can see he’s not getting through. He
text: shifts his tactics, searching for common humanity.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: If we look away when a child is
dialog: hurting, we’re all responsible,
dialog: sir.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have the authority to move him
text: to a juvenile center right now.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: H58
speaker_heading: J58
speaker_heading: K58
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: H58
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: If you can do that, Your Honor, I
dialog: can tell you without a doubt that
dialog: you would be saving that boy’s
dialog: life.
text: Judge Buren looks at Bryan, his words have clearly gotten
text: through. A beat as he ponders.
scene_heading: INT. BRYAN’S CIVIC - LATER I-58
text: Bryan gets into his seat and SLAMS the door, a flash of
text: the anger he was hiding, breaking through the surface.
text: Then, he takes a BREATH, shakes it off, and starts the
dialog: car.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL - COMMON AREA - LATER J58
text: Inmates continue to stroll around the area until --
text: From a back door, Bryan walks out, the two guards behind
text: him. Charlie clings to his coat, leaning into him,
text: shields his eyes from all the faces as Bryan guides him
text: through the room.
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - EVENING K58
text: Bryan sits in the office, haunted by the memory as he
dialog: updates Brenda and Eva.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: When I got up to leave the jail,
dialog: he grabbed my arm and begged me
dialog: not to go. I could hear him
text: crying from the other side of the
dialog: door.
text: Eva covers her face. Bryan waits for the wave to pass --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We have to help him.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (wipes her tears)
dialog: I know.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Brenda picks up --
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: EJI. This is Brenda.
dialog: (beat; listens)
dialog: One sec.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: K58
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: K58
text: She looks at Bryan, covers the phone.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Darnell Houston.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (takes the phone)
dialog: Hey, Darnell.
dialog: (off his frantic
dialog: voice)
dialog: Whoa, whoa, slow down. Where are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: OMITTED 58
scene_heading: EXT. MONROE COUNTY JAIL - DAY 59
text: Bryan walks with Darnell out of the jail into the small
text: parking lot. Ahead of them, downtown Monroeville looms.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (frightened; jittery)
dialog: No, sir. I’m not.
text: Bryan watches TWO OFFICERS walk by. He gently guides
text: Darnell away from them, protective.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Come on, let’s talk in my car.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/MONROE COUNTY JAIL - MOMENTS 60
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Bryan sits in the driver’s seat, Darnell in shotgun,
text: looking out the window to make sure no one’s watching.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: How the hell they lockin’ me up
dialog: for perjury if alls I did was say
dialog: the truth? I knew I shouldn’t a
dialog: signed that paper, man. Shouldn't
dialog: a listened to you.
text: Bryan’s face is tight, knowing he’s let Darnell down.
dialog: Then --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What they did is completely
dialog: illegal. I’m going to talk to the
dialog: D.A. and get the charges
dialog: dismissed. They won’t do this
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: How do you know? You can’t
dialog: control these guys.
text: Bryan, silent, realizing how true this is.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: They arrested me in the middle of
dialog: my shift, in front of my boss. I
dialog: don’t even know if I still gota
dialog: job tomorrow.
dialog: (beat; somber)
dialog: I feel bad for what they doin’ to
dialog: Johnny D, but I’m just tryin’ to
dialog: survive, man. I can’t fight these
dialog: guys. You gonna have to find
dialog: somebody else.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Just give me some time to work
dialog: this out.
text: Darnell sees an old TRUCK idling across the parking lot.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: That’s my ride. Tell Johnny D
dialog: sorry.
text: Before Bryan can respond, Darnell gets out and rushes
dialog: off.
text: Bryan sits. He looks back at the county building, anger
text: simmering. A beat before -- he can’t help himself, he
text: gets out of the car and marches back toward the jail.
scene_heading: INT. MONROE COUNTY JAIL - MOMENTS LATER 61
text: Bryan strides down the hall, he passes a BLACK FAMILY in
text: tears, a YOUNG WOMAN (18) holding a BABY in one hand, and
text: her SON (4) with the other, an OLD WOMAN praying with her
text: DAUGHTER, 2 OFFICERS escorting 4 INMATES down the stairs.
text: Bryan finds the door marked “Sheriff's Dept.” and heads --
dialog: 62
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 64.
scene_heading: INT. MONROE COUNTY JAIL - SHERIFF'S OFFICE - NEXT 62
text: Into the bullpen area of the department. 8 WHITE
text: OFFICERS turn, all eyes locked on him at once.
text: Bryan spots Sheriff Tate staring at him across the room.
text: He gathers his courage, marches across the space toward
dialog: him --
text: When he’s almost there, the man sitting across from Tate
text: turns around. Bryan stops, surprised to see Tommy
dialog: Chapman.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, Bryan. Have you met Sheriff
dialog: Tate?
text: Bryan takes a moment to process. Then, controlled
dialog: anger --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Who ordered the arrest of my
dialog: witness?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: If people make false statements
dialog: concerning this case, they’re
dialog: going to be held accountable.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You can’t arrest someone for
dialog: perjury without evidence that a
dialog: false statement has been made.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: So you're representing Mr.
dialog: Houston now, too?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Yes, I am. His statement
dialog: contradicts Bill Hooks’ entire
dialog: testimony.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hooks isn’t the state’s main
text: witness, Ralph Myers is.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Alabama code 12-21-222 requires
dialog: corroboration of accomplice
dialog: testimony, so without Hooks, the
dialog: conviction wouldn't be valid.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62
text: The two men stare each other down a beat before Tate
text: speaks, his words cloaked in infuriating charm.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: You know, I spoke to Ronda
dialog: Morrison's mother yesterday. She
dialog: was in tears, askin’ me why some
dialog: lawyer from up north was makin’
dialog: them relive all this hell again.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (remains calm)
dialog: You can tell her it’s because
dialog: McMillian didn’t kill her
dialog: daughter. And whoever did is
dialog: still out there somewhere.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I know how desperate you must be
dialog: to fulfill your fantasy of who we
dialog: are down here. Just a bunch of
dialog: corrupt Southern racists framin’
dialog: niggers for murder. And you here
dialog: to save the day. If that’s the
dialog: story you wanna believe, go right
dialog: ahead. But I know Johnny D killed
dialog: that girl, and he’s going to
dialog: answer for it.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: How do you know that? You found
dialog: no hard evidence and based your
dialog: entire case on the word of an
dialog: indicted felon who had every
dialog: incentive to tell you what you
dialog: wanted to hear.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: Ralph Myers gave us his testimony
text: on his own accord.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: And it made no sense! He couldn’t
dialog: finish a sentence without
text: contradicting himself.
text: Silence. The air sucked from the room. Both men staring
text: at each other. Bryan continues, strong, not backing
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: The charges against Darnell
dialog: Houston are baseless. You know
dialog: they’11 never stand up in court.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 62
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They should be dropped
dialog: immediately.
text: Tate stares at him a beat before smiling, cordially.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: That alright with you, Tommy?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (off Bryan's
dialog: surprise)
dialog: Doesn’t really matter, now that
dialog: the court denied your motion to
text: reopen the case.
text: Bryan stares at them both, caught completely off guard.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You didn’t get the order? The
text: judge is down in Mobile now.
dialog: Sometimes they have mail issues.
text: Bryan fights to regain his footing as Tommy stands.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You can tell Mr. Houston the
dialog: charges against him are being
dialog: dropped. I can do that much for
dialog: y'all, but anything else will have
dialog: to be raised on appeal.
text: Tate gives him a condescending nod.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE
dialog: Thanks for stoppin’ by, Counselor.
text: Bryan fights the urge to scream. A beat, he turns, walks
text: to the door with confidence, refusing to show any
dialog: intimidation.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN'S CIVIC/COUNTRY HIGHWAY - NIGHT 63
text: Bryan’s thoughts race as he watches the dark road ahead.
text: Suddenly, light reflects through his mirror. He looks
dialog: up --
text: A PAIR OF HEADLIGHTS tailing him. Bryan tries to ignore
text: it, but the car keeps inching closer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
text: Then, red and blue lights begin to FLASH -- a car from
dialog: the Sheriff's Department.
text: Bryan puts on his blinker, pulls to the side of the road.
text: The car stops behind Bryan, lights spinning.
text: TWO OFFICERS get out. The OLDER OFFICER walks
text: nonchalantly around the passenger side. The YOUNGER
text: OFFICER approaches his door, skittish and unsure.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Something wrong, Officer?
speaker_heading: YOUNGER OFFICER
text: Step out of the vehicle.
text: Bryan can see the Officer’s nerves, notices the Older
text: Officer shining a flashlight into his backseat filled
dialog: with files.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I don’t understand. I wasn’t
dialog: speeding.
speaker_heading: YOUNGER OFFICER
dialog: (ignores this)
dialog: I said step out of the vehicle.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I will get out, Officer. But can
dialog: you tell me why I’ve been stopped
dialog: first?
text: The Young Officer suddenly steps back and pulls his gun,
text: points it directly at Bryan’s head as --
speaker_heading: YOUNGER OFFICER
dialog: Get out of the goddamn car!
text: A clear flash of surprise and fear in Bryan’s eyes, can
text: see the Younger Officer’s shaking hands. He fights for
text: calm, raises his hands up, narrating every movement as --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Okay. I’ve got my hands up, okay?
dialog: I’m going to open the door now --
dialog: (opens the door)
text: I'm stepping out of the car...
dialog: (as he steps out)
text: I’m standing up... My hands are
dialog: empty.
speaker_heading: YOUNGER OFFICER
dialog: Turn around! Both hands on the
dialog: car!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 63
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 63
text: Bryan’s in survival mode, turns and lowers his hands onto
text: the car, watches the Older Officer OPEN the passenger
text: door and sloppily search through his files.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Do you have a warrant to do that,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: YOUNGER OFFICER
dialog: (jerks forward)
dialog: SHUT THE HELL UP!
text: Bryan tenses, the danger behind him ever present, doesn’t
dialog: move as, frozen in place as --
speaker_heading: YOUNGER OFFICER
dialog: DON’T MOVE! I SAID DON’T MOVE!
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m not.
text: Bryan keeps an eye on the Younger Officer’s shaking gun
text: as the Older Officer tears through his stuff. He
text: hesitates a beat, then takes a BREATH, his voice remains
dialog: steady --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Officer, there’s no reason to
dialog: point your gun at me. I am nota
dialog: threat to you. You don’t need to
dialog: be scared.
speaker_heading: YOUNGER OFFICER
dialog: Shut your goddamn mouth!
text: As Bryan freezes, the Older Officer stands and stares at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: OLDER OFFICER
dialog: You oughta be careful with your
dialog: words when you got a gun to your
dialog: head.
text: He nods to the Younger Officer, who lowers his gun,
text: shaking with adrenaline. Bryan finally BREATHES. He
text: stares as the Officers walk back to their car, a beat
dialog: before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Why did you stop me?
speaker_heading: OLDER OFFICER
dialog: We're letting you go. You should
dialog: be happy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: B64
dialog: 64
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod) 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 63
text: Bryan's frustration simmers. Their message is clear --
text: he’s no longer just being watched. The threat is real.
scene_heading: EXT. EVA'S PORCH - NIGHT A64
text: Bryan sits with Eva. She’s smoking, pissed off.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: These assholes can’t keep getting
dialog: away with this shit. We need to
dialog: file suit against the department.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That’s what they want us to do.
text: Bryan thinks a beat. Then --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We'll never be effective by just
text: reacting. They’re trying to
dialog: distract us from the work. We
dialog: have to stay focused.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (takes a drag)
dialog: So I can’t go throw a rock through
dialog: that Sheriff's window?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (shrugs; sarcastic)
dialog: Just don’t leave any fingerprints.
dialog: OFF Eva's smile --
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - VISITING ROOM - DAY 64
text: Bryan sits across from Walter, has just broken the news
dialog: of their recent defeat.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Even if they drop the charges,
dialog: they know Darnell ain’t gonna
dialog: testify after what they done.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I know it’s a big hit, but we just
dialog: have to find more evidence to file
dialog: another motion.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: They’1l just block that, too...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: If they can put me on the row for
dialog: a year without a trial, they can
dialog: do whatever the hell they want.
text: Bryan's clearly shocked by this statement. A beat
dialog: before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: They put you on death row before
dialog: your trial?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: The Sheriff drove me hisself.
dialog: Said I was gettin’ a taste of
dialog: what’s comin’ if I don’t confess.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (beat; shrugs)
dialog: I don’t know, man, I can’t keep
dialog: track. They been doin’ shit like
dialog: this to us as long as I can
dialog: remember.
text: Bryan silent. Walter takes a sobered beat before
dialog: continuing.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: When I was twelve years old, they
dialog: lynched a man in our county named
dialog: Russell Charley. He was a friend
dialog: of my parents, had two boys around
dialog: my age. I remember hearin’ my dad
dialog: tell my mom how they found him
text: hangin’ from a tree in the woods,
text: body full of bullet holes. Police
dialog: ain’t even bother to look into it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: After something like that
dialog: everybody on alert. Be invisible,
dialog: that’s what my mamma used to say.
dialog: If they can’t see you, they can’t
dialog: get you.
dialog: (off Bryan’s look)
dialog: They good at makin’ us scared.
dialog: That’s how they keep us down.
dialog: Ain’t no different to what they
dialog: doin’ to you out there, or to us
dialog: in here. They just took us from
text: the tree to the chair.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod) 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 64
text: Walter sits in this thought for a long beat, can see
dialog: Bryan processing.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: They comin’ after you out there,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: They’re not making it easy.
text: Walter thinks a long beat before answering.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Well, maybe you should think about
dialog: training up another lawyer or
dialog: somethin’, ‘cause I’m still gonna
dialog: need help if they take you out.
text: Bryan looks up, sees his growing smile, throws it back --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Oh, so this isn’t like a... I go
dialog: down, we both go down together
dialog: kind of thing?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Hell no, man, you on your own! I
dialog: got enough to worry about over
dialog: here.
text: The two men share a LAUGH. Once they settle, Walter
dialog: brings them back to reality --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: So, if we don’t got Darnell,
dialog: what’s the next move?
text: Bryan thinks a beat, the answer is a controversial one.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I think we should talk to Ralph
dialog: Myers.
text: Walter sits back, shocked.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Maybe you should stick with your
dialog: head ‘cause that’s a terrible
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 64
dialog: 65-75
speaker_heading: AT6
speaker_heading: B76
dialog: 76
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 64
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I know it’s risky, but if I get
dialog: him talking, maybe we can find out
dialog: what he really knows.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You ain’t gonna get nothin’ but
text: lies off him.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (nods )
dialog: I‘ll be careful!
speaker_heading: OMITTED 65-75
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA - SERIES OF SHOTS OF A76
text: IN QUICK SUCCESSION.
text: -- The ALABAMA RIVER in the morning light --
scene_heading: -- The towering MONTGOMERY STATE COURTHOUSE --
scene_heading: -- The large complex of ST. CLAIR CORRECTIONAL PRISON --
scene_heading: INT. ST. CLAIR'S CORRECTIONAL - DAY B76
text: FOLLOW SHOT -- BEHIND Ralph Myers as he’s escorted to the
text: visiting room. We don’t see his face.
scene_heading: INT. ST. CLAIR CORRECTIONAL - VISITING ROOM - DAY 76
text: FOLLOW RALPH MYERS (50) INTO a room full of PRISONERS and
text: VISITORS. Bryan stands to look at him.
text: Ralph is frail and vulnerable, but with eyes sharp and
dialog: roaming. Dangerous.
text: Bryan nods as Ralph approaches. Up close, the map of
text: burn scars across his face adds an extra air of menace.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Hi, Mr. Myers.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: You Bobby?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Bryan.
text: He extends his hand. Ralph looks at it, a beat before --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Maybe later.
text: A PRISONER LAUGHS LOUDLY across the room. Ralph JUMPS,
text: scans the room, deeply paranoid. After a beat --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Do you mind if we sit down?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: You buyin’ me a Coke first? Or
dialog: you gonna make me stare at them
dialog: vending machines all day?
text: Ralph motions to the VENDING MACHINES along the wall. A
text: beat before -- Bryan nods, turns, and walks to the
dialog: machines as --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Sunkist Orange and some Jujyfruits
dialog: if they got ‘em!
scene_heading: INT. ST. CLAIR CORRECTIONAL —- VISITING ROOM - MOMENTS 77
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Bryan watches Ralph open his Jujyfruits and eat one.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Thank you for meeting me, Mr.
dialog: Myers.
text: Ralph CRACKS open his orange soda, takes a big SIP.
text: Bryan waits for him to finish, pen and notebook ready.
dialog: Finally --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Could we start by talking about
dialog: your testimony against Johnny D?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (burps )
dialog: No.
dialog: (off Bryan's
dialog: confusion)
dialog: I ain’t talkin’ about him.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That’s the only reason I’m here.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Well, if you don’t like it, leave.
text: Ralph takes a SIP, clocking Bryan’s disappointment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Aw, come on, don’t look so sad, we
dialog: can still talk about other stuff.
dialog: I like talkin’. My wife says if I
dialog: got paid for every word I said,
dialog: we'd be a couple a billionaires.
text: Bryan considers his options, closes his notebook,
text: carefully begins to guide the conversation, drawing him
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: How long have you been married?
speaker_heading: RALPH
text: Long enough to pop out a couple a’
dialog: kids and watch her turn ‘em all
dialog: against me. You got kids?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (trying to steer)
dialog: No, I don’t. Johnny D does.
text: Ralph doesn’t take the bait, continues --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: The thing about kids is, they
dialog: ain’t nothin’ like havin’ a dog.
dialog: It is a whole different thing. I
dialog: wish somebody told me that
dialog: earlier... My kids think they got
dialog: it so bad but they ain’t seen
dialog: nothin’ like I seen. Try makin’
dialog: it as a foster kid your whole damn
dialog: life, soon as you figure out one
dialog: shitty parent, they movin’ you to
dialog: a new one.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Sorry, that must have been really
dialog: hard.
text: Ralph looks at him to see if he’s sincere -- he is.
text: Ralph nods, something softening in him. A beat. Then --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: How many kids he got?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Johnny D? He has three.
text: Ralph ponders this as he takes another SIP. Bryan can
text: see his wheels turning. He decides to step out ona
dialog: limb.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 75.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: (2) 77
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Mr. Myers... I know you made a
dialog: deal with the State, but I don’t
dialog: think they told you Johnny D was
dialog: going to die because of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m sure that’s not easy to carry,
dialog: and I’m hoping there’s a part of
dialog: you that wants to make things
dialog: right.
text: Bryan lets that sit for a beat. Ralph seems to be
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Something made you agree to this
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Maybe I was just bored.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I don’t think that’s true.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can we please talk about your
dialog: testimony?
text: Ralph looks off, seems to really consider the question
text: when -- BAM! He jumps, looks around, only to find a
text: VISITOR BANGING on one of the vending machines. He
text: begins to LAUGH, then --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: From the first day they lock my
dialog: ass up in Escambia, for something
dialog: I’m tellin’ you I ain’t had
dialog: nothing to do with, all them
dialog: police wanna talk about is Ronda
dialog: Morrison. Morrison this, and
dialog: Morrison that. Sometime four or
dialog: five of ‘em in the room at the
dialog: same time.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: They were questioning you about
dialog: her the day you were arrested?
text: Ralph looks at him nervously, dodges the question.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Alls I’m sayin’ is, ain’t nobody
dialog: cared about a damn thing besides
dialog: who killed that girl.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: es
dialog: *
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 75A.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: (3) 77
speaker_heading: RALPH (CONT'D)
dialog: And when people care about a thing
dialog: that much, they do anything to get
dialog: what they want.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 77
speaker_heading: RALPH (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat; shakes head)
dialog: You know they’11 kill you if you
dialog: get to the bottom of this, right?
text: Off Bryan’s surprise, Ralph LAUGHS AGAIN, suddenly
dialog: stands.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: We done here, Bobby. Thanks for
dialog: the Jujies.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Ralph, please. We’re not
dialog: finished.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: I am.
text: He walks to the door, YELLS to the guard --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Ready, boss!
text: Bryan watches Ralph go, his words ringing in his head.
scene_heading: EXT. PAY PHONE (COUNTRY) - LATER 78
text: Bryan stands, phone cradled to his ear --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: He said he was questioned about
dialog: Ronda Morrison the day he was
dialog: arrested on June third. But the
dialog: only statement they presented in
dialog: court was recorded almost two
dialog: months later.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 79
text: Eva listens to Bryan on SPEAKERPHONE --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You think they’re hiding that
dialog: first statement somewhere?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 79
speaker_heading: BRYAN (V.O.)
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: If they are, it might be at the
dialog: Escambia Courthouse with the files
dialog: for his other case. You know
dialog: anyone over there?
text: Before she can respond, Brenda looks up from her desk --
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: INT. ESCAMBIA COUNTY EVIDENCE ARCHIVES - DAY 80
text: The evidence custodian, DORIS (40, black), THUMPS two
text: boxes on the counter in front of Brenda and Bryan.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: That’s everything we got on Myers.
dialog: Y’all can make copies over there.
speaker_heading: BRYAN DORIS
dialog: Thank you, ma’am. Sure, baby.
text: Bryan smiles as he grabs the boxes and heads for the copy
text: machine. Doris looks at Brenda.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: He’s cute. Married?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Married to his work. How’s Uncle
dialog: Mickey doin’?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: He’s buildin’ another shed ‘cause the
dialog: other two apparently ain’t enough.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Man’s gotta have a project.
text: As Brenda keeps her occupied, Bryan goes through the
text: boxes, pulls out a stack of cassette tapes, duplicate
text: copies of each. He turns back to Doris, plays it cool --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You mind if I take a copy of
dialog: these?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: They ain’t payin’ me enough to
dialog: stop you.
text: Doris and Brenda resume their talk as --
dialog: 81
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 78.
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - NIGHT 81
text: Eva and Brenda at the table, pore over the photocopied
dialog: files.
text: Bryan at his desk listening to the tapes on headphones --
text: faint VOICES bleeding through. Something grabs his
text: attention. He jots a note. Hits STOP. REWIND. PULLS
dialog: off his headphones --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You gotta hear this.
text: He unplugs his headphones and hits PLAY so they can hear
text: as RALPH’S VOICE fills the air --
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: I understand that, Sheriff...
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That’s Myers.
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: That’s what I’m trying to tell
dialog: you, because I’m gonna be honest,
dialog: I don’t know a damn thing.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That’s Tate.
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: Yes, sir, it’s righter than
dialog: anything I’ve ever said.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: And you would take a polygraph to
dialog: the fact that you do not know who
dialog: killed Ronda Morrison.
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.0O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: That’s right, sir, I will.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TATE (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape; beat;
dialog: frustrated)
dialog: And you would face the person that
dialog: could testify --
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape; firm and
dialog: strong)
dialog: I will face any damn body in this
dialog: world on that, ‘cause it’s a stone
dialog: lie. And if you askin’ me to
dialog: frame a innocent man for murder,
dialog: that just ain’t somethin’ I’m
dialog: willin’ to do.
text: Bryan STOPS the tape, looks to Brenda and Eva, stunned
dialog: until --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Holy shit.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE FOSTER’S OFFICE - DAY 82
text: Bryan and Tommy across from JUDGE FOSTER (60s), white,
text: formidable, and commanding, finishing his lunch.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Your Honor, we’ve submitted this
dialog: statement with another motion for
dialog: a new trial, but all of our work
dialog: so far has been without any access
dialog: to the State’s files --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Askin’ the State to furnish these
dialog: broad, generalized requests is a
dialog: waste of all our time and taxpayer
dialog: money. None of the requested
dialog: materials are relevant to this
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: Your main witness contradicting
dialog: his own trial testimony seems
dialog: pretty relevant to me.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Those tapes were taken from a
dialog: completely different
dialog: investigation!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: A83
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: A84
dialog: 84
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (looks to the judge)
dialog: This is about whether or not the
dialog: State withheld critical
dialog: exculpatory evidence, which would
dialog: require a new trial. Brady vs.
dialog: Maryland entitles us to see
dialog: everything else they have.
text: OFF Bryan's charged stare --
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - DAY A83
text: Bryan and Brenda walk in with TWO BOXES in hand. Eva
text: takes them from Brenda and stacks them in the conference
text: room with MORE BOXES -- they won the motion.
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - LATE NIGHT 83
text: Brenda writes labels on yellow stickies, cataloging a
text: vast inventory of new evidence. Eva pulls a stack of
text: files from a box, hands it to her.
text: Bryan FLIPS through a THICK, RED BINDER. He finds
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (reads )
dialog: Walter McMillian, admitted to
text: Holman Prison’s death row on
dialog: August 1, 1987, over a year before
text: his trial. Signed by the warden.
text: They all exchange a look before jumping back into their
dialog: work, knowing there’s so much more to discover.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLMAN PRISON - NIGHT (ESTABLISHING) A84
scene_heading: INT. HERBERT’S CELL - NIGHT 84
text: The dead of night. The lights all off along the row.
text: Herbert sits slumped against the wall, exhausted and
dialog: drained.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 84
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S CELL
text: Walter stands at his cell door, knows what’s on his
dialog: friend’s mind. A beat before --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Herbert! You okay over there?
text: Herbert doesn’t respond, fighting back tears. A beat
dialog: before --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You gotta get your mind off
dialog: tomorrow, man, it ain’t over.
dialog: Bryan's workin’ it out right now.
dialog: The court always waits till the
dialog: last minute. They gonna give you
dialog: that stay.
text: Herbert's mind is elsewhere. He rocks back and forth.
text: Shakes his head, begins to HYPERVENTILATE. It’s unclear
text: whether he’s talking to himself or to Walter.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Why d-d-did I make that bomb? Why
dialog: did I do that?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (knowing)
dialog: Don’t go there, Herb.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: (growing manic)
dialog: I wasn’t tryin’ to hurt nobody.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Why am I so stupid? What’s wrong
dialog: with me?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: The war made you sick, Herb.
dialog: You’re still sick.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: That girl wasn’t s-s-posed to come
dialog: by and pick it up. She w-wasn’t
dialog: s’posed to. She wasn’t --
text: Herbert BREAKS, squeezes his temples, wishing his brain
dialog: worked right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 84
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Come on, Herb. You gotta slow
dialog: your mind down. Remember what we
dialog: practiced... Slow breaths.
text: Herbert finally listens, leans his head back, body tight
text: with rigid agony until -- he manages a single DEEP BREATH --
text: So loud Walter can hear it. He nods. Closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That’s good. Now close your eyes,
dialog: get away from all this. No more
dialog: walls, no more guards, no more
dialog: wars to fight, just you, out in
dialog: the open, fresh air on your
dialog: face...
text: SLOW PUSH ON Walter as he remembers --
scene_heading: FANTASY - EXT. ESTATE (ALABAMA) 85
text: LOOKING DOWN AT Walter in the grove of pines, he looks up
text: at the treetops, swaying in the wind.
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.)
dialog: Look at them pine trees that been
dialog: growin’ since way before we was
dialog: born, and gonna keep on growin’
dialog: way after we gone. They been
dialog: through all the same shit we been
dialog: through and more, but they still
text: dancing in the breeze.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S CELL/HERBERT’S CELL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 86
speaker_heading: (REALITY)
text: Walter's eyes are still closed. Quiet.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You see ‘em?
text: Herbert’s eyes quiver beneath his closed lids. He’s
dialog: calm.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Don't think about nothin’ else,
dialog: just stay right there. It’s gonna
dialog: be okay, brother.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
text: Herbert takes a deep BREATH, fights to keep his panic at
dialog: bay.
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - LATE NIGHT 87
scene_heading: INSERT: CLOSEUP ON “HERBERT LEE RICHARDSON” as Bryan
text: types. (NOTE: THIS COULD BE THE TITLE PAGE THAT THEY
scene_heading: FAX, OR ANOTHER PAGE THAT HE’S TYPING WHICH CLEARLY
scene_heading: STATES HIS NAME.)
text: Bryan types at rapid speed, transcribing a handwritten
text: draft from a messy notebook.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I need Strickland vs. Washington,
dialog: and the affidavit from Herbert's
dialog: Sergeant.
text: Eva grabs a binder from the shelf as Brenda finds the
text: affidavit and hands it to him. Like clockwork.
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - LATE NIGHT 88
text: Silence as Bryan flips to the last page of the petition,
text: quickly proofreading. He seems satisfied.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Let’s send it.
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - LATE NIGHT 89
text: Brenda feeds the “PETITION FOR A WRIT OF CERTIORARI”
text: through a fax machine. Page header: “SUPREME COURT OF
dialog: THE U.S.”
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We wait.
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - THE NEXT DAY 90
text: Bryan and Eva sit at the table, a box of files in front
text: of them. Bryan should be reading, but he can’t take his
text: eyes off the clock -- 4:42, counting the seconds.
text: The phone RINGS. Bryan picks up, still hopeful.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: EJI, this is Bryan Stevenson.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: COURT CLERK (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Mr. Stevenson, the court has just
dialog: entered an order in case number 89-
dialog: 5395; the motion for a stay of
dialog: execution and petition for writ of
dialog: certiorari have been denied.
dialog: We’ll fax copies of the order to
dialog: your office shortly.
text: As Bryan listens, Eva and Brenda watch his expression
dialog: fall.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Okay.
text: Bryan hangs up, sits in silence, staring at the wall.
text: Eva knows what’s on his mind, deep in thought herself
dialog: before --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: When they executed Wayne Ritter, I
dialog: tortured myself over whether or
dialog: not to go... But some things are
dialog: just too much.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He knows how much you’ve done for
dialog: him. You don’t have to watch him
dialog: die to show him you care.
text: Bryan nods. He understands this. But then, very plainly --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: He asked me to be there.
text: Eva can see that he doesn’t have a choice. A beat, she
dialog: nods --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I‘ll drive you, then.
text: OFF Bryan’s look of gratitude for his friend --
scene_heading: INT. HERBERT'S CELL/DEATH ROW WALKWAY - LATER 91
text: Herbert sits on his bed. Jeremy, the guard who strip-
text: searched Bryan, stands nervously outside with an OLDER
speaker_heading: GUARD.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Come on, Herbert. We gotta go.
text: Herbert hesitates, shaking with fear. He stands with a
text: nod, then steps out onto the walkway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 91
text: He glances to the cell next door, can just make out
text: Walter on the other side.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: (to the guards)
dialog: Can I say b-b-bye to my friends?
text: Jeremy looks unsure, but the older guard nods, familiar
text: with this routine. They usher Herbert to Walter’s cell
dialog: as --
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S AND ANTHONY'S CELLS
text: Walter looks at Herbert through the small opening in the
text: center of his door, can see how scared he is --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: When it get too much, you take
dialog: them deep breaths and let your
dialog: mind go.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: (beat; terrified nod)
dialog: Wish I d-d-didn’t have to do this
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You not alone, brother. We all
dialog: with you.
dialog: (to Anthony’s cell)
dialog: Ain’t that right, Anthony?!
text: Anthony stands at his cell door, watching, listening --
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: That's right, Herb. You ain’t rid
dialog: of us yet!
text: Herbert almost smiles, but the weight is too heavy. He
text: looks at Walter, nods.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: You been a good friend.
text: Walter tries to speak, but his words get caught in his
text: throat. Herbert manages a small smile, then turns and
text: walks away, leaving him with an emptiness he hasn’t felt
dialog: in years.
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 86.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING ROOM - LATER 92
text: Electric clippers BUZZ through Herbert’s hair. A GUARD
text: mans the clippers, shaving off everything.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - WITNESS ROOM - LATER 93
text: Jeremy and a CHAMBER GUARD set up folding chairs in the
text: small witness execution room.
text: Jeremy looks THROUGH the viewing window to see another
text: GUARD checking the straps on the yellow electric chair.
speaker_heading: CHAMBER GUARD
dialog: (off Jeremy’s nerves)
dialog: First time in the chamber, huh?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CHAMBER GUARD
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: Don’t think too much, or you’ll
dialog: lose your shit.
text: Jeremy nods, tries to be strong as he unfolds another
dialog: chair.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY/EXECUTION WAITING CELL - LATER 94
text: A FEMALE GUARD leads Bryan into a holding cell to find
text: Herbert sitting alone, all his hair and eyebrows are
text: completely shaved off.
text: As the Guard enters, Herbert looks up, shaken and
dialog: humiliated.
speaker_heading: FEMALE GUARD
dialog: Need anything, Mr. Richardson?
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: You still gonna play my song?
speaker_heading: FEMALE GUARD
dialog: We got it cued up and ready.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Thank you.
text: She leaves. Herbert shakes his head as Bryan approaches.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 87.
speaker_heading: 94 CONTINUED: 94
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: This been a strange day... More p-
dialog: people ask how they can help me
dialog: today than ever asked in my whole
dialog: life.
text: He looks at Bryan, seemingly for the first time.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Do I look funny? I didn’t know
dialog: they was gonna s-s-shave off
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (beat; tender)
dialog: You look fine.
text: Bryan sits down beside Herbert. Remains calm for him.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Most people d-don’t get to think
dialog: all day about it bein’ their last
dialog: day alive.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's different than Nam... least I
dialog: had a chance there.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (beat; finds the
dialog: words )
dialog: I’m sorry, Herbert.
text: Herbert looks at him, nothing but gratitude in his eyes.
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: You the only one that c-cared
dialog: enough to fight for me.
text: The statement hits Bryan hard, fighting back his emotions
dialog: as --
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: I t-told the Army to send my flag
dialog: to you, if that’s okay.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’'d be honored.
text: Herbert smiles through his pain. Then, a scared beat
dialog: before --
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: Can you pray with me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 94
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Of course.
text: Herbert nods his thanks, letting go of his fear for just
text: a moment as they bow their heads.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 95
text: The Female Guard enters, nods to the CONTROL ROOM GUARD.
speaker_heading: FEMALE GUARD
dialog: They’re ready.
text: He turns, PUSHES PLAY on a small boombox aimed at the
dialog: intercom microphone as --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S CELL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 96
text: Walter sits on the floor, silent as ELLA FITZGERALD'S
text: version of “OLD RUGGED CROSS” begins to play over the
scene_heading: P.A. SYSTEM.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTION HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION 97
text: “Old Rugged Cross” echoes through the empty hallway as --
text: The cell door opens. Herbert steps out, handcuffed, led
text: by the WARDEN, followed by Jeremy, the older guard, and
text: the PRIEST. They begin the long walk to the chamber.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH ROW WALKWAY/WALTER’S CELL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 98
scene_heading: “Old Rugged Cross” continues. EVERY DEATH ROW PRISONER
text: stands at the bars of their cells, all SILENT, WAITING
speaker_heading: SHADOWS.
text: INSIDE HIS CELL -- Anthony lies in bed, arm over his
dialog: face.
text: INSIDE HIS CELL -- Walter sits on the floor, waiting.
scene_heading: INT. WITNESS ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 99
scene_heading: MUSIC CONTINUES -- 20 WITNESSES (cops and reporters, all
text: white) in the small room, window in front, closed
dialog: curtain.
text: Bryan sits among them as the curtains part to reveal --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 99
text: Herbert stands beside the electric chair. He looks lost
text: and confused as the warden WHISPERS something to him.
text: Herbert’s gaze finds Bryan in the crowd, his one anchor.
text: Then, trembling, he addresses the witnesses --
speaker_heading: HERBERT
dialog: I’m s-sorry for all the p-p-pain I
dialog: caused.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTION CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS ACTION 100
text: The warden leads Herbert to the chair, helps him sit down
text: as Jeremy walks up. He looks to the older guard,
text: opposite side of the chair. The older guard nods.
text: Jeremy takes hold of Herbert’s hand, forces it down into
text: the wrist restraint. He looks up as Herbert glances at
dialog: him.
text: Herbert’s fear hits Jeremy hard. He tries not to think
text: about it, shakes it off, finishes the restraints as --
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN EXECUTION CHAMBER, WITNESSES, AND DEATH
speaker_heading: ROW --
scene_heading: INT. DEATH ROW - NIGHT 101
scene_heading: -- IN WALTER’S CELL --
text: Walter walks to his door. Begins to BANG his cup against
text: the bars, increasing in speed and intensity as --
scene_heading: -- IN ANTHONY'S CELL --
text: Anthony gets out of bed, bangs on his door with his
dialog: fists.
text: The REST OF THE ROW joins in, BANGING on their metal
text: doors with cups and fists. A GROWING WAVE OF PROTEST --
scene_heading: INT. WITNESS ROOM - NIGHT 102
text: As the warden reads Herbert his DEATH WARRANT, they hear
text: the distant sound of BANGING.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH ROW - NIGHT 103
text: The BANGING PEAKS. Walter takes a BREATH --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 103
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: WE ALL WITH YOU, HERB!
text: CAMERA SPINS to reveal the line of cells, a hundred other
text: VOICES join in, SHOUTING to Herbert at the top of their
dialog: lungs as --
text: AN INMATE throws a roll of toilet paper from his cell. A
text: SECOND INMATE throws his metal cup. We SWING WITH the
dialog: cup as it falls TO the --
speaker_heading: FIRST FLOOR
text: We PICK UP the cup as it bounces off the wall and REVEAL
text: another row of SHOUTING INMATES.
scene_heading: INT. WITNESS ROOM - NIGHT 104
text: Everyone can clearly hear the MEN SHOUTING ON THE ROW,
text: echoing through the vent. Bryan looks back to Herbert as --
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTION CHAMBER - NIGHT 105
text: Herbert listens to the sound of his friends CLANGING and
text: SCREAMING through the walls. He remembers Walter's
text: advice, closes his eyes, slows his BREATH, lets the
text: VOICES wash over him. Everything slows as --
text: Jeremy grabs a yellow sign that says “READY,” holds it up
text: to a circular window that looks into the generator room.
text: We FOLLOW him as he leaves the room, shuts the door,
text: walks DOWN the hall, and TAPS on the door with a large
dialog: key.
scene_heading: INT. GENERATOR ROOM - NIGHT 106
text: The EXECUTIONER hears the TAPPING, walks to a big
text: generator, and FLIPS the switch.
text: TOTAL SILENCE -- All sound drops out completely.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 107
text: Jeremy stands in the hallway, stares THROUGH a window,
text: eyes on Herbert until -- he averts his gaze, can’t take
dialog: it as --
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 91.
scene_heading: INT. WITNESS ROOM - WINDOW - NIGHT 108
text: Bryan can barely watch, the ghostly IMAGE of Herbert’s
text: pulsing body reflected dimly in the glass as --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S CELL - NIGHT 109
text: Walter stops clanging his cup, staring in Herbert's
text: direction, feeling the loss of his friend.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. HOLMAN PARKING LOT/BRYAN’S CIVIC - NIGHT 110
text: Eva sits on the hood of her car, numbing her stress with
text: a cigarette. A few GUARDS and REPORTERS walk to their
dialog: cars.
text: Eva finishes her smoke as, across the parking lot, Bryan
text: slowly approaches. She can clearly see his shock and
text: pain from what he just witnessed. A long beat, then --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You okay?
text: Bryan shakes his head, can’t even speak. He opens the
text: passenger door and gets in. Worry etched across her
text: face, Eva gets into the driver’s seat and sits beside
dialog: him.
text: She doesn’t start the car. Sitting in a long silence
dialog: until --
text: Bryan tries to say something, but words don’t come,
text: caught in his throat, the emotion hits him suddenly like
text: a storm, a dam breaking as all of his clients’ pain pours
text: out of him.
text: Eva burns with compassion for this man who has become her
text: friend. She reaches over and wraps her arm around him,
text: allowing him to let it out.
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - LATE NIGHT 111
text: Bryan sits alone at his desk, back to doing the one thing
text: he knows -- disappearing into his work, poring over
text: transcripts and files from Walter’s case.
scene_heading: INSERT PAPERWORK -- Walter’s mug shot (OR A PHOTO FROM
text: HIS FAMILY PHOTOS), or paper that says Walter McMillian
text: (something that makes it clear he’s looking at Walter’s
dialog: case.)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: + eH
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 91a.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 111
text: As he reads, something grabs his attention. He stands,
text: grabs the THICK, RED BINDER, the intake log from Holman
text: Prison. He DROPS it on the table and FLIPS through
dialog: pages.
text: He stops at a page. Whatever he’s looking at, it’s big.
dialog: 112
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 92.
scene_heading: INT. ST. CLAIR CORRECTIONAL - VISITING ROOM - DAY 112
text: BOOM! The door SLAMS behind Ralph Myers.
text: Bryan sits at the table in the EMPTY ROOM, he doesn’t
dialog: stand or have the space for any bullshit. As Ralph
dialog: approaches --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Hope this important news of yours
dialog: comes with somethin’ to eat,
dialog: ‘cause I’m starvin’.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (calm but firm)
dialog: Sit down, Mr. Myers.
text: Ralph sees how serious he is, takes his seat.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: You was a lot nicer last time.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That was before I saw my friend
dialog: executed.
text: Ralph is sobered. News of executions hit every prisoner
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: You knew that guy?
text: Bryan nods, lets this sit for a moment before continuing.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I heard the recording of the first
dialog: statement you made on June 3. The
dialog: one they didn’t present in court.
dialog: (off Ralph's
dialog: surprise)
dialog: You told the Sheriff you didn’t
dialog: know anything about Johnny D or
dialog: the murder. You told him you
dialog: didn’t want to frame an innocent
dialog: man. Do you remember saying that?
text: Ralph looks at him like a deer in headlights.
dialog: Speechless.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What I’m wondering, is how you
dialog: went from knowing nothing about
dialog: the murder on June third, to
dialog: becoming the State’s key witness
dialog: three months later? What changed
dialog: your mind?
text: After a beat, Bryan grabs the THICK, RED BINDER and
text: places it on the table, begins to flip through it. Ralph
text: watches, can’t help his curiosity.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: The intake log for Holman Prison.
text: Ralph watches him stop at a page.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: On August 1, 1987, Sheriff Tate
dialog: transferred two inmates from
dialog: county jail to death row. Walter
dialog: McMillian...
text: He spins the binder around to face Ralph.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: «+. and you.
text: Ralph's face drops, his nerves firing. Bryan looks at
text: him with compassion, aware of the pain he’s been put
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Did they move you to death row
dialog: because you didn’t want to testify
dialog: against him?
text: Something shifts in Ralph, suddenly looks like a child.
text: The fear in his eyes makes it obvious the answer is yes.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: They executed Wayne Ritter just a
dialog: few weeks after you got there.
dialog: Isn't that right?
text: Ralph looks at him, his wall beginning to crack as he
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I was in the witness room when
dialog: they killed Herbert Richardson
dialog: Thursday night.
dialog: (
speaker_heading: MORE
speaker_heading: ) (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 94,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 112
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It was the worst thing I’ve ever
dialog: experienced.
dialog: (beat; caring)
dialog: I’m sure Ritter’s execution wasn’t
dialog: easy for you, either.
dialog: Ralph can see how much it affected him. Their shared
text: experience breaks down his defense. He shifts in his
text: seat, remembering, finally feels safe enough to speak.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: They put me in the cell closest to
dialog: the kill room...
dialog: (long beat; fidgets)
dialog: Middle of the night, everybody
dialog: started screamin’ and bangin’ on
dialog: the bars. And then... then come
text: the smell of his skin burnin’.
text: Ralph points to the burn scar on his face.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: I know that smell.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (careful)
dialog: Can I ask what happened?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: I was sleepin’ in my foster mom's
text: basement and her heater blowed up,
dialog: catched my PJs on fire. I
dialog: screamed for two minutes straight
dialog: before they found me.
dialog: (beat; grows
dialog: frustrated)
dialog: Everybody knowed that I got a fear
dialog: of bein’ burned. They knowed what
dialog: it do to my head to be in a place
dialog: like that.
dialog: (looks to Bryan)
dialog: I couldn’t stop shaking all night,
text: curled up on the floor cryin’ like
text: a baby, tryin’ to breathe, but
dialog: every breath just give you another
dialog: taste of the man they killed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can’t go through somethin’
dialog: like that and come out the same.
dialog: Bryan understands exactly what he means.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 112
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m sorry they did that to you.
text: Ralph sees Bryan’s empathy. A new trust growing between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: The next morning, I called the
dialog: Sheriff and told him I'd say
dialog: whatever he wanted if he got me
dialog: out. He took my statement and
dialog: moved me back to county the same
dialog: day.
text: Bryan sees his window, gently pushes forward.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That's why you lied in your
dialog: testimony.
text: Ralph looks at him, can see what he’s doing. He doesn’t
dialog: bite, tries to rebuild his wall --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: I didn’t say nothin’ about
dialog: lyin’... now you puttin’ words in
dialog: my mouth.
text: He tries to look strong, but clearly overwhelmed by guilt
text: and fear. Bryan continues with caution.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Mr. Myers, we’re going to court
dialog: very soon to try to get Johnny D
dialog: the retrial he deserves. And I'd
dialog: really like you to take the stand.
text: Ralph searches Bryan’s face, wondering if he can trust
text: him. Bryan can see he’s getting through. It’s time to
dialog: close --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: They’re using you to condemn a man
dialog: who you have much more in common
dialog: with than you think... and if any
dialog: part of you wants to make things
dialog: right, this is the last chance
dialog: you’ll get to do that.
text: Ralph looks at him, struggling with the weight of this
dialog: decision. OFF this look --
speaker_heading: A113
speaker_heading: B113
speaker_heading: C113
dialog: 113
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 96.
scene_heading: EXT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - MORNING A113
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: APRIL 16, 1992
text: ALICE BROOKS (REPORTER) speaks into the camera in front
text: of the courthouse. PEOPLE (black and white) file in
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: ALICE BROOKS
dialog: The tension is high this morning
dialog: here at the Baldwin County
text: Courthouse, where a hearing is
dialog: being held to see if the man
dialog: convicted of killing Ronda
dialog: Morrison deserves a new trial.
dialog: Miss Morrison was only eighteen
dialog: years old when she was murdered at
dialog: Jackson Cleaners in Monroeville,
dialog: Alabama. Many have taken the two-
dialog: hour drive here from Monroeville
dialog: to show their support.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Extra security precautions were
dialog: implemented due to the highly
dialog: emotional nature of this case.
text: BLACK FOLK stream out of a church bus. Minnie, John,
text: Jackie, and Evelyn walk from their car, dressed in Sunday
text: best. Bryan, Eva, and Brenda exit his car and head in,
dialog: focused.
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - LOBBY - MOMENTS LATER B113
text: A CROWD (all black) files through a metal detector, 2
text: GUARDS standing by. Another GUARD holds a German
text: shepherd as it BARKS at a WOMAN who jumps back in fear.
text: Sheriff Tate enters the courtroom with Tommy and his
scene_heading: ASSISTANT ATTORNEY.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HOLDING CELL - MOMENTS LATER C113
text: Walter exits the holding cell in leg irons and a waist
text: chain, guided by Jeremy and ANOTHER GUARD.
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - HALL - LATER 113
text: FOLLOW Walter, Jeremy, and the other guard down a
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96A.
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog)
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE BROOKS (V.O.)
dialog: Ronda Morrison’s parents said they
dialog: have no doubt Mr. McMillian is the
dialog: man responsible for the murder of
dialog: their daughter.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod) 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 113
speaker_heading: ALICE BROOKS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But members of McMillian’s family
dialog: claim they have the wrong man.
text: Much of today’s hearing is hinging
dialog: on the testimony of Ralph Myers, a
dialog: convicted felon, who was the key
dialog: witness against McMillian in the
dialog: original trial.
text: Walter tries to keep himself together as they push
text: through the door, walk into --
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - DAY 114
text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep
text: his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes.
text: The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK).
text: At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the
text: prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them.
text: Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his notes.
text: Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and
text: Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side.
text: Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving
text: him strength with their nods and smiles.
text: Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and
text: pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to
dialog: be strong.
text: He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s
text: cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though
text: it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - MOMENTS 115
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Jeremy takes his place in the back as Judge Foster, stern
text: and commanding in his robe, looks up from his seat in
dialog: front.
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: What we'll be talking about today
text: is obviously an emotional issue.
dialog: And if any of y’all don’t think
dialog: you can maintain a reasonable
dialog: degree of decorum, then I would
dialog: ask you to leave now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All right, if we are ready, then,
dialog: we will proceed. Mr. Stevenson?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Thank you, Your Honor.
text: Bryan stands. He glances back at Walter’s family, meets
text: Eva's eyes. She gives a reassuring nod. Then -- DEEP
text: BREATH, remembering how many are counting on him. He
text: turns forward.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: The State’s case against Walter
dialog: McMillian turned entirely on the
dialog: testimony of Ralph Myers. There
dialog: was no other evidence to establish
dialog: Mr. McMillian’s guilt. No
dialog: physical evidence linking him to
dialog: the crime, no motive, no
dialog: witnesses. Only the word of one
dialog: man.
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: We call Ralph Myers to the stand.
text: The deputy opens the side door and Ralph walks into the
text: courtroom. He looks exhausted and vacant, clearly
dialog: rattled.
text: Walter can’t take his eyes off him, remembering what
text: Ralph did the last time they were here. Ralph avoids his
text: gaze, distant and stone-faced, as he takes a seat on the
dialog: stand.
text: Ralph looks up to see Sheriff Tate staring at him from
text: his seat. Ralph looks away, fear instantly taking hold.
text: The BAILIFF holds out a Bible, but Ralph is distracted.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Sir, please stand and place your
text: right hand on the Bible.
text: Ralph hesitates, then stands and extends his hand.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth,
dialog: the whole truth, and nothing but
dialog: the truth, so help you God?
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Mr. Myers?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (snaps out of it)
dialog: Yes, sir. Sorry, guards got me up
dialog: at two in the morning to get out
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 115
text: Ralph rubs his face, sits. At the table, Walter with a
text: deeply worried look. Bryan remains calm, approaches the
text: stand, unsure of where Ralph’s head is, proceeds with
dialog: caution.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Mr. Myers, did you testify against
dialog: Walter McMillian in August of
dialog: 1988?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (odd beat)
dialog: Is that when that was?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: According to the record, yes.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Okay, then. Sure, if you say so.
text: Ralph looks more nervous by the second, color draining
text: from his face. Bryan fights his nerves, remains steady --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What did you tell the jury when
dialog: you testified?
text: Ralph sees Walter staring. He avoids his gaze, too
text: afraid to face the source of his shame as he MUMBLES --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Don’t think I can fully remember
dialog: to be honest with you. Sorry,
dialog: sir.
text: Bryan's heart sinks. They haven’t even begun and they’re
text: already losing him. A BREATH before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It's okay. I have a transcript of
dialog: your testimony here...
text: Bryan walks to the table, grabs the transcript he’s
dialog: prepared --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: At the trial, do you remember
dialog: testifying that you were
dialog: unwillingly made part of a capital
dialog: murder and robbery on November 1,
dialog: 1986, when Walter McMillian saw
dialog: you at a car wash and asked you to
dialog: drive his truck because his arm
dialog: hurt?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 115
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (nervous; scratches
dialog: scar)
dialog: Yes, sir. I guess so.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Do you remember saying that you
dialog: drove Mr. McMillian to Jackson
dialog: Cleaners, subsequently went into
dialog: the building, and saw McMillian
text: with a gun, standing over the body
dialog: of Ronda Morrison?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (beat; nods)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Bryan locks his eyes on him --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Mr. Myers, was the testimony you
dialog: gave at Mr. McMillian’s trial
dialog: true?
text: In his seat, Walter leans forward, praying for truth as --
text: Ralph stares at Bryan, about to speak until -- he glances
text: past him again, back to Bryan. Then, finally, with great
dialog: pain --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (remains calm)
dialog: You don’t know?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Don’t... think I remember.
text: Walter sinks in his seat as A MURMUR fills the courtroom.
text: Behind him, Minnie stares in shock as John shakes his
dialog: head.
text: Tommy WHISPERS to his assistant as he scribbles notes.
text: Bryan notices Ralph glance past him again. He turns,
text: follows Ralph's gaze to Tate, staring harshly back at him
text: from his seat. Ralph is frozen in fear until --
text: Bryan deliberately steps between Ralph and Tate, blocking
text: their view of each other. Gently locks his eyes on
dialog: Ralph.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 101.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: (4) 115
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Mr. Myers. Do you know who Walter
dialog: McMillian is?
text: Ralph hesitates, gathers his strength.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Is he in this room?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Can you point him out?
text: Ralph fully looks at Walter for the first time, points.
text: Neither man looks away, connected by their common status
text: in the margins of society. Bryan sees this, continues
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I'd like to ask again. Was the
dialog: testimony you gave at Walter
dialog: McMillian’s trial true?
text: Ralph keeps his eyes locked with Walter for another beat
text: until -- he looks down, gathers all the courage he has
text: before looking back at Walter. Finally, he speaks --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: No, sir, not at all.
text: A wave of GASPS and WHISPERS rolls through the audience.
text: Tommy sits in his seat, completely stunned --
text: Walter sits back, eyes still locked on Ralph as --
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: Order, please!
text: As the courtroom quiets, with increasing momentum --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Did you see Mr. McMillian on the
dialog: day that Ronda Morrison was
dialog: murdered?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Did you drive his truck to
dialog: Monroeville that day?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: No. Never did.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Did you go into Jackson Cleaners
dialog: and see Mr. McMillian standing
dialog: over Ronda Morrison's body?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Absolutely not.
dialog: 102.
dialog: 115
text: Bryan lets this sink in, looks at him with care. Then --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: No further questions.
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Tommy questions Ralph, mid-way through his cross-
dialog: examination.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Mr. Myers, didn’t you work out a
dialog: deal with the State to get a
dialog: lighter sentence if you testified
dialog: to the truth?
text: Ralph thinks a beat, then --
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: If I testified... but the truth
dialog: ain’t got nothin’ to do with it.
dialog: When it come to them, Ralph Myers
dialog: is tellin’ the truth when it
dialog: agrees with what they wantin’ for
dialog: you to say. But if it ain’t what
dialog: they wanna hear, Ralph is a liar.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Well, how do we know you’re not
dialog: lying now? How do we know, you
dialog: ain't just upset about the deal
dialog: you got, and you feel like somehow
dialog: by you changing your story, it
dialog: might help you get out?
dialog: 116
text: Ralph's fear is gone completely now, ready for a fight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 103.
speaker_heading: 116 CONTINUED: 116
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Because that don’t make no sense,
dialog: sir. Who do you think is decidin’
dialog: what happens to me? If I live or
dialog: die? Not me. Not Johnny D. It’s
dialog: all y’all that decidin’ that. So
dialog: how is me sayin’ what I’m sayin’
dialog: gonna help me get out? If
dialog: anything, it gonna help me get to
dialog: death row.
text: Tommy doesn’t respond to this. Ralph looks to Sheriff
dialog: Tate.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: But I don’t care, y’all can do what
dialog: you want to me. But I got to tell
dialog: the truth now, even though it might
dialog: not be what y’all wanna hear --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Myers, let’s move
dialog: on to the next question.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: But I ain’t done.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: You've said enough.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Objection, Your Honor. Mr. Myers
dialog: has the right to finish his
dialog: answer.
text: Judge Foster looks to Ralph with a nod.
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: Go ahead, Mr. Myers.
text: Nothing Tommy can do. Ralph speaks with conviction.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Thank you, Your Honor.
dialog: (beat; looks around)
dialog: I think it’s pretty clear to y’all
dialog: I ain’t no saint. I can’t read,
dialog: and I ain’t made it past the third
dialog: grade, but I still know what’s
dialog: right and what’s wrong. Anda
dialog: innocent man dyin’ on account a
dialog: me, or you, or anyone in this
dialog: room, ain't right.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 116
speaker_heading: RALPH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the Judge)
dialog: ‘Cause me, I can look in your face
dialog: or anybody else’s face dead eye-to-
dialog: eyeball and tell you anything I
dialog: told about Mr. McMillian was a
dialog: lie.
dialog: (looks right at
dialog: Walter)
dialog: He's here because of me, and I
dialog: would really appreciate you
dialog: sendin’ him home to his kids where
dialog: he belongs.
text: Walter locks eyes with Ralph again, everything having
text: changed between them. A moment of true, shared
text: sincerity. Bryan and Eva exchange a charged look as MUSIC
dialog: takes us to --
scene_heading: MONTAGE - INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - 117
speaker_heading: DAY
text: THROUGH THE REST OF THE HEARING:
text: Clay Kast, the white mechanic Bryan spoke to at the shop.
speaker_heading: CLAY KAST
dialog: We didn’t convert Johnny D’s truck
dialog: to a lowrider till May of ‘87, six
dialog: months after that girl was killed.
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - DAY 118
text: Bryan hands a paper to the court.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We submit a copy of the official
dialog: log from the police officer who
text: stopped by the fish fry,
dialog: confirming that Walter McMillian
dialog: was there with his family.
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - DAY 119
dialog: Woodrow Ikner, the officer Bryan found going door-to-
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: WOODROW IKNER
dialog: Mr. Myers said that the body was
text: face-up near the front counter,
dialog: but I found her face-down in the
text: back by the bathroom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 105.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119
text: Judge Foster makes a note in a pad, he seems engaged.
scene_heading: 120 INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - DAY 120
text: Bryan hands a file to the court.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Submitting exculpatory records
dialog: from Ralph Myers’ stay at Taylor
dialog: Hardin Psychiatric Hospital, which
dialog: the State did not disclose to
dialog: defense counsel.
text: Tommy takes notes at his table, not looking very pleased.
scene_heading: 121 INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - DAY 121
text: A PSYCHOLOGIST with glasses speaks to Bryan.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Mr. Myers was my patient at the
dialog: time, and he claimed on numerous
dialog: occasions that he was being
text: threatened with the electric chair
dialog: if he didn’t say what authorities
dialog: wanted to hear.
scene_heading: 122 INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - DAY 122
text: Back to Ikner. The Judge listens intently, jotting down
text: notes, very engaged now.
speaker_heading: WOODROW IKNER
dialog: The prosecutor asked me to testify
dialog: that the body had been drugged
dialog: from the front to the back, and I
dialog: told him I ain’t gonna lie in
dialog: court. Few weeks later, I got
text: fired from the department.
scene_heading: 123 INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - DAY 123
text: The end of Bryan’s closing comments, steady and firm...
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: All the evidence presented today
dialog: would have been critical to the
dialog: outcome of this case and its
dialog: exclusion was a clear violation of
dialog: Brady versus Maryland and Mr.
dialog: McMillian’s constitutional rights.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat; sincere)
dialog: The truth has not been told in
dialog: this case. And I know a lot of
dialog: time has gone by, but I don’t
dialog: believe it’s ever too late for
dialog: justice. We ask the court to
dialog: grant our motion and order a new
dialog: trial for Mr. McMillian. Thank
dialog: you, Your Honor.
text: Bryan takes his seat beside Walter, filled with hope.
text: Tommy can barely look at him, not happy with the way this
dialog: went.
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: Thank you, Counselors. We’1ll
dialog: reconvene at a later date once
dialog: I've had time to look through
dialog: everything.
text: The BAILIFF walks to the front of the court, hearing over
dialog: as --
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: All rise!
scene_heading: INT./EXT. TRANSPORT VAN/COURT - PARKING LOT - LATER 124
text: Walter sits in the transport van, Bryan stands outside
text: the open side door, processing what they just went
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I didn’t think he was gonna go
dialog: through with it.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Honestly, for a second there, I
dialog: wasn’t sure, either.
text: Walter shakes his head, genuine gratitude in his eyes.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Man. I can’t even tell you how I
dialog: feel right now.
dialog: (looks to Bryan)
dialog: Thank you.
text: As Bryan nods, Walter notices his family gathering twenty
text: yards away, Minnie, John, Jackie, Evelyn. He waves to
dialog: them.
text: Jeremy, standing guard nearby, addresses Walter’s family.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: We got a few minutes if y’all
dialog: wanna say hi.
text: Bryan and Walter look to Jeremy, shocked by the kind
text: gesture. Jeremy glances at Bryan, then looks down.
dialog: There is a humility here not present in their first
text: meeting. A sense of shame.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: We'll leave in five minutes.
text: Bryan is speechless. Walter nods, grateful --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Thank you.
text: Bryan gives Walter space with his family, approaches Eva
text: and Brenda, waiting for him.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You did great. Chapman oughta
dialog: just call you tonight and drop the
dialog: charges.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Let’s not hold our breath on that
dialog: one.
text: As they walk to their car, Bryan grabs one more glimpse
text: of Walter LAUGHING with his family at the transport van.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN'’S RENTAL - EVENING 125
text: Bryan sits on his bed, working as usual. A KNOCK at the
dialog: door.
text: He OPENS the door to see John (Walter’s son) and his
speaker_heading: FRIEND.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: John? Everything okay?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My dad wanted me to drop this off.
text: He reveals a used Rhodes keyboard with a bow around it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He said to have a little fun for
dialog: once.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 108.
scene_heading: INT. BRYAN’S RENTAL - NIGHT 126
text: Bryan sits at the keyboard, taking a rare break from his
text: work to play a slow, JAZZY RIFF. His spirit lifts with
dialog: every note.
text: PUSH IN ON a new addition to his bookshelf -- beside a
text: photo of Herbert as a young soldier: an American flag,
text: folded in a triangle, in a display case that reads, “In
dialog: loving memory of, Herbert Richardson, United States Army,
dialog: Vietnam Veteran.”
scene_heading: EXT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY 127
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: ONE MONTH LATER
text: Full parking lot, but most of the people are already
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: Upon the reading of my decision, I
dialog: expect the rules of decorum within
dialog: this courtroom to be upheld...
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 128
text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous.
text: Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them.
text: John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his
text: knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand.
text: Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge
text: Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his
dialog: decision --
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: Ralph Myers took the stand before
dialog: this court, swore to tell the
dialog: truth, and proceeded to recant
dialog: most, if not all, of the relevant
dialog: portions of his testimony at
dialog: trial. Clearly, he has either
dialog: perjured himself at trial or in
dialog: front of this court.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: After careful review, it is this
dialog: court’s opinion that conclusive
dialog: evidence has not been provided
dialog: that Ralph Myers perjured himself
dialog: at the original trial, and that
dialog: pressure put on him since his
dialog: trial testimony could tend to
text: discredit his recantation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 128
text: A MURMUR from among Walter’s friends and family.
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: Therefore it is ordered, adjudged,
dialog: and decreed that the trial
dialog: testimony of Ralph Myers is not
dialog: found to have been perjured
dialog: testimony, and no new trial shall
dialog: be granted at this time. Walter
dialog: McMillian shall be returned to
dialog: Holman Correctional Facility where
dialog: he is to face death by
dialog: electrocution.
text: A WAVE OF DESPAIR sweeps through Walter’s family and
text: friends. Walter puts his head down, Bryan puts his hand
text: on his back, exchanges a devastated look with Eva.
text: Behind them, John suddenly STANDS with tears in his eyes --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You can’t do this to us again,
dialog: Judge.
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: (beat; firm)
dialog: Sit down, young man.
text: John shakes his head, more broken than defiant. He looks
text: from the Judge to Walter, quivering with emotion.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That’s my dad, sir. He ain’t done
dialog: nothin’ wrong.
text: A hint of empathy flashes over Judge FOSTER before --
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: Sit down right now, or you'll be
text: arrested in contempt of court.
text: Bryan stands, tries to manage the situation.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Your Honor, please give us a
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (firm)
dialog: Listen to the judge, son.
text: Minnie pulls on John’s arm to sit, but he pulls away, the
text: situation quickly escalating.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 128
speaker_heading: JUDGE FOSTER
dialog: I won’t say it again. Sit down.
text: John stares at JUDGE FOSTER, body trembling, tears
text: streaming, but unable to move. He shakes his head,
dialog: totally broken.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not if you gonna kill my dad for
dialog: no reason...
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That’s enough, Johnny.
text: Bryan sees the Judge nod to TWO OFFICERS. John doesn’t
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Judge, please. Let me deal with
dialog: this.
text: A GUARD steps up to Bryan, blocks him from moving.
text: Behind him, Jeremy and the other Holman guard move toward
dialog: Walter.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You killin’ our family, sir.
text: Walter sees the Officers approaching John.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Shut your mouth and sit down, boy!
text: John looks right at his dad, shakes his head, so broken
dialog: it’s the only thing he can do as --
text: OFFICER #1 grabs his arm, pulls him ROUGHLY into the
dialog: aisle.
text: John YANKS his arm away, enough resistance to make
text: OFFICER #2 grab him and THROW him to the floor.
speaker_heading: MINNIE WALTER
dialog: HEY! Get your damn hands off my
dialog: son!
text: Walter tries to stand, but is held back by Jeremy. Bryan
text: wants to jump in and help, but is blocked by the Guard
text: standing like a wall right in front of him.
text: Officer #1 has his knee on John’s back, violently pulling
text: his arms back to cuff him.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: He’s not resisting!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: A130
dialog: 130
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 10/17/18 (Salmon) 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 128
text: Once the cuffs are on, the officers pull John to his feet
text: and drag him to the door. Minnie starts to chase after,
text: but is held back by more OFFICERS. Tate shoots Bryan a
dialog: cold look as --
text: Bryan turns to Walter, more devastated than ever as
text: Jeremy, a clear look of guilt in his eyes, and the other
text: Holman guard, pull him away from the chaos.
text: As Walter is led out, Bryan’s heart sinks into the floor.
text: He looks at Eva -- how the hell did this just happen?
scene_heading: EXT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - PARKING LOT - AFTERNOON 129
text: As Bryan walks to his car, he looks across the lot to see
text: Minnie and Evelyn, embracing Jackie as she sobs. The
text: sight hits him to his core.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- AFTERNOON A130
text: Minnie sits down at the kitchen table, stirring instant
text: coffee into a mug of hot water. She sets the mug on the
text: table, doesn’t take a sip, haunted by the empty chairs
dialog: that were once filled with those she loves.
text: For a moment, she lets down her guard, lets the pain and
text: frustration bubble to the surface of her skin. In this
dialog: moment, she isn’t the solid rock of her family, she is a
text: hurting, angry, devastated human being.
text: Then, after she lets it out, she composes herself, wipes
text: her tears, and takes a sip of her coffee.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH ROW WALKWAY/WALTER'S CELL - LATER 130
text: Jeremy and a SECOND HOLMAN GUARD walk Walter to his cell.
text: As the door SLIDES open, his body goes stiff. The second
text: guard UNLOCKS his cuffs. Walter hesitates.
text: They try to usher him in, but he stands strong. Shakes
text: his head. They push against him as he grabs the door,
text: refuses to go back in.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Come on, man, don’t make this
dialog: hard.
text: They push him harder, but Walter doesn’t budge, grabs the
text: sides of the door to keep from going in.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Don't do this, McMillian.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: eH HHH OF
dialog: %
dialog: 130
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 10/17/18 (Salmon) 111A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 130
text: The second guard shoves him hard from behind as --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: NO!
text: Walter lunges backwards against the guard, knocking him
dialog: back.
text: Jeremy tries to grab Walter as the second guard, fuming,
text: rushes and HITS him in the back. Walter goes flying,
text: SLAMS into his desk, everything CRASHING to the floor as --
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: A132
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 112.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH ROW - STAIRS - DAY 131
text: TWO GUARDS run towards them --
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY’S CELL, THROUGH THE DOOR - DAY A132
text: THROUGH the door. Anthony shouts through his door slot --
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
text: HEY! WHAT THE HELL’S GOIN’ ON?
text: INMATES up and down the row begin to CALL OUT TO WALTER --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S CELL/DEATH ROW - DAY 132
text: As Walter FLAILS on the floor --
text: Jeremy rushes down, pinning Walter to the ground with the
text: second guard as he lets out an ANGUISHED SCREAM.
text: END ON Walter, level with the floor, uncomfortably close.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S CELL/DEATH ROW - LATER 133
text: WIDE SHOT, OUTSIDE LOOKING IN -- Empty. Then we see --
text: Jeremy cleans up the aftermath of the struggle, picks up
text: some books and pens and puts them back on Walter’s desk.
text: He stops suddenly, eyes on the floor, staring at
text: something we can’t see. He bends down to pick it up as --
scene_heading: INT. SOLITARY CONFINEMENT - LATER 134
text: A small, empty cell. No bed, no window. Walter sits,
text: back against the wall. He stares ahead. Lost. Then --
text: The slot in the door SLIDES open. Walter looks up to see
text: Jeremy looking at him through the small window.
text: A beat before -- he slides something through the slot.
text: Jeremy gives him a nod and walks away. Walter hesitates,
text: then stands, walks to the door, and reaches into the slot
dialog: to find --
text: The family photos Minnie gave him long ago, faded with
dialog: age.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 113.
scene_heading: INT. SOLITARY CONFINEMENT - MOMENTS LATER 135
text: Walter sits on the floor again, flipping through the
dialog: photos one-by-one until --
text: He reaches the picture of himself with John. Suddenly,
text: his anger fades, replaced by tears fighting to break
dialog: free.
text: He turns the photo over to see in his wife's
dialog: handwriting --
dialog: “This is you. Love, Minnie.”
text: Walter stares at the words for a long beat, wondering if
dialog: he will ever be able to believe them again.
scene_heading: INT. BRYAN’S RENTAL - NIGHT 136
text: Bryan lies in bed, wide awake, his brain spinning out.
text: He looks at the clock -- 2:23 AM. No point trying to
dialog: sleep.
dialog: He sits up, might as well get some work done --
scene_heading: INT. BRYAN'S RENTAL —- MOMENTS LATER 137
text: Bryan sits at a small table, covered in papers and files.
text: He tries to work, but he can’t get his mind off the
text: frustration of Walter’s case. He rests his foot on the
text: table, leans back, covers his face, draws a long,
text: frustrated BREATH.
text: Then BOOM! He suddenly KICKS the table, a brief but
text: shocking burst of anger, spraying a few stacks of files
text: to the floor.
text: He sits there another beat, still, broken, silent. Then,
text: he stands and starts to methodically clean the mess up.
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA RIVER - LATER 138
text: Bryan sits with Eva on a bench overlooking the wide,
text: flowing river. In the distance, a large dinner boat, The
text: Harriet, a “historical” recreation of the riverboats used
dialog: during the time of slavery.
text: ADD SHOT OF BRIE WALKING UP AND SITTING BESIDE BRYAN.
text: Bryan watches the boat move slowly toward them. Then --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 114.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Nobody wants to remember that this
dialog: is where thousands of enslaved
dialog: people were shipped in and paraded
dialog: up the street to be sold. Ten
dialog: miles from here, black people were
dialog: pulled from their homes and
text: lynched and nobody talks about it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can talk about the civil
dialog: rights movement, but only the good
dialog: parts. Can’t talk about schools
dialog: becoming as segregated now as they
dialog: were in the ‘50s. Can’t talk
dialog: about one out of every three black
dialog: men ending up in prison. Can’t
dialog: talk about the fact that nobody
dialog: ever apologized, or even
dialog: acknowledged that they did
dialog: something wrong.
text: Bryan stops here, the facts of the past threatening to
text: overwhelm. Eva can see his pain, his eyes tight before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: And now this black boy from
text: Delaware is walking into their
text: courtrooms, expecting them to
dialog: admit they convicted an innocent
dialog: black man.
dialog: (looks off; beat)
dialog: I promised that whole community
dialog: I'd bring him home.
text: Bryan shakes his head, looks off, tears welling.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: How was I so naive to think we
dialog: could ever change anything?
text: Bryan closes his eyes. Eva looks at him with compassion.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: A139
dialog: 139
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 138
speaker_heading: EVA *
dialog: I’ve heard a lot of lawyers say *
dialog: it’s never a good idea to get too
dialog: close to your clients. Distance
dialog: is healthy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But working with you showed me
dialog: that’s bullshit. You choose to
dialog: get close to every one of them,
dialog: and you love them like family.
dialog: And when your family is hurting,
dialog: so are you...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There’s no way I could ever fully
dialog: understand what you’re going
dialog: through. But I’m pretty sure you
dialog: mean a lot more to this community
dialog: than you think.
speaker_heading: +H HK
text: Bryan thinks about that for a moment, watching The
text: Harriet continue across the river.
dialog: *
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY A139
text: A vibrant GOSPEL CHOIR lifts their voices to God ina
text: church filled with BELIEVERS.
text: Bryan stands among them, watching his people SING to a
text: Higher Power. He closes his eyes and takes it in, trying
dialog: to tap into their hope and peace.
scene_heading: INT. JUVENILE FACILITY - LOBBY - DAY 139
text: Bryan stands in a circle, holding hands with Mrs.
text: Coleman, CHARLIE’S MOM, and CHARLIE’S GRANDPA, heads
dialog: bowed --
speaker_heading: MRS. COLEMAN
dialog: We thank You, Lord, for watching
dialog: over our boy and bringing him
dialog: home...
text: As she CONTINUES, Bryan opens his eyes, watches her pour
text: love over her children. A door OPENS. They turn to
dialog: see --
text: Charlie, dressed in a button shirt, jeans, sneakers.
text: Still quiet and shy, but looking better than we last saw
dialog: him.
text: Charlie’s mom rushes to him and pulls him into a hug,
text: followed by his grandpa and grandma. Bryan watches them,
text: moved by their love and tears.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139
text: Charlie finally breaks away from his family and walks up
dialog: to Bryan. Juvie has given him an edge he didn’t have
text: before. He goes for the pound-hug to keep it cool.
text: But once he’s in Bryan’s arms, he stays there long enough
dialog: to let Bryan know how thankful he is.
text: As Bryan squeezes Charlie, the grateful look on Mrs.
text: Coleman’s face shows him that you can never know when
dialog: your work will truly make a difference.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLMAN PRISON - DAY 140
text: HIGH SHOT, LOOKING DOWN as Bryan’s Civic pulls into the
text: parking lot.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - CHECK-IN - DAY 141
text: Bryan waits as Jeremy checks him in, just like he did the
text: first time he visited. But something seems different in
text: Jeremy's demeanor. He glances at Bryan as he checks his
dialog: ID.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: After that dude said he made the
dialog: whole thing up, I thought they’d
dialog: let McMillian go.
text: Bryan looks at Jeremy, surprised, before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You get his kid out?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: That’s good.
text: Bryan takes his ID, hesitates, clearly taken aback by
text: this exchange. Then, he gives a polite nod, turns away
dialog: as --
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (off Bryan’s look)
dialog: Uh, can I ask you somethin’?
text: Bryan nods, watches him struggle to form the words.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 117.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: 141
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Um... I could get in trouble for
dialog: this, but... I got an uncle, who
dialog: took care a me growin’ up, good
dialog: guy. And, uh, he’s in here.
dialog: Block 4.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (beat; then)
dialog: He’s an inmate?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (nods )
dialog: His lawyer's a piece a shit. I
dialog: was wonderin’ if you could maybe
dialog: take a look at his case. I can
dialog: pay you.
text: Bryan never saw this one coming. He can see Jeremy's
text: sincerity, realizing he has his own struggles to face.
text: He walks up to him, pulls a business card from his
text: pocket, and hands it over.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Call me tomorrow... You won’t have
dialog: to pay anything.
text: Jeremy nods, the moment clearly resonates, touched by
text: Bryan's gracefulness. The only words that he can find
dialog: are --
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Thank you.
text: Bryan nods, turns into the prison with a little more hope
dialog: than when he first walked in.
scene_heading: 142 INT. HOLMAN PRISON - HALL/VISITING ROOM - DAY 142
text: CLOSE AND INTIMATE: Bryan sits across from Walter in the
text: spot they first met, still fighting his guilt.
text: Both men sit in silence. Bryan looks at him with regret.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m so sorry.
text: Walter lets that sink in a moment, shakes his head
dialog: slightly.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: The day they arrested me, I
dialog: thought I was gonna be okay.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW
speaker_heading: 142 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Cause I had the truth. Soon as
dialog: they talk to everybody that was
dialog: with me, they gonna have to let me
dialog: go.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But then the police keep callin’
dialog: you a killer. Some white dude
dialog: says he saw you do it. News
dialog: people sayin’ you did it. Judge
dialog: and jury sayin’ you did it. And
dialog: now you on the row two, three,
dialog: four years, your friends and kids
dialog: ain’t callin’ as much as they used
dialog: to. After a while, you start to
dialog: wonder what they think of you, you
dialog: start to wonder what you think of
dialog: you. The truth ain’t so clear no
dialog: more.
dialog: (beat; remembering)
dialog: But the last few days, I can’t
dialog: stop thinkin’ ‘bout Myers sittin’
dialog: up there, tellin’ everybody how it
dialog: really went down.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That’s the first time I feel like
dialog: myself since they locked me up.
dialog: First time I remembered who I is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: These fools gone do what they gone
dialog: do, but if they take me to that
dialog: chair tonight, I’m a go out
dialog: smilin’. ‘Cause I got my truth
dialog: back. You gave me that. You gave
dialog: it to my family. And nobody can
dialog: take that from us again.
dialog: 118.
dialog: 142
text: Bryan takes this in, releasing the guilt he’s been
text: carrying. Walter cocks his head, playful --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You ain’t quittin’, right?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Then you ain’t got nothin’ to be
dialog: sorry for.
text: Bryan looks at him, deeply moved.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 142
speaker_heading: BRYAN (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: I know how disappointing the last
dialog: hearing was, but that’s not where
dialog: this is going to end.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING 143
text: Bryan sits with Minnie, John, Evelyn, Jackie, and a
text: handful of other family and friends, including Uncle Leo,
text: sitting in his wheelchair.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We're preparing a motion to submit
dialog: our evidence to the State Supreme
dialog: Court in Montgomery. They have
dialog: the power to reverse the last
dialog: decision and force the circuit
dialog: court to give us a new trial.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You think they’1l do that?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Nothing's guaranteed, but I don’t
dialog: see how an outside court could
dialog: ignore the evidence we have.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (unconvinced)
dialog: Even if he do get out, everybody
dialog: but us still gonna think he
dialog: guilty. If they can’t kill ‘im in
dialog: there, they can still do it out
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We’ve been worried about that,
dialog: too, and we’re working on it.
text: Uncle Leo speaks up, stern and to the point.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEO
dialog: You know what you doin’, boy?
text: Bryan can’t tell if he’s being criticized or not.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEO
dialog: You beatin’ the drum for justice,
dialog: that’s what you doin’.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 143
text: Before Bryan knows how to respond, Uncle Leo tilts his
text: head to reveal a scar on his crown.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEO
dialog: See this? Got it in Greene
dialog: County, tryin’ to register to vote
dialog: in ‘64.
text: He turns and points to a 4-inch scar above his right ear.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEO
dialog: Got this one in Mississippi
dialog: fighting for civil rights.
text: He turns and shows another scar at the back of his neck.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEO
dialog: This one in Birmingham after the
dialog: Children’s Crusade.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: These ain’t just scars... they my
dialog: medals of honor.
dialog: (into Bryan’s eyes)
dialog: You see ‘em?
text: Something about this moment touches Bryan’s core. He
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LEO
dialog: Good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now you just gotta get everybody
dialog: else to see it, too.
text: As Uncle Leo smiles, Bryan scans the faces in the room,
text: their belief in him spurring him forward.
scene_heading: INT. LAW LIBRARY - DAY 144
text: A VIDEO SHOOT: Bryan sits as a SOUND MIXER adjusts his
dialog: mic.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Test test. Check check.
text: The sound guy gives a thumbs-up. Eva stands off to the
text: side, watching silently as --
speaker_heading: CAMERAPERSON (0.S.)
dialog: We're rolling. Whenever you’re
dialog: ready, Mr. Bradley.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 144
text: In front of Bryan, his INTERVIEWER, ED BRADLEY, of “60
text: MINUTES” fame, unseen but heard.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, Bryan, you ready?
text: Bryan puts his game face on, nods as --
speaker_heading: “60 MINUTES”
text: (SHOT TO LOOK LIKE 90s TV):
text: -- Ed Bradley addresses the camera, a blown-up picture of
text: Walter McMillian behind him.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: His name is Walter McMillian,
dialog: known to his friends as Johnny D,
dialog: and he’s been on death row in
dialog: Alabama’s Holman Prison for almost
dialog: six years. Was he in fact the man
text: who walked into a dry cleaning
dialog: store in Monroeville, Alabama in
dialog: November of 1986 and robbed and
dialog: murdered the clerk? Or, did they
dialog: get the wrong man? And is the
dialog: real murderer still out there
dialog: somewhere?
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 145
text: Walter’s family on the couch, around them, many FAMILY
text: MEMBERS AND FRIENDS from the first time Bryan visited.
text: All eyes glued to Ed Bradley on TV.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: A jury was convinced they got the
dialog: right man. But you may not be
dialog: after you watch this story.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH ROW - CONTINUOUS ACTION 146
text: Anthony presses his face to his cell door, trying to
dialog: listen to the broadcast --
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Turn it up, man! I can’t hear!
text: Next door, Walter turns up the VOLUME on a small TV as he
text: watches, glued to every word. Through the TV --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 122.
speaker_heading: 146 CONTINUED: 146
text: ON TV: Johnny D sits across from Ed Bradley.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: You didn’t kill Ronda Morrison?
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: No, sir, I didn’t see Ronda
dialog: Morrison a day in my life. God
dialog: knows I ain’t.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.0.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Where were you on the day of the
dialog: murder?
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: At my house.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Did you ever go into Monroeville
dialog: on the day of the murder?
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: No, sir. Never went to
dialog: Monroeville period.
text: ON TV: Walter walks down the death row walkway, toward
dialog: his cell.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: McMillian is certainly not a
dialog: typical death row inmate, he had a
dialog: good job in the logging business,
dialog: has no prior felony convictions,
dialog: and lived with his family near
dialog: Monroeville his entire life...
scene_heading: 147 INT. DEATH ROW - GUARD STATION - CONTINUOUS ACTION 147
text: Jeremy and some OTHER GUARDS watch the show on a small TV
dialog: as --
dialog: ON TV: Bryan speaks to Ed Bradley in the interview we
dialog: started with --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: %
speaker_heading: eH FH FHF FH HF
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: JUST MERCY
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 122A.
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: BRYAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: I have never had a case where the
dialog: State’s only evidence of guilt
dialog: comes from one person. Where
dialog: there’s no motive, there’s no
dialog: physical evidence, there’s no
dialog: corroborating circumstances,
dialog: there’s nothing but the word of
dialog: one person.
dialog: 148
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 123.
scene_heading: INT. BAR (MONROEVILLE) - CONTINUOUS ACTION 148
text: Sheriff Tate drinks with some off-duty COPS, all
dialog: watching --
text: ON TV: Ed Bradley sits with Ralph Myers, in his prison
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: I told them I had seen a young
text: girl laying on the floor with her
text: mouth open. Johnny D standing
text: over her.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Did he have a gun?
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Yeah, I had told the court that,
dialog: yeah.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Was it true?
text: TIGHT ON Tate, fuming as --
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: No, sir, not at all. Nowhere near
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: Why should anyone believe you now?
dialog: When you’re taking back what you
dialog: said at the trial, under oath.
speaker_heading: RALPH (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Well, it’s like this. I don’t
dialog: know the words for that, but I can
dialog: tell you this much... Right is
dialog: right, and wrong is wrong. And
dialog: for a man to straighten his own
dialog: life out, he must tell the truth.
dialog: He must try to do what is right,
dialog: and that’s what I’m tryin’ to do.
dialog: 149
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 124.
scene_heading: INT. TOMMY CHAPMAN’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 149
speaker_heading: ACTION
text: Tommy sits with his WIFE and TWO YOUNG SONS (8, 10),
dialog: eating and watching the TV --
text: ON TV: Tommy responds to a question from Ed Bradley.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.0.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: How would you characterize Ralph
dialog: Myers?
speaker_heading: TOMMY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Ralph’s about as low as you can
dialog: get. He’s a scum.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.0.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: A liar?
speaker_heading: TOMMY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Yes, sir, I’d characterize him a
dialog: liar, particularly now.
dialog: Cut to Bryan, mid-interview:
speaker_heading: BRYAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: I’m sure Ralph Myers would agree
dialog: that any threat he was under in
dialog: prison, is nothing like the threat
text: he’s under now, having recanted
dialog: his testimony and opened himself
dialog: back up to perjury charges, to
dialog: capital murder charges. What
dialog: Myers has done is take a pretty
dialog: radical risk.
speaker_heading: TOMMY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: What’s wrong with our criminal
dialog: justice system is the fact that,
dialog: um, people want to come back
dialog: sometime and second-guess juries.
dialog: Uh, I don’t think there been any
dialog: law enforcement misconduct in this
dialog: case, I don’t think anyone’s
dialog: proved it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 149
speaker_heading: BRYAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: The prosecutor’s job is not to
dialog: obtain a conviction, it’s to
dialog: achieve justice. And one of the
dialog: greatest tragedies about this
dialog: case, is that somebody in Monroe
dialog: County has literally gotten away
dialog: with murder.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: If an execution date is set for
text: McMillian, and that day comes and
dialog: it’s time for him to go to the
dialog: electric chair, would you be
dialog: comfortable?
speaker_heading: TOMMY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Yes... I’d be comfortable with it.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: You think it’s, fair, just, he had
dialog: his...
speaker_heading: TOMMY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: He had his day in court. He, uh,
dialog: was tried by a jury and they heard
dialog: the testimony and they believed
dialog: it.
text: HOLD ON Tommy as he chews on his dinner, pondering his
dialog: role in this story as --
scene_heading: OVER “60 MINUTES” AUDIO:
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - DAY 150
text: Bryan types a motion as Eva brings a law book to his desk
dialog: for reference.
scene_heading: EXT. STATE JUDICIAL BUILDING - DAY 151
text: Bryan walks up the steps of the grand entrance, ready for
dialog: court.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 151
speaker_heading: A152
dialog: 152
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 151
speaker_heading: BRYAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Next we’ll be presenting our
dialog: evidence to the Alabama Supreme
dialog: Court, hoping they’1l see what we
dialog: think is very clear, that Walter
dialog: McMillian is innocent.
speaker_heading: BACK TO TV
text: A final shot of Walter escorted to his cell.
speaker_heading: ED BRADLEY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
text: McMillian’s fate is now in the
dialog: hands of the Alabama Supreme
dialog: Court, which is expected to decide
dialog: soon if he’s entitled to a new
dialog: trial.
scene_heading: EXT. EJI OFFICE - DAY (ESTABLISHING) A152
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: 3 MONTHS LATER
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - DAY 152
text: TRACK Eva THROUGH the busy main room of the office. She
text: drops a file on the desk of a new, MALE LAWYER #1 (20s,
dialog: black) .
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Lunch vote. Chris’ or
dialog: Martha’s?... Hands up for Chris’?
text: MALE LAWYER #2 (20s, white) stops TYPING to raise his
dialog: hand along with male lawyer #1.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Martha’s?
text: Brenda raises her hand, along with FEMALE LAWYER (20s,
text: black), standing at the copy machine spewing out pages.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Bryan! Tie-breaker!
speaker_heading: BRYAN (0.S.)
dialog: Martha’s!
text: Brenda raises her fist in the air -- victory.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: A153
speaker_heading: B153
speaker_heading: C153
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 152
text: Eva drops a final file on Brenda’s desk as her PHONE
text: RINGS. She picks it up --
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: EJI, this is Brenda.
dialog: OFF her look --
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - BRYAN’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER A153
text: Brenda KNOCKS on the opening to Bryan's office. As Bryan
text: looks up from his cluttered desk --
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: The clerk from the Supreme Court
dialog: said their ruling in the McMillian
text: case is ready to be picked up.
text: Bryan looks stunned for a moment, then he quickly gets up
text: and rushes out the door. Everyone in the office watches
dialog: him go.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MONTGOMERY) - MOMENTS LATER B153
text: Bryan walks quickly through downtown Montgomery, trying
text: to keep his expectations realistic as he picks up the
text: pace, breaks into a light run.
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA SUPREME COURT BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER C153
text: Bryan runs up the tall stairs toward --
scene_heading: INT. ALABAMA SUPREME COURT - FILE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 153
text: A CLERK slides the 35-page document under a glass
dialog: partition.
text: Bryan takes it, flips to the first page, starts to read,
text: his gaze giving nothing away as --
scene_heading: MONROE COUNTY NEWSCAST 154
scene_heading: STELLA TAYLOR (REPORTER) stands in the Alabama courthouse
text: lobby, PEOPLE moving behind her as she speaks into the
dialog: camera -——
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 128.
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: 154
speaker_heading: STELLA TAYLOR (V.O.)
text: A wave of shock rolled through
dialog: Monroe County today when the
dialog: Alabama Supreme Court overturned
dialog: the circuit court’s previous
dialog: decision and granted a new trial
dialog: to convicted killer Walter ‘Johnny
dialog: D’ McMillian.
text: Cut to -- Bryan in the lobby, mid-interview.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: This was the first time a court
dialog: outside the county was shown the
dialog: overwhelming evidence that proves
text: Mr. McMillian’s innocence. Though
dialog: the court granted him a new trial,
dialog: we believe he deserves to be
dialog: released immediately, and that’s
dialog: what we’ll be arguing at the next
dialog: hearing.
text: The camera ZOOMS in on Tommy as he exits the courtroom.
speaker_heading: STELLA TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Mr. Chapman, how do you feel about
dialog: today’s decision?
speaker_heading: TOMMY (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: No comment at this time.
text: As Tommy heads out the door --
scene_heading: 155 INT. TOMMY CHAPMAN’S HOUSE - DINING TABLE - NIGHT 155
text: Tommy sits at the table, looking over paperwork from
text: McMillian’s case, stressed. His WIFE enters, hands him a
text: glass of water. She rubs his back, sees his anxiety.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: If I don’t keep fightin’ this, I’m
dialog: not gonna have a job when it’s
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: TOMMY’S WIFE
dialog: Do you think he did it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 155
speaker_heading: A156
speaker_heading: B156
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 155
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (beat; then)
dialog: It doesn’t matter what I think.
speaker_heading: TOMMY’S WIFE
dialog: Of course, it does.
text: As Tommy ponders her words --
scene_heading: EXT. EJI OFFICE - DAY A156
text: A BLACK CAR stops in front of the office. A STATE
text: OFFICER in a suit steps out, envelope in his hand.
text: He walks to the door and into --
scene_heading: INT. EJI OFFICE - NEXT B156
text: The STATE OFFICER enters the office, sees Eva with a
text: stack of files.
speaker_heading: STATE OFFICER
dialog: I'm looking for attorney Bryan
dialog: Stevenson.
text: Eva motions toward the desk as Bryan looks up, stands as
text: the Officer walks to him.
speaker_heading: STATE OFFICER
dialog: Mr. Stevenson?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Yes?
text: He hands him an official envelope.
speaker_heading: STATE OFFICER
dialog: I’ve been ordered to serve this
dialog: pleading to you.
text: The Officer leaves. All eyes in the office are on Bryan
text: as he opens the envelope, takes out the file, and reads.
text: His face falls, processes for a beat before --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
text: Tommy Chapman is asking the court
dialog: to stay the proceedings so the
dialog: order for a new trial isn’t
dialog: implemented. He’s claiming he now
dialog: wants to reinvestigate the crime.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: B156
speaker_heading: C156
speaker_heading: D156
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 130.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: B156
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat; looks up)
dialog: He’s trying to block us to buy
dialog: time to rebuild his case.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That son of a bitch.
text: Bryan can’t believe this is happening. He grips the file
text: in his hand, walks toward the door, infuriated.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You want some backup?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m good.
scene_heading: EXT. MONROE COUNTY - AFTERNOON C156
text: Bryan's car drives by.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/CHAPMAN’S HOUSE - EVENING D156
text: Bryan drives up to Tommy’s house, gets out, and strides
dialog: up to the front door --
text: KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. A beat of Bryan keeping his anger in
text: check. The door OPENS, Tommy sees Bryan glaring back at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Bryan.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (not holding back)
dialog: You're asking the court to keep a
dialog: man on death row that you know is
dialog: innocent?
text: Tommy steps outside, closes the door, squares up against
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Not sure what you mean.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: The Supreme Court supports all the
dialog: evidence we presented, and every
dialog: one of your witnesses have
dialog: recanted. You’ve got nothing
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 131.
speaker_heading: D156 CONTINUED: D156
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: My investigation is still in
dialog: process.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We both know you’re not going to
dialog: find anything.
text: Tommy stares at hima beat. Then --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Do you have any idea the bullshit
dialog: I've put up with since your ‘60
dialog: Minutes’ story aired? I got the
dialog: governor on my ass, the NAACP
dialog: callin’ me a racist, Ronda’s
dialog: family checkin’ in every day.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You can’t keep an innocent man in
dialog: prison while you try to salvage
dialog: your reputation.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: This ain’t got nothin’ to do with
dialog: my reputation. It’s about the
dialog: people in this county who hired me
dialog: to keep them safe.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What people are you talking about?
dialog: The ones in this neighborhood? Or
dialog: the ones from the black community
dialog: you took McMillian from? You
dialog: think they feel safe?
dialog: (off Tommy’s look)
dialog: Your job isn’t to defend a
dialog: conviction, it’s to achieve
dialog: justice. And as long as you keep
dialog: fighting us, someone in your
dialog: county is literally getting away
dialog: with murder.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You drive all the way down here at
dialog: dinnertime just to tell me how to
dialog: do my job?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: No. I’m here because I think you
dialog: know the difference between right
dialog: and wrong, and you know Johnny D
dialog: didn’t kill her.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: D156
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 9/14/18 (Goldenrod) 132.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) D156
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: I’m filing a motion to dismiss all
dialog: charges, and I think you should
dialog: join it.
text: For a brief second, it seems as if Bryan’s words might
text: break through. But then, Tommy speaks --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Next time you wanna stop by my
dialog: house, I’d appreciate you callin’
dialog: first.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Get the hell off my property.
text: Tommy heads inside as Bryan turns back to his car,
text: unfazed.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - CHECK-IN - DAY 156
text: A BLACK GUARD (50s) checks Bryan’s ID, signing him in.
speaker_heading: BLACK GUARD
dialog: Saw you on TV a few times, talkin’
dialog: ‘bout McMillian.
text: Bryan smiles, unsure what he’ll say next. Then, the
text: guard holds out his fist. Bryan gives hima bump. A
text: moment of connection before he heads inside.
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - VISITING ROOM - DAY 157
text: Bryan sits across from Walter.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: We'll be presenting our motion to
dialog: a new judge this time. It’ll bea
dialog: small hearing to present our
dialog: motion to drop the charges against
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: And what happens when they say no?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (tries to be
dialog: positive)
dialog: Then we start over with a new
dialog: trial. Clean slate.
text: Walter leans back, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 133.
speaker_heading: 157 CONTINUED: 157
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Been in here six years. And they
dialog: gonna make us start this all over?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I know it’s frustrating, but think
dialog: about how far we’ve come.
text: Bryan can see he’s not connecting. He reaches into a bag
text: and pulls out a suit, spreads it on the table.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I don’t want you wearing a
dialog: jumpsuit this time.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Regardless of what happens, I want
dialog: them to know that we expect them
dialog: to send you home.
text: Walter touches the fabric of the coat, tries hard to
dialog: believe there might be hope, but can’t get there. He
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You ever think about dying?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Why would you ask that?
text: Walter looks off, deep in thought. Then --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That’s all everybody in here talk
dialog: about. What they gonna do before
dialog: they executed, what they gonna eat
dialog: for their last meal, who they
dialog: givin’ their stuff to. I always
dialog: try to stay away from talk like
dialog: that, try to stay positive. But
dialog: the longer this goes, the harder
dialog: it is to stop my mind from goin’
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You can’t think like that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're too close to give up now.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I know.
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: I’m just tired.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 134,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 157
text: Bryan sees the exhaustion in his eyes. He doesn’t know
dialog: how much more his friend can endure.
scene_heading: EXT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY 158
text: Bryan's Civic pulls into the packed parking lot. A
text: handful of PEOPLE (black and white) walk to the doors
dialog: from their cars.
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY 159
text: Bryan, Eva, and Brenda walk down the hall, exchanging
text: concerned looks as they see a large group of PEOPLE in
text: front of the courtroom doors. All of them are black.
text: Walter’s FRIENDS and FAMILY.
text: Bryan exchanges a concerned look with Eva as he finds
text: Evelyn, Minnie, John, and the rest of Walter’s family.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: They won’t let us in.
text: Evelyn points to a YOUNG GUARD (22, white) standing at
text: the door, letting a short line of WHITE PEOPLE through.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That boy’s makin’ us wait out here
text: for over an hour.
text: Bryan quickly approaches the Guard, boiling.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUARD
dialog: Just followin’ orders.
dialog: Bryan knows exactly who gave that order. He continues
dialog: firmly.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: This is a public hearing and these
dialog: people need to be let in right
dialog: now.
dialog: The Guard doesn’t know quite what to do. Doesn’t really
text: matter, anyway, the last WHITE AUDIENCE MEMBER walks in.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUARD
dialog: Umm... Y’all can go in now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 135.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 159
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: You mean now that there’s no seats
dialog: left?
text: As the Guard stares at Eva, Minnie diffuses the tension,
text: doesn’t want to ruin her chance to get inside.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: It’s okay. We’ll find room.
text: The Guard stands firm as Minnie leads the group inside.
scene_heading: INT. BALDWIN COUNTY COURTHOUSE - COURTROOM - CONTINUOUS 160
speaker_heading: ACTION
text: Bryan sits at the defense table with Walter, in his suit.
text: Eva and Brenda are with Walter’s family, standing behind
text: a sea of white people. 40 MEMBERS of Walter’s community
text: also stand at the back, peering over the heads of the
dialog: white audience as --
text: Sheriff Tate sits behind Tommy and his assistant at their
text: table. Tommy looks through his papers, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF #2
dialog: The Twenty-Eighth Judicial Circuit
dialog: Court of Alabama is now in
dialog: session, the honorable Judge
dialog: Pamela Baschab presiding!
text: The courtroom stands as JUDGE BASCHAB (40s, white)
text: enters. BAILIFF #2 finds his place as the Judge settles
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: Please be seated.
dialog: (as they sit)
dialog: We got a full house so let’s try
dialog: to move through this in a timely
dialog: manner. We’re here because Mr.
dialog: Stevenson has filed a motion to
dialog: dismiss all charges against Mr.
dialog: McMillian in this case.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mr. Stevenson, since it’s your
dialog: motion, I’d like you to speak to
dialog: it first, and then we’ll hear from
dialog: the State.
text: Bryan stands. He looks at Walter, trying to control his
text: nerves, then to Walter’s family, and the men and women
text: standing in back. He looks forward, strong.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 136.
speaker_heading: 160 CONTINUED: 160
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It's easy to see this case as one
text: man trying to prove his innocence.
dialog: But when you put a black man on
dialog: death row for a year before his
dialog: trial, and exclude black people
dialog: from serving on his jury... When
dialog: you base your conviction on the
dialog: coerced testimony of a white felon
dialog: and ignore the testimonies of two
dialog: dozen law-abiding black
dialog: witnesses... When any evidence
dialog: proving his innocence is
dialog: suppressed, and anyone who tries
dialog: to tell the truth is threatened,
dialog: this case becomes more than the
dialog: trial of a single defendant, it
dialog: becomes a test of whether we’re
dialog: going to be governed by fear and
dialog: anger or by the rule of law.
dialog: (beat)
text: If the people standing in the back
dialog: of this courtroom are all presumed
dialog: guilty when accused, if they have
dialog: to live in fear of when this very
dialog: thing will happen to them, if
dialog: we're just going to accept a
dialog: system that treats you better if
dialog: you're rich and guilty than if
dialog: you’re poor and innocent, then we
dialog: can’t claim to be just.
text: Bryan takes a beat to look at Tommy. They briefly lock
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: If we say we are committed to
dialog: equal justice under law, to
dialog: protecting the rights of every
dialog: citizen regardless of wealth,
dialog: race, or status, then we have to
dialog: end this nightmare for Walter
dialog: McMillian and his family. The
dialog: charges against him have been
dialog: proved to be a false construction
dialog: of desperate people, fueled by
dialog: bigotry and bias, who ignored the
dialog: truth in exchange for easy
dialog: solutions. That’s not the law...
dialog: That’s not justice... That’s not
dialog: right.
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: This case should be dismissed
dialog: immediately, Your Honor. Thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 160
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 137.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 160
text: Bryan takes his seat. Silence as --
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: Mr. Chapman, what is the State’s
dialog: position on this motion?
text: Tommy sits there, deep in thought, playing with his
text: pencil. He stays silent long enough to make it awkward.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: Mr. Chapman?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Yes, Your Honor. Sorry, I’m
dialog: just...
text: Tommy reluctantly stands, unsure of what to say.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I’m troubled, Your Honor.
text: The Judge glances at Bryan, confused by Tommy's
dialog: statement.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: You're troubled?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Yes, Your Honor, sorry I...
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: People in this community want to
dialog: go to sleep at night knowin’ that
dialog: if someone commits a terrible
dialog: crime, that someone is gonna be
dialog: punished for it...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But... I’ve taken another look at
dialog: the evidence, and...
text: Tommy turns to Walter’s people standing in the back. He
text: glances at Bryan, then to the Judge. Another long
dialog: beat...
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: Mr. Chapman, please.
text: Tommy thinks for another beat. Then finally --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: The State does not object to the
dialog: motion, Your Honor.
text: A stunned beat. MURMURS in the courtroom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 138.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 160
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: To be clear, Mr. Chapman. Are you
dialog: joining the motion to dismiss all
dialog: charges today?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes, Your Honor.
text: The MURMURS grow louder from the courtroom as --
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: Order, please.
text: Silence falls. Judge Baschab is quiet a beat, considers
text: everything. Then, she looks at Tommy and Bryan.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: Well, y’all made my job easy
dialog: today.
text: Walter and his family hold their breath, nervous and
dialog: unsure as to what this means as --
speaker_heading: JUDGE BASCHAB
dialog: In the case of The People vs.
dialog: McMillian, the court hereby grants
dialog: the defendant’s motion.
dialog: (beat; looks to
dialog: Walter)
dialog: All charges against you are
dialog: dismissed, Mr. McMillian. You’re
dialog: free to go.
text: Walter sits in stunned silence, trying to process as --
text: His family erupts in JOYFUL SOBS. Minnie hugs John and
text: Jackie. Eva hugs Brenda. Tate shoots Tommy a
text: disappointed look as he walks out the door.
text: Amidst the rejoicing, MOVE IN CLOSE ON Walter as he
text: suddenly hides his face in his hands, unable to control
text: the emotions inside of him. Bryan leans in, tries to
dialog: comfort him.
text: Bryan realizes Walter needs his family. He glances at
text: Eva, who nods back -- she understands. She waves to
text: Minnie, John and Jackie to follow her down the aisle.
text: They stop at the partition.
text: Minnie looks to the Judge, who nods for her to continue.
text: She rushes to Walter, her children close behind, all of
text: them crouch down and embrace him where he sits.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 139.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 160
text: Bryan steps back, lets them have their moment. He sees
text: Tommy watching the reuniting of this family. They
text: briefly lock eyes. Tommy offers a humble nod, which
text: Bryan returns.
text: Then, he exchanges a knowing look with Eva, neither of
dialog: them fully able to believe this is really happening as --
text: CLANGING fills the air, overtakes all sound. Followed by
text: the SHOUTS OF MEN, YELLING, BANGING AGAINST BARS as --
scene_heading: INT. HOLMAN PRISON - DEATH ROW - AFTERNOON 161
text: Walter steps out of his cell in a black suit, duffle bag
text: on his shoulder as a HUNDRED MEN YELL, WHISTLE, and BANG
text: their metal cups on the bars, letting him know he’s not
dialog: alone.
text: Jeremy and a guard walk behind Walter, letting him lead
text: for once as he walks to --
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S CELL
text: Anthony stands at his door, sad to see Walter go, but
text: proud for his friend. He sticks his hand through the
text: slot, fighting back tears as he shakes Walter’s hand.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: We all with you, brother.
text: The words give Walter strength. He hesitates, then lets
text: go of Anthony’s hand. Anthony looks at him through tears
dialog: as --
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/WALTER’S HOUSE - LATER 162
text: Bryan drives, Walter beside him. On his way home from
text: prison, both still not fully able to believe it.
text: Bryan makes his way down the long dirt road toward
text: Walter’s house as Walter soaks it in like he’s seeing
text: everything for the first time.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (points to a house)
dialog: Benny got a new truck.
text: Bryan glances at him, moved by his childlike wonder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 140.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 162
text: They pull up to Walter’s house, the front yard packed
text: with PEOPLE, grilling meat and celebrating Walter's
text: return. A few of them wave to Walter as they pull up.
text: Bryan parks, turns off the engine. A quiet moment
text: between friends as Walter hesitates, then --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Spent so much time thinkin’ ‘bout
dialog: dying in there, never thought
dialog: about what I’d do if I got out.
text: Walter watches all his friends cooking and laughing.
text: Minnie waves for him to hurry up. He waves back.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Those six years wasn’t all they
dialog: took from me... They took a lot
dialog: more than that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not sure how I’m gonna do this.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (beat; caring)
dialog: We'll figure it out.
text: Walter looks at Bryan, full of gratitude as a smile
dialog: forms.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Let’s go eat everything on that
text: grill before the kids get to it.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Great idea.
text: They step out of the car and walk to the party as --
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: I heard some people say that me
dialog: gettin’ out shows that this system
dialog: is workin’.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. SENATE COMMITTEE HEARING - DAY 163
text: Walter sits at a table with Bryan, addressing the 20
text: SENATORS seated in a semi-circle in front of him. Behind
text: them, a room full of REPORTERS and COMMUNITY LEADERS.
dialog: Walter continues --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 141.
speaker_heading: 163 CONTINUED: 163
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: But if pullin’ a innocent man from
dialog: his family and lockin’ him ina
dialog: cell for 6 years is what you call
dialog: workin’, we got a different
dialog: understandin’ of the word. I
dialog: still can’t sleep past 3 A.M.,
dialog: ‘cause that’s when the guards woke
dialog: us up for breakfast. Everywhere I
dialog: go, I make sure somebody knows
dialog: where I am and what I’m doing.
dialog: When I go to the store, I make the
dialog: cashier sign my receipt, so if
dialog: somebody tells me six months later
dialog: I was doing a murder on the other
dialog: side of town, I can show ‘em proof
dialog: of where I was.
dialog: (emotional beat)
dialog: I saw seven men killed while I was
dialog: in there. Some of them was my
dialog: closest friends. I know they
dialog: ain’t all innocent. But they
dialog: still people. And...
text: Walter’s emotions overtake him, thinking about Herbert
dialog: and Anthony and all those he left behind, the pieces of
dialog: himself he will never get back.
text: Bryan pats his shoulder, can see he can’t go on, so he
text: takes over for him. Leans into the mic, addressing the
dialog: Senators.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: This man has taught me a lot in
dialog: the time I’ve known him... I came
dialog: out of law school with grand ideas
dialog: in my mind about how to change the
dialog: world. But then I started working
dialog: with people who were wrongly
dialog: convicted; children who were sent
dialog: to adult prisons where they were
dialog: raped and abused; people with
dialog: mental and physical disabilities
dialog: who were thrown into cells when
dialog: they should be in hospitals;
dialog: vulnerable people calling me every
dialog: day, begging for help. Sometimes
dialog: the problem seemed so big, I felt
dialog: like a fool for thinking I could
dialog: do anything to fix it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But working with Mr. McMillian
dialog: made me realize that we can’t
dialog: change the world with only ideas
dialog: in our minds, we also need
dialog: conviction in our hearts.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 142.
speaker_heading: 163 CONTINUED: (2) 163
dialog: Bryan
dialog: looks
dialog: up as
dialog: Bryan
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: This man taught me how to stay
dialog: hopeful, because I now know that
dialog: hopelessness is the enemy of
dialog: justice. Hope allows us to push
dialog: forward, even when the truth is
text: distorted by the people in power.
dialog: It allows us to stand up when they
dialog: tell us to sit down, and to speak
dialog: when they say be quiet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Through this work, I’ve learned
dialog: that each of us is more than the
dialog: worst thing we’ve ever done; that
dialog: the opposite of poverty isn’t
dialog: wealth, the opposite of poverty is
dialog: justice; that the character of our
dialog: nation isn’t reflected in how we
dialog: treat the rich and privileged, but
dialog: how we treat the poor, the
text: disfavored and condemned.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Our system has taken more from
dialog: this innocent man than it has the
dialog: power to give back. But I believe
dialog: if each of us can follow his lead,
dialog: we can begin to change this world
dialog: for the better. If we can look at
dialog: ourselves closely, and honestly, I
dialog: believe we will see that we all
dialog: need justice, we all need mercy
dialog: and perhaps, we all need some
text: measure of unmerited grace.
text: sits back in his chair, lets that sink in. Walter
text: at him with playful disbelief. The mic picks him
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I taught you all that?
dialog: (off Bryan’s nod)
dialog: That’s pretty good.
text: LAUGHS along with a handful of the Senators as --
speaker_heading: SERIES OF PHOTOS
text: Over photos of real-life Bryan, Walter, and Eva:
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSE:
scene_heading: -- BRYAN STEVENSON HAS BEEN FIGHTING FOR DEATH ROW
text: INMATES FOR 29 YEARS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
scene_heading: JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 143.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 163
scene_heading: -- TOGETHER, BRYAN, EVA, AND THE EJI STAFF, HAVE WON
scene_heading: REVERSALS, RELIEF, OR RELEASE FOR OVER 115 WRONGLY
text: CONDEMNED PRISONERS ON DEATH ROW.
scene_heading: -- FOR EVERY 9 PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN EXECUTED IN THE U.S.,
text: ONE INNOCENT PERSON HAS BEEN EXONERATED AND RELEASED FROM
scene_heading: DEATH ROW.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH ROW - ANTHONY’S CELL - DAY 164
text: FREEZE ON Anthony looking out of his cell.
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSE:
scene_heading: -- IN 1985 ANTHONY RAY HINTON WAS SENTENCED TO DEATH FOR
text: A DOUBLE HOMICIDE. HIS CONVICTION WAS BASED ALMOST
text: ENTIRELY ON A FAULTY BALLISTICS REPORT.
scene_heading: -- THE PROSECUTOR AT TRIAL SAID THAT HE COULD TELL
text: ANTHONY WAS GUILTY, AND “EVIL,” SOLELY FROM HIS
speaker_heading: APPEARANCE.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: IN 2016, AFTER SPENDING 30 YEARS ON HOLMAN
scene_heading: PRISON’S DEATH ROW FOR A CRIME HE DID NOT COMMIT, ANTHONY
text: RAY HINTON WAS SET FREE.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: ACTUAL NEWS FOOTAGE
text: OF THE REAL BRYAN STEVENSON walking out of prison with
text: THE REAL ANTHONY RAY HINTON (50s), cameras flashing as he
text: embraces his sister with tears in his eyes. He’s quickly
text: smothered by the hugs and tears of loved ones as --
text: Bryan watches from the side, grateful for the moment, but
dialog: reminded that all of us can do better for one another.
text: The work continues.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
text: THIS SCRIPT WAS PREPARED
scene_heading: BY WARNER BROS. PICTURES
scene_heading: SCRIPT PROCESSING DEPARTMENT
speaker_heading: (818) 954-4632
dialog: 
