speaker_heading: "KALIFORNIA"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Tim Metcalfe
dialog: Based on a story by
dialog: Stephen Levy and Tim Metcalfe
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. - NIGHT
text: It's raining like hell. Flashes of lightning reveal momentary
text: glimpses of a decayed urban/industrial landscape. Far below
text: us, a mysterious glistening wet rock lies engulfed in the
text: drowning earth. We descend toward the rock. Sporadic flashes
text: of lightning distort our perspective of the stone. It looks
text: strangely beautiful, like a diamond stuck in the dark mud...
dialog: Closer... Closer...
text: Suddenly, STRONG MALE HANDS cut across the frame and wrench
text: it free from its muddy grave. Even closer... And we discover
text: that the underbelly of this beautiful rock is teeming with
text: every kind of slithering repulsive insect... FLASH!!*
text: Lightning obliterates the frame.
text: (* FLASHES OF LIGHT from lightning, car headlights,
text: photographic strobe units and flashlights are used throughout
text: the following sequences as recurring transitional devices.)
scene_heading: CITY STREET EXT. NIGHT
text: We can barely see the darkened street in a run down part of
text: an inner city -- what we can see looks half demolished.
dialog: Flash!!
text: Through chain link fencing, the blinding headlights of a
text: 70'S CHEVY arc into frame. For an instant we see the fleeting
text: image of a PRETTY TEENAGE GIRL. On her feet a pair of bright
text: red high heeled shoes. The Chevy pulls up next to her.
scene_heading: INT. 70'S CHEVY - NIGHT
text: FLASH!! An oncoming car's headlights streak across the beat
text: up Chevy's windshield... revealing... THE DRIVER, 45ish, as
text: he leans across the passenger seat and opens the car door.
text: The pretty teenage girl slides into the car. Dressed only in
text: a skirt and T-Shirt, she's soaked to the skin. Make-up runs
text: down her face and her hair sticks to her bare shoulders. She
text: seems nervous... scared even.
scene_heading: PRETTY TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: Thanks.
text: As she closes the car door the man notices that her hand has
text: been injured. It's bound with coarse white toweling and
text: stained with blood. In her other hand, she clings tightly to
text: a cheap yellow leather purse. He reaches forward and puts
text: his hand on the gear-shift, the back of his hand brushing
text: against her leg, she moves away. He slides the gear-shift
dialog: into drive.
text: Another car's headlights flare the windshield as he pulls
text: out into the night.
scene_heading: INT. ROOFLESS OLD WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Suddenly... a powerful photographic strobe light ignites!
text: Revealing a decrepit warehouse interior. Silhouetted briefly
text: against the paint chipped walls are two figures: A man, BRIAN
text: KESSLER, 25, short chopped hair dressed in black on black,
text: and a woman, CARRIE LAUGHLIN, 25, short black hair and tight
text: black clothes. Carrie holds a 35mm still camera, an umbilical
text: cord runs to a strobe light. Brian holds a flashlight in one
text: hand, a tape recorder in the other. He begins speaking into
text: the tape recorder.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Her father worked the night shift
dialog: here. Most nights he'd bring her
dialog: with him.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She was eleven years old.
text: His flashlight scans the ominous environment. Carrie takes
dialog: flash photo.
scene_heading: EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE - NIGHT
text: Emerging from the blackness... The same strong male hands
text: that unearthed the rock now pulls his rain soaked jacket
text: clear of his torso. A crude bandage wrapped around one of
text: the fingers. The rock is slipped up under his jacket... up
text: against his bare chest. The jacket is pulled down to conceal
text: the rock and the faceless figure drifts away.
scene_heading: INT. ROOFLESS OLD WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The beam of Brian's flashlight sweeps through the darkness,
text: revealing another room.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: This is it. This is the where he'd
dialog: take her whenever he had the urge to
dialog: molest her.
text: The flashlight finds the corner in question. Flash!! The
text: warehouse lights up again, revealing a huge machine room.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Of course! Nobody would have heard
text: her cries over the noise of the
dialog: machines.
scene_heading: INT. 70'S CHEVY - NIGHT
text: A male hand wipes the steamy condensation clear of his car's
text: front window. The windshield wipers swipe incessantly at the
text: constant sheet of rain beyond.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Damn! This defroster never works...
text: The driver fidgets blindly with the various levers and knobs.
text: He finally manages to get the defroster and heater to work.
text: The girl leans forward into the stream of warm air.
scene_heading: PRETTY TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: ...Mmm... feels good.
text: She closes her eyes, lets it blow across her face. He watches
text: her. His eyes linger on her body.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Have a problem with your car?
text: She pulls her wet hair off her bruised face and gives him a
text: nervous smile.
scene_heading: PRETTY TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My problem's with men.
text: He throws a curious look at her, then back to the highway.
scene_heading: INT. ROOFLESS OLD WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Brian's flashlight moves around the room.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: This is where she murdered her first
text: victim. They found his body over in
text: the corner, shot through the head.
text: The flashlight continues to search through the darkness.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: They found her second victim over
dialog: there.
dialog: Another flash!!!!!
scene_heading: INT. 70'S CHEVY
text: Very close on the girl's yellow purse... as the metal zipper
text: is pulled open. The driver notices her opening the purse.
scene_heading: PRETTY TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: Okay if I smoke?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (unconvincingly)
dialog: ...sure.
text: The driver watches as she reaches into the purse... out a
text: soggy pack of matches. She looks at them... I look to the
dialog: driver.
scene_heading: PRETTY TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: My matches are all wet. You got a
dialog: lighter?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (scans the dashboard)
dialog: Yeah. It's here somewhere. It's my
dialog: wife's car. Ah... there it is.
text: He pushes the cigarette lighter in to heat. Out of the corner
text: of his eye, he sees the girl's hand slip back in her purse.
text: And stay there. She stares at the car lighter and... waits.
text: The driver glances at her, then back to the lighter.
scene_heading: INT. ROOFLESS OLD WAREHOUSE
text: FLASH!! As another strobe light ignites. Tape recorder hand,
dialog: Brian continues...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: She lured them here with the promise
dialog: of sex.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Imagine the anger and hatred she
dialog: must have felt returning to this
dialog: place. Did she use that to help her
dialog: pull the trigger?
text: Carrie snaps another shot. Flash!! The blinding flash
text: illuminates the night rain streaming in through the fractured
text: remains of the ceiling.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Shhhhhhhhh.
text: Brian stops talking. Carrie scans the darkness. From the
dialog: quiet...
dialog: A Thunderous Roar!!
scene_heading: INT. 70'S CHEVY - NIGHT
dialog: A Blinding Flash!!
text: As... a semi-trailer crosses paths with the 70'S CHEVY.
text: Close on the girl. An intent expression on her face as she
text: watches and waits... for the cigarette lighter to eject. His
text: hand reaches deeper into her purse. The Driver tenses as he
text: sees this. Suddenly...
text: POP!! The lighter ejects.
text: The Driver reaches for the dash. The girl hurriedly lifts
text: something out from inside the bag. The Driver yanks the
text: lighter out... and whips a look to the girl.
scene_heading: INT. ROOFLESS OLD WAREHOUSE
text: Brian's flashlight sweeps across the shadowed remains of the
text: rafters and catwalks. Scanning... Listening... Brian and
text: Carrie glance tentatively at each other... Then slowly Carrie
text: lifts the portable strobe unit upward until it is pointing
text: into the rafters. Carrie fires a shot, triggering a brilliant
dialog: Flash!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Flash! Out of the inky black... The glistening wet rock
text: emerges, hurtling downwards... Tumbling end over end through
dialog: the night rain...
scene_heading: INT. 70'S CHEVY
text: The girl pulls a pack of cigarettes out of her purse. She
text: looks curiously to the driver whose hand is trembling
dialog: slightly.
scene_heading: PRETTY TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (unconvincingly)
dialog: ...nothing.
text: The girl reaches out, steadies his trembling hand... and
text: pulls the red hot coil to the cigarette between her lips.
text: When... in a THUNDEROUS CRASH!! The glistening wet rock comes
dialog: smashing through their windshield!!!!
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: The CHEVY brakes... Skids across the rain-slicked pavement
text: and turns a somersault, landing upside down on its hood.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE: CLOSER
text: The CAMERA DRIFTS ACROSS the fractured front end of the
text: overturned CHEVY. The twisted hunk of metal hisses...
text: steams... groans. The front tire spins lazily to a halt on
text: its mangled axle.
scene_heading: IN THE BACKGROUND - HIGH OVERHEAD
text: We see a man standing on a highway overpass. He's leaning on
text: the railing and calmly looking down at the wrecked car.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: EARLY GRAYCE, 25, athletic build, big watery eyes, jet black
text: hair, stands by the railing. Rain streaks down his
text: expressionless face. He dropped the rock.
scene_heading: EARLY'S POV - THE 70'S CHEVY
text: Lying in the deserted highway. The Driver crawls out covered
text: with blood. Still clutched in his hand is the car cigarette
text: lighter. Its red hot coil extinguishing quickly to a faint
dialog: glow.
scene_heading: ANGLE: CLOSER ON EARLY
text: Calmly looking down with no pity. Even closer... Water running
text: down his face. Closer yet... On his eye... And right into
text: the dilated pupil.
text: As we enter it -- it's like being in a dark winding tunnel
text: filled with the hum of dynamos and the loud rhythmic pumping
text: of powerful machinery.
text: FROM SOMEWHERE IN THE BLACKNESS
text: The distant echo of a Woman's voice.
speaker_heading: KIM (O.S.)
dialog: Are you dead or alive?
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - BRIAN'S EAR - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Still hearing the whine from some tremendous dynamo, we emerge
text: from the inside of BRIAN'S RIGHT EARDRUM, pulling back far
text: enough to see his face.
speaker_heading: KIM (O.S.)
dialog: Brian?
text: Brian is distracted, distant, not paying attention to the
text: game of "Twenty Questions" that he is playing.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Dead.
speaker_heading: KIM (O.S.)
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Obviously!
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: A small party in progress. Graduate student types, smoking,
text: drinking. The usual. Carrie and Brian stand out in this group,
text: their look is more stylized, their attitude less complacent.
text: Carrie, in particular, looks restless.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Man or woman?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Man.
text: Carrie tunes in and pays attention to the game.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Real or fictional.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Real.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Ted Bundy.
text: Brian's eyes dart to Carrie. The look on his face tells
text: everyone she nailed it. Brian gets up to get another drink.
text: Several people laugh, amazed that Carrie knows Brian so well.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: What a guess!
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Doesn't count, she's disqualified.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Because you've been living with him,
dialog: and his thesis for the last year and
dialog: a half.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's probably been researching Ted
dialog: Bundy all week.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Carl, you are the world's worst loser!
text: Carl looks over to Carrie. She gives him the finger and a
text: cheeky smile.
text: CAROL, sitting next to Carrie, asks...
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Any word from that gallery?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Nervous?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...Apprehensive. Let's not forget
dialog: these are the people who banned the
dialog: Mapplethorpe show. Anyway,
text: California's loaded with galleries.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (nods toward Brian)
dialog: You mean 'Ted Bundy's' finally agreed
dialog: to leave?
text: Carrie watches Brian disappear into another room.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: ...Soon as he finishes his thesis.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Listen, Eric's been "finishing" his
dialog: for over three years now.
text: Carrie lights a cigarette. Her frustration is showing.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Yeah, well Brian's got 'til the end
dialog: of the summer, then I'm outta here.
text: She gets up and begins weaving her way through the crowded
text: room. Carol follows.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I'm sorry, but I just can't see you
dialog: veggin' out in LA-LA LAND.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Oh, I don't know... I think that
dialog: once I dye my hair blonde, buy a
dialog: string bikini and cultivate that
dialog: tan... I could be veggin' out with
dialog: the best of 'em...
dialog: (does a valley-
dialog: girl/beach bunny)
dialog: Like fer shurr!
text: Carrie and Carol share a strained laugh.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT KITCHEN - FEW MOMENTS LATER
text: The room's crowded with people. There's a lot of noise --
text: "shop talk," banter. Clipped conversations overlap, as we
text: find Brian with his friend Eric. They are in the midst of
text: making a blender of margaritas.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'm talking about the mind and
dialog: culpability of a serial killer.
dialog: Someone who has no ability to
dialog: distinguish between right and wrong
dialog: should not be imprisoned, let alone
dialog: executed.
text: Eric dumps in a handful of ice cubes as Brian pours in the
dialog: booze.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Oh, here we go again. Let's just lay
text: it all at the altar of misfiring
text: synapses, amok biochemicals and
dialog: horrendous childhoods.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Look, it's a fact, most of these
dialog: people suffer from a severe chemical
dialog: brain imbalance.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That enough Tequila?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Probably not...
text: Brian pours in the rest of the bottle.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (to Eric)
dialog: The answer is research and treatment
dialog: under hospital supervised conditions,
dialog: not the electric chair!
text: Eric looks for triple sec in the cupboards. PETER overhears
text: them on his way to the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah, until it's your mother's head
text: they find in the refrigerator.
text: He pulls open the refrigerator door and grabs two beers.
text: Carrie steps up behind Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Executing the killer wouldn't bring
dialog: my mother back.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Thank god!
text: Brian turns to see Carrie now behind him. She wraps her arms
text: around his neck.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (sarcastic to Carrie)
dialog: Ha, ha.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Yeah, but it'd sure make you feel
dialog: better, wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: No, it wouldn't make me feel better.
text: Peter finds triple sec in the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: ...Looking for this?
text: Eric takes the triple sec from Peter and pours some in the
text: blender. He turns it on. It whines.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (to Brian)
dialog: If I have to listen to one more
dialog: "tweed" talk about his dissertation,
dialog: I'm going to throw up.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (to Brian)
dialog: Label it anyway you want, the bottom
dialog: line is these people are evil, plain
dialog: and simple.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (continuing with Eric)
dialog: Okay, now you want to talk about
dialog: good versus evil? Well then let's
text: start with Adam and Eve and the snake.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Who do I have to blow to get out of
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (reconsiders)
dialog: A... I gotta go.
scene_heading: EXT. LUCKY STREET GRILL
text: A relic from the fifties with large glass windows. The rain
text: has stopped but the streets are still wet. Early's piece of
text: shit Grand Prix pulls into the lot. He gets out and walks
text: into the diner.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - NIGHT
text: The place is almost empty. Early, still wet from the rain,
text: walks to the counter and sits down. He calls out to the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Coffee and a bowl of chili, please.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS (O.S.)
dialog: ...Be right there.
text: The only other customer is an OLD MAN, sitting at the counter
text: nearby nursing a cup of coffee. His face half hidden under a
text: rain soaked hat. Early selects a tune from the countertop
text: juke box.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN'S POV
text: Out of the corner of his eye he sees a bug (from the concrete
text: block) crawl out of Early's sleeve and onto the counter.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (from beneath his
dialog: shadowy brim...)
dialog: The Antichrist'll be a woman, in a
text: man's body. Seven heads and seven
dialog: tails.
text: Early gazes at the Old Man curiously, then calls out to the
dialog: waitress...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Make that to go.
text: Early notices the small bug crawling across the counter. He
text: leans closer to it and watches it. After a moment, he THWACKS
text: it off the counter with his thumb and finger. The bug lands
text: on the hot iron griddle with a SIZZLE!
text: EARLY glances at the Old Man again... then scoots over one
text: stool closer to him. Early seems curious to want to get a
text: glimpse under the brim of the Old Man's hat.
text: IN THE BACK KITCHEN AREA
text: The waitress is bagging Early's order to go... when the front
text: door slams shut!
scene_heading: FRONT DINING AREA
text: The waitress re-enters the room. It's empty. Neither the Old
text: Man nor Early are there. With Early's food in hand, she makes
text: her way along the rear of the counter toward the front door.
text: She glances around curiously. On the griddle, the remains of
text: something black and charred smoulders. Closer to the entrance,
text: she stares at the front door. The sign that hangs in its
text: window has been turned... the backside which faces her reads
dialog: "OPEN."
scene_heading: AT THE FRONT DOOR
text: She wonders about the sign for a moment, then stares curiously
text: out the window... not a soul in sight. She locks the door
text: and begins closing up for the night. She turns to make her
text: way to the rear of the diner then notices something. Slowly
text: she moves along the side wall, past a number of highbacked
text: booths.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Sitting on one of the funky old leather seats in a booth are
text: a pair of RED HIGH HEELED SHOES (the same pair worn earlier
text: by the Pretty Teenage Girl). The Waitress glances nervously
text: about the interior. No one in sight.
speaker_heading: AT THE BOOTH
text: She reaches down slowly and picks up the pair of shoes. Looks
text: at them closely. Stares at the inside lining. Then suddenly
text: out of the quiet... a voice.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...Size 6.
text: The Waitress spins a startled look to the booth beyond hers!
text: Early leans out from behind the highback partition.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: That's right ain't it, size 6?
text: The Waitress... smiles, nods shyly.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Happy birthday Adele.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early, you are so sweet.
text: This is ADELE CORNERS. She's 17, pretty, uneducated and
text: Early's girlfriend. She steps over to him, gives him a kiss,
text: then sits down on the seat across from him. She starts to
dialog: try on her new shoes.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I feel kind of like the wizard of
dialog: oz, you know when she gets the red
dialog: shoes.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well Dorothy, why don't you hand me
dialog: that chili there.
text: She passes the bag to Early. He digs in. Between bites, he
text: glances over to Adele who's enthusiastically pulling on the
dialog: new shoes.
scene_heading: INT. BRIAN AND CARRIE'S LOFT APARTMENT - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: A door swings open spilling light into a darkened room. Brian
text: and Carrie, a little drunk, return home from the party.
text: Their apartment is in an old converted industrial building
text: in a funky low rent part of town.
text: Brian walks ahead, Carrie trails behind him, peeling off her
text: clothes. She begins unzipping her dress, unnoticed by Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Tonight turned out to be pretty
dialog: interesting.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: The party?
text: She grabs a leather cap that sits on a chair.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: The warehouse. I'm not that drunk.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It was definitely the high point of
dialog: the evening.
text: Carrie's dress falls to the floor.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (getting excited)
dialog: Just being there where it really
dialog: happened. It was different... more
dialog: visceral.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Mmm... I love it when you talk like
dialog: that.
text: Brian is at the foot of the bed, he turns to see... Carrie
text: has transformed. She has stripped down to her black bra and
text: panties, fishnet stockings, a nightporter style leather cap.
text: A surprised Brian stands there a moment. Looking at Carrie.
dialog: She looks great.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: Carrie pushes Brian back onto the bed.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: Carrie climbs on top of him. She kisses his neck. Slowly
text: starts working her lips across his chest and down his stomach.
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S TRAILER - MORNING
text: A solitary trailer sits alongside a run down house.
scene_heading: INT. EARLY'S TRAILER - MORNING
text: Through the soot tinged atmosphere, sunlight filters in past
text: the curtained windows. Early is lying face down in bed, his
text: right arm extended over the side. Adele is in the kitchen
text: half dressed, and unsuccessfully attempting to iron one of
text: Early's shirts. She realizes the iron is out of water, she
text: sets it down and steps to the sink and fills a glass with
text: water. As she does she glances at a cactus on the counter.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You thirsty Lucy?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: She waters her small cactus (Lucy).
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Bet that feels good, don't it?
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - THE REFRIGERATOR
text: Adele smiles then notices that a photo held to the fridge by
text: a decorative magnet has fallen to the floor. She picks it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Now if that ain't Momma's little
dialog: angel.
text: Adele puts it back onto the fridge. It is a photo of a young
text: Early with his mother. In the photo Early appears to be about
text: ten or eleven. he stands next to his mother. Her arm is draped
text: over his shoulders, she is holding a drink. A cigarette butt
text: dangles between her fingers. Nearby a portable radio is tuned
text: to music, when the local radio jingle comes on and segues to
dialog: the news.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON EARLY
text: A handkerchief bandana is tied around his head and over his
dialog: eyes.
text: The NEWSCASTER'S voice gets louder.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (O.S.)
dialog: ...two more victims last night, when
text: a twenty pound rock smashed through
dialog: the windshield of their car...
scene_heading: CLOSER - EARLY'S FACE
text: Slowly he reaches to his face and lifts the bandana up off
text: one eye. Even closer on his left eyelid. It flutters... pops
text: open and blinks. Now... his eyeball stares right at us. The
text: pitch black pupil contracts in the morning light. The
text: newscaster's voice continues to amplify...
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: This was the third such attack in
dialog: the past month and while an extensive
dialog: police operation is underway... no
dialog: arrests have yet been made.
text: The newscaster's voice quickly fades away. Early calmly closes
text: his eyes and drifts back to sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S TRAILER - LATE MORNING
text: Early emerges from the trailer drinking a bottle of beer. He
text: looks around the yard, it's full of various kinds of useless
text: junk. He walks over to his car. Adele appears in the doorway
text: of the trailer in her bathrobe.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early...
text: She glances around to make certain that no one's looking,
text: then 'flashes' her body to Early with a giggle.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Have a good one.
text: Early smiles. Adele turns back into the trailer then,
dialog: remembers...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Oh... I forgot to tell you, Mr.
dialog: Diebold was by again yesterday.
text: Early looks at the run down house next door where Diebold
text: lives. A beat up red pick-up is parked in front.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: He said, if he ain't got the rest of
dialog: his money by the end of the month,
dialog: he's gonna "kick us the...
dialog: (spells the word fuck
dialog: to avoid saying it)
dialog: F-U-C-K outta here."
text: Early works his jaw, thinking.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: He said that, huh? Cursed in front
dialog: of you?
text: Adele nods.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You gonna talk to him?
text: Early gets in his car.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: If he comes back, don't answer the
dialog: door.
text: Early revs the raspy engine.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Suppose he hears me inside?
text: Adele's words are unheard as Early pulls away flinging his
text: beer bottle at a couple of chained PITBULLS in Diebold's
text: front yard.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. BRIAN AND CARRIE'S LOFT - AFTERNOON
text: Brian enters the darkened loft interior.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I picked up some Chinese. Did you
dialog: hear from the gallery?
text: Brian turns the corner, he's immediately greeted by a series
text: of erotic images being projected on the far wall. They are
dialog: slides of Carrie's photographic work. In regard to the nature
dialog: and content of Carrie's photographic work, her photographs
text: address the sexual collision of opposites. "What if's." The
text: subjects of her photographs are hypothetical and highly
text: unlikely partners. Studies in contract. Moments of passion.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (tentative)
dialog: You got your slides back.
text: From across the room, he hears Carrie's disembodied voice.
text: He drifts toward the couch.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Yeah, same old shit. Too graphic...
dialog: not suitable for mass consumption...
dialog: one of those... I forget. Who cares.
text: Brian finds her slumped down on the couch. He sits down.
text: She's got a drink in her hand. A bottle on her lap. She
text: continues to click through the slides. As she rambles on,
text: it's obvious that she's definitely under the influence of
dialog: something 90 proof.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Christ Brian I'm dying here... you
dialog: are too, you just don't know it yet.
dialog: You're too busy working on that damned
dialog: thesis... And, thing is... when you
dialog: finally do finish it, it's just gonna
text: get filed away on some shelf at the
dialog: University Library... then what?
text: Brian can see she's upset. Drowsy from the booze. He just
text: watches her. Listens. Her words linger in his head.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (continues)
dialog: I thought you wanted to be a writer.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: ...I do.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Then you can write anywhere. Let's
dialog: get out of here, while we still can.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Carrie, come on... we can leave
dialog: anytime we...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No we can't. We can never leave once
dialog: you start talking about tenure...
dialog: and vacation pay... and parking
dialog: privileges and... oh shit! let's
dialog: just go to California now, right
dialog: now, before it's too late.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...just like that?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Just like that. Load up the Lincoln...
dialog: point it West... stop when we hit
dialog: the fucking ocean.
text: The bold graphic sexual photographs of Carrie's continue to
text: accentuate her comments.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: That's half the kick anyway. Doing
dialog: something you've never done before.
dialog: Experiencing something... different.
dialog: Something... unpredictable.
text: Brian notices an envelope on the floor nearby. He picks it
text: up. Opens it. Inside, he finds the photographs Carrie took
text: at the warehouse. Interested, he shuffles through them. He
text: becomes more and more intrigued with what he sees.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...These are great.
text: He glances over to Carrie... she's fallen asleep. He reaches
text: over and quietly pulls the drink glass from her hand.
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S TRAILER - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Early's Grand Prix has a head of steam up as it tears across
text: the drive and hangs a hard right into his parking space next
text: to the trailer. Suddenly, Early hits the brakes hard! Another
text: car is parked there.
scene_heading: INT. EARLY'S TRAILER
text: Early spills through the doorway.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Adele, who's car's that out...
text: Early spots his PAROLE OFFICER standing in the bedroom area
text: snooping around. He has a prosthetic hand which he uses to
text: search through Early's things.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: She's not here.
text: The Parole Officer hiccups throughout the scene.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What are you doin' here? I ain't
dialog: supposed to be at the Parole Office
dialog: 'til tomorrow, two o'clock.
text: Early notices the man looking through some of his letters
dialog: and papers.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: Social call.
text: The Parole Officer opens one of the closet doors, pilfers
text: through things inside, as if searching for something. Early
text: is getting pissed off but says nothing.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: You're supposed to call me when you
dialog: lose your job Early. I stopped by
dialog: the mirror factory today, you left
text: quite a mess behind there.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Wasn't my fault...
text: He lifts his crudely bandaged middle finger.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...It was dangerous there and they
dialog: treated me like shit.
text: Parole Officer steps over to the refrigerator, opens it,
text: snoops around inside.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: (swallows a hiccup)
dialog: Yeah... Well you never have been
dialog: 'treated right'... Have you?
dialog: (hiccup)
dialog: Your father was pickin' on you when
dialog: he threw you out of the house for
text: stealing the tires off his truck.
dialog: The Marines misunderstood you when
dialog: they gave you that dishonorable
dialog: discharge.
text: He finishes with the refrigerator and continues his search
text: through the drawers and cabinets of the trailer.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: (hiccup)
dialog: ...The police were way out of line
dialog: when they stopped you from beating
dialog: that bartender half to death. And no
dialog: doubt God'll be pickin' on you on
dialog: Judgement Day...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I ain't got nothing against God.
dialog: It's the people he let come into the
dialog: world... lot of them should have
dialog: been stopped at the door. What are
dialog: you looking for?
text: The Parole Officer ignores the question. He steps up to a
text: sink overflowing with dirty dishes.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: That girlfriend of yours ain't much
dialog: for housekeeping, is she.
text: Early dismisses the place with a glance.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I'm thinking about moving...
text: Early opens the refrigerator, grabs a bottle of beer.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Maybe down to Texas... Probably get
text: some work on them offshore oil rigs.
dialog: Hear the pay's good... hell, the
dialog: weather's got to be better'n here.
text: Early sits down at the table. The Parole Officer steps over
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: What are you talking about? You know
dialog: you can't leave the state.
dialog: (hiccup)
dialog: What you can do is get a job.
text: The Parole Officer pulls a slip of paper from his shirt
text: pocket, sets it on the table.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: You be at this personnel office,
text: Friday, three o'clock sharp.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: ...Janitor's job.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Oh man... come on, I don't want no
dialog: janitor job.
text: Early lifts his beer for another drink. The Parole Officer's
text: prosthetic hand snaps tight around the neck of the beer
text: bottle, just inches from Early's lips.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: Hey, I don't give two shits about
dialog: what you want or don't want... I'm
dialog: telling you to be there Friday, three
dialog: o'clock sharp or the sheriff will be
dialog: here for dinner. You understand?
text: With that Early looks up at the man, almost defiantly, then
text: stands up. The Parole Officer hiccups again. Early stares at
text: him for a moment.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You oughta think about putting a bag
dialog: over your head... Might cure them
dialog: hiccups.
text: The Parole Officer shakes his head in disgust and walks out
text: of the trailer to his car.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: BRIAN'S DESK IN ANOTHER PART OF LOFT APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Brian's in the midst of working his way through pages and
text: pages of thesis notes scattered atop his desk. Using
text: chopsticks he shovels Chinese straight out of the carton as
text: he studies Carrie's warehouse photographs.
speaker_heading: CARRIE'S POV
text: As we approach Brian from behind, moving closer, closer.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - BRIAN'S DESK
text: Carrie steps up behind him. She's rubbing her eyes, having
text: just awakened. A hangover beckons. Brian notices her.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Hey. I didn't have the heart to wake
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Thanks. What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Well, I sat down with my tapes and
dialog: your photographs, which are great by
dialog: the way... and I started writing.
text: Carrie grabs his container of Chinese and takes a few bites.
dialog: Listens.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: So how's it going?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...I think it's the best stuff I've
dialog: done.
text: Carrie glances over his shoulder at his writing.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...and I think I know why.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Because I was there. And for a moment
dialog: that night I understood how she came
text: to pull the trigger.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: This mean your finally going to finish
dialog: your thesis?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Look, fuck the thesis. I think there's
dialog: a book here. Your photographs and my
dialog: research, together.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: A book on the warehouse murders?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: A book on some of the most infamous
dialog: murderers in America. I want to go
dialog: to where they lived and where they
dialog: killed and I want you to photograph
dialog: it.
text: Brian reaches down to the floor and pulls a large map of the
text: United States up and lays it out on his desk. He traces a
text: route West. Along the way, specific locations have been
dialog: circled.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What I'm thinking is, we can drop
dialog: down through Tennessee, across
dialog: Arkansas and into Texas, from there
text: it's a straight shot into California.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: "We don't stop... until we hit the
dialog: fucking ocean."
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's about fucking time, Kessler!
dialog: I'd just about given up on you.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: We don't have enough money, but we'll
dialog: figure something out.
text: Carrie steps up to Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...It's either the best idea I've
dialog: had in a long time... or there's way
dialog: too much MSG in this stuff.
text: Brian looks at the container of Chinese in his hand. Carrie
text: takes it from him, sets it down on the road map. Kisses him.
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S TRAILER - DAWN
text: Early exits the trailer and climbs into his Grand Prix.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND PRIX
text: Early tries to get the engine to tick over. Then... He sees
text: JOHN DIEBOLD, his landlord, emerge from his house and begin
text: lumbering toward the Grand Prix. The two panting ugly-ass
text: pitbulls trot alongside their master.
speaker_heading: DIEBOLD
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Hold on a minute there boy!
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Shit!
text: Early tries the engine again. Still won't start. Diebold,
text: getting closer. The dogs are barking.
speaker_heading: DIEBOLD
dialog: Goddamit, you're gonna settle up
dialog: that rent here and now.
text: Hurriedly, Early tries the engine one more time. It starts.
text: Grinning from ear to ear, Early pulls away before Diebold
text: and his dogs reach him.
text: Pissed, Diebold grabs a rock and hurls it, hitting Early's
dialog: car.
text: The car stops, dead in its tracks.
speaker_heading: DIEBOLD
dialog: I've had it with your bullshit boy.
dialog: I want my money.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND PRIX
text: Early looks in the rear-view mirror and sees... Diebold
text: standing there confrontational.
text: Early throws the gearshift into reverse...
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S TRAILER
text: Tires screeching, the car surges toward Diebold and the dogs.
text: Scared shitless... Diebold begins back peddling. Confused,
text: the pitbulls bark, then follow suit.
text: Early laughs as he stalks Diebold.
text: Diebold jumps out of the way of the Grand Prix just as it
text: pulverizes his portable barbecue.
text: Early shifts it into drive and barrels out of the drive.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - DIEBOLD
text: As soon as the Grand Prix is out of sight...
speaker_heading: DIEBOLD
dialog: (hollering)
dialog: You sonofabitch! Come back here!
text: Furious, he turns to find Adele staring at him from the window
text: of her trailer.
speaker_heading: DIEBOLD
dialog: That's it! You tell him... I want
dialog: you both the fuck out of here by
dialog: Sunday or I'm gonna call the Police.
text: Adele starts laughing, she tries to hide it with her hand.
speaker_heading: DIEBOLD
dialog: ...You won't be laughing come Sunday
dialog: little girl.
text: Muttering to himself, he turns back toward his house. He
text: then notices what Adele is laughing at. One pitbull is trying
text: to hump the other.
speaker_heading: DIEBOLD
dialog: Elvis! Get the fuck off him!
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - ADELE
text: Peering out at him from the trailer window laughing at the
dialog: dogs.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - UNIVERSITY
text: Brian pulls up in his BLACK '62 LINCOLN CONTINENTAL. The
text: suicide doors and leather interior have seen better days.
text: Brian locks his car and walks into the building.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY OF THE ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - AFTERNOON
text: Brian steps up to a large bulletin board. He sees several
text: 'Ride-Share' notes to various cities on the board. He pins a
text: Ride-Share note onto the board. We see the note is headlined
text: in red - "CALIFORNIA"
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You know, they say one of these
dialog: days...
text: Brian glances over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: ...the whole thing's going to slide
dialog: into the ocean... Yeah, I know.
text: Carol peers over Brian's shoulder and reads the note.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: "Looking for someone to take turns
dialog: at the wheel and share expenses...
dialog: on a week long cross country blue-
dialog: highways tour of historic murder
dialog: sites..."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You gotta be kidding. Who in their
dialog: right mind would want to do that?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...I would.
text: Brian smiles at her and walks away.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (watching Brian walk
dialog: away)
dialog: Like I said...
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Where's the personnel office at?
text: Carol turns to see Early.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (points down the hall)
text: First door on the left.
text: She walks away. Early's eye catches the bulletin board, he
text: sees in bold red marker - "CALIFORNIA."
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S TRAILER - LATE THAT NIGHT
text: Adele steps out of the trailer.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early?
text: She walks carefully around the junk piles. It's dark; hard
text: to see. She comes to the edge of a deep dark hole and peers
text: in... She can't see anything but hears the rustling of a
text: shovel digging.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early? You down there?
text: The sound of digging stops.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (from inside the hole)
dialog: What's up Adele? Dinner ready?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Almost.
text: After a moment's hesitation, Early resumes his digging.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early...
text: The digging stops again.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Tell me more about California.
text: The moonlight illuminates his face when he looks up at her.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well... for one thing... They think
dialog: faster out there, on account of all
dialog: that warm weather they got; cold
dialog: weather makes people stupid, that's
dialog: a fact.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I guess that'd explain why there's
dialog: so many stupid people around here.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Yeah, and in California you never
dialog: have to buy fruit 'cause it's all on
dialog: the trees everywhere you turn...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...and, 'course there ain't no speed
dialog: limit out there, and all drugs are
dialog: legal... And I heard your first
dialog: month's rent is free; state law. I
dialog: figure 'til we get settled we can
dialog: just move around month to month...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: What'll we do out there?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well... the very first thing we're
dialog: gonna do... is get us a couple of
text: six packs of Lucky Lager and climb
dialog: up on toppa' that famous Hollywood
text: sign and howl at the moon...
text: Early lets out a playful howl, as Adele looks up over her
text: shoulder at the moon.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You know... I read once... Ain't
dialog: nothin' on that big old moon 'cept
dialog: some old golf balls those astronauts
dialog: left behind.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Bull. That ain't right... Government
dialog: sends people there all the time,
dialog: just don't want us to know about it.
text: Adele smiles and begins walking back to the trailer.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Don't be long now, dinner's 'bout
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I heard that.
text: After a moment, Early climbs out of the hole and stands in
text: the moonlight for a moment. We see that he's completely naked
text: except for a pair of high top steel toed work boots. Early
text: gazes up into the night sky, looking at the cold white moon.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIAN AND CARRIE'S LOFT - DAWN
text: Brian exits loft carrying two bags. Carrie is also carrying
text: a bag, and smoking a cigarette, as they walk to the car.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: What did he sound like on the phone?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Real polite. Kept calling me 'sir.'
text: Brian throws the bags in the open trunk with the other bags.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I like that.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I still think we should have met
dialog: them first.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Beggars can't be choosers. They were
dialog: the only ones who answered the ride
dialog: share note, remember?
text: Carrie bows her head and folds her hands in mock prayer.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Please God, we're gonna be stuck
dialog: with these people for a week, don't
dialog: let them be as boring as Brian's
dialog: friends. Anything... but that.
text: Brian throws a needling glance to Carrie and slams the car
text: hood shut. They both get into the car, Brian behind the wheel.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Oh, yeah... He had a real thick accent
dialog: right outta "Deliverance."
dialog: (quotes from the movie)
dialog: "Still? Who said anything about a
dialog: still? Get ya ass up in them woods!"
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Funny, very funny.
text: Brian starts the car. It backfires loudly startling Carrie.
text: Brian laughs.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (quoting again)
dialog: "Aintry? This river don't go to
dialog: Aintry."
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN ON STREET
text: The engine revs again and the Lincoln pulls away down the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION - DAWN
text: PAN UP from Adele's new red high-heeled shoes. We hear Adele
text: speaking with an unfamiliar tone of authority to her voice.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: We shouldn't be doin' this, Early.
dialog: You leavin' the state, ridin' around
dialog: with strangers... besides, what kinda
dialog: people would want to stop at places
dialog: where other people was murdered.
text: The camera slowly reveals Adele... and the fact that she is
text: alone as she voices her concerns. Then from behind her Early
text: approaches. Just in time to hear...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: What if they're dangerous?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: They ain't dangerous Adele. They're
dialog: writers.
text: Startled, Adele drops her shoulder bag. It lands on top of a
text: couple of cardboard boxes and a beat up old duffle bag --
text: all their possessions. A few personal items spill out of it.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early Grayce!
text: She kneels down to pick things up.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (changes subject)
dialog: Did you settle things with Mr.
dialog: Diebold?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Yeah I left him with the car... We're
text: all squared up now.
speaker_heading: EARLY'S POV
text: As Adele picks up her spilled personal possessions, Early
text: notices her prized cactus in the bag.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What's this?
text: He angrily reaches in and grabs it.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early!
text: She reaches for the cactus but misses.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What kind of a person would carry a
dialog: cactus in her purse!
text: Adele bites her lip almost crying. Suddenly, Early looks
text: past Adele to see something, Adele turns too.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The Lincoln comes gliding into view.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - PULLS INTO BUS STATION - DAWN
text: Through the windshield we see Early... Adele by his side.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You've got to be kidding me, they
dialog: look like Okies!
text: Brian honks the horn, Early waves back.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Jesus... They've probably got five
text: bucks between them. Turn around.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Lighten up...
scene_heading: ON EARLY AND ADELE
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Geez, they look kinda weird.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You just smile, let me do all the
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: How many times you gonna tell me
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (smiling at Brian)
dialog: As many times as it takes.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION
text: Brian stops the Lincoln and gets out. He approaches Early
text: and shakes his hand, then Adele's.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Hi I'm Brian... Early, and you must
dialog: be Adele.
text: An awkward moment as everyone just stands there... until
text: Brian reaches for Adele's bag.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Let me help you.
text: Brian picks up her bag and carries it to the Lincoln. Adele
text: is instantly won over by the gesture -- Early leery of it.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Carrie watches as Brian and Early carry their things to the
text: trunk. Carrie leans forward and sets the trip odometer to
text: zero. When she sits back up, Adele is standing at her window.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Hi, I'm Adele.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (reserved)
dialog: Carrie.
text: She turns away from the window...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: I like your hair.
text: Carrie turns back, rolls down window...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...Pardon?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: ...I said, I like your hair.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...Thank you.
text: She turns and sees Early reflected in the side mirror watching
text: her. He grins at her, Carrie looks away.
text: NEW ANGLE: FROM INSIDE THE TRUNK OF THE LINCOLN
text: Brian crams the last of the bags in, as Early watches.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: Tight fit.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Best kind.
text: Brian looks to him, Early grins and winks. Brian slams the
text: Lincoln trunk lid shut.
text: SCREEN TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S BURNING TRAILER - DAWN
text: From the blackness... The camera rises from a pile of rubble.
text: As it ascends we reveal Diebold's pitbulls howling and digging
text: at a mound of fresh earth where Early's hole used to be.
text: The crackling flames of a nearby fire illuminate the scene.
text: Deep in the distance, the wail of approaching sirens.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Reveal that it's Early's trailer and car that are on fire.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER
text: Flames consume the magazine photos of Elvis and Priscilla,
text: Farrah and Ryan, Early and Adele. Along with them, the black
text: and white photo of young Early and his mother.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION - DAWN - OVERHEAD ANGLE
text: On the Lincoln as it exits the Bus Station. The camera
text: descends toward a lone trash can, to find there, lying amidst
text: the debris inside... Adele's cactus.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - MORNING
text: The Lincoln passes through on its way out of town.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING LINCOLN - MORNING
text: Brian behind the wheel, Carrie riding shotgun. Early and
text: Adele are sitting in the back seat. An awkward silence
text: prevails. Brian clears his throat.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Uh, we can stop somewhere if you and
dialog: Adele haven't had time for breakfast,
dialog: Early.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well, it's like this, Mr. Kessler.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Brian.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well, it's like this, Bri'. I don't
dialog: eat much in the mornin', never have.
dialog: Maybe a beer once in a while; Lucky
dialog: Lager's my favorite.
text: Brian raises his eyebrow a tad, but is not really curious
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: It's because of what he read in a
dialog: book once... That folks needin'
dialog: breakfast is a myth, or whatever,
dialog: put out by those cereal people.
text: A glance passes between Brian and Carrie. Is she for real?
scene_heading: CARRIE'S POV - IN VANITY MIRROR
dialog: Early motions Adele not to talk so much.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: So what do you do Early?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Oh... I do some work up at the Merrick
dialog: Mirror factory, or I used to...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: One night we figured out how much
dialog: bad luck he must have comin' from
dialog: all them mirrors he broke...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Four hundred and ninety four years
text: to work it all off... After he dies,
dialog: he'll have to keep coming back to
dialog: earth over and over and over...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Karma.
text: Adele and early show no sign of understanding the word.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Karma...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, if you do something bad to
dialog: somebody fate will pay you back by
dialog: something bad happening to you.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: That French ain't it?
text: Carrie glances at the odometer on the dash... THE FIRST MILE
text: clicks over.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - OUTSKIRTS OF THE CITY
text: Everyone takes a last look at the familiar countryside. Carrie
text: is snapping photos of the twisting concrete overpasses and
text: the gloomy grey sky beyond.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Adele watches Carrie, intrigued by the obvious skill Carrie
text: shows with the camera. Brian glances into the rear-view mirror
dialog: at Adele.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: So Adele, did Early happen to mention
dialog: the places we'll be stopping at?
text: ON ADELE'S REFLECTION IN MIRROR... then Early leans in front
dialog: of her.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Yeah Bri' I did.
text: Adele leans against Carrie's front seat.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (to Carrie)
dialog: Are you takin' the pictures?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: ...Yeah.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Is it hard to learn?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Not really.
text: Early pulls Adele back toward the back seat.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (to Brian)
dialog: You gonna talk to the people who did
dialog: those murders?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: That's a good idea. Unfortunately
text: most of them have been executed.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...Too bad.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN
text: Lincoln drives off down the highway.
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S TRAILER - LATER
text: Police and Firemen sift through the smoking ruins of Early's
text: trailer. The Parole Officer pulls up in his car, he gets out
text: and approaches a Police Officer.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: His Parole Officer.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Right, I talked to you on the phone.
dialog: They say it's a torch job, that sound
dialog: like your boy?
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: Could be.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Where would we find him?
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: Hell if I know, crazy son of a bitch
dialog: said he was thinking of moving to
dialog: Texas.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Without his car?
text: We see the smoldering remains of Early's Grand Prix. In the
text: background Diebold's pitbulls are being dragged away by a
dialog: Dog Wrangler.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: What about the owner of the house...
dialog: (reads from note pad)
dialog: ...this John Diebold, any idea where
dialog: he might be?
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: No, but I can tell you he's not gonna
dialog: be too happy about this.
text: From inside Early's hole we hear a voice call out.
speaker_heading: LABORER (O.S.)
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: Parole Officer and Police Officer turn back toward the
text: trailer, as people rush to the site.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - OVERHEAD
text: The camera aerials down past those gathering around the
text: freshly dug hole to... a Laborer standing at the bottom of
text: the pit. Alongside his shovel, we see that a man's arm has
text: been unearthed.
text: LOW ANGLE UP TO THE TOP OF THE HOLE
text: The Police and Parole Officer join several others standing
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: ...Diebold?
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: ...That'd be my guess.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
text: Looks like somebody cut off his ring
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Well now I'd say that's the least of
text: Mr. Diebold's problems.
text: The two men look to one another... as others begin to unearth
dialog: the body.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVING LINCOLN DRIVING DOWN COUNTRY ROAD
text: Close up, Diebold's ring on a hand twisting open a bottle
text: cap. Pull back to reveal that it is Early as he opens a bottle
text: of Lucky Lager beer and takes a sip. On the back seat between
text: them sits a brown paper bag. Adele reaches into the bag and
text: pulls out a cheap pocket camera. Excitedly she rips open the
text: box and pulls out the camera. She leans over and kisses Early.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Early reaches in the bag and pulls out a small plastic bottle
text: of mineral water and an orange juice.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: All right, who gets the...
dialog: (can't pronounce name)
dialog: ...water.
text: Carrie turns around, Early hands her the water. Early leans
text: forward and hands Brian the orange juice.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Here you go Bri'. Got a couple a
text: bags of chips and some jerky, just
dialog: holler if you want some.
text: Then Early reaches past Brian to the rear-view mirror and
text: hangs a plastic St. Christopher statue around it.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Can't hurt.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How much do I owe you?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Forget it.
text: Adele struggles to understand the camera instructions on the
text: side of the box. She leans forward and shows Carrie her
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Guess I don't know the first thing
dialog: about cameras.
text: Carrie deliberates her response for a moment, then...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Well, the first thing... is you need
text: film. Preferably black and white.
text: Carrie pulls a roll of film out of her bag and takes Adele's
dialog: camera to load.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You wouldn't have any color film,
dialog: would ya?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...Yeah, sure.
text: She pulls a roll of color film out of her camera bag and
text: quickly snaps it into the camera.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I like things in color, pink, purple,
dialog: and red. I dunno, black and white is
dialog: kinda... boring.
text: Carrie points the camera at a smiling Adele and snaps the
dialog: first picture.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You just aim and press the button.
text: Adele takes the camera.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Adele focuses her camera at the scenery out the side window
text: of the car.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Look, Pigeon Forge!
speaker_heading: ADELE'S POV
text: Road sign to Pigeon Forge.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN
text: Adele leans out the side rear window to get a better view.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I've heard of that! It's where Dolly
dialog: Parton has her park. "Dollywood". I
dialog: just think that's so clever.
dialog: Hollywood. Dollywood. Get it?
text: With that, she plops back down into the back seat.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Shush, Adele.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early, can we stop there... just for
dialog: a little while.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY
text: As we see the car disappearing into the distance, we can
text: still hear Adele rambling on.
speaker_heading: ADELE (O.S.)
dialog: ...I've always wanted to go there...
dialog: It could be such fun.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: EXT. LARGE ISOLATED OLD FARM - AFTERNOON
text: The Lincoln approaches on a dirtroad and passes a mailbox
text: with the name "BAXTER" on it. The Lincoln turns into the
text: long driveway.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - SAME TIME
text: Brian begins talking into a small portable tape recorder.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: The Novaks are all gone but the fence
dialog: that Michael Zaruba was hired to put
dialog: up is still here.
text: He glances to Carrie, who fires off several photos of the
text: fence and yard.
text: The Lincoln continues slowly down the long drive... Up ahead
text: through the windshield Brian sees a beautiful old farm house.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: The Novaks embraced the young drifter
dialog: as one of their own.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN
text: The Lincoln slows to a halt. Carrie and Brian exit the car
text: and begin walking toward the house. Early follows. Adele,
text: uncertain about what's transpiring, trails behind.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Hey you two.
text: Brian and Carrie turn to see... Adele training a camera on
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Give me a smile now.
text: Brian and Carrie look to one another then force a weak smile.
text: Early jumps in and throws a pair of devil's horns up behind
text: Brian's unsuspecting head as... the shutter clicks.
text: Brian and Carrie quickly turn their attention back on the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (continues into tape
dialog: recorder)
dialog: Neighbors said he was a quiet young
dialog: man, who was often seen pushing the
text: children on the swing set.
text: An unusual bird house and a tricycle sit in the front yard.
text: To the side of the house are the remains of an old swing
text: set. Carrie finds an interesting angle on the swing set,
text: with the house in the background, SNAP! She fires off a shot.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Everything was fine until the day
dialog: the family ran out of work for
dialog: Michael, and had to ask him to leave.
text: As Carrie frames up another shot, Early crosses in front of
text: her camera. Realizing he is in Carrie's photo he stops and
text: poses. Carrie looks to Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Sorry, Early... Could you step out
dialog: the way, for a second?
text: Early is surprised that they don't want him in the photograph.
text: He wanders away from the front of the house. Meanwhile, Adele
text: photographs the moment.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: The first one to die was the nine
dialog: year old daughter...
text: Just then... A NINE YEAR OLD GIRL comes running from around
text: the side of the house. She stops dead when she sees all of
text: them. Carrie snaps a final photo.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Hello.
text: The little girl scans all their faces.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...My name's Brian, what's yours?
text: The little girl remains silent. Brian rolls a look to Carrie
text: then back to the little girl.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...Could I speak to your parents?
text: After an awkward pause, the little girl silently crosses the
text: yard to the porch and opens the front door.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (rudely)
dialog: Pa! There's more of them.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Looking into the house through a kitchen window we can see
text: into the entrance hall and through to the open front door.
text: Brian waits outside on the porch, as the little girl enters
text: the house looking for her father. Inside the kitchen, right
text: next to the window, is a side table with a telephone and a
text: purse on it.
text: Suddenly... Early's reflection appears in the window; he has
text: obviously seen the purse.
scene_heading: AT THE FRONT DOOR
text: Brian motions for Carrie to join him.
text: AT THE SWING SET
text: Adele watches Brian and Carrie for a moment, then loses
text: interest. She stands on the seat of the swing and begins
dialog: swinging.
text: AT THE REAR OF THE HOUSE
text: Early tries to push up the kitchen window. It barely lifts
text: three inches before jamming. Through the room we see the
text: little girl and her father step to the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR
text: A MIDDLE AGED FARMER with tanned leathery skin. He is not
text: happy. Brian extends his hand...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Hi, my name is Brian Kessler.
text: The father says nothing and does not respond to the extended
text: hand. Brian retracts his hand.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (continues -- less
dialog: confident)
dialog: I'm a writer, I'm working on a book
dialog: about famous murderers.
text: AT THE SWING SET
text: Adele swings higher. Her summer dress ripples in the wind. A
text: smile on her face.
scene_heading: EXT. KITCHEN WINDOW
text: Early's entire arm is through the opening. His shoulder
text: presses against the window pane. But still he can't reach
text: the purse. So, he grabs the tablecloth and begins pulling it
text: toward him. The purse slides closer, inch by inch. All the
text: while, he keeps one eye on the Farmer across the room.
text: EARLY'S POV (ACROSS THE ROOM) The Farmer's back is turned to
text: the kitchen as he listens silently to Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...I'm sure you're aware that this
dialog: is the Novak house...
text: AT THE SWING SET
text: Adele swings even higher. She's lost in the moment. Euphoric.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (corrects himself)
dialog: ...I mean, this was the Novak house...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: With your permission I'd like to
dialog: come in and photograph...
text: Before Brian can finish, the man slams the door in his face.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN (ANGLE ON FARMER)
text: The Farmer turns away from the front door.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Goddamned ghouls...
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN
text: We see that Early and the purse have gone.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR
text: Brian is surprised. He just stands there a moment. He's not
dialog: sure whether to knock again.
scene_heading: EXT. SWING SET
text: The empty swing sways back and forth.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN
text: Brian and Carrie walk back to the car.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (upset)
dialog: We could have been in and out of
dialog: there in less than ten minutes...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Hey, I got some great stuff... it's
dialog: okay.
text: Brian continues on in a huff until Carrie breaks stride and
text: stops. She pulls him next to her.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's okay... okay?
text: Brian glances back at the house. She interrupts his glance,
text: kisses him.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (continuing on the
dialog: heel of the kiss)
dialog: ...That house is part of American
dialog: history now, whether he likes it or
dialog: not.
text: They enter the car.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Forget about it Bri'. I wouldn't be
dialog: surprised if that Karma thing don't
dialog: come back and get him.
text: Carrie, surprised at Early's new found philosophical belief.
text: She looks into her side view mirror... And sees Early smiling
text: back at her. Carrie looks away...
speaker_heading: CARRIE'S POV
text: Shifts from the mirror to the house in the background... as
text: the car pulls out of the driveway, the little girl watches
text: from her porch.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
text: EXT. - LINCOLN PULLS UP TO MOTEL AND PARKS.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: A small roadside diner. A fair number of people inside having
text: dinner. Adele, Early, Carrie, and Brian are seated at one of
dialog: the tables.
scene_heading: AT THEIR TABLE
text: Carrie watches Early eat with a kind of horrible, rude
text: fascination. He has no table manners at all. He eats with
text: his elbows on the table, fork wedged in the fist of his right
text: hand. All the while, he chews with his mouth open. He's
dialog: serious about his "eating."
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (studying his map)
dialog: Well we've come three hundred miles
dialog: so far. Not a bad day's haul.
text: Early doesn't bother to respond. He keeps eating.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You got any family or friends in
dialog: California, Early?
scene_heading: CU ANGLE ON EARLY
text: With a piece of bread he mops up the gravy on his plate.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (chewing)
dialog: Nope... You?
scene_heading: ANGLE UNDER THE TABLE
text: Early's foot itches... He tries to scratch it but it doesn't
dialog: do any good.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ADELE (O.S.)
dialog: Me neither. How 'bout you Carrie?
speaker_heading: CARRIE (O.S.)
dialog: No.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE GROUP
text: As Brian folds up the map. Early takes off his boot, then
text: his well-worn sock. Carrie's look of disgust grows as Early
text: brings his foot up onto his lap and scratches it while he
text: eats. Carrie puts her fork down: dinner is over for her.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: ...Well, least we got each other.
dialog: That's somethin'.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: Brian looks up, sees Carrie's expression... Then what's
text: causing it... Early mops up the last bit of food on his plate.
text: He notices Brian and Carrie staring at him and slowly puts
text: his foot back down on the floor -- then the sock.
text: Brian picks up the check to see the total... Starts pulling
text: his wallet out... Isn't quite sure how to bring up the tab
dialog: to Early.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Thanks Bri', I'll get the next one.
dialog: (prompts Adele)
dialog: Think it's time we hit the sack.
text: Early winks at Brian, Carrie catches the wink. Early and
text: Adele get up and head for the door. Adele waves goodnight.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (to Carrie)
dialog: Sweet dreams.
scene_heading: INT. CARRIE AND BRIAN'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Close on Carrie, she is reflected in a mirror. Reveal, Carrie
text: wearing only a T-shirt is at the vanity angrily brushing her
text: teeth. In the bathroom next to her, a bath is running. In
text: the adjacent bedroom, Brian is in the bed working on his
dialog: notes.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: (spits out a mouthful
dialog: of water)
dialog: You mean because I object to having
dialog: somebody take off their shoe and
dialog: scratch their foot while I'm eating
dialog: I'm prejudiced?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (reading notes)
text: He can't help the way he was raised.
dialog: I kinda feel sorry for him.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Carrie pauses in brushing her teeth.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Feel sorry for him? Obviously you
dialog: didn't get a whiff of that sock?
speaker_heading: BRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Bitch, bitch, bitch!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Up yours.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I heard that.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Carrie finishes brushing her teeth. Secretively she gives
dialog: Brian the finger...
speaker_heading: BRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: ...heard that too.
text: Carrie glances at the bath water running in the tub. It's
text: rusty brown and disgusting. She pulls the plug on the bath
dialog: idea.
scene_heading: INT. EARLY AND ADELE'S MOTEL BATHROOM ROOM - SAME TIME
text: The tap is running at the sink as Early empties the stolen
text: purse. He adds the last few coins to a small pile of cash.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Can you believe thirty bucks for
dialog: this room... for what? A lumpy
dialog: mattress, that crummy TV and a
dialog: crapper.
speaker_heading: ADELE (O.S.)
dialog: Early, sing me a song.
text: Early continues to sift through all the items from the purse.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Which one.
scene_heading: INT. EARLY AND ADELE'S MOTEL ROOM
text: Adele starts to sing a song.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: Early start sing with her... As the song ends.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Hey can we go to that Chinese
dialog: restaurant when we get to Los Angeles?
dialog: You know, to see all them famous
dialog: footprints?
text: ON EARLY IN BATHROOM
text: Early reaches down into the bottom of the purse and pulls
text: out a pair of glistening stainless steel scissors.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Only if they let me put mine down
dialog: too.
text: He stares at the scissors curiously, then switches off the
dialog: bathroom light.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS
speaker_heading: BRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Look Carrie, we're gonna be stuck
dialog: with these people for a week...
text: Click, a light is turned on. Revealing...
scene_heading: INT. BRIAN AND CARRIE'S ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Brian has turned on the nightstand light. He and Carrie are
text: lying in bed.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...And all I'm saying is I think we
dialog: ought to try and get along with them.
dialog: That's all.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You try, I'm gonna pretend they're
dialog: with somebody else.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Carrie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I don't want to talk about it.
text: Brian turns the light off. From the blackness...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Pretty smooth how he stiffed us on
dialog: dinner?
text: Brian switches the light back on.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: He didn't stiff us. He paid for the
dialog: gas remember.
text: Silence... Brian reaches out for the light... when
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm telling you he's nearly broke
dialog: and we're going to end up paying for
dialog: those two.
text: Brian decides to leave the light on. He moves closer to
text: Carrie. He slides up against her backside. He reaches for
text: her under the sheets. Kisses her neck.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You finished?
text: Carrie pushes her body up against his in response.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...Um, maybe... maybe not.
text: Brian's mouth moves down along her back. He slips beneath
text: the sheets. From the expression on her face, she obviously
text: approves... Yet she can't resist slipping in another remark...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...Um... Funky fucking sock.
text: Carrie rolls over on her back. Brian moves on top of her.
text: Kisses her stomach.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...and what's with that hair? Is
dialog: that grease or motor oil or what?
text: Carrie reaches down and grabs two fists full of Brian's hair.
text: She pulls him to her. He slides up along her chest, kissing
text: her. Things heat up. She reaches out, grasps his arms. Pulls
text: him closer.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...you believe that tattoo? Looks
dialog: like he had another girls name there
dialog: and carved it out.
text: Brian bites at her neck. She stops talking. His sweating
text: shoulder presses against her face. She turns her head to
dialog: encourage him.
text: In the dresser mirror... she sees their shadowy reflections.
text: Their bodies atangle under the sheets.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...and that body odor.
text: Their reflection in the mirror intrigues her. Intoxicates
text: her. His aggression excites her. She pulls him into her. The
text: metal bedframe bangs against the motel wall repeatedly as
text: they make love.
text: Then slowly, the camera bisects the plaster and lumber divider
text: and emerges in the next room...
speaker_heading: TO FIND
text: Early leaning quietly against the same wall. Listening to
text: them. As he does, he uses the scissors to cut through the
text: crusty bandage on his finger. Then, across the room he notices
text: Adele in bed asleep... the scissors stop.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. EARLY'S MOTEL ROOM - MORNING
text: Early exits his motel room, opens a bottle of Lucky Lager
text: against a soda dispenser, and walks over to the motel diner.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL DINER
text: Early enters the diner drinking his morning beer. Adele is
text: not with him. He spots Brian and Carrie seated opposite one
text: another in one of the booths. He walks up to their table and
text: drops down uninvited on the seat next to Carrie.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Morning...
text: Early lifts his beer bottle in salute.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Bri'.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Where's Adele?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: She wasn't feeling so good.
text: The WAITRESS arrives with a menu, offers it to Early.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Breakfast?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (burps)
dialog: Nah... Don't eat breakfast. Never
dialog: have.
text: The Waitress notices Early's bottle of beer.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Ah sir... sir.
text: She gets Early's attention.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: We ah... don't have a liquor license
dialog: here. So I'm afraid...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well don't be, I got plenty more
dialog: where this one came from.
text: The Waitress gives him a curious look and walks away.
text: Just then, Brian look past Early... A surprised expression
text: crosses Brian's face. Early turns to see... Adele approaching
text: the table. Her hair has been crudely chopped to resemble
text: Carrie's. It looks like shit.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (at a loss for words)
dialog: You cut your hair.
text: Adele smiles, pleased with Carrie for noticing. She sits
text: down next to Brian.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early cut it.
dialog: (smiles at Early)
text: ...Once he gets an idea in his head
text: there's no holding him back.
text: Carrie looks to Brian curiously. Adele is distracted by a
text: small cactus on the window near the table.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Nice job Early.
text: Carrie notices Adele's 'new' (stolen) purse... We see the
text: wheels turning in Carrie's head. How? Where?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - LATER
text: Early walks toward the Lincoln. It is parked outside Brian
text: and Carrie's room. The front door is ajar, he pushes it open.
text: He sees Carrie's reflection in the bathroom mirror, she's in
text: her underwear, pulling on her jeans. Early watches her for a
text: moment. There's no mistaking what's on his mind... as his
text: eyes scan her body. Carrie pulls on her T-shirt, steps out
text: of the bathroom and sees Early just outside the door.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...Need a hand with those bags?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No, thanks, I can manage.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Carrie turns back to the dresser and gathers up the last few
text: things. She glances into the dresser mirror looking for
text: Early's reflection at the door, but he's gone. Relieved, she
text: turns the corner to grab her bags and finds Early standing
text: right there! Looking at her. He startles her.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I got 'em.
text: He picks up her bags and walks out of the room. Carrie watches
text: him, then she steps to the doorway.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: All set?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Take your time.
text: CARRIE LOOKS BACK TO EARLY
scene_heading: CARRIE'S POV - EXT. MOTEL
text: Early places the bags in the Lincoln's trunk. Adele sees
text: Early carrying Carrie's bag, Adele looks jealous.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL
text: In the foreground Carrie's door closes.
text: TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN/HIGHWAY - LATER
text: Lincoln passes through frame.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING LINCOLN - NOON
text: Brian at wheel, Carrie next to him loading her camera. Early
text: in the back seat, Adele next to him pulls out some make up
text: from her bag, we see the little cactus from the motel lobby.
text: She begins to put on some lipstick. Early reaches into the
text: frontseat and grabs the manuscript that sits between Brian
dialog: and Carrie.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (starts to read)
dialog: This the book your writing?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It's just a work in progress, kinda
dialog: rough.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: This guy killed a mess of people.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Henry Lucas.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Henry Lee Lucas. Well he was only
dialog: convicted of killing eleven but he
dialog: claimed to have killed over three
dialog: hundred.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Wonder what all them people done
dialog: made him so mad?
text: Brian looks to Early in his rear-view mirror.
dialog: BANG!!
text: The front tire blows... the car lurches. Brian reacts, pulling
text: the Lincoln to the side of the road in a dusty halt.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN/HIGHWAY - NOON
text: Brian and Early unload the trunk to get to the spare tire.
text: AT THE RIGHT FRONT TIRE
text: Brian struggles with the wheel and the jack.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Here Bri' let me do that.
text: Early takes over. He pulls off his shirt, jacks the car up
text: and begins replacing the wheel with ease.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: How did he get away with it for so
dialog: long anyhow?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: He almost always killed strangers.
dialog: Spent years moving on from one place
dialog: to another. That made it real hard
dialog: to track him down.
text: Carrie scans the landscape with her camera. She sees Adele
text: walking around a small roadside graveyard. She is reading
text: the epitaphs on the headstones. Carrie fires off a few shots.
text: Then she sees Early, she can't help but notice Early's lean
text: body. She zooms in on his muscles and prison tattoo. Click!!
text: Early completes the task. Together he and Brian begin putting
text: everything back in the trunk.
text: Suddenly, from behind, Adele jumps onto Early's back,
text: surprising him. He gives her a "horsey ride" around the
dialog: Lincoln.
speaker_heading: ON CARRIE
text: She notices Early's wallet on the ground.
scene_heading: ON EARLY AND ADELE
text: She's riding him, covering his eyes playfully.
speaker_heading: ON CARRIE
text: She picks up the wallet.
scene_heading: BENEATH THE LINCOLN
text: Early's feet galloping.
speaker_heading: ON CARRIE
text: She opens the wallet to find two one dollar bills inside.
scene_heading: WITH EARLY AND ADELE
text: As they come around the side of the car and to a stop in
text: front of Carrie. She holds up his wallet... watches his eyes.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You dropped this.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early Grayce if this ain't your lucky
dialog: day.
text: She hands the wallet back to him. Something between them
text: goes unspoken.
scene_heading: EXT. A GAS STATION - LATER THAT DAY
text: The Lincoln pulls in.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I guess it's your turn to pay Early.
text: Early nods and Brian looks over to Carrie, making sure she
text: heard. The four of them get out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: Early starts toward the gas station store. He checks his
text: wallet, two dollars left. Carrie and Adele lean against the
text: car. Carrie lights up a cigarette. She watches Early to see
text: what his next move will be. Brian removes the gas cap and
text: sticks the gas pump nozzle in. It pumps away.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE GAS METER
text: It starts turning over... $$$$$ Click... Click... Click...
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION
text: (crossing the tarmac)... with Early. His face expressionless.
dialog: His mind racing...
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: Brian walks around the Lincoln; checking the tires. Carrie
text: watches Early intently.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON EARLY
text: He walks toward the entrance.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Inside the store he sees a video surveillance camera. It
text: worries him. Distracts him momentarily.
text: Suddenly from behind him... o.s. A car horn HONKS LOUDLY!
text: Early turns to see a late model Mercedes behind him. He just
text: gazes at the driver. Aggravated, the driver leans on the
text: horn and motions Early out of his way. Early stares at the
text: man a moment longer, then steps to one side and lets the car
text: pull past him.
scene_heading: WIDE ON THE GAS STATION
text: A FAT MAN in his late thirties exits from behind the wheel
text: of the Mercedes. Early watches him as he takes a money clip
text: from his pocket and walks toward the entrance to the mini
dialog: market.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: The gas meter dial continues to go around. $$$$$ Click...
dialog: Click... Click...
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The girls leaning against the car. Adele watches Carrie take
text: a drag on her cigarette.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I used to smoke before I met Early.
dialog: But he broke me of that.
text: Her remark gets Carrie's attention.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Broke you?
speaker_heading: ON EARLY
text: He watches the Fat Man inside the office.
scene_heading: EARLY'S POV - EXT./INT. GAS STATION
text: The Fat Man pays THE ATTENDANT for gas and is handed the
text: restroom key.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: Brian walks to the front of the Lincoln. He passes Carrie
dialog: and Adele...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early don't think women should smoke
dialog: or curse or drink liquor.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: So you don't do any of those things.
text: Carrie takes a quick look to the mini-market. She's lost
text: sight of Early.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Better not, or Early'd whip me.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (back to Adele)
dialog: He whips you?
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BATHROOM
text: The Fat Man turns the key and enters the bathroom. The door
text: starts to swing shut behind him, but...
text: TWO FINGERS catch it before it does.
speaker_heading: ADELE (O.S.)
dialog: Only when I deserve it.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: Brian lifts the hood of the Lincoln... Reaches for the
text: radiator cap.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: The Fat Man is standing at the urinal. He has a ureterostomy
text: bag he's emptying, when...
text: Early's hand hits the blow dryer. A whirring sound fills the
text: room. The Fat Man turns his head. Early lunges at him from
text: behind, yanks his head back and rips a switchblade across
dialog: his throat!
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND - CU
text: A BLAST of steam from the radiator startles Brian!
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: The Fat Man clutches at his throat. Sees the blood on his
text: palms. He looks up in shock. Early pounds the man's head
text: into the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: Brian checking the oil, pulls out the dip stick.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE: CU
text: Black oil runs down the metal blade.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: The Fat Man falls to his knees against the urinal. His hand
text: grasping the lever. The urinal flushes. Water flows. The Fat
text: Man's blood mixes with it. The urinal overflows. The blood
text: tinged water spills onto the white tile floor. Early pries
text: the dead man's fist off the lever.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: Brian slams the Lincoln's hood shut.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Early struggles to turn the fat corpse over.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: Brian steps up to the gas nozzle and pulls it out of the
dialog: car.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Early reaches in the dead man's pocket and removes his money
dialog: clip.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: The gas meter stops turning.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Early calmly washes his hands in the beat up ceramic sink.
text: He pulls a comb from his pocket and combs his hair in the
dialog: mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMP ISLAND
text: Brian pulls a squeegee across the front windshield. Water
text: washes the dirt away.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - EXTREME CU
text: The bloody water spiralling down the drain hole.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION
text: Early exits the bathroom... and runs straight into Brian,
text: about to enter.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Hey Bri'... ah... You don't want to
dialog: go in there. It's a real mess, if
dialog: you know what I mean.
text: Brian glances at the bathroom door. Down below, a thin stream
text: of the Fat Man's blood begins to trickle out from under the
text: door... just barely touching the toe of Brian's shoe.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: That bad?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...Then some.
text: Early puts his arm around Brian and turns him back toward
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: AT THE CAR
text: Adele takes a photo of them, approaching. The attendant steps
dialog: up to Carrie.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (to Carrie)
dialog: Comes to twenty eight dollars.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Talk to him.
text: Carrie points to Early. As Brian and Early approach the car,
text: Early pulls out the money clip.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Call it an even thirty.
text: Early peels off thirty bucks from the money clip. He sees
text: Carrie watching him, Early smiles.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I'll drive Bri'.
text: Hearing that, Carrie climbs into the back seat. Adele climbs
text: over the backrest into the frontseat.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Adele, get in the back.
text: She climbs again into the backseat.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN CRUISING
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN DRIVING DOWN THE ROAD - DAYTIME
text: Early is driving. Brian riding shotgun, is making some notes
text: in his manuscript. Adele is teaching a reluctant Carrie to
text: play a card game called "SNAP."
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: ...Hey you're good. Thought you said
dialog: you never played before?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I haven't... I'm a fast learner.
scene_heading: ON EARLY AND BRIAN
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...They never caught that Black Dolya
dialog: Killer, huh?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Dahlia, no.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Now why is that?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Some people think it's because he
dialog: never killed again. He just
dialog: disappeared back into society.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You don't sound too convinced 'bout
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I always thought it was the work of
dialog: a serial killer. Anyone who took
dialog: that much time and care bisecting
dialog: another human being must have been
dialog: enjoying it and would have done it
dialog: again. And again. Until someone
dialog: stopped him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: That your... "theory", ain't that
dialog: what they call it?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You wanna hear mine?
text: Carrie listens in as she continues to play cards with Adele.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Ain't you goin' to record it?
text: Brian picks up his tape recorder.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (into tape)
dialog: Early Grayce, June twenty third.
text: Brian hands Early the hand held tape recorder.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (into tape)
dialog: Well I'll just bet he's still alive.
dialog: Old, livin' in some trailer park or
dialog: somethin' somewhere, but still alive.
dialog: Thinkin' every night 'bout what he
dialog: done. Goin' over and over it in his
dialog: mind. How smart he was for getting
text: away with it.
text: Carrie is chilled by the intensity of Early's remark. She
text: watches him out of the corner of her eye. SMACK! Adele's
text: hand hits the pile of cards and she wins the game. Startled,
text: Carrie turns back to Adele.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (to Carrie)
dialog: You lose!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (to Early)
dialog: I suppose anything's possible.
text: Brian puts one leg across the other and goes back to his
dialog: notes.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE: CLOSE UP BRIAN'S SHOE
text: Revealing... the blood encrusted toe of his shoe.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE: CU ON EARLY
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You ever play any pool Bri'?
speaker_heading: EARLY'S POV
text: Up ahead a HONKY TONK BAR with a large sign "POOL TABLES,
scene_heading: BOWLING &amp; MUSIC"
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD
text: The Lincoln passes by the LARGE SIGN.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: I can hold my own...
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - DUSK
text: A high angle looks down on the modest cluster of rooms below.
text: The motel sign pulses erratically in foreground. Moths flicker
dialog: about the light.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: The Lincoln is parked in front of Brian and Carrie's room.
text: The horn honks. Early is behind the wheel, engine running.
text: Brian steps out of the motel room.
speaker_heading: CARRIE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey Minnesota Fats!
text: Carrie appears at the door holding her camera.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Don't forget your key.
text: She hands Brian the key.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Why'd I open my big mouth?
text: Brian takes the key and walks to the car.
text: Carrie sees Adele standing outside her door. Brian enters
dialog: the Lincoln.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (to Adele)
dialog: Why didn't you go with them?
text: The Lincoln pulls away.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I told you how Early feels 'bout a
dialog: woman drinking.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: How'd you meet Early?
text: Carrie swings the camera around to Adele, and snaps off a
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I was hitchhiking' one day and he
dialog: picked me up. At first I wasn't gonna
dialog: get in on account of his car was in
dialog: such sorry shape. I said, "I ain't
dialog: never seen a white man drivin' a car
dialog: like this."
text: Carrie snaps another shot of Adele. Every once in a while
text: Adele feels like she should be "posing" for the shots that
text: Carrie's taking of her. So, occasionally, as she carries on
text: her conversation with Carrie, she does.
scene_heading: CARRIE'S POV THRU CAMERA
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (continues)
dialog: An' he said right back, "You shouldn't
dialog: judge by appearances little lady...
dialog: this vehicle might just be a flying
text: saucer disguised as a car, for all
dialog: you know."
scene_heading: CARRIE'S POV THRU CAMERA - AS SHE ZOOMS IN TIGHTER ON ADELE
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Well, I got in and we got to talkin',
dialog: and the next thing I know, I'd moved
dialog: in with him in this old trailer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey! Wouldn't it be something if we
dialog: all ended up sharing a house together
dialog: in California?
speaker_heading: ON CARRIE
text: She lowers the camera from her eye and studies Adele.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You know I can fix that haircut for
dialog: you, if you want?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You can?
scene_heading: EXT. BOWLING ALLEY BAR - NIGHT
text: A nondescript "joint" on the outskirts of town. American
text: cars. American pickup trucks parked outside. The Lincoln
text: pulls into foreground and parks. Early gets out of the Lincoln
text: and looks around.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I wonder if there's any "doors" out
dialog: here?
text: Brian exits the Lincoln and looks at Early questioning.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You know... "openings" to other
dialog: dimensions.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I read there are a lot of them out
dialog: West, mostly in the desert. They say
dialog: if you know what you're doing, you
dialog: can travel anywhere in the Universe
dialog: in a matter of seconds. Wouldn't
dialog: that come in handy?
text: Brian looks at him blankly. He can't think of a thing to say
text: in response. Early walks toward the entrance of the bar.
text: Brian joins him.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: By the way, I'm not much of a pool
dialog: player.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Shit, it ain't hard to play pool. I
dialog: can teach you everything ya need ta
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Hell yeah! I'll even spot ya a few
dialog: points first game.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Wait a minute. You're gonna hustle
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Nah... how much money have you got?
text: They both laugh and enter the bar.
scene_heading: CARRIE'S MOTEL ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Adele is sitting in a chair in front of the dresser mirror
text: drinking a beer. Carrie is cutting her hair. In the mirror
text: Adele watches Carrie for a moment. She notices the cigarette
text: dangling from her lips.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: How do you get your cigarette to
dialog: stay there like that.
text: Carrie looks in the mirror.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm cool.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Could I try that?
text: Carrie takes out a fresh cigarette and hands it to Adele.
text: Together they stare into the mirror with their dangling
text: cigarettes. Adele drops her cigarette, as she reaches down
text: for it she notices Carrie's portfolio.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's a portfolio of my work.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Your pictures. Can I see 'em?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Sure.
text: Adele grabs the black leather binder and sets it in her lap.
text: Carrie continues to cut Adele's hair. Adele opens the binder
text: and takes a look at the first erotic image and slaps the
text: cover back down. She's embarrassed.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Jesus!
text: Carrie watches her in amusement. After a moment, Adele
text: reconsiders, and opens the book. She gazes at the shocking
dialog: photograph.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You took this picture?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Took 'em all.
text: Carrie resumes cutting Adele's hair. Adele thumbs through
text: several photographs.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: That's me.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: No it is not!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Hold still.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Sorry. Boy I'll tell ya, if Early
dialog: found a picture of me like that I'd
dialog: be black and blue for a week.
text: Adele notices Carrie's scowl in the dresser mirror. Carrie
dialog: stops cutting.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (suddenly serious)
dialog: You shouldn't let him do that to
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Adele... are you serious?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: You think Early's bad to me, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Carrie starts cutting Adele's hair again.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Well... You're wrong. I ain't saying
dialog: Early ain't never hit me... but he
dialog: never hurt me.
text: When Carrie doesn't respond, Adele grabs Carrie's scissor
text: hand and stops her from continuing. Carrie looks at Adele's
text: reflection in the dresser mirror.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (continues)
dialog: ...When I was fourteen years old
dialog: three boys raped me in the back of a
dialog: truck, and beat me so bad I was in
dialog: bed for almost four months...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...I feel safe with Early, most the
dialog: time he treats me pretty good. And I
dialog: know he wouldn't let nothin' like
dialog: that ever happen to me again...
text: Carrie is speechless, Adele looks in the mirror at her new
dialog: haircut.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Hey, that ain't so bad now.
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY BAR
text: The patrons are young men and women. Eighteen to thirty. The
text: River's Edge kids today. Leather. Ludes and Beer. Wasted.
dialog: Rowdy.
text: We follow one of the waitresses through the bar... As she
text: passes by a pool table one of the players, A LARGE YOUNG
text: CRACKER, makes a grab at her...
scene_heading: LARGE YOUNG CRACKER
dialog: When you gonna give me so o' that!
text: She spins safely out of his reach.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Maybe when you grow up a little sonny.
text: Some guys, close enough to hear her over the noise, laugh at
text: her put down. She moves on until she reaches...
text: Brian standing near a small high table. Early's not with
text: him. She sets four beers down on the table. Brian tries to
text: talk to her over the music. He leans in close. His mouth to
text: her ear.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: These aren't Lucky Lager, I ordered
dialog: Lucky Lager.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Sorry honey, 'ain't nothin Lucky
dialog: around here.
text: The waitress laughs. Brian smiles and glances around the
text: room. He notices the Large Young Cracker staring at him.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM
text: Early steps out of the bathroom and makes his way back to
dialog: Brian.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON BRIAN
text: He watches the waitress disappear into the crowd, then turns
dialog: to find the Large Young Cracker in his face!
speaker_heading: YOUNG CRACKER
dialog: What did you say to her city boy!
text: The Young Cracker is obviously very drunk.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Nothing, I jus...
speaker_heading: YOUNG CRACKER
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: What's a jism gargling cum drunk
dialog: fairy like you looking at a pretty
dialog: girl like that for anyway?
text: The Young Cracker doesn't notice Early return from the
text: bathroom. He moves in next to Brian. Early is relaxed and
text: nonchalant as he looks over the Young Cracker. He leans closer
dialog: to Brian.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (matter of factly)
dialog: You'd better hit him first Bri',
dialog: 'cos it's comin'.
text: With his eyes on Brian, Early grabs a beer. Brian is scared,
text: and confused, with one ear and one eye on the Young Cracker,
dialog: the other on Early.
speaker_heading: YOUNG CRACKER
dialog: This yur' boyfriend?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (dumbfounded)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Hit him.
text: Early looks at the beer.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Bri' this shit ain't Lucky Lager!
text: Early takes a swig off the beer, grimaces and sprays it out.
text: It hits the Young Cracker. The Cracker looks down at his
text: shirt in shock. Early is oblivious.
speaker_heading: YOUNG CRACKER
dialog: (to Early)
dialog: Hey Asshole!
text: Brian is frozen, confused, doesn't know who to address. Early
text: continues to ignore the Young Cracker.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: They don't stock it here Early.
speaker_heading: YOUNG CRACKER
dialog: (to Early, furious)
dialog: Why you fuckin'...
text: The Young Cracker moves to hit Early. Early swiftly smashes
text: his beer bottle into the oncoming face. The Young Cracker
text: doubles over clutching his face in agony. Early kicks him in
text: the face, sending the Young Cracker to the ground. Early
text: finishes him off with several more kicks from his heavy work
dialog: boots.
text: Two large tough guys approach Early and Brian. Brian's heart
text: racing, Early cool as a cucumber. Instead of taking on Early,
text: they stop, reach down and drag the unconscious man away. The
text: waitress returns to their table.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Sorry about that, he's always causing
dialog: trouble.
text: She sets down two beers and two shots, doubles.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: These are on the house.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. CARRIE AND BRIAN'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Carrie and Adele split the last bottle of beer between them.
text: They are sitting on the floor and Adele has Carrie's foot in
text: her lap. She's painting Carrie's toenails bright red. Neither
text: of them is feeling any pain.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: My momma's a beautician. Guess that's
dialog: where I get it from. She wouldn't
dialog: hear of my moving in with Early...
dialog: on account of his just getting out
dialog: of jail and all. Ain't seen her in
dialog: nearly a year now. I wish she'd call
dialog: me, just once.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: What's Early been in jail for?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Carryin' a gun.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...Anything else?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: An' resistin' arrest... At least
dialog: that's what the Police said.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Jeez... Adele!
text: Adele realizes she has said too much, looks at her watch.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I'd better be goin'. It's late.
text: Adele hastily weaves her way out the door.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Great.
text: Carrie stares down at her feet. Red toenails. Cottonballs
text: between the toes.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOWLING ALLEY BAR
text: Early and Brian exit the bar. They make their way to the
dialog: Lincoln. On the way...
speaker_heading: EARLY
text: Got to see a man about a mule.
text: Brian looks at Early, doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Gotta take a piss.
text: Early branches off behind the car.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Any reebs left in the back seat?
text: Early starts to take a leak.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Aaahhhhh...
dialog: (relief)
dialog: That's what we used to call a beer
dialog: when we was kids... Beer spelled
dialog: backwards.
text: Brian reaches in the back seat and grabs the last Lucky Lager.
text: He crosses to the other side of the car and hands Early the
dialog: beer.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Last one.
text: Early stares at the last of the Lucky Lagers.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...Well I probably drunk more than
dialog: my share, anyway... you go on an'
dialog: have it.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: No, it's all yours. It's on me...
dialog: for saving my ass back there.
text: Early takes the beer.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Hey, that's what buddies are for,
dialog: right...?
text: Early polishes off the rest of the bottle and heaves it into
dialog: the woods.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (voice drops almost
dialog: to a whisper)
dialog: You know those doors I was talking
dialog: about? Found two of them back in
dialog: Kentucky. Shit, I wasn't even looking
dialog: for one the first time. Me and the
dialog: boys are just swingin' our sickles
text: by the side of the road, and I turned
dialog: around and there it was... this door
dialog: with this bright blinding white light
dialog: all around it... course I'm thinkin'
dialog: I must be sunstroked or somethin'...
dialog: so I close my eyes figurin' I'll
dialog: count ten and it'll be gone right...
dialog: so I'm countin'...
dialog: (he closes his eyes)
dialog: ...1-2-3-4-5... an' I'm 'bout ta
dialog: piss myself right... -6-7-8-9... 10.
dialog: An' I open my eyes slow, spectin' it
dialog: won't be there right...
text: When Early opens his eyes, he sees a concerned look on Brian's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (unconvincingly)
dialog: ...and it wasn't.
text: An awkward silence.
text: Then Early starts laughing. Brian follows suit. They both
text: climb back in the car. Their forced laughter trails off.
text: Brian shifts the Lincoln back into gear and segues
dialog: awkwardly...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What were you "swinging a sickle"
dialog: for?
text: Early stares at Brian. For a moment Brian is unsure what
text: Early will say, or do? Then Early grins...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: For... 'bout three years.
text: Brian brakes their eye contact, looks back out onto the
text: highway and just drives off.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. BRIAN AND CARRIE'S MOTEL ROOM - LATER
text: The door opens revealing Brian silhouetted in the doorway.
text: Under the influence of Lucky Lager, he fumbles with the key...
text: gets inside and noisily shuts the door behind him. Carrie
text: remains stonily silent, in the dark.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Gotta see a man about a mule... What's
dialog: wrong?
text: A few seconds pass.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: The same thing that's been "wrong"
dialog: the whole trip. Your good buddy Early.
text: Carrie, in bed, switches on the side table light. Reveals
text: Brian leaning on the wall trying to get his shoes off without
text: falling over.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Who said he's my good buddy?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You sure been acting like you were...
dialog: (redneck accent)
dialog: ...Out whoopin' it up, a drankin'
dialog: and ever' thang.
text: Brian points to the empty beer bottles on the table.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Hey come on, you two were drinking
dialog: too... so what's the big deal.
text: Brian throws his shoes somewhere and heads toward the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Yeah, and you should've seen how
dialog: terrified she was that he'd find
text: out. He beats her.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: She told me...
dialog: (adding)
dialog: ...but only when she "deserves" it.
dialog: Did you know he was in jail?
speaker_heading: BATHROOM
text: Brian turns on the light. Takes a piss. A long one.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Yeah, for stealing a car. Aaahhhh.
text: Suddenly, from right behind him:
speaker_heading: CARRIE (O.S.)
dialog: Bullshit!
text: Startled, Brian turns to see Carrie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...He told her it was for carrying a
dialog: gun, but the truth could be murder
dialog: for all we know.
text: No response from Brian. Carrie walks away.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Carrie steps over to the bed, pulls the sheets back. Brian
text: leans out the bathroom door:
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Stop being so fucking melodramatic!
dialog: If it was murder he'd still be locked
dialog: up or on parole, in which case he
dialog: wouldn't be allowed to leave the
dialog: state.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Maybe he wasn't allowed to leave!
dialog: Geezus Brian!
text: Brian smacks himself on the forehead (a sarcastic "how stupid
text: of me!") He pulls his shirt off over his head, and admits...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Of course! The accent, the clothes,
dialog: and those table manners!... He's got
dialog: to be a mass murderer!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What else could he be?
text: He switches off the bathroom light, steps out of the doorway,
text: and begins to pull his jeans off. Carrie climbs into bed.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You know, it wouldn't even surprise
dialog: me if he turned out to be... a
dialog: Republican!
text: Brian tosses his jeans and moves toward the bed. Carrie
text: switches off the the only light in the room. In the dark, we
text: hear a thud as Brian trips over a chair.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Goddamnit!... my fucking toe!
scene_heading: EXT. BRIAN AND CARRIE'S MOTEL ROOM - A MOMENT LATER
text: Carrie leaves the motel room, ice bucket in hand.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (to Brian inside room)
dialog: Try not to lose consciousness 'til I
dialog: get back.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL CORRIDOR
text: At the far end of a narrow hallway, Carrie finds an ice
text: machine rumbling away noisily. The only illumination, a single
text: fluorescent light bulb, hangs suspended above it.
scene_heading: AT THE ICE MACHINE
text: With her arm buried inside the ice machine, Carrie scavenges
dialog: for what little ice there is... when, out of the corner of
text: her eye, she notices...
text: SOMEONE standing at the other end of the corridor. The
text: silhouette of a man.
text: Carrie stops. Her eyes scan the claustrophobic hallway for
text: another way out. There is none.
text: She tries to ignore the situation. Grabs another handful of
text: ice cubes. The man approaches. Carrie stops again. Her mind
text: races. The man's face slowly becomes visible as he nears the
text: fluorescent light. It's Early.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Ain't you done enough drinking for
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...Brian hurt his foot.
text: Early reaches past her into the ice machine and grabs a
text: solitary cube. He puts it in his mouth, sucks on it. His
text: torso is drenched in sweat. He catches Carrie staring at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Sometimes... Don't know why it is...
dialog: I get so hot I can't stand it. I
dialog: just start sweating like a dog. You
dialog: ever get like that?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (tenuous)
dialog: No.
text: Early spits the ice cube back into his hand. He presses it
text: against the back of his neck.
speaker_heading: EARLY
text: I can feel it start to run down my
dialog: neck...
text: (he turns his back to
dialog: show her)
dialog: ...and down my back... right into my
dialog: pants.
text: Carrie follows a bead of ice water as it slides down between
text: his shoulder blades and along his back.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...and everything starts stickin'
text: together... keeps running down the
dialog: back of my legs like two rivers racin'
dialog: for my boots, see who gets there
dialog: first.
text: He snaps a look back to Carrie and finds her looking at his
text: ass. She diverts her glance.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You never get that hot, huh?
text: Carrie shakes her head no. Early looks in his hand to see
text: that his ice cube has melted.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I gotta get back before this ice
text: melts.
text: Carrie tries to slip past him. He reaches back into the
text: machine, momentarily blocking her exit. He grabs another ice
text: cube. His face only inches from hers.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...never?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No, never. Excuse me.
text: He pops the ice cube in his mouth and lets her pass.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You like Skynard?
text: No response, Early chews up the ice cube.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN LEAVING THE MOTEL - NEXT MORNING
text: The car crawls out of the parking lot.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Carrie is driving. Brian is contending with a major hangover.
text: There is still a silent tension between Brian and Carrie
text: from the argument the night before. Early is in the back
text: with Adele. Brian moves his head and moans.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: My daddy always took sauerkraut juice
dialog: and tobasco sauce for a hangover,
dialog: mixed in one egg not two, and some
dialog: tomato juice...
text: From the front seat, Brian's hand springs up in a desperate
text: plea for an end to Adele's colorful description.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'm okay, thanks.
text: Brian rolls down his window for some fresh air, as the car
text: pulls away.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN ON HIGHWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: THE CAR IS HEADING DOWN A COUNTRY ROAD.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Carrie glances over at Brian, who is now asleep next to her.
text: She looks up into her rear-view mirror...
scene_heading: CARRIE'S POV: IN THE MIRROR
text: Early is asleep, leaning against the door. Adele is rummaging
text: through a large canvas bag on the seat next to her.
text: Suddenly... The wail of an approaching ambulance gets Carrie's
text: attention. It roars by. Carrie glances in the mirror again.
text: The next instant, unexpectedly...
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN
text: She furiously pulls the car off the road to an abrupt halt.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Brian's heads bangs against the side window.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What! What!
text: Carrie nods toward the back seat. Brian turns and sees Adele
text: looking back at them questioningly. Beside her, Early rustles.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Look again!
text: Brian notices that Adele's rummaging has revealed an automatic
text: pistol in the open canvas bag. Brian stares at it. Early's
text: eyes open.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKED LINCOLN - LATER
text: A deserted plain. It's very quiet here. Until the silence is
text: broken by the sound of gunshots. Reveal Early teaching Brian
text: how to shoot. A row of tin cans are set up on a rusty old
text: car. It's obvious that Brian's enthralled with the idea of
text: shooting the gun. Even if he isn't hitting anything.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Only thing my old man ever gave me
dialog: is that goddamn .45.
text: Brian fires off another shot, misses again.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Bri', you're jerkin' it when you
dialog: pull the trigger, hold it real steady.
text: Nearby stands an unhappy Carrie. Adele pulls her yoyo out of
text: her pocket.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Boys'll be boys.
text: Carrie doesn't respond. Adele offers the yoyo to Carrie.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You know any tricks?
text: Carrie shakes her head no. Adele withdraws her offer.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You wanna learn some?
text: Again Carrie declines. Her steely gaze returns to Brian.
scene_heading: ON EARLY AND BRIAN
text: Early helps Brian to hold the gun.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Steady... Breath in... now let half
dialog: of it out, and... fire.
text: BANG!! The can flies off the tree stump. Brian turns to Carrie
text: to see her reaction... but she's already on her way back to
text: the car, and she's furious. Concerned, Brian starts to follow
text: after her... But Early grabs his attention.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Bri, I want you to keep this gun...
dialog: consider it a present. Never know,
dialog: California could turn out to be a
dialog: dangerous place.
text: Brian gazes at the gun resting in the palm of his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. AN EMPTY HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The Lincoln rolling along.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Brian is driving. Carrie keeps to herself. In her side mirror
text: she catches a glimpse of Early curled up in Adele's lap. She
text: watches a moment longer... and realizes that they are making
text: out. Beginning to kiss and touch one another.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY NEAR ABATTOIR - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The Lincoln turns off the main highway onto a dirt road. In
text: the distance, we see a large rundown building.
scene_heading: INT. AN OLD DESERTED ABATTOIR - AFTERNOON
text: The Lincoln pulls up to the ramshackle structure. Brian
text: glances to the back seat to make a remark to Early and Adele
text: and sees that they are amorously engaged.
text: Brian and Carrie start to gather their stuff. Carrie opens
text: the glove compartment, inside are boxes of film... and the
text: .45 automatic. She takes a few packs of film, and closes the
text: glove compartment.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Tell ya Bri., I'm still a little
dialog: sleepy,... think Adele and me are
dialog: gonna take us a fiesta.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (pissed off)
dialog: Siesta.
text: Carrie reaches over and takes the keys from the ignition,
text: locks the glove compartment and pockets the key. Both she
text: and Brian exit the car. As they start to walk toward the
text: structure Brian hears a sound, he turns back to see. Adele
text: leaning forward into the frontseat as the lincoln's big white
text: top starts to come up.
scene_heading: INT. ABATTOIR
text: Even in daylight, the interior of the dilapidated old building
text: is equal parts unnerving, austere, and menacing. The last
text: rays of sunlight stream through what remains of the windows.
text: The light falls on a long ominous row of wicked looking meat-
text: hooks hanging from the ceiling.
text: Carrie is getting her camera equipment ready. She's quiet
text: and uncommunicative.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: CLOSE, on a small audio cassette player as it comes to rest
text: on a giant butcher block table in the center of the room.
text: Brian pops a cassette in the player.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: A copy of a tape they found. He
dialog: recorded everything.
text: Camera in hand, Carrie begins to move about, despite the
dialog: fact that this place repels her.
text: Brian presses a button on the audio cassette player. The
text: small tinny speaker plays a bad recording of something we
text: slowly come to realize is the unmistakable sounds of a woman
text: being tortured and pleading for her life.
dialog: FLASH!! FLASH!!
text: Carrie fires off a series of shots from different angles.
text: Brian scans the place trying to imagine what happened. Screams
text: from the audio tape bounce off the walls.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: (speaks into his small
text: hand held tape
dialog: recorder)
dialog: His mother had him working in here
dialog: before he was eight years old...
text: killing animals with a sledgehammer
dialog: that was bigger than he was.
text: Brian and Carrie walk through the remains of a doorway into
dialog: another room.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: When she was pissed at him, she'd
dialog: beat the shit out of him and lock
dialog: him in here overnight...
text: The pleas for help and screams on the tape subside to a steady
text: whimpering.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (continuing)
text: ...Eventually the boy wakes up one
text: morning, picks up that sledgehammer
text: and starts hurting back.
dialog: FLASH!! FLASH!!
text: Carrie takes a few more shots of the ominous interior. Then
text: she stops, turns and walks out of the room. She's had enough.
text: Brian follows after her.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: There's more...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm finished.
text: Carrie stops to pick up the rest of her gear.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Look... I know you're pissed off
dialog: about the gun, and I don't blame
dialog: you...
text: Carrie wheels around to face him.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Brian, I'm not pissed off. God damm
dialog: it, turn that thing off.
text: She switches off the cassette player.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm scared. A week ago you would
dialog: never have even thought to pick up
dialog: that gun. This afternoon you're out
text: there wielding it around like Clyde
dialog: fucking Barrow, for Christ's sake!
dialog: What's with you?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Okay, it was a cheap thrill, it was
dialog: stupid, I admit it, alright?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But let's not blow this. Not now...
dialog: Let's just get the photos.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I can't believe I agreed to do this.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Oh come on, don't give me that shit...
dialog: you wanted to take these photos as
dialog: much as I wanted you too.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Wrong! I was willing to do whatever
dialog: it took to get you up off your ass
dialog: and on the way to California...
dialog: There's a big difference.
text: Carrie storms out of the place. She exits the tunnel, and
text: makes her way toward...
speaker_heading: THE LINCOLN
text: As she approaches it, through the rear windshield she sees...
dialog: Early and Adele fucking wildly!
text: Carrie wants to turn away, but she can't stop watching them.
text: Fascinated, she raises the camera to her eye and zooms in on
dialog: them.
scene_heading: THROUGH CARRIE'S CAMERA LENS: ON EARLY AND ADELE
text: Early is sitting against the back seat. Adele is straddling
text: him. Carrie's finger finds the shutter button.
text: Early's arms move up under Adele's dress... Her hands press
text: up against the roof. She's trembling... Wavering... Carrie's
text: finger presses down on the button, CLICK!!
text: Then in one swift movement Early sweeps Adele onto the back
text: seat. Close on Early's face. He's sweating... Lips moving...
text: Talking dirty to Adele.
text: Keeping her finger on the button, Carrie rapid fires through
text: a whole roll of film. She's oblivious to the whine of the
text: motor drive once all the film is shot out.
text: Then unexpectedly!! Early looks directly into the camera, at
text: Carrie. And smiles... And continues to fuck Adele.
text: A chill rushes through Carrie, she almost drops the camera.
text: She runs back toward the tunnel... and right into Brian's
text: arms. He startles her. She pulls away from him.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Brian I want him out of our car!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Why, what did he do?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: Brian get him out of the car. Next
dialog: gas station either he leaves or I
dialog: do!
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DUSK
text: The Lincoln passes through frame. In the background, the
text: surreal image of an industrial complex bathed in an eerie
text: artificial light.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN PULLS INTO A GAS STATION - TWILIGHT
text: An electrical storm is in full swing.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION
text: The Lincoln barely comes to a stop at the pumps before Carrie
text: storms out of the car and heads toward the gas station
text: interior. She leaves Brian to break the news to Adele and
dialog: Early.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION
text: The only person inside is a YOUNG MALE ATTENDANT. He's
text: watching TV behind the counter as Carrie enters. On the TV
text: we see a NEWSMAN. We only catch fragments of what he is saying
text: because the storm outside is affecting the TV reception.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: Twenty dollars in the tank and a
text: carton of cigarettes.
text: In fact, each time the lightning flashes occur all of the
text: electrical power at the station is affected. The fluorescent
text: lights outside and inside begin to flicker and falter
text: sporadically.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN
dialog: ...the ex-mental patient with a
dialog: history of arrests is still at
dialog: large...
dialog: Static.
text: Carrie looks at the TV, watches for a moment. It doesn't
text: hold her attention. She looks away and notices Adele leaving
text: the car. Adele walks toward a Coke machine at the other end
dialog: of the gas station.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Here's your cigarettes...
text: Carrie turns back toward him.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: ...And change. Better be careful,
text: looks like a bad one coming. Where
dialog: you headin'?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: California.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Hear it never rains there. Must be
dialog: nice.
text: He buttons up his rain coat and goes out into the night to
text: gas up the Lincoln. Carrie pulls a pack of cigarettes from
text: the carton, nervously lights one up. She looks out the window
text: toward the Lincoln.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMPS
text: Through flashes of lightning and thunder she sees Brian in
text: the car talking to Early. Early listening quietly. Brian
text: looking adamant yet apologetic. The attendant fills the
text: Lincoln's tank.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION
text: Simultaneously, as Carrie watches this... Behind her on the
text: TV screen... A wave of interference scrambles the picture.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ...we would like to repeat...
dialog: Static.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ...there is a nationwide manhunt
dialog: for...
dialog: Static.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - ON THE TV
text: The static clears and the Newscaster appears.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (O.S.)
dialog: ...is believed responsible for the
dialog: murders of his landlord John
dialog: Diebold...
dialog: Static.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS PUMPS - TIGHTER ON LINCOLN
text: Brian's still talking -- using his hands to explain. Early
text: is watching him with a resigned expression.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - ON THE TV
text: A video tape image of a familiar gas station recorded by a
text: surveillance camera.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: ...of the fatal stabbing and robbery
dialog: of Mr. Joseph Davies Robbins...
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON CARRIE
text: She stares at the TV with growing horror as she notices a
text: familiar black Lincoln in the background. In mid-ground, a
text: male figure approaches the video camera unknowingly. Slowly,
text: Early's image becomes visible.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: If you see this man...
text: Carrie panics, turns toward the door and runs smack into the
text: arms of a dripping wet Early Grayce! Early stares at her and
text: drops his bag to the ground.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I ain't ridin' in no bus... bitch.
text: Then... Early notices himself on the TV.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (O.S.)
dialog: ...call your local police or FBI...
dialog: Static.
text: Early grabs Carrie around the neck and yanks her into the
text: back office. He pushes her down onto a chair.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You just sit there and keep your
text: mouth shut.
text: He searches behind the cash register and finds a sawed-off
text: shotgun. He shuts the TV off.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I knew that boy'd have a hogleg here
dialog: somewhere.
text: The Attendant rushes back in from the pouring rain. Early
text: points the sawed-off shotgun at him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Get over here.
text: Early forces him into the office.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Sit your ass down in that corner.
text: Adele enters the adjacent room. She checks out the various
text: vending machines in search of candy. Early taps on the window
text: and motions her into the office. She sees Carrie in the chair,
text: scared to death, and Early aiming the gun at the Attendant.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early, what're you doin'?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Go back to the car and keep Brian
dialog: there. I don't want him in here...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do it Adele... Now!
text: Adele looks back at Carrie, then hurries out. Early empties
text: the cash register.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What's your name, boy?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (very scared)
dialog: Walter Livesy.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Think. I might just have to kill you
dialog: Walter. How do you feel about that?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Not so good. You sure you have to?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I don't know. Wish I did.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Early, just think...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Shut your mouth.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Adele opens the door on the driver's side looking scared.
text: Brian is in the passenger seat. He's looking in the glove
text: compartment for a map. The .45 automatic Early gave Brian is
text: clearly visible. Adele stares at it.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Adele, what are you doing back here?
text: Adele gets in and starts looking under the seats.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: ...Lost my purse... Could you help
dialog: me look for it? It's probably under
dialog: the seat.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION
text: The Attendant is reaching up, handing Early the money from
text: his pockets. Carrie is seated in front of him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Where you from Walter?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (nervous shake)
dialog: Vernon, Florida.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Never heard of it, any huntin'?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Turkey mostly.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Turkey's are real smart. Smarter
dialog: than most people think...
text: Early rips the phone out of the wall.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Tell you what Walter, you lie down
dialog: there now... You make sure you stay
dialog: put for a while after we leave...
dialog: Okay?
text: The attendant nods yes.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: ...Mind if I hold that Bible?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What do you need a Bible for?
text: The attendant has no response.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You think I'm goin' to kill you.
dialog: Well that'd make me a liar then
dialog: wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: No sir.
text: Early takes the Bible off the desk and hands it down to the
dialog: Attendant.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Here you go.
text: The frightened young man lies face down on his stomach
text: clutching the Bible and starts to pray.
text: On the counter next to him Early notices a large stuffed
dialog: "happy face" display. "Free with every 20 gallon purchase."
text: He grabs one, stares at its face curiously.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (mumbles to himself)
dialog: I wonder if Adele would like one of
dialog: these?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nah...
text: Suddenly... He puts the barrel of the gun between the "happy
text: face" eyes... Points it at the back of the attendant's head.
text: Carrie begins to scream. Early pulls the trigger.
text: The blast explodes the "happy face" and rips into the back
text: of the Attendant's head, killing him.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: A thunderous crackle of lightning all but masks the gunshot.
text: The rain starts pouring down.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What was that?
text: Adele stares blankly back.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION
text: The room fills with billowing down stuffing. As the stuffing
text: floats to the floor it sticks to their hair, skin and
dialog: clothes...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (surprised at the
dialog: feathers)
dialog: What the fuck!
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Brian opens the door to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION
text: Early drags Carrie out of the office toward the car. Brian
text: sees them running toward the car. They spill into the back
text: seat. Brian sees Carrie is upset.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Carrie, what's wrong?
dialog: (to Early)
dialog: Early, we went through this already,
dialog: you have to leave.
text: From the back seat Early wipes some more feathers from his
text: face, then points the Attendant's gun at Brian's head.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (spits out a feather)
dialog: 'Fraid not Bri'... Drive Adele.
text: Adele starts the car. She pulls out of the station and into
text: the rainstorm.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION
text: The last of the feathers fall like snow. The whole room is
text: now white except for a red stain around the head of the dead
dialog: Attendant.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - A MOMENT LATER
text: The car moves down the highway. Early in the back seat is
text: still trying to brush away feathers.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Hate to be an Indian-giver but I'm
dialog: gonna have to ask for my gun back.
text: Brian reaches in the glove compartment. He removes the gun
text: and hands it to Early.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (to Early)
dialog: What happened back there?
text: Carrie sits in the corner of the back seat, covered in
text: feathers but not even noticing them.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: He shot him in the head... oh God!
text: Adele turns to the back of the car to face Carrie.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (raising her voice)
dialog: He did not, you liar. Take that back.
text: The Lincoln swerves off onto the side of the road. Adele
text: looks to the front again and steers it back onto the highway.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: He's a killer, Brian... He's fucking
dialog: insane.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Everybody just shut up!
text: Early picks some more feathers off himself.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You two just cooperate and do what I
dialog: say, and we'll all arrive safe and
dialog: sound in California, as planned...
dialog: unless, of course, Adele don't kill
dialog: us first with her driving.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - EXTREME CU
text: The St. Christopher statue swings from the rear-view mirror.
text: The windshield wipers sweep back and forth against the pouring
dialog: rain.
scene_heading: EXT. AN ISOLATED ABANDONED STORE - NEXT MORNING
text: The Lincoln pulls up at the rear of the store. Adele exits
text: carrying a couple of bags of Chinese take-out food.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED STORE
text: Adele enters the decrepit store. The others are inside. Brian
text: and Carrie are tied up. Brian watches Early intently as he
text: takes one of the bags from Adele. He begins opening one of
text: the carry out containers.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What the hell is this stuff?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: It's Chinese food. It was the only
dialog: place open. You said you was starving,
dialog: you'd eat anyth...
text: Early opens another container. Stares curiously at the
dialog: contents.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Yeah but, what is it?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I don't know, they didn't speak too
dialog: good English.
text: Early sets the container down.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: And just what exactly are the Chinese
dialog: doing here in the middle of the
dialog: American desert anyway?... Didja get
dialog: the beer?
text: Adele somewhat reluctantly hands Early a bottle of beer from
text: a second bag.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ..."Chink" beer!
text: Early notices that Brian is watching him intently. He mistakes
dialog: Brian's interest for hunger.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Oh hell, I'm sorry Bri. Adele, honey,
text: untie Brian, he's starving over there.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Carrie, you want some?
text: Carrie doesn't respond at all. Adele unties Brian.
text: Early pulls out his gun, puts it on the table next to him.
text: Brian sits across from Early. He watches as Early rummages
text: impatiently through the carry out paraphernalia.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Where's the damn forks and spoons
dialog: at!
text: Frustrated, Early finally takes a gulp of Chinese food right
text: out of the container. It goes down rough.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...Is it just me, or has this whole
dialog: trip been goin' downhill ever since
dialog: we ran outta Lucky Lager?
text: Brian picks up a pair of chopsticks, then reconsiders, puts
text: them back down and, like Early, gulps from the container.
text: NEARBY, Carrie sits quietly. As she listens to the two men
text: talk... she notices something on her arm. She lifts her arm
text: up to get a closer look.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: She sees that a few of the white down feathers still cling
text: to her. Closer... and she sees that one of the tiny feathers
text: is tinged with blood. The Gas Station Attendant's. It freaks
dialog: her.
scene_heading: ON BRIAN AND EARLY
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: How many people have you killed Early?
text: Early stops... thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: ON CARRIE
text: She tries to brush the bloodied feather away... but with her
text: hands bound, she can't reach it.
scene_heading: ON BRIAN AND EARLY
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well now, how many people d'you see
dialog: me kill?
text: Brian shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: ON CARRIE
text: In quiet desperation, she raises her arm to her lips... and
text: blows the solitary blood tinged reminder away.
scene_heading: ON BRIAN AND EARLY
text: Early stares at Brian.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...Well then, that's how many I
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (unconvincingly)
dialog: If you say so.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Damn right I do.
speaker_heading: ON ADELE
text: Adele watches the tiny down feather drift to the floor.
scene_heading: ON BRIAN AND EARLY
text: Early picks up a different container and gulps some down.
dialog: After a moment...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You never killed anyone have you
dialog: Bri'?
text: Brian shakes his head no.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You never even seen anybody killed,
dialog: right?
text: Brian stops eating and looks at Early.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What are you getting at?
text: Early leans closer to him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You wanna tell me how'n the hell you
dialog: gonna write a book 'bout somethin'
dialog: you don't know nothin' 'bout?
text: Eye to eye, the two men stare at one another. Brian has no
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Ya see what I'm sayin'?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ha!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (nervously mimes the
dialog: same)
dialog: ...Ha.
text: Early goes back to gulping down his dinner. This time he
dialog: gets a spicy one.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (a nod toward the
dialog: carry out container)
dialog: ...watch out for that stuff, it bites.
text: Brian gazes at the cluster of Chinese carry-out food
text: containers. An ironic reminder of an earlier conversation.
text: He lets out a weak ironic laugh.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (recollecting to
dialog: himself)
dialog: ...way too much MSG.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - TRAVELING - DAY
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN DRIVING DOWN BACKROADS - DAY
text: Early is behind the wheel, not a care in the world. Adele
text: sits beside him playing with her camera. She turns and aims
text: the camera at Brian and Carrie in the back seat, their hands
dialog: are bound.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Smile.
text: Neither makes any attempt at smiling. Adele snaps their photo
text: anyway. In the front seat, she sits quietly for a moment
text: then leans over to Early and whispers something to him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: No way. I guarantee you he was
dialog: breathing when I walked outta there.
text: Adele sits back quietly. Carrie wants to speak but doesn't.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Hey... Ain't we getting near the
dialog: next murder site... Bri?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Forget about it, doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Hell it don't...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...Hand me Brian's map there Adele.
dialog: One day I'm gonna pass some store
dialog: and see your book in the window. Me
dialog: and Adele gonna buy a copy for our
text: coffee table.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Carrie silently fuming in the back seat. Brian stares at the
text: rope that binds his wrists.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD DESERTED MINE AREA - LATER THAT DAY
text: The Lincoln drives down the dirt access road and stops. They
text: all get out, Early unties Brian and Carrie.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Figured your hands might be starting
dialog: to hurt.
text: Early looks down the hill to the old mine building.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Let's have a look. You girls coming?
text: Carrie's steely gaze answers Early's question.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Can I just wait here?
text: Early leans into the car and picks up Adele's camera.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Don't worry Bri', I'll take the
dialog: pictures.
dialog: (to Adele, with a
dialog: kiss to her cheek)
dialog: ...you stay here with Carrie.
dialog: (to Carrie)
dialog: You run off... Bri' pays the price.
dialog: Karma, remember?
text: Pistol in hand, Early follows Brian down the hill. Adele
text: begins nervously playing with her yoyo.
text: Carrie watches as Brian and Early disappear around a bend in
text: the dirt road. Out of the corner of her eye, she hones in on
dialog: Adele's yoyo.
text: Adele becomes increasingly intense about manipulating the
text: yoyo, controlling it. Until she's lost in it. A momentary
dialog: refuge.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: This is called walk the dog.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - EXTREME CU
text: A huge excruciatingly tight shot of the yoyo in slow motion.
text: Its string unraveling as it spins downward. Carrie pulls her
text: gaze away.
speaker_heading: CARRIE'S POV
text: The desolate surrounding landscape, a bright blue sky, the
text: scrubbrush. And no one who can help them. Carrie turns and
text: looks over her shoulder down the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD MINE BUILDING
text: The old mine building, rusted and deserted since the late
dialog: '20's.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: So tell me... what happened here?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Two brothers, prospectors, lived
dialog: here. Up until a few years back.
text: Flash! -- Early takes a photo with the Instamatic.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (coaxing)
dialog: ...and?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: They picked up hitchhikers... young
dialog: men... and brought them back here.
text: Early scans the grounds.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Where'd they do it?
text: Reluctantly Brian leads Early toward the old mine building.
text: At the opening, Early hesitates.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Bri.
text: Brian stops in his tracks.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - TIGHT CLOSE UP
text: Adele's yoyo skitters across the gravel road surface.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD MINE BUILDING
text: Brian turns back to Early.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: This ain't going to give me
dialog: nightmares, is it?
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - TIGHT CLOSE UP
text: Then in a snap!... the yoyo recoils into Adele's palm.
speaker_heading: CARRIE'S POV
text: A distant empty ribbon of road.
speaker_heading: ON CARRIE
text: Her eyes searching for anyone who could help.
speaker_heading: ADELE (O.S.)
dialog: This is one of my favorites... rock
dialog: the cradle.
scene_heading: INT. OLD MINE BUILDING
text: Brian and Early are silhouetted against the dying sky. Flash!!
text: Early takes another photo.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...They asked them just before they
dialog: were executed why they did it. They
dialog: said "to be famous."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why do you do it?
text: Flash!! Early takes a flash photo of Brian, momentarily
text: blinding him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Do what Bri?
text: Early moves slowly toward Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: We both know you didn't have to kill
dialog: that gas station attendant.
text: Brian's eyes dart nervously to the gun dangling in Early's
dialog: palm. Flash!
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - TIGHT CU
text: In slow motion Adele's hands manipulate the yoyo and string.
scene_heading: INT. OLD MINE BUILDING
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You wanted to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why?
text: Flash! Brian flinches. Early remains silent as he closes in
dialog: on Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It make you feel good? Powerful?
dialog: (Flash!)
dialog: Superior, what? Come on Early, tell
dialog: me something.
dialog: (Flash!)
dialog: Were you angry?
text: Early's boot lands toe to toe with Brian's shoe.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (tentative)
dialog: Who are you angry with Early... your
dialog: mother, your father?
text: Eye to eye, the two men stand there.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You want to know about my daddy,
dialog: I'll tell you about my daddy, Bri...
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN
text: Carrie walks over to Adele at the car. Adele doesn't miss a
dialog: beat with her yoyo.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Adele, listen to me... Early's sick;
dialog: he should be in a hospital.
text: Adele screws up the trick. She pulls the yoyo off her finger
text: and throws it in the back seat. She leans into the front
text: seat and cranks the radio up to the max. Closing her eyes,
text: she begins moving to the music, and tries to ignore Carrie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (shouting over the
dialog: music)
text: The police are after him, he's a
dialog: murderer!
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: ...That's not true.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (shouting back)
dialog: That's not true!
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: A POLICE CAR pulls into frame, unnoticed by Carrie and Adele
text: in the background.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR
speaker_heading: MALE OFFICER
dialog: Let's take a look.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER
dialog: I'll call in the plate.
text: The Male Officer exits, unlocking his holster. The Female
text: Officer picks up the police radio and calls in the license
dialog: plate number.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN NEAR MINE AREA
text: The radio is blaring. Adele continues to dance despite
text: Carrie's pleas.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: ...I wouldn't lie to you, Adele. . .
dialog: I saw him kill that man.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Early didn't kill nobody, he wouldn't
dialog: do that. I don't know why you're
dialog: saying those things. You ain't my
dialog: friend.
text: With that, Adele stops her dancing and turns away from
text: Carrie... To see the Male Officer walking toward them.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Please don't say anything Carrie.
text: The Male Officer continues toward them. It looks like he's
text: talking to them... but his voice is inaudible under the
text: deafening radio.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE: FAVORING THE TWO POLICE OFFICERS
text: The Female Officer sticks her head out of the police car and
text: yells to her partner. He turns to listen.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER
dialog: We got a match, I'll call for back
dialog: up.
text: As the Male Officer turns back, he sees Adele reach into the
text: front seat of the Lincoln. The Male Officer draws his revolver
text: and levels it at Adele.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE: FAVORING ADELE AND CARRIE
text: Click! Adele shuts the radio off, total silence. As Adele
text: leans back out of the car, she turns, facing directly into
text: the barrel of the Male Officer's gun.
speaker_heading: MALE OFFICER
dialog: All right ladies, I want both of you
text: to slowly step away from the ca...
text: BANG! A single gunshot rings out! The Male Officer jerks
text: back and falls to the ground. Adele screams! Carrie whips a
text: panicked glance around and sees... Early running toward them.
text: Brian, bewildered, follows behind.
speaker_heading: BRIAN'S POV (RUNNING)
text: Ahead of him, he watches Early race past the wounded Male
text: Officer. He kicks the Officer's revolver out of reach and
text: rushes toward the police car.
text: Early fires his gun repeatedly as he charges the car!
text: The Female Officer pulls her gun and starts to get out of
text: the car, when... a shot shatters the windshield hitting her
text: in the chest. She collapses back onto the seat.
speaker_heading: ON BRIAN
text: He stops at the sight of the wounded Male Officer. Shocked,
text: he watches the man writhing in pain. His hands clutching his
text: crotch. His blood oozes into the dirt.
text: Early approaches the police car. He sees the dead cop and
text: hears the radio dispatcher.
speaker_heading: POLICE RADIO
dialog: Officer needs help, shots fired, six
dialog: Adam five, one eighty-seven, suspects
dialog: wanted in multiple murders. Location
dialog: unknown, last seen...
text: Brian is not sure what to do. He looks around... sees the
text: Officer's handgun lying in the dirt. He takes a step toward
text: it, when... another gunshot rings out! Brian stops. Looks to
text: the police car. He sees Early standing there, smoke belching
text: from the dashboard... the police radio is dead.
text: Early walks back toward Brian and the others. He steps over
text: to the injured Male Officer on the ground.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Tell me that don't hurt.
text: Early picks up the wounded cop's gun. He hands it to Brian
text: as he trains the .45 automatic at Brian's chest.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Shoot him. You'll be doing him a
dialog: favor.
text: Brian looks to Early in disbelief.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: No, no, I can't.
text: Early cocks the pistol and pushes the barrel to Brian's head.
text: Brian looks down at the wounded cop who is writhing in pain.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (No,) It's the answer to all them
dialog: questions of yers.
text: Brian won't do it. He drops the gun to the ground.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Now you'll never know.
text: Early cocks his pistol.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...Don't do it. Early, look at him,
dialog: look at his face. That's not your
dialog: father.
text: Early stares at the wounded cop's face.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I know that. That there is a policeman
dialog: in a world of pain. And this is what
dialog: you call a mercy killin'.
text: Early shoots the cop again. The cop lays still.
text: Early reaches down and takes the dead cop's handcuffs. He
text: casually points the little camera at the dead cop. Flash!!
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - ON BACKROADS - LATER
text: The Lincoln hurtles down the road.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Early driving. Adele in the passenger seat looks bewildered.
text: Carrie and Brian in back, handcuffed, eyes hollow with
text: exhaustion and fear. Then out of the quiet...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I'm still waiting.
text: Adele looks across the seat to Early. Her face drained of
dialog: all expression.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Not so much as a simple "thank you."
text: Adele at a loss. Finally... confused...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (empty)
dialog: ...thank you.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Thank you for what?
dialog: (becoming aggravated)
dialog: What are you thanking me for Adele?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (hesitantly, she admits)
dialog: ...I don't know.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well Adele... it was for...
dialog: (screaming at her)
dialog: ...saving your fucking life back
dialog: there!
text: She shrinks away from him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (gesturing with his
dialog: fingertips a fraction
dialog: apart)
dialog: Darlin' you were 'bout that far from
text: spendin' the night at the morgue.
dialog: You understand?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: He wasn't going to shoot her, you
dialog: murdering son of a bitch!
text: Early looks into the rear-view mirror. Brian tries to defuse
dialog: the situation.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Carrie... stop it.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you
dialog: Brian!? If you'll stop taking notes
dialog: for once and open your eyes... you'll
dialog: see that he is a homicidal fucking
dialog: killer. He is... for real!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Shut up Carrie, please... just shut
dialog: up!
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN ON DESERTED HIGHWAY - SUNSET
text: The Lincoln drives along an old deserted highway passing
text: occasional gas stations and dilapidated motels.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN ON DESERTED HIGHWAY - SUNSET
text: Early is driving. He notices something in the distance.
scene_heading: EARLY'S POV - NIGHT
text: Off in the distance... an oasis of greenery.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MUSGRAVE HOUSE - ARIZONA/UTAH BORDER - DUSK
text: A home in a secluded valley near the desert. It has a cactus
text: garden. The garden is illuminated so it can be enjoyed at
dialog: night.
text: Reveal... the Lincoln parked by the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - CLOSER
text: Adele gazes out the passenger-side window. She's enthralled
text: by the sight of all the cacti.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: ...I luv' cactuses 'cos they're so
dialog: strong. Don't need much care really.
text: Reveal Brian handcuffed to the steering wheel beside her. He
text: cranes his neck to see out the rear window...
speaker_heading: BRIAN'S POV
text: Early steps up to the front door of the house and rings the
text: bell. Carrie stands beside him. A light comes on inside. The
text: door slides open a crack and MRS. MUSGRAVE, an attractive
text: older woman with silver hair, peers out with a puzzled look.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - SAME TIME
text: Adele rambles on.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (far away)
dialog: ...You can forget about 'em forever
dialog: and then look at 'em and they're
dialog: doin' even better than before.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (watching the house)
dialog: Adele... we gotta do something before
text: Early kills someone else.
speaker_heading: BRIAN'S POV
text: Of Early and Carrie as they are let into the house.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Adele is still rambling on about her interest in cacti.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: ...There ain't nothin' can kill 'em.
dialog: They can live for two even three
dialog: hundred years.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Adele for god sake please lis...
speaker_heading: ADELE
text: (she glances over to
dialog: Brian)
dialog: There ain't nothing we could do.
dialog: Once Early sets his mind on somethin',
dialog: well thats the end of that.
text: Adele drifts back to the cacti.
scene_heading: INT. MUSGRAVE LIVING ROOM - A LITTLE LATER
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A PORCELAIN CACTUS
text: One of many we now reveal to be atop a fireplace mantle.
text: Adele leans in against the mantle and scrutinizes the cactus.
text: Carrie and Brian sit on the floor, back to back, their arms
text: bound around the leg of a piano by a pair of police handcuffs.
text: Mrs. Musgrave is standing nearby. She's overwhelmed. Numb.
text: She pours herself a glass of bourbon.
scene_heading: MRS. MUSGRAVE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: It's just like in that dream I had.
dialog: If only I had seen their faces.
text: She takes her drink and sits down on the couch nearby. Adele
text: drops down quietly on the chair next to her.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (tries to cheer Mrs.
dialog: Musgrave up)
dialog: You've got beautiful cactuses here,
dialog: I just love 'em. My momma used to
dialog: keep a garden.
text: Mrs. Musgrave downs most of her drink with the first try.
text: Distressed, her head slumps down.
speaker_heading: EARLY (O.S.)
dialog: (from the kitchen)
dialog: Hey Bri... You ever stop to think
dialog: that if you switched the two letters
dialog: in your name...
dialog: (entering the room)
dialog: ...it would spell Brain.
text: Early, his pistol wedged in his belt, appears from the kitchen
text: eating a sandwich. Between bites... He walks over and rips
text: the phone out of the wall unit. He glimpses Mrs. Musgrave.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What's wrong with her?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (sorry for her)
dialog: She had a dream that somethin' like
dialog: this was gonna happen.
text: Early notices the glass of bourbon in her trembling hands.
text: He steps over to her and takes the glass away.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I'll bet she did.
text: He sets the glass down next to a recent picture of Mrs.
text: Musgrave and an ELDERLY MAN with silver hair.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Where's your husband?
scene_heading: MRS. MUSGRAVE
dialog: (lying)
dialog: ...I'm a widow.
text: Early looks at her, he doesn't believe her.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSGRAVE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Everything is quiet beneath the star studded sky. The same
text: elderly man pictured with Mrs. Musgrave is studying the sky
text: through a powerful telescope. MR. MUSGRAVE is an amateur
text: astronomer. o.s. the SOUND of a door opening. Then footsteps.
speaker_heading: MR. MUSGRAVE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Is that you Peaches? Come, you must
dialog: see Saturn tonight. The rings are
dialog: sensational!
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - GLASS DISPLAY CASE
text: Early leans into frame, staring at the display case.
speaker_heading: EARLY'S POV
text: Inside of it is a four foot long replica of the first ATOMIC
text: BOMB, "Fat Boy." Faded newspaper articles on the wall indicate
dialog: Mr. Musgrave had something to do with the bomb's initial
text: construction. An old photo on the bookshelf shows a much
text: younger Mr. Musgrave in a '50's kitchen. He is laughing and
text: embracing a '50's style female mannequin.
speaker_heading: MR. MUSGRAVE (O.S.)
dialog: My oh my, this is quite rare, quite
dialog: rare indeed. Come have a look...
text: Early's eyes drift over to a set of golf clubs that sit in
text: the corner of the room.
scene_heading: MR MUSGRAVE'S POV - THROUGH TELESCOPE
text: The planet Saturn and its glorious rings.
speaker_heading: MR. MUSGRAVE (O.S.)
dialog: Peaches?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: THWACK!! The planet turns into a blur of light... then
dialog: blackness.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME TIME - ON BRIAN AND CARRIE
text: Brian and Carrie are still cuffed to the piano, in the
text: background we see Mrs. Musgrave and Adele looking out the
text: window into the backyard.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (whispers to Carrie)
dialog: You gotta talk to her. She looks up
dialog: to you, she'll listen to you.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: I tried talking to her at the mine.
dialog: It didn't work.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Then try again, (it's our only
dialog: chance.)
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - LATER
text: Early is leaning on a golf club looking through the telescope.
speaker_heading: ADELE (O.S.)
dialog: Early?
text: He pulls his eye away as Adele arrives.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Early, Mrs. Musgrave has the most
dialog: beautiful little guest house out
dialog: back and... well, no one's stayin'
text: in it... it's just empty. And she
dialog: said if me and you wanted to, well
dialog: maybe we...
text: Suddenly, o.s., a scream pierces the moment!
text: Early and Adele turn toward the doorway to see Mrs. Musgrave
text: screaming. The older woman's eyes staring past Adele to the
text: floor nearby. Adele follows the terrified woman's gaze to
text: find... Mr. Musgrave's body lying on the floor. A bloodied
text: wound in the back of his head. All of Adele's enthusiasm
text: drains from her face.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (to Mrs. Musgrave)
dialog: Well 'Peaches'... you're a widow
dialog: now.
text: Mrs. Musgrave collapses to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Brian and Carrie are still cuffed to the piano. Across from
text: them, Early sits in an overstuffed chair looking through
text: Carrie's collection of erotic photography.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (to Brian)
dialog: Have you seen this one? That don't
dialog: leave much to the imagination now
dialog: does it?
text: He looks at another photograph. Confused, he turns it upside
text: down, stares at it.
scene_heading: INT. THE DEN - SAME TIME
text: Mrs. Musgrave is laid out on the couch. Adele, deep in
text: thought, watches over the older woman. Finally Adele reaches
text: into her purse, pulls out her small potted cactus then walks
text: across the room to a table. Its top is covered with small
text: potted cacti. She gently places hers among them.
scene_heading: ON MRS. MUSGRAVE
text: Mrs. Musgrave begins to regain consciousness. Her eyes open
text: to find... Adele standing over her. Adele brings her finger
text: to her lips -- Shhhh.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Early looks through several more photos. He stops on one of
text: a nude woman's torso. Early looks at it for a moment... then
text: extends the photo out toward Carrie, comparing it to her.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (smiles and shakes
text: his head in disbelief)
dialog: That's you ain't it?
text: Carrie doesn't answer him. Then, in the background directly
text: behind Early... Adele and Mrs. Musgrave quietly appear. Carrie
text: notices them as they start to cross the hallway to the
text: kitchen. Early sees Carrie's eyes glance past him. He turns
dialog: to see why... when...
speaker_heading: CARRIE (O.S.)
dialog: You're right Early...
text: Early stops. Looks back to Carrie. Brian also turns to her
dialog: curiously.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...It is me. Do you like it?
text: Early looks at the photo again. Adele and Mrs. Musgrave now
text: cross safely to the kitchen. Carrie eyes meet Early's. He
text: smiles, pulls the nude photo of her close to his face... and
text: licks it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Adele quietly opens the back door.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Go on now... please.
text: Mrs. Musgrave is confused, is it a trick? She looks into
text: Adele's eyes... and knows it's not. The old lady turns and
text: walks out into the dark desert. Adele stands at the open
text: door, watching Mrs Musgrave escape.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: ...Call me.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - A MOMENT LATER
text: Early finishes looking through the photographs. He closes
text: the cover of the portfolio.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well they say there's room fur all
dialog: kinds in California... and that's
dialog: where we're gonna be this time
dialog: tomorrow. California.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Adele honey?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
speaker_heading: EARLY (O.S.)
dialog: Adele?
text: Early enters, and sees Adele standing at the back door. Adele
text: turns to face him. Early looks past her into the night and
text: realizes what she's done. He strides across the room pulling
text: the pistol from his waistband.
scene_heading: AT THE KITCHEN DOOR
text: Early pushes Adele out of the way.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Peaches! Come on back here. There
dialog: ain't nothin' for you to be afraid
dialog: of.
scene_heading: EARLY POV - EXT. CACTUS GARDEN
text: Aside from the occasional pools of light illuminating the
text: cacti, it's very dark. There's no sign of Mrs. Musgrave.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: He steps outside and starts firing his gun into the
text: blackness... bullets THUNK into the cacti.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (shouting over the
dialog: gunfire)
dialog: Nobody wants to hurt you Peaches!
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Early! Stop!!
text: Desperate, Adele grabs a large potted cactus. She rushes
text: toward Early. Swinging the cactus like an unwieldy bat, she
text: pummels the side of his head. He stumbles forward,
text: disappearing into the darkness. Adele stands outside the
text: kitchen door, bewildered. Then...
speaker_heading: EARLY (O.S.)
text: Oww! Oww!! -- FUCK!!!!
text: Early re-emerges from the shadows. Adele's eyes widen when
text: she sees him. His cheek has long bloody gashes where the
text: cactus ripped the flesh.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: Honey... What do you think you're
dialog: doin'?
text: Adele starts to cry.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Oh, n'jus what in hell you crying
dialog: 'bout? I'm the one got hit.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I changed my mind, Early. I'm not
dialog: gonna climb up that Hollywood sign
dialog: with you... I decided. I think your
dialog: mean, and you hurt people.
text: A look comes over Early's face that we've never seen before.
text: That he's never felt before. Hurt. He doesn't know how to
dialog: deal with it. And he definitely doesn't like it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME TIME (INTERCUT WITH PREVIOUS SCENE)
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Carrie, watch for Early.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'm going to try and lift the end of
dialog: the piano. If I can... slide your
dialog: cuffs free.
text: Carrie glues her eyes to the kitchen doorway. Brian presses
text: his back up under the belly of the piano and using all his
text: strength manages to lift the piano an inch off the floor.
text: Carrie slides her cuffs out from under the leg.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I don't know.
text: Carrie's eyes dart back toward the kitchen. Then she notices
text: a chair nearby.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Can you lift it again? Just lift it,
dialog: hurry.
text: Carrie grabs the chair. As Brian lifts the piano, she pushes
text: the chair beneath the underside of it. It holds the piano
text: suspended an inch off the floor. Brian drops to the floor
text: and slips the cuffs free.
text: When... a solitary gunshot rings out from the cactus garden.
text: A moment later, Early steps quietly into the room. He's
text: pulling the last few cactus needles from his face. He sees
text: Brian and Carrie standing.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You two been busy in here.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What happened to Adele?
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Well, let's put it this way.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I need me a new woman.
text: A shocked silence. Brian and Carrie look to one another.
text: Carrie moves toward the kitchen but Early stops her! Brian
text: rushes at him. Early sticks the .45 automatic in his face!
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Sorry about this Bri...
text: He starts to squeeze the trigger.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Early, don't.
text: Early stops. He looks to Carrie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'll do whatever you want. You want
dialog: me to go with you, I'll go with you.
dialog: Just don't kill him.
text: Early deliberates the situation, then eases up off the
text: trigger... and smiles to Brian.
text: Then, without warning, he hits Brian over the head with the
text: butt of the .45 automatic. Brian falls to the floor
text: unconscious.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. MUSGRAVE HOUSE - EARLY MORNING
text: As Early finishes tieing one of the replicant bombs, Little
text: Boy onto the hood. He reaches down and grabs a six pack of
text: beer on the ground and shoves it in the back seat, then slides
text: into the driver's seat next to an anxious Carrie. Carrie is
text: now wearing one of Adele's floral dresses.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Think anyone will notice?
text: Carrie doesn't answer, Early laughs.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Early looks out over the expanse of the desert. He sees a
text: dirt fire road.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I'll bet there's a 'door' out there...
dialog: save us some time.
text: Carrie doesn't understand what he means. Nonetheless, she
text: nods her head in agreement.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSGRAVE HOUSE
text: The Lincoln heads out, past the cactus garden, into the
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: THE LINCOLN'S HEADLIGHTS REVEAL
text: Adele's lifeless body on the ground near her beloved cacti.
text: FADE TO BLACK WITH THE DEPARTING HEADLIGHTS
scene_heading: INT. MUSGRAVE LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Brian is handcuffed on the floor. His eyes open slowly as he
text: begins to regain consciousness. He senses someone behind
text: him. He pivots around to see Mrs. Musgrave kneeling down to
dialog: help him.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - SAME TIME
text: In the distance, a cloud of dust reveals the Lincoln,
text: traveling at high speed along the dirt fire road.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - SAME TIME
text: Early still behind the wheel. Carrie sits up against the
text: passenger side door. She is tense and guarded. Out the window,
text: nothing but empty desert.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Pass me a beer hon'.
text: Carrie quietly responds. She kneels on the front seat and
text: reaches into the back. She grabs a bottle by its neck, and
text: pulls it from the six pack of beer. Bottle in hand, she
text: hesitates a moment...
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE: EARLY'S POV IN THE DRIVING MIRROR
text: Early watches Carrie.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: You wanna hit me with that, huh?
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Carrie reconsiders and sits back in the far corner of the
text: front seat.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (not looking at him)
dialog: No.
text: She hands the bottle to him. Early reaches out for the beer,
text: but instead of taking it, he clasps his hand over hers.
text: He looks at her and begins to squeeze...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Stop lyin'... I can see right through
dialog: you.
text: Early squeezes even harder -- Carrie begins to wince with
text: pain. She waits for the glass bottle to shatter in her hand.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Who d'ya think you're foolin'?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know you better than you think...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: ...You're hurting me...
text: Early hits the brakes. The car screeches to a halt in a cloud
text: of dust. Early squeezes on her hand even harder and begins
text: to drag her toward him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I seen the way you been lookin' at
dialog: me since we met... Snappin' my photo
dialog: when you thought I wasn't lookin'.
dialog: Wanting me...
text: Carrie turns her head away. Early pulls her closer.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I saw you when I killed that boy...
text: He grabs her hair with his other hand... Pulls her head around --
text: forcing her to look at him. Early has Carrie right up against
text: him, looking right into her eyes.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You were plenty hot.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: You sick twisted fuck! You don't
dialog: know shit about me.
text: She struggles trying to free herself. Early, his face only
text: inches from hers, smiles...
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Sick... some people might say takin'
dialog: photos of me and Adele humpin' in
text: the back of the car is sick.
text: Carrie struggles even harder, but Early tightens his hold.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...You know what I mean?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...I know I'd love to smash this
dialog: bottle right in your fucking face.
text: Suddenly... Early releases Carrie, taking the beer from her.
text: Carrie retreats back into the corner of the passenger side.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: That's better... Honesty... I like
dialog: that in a woman.
text: He gives her a grin, then opens the bottle.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: But I'll tell ya... when we get to
dialog: California, we're gonna have to do
dialog: something 'bout that gutter mouth of
dialog: yours.
text: Early takes a gulp of beer.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN - SAME TIME
text: Early throws the bottle of beer out the window (it ain't
text: Lucky Lager), slams the Lincoln into "drive" and accelerates
text: along the dirt road.
scene_heading: INT. MUSGRAVE LIVING ROOM
scene_heading: MRS. MUSGRAVE
text: He's pulled out all the lines. The
dialog: nearest phone is twenty miles east
dialog: of here.
text: Brian notices an old pickup truck parked outside.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSGRAVE HOUSE - THE NEXT MOMENT
text: An anxious Brian hustles into the cab of the pickup truck.
text: Some tools are in the back. Brian still wears the handcuffs
text: around his wrists. Mrs. Musgrave stands near the front door.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Which way did they go?
scene_heading: MRS. MUSGRAVE
dialog: (pointing)
text: He took the fire road.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Take your car and get to that phone.
dialog: Call the police.
text: Brian starts the pickup and drives off.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - LATER
text: The wind has picked up. An old wooden gate blocks the fire
text: road. On either side, barbed wire as far as the eye can see.
text: The Lincoln roars into frame and powers through the barrier.
text: The gate smashes into splintered pieces of wood.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - SAME TIME
text: Carrie leans against the passenger door. Early's eyes scan
text: the open desert -- looking for the elusive 'doors.' Carrie
text: reaches for her pack of cigarettes. Early, without a word,
text: reaches out and takes the pack from her. He crumples it up
text: and throws it out the window.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Carrie's eyes go to the instrument panel. The temperature
text: gauge is in the red.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT
text: The pickup truck arrives at a crossroads and skids to a halt.
text: Brian tries to guess which direction to take. Then he spots
text: Early's discarded beer bottle up ahead. The truck accelerates
text: straight ahead, tires spinning.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - LATER, THE SUN IS ON THE HORIZON
text: The winds continue to escalate, blowing harder and harder.
text: The Lincoln approaches on the fire road. A trail of steam is
text: streaming out from under the hood, blinding Early's view.
text: Finally, Early slams on the brakes and skids 180 degrees to
text: a halt... Steam pours out of the Lincoln's grill. The Lincoln
dialog: has had it.
text: Early is indifferent and looks around. About a hundred yards
text: away, barely visible through the growing sand storm, an old
text: 1950's style building.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN
text: Early opens the back door. He grabs a box of supplies (some
dialog: rope, a kerosene lamp etc.)
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Come on.
text: Carrie slowly begins to respond. She slides across the front
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE: CLOSE ON THE INSTRUMENT PANEL
text: Carrie's hand crosses frame and pulls out a knob on the dash.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The sun is starting to set behind a distant mountain range.
text: In the far distance... The pickup truck, revealed by its
text: trail of dust, crosses the vast landscape.
scene_heading: EXT. '50'S DESERT HOUSE
text: Early and Carrie struggle through the growing sand storm.
text: Carrie throws a last curious glance back to the Lincoln as
text: they reach the front door.
scene_heading: INT. '50'S DESERT HOUSE
text: The front door is kicked open. Early enters the room with
text: Carrie in tow.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON EARLY
text: He looks around the room... A smile forms on his face.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Howdy, my name's Early Grayce and
dialog: this is my girl Carrie. I hope you
dialog: don't mind us bargin' in like this
dialog: but a... we was on our way to
dialog: California when our car broke down,
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: EARLY'S POV (AS HE EXPLAINS)
text: A living room fully decorated in '50's furniture. Sand covers
dialog: everything... Including...
text: A FAMILY OF FOUR MANNEQUINS placed around the room: The father
text: sits in front of the TV... The mother (the same mannequin as
text: in Mr. Musgrave's old picture) is toppled over a kitchen
text: counter... The little girl is seated at a table... The little
text: boy is playing with his toy plane on the floor.
speaker_heading: EARLY (O.S.)
dialog: Well... it's gettin' pretty rough
dialog: out there, so if it's all the same
dialog: to you, we'll be staying the night.
scene_heading: EXT. '50'S HOUSE
text: Early slams the front door shut.
scene_heading: CAMERA PULLS AWAY - REVEALING
text: The building is a single story '50's home of extremely cheap
text: construction. It's in bad condition.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - THE SMASHED WOODEN GATE
text: The last rays of the setting sun reveal the pickup truck
text: heading toward the smashed remains of the wooden gate. The
text: pickup truck hurtles through the opening left by the Lincoln.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: On a collapsed old wooden sign. It lies on the ground a few
text: feet away from the gate posts.
scene_heading: "DREAMLAND" - NUCLEAR TEST RANGE DANGER - KEEP OUT
scene_heading: INT. '50'S DESERT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Wind and sand blow freely through the remains of the windows.
text: A solitary kerosene lamp dimly illuminates the living room
text: area. Its flickering light finds... Early, stripped to the
text: waist, crouched over the broken TV set. He fidgets with the
text: knobs. Then the mangled rabbit ears antenna. Carrie sits on
text: some blankets in the corner next to the couch. She's scared
text: to death. Her eyes scan the battered room. Debris everywhere.
text: Amidst all of it, Carrie's erotic photographs have been placed
text: about the room.
speaker_heading: ON EARLY
text: Still unable to get the TV to work, he smacks it a good one
text: on the side.
text: With the smack!... Carrie whips her look back toward Early...
text: To find he's lost interest in the TV. He turns toward Carrie.
text: Stares at her for a moment. Then with a hint of a smile, he
text: begins to move toward her. The time has arrived.
text: He reaches down, grabs her by the shirt and pulls her to her
text: feet. Carrie doesn't resist. He's rough with her as he kisses
text: her on the lips. Carrie pulls her mouth away from his. She
text: seems confused, unsure of her feelings. Early watches her,
text: until her eyes come back to his. Then she steps forward
text: crowding her body against his, as she slips one hand around
text: his neck and kisses him deep and hard...
text: Suddenly Early breaks the kiss and backhands Carrie hard
text: across the face. She lands on the floor several feet away,
text: the palm of her right hand is bleeding.
text: Early looks down to his waist to find a large piece of glass
text: protruding from his side.
text: He pulls the glass shard out, blood drips down his side and
text: onto his jeans.
text: Carrie gets up and races into the back bedroom, frantically
text: looking for a way out, there is none. On the bed the two
text: adult mannequins now lie naked. They have been placed,
text: intertwined in a grotesque sexual position.
text: Carrie turns and rushes back toward the door. Early intercepts
text: her and throws a punch to her stomach, which doubles her
text: over. Then Early sends a second punch to her face, she
text: stumbles backward, landing onto the bed amongst the
text: mannequins. Early begins undoing his belt.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: You'll like it...
text: A violent gust of wind sends several of the erotic photos
text: swirling through the air. One of the photos whips across
text: Early's chest. The wind holds it there momentarily.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Not a lot, but you'll like it.
text: Early peels Carrie's photo off him, the blood from his wound
text: covers the back of it. He slaps it against the nearest wall.
text: It sticks. He walks toward her.
scene_heading: INT. PICKUP TRUCK - BRIAN'S POV
text: The high winds have turned into a full fledged sandstorm.
text: Brian is still driving dangerously fast. The dim lights of
text: the old pickup illuminate only a short stretch of dirt road
text: ahead and the swirling sand.
text: He passes a road sign: 'DEVASTATION DRIVE'
text: Then... As the pickup truck comes around a corner Suddenly...
text: directly in front of him -- Headlights!!
dialog: Brian reacts... too late!!
text: The pickup truck ploughs into the vehicle, and tumbles end
text: over end through the open desert, before finally coming to
text: an abrupt halt.
scene_heading: INT. '50'S DESERT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: With each thrust of Early's body, Carrie's badly bruised
text: face contorts with pain and hatred
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT
text: Sand blows in through the smashed windshield of the wrecked
text: pickup truck. Brian is upside down with his eyes shut. A
text: trickle of blood runs down his face. Camera booms up a dirt
text: slope to reveal the Lincoln, beyond it on the hill above
text: sits the desert house. The glow of the kerosene lamp is
text: visible through the windows.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HOUSE - DAWN
text: The storm is over... No sand blowing. No wind. No nothing.
dialog: COMPLETE SILENCE!!!!
text: The dawn light reveals the devastated '50's house to be one
text: of a cluster, set at the end of a 'Doom Town' cul-de-sac.
scene_heading: INT. '50'S HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: In the darkened bedroom, Early's solitary figure rustles
text: atop the bed. Slowly, he awakens. His eyes open. Across the
text: bed, a pair of handcuffs is locked around the bedpost. In
text: the other cuff is Carrie's motionless hand.
text: Then, out of the corner of his eye, Early sees something in
text: one of the nearby rooms. Curious, he stands, shoves the .45
text: automatic in his waistband and walks toward the hallway.
text: As he passes through the living room and enters the hallway,
text: his face contorts with a strange sense of wonderment.
speaker_heading: EARLY'S POV
text: A blinding light is shafting through cracks and broken gaps
text: around the front door frame... It looks like a magical "door"
text: shrouded in a wall of light!
speaker_heading: ON EARLY
text: In disbelief he pulls his gaze away from the "door"... and
text: sees through a window at the opposite end of the house...
text: the morning sun rising. With that he turns his attention
dialog: back to the front door!
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: I knew there was doors out here!
text: He walks toward the doorway of light. He grins as he opens
text: the "door" and steps through it. The sunlight momentarily
text: blinding him.
speaker_heading: EARLY'S POV
text: A black shadow hurtles toward him out of the brightness...
text: Eventually it blocks out all the light until... WHAAMM!!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DOOR
text: A blow knocks Early back through the doorway. He slams to
text: the ground, on his back. The gun falls from his jeans and
text: slides across the floor. A look of joyful amazement over the
text: blood covered remains of his face, he tries to get up, but
dialog: can't.
speaker_heading: EARLY'S POV
text: Brian, silhouetted, steps into the doorway. He holds a shovel
text: raised, ready to deliver a second, fatal blow... but when he
text: sees Early incapacitated on the floor, he lowers the shovel
text: to his side. His handcuffed hands reach down and picks up
text: Early's gun. He trains it on Early, then walks around him to
text: enter the house. Brian's eyes slowly adjust to the interior...
speaker_heading: EARLY'S POV
text: From on his back, Early looks out the open "door." He sees
text: two large shards of glass standing vertical in the sand,
text: reflecting the sun's rays back toward the house. He realizes
text: that the glass, placed there by Brian, is what created the
text: effect of the "door." He starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That was damn tricky of you Bri.
text: Brian searches for Carrie.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Carrie... Carrie... it's over.
speaker_heading: ON BRIAN
text: He moves into the back bedroom and finds Carrie. She is
text: crouched on the floor, handcuffed to the bedframe. He moves
text: to help her. As he gets closer, he sees her badly bruised
text: face and realizes what's taken place throughout the night.
text: Brian stops. The sympathetic expression on his face changes.
text: With hatred in his eyes, he pivots around, strides out of
text: the bedroom and moves toward the front of the house to Early.
text: in the front room Gun in hand, Brian rushes back into the
text: room. He wields the pistol toward the ground where Early
dialog: lay... but Early's not there.
text: Brian's eyes dart around the room... then suddenly, from
text: behind him, Early grabs him!
text: He wrenches Brian's head back and whips his belt buckle knife
dialog: toward his throat!
text: Brian manages to lift his hands to his neck an instant before
text: the knife tears through his flesh. The knife slices a vicious
text: wound across the back of Brian's right hand. He drops the
text: gun to the floor. Brian elbows Early in the ribs and pulls
text: away from him. He reaches to the ground for the gun, but
text: Early kicks him in the stomach and sends him crumbling to
text: his knees.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Go ahead Bri, ask me something.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You wanna know how I'm feeling'?
dialog: Well I'd say I'm feelin' pretty damn
dialog: good.
text: On all fours, Brian reaches out for the gun, but Early kicks
text: it across the room.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: How 'bout you? You feelin' good?
text: Another kick to Brian's chest. The wind rushes out of him.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: ...'Cause you sure don't look so
dialog: good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Or maybe you're feelin'... powerful.
dialog: That it, you feeling powerful?
dialog: Superior? I know I am.
text: Early unloads a ferocious kick to the side of Brian's face!
text: His head snaps back, his handcuffed arms buckle and he falls
text: flat to the ground.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: What? Am I angry with my daddy? Now
dialog: why would I be angry with my daddy...
dialog: you're the one hit me with the shovel.
dialog: And you're the one's gonna wish you
dialog: hadn't.
text: With one last effort, Brian manages to pull himself back up
text: to his knees. He focuses on the gun ahead of him and tries
text: to crawl toward it. But Early's foot shoves Brian. He flips
text: over onto his back, landing in front of the bedroom doorway.
text: Early moves toward him, knife in hand.
text: As Early moves toward Brian, unexpectedly from inside the
text: doorway, the torso of the female child mannequin whips past.
text: Her hardened molten face slams into Early's bloodied face.
text: Early stumbles backward.
text: Brian crawls for the gun and grabs it. From his knees he
text: turns, steadies the weapon, takes a quick breath... and fires.
dialog: Hitting Early square in the chest!
text: Early falls to the ground on his back. Brian lifts himself
text: to his feet.
text: He sees that Carrie has dragged the bedframe to the doorway,
text: and in her free hand she holds the child mannequin by the
dialog: leg.
text: Gun in hand, Brian steps over to Early. Early's body is still.
text: Blood oozes from the hole in his chest. On a silver chain
text: around his neck is the key to Brian and Carrie's handcuffs.
text: Brian reaches down and grabs the keys... when suddenly Early's
text: arm springs up from his side. His hand grabs Brian's shirt
text: collar. Brian is startled by the move, then realizes that
text: Early's hold is weak. His fingers tremble. Finally his arm
text: drops back down to his side.
speaker_heading: EARLY
dialog: Hey Bri... I think I need a doctor.
dialog: What d'ya say?
text: The two men stare at one another for a moment... then Brian,
text: with one hand still on the handcuff keys, shoves the .45
text: automatic firmly under Early's chin.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BRIAN
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ...Sorry 'bout this Early.
text: o.s. BANG!! rings out as...
text: CLOSE UP on the chain and keys snapping free from Early's
dialog: neck.
text: CLOSE UP on Brian's handcuffs hitting the dusty wooden floor.
text: CLOSE UP on Carrie's handcuff swinging empty against the
text: rusty bedpost.
scene_heading: TRANSITION TO:
text: A montage of the photographs taken throughout the journey.
text: Last image: A book "On The Road To Madness" By Brian Kessler.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
