speaker_heading: KICKASS
dialog: by
dialog: Jane Goldman
dialog: And
dialog: Matthew Vaughn
dialog: Second draft
speaker_heading: Marv Films
dialog: 80a Portobello Road
speaker_heading: London W11 3DL
speaker_heading: +44 20 7976 2313
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK SKYLINE. DAY. 1
dialog: A wide shot in which you could be forgiven for failing to
text: spot a tiny, brightly-clothed FIGURE on one of the rooftops.
text: Over this, we hear the voice of our hero: DAVE LIZEWSKI.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: I always wondered why nobody did it
dialog: before me. I mean, all those comic
dialog: books. Movies. TV shows... You’d
dialog: think that one eccentric loner
dialog: would have made himself a costume.
text: We track in towards the figure: a YOUNG MAN IN A SUPERHERO
text: COSTUME. Perilously near the edge, striking an iconic pose.
text: With cool resolve, he slips a pair of GOGGLES into position.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Is everyday life really so
dialog: exciting, are schools and offices
dialog: so thrilling, that I’m the only one
dialog: who ever fantasized about this?
text: He spreads his arms to reveal awesome MECHANICAL WINGS.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon. Be honest with yourself.
text: Calmly, he dives off the roof.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: At some point in our lives, we all
dialog: wanted to be a superhero.
text: A smile on his face. A beautiful open vista of concrete and
text: glass windows reflecting the low sun. He’s in flight.
text: Oh wait... No he’s not. The smile fades. This isn’t flying.
dialog: Just good old-fashioned falling.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Fuuuuuck!
text: Below, pedestrians become aware of his impending approach.
text: Pointing and screaming. Camera phones. Running to safety.
text: He lands on a PARKED CAR. It crumples like paper. The CAR
text: ALARM strikes up over the crowd noise. We needn’t look closer
text: to be sure that he’s dead. But what the hell. We track in.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s not me, by the way. That’s
dialog: some Armenian guy with a history of
dialog: mental health problems. On the
dialog: news, his sister said he read about
dialog: me in the New York Post.
scene_heading: EXT. JERSEY CITY HIGH SCHOOL. DAY. 2
text: A huge, antiquated building. STUDENTS mill around outside. A
text: CAR pulls up and out climbs highschool senior DAVID LIZEWSKI.
text: Not quite Napoleon Dynamite, but not quite Zac Efron either.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: That's me. Back before any of this
dialog: stuff happened. Back when you’d
dialog: have to be a lot crazier than that
dialog: guy to try and be like me.
text: He waves to his father, MR LIZEWSKI, who is driving...
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Later, Dad.
text: ...And sets off towards the school entrance.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Not saying there was anything wrong
dialog: with me. Just that you’d have had a
text: hard time finding a hook.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I mean, I wasn’t into sport...
text: HE strolls past a brace of SOCCER-TEAM GIRLS kicking a ball.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS. 3
text: Dave joins the back of a line of kids, all waiting to pass
text: one by one through a METAL DETECTOR ARCHWAY.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: I wasn’t a mathlete...
text: We move down the line to see three NICE KIDS ahead of him.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: or a hard-core gamer...
text: Two BOYS. Their t-shirts say “AFK”, and “The cake is a lie”.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t have a piercing, or an
dialog: eating disorder, or three thousand
text: friends on MySpace.
text: Four skinny, pierced EMOS stand at the front of the line.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I wasn’t funny.
text: A chubby white guy, who we’ll come to know as MARTY, dances
text: through the archway doing the “Soulja Boy” dance.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CLASSROOM. DAY. 4
text: The bell RINGS. Dave and the class scramble into their seats.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Like most people my age, I just
dialog: existed.
text: Dave's teacher MRS ZANE, 40, comes in. A slightly chubby
text: borderline milf. She takes off her jacket and hangs it up.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 5
text: Dave lies on his bed watching TV.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Kick in my bedroom door and you'd
dialog: probably find me watching TV. Or
dialog: talking to my friend Todd on Skype.
text: Dave sits at his PC. On the screen: a You Tube page and, ina
text: minimized window, the face of Dave’s best friend TODD.
speaker_heading: TODD (ON THE SCREEN)
dialog: You watching Family Guy?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TODD (ON THE SCREEN)
dialog: Me neither.
text: The sound dips and we return to Dave's V.O.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Or jerking off. Mostly to my
dialog: biology teacher.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CLASSROOM. DAY. 6
text: In a replay of what we just saw, Mrs Zane takes off her
text: jacket. Then she stares right at us and takes off her blouse.
text: She reaches back to unhook her bra just as we cut to:
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 7
text: From our vantage point under Dave’s desk, we can see his
text: PANTS around his ankles. A wad of SOILED TISSUES are dropped
text: into the WASTEPAPER BASKET by his feet.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Though, to be honest, it didn’t
dialog: take much to set me off.
dialog: 10
scene_heading: MASTURBATION MONTAGE. 8
text: Dave’s COMPUTER SCREEN. A homework document headed “The
text: Maasai tribe”, and a shot of some bare-breasted tribeswomen.
dialog: He types: “...traditional ceremonial bead-work”. Then -
text: sentence abandoned - the cursor clicks to minimise the
text: document and bring the tribeswomen to the foreground.
text: Another handful of tissues goes in the basket.
text: Dave's playing WORLD OF WARCRAFT. His female NIGHT ELF is on
text: screen. The cursor fliesto and fro, removing all her clothes.
text: Fingers moving urgently on the keyboard, Dave types “/dance”.
text: The nearly-naked digital elf performs a sexy dance.
text: Another tissue drops into the basket.
text: A copy of TV GUIDE is tossed to the floor. Followed by
dialog: another tissue.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I tell you, when my hormones
dialog: balance out, shares in Kleenex are
dialog: gonna take a dive, man.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CLASSROOM. DAY. 9
text: Where we left off, Mrs Zane takes her seat and leans forward
text: to put down her purse. She catches Dave looking at her tits.
speaker_heading: MRS. ZANE
dialog: Dave Lizewski. You might want to be
dialog: looking at your textbook about now?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yes, Mrs. Zane. Sorry.
text: She flashes a playful mock-stern frown, then an amused smile,
text: before looking away. Truth is, she’s flattered.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Sure, a lot of what got me through
dialog: the average school day was making
text: deposits in the wack-off warehouse
dialog: for later. But don’t get me wrong.
dialog: I liked girls my own age, too.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CORRIDOR. DAY. 10
text: Dave walks the crowded corridor, eyes fixed on a strikingly
text: cute girl who is fumbling in her locker: KATIE DEAUXMA.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Especially Katie Deauxma.
dialog: 11
text: Katie looks up and breaks into a broad smile.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey gorgeous!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey!
text: Katie claps her hand over her mouth, and, hearing a bark of
text: laughter from behind him, Dave wheels round to see the person
text: Katie was actually addressing: her best friend ERIKA CHO.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh my god.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No, you meant - Erika. I know. I
dialog: knew that. You were... I was just
dialog: kidding. I knew you didn’t...
speaker_heading: KATIE DAVE
dialog: Oh god. ...mean me.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: That was...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: It’s cool. Ok then. See ya... later
text: He hurries away. Behind him, Erika and Katie clutch each
text: other in helpless laughter as Katie dies of embarrassment.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I was just a regular guy.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S KITCHEN. DAY. 11
text: Dave sits at the table with his DAD, AND HIS MOM, 42. She’s
dialog: eating cereal.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: No radioactive spiders. No refugee
text: status from a doomed alien world.
text: Dave morosely pours himself a bowl of CORN PUFFS.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Know what? Todd said they do still
dialog: make Count Chocula. They just don’t
dialog: sell it at the A&P any more.
text: Suddenly, Dave’s mom slumps forward onto the table.
text: Her bowl of cereal crashes to the floor, the spilled corn
text: puffs bouncing iconically towards us like the pearls from
text: Martha Wayne’s broken necklace.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: My mother was killed by an aneurism
text: in the kitchen, as opposed to a
dialog: gunman in an alley. So if you were
dialog: hoping for any...
text: Close on the cereal box as it morphs into...
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVE-YARD. NIGHT. 12
text: ...A GRAVESTONE. Behind it, the New York skyline just visible
text: through a fierce storm. Dave: dripping wet, fists aloft,
text: raging at the heavens through the thunder and lightning.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I will avenge you, mother!
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: +-.-You’re outta luck.
text: The tombstone morphs back into...
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S KITCHEN. DAY. 13
text: -+-A box of COUNT CHOCULA cereal. Just Dave and his dad at
text: the breakfast table now.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: In fact, in the eighteen months
dialog: since my mother died, the only
dialog: epiphany I had was realizing that,
dialog: like it or not, life just goes on.
text: Dave studies the cereal box.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: They never had so many mallow
dialog: pieces when I was a kid.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: Hey, I have something for you.
text: He hands Dave three MOVIE TICKETS. Dave lights up.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Spiderman 8! Thursday?! The sneak
dialog: preview?! Dad, you officially rock!
dialog: Don’t you got a shift Thursday
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: They’re for you and the guys.
dialog: 14
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE. DAY. 14
text: A fanboy’s dream. Two storeys of comic books, toys and
text: collectibles, with a coffee-shop concession. Dave is here
text: with Todd and Marty, chatting and drinking frappucinos.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: How come nobody’s ever tried to be
dialog: a superhero?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Gee, I dunno. Oh wait, yeah I do.
dialog: Cos it’s fucking impossible,
dialog: dickwad.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What, putting on a mask and helping
dialog: people? How is that impossible?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: That’s not a superhero, though. How
dialog: is that super? Super is like, being
dialog: stronger than everybody and flying
dialog: and shit. That’s just hero.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: It’s not even hero, it’s fuckin’
dialog: psycho.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hello? What about Bruce Wayne? He
dialog: didn’t have any powers.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Yeah, but he had all expensive shit
dialog: that doesn’t exist. I thought you
dialog: meant, like how come no one does it
dialog: in real life.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, I guess I did mean that.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: C’mon. Anyone who did it for real
dialog: would just get their ass kicked.
dialog: They'd be dead in like, a day.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’m not saying they should do it. I
dialog: just can’t figure out why no one
dialog: does. Seriously, out of all the
dialog: millions of people who love
dialog: superheroes, you’d think at least
dialog: one would give it a try.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: All those mid-life crisis guys in
dialog: the guitar store, they’re never
dialog: gonna be rockstars, but it doesn’t
dialog: stop ‘em buying guitars.
speaker_heading: MARTY TODD
dialog: M (shrugging) Yeah, I guess.
dialog: leh.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, doesn’t it bug you? Why do
dialog: thousands of people wanna be Paris
dialog: Hilton, and nobody wants to be
dialog: Spiderman?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Yeah, what’s with that? She has,
dialog: like, no tits. None at all.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Maybe it’s the porn tape. He
text: doesn’t have a porn tape.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: You never saw One Night in
dialog: Spiderman?
text: They all crack up. But suddenly, Todd is distracted.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Holy shit, check out the wheels.
text: He nods over to the storefront window. A huge black stretch
text: S-class MERCEDES has pulled up outside.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Looks like Mr. D’Amico traded in
dialog: the hummer.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Nah. He probably kept it. And has,
dialog: like, both?
text: A teenage boy climbs out - CHRIS D’AMICO, 17 and self-
text: conscious. He shuffles in followed by a large BODY GUARD.
text: Chris begins to browse a rack of comics, sneaking a look over
text: at Dave and his friends before looking hurriedly away.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Is it just me, or do you feel kinda
dialog: sorry for Chris D’Amico?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Yeah. Woah. Must suck to have a
dialog: rich dad and everything you want.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: MARTY (CONT'D)
dialog: In fact, I wish you hadn’t brought
dialog: it up. I think I’m gonna cry.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeh, but he’s always on his own.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: We should, like, talk to him. See
dialog: if he wants to hang with us.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I wasn’t saying we should talk to
dialog: him, just, like -
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: It'd be awesome! Think about it: if
dialog: he was our friend, no one would
dialog: ever fuck with us again!
text: Dave and Marty consider this. Marty nods over towards Chris.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Go on then, Todd.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Nuh-uh. Dave should go.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Why? I just said I felt sorry - Aw
dialog: shit, ok, fine.
text: Dave makes his way over to the register, where Chris is now
text: in line. Nearby, the Bodyguard pretends to read a comic.
text: Chris sees Dave approaching and smiles. Dave smiles back with
text: an awkward wave. The bodyguard glances up from the comic.
speaker_heading: BODY GUARD
dialog: Fuck off.
text: This guy is massive. Dave does not need to be asked twice.
text: From Chris’ pov, we watch Dave return to his friends and re-
text: enact the encounter. All three burst into laughter.
scene_heading: EXT. DODGY STREET. DAY. 15
text: Dave and Todd walk home, carrying their BAGS of new comics.
text: Then, from nowhere, TWO GANG KIDS block their path. The
text: bigger kid holds out his hand matter-of-factly.
speaker_heading: FIRST GANG KID
text: Phones. Money.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Aw man, not again.
dialog: 16
dialog: 10.
text: Dave hands over his phone and cash. Todd just gives cash.
speaker_heading: FIRST GANG KID
dialog: Phone.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I don’t have one! Somebody else
dialog: jacked it last week!
speaker_heading: FIRST GANG KID
dialog: Gimme the bag.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: It’s just comics.
speaker_heading: SECOND GANG KID
dialog: You wanna get cut?
text: Todd reluctantly hands over the bag of comics, and the kids
text: walk away casually. Shaken and angry, Todd and Dave walk on.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 16
text: TRE FERNANDEZ, 30, unlikely to join his local neighbourhood
text: watch scheme any time soon, is tied to a chair, his fingers
text: in a pair of heavy-duty BOLT-CUTTERS held by a HUGE GOON.
text: Several other goons surround him - let’s call them GINGER,
text: SCARY, SPORTY, BABY and POSH. And here’s FRANK D’AMICO, 50s,
dialog: and his right-hand man, BIG JOE. You know by the cut of
text: Frank's suit that he’s in charge.
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: Frankie... Frank, I’m telling you,
dialog: man. I swear I’m not making this
dialog: up. This fucking guy... Comes outta
dialog: nowhere -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This would be the guy who looks
dialog: like Batman.
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: I didn’t say he looked like Batman.
speaker_heading: HUGE GOON
dialog: You did, you said the guy looked
dialog: like Batman.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER GOON
dialog: He said, like, a black mask and
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: HUGE GOON
text: And a cape.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Like Batman.
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: I didn’t say ‘like Batman.’ I never
dialog: said ‘Batman’.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So this guy, he comes in, outta
dialog: nowhere.
speaker_heading: TRE.
dialog: Right. Outta nowhere. Fucks us up
dialog: real bad.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And this is who killed Johnnie...
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: Right. And my two guys.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: ..-And jacked my coke.
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: He didn’t exactly jack it.
scene_heading: INT. SCUZZY 2ND FLOOR APARTMENT. NIGHT. 17
text: A hyper-stylized fantasy sequence. Tre lies on the floor
text: with a gusher of a nosebleed, clutching a BAG OF COKE. TWO
text: DEAD CRONIES lie nearby.
text: The last man standing is JOHNNIE - clearly the muscle. Tre
text: watches in dismay as the even-bigger SUPERHERO steps behind
text: Johnnie and slices his throat with a HUNTING KNIFE.
text: The Superhero turns on Tre, who throws the bag of cocaine
text: into his face, bolts for the open window and jumps out. The
text: masked man, his black costume now covered in coke, watches
text: out of the window as Tre limps away for his life.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 18
text: Frank fixes Tre with an impassive look.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And this guy... This guy who killed
text: everyone else, he doesn’t bother to
dialog: follow you. Because?
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: Because, I don’t know. I swear
dialog: Frank, I’m just telling you what
dialog: happened.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay. Let me explain the problem I
dialog: got here, Tre. Our mole with the
dialog: Russians tells it a bit different.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY APARTMENT. NIGHT. 19
text: Another stylized fantasy sequence. A TALL RUSSIAN shows Tre a
text: BRIEFCASE full of CASH. A group of RUSSIAN HOODS look on. Tre
text: nods his approval and the tall Russian clicks the case shut
text: and hands it over, in exchange for a large bag of coke.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 20
text: Tre reacts to what he’s just heard.
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: You're kidding me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (re: the bolt cutters)
dialog: Does it look to you like I’m
dialog: kidding?
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Our guy said you gave them Russians
dialog: a pretty sweet deal.
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: It’s a fucking lie, man! I can’t
dialog: believe you believe this shit from
dialog: a fucking Russian, man.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Let’s see, Tre. What’s more likely?
dialog: You're a greedy little cocksucker,
dialog: or my coke is missing because it
text: wound up all over Superman’s face.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Batman.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HUGE GOON
text: Batman’s face.
speaker_heading: TRE
dialog: I never said Batman!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh for fuck’s sake. My son’s in the
text: car, waiting to go to the movies.
dialog: Joe, you're in charge.
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 13.
text: He snaps his fingers as he turns to go. Joe nods. The huge
text: goon snips the bolt-cutters closed. Tre screams.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 21
text: We can still hear the distant screams as Frank - shadowed by
text: Ginger Goon - climbs into the back of the waiting Merc.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES. NIGHT. 22
text: Frank gets in beside his son - Chris, who we met earlier -
text: and the bodyguard. Ginger Goon sits in the front.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sorry you had to wait, buddy.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I coulda waited inside. I’m sick of
dialog: being treated like a kid.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We're not having this conversation
dialog: again, Chris.
dialog: (to the bodyguard)
dialog: Where’s the driver?
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Restroom.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: The movie’s starting in, like, 10
dialog: minutes.
text: We can still hear screaming coming from inside the warehouse,
text: studiously ignored by everyone in the car.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We're cool. It’s okay. We’re only
dialog: gonna miss the trailers.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, but I wanted to, you know,
dialog: get popcorn.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to the bodyguard)
dialog: When we get there, get Chris some
dialog: popcorn, okay? And bring it in.
dialog: What do you wanna drink, Pepsi?
text: Chris nods grudgingly. The screaming continues, escalates.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: You got it, sir.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And I’1l have an Icee. Mixed. Like,
dialog: when they mix the red one and the
dialog: blue one?
text: The driver gets in. From inside the warehouse, we hear two
text: gunshots. Everyone but Frank flinches. Nobody mentions it.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
text: And a pack of Twizzlers.
dialog: Drive.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATRE. NIGHT. 23
text: The limo pulls up outside the theatre. A few people line up
text: for tickets as a huge tide of others flood out. Among them,
text: an elated Dave, Todd and Marty - talking excitedly about the
dialog: movie they’ve just seen.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: The comic-books had it wrong. It
dialog: didn’t take a trauma, or cosmic
dialog: rays or a power ring to make a
dialog: superhero.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 24
text: Dave undresses. In his underpants, he really looks like just
text: a little kid.
text: The camera jibs down to see a UPS PACKAGE. From it, Dave
text: pulls out: a WET-SUIT and a SKI MASK.
text: He pulls them on and looks in the MIRROR.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You are fucking awesome.
text: He strikes a superhero pose, throws a few martial arts moves.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...dust the perfect combination of
text: optimism and naivety.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL WASTELAND. DAY. 25
text: Meet MINDY MACREADY. 11 years old, and tiny. Wearing a woolly
text: hat, a padded jacket and an intense frown.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Daddy? I’m scared.
text: Her father, DAMON, 35, is big and ripped and has a killer
text: handle-bar moustache. But he’s softly spoken.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: C’mon Mindy, honey. Be a big girl
dialog: now. Nothin’ to be afraid of.
text: We pull back to take in Damon’s full towering height. In his
text: hand is A GUN. He loads the magazine.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Is it gonna hurt bad?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Only for a second, sugar.
dialog: (off her pout)
dialog: Handgun bullet goes more than 700
dialog: miles an hour, so at close range
dialog: like this, the force is gonna take
dialog: you right off your feet, for sure.
dialog: But it’s really no more painful
dialog: than a punch in the chest. Okay?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: No. I hate getting punched in the
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You'll be fine, baby doll.
text: Before she can protest, he releases the slide, takes the
text: safety off, aims the gun at her and fires off a round.
text: The bullet hits her square in the chest. She flies through
text: the air, landing on her back a couple of feet away.
speaker_heading: DAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Not so bad, huh?
text: She sits up stiffly and shrugs at him. Then she unzips her
text: jacket to study the KEVLAR VEST underneath. She pokes her
text: finger into the little dent left by the bullet.
speaker_heading: DAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you know how it feels, you
dialog: won't be scared when some junkie
text: asshole pulls a glock.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Wouldn’a been scared anyways.
text: Damon guffaws, pulls off her hat and ruffles her hair.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: That's my girl! ‘kay. Up you get.
text: Couple more rounds, then home.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Again?
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Only if we can go Ben and Jerry's
text: on the way back.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Hmm. Okay. Two rounds, no wincing,
dialog: no whining and you got yourself a
dialog: deal, young lady.
text: She gets up and faces him, arms outstretched, grinning.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I’m gonna get Phish Food and Chunky
dialog: Monkey!
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Good call, baby!
text: He takes aim and - BAM! - cracks off another round.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. DAY. 26
text: Dave, wearing his costume, slips jeans and a long-sleeved tee
text: over the top. He grabs his school bag and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. HIGHSCHOOL CLASSROOM. DAY. 27
text: Mrs Zane is at the whiteboard but Dave isn’t watching. He
text: writes in his book, fingering the collar of his costume under
text: his shirt, a sly smile playing on his lips.
text: In Dave’s notebook are several heroic DOODLES of himself in
dialog: costume, and some names: Night Walker, Bad Night, Bad Ass.
text: He writes down: Kick Ass. Then a bunch of question marks.
scene_heading: INT. BEN AND JERRY’S. DAY. 28
text: Mindy is here with Damon, scoffing a large core sundae. Fudge
text: sauce drips onto her padded jacket. She looks down to wipe it
text: off and notices five bullet holes.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Daddy! Lookit!
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I know, honey. Good job! Hey, you
dialog: had any more thoughts on what you
dialog: want for your birthday?
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Mmmm. Can I get a puppy?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: A... puppy? Like, a dog?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Yeah. A cuddly fluffy one. Anda
dialog: Bratz Moviestar Makeover Sasha.
text: Damon looks like he’s about to have a seizure. Mindy spits
text: ice-cream everywhere as she bursts into giggles.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just fucking with you daddy! I'd
dialog: love a Benchmade model-42 butterfly
dialog: knife.
text: Damon joins in the laughter, relieved.
scene_heading: EXT. D’AMICO’S APARTMENT BLOCK. DAY. 29
text: A black Lexus pulls up and a LIVERIED DOORMAN steps forward
text: to open the door. BIG JOE climbs out, nods his greeting to
text: the doorman, and enters the building.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S APARTMENT BLOCK - LOBBY. CONTINUOUS. 30
text: Inside, Big Joe greets a SECOND DOORMAN and walks towards the
text: bank of elevators. One is guarded by Scary Goon. Inside the
text: elevator, Posh Goon ushers big Joe in and closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - KITCHEN. 31
text: A beautiful bespoke kitchen/breakfast room. Outside, an
text: incredible view of Manhattan. Clearly, business is booming.
text: Frank and Chris eat breakfast with Chris’s mother, ANGIE
text: D’‘AMICO, 47 and looking good.
text: Posh Goon pops his head round the door.
speaker_heading: POSH GOON
dialog: Big Joe to see you, sir.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay, okay.
dialog: (to Angie)
dialog: Sorry hon.
text: She rolls her eyes good-naturedly as she stands up, taking
text: her bowl of oatmeal with her, and heads out of the room.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: No problem. Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: I don’t mind you talking business.
dialog: I'll just sit quiet. I should,
dialog: like, start learning and stuff.
text: Frank points at the door. Chris gets up and stomps out.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna be 18 in eight months for
dialog: chrissakes.
text: Frank ignores him and greets Joe, who gives Chris an
text: affectionate slap on the back as he passes. Joe sits down.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We got ourselves a problem, Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And here was me, thinking you broke
dialog: up my family breakfast cuz you
dialog: wanted to discuss last night’s
dialog: Dancing with the Stars.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Our Russian says Tre just gave them
dialog: another 5 K’s, half price.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Which Tre? Tre Tre? Tre Fernandez?
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Right. Tre Tre. Dead Tre.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So now I’m getting fucked in the
text: ass by a ghost.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Or Tre was telling the truth.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This is my choice? I have to
dialog: believe in ghosts or superheroes?
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Not the part about the superhero.
dialog: Just that he mighta really been
text: gaffled by somebody.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I think it’s time we invited our
dialog: Russian friend over for a friendly
dialog: chat. See what’s really going on.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Put his balls in a vice?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Cool. I just wanted to double
dialog: check. Cos there was that one time
dialog: you said “friendly chat”, and you
dialog: meant it literally, and I thought -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I remember.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: So, better safe than sorry, y'know?
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF TOP. DAY. 32
text: Dave, in his costume, carefully treads the edge of the roof.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: I'll be honest, there wasn’t a
dialog: whole lotta crime fighting in those
dialog: first few weeks.
text: He reaches the corner and looks across to the next rooftop.
text: He glances down into the narrow alleyway separating the two.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY. DAY. 33
dialog: The alley we looked down into before. Dave checks he’s not
text: being watched, then runs a TAPE MEASURE between the walls.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: But even so, my new vocation kept
dialog: me plenty busy. I didn’t even have
dialog: time for internet porn any more.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. DAY. 34
text: Dave has placed two pieces of wood that distance apart. He
text: runs up to the first, leaps... lands nowhere near the second.
scene_heading: INT. HIGHSCHOOL GYM. DAY. 35
text: Dave pumps iron.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: If my friends wondered what the
dialog: fuck was going on with me, they
dialog: never mentioned it.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. HIGHSCHOOL CAFETERIA 36
text: Dave sits with Todd and Marty eating a plate of FISH, STEAK
text: and BOILED EGGS. The guys don’t bat an eyelid. Marty pokes
text: eye holes in a piece of bread and wears it as a BANDIT MASK.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 37
text: Dave poses in his costume, flexing his still-tiny pecs.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: All I knew was I’d never felt so
dialog: good about myself.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. DAY. 38
text: Dave, back at his long-jump, makes several more unsuccessful
text: attempts before he finally lands clear of his target.
text: Close on his feet as we see his subsequent landings past the
text: second piece of timber, getting further and further away.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: I called it preparation.
text: Finally, he takes a run up and we see that the pieces of
text: timber have been put aside, and he is now going for the real
text: thing. He reaches the edge of the roof... and stops.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But if you called it fantasizing,
dialog: it woulda been hard to argue.
scene_heading: INT. MINDY AND DAMON’S APARTMENT. DAY. 39
dialog: The kind of place you’d expect to see in a documentary about
text: scary-ass opt-out survivalists - boarded-up windows, a gun
text: rack, not much furniture. Damon sits on one of several METAL
text: TRUNKS, grinning as Mindy admires a PAINTING.
text: Now we see that it is a brilliantly rendered piece of comic-
text: book artwork depicting them in costume, dynamically posed.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You like?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I love! You’re the bestest comic
dialog: artist, Daddy!
dialog: 
text: He beams and hands her a prettily wrapped PARCEL.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: And here’s your proper present.
dialog: Happy birthday, baby.
text: Mindy tears it open and squeals: It’s the exact BUTTERFLY
text: KNIFE she asked for. She flings her arms around Damon’s neck.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Thank you, thank you, thank you!
text: She studies the knife and tentatively begins to attempt a few
text: traditional “flipping” moves. She succeeds surprisingly well.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Daddy, look!
text: Damon applauds encouragingly until the blade accidentally
text: slices the back of her hand. She stops and studies the cut.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
text: She wipes her hand on her jeans and starts flipping again.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Okay, pop quiz. What’s the proper
dialog: name for one of those?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Easy: “Balisong”. It’s Filipino.
dialog: Ask me another.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Mmmm. ‘kay... The AR15 was a
text: lighter, smaller calibre version of
dialog: what design?
text: She nicks her hand again. Wipes it, unperturbed. Continues.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Eugene Stoner’s AR10. Now gimme a
dialog: hard one.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: When did Samuel Colt get his US
dialog: patent?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I said a hard one! February 25th,
dialog: 1836.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: John Woo’s first full-length
dialog: feature.
text: Mindy’s knife flipping is getting ridiculously good now. At
text: times, the knife is just a silver streak in her little hand.
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Tie Han Rou Qing. The Young
dialog: Dragons... Look, daddy, look!
dialog: You're not looking!
scene_heading: EXT. DODGY STREET. DAY. 40
text: At a junction, Dave wheels his bike beside Todd and Marty,
text: all carrying BAGS from the comic store. This is where they
text: part company. Dave mounts up, waves goodbye and rides off.
text: He rides on, down the same shitty street we saw earlier.
text: Nearby, two boys skulk by a car. The guys who mugged Dave and
text: Todd. One has a SCREWDRIVER. He looks up, stares at Dave.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Like every serial killer already
dialog: knew, eventually fantasizing just
dialog: doesn’t do it for you anymore. It
dialog: was time to engage.
text: Dave looks away, keeps pedalling, head down. But his speed
text: gradually slows until, at the next alleyway, he stops dead.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY. DAY. 41
text: Dave chains his bike to a fire-escape. He tears open his
text: shirt, revealing his costume underneath. This is it.
scene_heading: EXT. DODGY STREET. DAY. 42
text: The first gang kid has his screwdriver wedged under the
text: window rubber and is prying it off. His friend loiters
text: nearby, smoking a JOINT and keeping lookout.
text: They pause, utterly bewildered, at the sight of: Dave.
text: Walking towards them in his full, costumed splendor.
speaker_heading: SECOND GANG KID
dialog: What... the... fuck?!
speaker_heading: FIRST GANG KID
dialog: The fuck are you looking at?
text: Dave hesitates. They start to walk towards him.
speaker_heading: FIRST GANG KID (CONT'D)
dialog: I said what are you looking at?
speaker_heading: DAVE
text: Two cheapshit losers screwing with
dialog: a car that somebody probably worked
dialog: their ass off to pay for.
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: FIRST GANG KID
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: SECOND GANG KID
dialog: Leave it man. Motherfucker be high.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’m not high. I just think it sucks
dialog: that you figure you can do whatever
dialog: you want. Walk away from the car,
dialog: and we can just forget about it.
text: Without warning, the first kid steps up and punches Dave.
text: Dave reels. But now we see that, behind his back, he has a
text: piece of LEAD PIPE. He cracks it over the kid’s head. The kid
text: goes down, the screwdriver flying from his hand.
text: A beat. Then the second kid sets on Dave. The pipe gives Dave
text: an initial advantage. But now the first guy is up again.
speaker_heading: FIRST GANG KID
dialog: Fuck this shit! You crazy, man!
text: He pulls A KNIFE and, before Dave even realizes it, he’s been
text: stabbed in the gut. He looks down in disbelief. Then drops.
text: The gang kids run. Dave gets up and staggers to the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. CONTINUOUS. 43
text: Dave stumbles into the road as A CAR approaches. He tries to
text: flag it, but the ALARMED FEMALE DRIVER accelerates past him.
text: Dave turns in disbelief to watch the car disappear into the
text: distance... failing to see A SECOND CAR speed towards him. It
text: ploughs into him, sending him flying like a rag-doll.
text: The car slows and a terrified BUSINESSMAN stares out to see:
text: Dave is out cold, his legs and pelvis grotesquely twisted,
text: his costume covered in blood. The driver is in serious shit.
text: He looks around. No witnesses. Panicking, he speeds away.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE. DAY. 44
text: We fade up to Dave’s POV. A SIREN is wailing. A MEDIC is
text: cutting off his costume. The medic shouts up to the driver.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Back and responsive!
dialog: (to Dave)
dialog: Easy, pal. Take it easy. Don’t try
dialog: to move.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 24.
text: Dave is in a neck brace, an oxygen mask over his face.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: My dad is gonna kill me.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: He’s gonna be happy you’re alive.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I need a favour. Please? Don’t tell
dialog: anybody about the costume?
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: You got it.
text: The medic deposits the shredded costume in the MEDICAL WASTE
text: RECEPTACLE. Dave smiles with relief. Then his eyes roll back.
speaker_heading: MEDIC (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting to the driver)
dialog: Losing him again!
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR. DAY. 45
text: We fade up to Dave’s POV: a blur of bright lights and
text: concerned faces, as the hospital gurney speeds him along.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: I don’t remember a whole lot from
text: the first days at the hospital.
dialog: Just that the pain was a thousand
dialog: times worse than anything I'd ever
dialog: experienced.
text: A nurse leans down with a needle.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: And the morphine was a thousand
dialog: times better.
text: Dave lies in a hospital bed, bandaged and wired up, asleep.
text: Beside him sits his drained father, staring into space.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 46
text: A rather battered Russian, DANIL, 30, sits on a chair, hands
text: tied behind his back. Nearby, Big Joe talks on his cell.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: They don’t have the vice here no
dialog: more... No. They only treat the
dialog: lumber here now... Yeah, but the
dialog: thing they use for that is even
dialog: better... Exactly... Okay, cool.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Huge Goon)
dialog: Go ahead.
text: The Huge Goon pulls Danil up and, followed by Joe, begins to
text: walk him across the warehouse, past piles of WOOD.
speaker_heading: DANIL
dialog: Look, the guy tells me he is Tre
dialog: Fernandez, what do I know? Now you
dialog: say Fernandez is dead, so, okay,
dialog: this guy, he lie about who he is.
text: They arrive at a large INDUSTRIAL MICROWAVE OVEN, its door
text: open. The Huge goon punches Danil in the face and pushes him
text: inside. He bolts the door and studies the OPERATION PANEL.
speaker_heading: HUGE GOON
dialog: Does it have settings? Like on a
dialog: regular microwave?
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: The fuck do I know? We’re not
dialog: making a fucking Hungry Man dinner,
dialog: just turn it on!
text: Exasperated, Joe leans past the goon and hits the LARGEST
text: BUTTON. A very loud WHIRR starts up.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE (CONT’D)
dialog: (shouting to Danil)
dialog: Who did you buy our coke from? And
dialog: this time, don’t tell us somebody
dialog: who's dead.
text: Danil peers out, desperate, his hand cupped to his ear.
speaker_heading: HUGE GOON
dialog: Can he hear you? I don’t think he
dialog: can hear you.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
text: I SAID: WHO REALLY SOLD YOU OUR
speaker_heading: COKE?
text: Now Danil is in pain. We can faintly hear him shrieking.
text: Big Joe begins to mime his question, one word at a time: an
text: open handed shrug... a “handing over” gesture... a point...
speaker_heading: BIG JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: WHO... SOLD... YOU...
text: But before he can finish, there’s a popping sound, and -
text: SPLAT - the viewing window is decorated with Danil’s insides.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: 47 INT. HOSPITAL. DAY. 47
text: Dave lies in bed, awakening slowly from his sleep. In the
text: chair where we last saw Dave's father, is his mother.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mom? What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: David honey, you need to get better
dialog: now. Your poor dad... First me then
dialog: you? You really can’t go dying.
text: Dave squeezes his eyes shut.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: This isn’t real.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It’s not?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Nah. I don’t believe in ghosts.
text: He opens his eyes. She’s gone, and in her place is a CHINESE
text: FAMILY in traditional rural dress - a MAN, a PREGNANT WOMAN
text: and FIVE SMALL CHILDREN. The woman turns to her husband and
text: whispers in Mandarin, subtitled.
speaker_heading: CHINESE WOMAN
text: He believes in reincarnation.
speaker_heading: CHINESE MAN
dialog: (to Dave, subtitled)
dialog: You do know that statistically,
dialog: there’s a one in three chance of
dialog: coming back as a Chinese peasant?
text: The woman rubs her belly and smiles ominously at Dave.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (in Mandarin, subtitled)
dialog: Is that even true? If you’re just
dialog: going on numbers, aren’t I more
dialog: likely to come back as an insect or
dialog: something?
text: The Chinese family have gone. In their place, a GIANT SPIDER
text: now sits in the chair.
speaker_heading: GIANT SPIDER
dialog: You have a point, there.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Shit... I really don’t wanna come
text: back as a spider.
dialog: 48
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: GIANT SPIDER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I don’t know. It’s just not really
dialog: how I saw things going. Eating
dialog: flies... fucking other spiders...
text: The spider climbs onto the bed and straddles him.
speaker_heading: GIANT SPIDER
dialog: Hey, don’t knock it ‘til you’ve
dialog: tried it, baby.
text: A doctor hurries into the room with Dave’s father. They rush
text: over to the bed, apparently unaware of the spider’s presence.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: (to the doctor)
dialog: See? I think he’s...
dialog: (to Dave)
dialog: Dave? Can you hear me?
text: The spider has gone, and Dave stares groggily at them.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Dad?
text: Mr. Lizewski’s face floods with joy and relief. He kisses
text: Dave on the forehead, and Dave smiles weakly.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Welcome back, young man.
scene_heading: INT. X-RAY ROOM. DAY. 48
text: Dave lies on the bed, the X-RAY UNIT poised over his pelvis.
text: There’s a whine and a flash as it takes a shot.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Turned out, I'd had, like, nine
dialog: operations or something insane.
text: The RADIOLOGIST enters and moves the unit for another shot.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I hurt all over. I felt weak...
speaker_heading: RADIOLOGIST
dialog: Good job. You can get changed now.
text: She helps Dave over to a small changing cubicle.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: And coming off the morphine was a
dialog: pisser...
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. CHANGING CUBICLE. CONTINUOUS. 49
text: Dave takes off the patients gown, and begins to dress, gazing
text: absent mindedly around the cubicle at the various MEDICAL
text: INFORMATION POSTERS. One detailing how to perform a BREAST
text: SELF-EXAMINATION catches his eye.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: But all things considered...
scene_heading: EXT. CHANGING CUBICLE. DAY. 50
text: The radiologist stands outside the door, looking concerned.
speaker_heading: RADIOLOGIST
dialog: Dave? Are you okay in there, buddy?
scene_heading: INT. CHANGING CUBICLE. DAY. 51
text: Dave deposits a handful of tissue into the MEDICAL WASTE BIN.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Uh-huh. Sorry.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: .-.I was getting back to my old
dialog: self.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM. DAY. 52
text: An X-RAY PHOTOGRAPH of a skull with a big metal plate in it.
text: Now another - an arm with elaborate pins. Now a metal-studded
text: leg. Dave studies these as, in the background, his dad packs
text: away Dave’s hospital things into bag.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: How cool is this? I look like
dialog: Wolverine.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: They still have that metal detector
dialog: at your school?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I know! It’s gonna have a meltdown!
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: (suddenly serious)
dialog: Dave, I need to ask you something.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Go on...
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: The police report... They found you
dialog: naked. You said you didn’t remember
dialog: why. The muggers... they didn’t...?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What? No! Jesus! I wasn’t even...
text: In the ambulance, they had to throw
dialog: my clothes away! Cos of the blood.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: Right... Because the medic said you
dialog: were naked.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: But... Nobody...?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Of course not!! Oh my god.
text: Mr. Lizewski throws his arms round his son and starts sobbing
text: with relief. Dave pats him awkwardly on the back.
scene_heading: EXT. A NASTY STREET. NIGHT. 53
text: Mindy walks alone, carrying a GROCERY BAG. A passing COP CAR
text: slows to a crawl beside her and a handsome African American
text: cop, DETECTIVE MARCUS WILLIAMS, 37, winds down the window.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Hey! You need a ride home?
text: Mindy carries on walking, ignoring him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: You shouldn’t be out on your own in
dialog: the dark, you know. It’s not safe.
text: Mindy shakes her head in amusement and keeps walking.
scene_heading: EXT. MINDY AND DAMON’S APARTMENT. NIGHT. 54
text: Mindy lets herself in, unaware that she is still being
text: watched from a distance by Detective Marcus.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CAFETERIA. DAY. 55
text: Dave carries his tray - a burger and fries - trying to ignore
text: all the people staring or whispering. Katie looks at him as
text: she talks to Erika, then abruptly stops talking as he passes.
dialog: 56
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ERIKI CHO
dialog: Said he’s what?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (not now!)
dialog: Nothing.
text: Perturbed, Dave takes his seat next to Todd and Marty. Marty
text: punches him hard in the back.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Did you feel that?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (bored of this)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You're like fucking Jason Bourne or
dialog: something! That owns!
text: Marty does it again, harder.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: How about that time?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No. Marty, give it a fuckin’ rest,
dialog: man. I’ve only been back, like,
dialog: half a day and already you’re
dialog: making me kinda miss the hospital.
scene_heading: INT. MINDY AND DAMON’S APARTMENT. DAY. 56
text: A veritable arsenal of WEAPONS are spread out all over the
text: room. Damon is at a makeshift drawing board, inking a picture
text: we can’t see. Behind him a row of PORTRAITS are pinned to the
text: wall. All villainous-looking men, drawn in comic book style.
text: Mindy walks in carrying two open cans of PROTEIN SHAKE. She
text: hands one to Damon and takes a swig of her own.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Protein shake for ya.
dialog: (re: the picture)
dialog: Oooh. Another picture for our plan?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Yep. And I have something for you.
text: He produces: a UTILITY BELT, bristling with LETHAL ITEMS.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Sweet! You got me a little one!
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Made it just for you, babydoll. Try
dialog: it on?
text: She does. It’s a perfect fit. Mindy inspects it eagerly.
speaker_heading: MINDY
text: Stun grenade, hand grenade, mace,
dialog: shuriken... And... What’s this for?
text: She scrutinises something on the back of the belt, near her
text: behind. We can’t see what it is.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: It’s for... If all else fails. But
dialog: only then.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. DAY. 57
text: From Dave’s POV, we gaze down into the now-familiar alley,
text: then across the chasm to the next roof.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: I should have quit, of course.
text: We see Dave: in a NEW COSTUME. He sprints towards the gap.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 58
text: Dave holds his phone above his head - the favoured flattering
text: MySpace angle - and looks up. He snaps a shot of himself.
text: On his computer we see the PERSONAL PAGE he’s made for
text: Kickass. A few clicks and the photo he just took is in place.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: But you can’t just re-programme
dialog: yourself: what you want, who you
dialog: are... your purpose in life.
scene_heading: EXT. BASKETBALL COURT. NIGHT. 59
text: A costumed Dave approaches with a can of PAINT and a ROLLER.
text: He begins to paint a grafitti-covered wall.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Drop a laptop and it’ll break. But
dialog: when it’s fixed, it’s not gonna be
text: a fuckin’ George Foreman grill.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. GROCERY STORE PARKING LOT. DAY. 60
text: Dave, in costume, loads SHOPPING BAGS into an SUV for a
text: grateful - if slightly bemused - YOUNG MOM with a BABY.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: It is what it is.
scene_heading: INT. ARCADE. NIGHT. 61
text: Dave stands beside a DDR DANCING STAGE unit. A huge queue of
text: LITTLE KIDS wait their turn while two HULKING TEENAGERS end
text: theirs. Their feet just a blur, you get the feeling they play
text: a_lot. One leans forward to put in another handful of coins.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Me? My hardware was fixed now.
text: Dave leans in and stays the boy’s arm, stopping him from
text: inserting the coins. The teens stare at the costumed freak in
text: shock. Dave indicates the line of little kids and gives the
text: universal thumb-jerking gesture for get-the-fuck-outta-here.
text: Amazingly, the two guys comply, walking away, confused. The
text: crowd of kids CHEER, and the first two in line climb on.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. DAY. 62
text: Dave's sprint towards the edge of the roof continues.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: I was back and running Kickass
dialog: version 2.0.
text: Dave reaches the edge... and stops.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Crap.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBOURHOOD STREET. DAY. 63
text: Close on a poster that reads: HAVE YOU SEEN MR. BITEY ???
text: There’s a PHONE NUMBER and a PHOTO OF A CAT.
text: Pull back to find Dave, in costume, studying it.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Okay, maybe I was still in the beta-
dialog: testing phase. But it was a start.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. DODGY NEIGHBOURHOOD. NIGHT. 64
text: Dave - in costume, remember - walks the neighbourhood,
text: searching for the cat, ignoring the stares of PASSERSBY.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mr Bitey!
text: Two GANG GIRLS walking past burst out laughing.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET. NIGHT. 65
text: A terrified man, OSCAR JUAREZ, 26, runs for his life. In hot
text: pursuit are three BIG SCARY GUYS.
text: We intercut between this chase, and Dave’s more mundane
text: ambling.
scene_heading: EXT. RUN-DOWN STREET . NIGHT. 66
text: From across the street, Dave spots A CAT eating from the
text: trash outside a FASTFOOD JOINT. This is it. He sprints across
text: the road towards it, cars honking as he darts between them.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey there Mr. Bitey... C’mon...
text: But the cat makes a break for it, shooting away, up a TREE.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wonderful.
text: Dave climbs the tree as the cat watches disdainfully. In the
text: distance, we may see the terrified Oscar Juarez turn onto
text: this street and dash in our direction - but Dave doesn’t.
text: Dave reaches for the cat, but his foot slips and he falls...
text: Right onto Oscar, flooring him. Neither can quite believe it.
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: Asshole!
text: Before Dave can speak, he receives a kick in the face. The
text: three scary guys surround them. The BIGGEST GUY, who just
text: kicked Dave, eyes him as the others haul Oscar to his feet.
speaker_heading: BIGGEST GUY
dialog: Thanks, freak.
text: The briefest pause. Then he turns and punches Oscar in the
text: mouth. Dave looks on, aghast, as all three lay into Oscar.
text: Dave tries to grab the biggest guy, but he shrugs Dave off.
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: BIGGEST GUY (CONT’D)
dialog: Get the fuck outta here! This ain’t
dialog: none of your business.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, it is.
text: Dave pulls his lead pipe and piles in, blazing, taking hits
text: left, right and centre and landing plenty of his own.
text: A few passerby slow down to gawp. Dave shouts to them.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Call 911! Somebody call 911!
text: A TEENAGER runs into the nearby fast-food joint.
scene_heading: INT. FAST FOOD JOINT. CONTINUOUS. 67
text: The teenager bursts in urgently.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Hey!
dialog: (a beat)
text: There’s a guy dressed like a
dialog: superhero out there fighting a load
dialog: of Bloods, it’s fuckin’ awesome!
text: And, as one, the DINERS hurry out into the street to watch.
scene_heading: EXT. RUN-DOWN STREET. CONTINUOUS. 68
text: The fast-food diners join the large crowd, many now filming
text: the fight on their cell-phones.
text: Dave gives as good as he gets as he fights to protect Oscar.
text: The biggest guy, badly beaten, clocks the crowd. Dave’s not
text: going down, and now they’re on camera, too. Time to quit.
speaker_heading: BIGGEST GUY
dialog: (to Dave)
dialog: Fuckin’ freak!
text: He bolts, followed by his cohorts. The crowd bursts into
text: APPLAUSE. Dave leans down to Oscar, hunched on the ground.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You okay, man?
text: It’s chaos here - the crowd shouting, approaching sirens. An
text: EXCITED GUY thrusts his cellphone breathlessly towards Dave.
speaker_heading: PHONE GUY
dialog: Woooh! That rocked! Who are you?
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 35.
text: Dave ignores him and leans in closer to try and hear Oscar's
text: response. Oscar manages a swollen smile.
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OTHER END OF THE STREET. MOMENTS LATER. 69
text: Dave runs. In the distance, we see the ambulance - now
text: arrived - and much of the crowd still in attendance.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY. NIGHT. 70
text: Dave rounds the corner, and after checking nobody's seen him,
text: he opens the dumpster and retrieves a PLASTIC SHOPPING BAG.
text: He empties it out - it’s his CLOTHES. He pulls off his mask.
text: He’s bleeding and bruised but can’t help grinning. He did it.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S ROOM. DAY. 71
text: Dave peers at his bruised face in a mirror.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: This look like it’s going down any?
text: Todd, at Dave’s desk browsing YOUTUBE, doesn’t move. Marty,
text: on the floor playing BIOSHOCK on the Xbox, looks up briefly.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Give it time man. Only been a week.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Hey, did you see “Pretty Fly for a
dialog: Draenei”?
speaker_heading: MARTY DAVE
dialog: Yeah. Yeah.
text: Todd looks slightly crushed. Then his face lights up.
speaker_heading: TODD (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah wait, did you see that thing
dialog: with the superhero guy? From round
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What thing?
text: Surely it can’t be...? Dave tosses aside his CONTROLLER and
text: moves over to the computer. Marty follows.
dialog: 72
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: KICKASS MEDIA FRENZY MONTAGE. 72
text: In the low-ish res of a youtube clip, we see Dave, bent over
text: Oscar. The camera thrusts towards him.
speaker_heading: PHONE GUY (OS)
dialog: Woooh! That rocked! Who are you?
text: Dave leans down to hear Oscar. Then looks up into the camera.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’m Kickass.
text: MUSIC kicks in now as we follow the explosion of Dave’s fame.
text: - A Youtube page, showing the fight. It’s titled: Kickass!
text: Real life Superhero. Underneath it says: VIEWS: 10,019
text: - Footage from a LOCAL NEWS CHANNEL. A FEMALE ANCHOR speaks.
scene_heading: LOCAL NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: And coming up after the hour: a
text: costumed vigilante has become the
dialog: latest internet phenomenon after a
dialog: Hamilton Park resident filmed the
dialog: man’s remarkable intervention in a
dialog: gang-related attack last week...
text: - More Youtube footage. Now the counter says: VIEWS: 208,323
dialog: - In the school corridor, the mathlete and gamer kids we met
text: earlier stand together by their lockers, talking excitedly.
speaker_heading: MATHLETE
dialog: (impersonating the clip)
dialog: My name is Kickass!
speaker_heading: GAMER
dialog: No, no, no, he just goes, like,
text: “I'm kickass”. Then he runs off.
text: - In the studios of THE TODAY SHOW, Oscar sits nervously,
text: being interviewed by MEREDITH VIERA.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH VIERA
dialog: And what would you say to him, if
dialog: you did, do you think?
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: If I saw him again? I guess, just
dialog: how brave he was. And, y’know,
dialog: just... thank you.
text: - Dave at his computer, on his Kickass MYSPACE page.
text: - Another Youtube clip. Now it says: VIEWS: 5,630,621.
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 37.
text: - Katie, in pyjamas, lies on her bed with her friend Erika,
text: painting her nails and watching THE SOUP. On TV we see:
speaker_heading: JOEL MCHALE
dialog: And now it’s time for our kickass
dialog: clip of the week...
text: Someone dressed as KICKASS runs in, brandishing a stick.
speaker_heading: JOEL MCHALE (CONT’D)
dialog: Not you, Kickass. You were our clip
dialog: of the week last week.
dialog: (shouting offscreen)
dialog: I think we’re gonna have to change
dialog: that segment title.
scene_heading: INT. LATE NIGHT WITH DAVID LETTERMAN STUDIO. NIGHT. 73
text: Letterman is reading out the top ten list.
speaker_heading: LETTERMAN
dialog: Top ten signs your neighbor is
dialog: kickass, number nine: Answers
dialog: phone, "Kickass residence -- I
dialog: mean, Smith residence".
text: Laughter from the audience, the usual drum roll continues.
speaker_heading: LETTERMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Number eight: The family of
text: supervillains across the street
dialog: have really been on edge lately.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. NIGHT. 74
text: Mindy reads a COMIC while Damon performs pull-ups in the door-
text: frame and watches LATE NIGHT WITH DAVID LETTERMAN.
speaker_heading: LETTERMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: .+.-your neighbor is Kickass, number
dialog: seven: Lists his likes as country
text: music, softball and leaping tall
text: buildings in a single bound.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I like kickass.
text: Damon, still performing pull ups, doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: LETTERMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Number six: claims he's getting 50
dialog: miles to the gallon since switching
dialog: to hybrid Kickass-mobile.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Did you see the clip? He was pretty
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Good at getting his ass kicked. He
dialog: shoulda called himself asskick
dialog: instead.
speaker_heading: MINDY
text: That doesn’t even make sense.
scene_heading: 75 INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE. NIGHT. 75
text: Frank, Angie and Chris are also watching Letterman.
speaker_heading: DAVID LETTERMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Number four: A lot of "thanks for
dialog: hospitalizing my attackers"
text: bouquets being delivered.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The kid’s gonna end up dead, is
dialog: what I think.
speaker_heading: DAVID LETTERMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Number three. His last house-guest:
dialog: The Silver Surfer.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No way. He owns. I’d mail his site
dialog: if I had a problem needed fixing.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Are you kidding me? Tell me you’re
dialog: fucking kidding me! I got a hundred
dialog: guys could fix a problem and you'd
dialog: call some Jersey City doofus?
speaker_heading: DAVID LETTERMAN
dialog: (on TV)
text: Number two: Mailman mistakenly puts
dialog: "cowl-of-the-month club" catalog in
dialog: your box.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well I wouldn’t wanna get in the
dialog: way of your “business”. Where I’m
dialog: not wanted.
scene_heading: 76 INT. DAVE’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 76
text: Dave watches TV with his dad.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: DAVID LETTERMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: And the number one sign that your
dialog: neighbor is Kick Ass: You hear his
text: television blaring "Extreme
dialog: makeover - Internet Superhero
dialog: edition".
text: On TV, the audience applaud.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: Is that the guy from round here?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Uh... That kickass guy? I guess so.
dialog: Had you... seen that clip before?
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: I heard about it. The guys at work
dialog: were... I had a fight with one of
dialog: ‘em about it, actually. Said to
dialog: him: when your son’s been mugged
dialog: half a dozen times, then you come
dialog: tell me what you think of
dialog: vigilantes.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: He’s more, like, a superhero. Than
dialog: a vigilante. Wouldn’t you say?
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: Meh. The costume I could do
dialog: without. Hey, this reminds me, did
dialog: you look at that catalogue I gave
dialog: you? The personal tasers?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah. I said fine. I’1ll carry one
dialog: if you want me to.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: You were gonna pick a color.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I don’t know, they were all kind of
dialog: gay. I think they’re, like, meant
dialog: for girls or something.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: What are you talking about? They
dialog: had, like, camo, and purple...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Exactly!
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: Camo is gay now? You wanna tell the
dialog: armed forces or shall I?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No, look, fine, I’1l have Camo.
dialog: Camo is fine. But I’m... You don’t
dialog: have to worry about me, Dad... I
dialog: wish you wouldn’t worry about me.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S ROOM. NIGHT. 77
text: Dave sits down at his computer and logs onto Myspace.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: My MySpace: 38 friends. Kickass’s
dialog: MySpace: 16k and counting.
text: He scrolls through his mail. We catch flashes of text: “Can
dialog: you help?” ... “and I swear I know for sure he did it” ...
dialog: “3rd armed hold-up in two months” ... “broke into my car”
text: Dave begins to type a reply: “I’m working my way through a
dialog: backlog of requests right now, but I’1l get to yours as soon
dialog: as I can. Yours sincerely...”
text: He erases “sincerely” and types “truly”. Erases that, types
text: “keep it real”. Then wipes that too and just types “Kickass”.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL CORRIDOR. DAY. 78
text: Dave strides to his locker, his face still bruised from
text: Kickass’s now-legendary fight, but more confident than ever.
text: Katie, approaching from the other direction, smiles at him.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey.
text: Wary this time, Dave looks over his shoulder. Katie laughs.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dave. Hey.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Oh... Hey.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: How’s the... Uh...
text: She gestures to her face. He pats his own bruised face.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Ah, good, thanks, yeah. Much
dialog: better. Not as bad as last time,
dialog: that’s for sure!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey, you’re into comicbooks, aren't
dialog: ou?
dialog: (off his wary nod)
dialog: Well... me and Erika sometimes hang
dialog: after school at this great store,
dialog: Gotham Comics? They have a
dialog: Starbucks. Actually, I always see
dialog: those two friends of yours there?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah...?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I mean... I could buy you a coffee
dialog: there sometime if you want? If you,
dialog: like, need someone to talk to?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Um... Sure. Thanks.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Cool. What, today? Tomorrow?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Um... Today... sure, why not?
dialog: Today’s good.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Sweet! See ya later, then!
text: And she’s off. Dave spots Todd and Marty lurking nearby and
text: walks over, in a euphoric daze.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Man, did you just see that?!
text: Todd and Marty exchange looks.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Don’t wanna piss on your fries,
dialog: dude, but it might not be... what
dialog: you think.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Yeah, because, Katie Deauxma,
dialog: she’s, like, the world’s biggest
dialog: carebear?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Just look at her friends: Erika Cho
dialog: - self harmer. Kanesha whats-her-
dialog: name - alopecia. And I heard Ariel
text: Kressly’s piano tutor interfered
dialog: with her.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Really? What, like, actual rape, or
dialog: he just felt her up and stuff?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: The point is, Katie Deauxma is all
dialog: about the lame ducks.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What’s that got to do with me?
text: Dave and Marty exchange another look.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. COMIC BOOK STORE. DAY. 79
text: Dave walks to the store with Todd and Marty. He is mid-rant.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: But... A rent boy?! A fucking rent
dialog: boy?? What kind of rumor is that?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Well you know, getting mugged...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You guys have been mugged!
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Yeah, but you got beat up, and you
dialog: had, like, no clothes on that time?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: That’s not even true! The medic
dialog: threw my clothes away!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And, like, someone said when you
text: went through the metal detector the
dialog: other day they saw you turn in this
dialog: really gay-looking personal taser?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: It’s camo!
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Aw, forget about it man. Rumors
dialog: don’t mean shit. The people who
dialog: care about you know the truth.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Yeah. And who knows, it might even
dialog: get you laid.
text: They've arrived at the comic store.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Not if she thinks he’s gay, Todd,
dialog: you fucktard!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Thanks a lot, Marty.
text: Dave opens the door and we see his stunned reaction to:
text: ...the store as he’s never seen it before. It’s rammed, and
dialog: the demographic has expanded wildly to include a lot of girls
text: and a good cross section of teenage society. At the coffee-
text: shop, a sign says: “TODAY'S SPECIAL: KICKASS CAPPUCCINO”
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Holy shit, what happened?
text: Marty flicks a huge promotional cardboard sign: the cover of
text: Kickass number 1. A strap-line on it says: COMING SOON.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: This guy happened.
text: Dave gapes at the poster. But before he can comment, he hears
text: his name being called and spots Katie, in the coffee- shop,
text: waving. Todd and Marty shoo him over to her.
text: Moments later, we find Dave sitting at a table and Katie
text: returning to him, carrying two frappucinos. She sits down.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You really didn’t have to get mine.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It’s my pleasure. You’ve had kind
dialog: of a rough time. I think the least
dialog: I can do is buy you a coffee.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah... about that, I -
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: God, I’m sorry - I didn’t wanna...
dialog: you don’t have to talk about it.
dialog: But if you ever want to... I’m, you
dialog: know. A good listener.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Right... Thanks. So...
dialog: (reaching for a subject)
dialog: Do you actually... Read comics?
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Well, I only just started, but
dialog: yeah. The guy recommended some.
dialog: Let’s see... Love and Rockets. Dan
dialog: Clowes. That kinda thing. I’m not
dialog: so big on all the superhero stuff.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Guess you won't be lining up for
dialog: that Kickass comic, then.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Guess not. But you know what, I was
dialog: seriously thinking of mailing that
dialog: guy's site? I could use some help
dialog: from a guy like that right now.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Help? Really? What with?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh, boyfriend troubles. But the
dialog: last thing you need is me
dialog: unloading. I mean, everything
dialog: you've been through? My stupid
dialog: problems are, like, nothing.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (trying to hide despair)
dialog: Don't be dumb... I mean, I’m fine.
dialog: I'm... But...
dialog: (lightening the mood)
dialog: Kickass? Those must be some pretty
dialog: serious boyfriend troubles!
text: He cracks up at his joke ‘til he realizes she’s not kidding.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You can’t even imagine.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: So... What comic books do you like?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You can tell me, if you want. I
dialog: mean... I’m a guy. I could maybe...
dialog: Give you a guy’s perspective or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Okay... You know I volunteer at the
dialog: needle exchange?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Uh... No, I didn’t.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Well, there was this one guy,
dialog: Rasul? The more I found out about
dialog: his upbringing and stuff? I just
dialog: felt so sorry for him, and... Wow,
dialog: this is weird, unloading. I’m
dialog: usually the one playing therapist.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Well, I’m... here for you, and all
dialog: that kinda thing.
text: Katie reaches across the table and squeezes his hand.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Can I make a confession? Ever since
dialog: I was young I always wanted a... a
dialog: friend who was... A friend like
dialog: you? I hope it’s okay to say that?
dialog: It’s not homophobic, is it? I
dialog: don’t, like, think you're all the
dialog: same or something, I mean -
text: Dave takes her hand in his. May as well get what he can get.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Shhh. Of course not. Carry on.
scene_heading: EXT. DODGY HOUSING PROJECT. NIGHT. 80
text: Dave - in costume - walks the street. A few KIDS cheer as he
text: passes. Some NO-GOOD TYPES cross the street nervously. A
text: SHADY-LOOKING GUY unexpectedly high-fives him.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: I don’t know if I was everything
dialog: Katie had always dreamed her gay
dialog: b.f£.£. would be. But I tried my
dialog: best. And, more importantly, I
dialog: talked her into mailing Kickass.
text: At a nasty block, he pushes bells ‘til someone buzzes him in.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Long story short, this particular
dialog: lame duck of hers had turned out to
dialog: be more of a lame cobra.
scene_heading: INT. DODGY HOUSING PROJECT. NIGHT. 81
text: Dave climbs a filthy stairwell, walks a dilapidated corridor.
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: She didn’t want the money back that
dialog: she'd given him, or an apology for
text: the black eye he’d given her. She
dialog: just wanted him to get that they
dialog: were through, and leave her alone.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And - let’s be real - no other
dialog: request could’ve given me more
dialog: pleasure.
text: Dave stops outside one of the doors and pushes the bell. The
text: door is opened by LEROY, 21, huge and intimidating.
speaker_heading: LEROY
dialog: Ain't Halloween for another few
dialog: months, kid.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Are you Rasul?
speaker_heading: LEROY
dialog: No... Who’s that under there?
text: Dave steps in, shouldering his way past the puzzled Leroy.
scene_heading: INT. RASUL’S APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: A depressing drug den in which RASUL - 19, cute but wasted -
text: sits playing CALL OF DUTY 4 with some other THUG.
text: Dave walks in, followed by LEROY.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Which one of you guys is Rasul?
speaker_heading: RASUL
dialog: Who's that? Leroy, who is this?
text: Leroy shrugs.
speaker_heading: THUG
dialog: The fuck is this, trick or treat?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You don’t know who I am?
speaker_heading: RASUL
dialog: No!?
dialog: (re: the game)
dialog: Great, now I’m dead.
text: Rasul tosses his controller aside, bemused and angry.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I, I have a message for Rasul.
dialog: About Katie Deauxma.
dialog: (off his reaction)
dialog: You’re Rasul? Ok. You’ve gotta stay
text: away from Katie now. It’s over.
dialog: And, uh... You just need to...
dialog: leave her alone.
speaker_heading: RASUL
dialog: What? Who are you? What is this?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’m Kickass. Look me up. And this
dialog: is me giving you a message: leave
text: Katie alone.
speaker_heading: RASUL
dialog: (standing up menacingly)
dialog: Or what?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’1l come back and break your
dialog: fucking legs.
text: Dave turns to leave, but Leroy steps into his path.
text: Rasul grabs Dave’s shoulder, but before he can do anything
text: else, Dave has pulled his TASER. He tasers Rasul, who shrieks
text: and falls twitching to the ground.
text: Dave tries to make a break for it, but Leroy tackles him to
text: the ground. Dave struggles to load his spare cartridge into
text: the now empty taser, but Leroy is too strong.
text: The other thug helps Rasul up, and Rasul pulls a knife.
speaker_heading: RASUL
dialog: You are so fucking dead, man! I’m —-
text: He stops in mid sentence and his eyes bug out as he looks
text: down in surprise at: a LONG BLADE bursting from his stomach.
text: He keels over forwards to reveal a huge knife through his
text: back and, standing behind him, the tiny costumed figure who
text: put it there. Her mask conceals her face, but when she pulls
text: a pair of butterfly knives from her little utility belt and
text: begins to flip them, we know for sure that it’s Mindy.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Who’s next?
text: Leroy and the thug look at one another in disbelief, and Dave
text: stands frozen in shock as Mindy launches herself at them.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 48.
text: It’s an extraordinary sight as this tiny, lethal figure flies
text: between the two, knives flashing, deflecting every blow as
text: she slices and dices these two guys three times her size.
text: When they lie bleeding, she pulls the knife from Rasul’s back
text: and stares at Dave. Terrified, he aims his taser at her.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dude, that is one fuckin’ gay-
text: lookin’ taser.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Chill. We’re on the same team.
text: Dave lowers it, dumbstruck, and watches as she turns the
text: apartment upside down. Soon, she finds a holdall and pulls
text: out several BAGS OF COCAINE. She crams them back in the
text: holdall, grabs it and heads for an OPEN WINDOW - the way she
text: came in, we presume. She climbs out onto the fire escape.
text: Dave watches her, still glued to the spot. Mindy pokes her
text: head back into the room.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon, dipshit. Can’t use the front
dialog: door now.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE. NIGHT. 83
text: Too scared to protest, Dave follows her up the fire escape.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING PROJECT ROOF. NIGHT. 84
text: Dave stops, out of breath. Reluctantly, Mindy pauses too.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Wait, wait... Who are you?
text: She holds out her little gloved hand. It’s covered in other
text: people’s blood. Reluctantly, Dave shakes it.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I’m Hitgirl. And that’s Big Daddy.
text: She points to the next building where we can see Damon, also
text: in superhero costume. Dave gives him a small, awkward wave.
text: Damon salutes, puts his fingers to his lips - shhh - then
text: draws his finger across his throat.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on.
text: She breaks into a run towards the edge of the roof.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 49.
text: Dave runs too but, as the gap between the buildings yawns
text: wide before him, slams on the brakes in terror at the last
text: moment. Mindy keeps going, leaping fearlessly into the void
text: and landing on the roof opposite.
text: She looks back, shrugs, takes Damon’s hand and waves goodbye
text: to Dave before the two turn and run towards the next rooftop.
dialog: And they’re gone.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE. NIGHT. 85
text: Dave climbs shakily down the fire escape to the street.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Hitgirl and Big Daddy, they were
dialog: the real deal. Me, I was just a
text: stupid dick in a wetsuit.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 86
text: Dave sneaks into his room and sits down heavily on the bed.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: A stupid dick with a real problem.
text: The superhero duvet-cover, toys and other detritus of Dave's
text: childhood around the room remind us that he’s just a kid. He
text: pulls off his blood-spattered mask, curls up into a ball and
text: starts to cry.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - KITCHEN. DAY. 87
text: A grim-faced Big Joe sits with Frank, the huge goon nearby.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Let me get this straight: 8 of my
dialog: guys are dead, and we have no
text: merchandise on the street at all.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: No, 8 last night. 15 altogether.
text: And six more missing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay. I want everyone on this. The
dialog: Russians want a war? Then a fucking
dialog: war is what they’re gonna get.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Frankie... I don’t think it’s the
dialog: Russians. Take a look at this:
text: He holds his hand out and the goon passes him a blood-stained
text: cellphone. He wipes it with his sleeve and gives it to Frank.
dialog: 88
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE (CONT’D)
text: Sal's phone. It was in his hand.
text: ON THE PHONE’S SCREEN: A blurred image of a large costumed
text: figure - who we might recognise as Big Daddy - vaulting out
text: of an open window.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE (CONT’D)
dialog: I know this sounds fucked up? But
dialog: we think it’s that guy. That
text: superhero guy from the TV.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Kickass? One guy?? If you’re right,
dialog: we're gonna look like the biggest
dialog: bunch of pussies in New York!
dialog: Man... Go ahead and look into it.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Look into it, yeah. Okay. Just to
dialog: double check... You want -
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: KICKASS’S FUCKING HEAD ON A STICK!
dialog: And I want it YESTERDAY!
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 88
text: Dave lies in bed, asleep, and gradually we realize that is
text: this is a POV shot: somebody is creeping closer as he dozes.
text: Dave's eyes snap open and he leaps out of bed, cowering. It’s
text: Mindy and Damon in full Hit Girl and Big Daddy costume.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I didn’t say anything, to anyone, I
dialog: swear!
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Good move. Let’s keep it that way.
text: Dave nods like crazy. Petrified. Mindy holds out a handful of
text: unfamiliar-looking SMALL PLASTIC BITS. Dave peers at them.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Know what this is? All the
dialog: cartridge shit that comes outta
dialog: your gay taser when you fire it.
dialog: You do know the police could’a
dialog: traced it right back to you if
dialog: they'd found it? Lucky for you, I
dialog: picked it up.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I, I... Thanks.
dialog: 51.
text: Dave reaches out to take the pieces from her. Damon’s hand
text: shoots out and grabs Dave’s wrist before it gets anywhere
text: near. With his other hand, he takes the pieces himself.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Let’s call it insurance. Makes it
dialog: easier for me to take your word.
dialog: See, we like you. But we don’t
dialog: trust you.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Don’t take it personal though. We
dialog: don’t trust anybody.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I recommend it.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Listen, I re-routed your IP address
dialog: for you. Finding you was way too
dialog: easy.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Shit... I hadn’t - God, I owe you.
dialog: But, you know, I’m thinking of
dialog: shutting my site down anyway,
dialog: quitting. This is... insane. I’m in
dialog: way over my head.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Shame. You have potential.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Your call. But, y’know, we’re
dialog: around if you need us.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (humouring him)
dialog: Thanks. That’s really nice of you.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: We don’t do nice. But put it this
dialog: way, there’s a whole lot of people
dialog: in this town we'd rather see
text: accessorizing with a toe tag.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: How do I get hold of you?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: (deadpan )
dialog: Oh just contact the mayor's office.
dialog: He has this special signal he
text: shines into the sky? It’s in the
text: shape of a dick and balls.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You need us, put on your site that
dialog: you're on vacation. We’ll find you.
text: Dave nods, confused. Damon salutes, takes Mindy by the hand,
text: and climbs out of the window. Mindy follows, blowing a kiss.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Sweet dreams.
scene_heading: 89 INT. CLOTHING STORE. DAY. 89
text: Dave sits on a pink sofa by a curtained changing cubicle.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
text: Murder. Superheroes breaking into
dialog: my bedroom. And now Katie Deauxma
text: undressing three feet away from me.
dialog: Nothing seemed real any more.
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: (from behind the curtain)
dialog: So, I didn’t get a mail back from
dialog: Kickass, but it’s been a whole week
dialog: since I’ve heard from Rasul?
text: She emerges from behind the curtain in an absurdly sexy
text: dress. She does a little twirl in front of the mirror.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: ..-Awesome. Just... Wow.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Shit, can you totally see my
dialog: nipples?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Uh... No. A bit? Is that bad?
text: She throws a few poses in the mirror, frowning.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Being Katie’s gay best friend
dialog: sucked and rocked in equal measure.
dialog: Somehow, I mostly managed not to
dialog: get a boner...
text: Katie sticks her hand into her top, assessing the
text: transparency of the fabric.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh hey, I read those old Ditko
dialog: Spidermans you gave me? They were
dialog: actually pretty good.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: ...But there’s only so much control
dialog: aman can have in the presence of
dialog: perfection.
text: He grabs a cushion from beside him and places it on his lap.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. DAY. 90
text: Frank is on the phone, with Big Joe at his side.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I need you to get rid of Kickass.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE DEPARTMENT. DAY. 91
text: In his office, DETECTIVE VIC GIGANTE, 50s, cradles the phone
text: in his sweaty neck as he chows down on Chinese takeout.
text: We now intercut between the two men.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Kickass is killing my men, that’s
dialog: what’s up, Gigante.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: My condolences. No can do, though.
dialog: Outside my remit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Outside your remit?? You’re a
dialog: fucking cop and he’s breaking the
dialog: law! That’s so inside your remit
dialog: it’s ball-deep in your remit’s ass!
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Listen: The cops pay me to nail the
dialog: bad guys. You pay me not to.
text: Everything else is a grey area.
dialog: There’s no evidence on Kickass, and
dialog: trust me, folks here ain’t ina
dialog: hurry to find any. He’s just doing
dialog: what a lot of ‘em would like to do.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Fuck you very much, Vic. Just do
dialog: it, okay?
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Frankie -
text: Frank picks up a framed photo on his desk. We can’t see it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Boy, you sure look good in that
dialog: picture I have of you down in
dialog: Tijuana last year. Maybe I should
dialog: put it on Facebook. You think?
text: Frank slams the phone down, checks the time and turns to Joe.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Where the hell is Dimitri?
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD. NIGHT. 92
text: Damon and Mindy, in Big Daddy and Hit Girl costume, are
text: upside down. It soon becomes apparent that this is the POV of
text: DIMITRI, 30. He’s strapped into a seat in an upside down car.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Thank you, Dimitri. We appreciate
dialog: your cooperation.
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
dialog: Let me out now. Let me down.
dialog: (off their silence)
dialog: I gave you all them names and
dialog: address.
dialog: (more silence)
dialog: I won’t say nothing to nobody.
text: We pull back to see that the car is inside a CRUSHER. Mindy
text: smiles and hits a BUTTON. The crusher grinds into action.
text: Momentarily, a small metal CUBE lands at her feet.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: What a fucking douche.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE DEPARTMENT. DAY. 93
text: Gigante has called a group of COPS into his office. All sit
text: around, staring into space, largely disinterested, except:
text: Detective Marcus Williams. The cop we saw tailing Mindy.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Look, I get that you all like him.
dialog: I’m just saying we give hima
dialog: friendly reminder that we don’t
dialog: encourage the public to take the
dialog: law into their own hands.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This is not about us liking him,
dialog: Gigante. It’s about having better
dialog: things to do than hunt down some
dialog: guy who roughed up a few gang-
dialog: bangers.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Ah. Detective Williams. Why am I
dialog: not surprised by your lack of co-
dialog: operation?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’ll keep an eye out. But trust me,
dialog: we have bigger burgers to barbecue.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Then you better get your damn apron
dialog: on, Marcus. Dismissed. All of you.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. DAY. 94
text: There’s nobody here. Suddenly, the LOCK on the door flies out
text: and onto the floor. Detective Marcus walks in.
text: He inspects the apartment, stopping at the wall. Where before
text: we saw the row of comic-book style portraits is now a huge
text: pyramid arrangement of pictures. The lower ones - all the
text: gangsters Damon and Mindy have killed, including Rasul - have
text: red crosses through them. The higher ones are as-yet
text: unmarked. At the very top is Frank.
text: Marcus keeps walking, notes the huge stash of weapons. He
text: opens drawers and rifles through their contents. He picks up
text: what appears to be a home-made COMIC, and begins to read...
scene_heading: ANIMATED COMIC BOOK SEQUENCE. 95
text: - We linger on the first panel, static. Two cops - a black
text: guy and a white guy bearing more than a passing resemblance
text: to Damon and Marcus himself - stand side-by-side, beaming
text: proudly. In front of them, a photographer snaps a shot.
text: - In the next panel, also static, we see the shot, captured
text: in black and white on the cover of a newspaper. The headline
text: above it reads: LOCAL SUPER-COP TEAM LEAD THE WAR ON DRUGS.
text: - We whip to the third panel, still static, to see the white
text: cop - definitely Damon - about to get into his cop car when a_
text: hand taps him on the shoulder.
text: - Now the artwork comes to life in animation as we see Damon
text: turn around to see a man who is unmistakably Frank. He has an
text: oleaginous smile and a huge fistful of money.
dialog: 56.
text: - A thought-bubble springs from Damon’s head, containing an
text: image of himself and a pretty, heavily-pregnant woman,
text: standing together in front of a dingy apartment block. The
text: image magically changes to show the two wearing new, upscale
text: clothes, standing outside a beautiful mansion.
text: - The thought bubble bursts, and we pan back down to Damon,
text: shaking his head and holding up his hand to refuse the money.
text: - Frank, red-faced, hands in angry fists, smoke coming from
text: his head. Suddenly a light-bulb appears overhead. He grins.
text: - Damon and his pregnant wife watch TV. Suddenly, a huge team
text: of cops burst in! The cops tear through the apartment until
text: one - whom we recognise as Gigante - produces two huge bags
text: of white powder. Damon and his wife react in shock.
text: - An establishing image of jail house gates.
text: - In a prison cell, Damon sits, his head in his hands.
text: - Outside the jail, a sad Marcus puts a comforting arm around
text: Damon's now-even-more-heavily-pregnant wife, who is crying.
text: - In his penthouse, Frank laughs maniacally.
text: - In a female hand, we see an envelope marked “bill”. It is
text: tossed into the air and we follow it as it lands atop a
text: colossal tower of other bills. We pan down to find Damon's
text: pregnant wife sitting in its shadow, weeping.
text: - Marcus enters Damon’s place, looking concerned. His look
text: turns to horror as he sees: Damon’s wife lying on the ground,
text: a bottle of pills in her hand, pills scattered about.
text: - An ambulance streaks across the frame, siren blaring.
text: - A doctor lifts a newborn baby into view... But we pan down
text: to see another doctor, mournfully drawing a sheet over the
text: peaceful face of Damon's wife. She’s dead.
text: - The first doctor hands the smiling baby to Marcus.
text: - Marcus and the baby - now in a little pink dress, a bow in
text: her hair - sit in a prison visiting room, the baby waving to
text: a sad-faced Damon.
text: - In a sunny playground, Marcus plays happily with the baby,
text: now a pretty little toddler, becoming recognizably Mindy.
text: - In the jail, Damon works out aggressively, transforming
dialog: from a regular guy into the Big Daddy we now know, acquiring
text: a moustache and a psychotic look in his eye along the way.
text: - A comic book caption says: FOUR YEARS LATER... Outside the
text: jail-house gates, Marcus hands Mindy - now looking about four
text: years old - over to Damon, and she waves goodbye to Marcus.
dialog: 96
dialog: 57.
text: - The sky darkens. All around them we see the squalor of a
text: run-down, crime-ridden neighbourhood. And looming over them,
text: filling the horizon, is the giant demonic face of Frank.
text: - Close on Damon's big hand. Mindy puts her little hand in
text: his. Pull back to see they are now in costume: Hit Girl and
text: Big Daddy. Ready to fight back. The image freezes and we pull
dialog: back again to see...
scene_heading: INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. DAY. 96
text: .-+.-The comic book in Marcus’s hand. He jumps as he hears:
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: How did you find me?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: One of us is still a cop, remember?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: So go ahead, Marcus. Arrest me.
text: Marcus gestures at the comic and the wall of portraits.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This how you brainwashed Mindy?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You say brainwashed. I say made it
text: into a game.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This your idea of playing, Damon?
dialog: Vigilante justice? Mass murder?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I sent her onto the roof when I saw
text: someone had busted the lock.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I want to see her. I... I miss her,
dialog: Damon. I miss you both.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I appreciate your concern. But you
dialog: need to go now.
text: Marcus looks down to see: Damon has a gun levelled at him.
text: Marcus shakes his head sadly.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Please, hear me out first: that
dialog: asshole Gigante is looking for
dialog: Kickass. I needed to warn you.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Kickass?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah. He anything to do with you?
dialog: You got some kinda fucked-up
dialog: superhero club going or something?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Hardly know the guy.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Well, I wanted to give you a heads
dialog: up. You carry on like you've been
dialog: doing and it’s only a matter of
dialog: time before Gigante’s looking for
dialog: you, too. He’s been on D’Amico’s
dialog: payroll ever since you passed up
dialog: the opportunity, no doubt about it.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You got proof?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Working on it. But nevermind that.
dialog: Point is, you screw with D’Amico,
dialog: the cops are gonna be all over you.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You know I’m not gonna stop. Not
dialog: ‘til D’Amico and his whole damn
dialog: operation are toast.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Ain’t gonna bring her back, Damon.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Damon's gone, Marcus. Damon died
dialog: when she died. I’m Big Daddy now.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This is no life for Mindy,
dialog: know. You owe that kid a thi tdhood.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: No, I‘’ll tell you who owes her a
dialog: childhood: Frank D’Amico. Now get
dialog: the hell out of here.
scene_heading: 97 INT. D’AMICO’S LIMO. DAY. 97
text: Frank, fuming over his situation, sits tensely in the back
text: seat beside the Huge Goon. Suddenly, he spots something.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Holy shit... Stop!
dialog: 98
dialog: 59.
text: The driver complies, and now we see what Frank has: Kickass.
text: Just walking. The goon pulls his gun. Frank stays his hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: Follow that superhero.
dialog: (to the heavens)
dialog: Thank you.
text: The limo crawls along a discreet distance behind Kickass as
text: he continues on his way, oblivious, pausing only for the
text: occasional high-five from passers by. He takes a left down a
text: quiet side-street.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, you are mine.
text: As the limo corners, Frank leaps out and runs at Kickass.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Kickass!
text: Kickass spins round to be met with a perfect round-house kick
text: from Frank. He goes down instantly. Frank, utterly out of
text: control, kicks him furiously as he lies there, motionless.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Kill my men, huh?! Take my fucking
dialog: coke?!
text: A lone ONLOOKER stops and stares in horror at the bizarre
text: sight of a well-dressed man laying into a superhero.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: (to onlooker)
dialog: You want some?!
text: The onlooker runs away, as the goon runs over, gun in hand.
speaker_heading: HUGE GOON
dialog: Boss, what the fuck?!
text: Frank snatches it and shoots the fleeing onlooker before
text: holding the gun to Kickass’s head and pulling the trigger.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 98
text: Katie is on her bed sobbing.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: ...-I just can’t believe he’s dead,
dialog: that’s all.
text: We pull back to find Dave. Alive, well and comforting Katie.
text: He puts his arm gingerly around her shoulder.
dialog: 99
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I know. But, Katie, guys like
text: Rasul... They get mixed up in
dialog: stuff, and...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I know, but what if it was my
dialog: fault? What if Kickass did it?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh my god, you’re talking crazy!
dialog: Katie, there’s no way! He probably
dialog: didn’t even read your mail yet.
text: Katie throws her arms round Dave and hugs him, sobbing into
text: his neck. He holds her, guiltily relishing the opportunity.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon. Don’t cry. Let’s go out and
dialog: buy you... some candy? And some of
dialog: those magazines you like where they
text: draw the red circle on the picture
dialog: if a celebrity has, like, an extra
dialog: long toe or something.
text: She nods and wipes her nose, looking fondly into his eyes.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You're the best, Dave. I hope it’s
dialog: okay to say this but... It so sucks
dialog: that you’re gay.
text: Dave opens his mouth to speak... but changes his mind.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - KITCHEN. DAY. 99
text: Frank holds a NEWSPAPER up to Big Joe and flicks it angrily.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What kind of fucking children’s
dialog: entertainer is that? What kind of
dialog: kid has... I mean, a Spiderman
dialog: party, sure, but... a fucking
dialog: Kickass party!? What, are they
dialog: doing paper plates and fucking
dialog: napkins at the store now?
text: Unnoticed by Frank and Joe, Chris walks in behind them and
text: puts a Pop-tart in the toaster.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Frank, you're scaring me. You're
dialog: losing it. Since when did you start
dialog: getting your hands dirty again? And
dialog: in public!?
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Since when I ask you fucks to get
dialog: me Kickass, and you don’t deliver,
dialog: that’s when.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Gimme a break, it’s been a week! We
dialog: mailed him, we got half our guys
dialog: out doing petty crimes as bait,
dialog: we're busting our asses, here.
text: Frank produces a wrap of COKE and empties it onto the table.
text: He begins to chop out a line.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE (CONT’D)
dialog: The hell are you doing? You're back
dialog: on the powder now as well?
text: Frank ignores him and hoovers it up, muttering to himself.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: “Mommy, I wanna Kickass party”.
dialog: Dumb little fucks.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I know a way you could get him.
text: Frank and Joe swivel round, surprised.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Chris! Who said you could come in?!
dialog: Get the hell out!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You wanna hear it or not?
text: Reluctantly, Frank nods - go on. Chris tries not to betray
text: his thrill at finally being accepted into his dad's world.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, look: you’re a superhero.
dialog: It’s lonely. But who do you trust?
dialog: You can’t really trust anyone,
dialog: right? Because either they’ll find
dialog: out your secret identity, or -
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Joe, interrupting)
dialog: Comic books, this kids reads, all
dialog: fucking day long.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Point is, there’s only one way a
dialog: superhero would trust a stranger.
dialog: And... I could be that stranger.
dialog: Just... Give me a chance. I can do
dialog: it. I just need a few things.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I need these things.
text: Chris hands Frank a handwritten list. He scans it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What are you fucking kidding me? A
dialog: Shelby Mustang? A... What is this?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It’s all the stuff I’1l need. And
dialog: you have to fuck somebody over.
dialog: Like, Louie, or somebody.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Louie?! Woah woah woah, Chris -—
text: Frank holds his hand up to Joe, motions for Chris to go on.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Or somebody. But I swear, dad. If
dialog: you let me do this, it’1l work.
scene_heading: 100 INT. COMICBOOK STORE. DAY. 100
text: Dave, Todd and Marty drink their coffees in the busy store.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: So how are things going with Katie?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh, just peachy. Spent the weekend
text: watching the entire Ugly Betty box
text: set and doing pedicures.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: I’m telling you, man: longer you
dialog: leave it, the worse it’s gonna be.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I know, I know. I’m gonna tell her.
dialog: She just seems so... happy. It
dialog: never feels like the right time.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Well, now’s your chance.
text: Marty nods to the door: Katie’s just walked in. She runs
text: over, plonks herself on Dave’s lap, kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey guys.
dialog: 101
dialog: 63.
text: The boys mumble their greetings.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god, did you see on TV this
dialog: morning? The new superhero guy? How
dialog: cool was that?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What? Who?
text: Katie pulls out her IPHONE, but then spots the store’s TV,
text: which is running the news with the sound muted. She squeals
text: excitedly and waves to the BARISTA.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oooh, can you please turn it up?
dialog: (to the boys)
dialog: Check this!
text: The Barista shrugs and complies, and everyone in the store
text: turns to watch the screen. On it we see:
scene_heading: EXT. DRUG DEN. DAY. 101
text: An indignant, HANDCUFFED MAN is pushed into a police van.
text: Nearby, other COPS swarm industriously. A superhero in an
text: awesome red costume signs autographs for a gathering crowd.
dialog: This is RED MIST. (Who is - as we’ll surely guess - Chris.)
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: ..-After the death last week of a
dialog: local children’s entertainer who
dialog: was dressed as Kickass. But it
text: seems that far from being put-off,
dialog: this individual, who calls himself
dialog: Red Mist, decided to take crime
text: fighting to a new level, as his
dialog: actions last night proved.
text: Cut Red Mist, still signing autographs for a clamoring crowd
text: as he talks to the news reporter.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I guess folks have had enough of
dialog: living with fear, and uh... Kickass
dialog: proved that one person can make a
dialog: difference. If anyone needs help,
dialog: I’m gonna be fighting crime twenty-—
dialog: five/eight. And I’m just a click
dialog: away.
text: (he stares down the lense)
dialog: Red Mist dot com.
text: Cut to a shot of some SUSHI being picked up with CHOPSTICKS.
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER
dialog: Up next... A deadly threat at your
dialog: dinner table? Why eating sushi
dialog: could kill you.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC STORE. DAY. 102
text: The barista turns the sound down again, and the store breaks
text: into excited chatter. Some kids use their cells to log on to
text: Red Mist’s site. In the background we may notice Chris
dialog: himself. Here and Loving it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What did he do?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: He got, like, some drug dealer?
dialog: Some most-wanted guy? You saw ‘em
dialog: bringing out, like, a ton of stuff,
text: the cops were wetting their pants.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty cool.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Yeah. Better costume than Kickass.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Aw, they're both kinda hot. But he
dialog: has a better body than Kickass.
dialog: Don’t you think, Dave?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: (trying not to laugh)
dialog: Yeah, whaddya think Dave? He the
dialog: kinda guy you’d go for?
text: Before Dave can comment, they are all distracted by a shout
text: across the room: the mathlete kid is making the “rock on!”
text: corna double hand-gesture to his friends.
speaker_heading: MATHLETE
dialog: (celebratory rock growl)
dialog: Red Miiiiist!
text: He looks down and adjusts his glasses, embarrassed, when he
text: realizes that everyone is looking at him.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 103
text: Dave is at his desk, fuming. On the monitor: RED MIST’S SITE.
text: It’s fabulous. A ticker says- VISITORS: 5,688,502. Dave
text: drains a CAN OF SODA and throws it, far harder than
text: necessary, into the wastepaper basket under his desk.
dialog: 104
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Apparently Katie wasn’t the only
dialog: one who thought Red Mist owned.
text: He punches a few keys and the KICKASS WEBSITE comes up. A
text: button says - NEW MAIL: 2. Dave clicks on it.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Seemed like hardly anybody wanted
dialog: to talk to Kickass any more.
text: Dave opens a mail. It’s an advert for a PENIS ENLARGER.
text: He opens the second... and leans in, surprised and intrigued.
text: We see a snatch of the mail: ...JUST TELL ME A TIME AND
text: PLACE, IT’D BE COOL TO HOOK UP. YOURS, RED MIST.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY. NIGHT. 104
text: Dave, in his Kickass costume, enters the alleyway cautiously.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (0.S.)
dialog: Kickass.
text: Dave looks up to the source of the voice to see Chris, in his
text: Red Mist costume, standing iconically on a high wall.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Red Mist.
text: Chris jumps down in front of Dave.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Owww. Shit. That was higher than it
dialog: looked.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (clearly in pain)
dialog: Yep.
text: Chris collects himself and shakes Dave’s hand.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t believe you're really here.
dialog: You’re my hero, man. You...
dialog: inspired me. I mean, no Kickass? No
dialog: Red Mist. Seriously.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Wow, I... Really?
dialog: 105
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Straight up. And, look, if you ever
dialog: wanted me to be, I don’t know, your
dialog: sidekick...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You wanna be... my sidekick??
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, I mean, you and me? Together?
dialog: Would we own or what? I mean, wanna
dialog: go fight some crime or something?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What, now?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Why not? C’mon, I got a thing I
dialog: wanna show you.
text: Dave follows him, protesting.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: To be honest with you? I really
dialog: only fight crime between, like,
dialog: nine and two weekdays, so I’m gonna
dialog: need to get back pretty soon...
text: They turn the corner to see: a gorgeous MUSTANG.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sweet!! Is that yours?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Meet the Mistmobile. Check it out:
text: He opens the passenger door and Dave gets in.
scene_heading: INT. THE MISTMOBILE. CONTINUOUS. 105
text: Chris points to various things in the car.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Sat-nav. My iphone - so I can check
dialog: the website for emergencies while
dialog: I’m driving around. Uh... Cup
dialog: holder...
text: Dave notices a pile of COMICS scattered in the foot well.
text: Chris produces what appears to be a JOINT.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry about the mess. Smoke?
dialog: (off Dave’s head shake)
text: I find a lil’ zoot takes the edge
dialog: off when I’m on patrol.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Going up against a crowd... it can
dialog: get pretty scary, don’t you find?
dialog: (off Dave’s silence)
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You’re so not how I expected?
text: Chris shrugs, sparks up and starts the engine.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Seatbelt?
text: Dave buckles up, still bemused. Chris hits play on the
text: stereo. Danny Elfman MUSIC kicks in. Chris floors the pedal.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. THE MISTMOBILE. CONTINUOUS. 106
text: They speed down the street. Excited PASSERSBY stop and wave.
text: Chris grabs his i-phone, hits a key and puts it down again.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: So, I got a mail from this chick,
dialog: said some guy keeps following her
dialog: home from work. I have the address
dialog: and stuff. You wanna check it out?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Sure, why not?
text: They throw a sharp, screeching left into a dodgy street.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 107
text: Ten Goons, armed to the teeth. Huge Goon talks into his cell.
speaker_heading: HUGE GOON
dialog: Just got an SMS. He’s on his way.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S LIMO. NIGHT. 108
text: Frank's in the back on his cell, beside Joe.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don’t kill him ‘til I get there.
text: He hangs up and pockets the phone.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Looks like reading all them comics
dialog: paid off, huh? Your boy did good.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He’s his father’s son.
dialog: 109
dialog: 112
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. THE MIST MOBILE. NIGHT. 109
text: The superheroes drive to the suitably heroic music, the scene
text: undermined only slightly by the interruption of the Sat-Nav.
speaker_heading: SAT-NAV LADY (V.O.)
text: In 100 yards, turn left.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S LIMO. NIGHT 110
text: Frank grins to himself as he loads his GUN.
scene_heading: INT. THE MIST MOBILE. NIGHT. 111
text: Our superheroes screech round a corner.
speaker_heading: SAT-NAV LADY (V.O.)
text: Destination. Destination.
text: Chris stops the car and the two stare out ahead, stunned.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What... the... fuck????
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 112
text: Pull back from the car to see: The warehouse. It’s on fire.
text: The boys swing the doors open, climb out and stare some more.
speaker_heading: SAT-NAV LADY (V.O.)
text: Destination. Destination.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh my god.
text: Chris begins to run towards the entrance.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: There are people in there!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Shouldn't we just call... Oh shit.
dialog: Okay.
text: No choice. Dave runs after him.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. BURNING WAREHOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 113
text: Our superheroes cough and splutter through the smoke. Within
text: moments, Chris has sprinted away, losing Dave.
text: Dave enters the main open space, in which he eventually spots
text: the Huge Goon, lying on the floor, face down, out cold.
text: Dave hoists the man’s arm over his shoulder and, with great
text: difficulty, begins to drag him towards the exit. As the goon
text: begins to slip, Dave gives a little tug on his arm. The man’s
text: head tips back to reveal his face: his eyes are rolled back
text: in his head and his mouth has been cut nearly all the way to
text: the ear on both sides. Dave screams, drops him and runs.
dialog: 
text: As he continues his nightmarish fight through the flames,
text: Dave now spots one heap of CORPSES after another: Frank’s
text: henchmen. Some shot, other displaying extensive knife wounds.
text: Utterly freaked out, Dave reaches a door... but it’s jammed.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Red Mist! Red Mist!
text: Overcome by the smoke, Dave slumps to the ground.
text: Suddenly out of the miasma comes: a gloved hand. Chris pulls
text: Dave up and they run, finally reaching the doorway to safety.
scene_heading: EXT. BURNING WAREHOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 114
text: Dave and Chris emerge from the flames, looking every inch the
text: authentic superheroes, bar the fact that they haven’t rescued
text: anyone and Chris appears to be holding A BURNT TEDDY BEAR.
text: A group of BYSTANDERS have gathered. They applaud.
speaker_heading: DAVE CHRIS
dialog: Holy shit, that was... Oh my god. Oh my god. Fuck.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Did you see all those bodies?
text: Chris nods in horror. In the distance, SIRENS.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: We've gotta get out of here.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (noticing the teddy)
dialog: Why’d you save the teddy...?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What? I don’t know. Come on.
text: And they jump into the still-open Mistmobile and drive off.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTREET NEAR THE WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 115
text: Frank climbs from his limo and gapes in disbelief at the
text: sight greeting him: the warehouse on fire. In the distance:
text: SIRENS. Frank climbs unsteadily back in. The limo pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. DETECTIVE GIGANTE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. NIGHT. 116
text: Gigante lies in bed, sound asleep until his PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Gigante... Yeah, I know that
dialog: warehouse... So put out an APB. And
dialog: don’t call again until you got ‘em.
text: He hangs up and settles down again when his DOORBELL starts
text: to ring persistently. He gets up, grabs his GUN just in case.
scene_heading: INT. DETECTIVE GIGANTE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY. NIGHT. 117
text: Gigante opens the door to see: Frank. He’s a total wreck.
text: Before Gigante can protest, Frank pushes into the hallway.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We gotta talk.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: What if someone saw you come?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Chris is dead, Vic. My son. That
dialog: motherfucker burned down my
dialog: warehouse and killed my son.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Shit. I just got a call about
text: Kickass... and the warehouse. Chris
dialog: was in there?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Chris... Most of what was left of
dialog: my men... You gotta help me.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Okay, listen to me Frank. Good news
dialog: is, there’s an APB out. Tonight we
dialog: nail these superhero fuckers to the
dialog: wall.
text: Suddenly, the door bangs open and Chris, in his Red Mist
text: costume, still holding the teddy, busts in and runs at Frank.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Holy shit!...
text: Gigante goes for his gun... Then stares in total alarm as
text: Frank and Red Mist hug one another.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: .-.-You’re ok!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (crying)
dialog: They’re all dead, dad. We got there
dialog: and all the guys were dead.
text: Gigante, still confused, keeps the gun leveled at Red Mist.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Put the fucking gun down, Vic, it’s
dialog: Chris!
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Chris is Red Mist?!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s not Red Mist you gotta worry
dialog: about, it’s Kickass!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: But’s it’s not!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Kickass is just some geek! Its not
dialog: him! You gotta watch this!
text: Chris thrusts the teddy at them. Now they both look confused.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: I'm watching.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What’s it gonna do?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Aw, for fuck’s sake. I mean watch -
dialog: (to Gigante)
dialog: Where’s your DVD?
scene_heading: 118 INT. GIGANTE’S HOUSE - FRONT ROOM. NIGHT. 118
text: Chris fumbles around, plugging the DVD cables into the teddy.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You bought this to spy on the nanny
dialog: when I was a kid, don’t you
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Why’d you put it in the warehouse?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I guess I thought it’d be kinda
dialog: cool to put the unmasking of
dialog: Kickass on the net, okay? But look:
text: The TV springs to life, and we see:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 119
text: The same scene we saw: 10 armed goons. Huge Goon on his cell.
speaker_heading: HUGE GOON
dialog: Just got an SMS. He’s on his way.
text: Suddenly, Damon - in Big Daddy costume - appears behind him
text: holding a hunting knife, and slices his face open.
text: A beat, then a full scale fight begins, Big Daddy versus the
text: gangsters. Within moments, most have been shot or cut.
scene_heading: INT. GIGANTE’S HOUSE - FRONT ROOM. NIGHT. 120
text: Gigante, Frank and Chris watch the TV, stunned. Reflected in
text: their eyes, we see the screen, lit up now with flames.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: Jesus... Who is this guy?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: He’s the real deal.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN. DAY. 121
text: Dave and his dad eat breakfast in silence.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
text: Superheroes who run into burning
dialog: buildings are meant to find pretty
dialog: ladies screaming “save my baby”.
dialog: What they’re not meant to find is a
text: pile of massacred corpses.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You okay, buddy? You look tired.
dialog: Get an early night tonight, maybe?
dialog: 122
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You bet I will.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - KITCHEN. DAY. 122
text: A shaky Chris, school bag over his shoulder, rifles a shelf.
text: Frank slumps at the table, in the same suit as last night.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Mom? Do we have any Tylenol?
text: Angie, wearing a coat, pops her head round the door.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: In my bathroom.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Angie! The fuck are you wearing a
dialog: coat? Where’dya think you’re going?
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: The hair salon?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: No, you're not! Nobody leaves this
dialog: fucking building, you understand?
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: What? What’s wrong with you?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: And you. Put down the goddamn
dialog: school bag. You’re grounded.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Grounded?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nobody comes in, nobody goes out!
dialog: You both got it? I’m serious. I -
text: Big Joe enters before Frank can continue.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: About time! Security fixed?
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
text: Tighter than a nun’s chooch.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You watch your mouth in front of my
dialog: fucking wife and kid!
text: Angie, Chris and Joe swap nervous looks: Frank is losing it.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Easy, Frankie. You’re safe. You got
dialog: fifteen men here.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And everybody else?
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Is out looking for this
dialog: motherfucker. Just like you said.
scene_heading: 123 INT. POLICE DEPARTMENT - STAIRWELL. DAY. 123
text: Marcus is whispering into his cellphone.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: They’re onto you.
scene_heading: 124 INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. DAY. 124
text: Damon is on his cell, cleaning his knife as he talks. Nearby,
text: Mindy reads a COMIC. We intercut between the two men.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I thought they were looking for
dialog: Kickass?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Not anymore. Gigante just put ona
dialog: little movie show for us. Different
text: Superhero. In a warehouse rinsing a
dialog: whole bunch of D’Amico’s guys. I’m
dialog: guessing that was you?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: ..-I killed all the cameras.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Apparently not. Better get yourself
dialog: hid, bro.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Appreciate it.
text: He hangs up and walks over to the wall with the pyramid of
text: gangster pictures. Now all but the three topmost pictures
text: have red Xs drawn through them. Damon reaches to the top for
text: Frank's picture and rips it from the wall.
speaker_heading: DAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Mindy? Ditch the comic. It’s time
dialog: for Frank D’Amico to go bye-bye.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: What, right now?
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: You bet. Tool up, honey bunny.
text: Damon tosses the picture towards her. Mindy leaps up to
text: reveal that she is wearing her utility belt.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Waaaay ahead of ya.
text: So fast that we barely see the movement, she grabs a THROWING
text: STAR from the belt and skims it across the room. It catches
text: the picture in mid air and - THUNK - pins it to the wall.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - HALLWAY. NIGHT. 125
text: - Through the open door to the study, we can see Frank lying
text: comatose on his desk. Chris, carrying a PLASTIC BAG, looks in
text: and tiptoes past. He passes Ginger Goon and salutes him
text: before sneaking out the door.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S APARTMENT BLOCK. CONTINUOUS. 126
text: Chris leaves the apartment and makes his way downstairs,
text: ignoring the heavily-guarded elevator and taking the equally-
text: heavily-guarded stairs down to the underground parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. D’AMICO’S APARTMENT BLOCK. CONTINUOUS. 127
text: Additional goons stand outside. Chris leaves on foot via the
text: parking lot entrance, unnoticed. Across the street we find...
text: Damon and Mindy, parked up and lying low in their car.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON’S CAR. CONTINUOUS. 128
text: Mindy presses her nose against the glass.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Daddy, I wanna go home.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: No, babydoll. He’s spooked right
dialog: now. But it’s only been three days.
dialog: He can’t stay in there forever.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: What if he can? Then what?
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I don’t know, hon. But I do know
dialog: that if we go in there, we might
dialog: never come out again. It'd be a
dialog: gamble, Mindy baby.
dialog: 129
dialog: 76.
text: Mindy thinks a while.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Well... I’m all in.
text: Damon hugs her.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: I’m so proud of you.
scene_heading: INT. THE MIST MOBILE. NIGHT. 129
text: Dave sits in the passenger seat beside Chris. Both are in
text: full costume. Chris is smoking a joint.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Like I said in my mail, I think I’m
dialog: just... Done with all this.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I thought the same thing after the
dialog: other night. But it’s kind of...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Addictive?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Exactly. Maybe we could forget the
dialog: crime fighting. Just drive around.
dialog: In our costumes, you know?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Dude, I really... I think there’s
dialog: some messed up shit going on I
dialog: don’t even wanna know about.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How do you mean?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Like... I, I think I might know who
dialog: killed those people at the
dialog: warehouse. I think they’re on our
dialog: side. But it’s major-league shit. I
dialog: don’t wanna... Get mixed up in it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: “They”? Like more than one person?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I don’t even wanna talk about it.
dialog: I’m serious. I can’t say anything.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Kickass, you gotta tell me.
dialog: 77.
text: They pull up at a red light, and another car pulls up
text: alongside, driven by two HOT CHICKS. who notice them
text: immediately. Chris notices them back. Dave remains oblivious.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Look man, I just can’t.
text: Chris elbows him and indicates the girls. The BLONDE in the
text: passenger seat rolls down her window. Chris follows suit.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: O.M.F.G. Is it seriously you?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Red Mist. At your service. And this
dialog: is, as I’m sure you know, Kickass.
text: The BRUNETTE driver cranes for a better look and both giggle.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: So what's going on?
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: We fucking love you guys, man.
text: The light changes and Chris pull over. The girls pull up
text: behind and get out, whispering to each other.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ladies. Wanna ride in the
dialog: Mistmobile?
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: That’s not all I wanna ride.
text: Chris climbs into the back seat. The blonde follows him.
text: The brunette gets into the driver’s seat. Dave waves at her
text: awkwardly. In the back, the blonde is down to her bra.
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: Oh my god, this is so weird? Me and
dialog: Jess were just saying last night
dialog: how superheroes are so fucking
dialog: horny? And now, like, we just see
dialog: you guys out?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Uh... Wow. That is a coincidence.
dialog: Imagine that.
text: She giggles, climbs onto his lap and whispers in his ear.
dialog: 130
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: I want you so bad right now.
text: Dave's eyes widen. Before he can speak, she silences him with
text: a kiss. Meanwhile, the blonde tries to remove Chris’ mask.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Uh-uh, baby. The mask stays on.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But the pants, knock yourself out.
text: The blonde leans over to comply. Chris grins. Meanwhile, in
text: the front, Dave pulls away from the brunette.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’m... I’m really sorry. I’m sure
dialog: you're a lovely girl and, and,
dialog: don’t get me wrong, I honestly
dialog: think you're... so pretty and
dialog: everything. But... I’ve got to go.
text: Dave pushes the girl off as politely as he can and gets out
text: of the car. The girl shrugs and climbs into the back seat
text: with her friend and the now ecstatic Chris instead.
text: And Dave hurries purposefully away down the street.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. NIGHT. 130
text: Frank is freaking out. Ginger Goon cowers nervously.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m AWARE he’s not here. What I
dialog: wanna know is WHERE THE FUCK HE IS!
dialog: 
text: Frank throws an empty BOTTLE of whisky at the goon. He
text: dodges, and it shatters against the wall.
speaker_heading: GINGER GOON
dialog: Woah. Take it easy!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The next fucker who tells me to
dialog: take it easy dies.
speaker_heading: GINGER GOON
dialog: Boss, I was... I’m sorry about your
dialog: son, but all they said is make sure
dialog: nobody gets in. I didn’t know we
dialog: had to stop yer family gettin’ out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Why are you still here? Just GO
dialog: FUCKING FIND HIM!
dialog: 131
dialog: 79.
text: Big Joe walks in at the end of this tirade.
speaker_heading: BIG JOE
dialog: Woah woah woah. Frank. Take it
dialog: easy.
text: Wrong move. Frank grabs Joe and throws him over his shoulder.
text: Joe staggers to his feet. Frank strikes again with a lethal
text: karate blow to the throat. This time, Joe doesn’t get up.
text: Frank sits down at his desk. The goon rushes to check on Joe.
speaker_heading: GINGER GOON
dialog: Shit... he’s... dead.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What are you? A fucking doctor?
text: And with that, he shoots the goon in the head.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 131
text: Katie sits at her dressing table in nightclothes, brushing
text: her hair. Her music is playing too loudly for her to hear:
text: Dave, outside the window - still in his Kickass costume -
text: perched on the ledge and struggling to open the sash.
text: Once in, he leans against the dresser, as coolly and sexily
dialog: as he possibly can.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hi. I’m Kickass. You mailed me?
text: Katie carries on brushing her hair. She hasn’t heard him.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Hi! I’m -
text: Katie leaps up, screaming hysterically.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Shhh! Shhh! It’s just me! Kickass!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Get away from me!!
text: She grabs a bottle of BODY MIST from the dresser and sprays
text: it into his eyes. Dave crumples, clutching his face. Katie
text: tosses the spray, grabs a TENNIS RACQUET and lays into him.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Stop! Please! Katie! I’m not gonna
dialog: hurt you! I really am Kickass!
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I don’t care! Fucking freak in a
dialog: mask!? Breaking into my house?!
text: At the same time, they both spot: a BASEBALL BAT.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Katie, no!
text: They both lunge for it...
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: shit!
text: But Katie gets there first, tripping over the cable for her
text: stereo as she does so, silencing the music. She pulls back
text: for a big swing at Dave. No choice: Dave pulls off his mask.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s me!
text: Slowly, in disbelief, Katie lowers the bat.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Dave?! What are you doing? Why are
dialog: you dressed as Kickass?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Because I am Kickass. And I’m also
dialog: not gay. And I’ve been an idiot,
dialog: and a shit friend, and I’ve lied to
dialog: you, and if it makes you feel any
dialog: better, I don’t think you could
dialog: hate me any more right now than I
dialog: hate myself. I’m just... Really,
dialog: really sorry. I’ve never met
dialog: anybody who was as beautiful and
dialog: kind, and... and... lovely as you.
dialog: And you deserve better.
text: Katie stares at him as he walks towards the door to leave.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Dave...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (hopeful )
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: My mom set the burglar alarm
dialog: downstairs. You should probably use
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: 132
dialog: 81.
text: He turns despondently and starts towards the window. He’s
text: just about to climb out when...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Or...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You could just stay.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Really?
text: She nods and sits down on the bed. He walks over uncertainly.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay... Like when we have a
dialog: sleepover?
text: She shakes her head slowly, with a little smile.
text: He sits down beside her and they kiss. Sweetly at first, and
text: then with a violent intensity that surprises them both.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - CORRIDOR. DAWN. 132
text: Chris grins as he does up his jeans. He stuffs his costume
text: into the plastic bag as he sneaks back towards his room.
text: At the study, he glances in to see: two corpses. And Frank
text: making Jack Nicholson in The Shining look like Mary Poppins.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So. You wanna explain what part of
dialog: “grounded” you found confusing?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What... happened?!
dialog: (noticing Joe)
dialog: Oh my god... Joe?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Nobody comes in. Nobody goes out.
dialog: It couldn't have been more fucking
dialog: simple to understand.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You did this because of me?
text: Frank looks away. Chris, touched, can’t suppress a smile.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I know how to find this
dialog: guy, dad. If we get him, everything
dialog: will be like, okay again, won’t it?
dialog: We can fix things together.
text: Frank opens his arms and Chris walks over. And they hug.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. DAY. 133
text: Damon and Mindy are surrounded by CRATES, BOXES, DIAGRAMS and
text: BLUEPRINTS. Both have laptops open. On Damon’s: links to the
text: CCTV cameras in D’Amico’s building. We can’t see Mindy’s.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Ain’t no man in the whole of
dialog: Manhattan with bigger cojones than
dialog: you, Mindy baby. You know that?
text: But Mindy is engrossed in something on the computer.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Daddy, I think I found one. It’s
dialog: perfect. And they can deliver in
dialog: three days... But it’s three
dialog: hundred thousand bucks.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Can you think of anything else
dialog: you'd rather spend it on?
text: Mindy giggles. Damon looks at her laptop screen in awe.
speaker_heading: DAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn, that’s cool!
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE. DAY. 134
text: Dave sits with Todd and Marty. Katie sits on Dave’s lap.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Out of Kickass and Red Mist, who do
dialog: you think would win in a fight?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No idea. But Kickass is definitely
dialog: cuter.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Uh-huh. Kickass is smokin’. I, for
dialog: one, would definitely fuck his
dialog: brains out if I got the chance.
text: Todd and Marty look taken-aback by the newly raunchy Katie.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You would?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Definitely.
dialog: 83.
text: Dave and Katie look at one another hungrily.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Do you... uh, fancy checking out
dialog: that new Kate Hudson movie where
dialog: she’s a shoe designer who can’t get
dialog: a guy? I think we can make the next
dialog: showing if we leave right now.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hell yeah.
text: They leave, arms around each other. Todd and Marty exchange
text: confused looks, then go back to reading their comics.
scene_heading: 135 INT. ALLEYWAY. DAY. 135
text: Dave and Katie are at it, urgently, up against the wall.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
text: Comic-books rocked. Jerking off
dialog: rocked. And being a superhero
dialog: owned. But this... there was
dialog: nothing - absolutely nothing - in
dialog: the whole wide world that came
dialog: close to being better than this.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 136 INT. DAVE’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 136
text: Dave and his dad are eating dinner together.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: No Katie tonight?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Tomorrow. Wednesdays she does one
dialog: of her volunteer things.
speaker_heading: MR. LIZEWSKI
dialog: You seem like a different guy, you
dialog: know that? Your mom would've been
dialog: so happy to see you out of your
dialog: shell like this.
scene_heading: 137 INT. DAVE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 137
text: Dave is halfheartedly playing World of Warcraft.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Katie worried about me getting
dialog: hurt, so I promised her my Kickass
dialog: days were over. And the truth was,
dialog: I hardly missed it at all.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I realised I hadn’t even checked
dialog: the web site for, like, a week.
text: Dave minimizes the screen and logs on to the KICKASS PAGE.
text: The button says: NEW MAIL: 45. Dave skims through the list of
text: mails without reading any until he sees one from RED MIST.
scene_heading: EXT. DAVE’S APARTMENT. NIGHT. 138
text: Mr Lizewski, in uniform for his shift, gets into his car and
text: drives away.
text: Seconds later, the door opens again to reveal: Dave. Wheeling
text: his bike; wearing a duffle-coat over his Kickass costume, and
text: no mask. He’s just about to climb on when his cell rings.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey baby.
scene_heading: INT. NEEDLE EXCHANGE. NIGHT. 139
text: Katie is behind a reception desk in a waiting room crowded
text: with JUNKIES. Katie listens intently, her face clouding over.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: ...Where? What kind of a thing? I
dialog: thought you were done with that?
text: We now intercut between Katie and Dave.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: This is the last time. I totally
dialog: swear... Well, I wish you wouldn't
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I can’t help it. I do. Because I...
dialog: (is she gonna say it?)
dialog: .«..Care about you. A lot.
text: In the alley, Dave can’t control his giant smile.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I... care about you a lot, too.
scene_heading: EXT. WHARFSIDE. NIGHT. 140
text: The Mistmobile is parked in a deserted lay-by near the river.
text: Dave rides up, hops off his bike and puts on his mask as he
text: approaches. Chris, in full Red Mist costume, opens the door.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 141 INT. THE MIST MOBILE. CONTINUOUS. 141
text: Dave slides into the passenger seat - coat still on.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Serious and urgent had better mean
dialog: serious and urgent, dude. I
dialog: promised my girlfriend I was
dialog: through with all this.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How about us both being fucking
dialog: dead? That serious enough for ya?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Dead how?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Like how it turns out those dead
dialog: guys had some bad mother-fuckers
dialog: for friends, and they think we did
dialog: it. There’s a price on our heads.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: A price on our heads? What is this,
dialog: the wild west?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I’m not messing with you, man. They
dialog: found out where I live. They
dialog: trashed my place. I’m fucked. And
dialog: you'll be next. That guy you
dialog: mentioned... The guy you thought
dialog: did it? You said you figured he was
dialog: on our side. You think he can help?
text: Dave thinks. Sighs. Then uses his cell to get the Kickass web
text: page. Chris watches as Dave keys in: Kickass is on vacation.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s your plan?! Like they’re
dialog: gonna go “aw shoot, he’s on
dialog: vacation, let’s just forget it
dialog: then”?! What the fuck!?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Dude... Calm down.
scene_heading: 142 INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. NIGHT. 142
text: Mindy is on her laptop. Damon studies an open packing crate.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: If I didn’t know you better, Daddy,
dialog: I'd say you were just looking at
dialog: that thing for the hell of it now.
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Just checking it one more time.
dialog: You gotta admit, it’s pretty cool.
text: From the laptop, an ELECTRONIC ALERT sounds. Damon looks up.
speaker_heading: DAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Kickass?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I think... Yep... Looks like he
dialog: just triggered the emergency
dialog: protocol you set up.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Tell him to go to safehouse B.
dialog: We’ll meet him there.
scene_heading: INT. THE MIST MOBILE. NIGHT. 143
text: Chris studies the screen on Dave’s phone.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Do you know where that is?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll put it in the Sat-nav.
text: Chris looks anxiously over his shoulder and starts the car.
scene_heading: INT. SAFEHOUSE - CORRIDOR. NIGHT. 144
text: The run-down corridor of a faceless apartment block. Chris
text: and Dave (still wearing his duffle-coat) ring a doorbell.
scene_heading: INT. SAFEHOUSE. NIGHT. 145
text: The door swings open and Dave and Chris step in to be greeted
text: by Damon, in his Big Daddy costume.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Well, here you are. And Red Mist,
dialog: too. Pleasure to meet you.
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: Big Daddy.
text: Chris and Damon shake hands, and the boys follow Damon into
text: the main room, where Mindy sits on the sill of the open
text: window, looking out. She turns back, a little concerned.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Daddy...
dialog: 146
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: Manners, honey.
text: Obediently, Mindy hops off the window sill.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (extending her hand)
dialog: I’m Hit Girl.
text: She extends her hand but, before she can even walk over,
text: before we even realize what’s happening, Chris has pulled a
text: GUN. He shoots Mindy three times - BAM BAM BAM - and she
text: tumbles backwards, out of the window.
dialog: Hit Girl is no more.
text: Dave freezes in shock; Damon gives an animal howl of horror.
text: And now Chris holds the gun shakily to Damon's head.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Don’t move, motherfucker.
text: The door behind them is kicked open and EIGHT GOONS rush in.
text: Two grab Damon, two grab Kickass and within seconds they’re
text: both on the ground, cuffed and gagged.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: No, not Kickass! He’s with me!
speaker_heading: SPORTY GOON
dialog: Forget it, kid. I don’t follow
dialog: orders from no one but your daddy.
dialog: These guys are going with me, and
dialog: you're going home with him.
text: He indicates Scary Goon, who seizes Chris by the arm. And
text: they’re out of the door with Damon, Dave and Chris in tow.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Shit! No!
text: The Scary Goon holds him back as the others hustle on ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. SAFEHOUSE. NIGHT. 146
text: The goons bundle Damon and Dave into the back of a VAN.
text: Nearby, Scary Goon pushes a fighting Chris towards a LIMO.
text: Seeing Dave in the van, Chris shouts over to him, distraught.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I didn’t mean for this to happen, I
dialog: swear!
dialog: (to Scary Goon)
dialog: Let me go with them, I have to tell
dialog: them not to hurt Kickass!
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SCARY GOON
dialog: Just get in the goddamn car or your
dialog: dad is gonna hurt both of us!
text: Chris struggles as Scary tries to push him into the backseat
text: of the limo. In the scuffle, Chris’s mask comes off.
text: We see Dave’s reaction. Then Sporty slams the van door shut.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. BURNT-OUT WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 147
text: Damon and Dave are tied to chairs in the eerily charred
text: warehouse. The former calm. The latter sobbing. There is
text: PLASTIC SHEETING on the floor, and hanging behind them. In
text: front of them is a DV CAMERA on a tripod.
text: Nearby, Baby Goon hands out SUPER-VILLAIN MASKS. Sporty Goon
text: looks at his in disgust.
speaker_heading: SPORTY GOON
dialog: The fuck is this? I meant, like
dialog: balaclavas or something!
speaker_heading: BABY GOON
dialog: I just thought these would be fun.
speaker_heading: SPORTY GOON
dialog: Fun?!
speaker_heading: BABY GOON
dialog: You know, they’re like superheroes,
dialog: so we could be -
speaker_heading: SPORTY GOON
dialog: Just get me some fucking
dialog: balaclavas! Or anything! Now!
speaker_heading: BABY GOON
dialog: Can I still wear mine?
scene_heading: 148 INT. PENTHOUSE - STUDY. NIGHT. 148
text: Chris is here, also on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: We had a deal, dad. We had a
dialog: fucking deal that I’d get you the
dialog: guy who did it. All I’m asking is
dialog: to let Kickass go! He didn’t do
dialog: anything wrong!
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Chris, you gotta look at it my way:
dialog: I wanna send out a little public
dialog: service message to warn the people
dialog: out there that being a superhero is
dialog: hazardous to your health. And the
dialog: big motherfucker? Nobody's ever
dialog: heard of him. For all Joe Schmo on
dialog: the street knows, he’s not even a
dialog: real superhero.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: But that’s not fair!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Life’s not fair, kid. Get over it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What are you gonna do to them?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Shut up and watch.
text: He indicates his computer SCREEN. On it is a DIGITAL CLOCK,
text: counting backwards from 5 minutes. And a graphic saying:
text: KICKASS IS RETIRING! HIS FINAL APPEARANCE - LIVE.
text: We pull back to find...
scene_heading: INT. TV NEWS STUDIO. NIGHT. 149
text: ...that the graphic is now on a monitor behind a NEWS ANCHOR.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: ...the exact nature of the
dialog: broadcast, but as word-of-mouth
dialog: continues to spread, internet
dialog: providers are predicting that it
dialog: could be the most-widely viewed
dialog: live event in web history.
text: We pull back from the news studio to find...
scene_heading: INT. COMIC STORE. NIGHT. 150
text: ..-It is playing on the TV in the comic store. Todd, Marty,
text: the other kids and store employees are crowded round in rapt
text: anticipation. Many are logged onto the site on their phones.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE DEPARTMENT. NIGHT. 151
text: A large number of COPS, including Marcus and Gigante, are
text: gathered around the TV and computers, curious.
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. NEEDLE EXCHANGE. NIGHT. 152
text: Katie sits behind the reception, looking at the site on a
text: computer, a little uneasy. Nearby a TV runs the news, watched
text: by the waiting junkies, except those who are nodding out.
text: ON THE SCREEN: The countdown reaches zero. The graphic is
text: replaced by a live feed. Kickass and Big Daddy, captive.
text: Katie lets out a shriek of pure distress.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC STORE. NIGHT. 153
text: As one, the kids and store employees react in abject shock.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 154
text: The goons crowd menacingly around their captives. All in
text: balaclavas except Baby, who wears the supervillain mask.
text: Sporty steps forward and addresses the camera.
speaker_heading: SPORTY GOON
dialog: Uh... I think y’all know who this
dialog: guy is. And this guy here, his name
dialog: is Big Daddy. And what Kickass and
dialog: Big Daddy are gonna demonstrate
dialog: today, kids, is why trying to be a
dialog: hero is a bad idea.
text: The goons, armed with BATS and BLUNT WEAPONS, move in.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE DEPARTMENT. NIGHT. 155
text: As one, the crowd of cops wince. Marcus reacts in dismay.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.)
dialog: +..-mean we are unable to continue
dialog: broadcasting these images...
scene_heading: INT. COMIC STORE. NIGHT. 156
text: The kids are glued in stark horror. Some unable to look, most
text: unable to look away. A few of the girls start crying.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.)
dialog: ...and those who are logged on to
dialog: the site are strongly advised...
speaker_heading: MATHLETE
dialog: Woah! Cool!
text: The crowd bays at him to shut up.
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: gl.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. NIGHT. 157
text: Chris gets up in disgust and walks out, slamming the door.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I hate you!
scene_heading: INT. NEEDLE EXCHANGE. NIGHT. 158
text: Katie, her face streaked with tears and eye-makeup, leans
text: over the desk and screams at the junkies.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Please! Someone just turn it off!
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.)
dialog: ...appears the fantasy story that
dialog: captured America’s imagination may
dialog: have what looks to be a tragic
dialog: ending.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 159
text: Sporty Goon holds up his hand for the others to stop the
text: beating. Dave and Damon slump forward, breathing unevenly.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Even with my metal plates and my
dialog: fucked up nerve endings, I’ve gotta
dialog: tell ya: that hurt.
speaker_heading: SPORTY GOON
dialog: Gentlemen? Time to die.
text: He produces a can of GASOLINE, and begins to douse them.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: But not half as much as the idea of
text: leaving everything behind. Katie.
dialog: My dad. Todd and Marty. And all the
dialog: things I’d never do. Like learn to
dialog: drive. Or see what me and Katie’s
dialog: kids would look like. Or find out
dialog: what happened in Lost.
text: Sporty produces a ZIPPO and flicks it open.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And if you’re reassuring yourself
dialog: that I’m gonna make it through this
dialog: since I’m talking to you now, quit
dialog: being such a smart ass. Hell dude.
dialog: You never seen Sin City? Sunset
dialog: Boulevard? American Beauty?
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF. NIGHT. 160
text: Close on THREE BULLET HOLES. A little finger pokes them. We
text: pull back to find: Mindy. The top of her costume hiked up so
text: she can examine her kevlar vest.
text: She shrugs, pulls her costume back down and reaches round to
text: the back of her utility belt. She produces a small package.
text: On it is written: FOR EMERGENCIES ONLY.
text: She tears it open. She pulls out a piece of PAPER that reads:
scene_heading: IF ANYTHING HAPPENS TO ME, CALL MARCUS. 212 555 7407
text: Then she pulls out: a syringe. She plunges it into her arm.
text: Close on Mindy’s eye. Her pupil dilates, a black vortex.
text: She puts on a pair of NIGHT VISION GOGGLES and - like a small
text: colorful, deadly tornado - she leaps down from the roof.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 161
text: The zippo lighter touches Damon. At once he’s in flames.
text: A small hand hits a light switch. And everything goes black.
text: Dimly lit by the screaming Damon, alight, we can see the
text: goons look to one another in puzzlement.
text: Seconds later, Hit Girl is all over them. We cut between her
text: night-vision POV and the eerily beautiful darkness
text: illuminated by her burning father as, one by one, she slices
text: and dices the hoods into submission. She’s taking a few hits,
text: sure, but she appears to be utterly oblivious to them.
text: Last man down, Mindy runs to Damon and beats out the flames.
text: All is black now. We hear footsteps as she runs to the light.
text: ON A COMPUTER SCREEN: The dark image of the room lights up.
text: The tripod must have been knocked during the fight, so what
text: we see now is several dead goons and, in the corner of the
text: frame, a shocked - but very alive - Kickass.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 162
text: Mindy pulls a gun from her belt and levels it at the camera.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Show’s over, motherfuckers.
text: BAM. It explodes into pieces.
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE. NIGHT. 163
text: On several dozen phone screens, the image goes BLACK. The
text: store erupts in celebration. What the hell just happened?
scene_heading: INT. POLICE DEPARTMENT. NIGHT. 164
text: Confusion and noise. Gigante and Marcus both look shaky.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.)
dialog: ...exactly what happened, but it
dialog: would seem that Kickass, at least,
text: is alive.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. NIGHT. 165
text: Frank stares at the TV, catatonic with incredulity.
scene_heading: INT. NEEDLE EXCHANGE. NIGHT. 166
text: Katie reacts with near-hysterical relief. In sharp contrast
text: to the junkies, who continue to stare impassively.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. NIGHT. 167
text: Blinking in the light, Mindy runs to Damon. But as her steps
text: slow and her face falls, we surmise that the sight greeting
dialog: her isn’t good. And we're right: we need no medical degree to
text: make a grim prognosis for the thoroughly fried Damon.
speaker_heading: DAMON
dialog: So proud of you, baby. I love you.
text: He closes his eyes. His eyelids are the only things that
text: aren’t burned. Mindy plants a gentle kiss on one of them.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I love you too Daddy. Sleep tight.
text: And he’s gone. Her face set in a brave show of stoicism,
text: Mindy moves briskly to the traumatised Dave and unties him.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s get the hell outta here.
scene_heading: EXT. DAMON’S CAR. NIGHT. 168
text: Mindy and Dave arrive at the car. Dave has removed his mask.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I... I can’t drive.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I can. Get in.
scene_heading: 169 INT. DAMON'S CAR. NIGHT. 169
text: The two drive through Manhattan, battered and shell-shocked.
text: Mindy can barely see over the wheel.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What’s your name? I mean, your real
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: MINDY
text: A superhero never reveals his true
dialog: identity.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Look, you can’t... However you
dialog: lived before... It’s over. Is there
dialog: anybody else? Any other family, or?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Fuck you! I can take care of
dialog: myself. I saved your sorry ass!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: But I mean, what about money?
dialog: You've got to think long-term -
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I've got three million dollars ina
dialog: fucking suitcase! That long-term
dialog: enough for ya? Just leave me alone.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’m not going anywhere ‘til i know
dialog: you're okay. I owe you. If it
dialog: wasn’t for you, I'd be dead.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: And if it wasn’t for you, my dad
dialog: wouldn’t be.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (a painful beat)
dialog: .-..-And I owe it to him to look
dialog: after you. He wouldn’t have wanted
dialog: you to be on your own.
scene_heading: 170 INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. NIGHT. 170
text: The door opens into the dark. Mindy hits the light.
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 95.
text: The first thing they see, pinned to the wall, is the Hit Girl
dialog: and Big Daddy picture that Damon did for Mindy’s birthday.
text: They both stare at it. A sad, awkward moment.
text: Dave, holding MARCUS’S NUMBER, breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: We should call this number your dad
dialog: gave you.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Not now. I’1l do it later, okay?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Ok... Look, pack up whatever you
dialog: need. And we’ll go to my place.
dialog: I'll figure out something to tell
dialog: my dad when he gets back from his
dialog: night shift. I need to clean up?
scene_heading: INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE - BATHROOM. NIGHT. 171
text: It’s grimy. Dave rinses the blood from his face and hair.
scene_heading: INT. DAMON AND MINDY’S PLACE. NIGHT. 172
text: Like a tiny Rambo, Mindy begins to tool up, weighing up
text: RIFLES and HANDGUNS, sharpening KNIVES with a WATER STONE.
text: We intercut between her and Dave’s clean up until finally
text: Dave walks out of the bathroom to find Mindy fully tooled up,
text: and shoving additional WEAPONS into an OVERNIGHT BAG.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Woah. I meant, like pyjamas and
dialog: stuff. And clothes. You can’t...
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: You know what my dad would have
dialog: wanted? He would have wanted me to
dialog: finish what we started. And that’s
dialog: what I’m gonna do. You can try and
dialog: stop me. Or live. Your choice.
text: Dave looks around. Blueprints and plans. CCTV feeds on the
text: laptop. Picture of Frank, pinned to the wall by a shuriken.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Frank D’Amico?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I know who he is.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: My dad said Jersey City used to be
dialog: a real nice safe place to raise a
dialog: family. Then D’Amico started up his
dialog: little business enterprise. Flooded
text: the street with cheap drugs. Armed
text: the gangs. Bought-off the cops.
text: Dave squints at the CCTV footage on the laptop, then looks
text: over at the plans again. Mindy continues to assemble a gun.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: This is his place? All this
dialog: security? I don’t even see -
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Let him go, the whole thing starts
dialog: up again. New guys. New supplies.
dialog: All our hard work, wasted.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I know, but this plan of yours.
dialog: Even if there were ten of you -
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: My mom already died for nothing.
dialog: I’m not gonna let my dad die for
dialog: nothing too.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You can’t do this on your own. It’s
dialog: suicide.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Exactly. You wanna deal with owing
dialog: my dad? Then shut the fuck up and
dialog: pick your weapon.
text: Mindy opens the big crate. Dave gapes at its contents.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: That what I think it is?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Damn straight. Better start reading
dialog: the instructions, cos you’re gonna
dialog: be using it in about five minutes.
text: Dave picks up his duffle coat and his mask. He looks at both.
text: Then he puts on his coat and shoves the mask in the pocket.
text: He shakes his head at her sadly.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I'd do anything to bring your dad
dialog: back, if I could. Anything. But
dialog: nothing will. And if I...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: DAVE (CONT'D)
dialog: There are people back home who...
dialog: Hit Girl, I’m so sorry. I can’t do
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Some fucking superhero.
text: He shrugs helplessly, nothing he can say. She watches him go.
text: The camera tracks in to the laptop showing the CC TV feed. We
dialog: pull out again and find...
scene_heading: 173 INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - LIVINGROOM. NIGHT. 173
dialog: ..+.-The bodyguard - the one we first saw with Chris at the
text: comic store - watching the same images on D’Amico’s monitors.
text: Suddenly, the screens go DEAD. He reacts. What the fuck?!
scene_heading: 174 INT. D’AMICO’S APARTMENT BLOCK -LOBBY. NIGHT. 174
text: Posh Goon and ANOTHER GOON, on guard, look confused as Mindy -
text: innocent in her street clothes - stumbles in, crying.
speaker_heading: POSH GOON
dialog: Hey? What’s the matter?
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I lost my mommy and daddy.
text: Another hood steps forward and offers his cell.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER GOON
dialog: You wanna use the phone? You know
dialog: your phone number?
scene_heading: 175 EXT. ROOF TOP. NIGHT. 175
text: Dave stands on a rooftop, gazing out towards the Manhattan
text: skyline. No mask. But no duffle-coat either.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Had I ever been a real superhero?
dialog: The most I'd ever had to offer the
dialog: world was good intentions and a
dialog: slightly elevated capacity to take
text: a kicking.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: With no power comes no
dialog: responsibility.
dialog: (another )
dialog: Except... that wasn’t true.
text: Dave pulls on his mask. And he starts to run.
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
dialog: 98.
text: Faster and faster. Towards the edge of the building. He
text: reaches the edge... and this time, he doesn’t stop. He jumps.
dialog: There is no way he’s going to make it to the next rooftop, no
dialog: way anyone could make this jump. Dave begins to lose
text: momentum. He starts to drop...
text: ..-Until the JET PACK on his back kicks in. Dave swoops
text: upwards. He’s flying.
text: Dave soars. Over the water. Across New York. It’s beautiful.
text: From the streets and windows people gawp in delight.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - LOBBY. NIGHT. 176
text: Mindy unleashes hell as she wastes the goons in the lobby.
text: We intercut between her fight and Dave’s flight.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - ELEVATOR. NIGHT. 177
text: Mindy - still in her street clothes - pushes the button for
text: the penthouse and catches her breath. The door closes - then
text: jams. She looks down to see that it is blocked by the body of
text: Posh Goon. She boots him out of the way and the door shuts.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - HALLWAY. NIGHT. 178
text: The elevator doors slide open to reveal: Mindy in her Hit
text: Girl costume and utility belt. Ready to play.
scene_heading: EXT. D’AMICO’S APARTMENT BLOCK. NIGHT. 179
text: Dave is here. Swooping up the side of the building.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - HALLWAY. NIGHT. 180
text: The TWO GOONS guarding either side of the elevator are down.
text: But EIGHT MORE rush down the corridor towards Mindy.
text: She doesn’t move, but with jaw-dropping precision, employs
text: the contents of her utility belt. THROWING STARS, KNIVES and
text: GRENADES whistle through the air, taking down six hoods in
text: quick succession.
text: A MACHETE spins down the length of the corridor, neatly
text: decapitating a seventh.
text: The eighth looks behind him in dismay as he keeps running
text: towards Mindy, to discover that he’s now alone. When he turns
text: back, Mindy 1s right there in front of him, a small CROSSBOW
text: to his forehead. She grins and delicately lets it go. Thwack.
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 181
text: Mindy’s inside the apartment now, and YET MORE GOONS are
text: down, but two remain - Scary Goon, and the Bodyguard, also
text: armed. They open fire. She’s leaping around, absorbing the
text: hits in her bulletproof vest, until she trips and falls.
text: Scary Goon aims at her head... but he’s out of ammo.
speaker_heading: SCARY GOON
text: In the head! She’s wearing a
dialog: fucking vest!
text: The bodyguard raises his gun... but before he can shoot,
text: there’s an almighty smash from behind them as the GLASS
text: CONSERVATORY leading to the roof terrace explodes in a shower
text: of glass to reveal: Dave coming in to land, opening fire with
text: a machine gun in each hand. The recoil sends him tumbling
text: onto his back on the terrace. But he keeps shooting.
text: The bodyguard and Scary have barely had a chance to turn and
text: register before they get it in the back and go down cold.
text: Mindy’s smile lights up. Dave smiles back. Mindy limps over.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Gimme the guns?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: We’re out of bullets!
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: (sniggering)
dialog: Rounds. Ok. Only one to go, anyway.
text: She runs towards the corridor. Dave throws down the now-
text: useless guns and follows her.
text: Mindy reaches the first door, kicks it in. It’s a bedroom. We
text: see Angie, cowering in a corner. Mindy takes a step in when,
text: outside, we hear SIRENS. Her face falls.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: You called the cops.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I called the number. Your dad’s
dialog: friend. Told him to meet us. He -
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: He is the fucking cops.
text: In a hurry now, Mindy turns her back on Angie and runs on to
text: the next door, Dave racing to catch up. She kicks it open.
text: It’s Frank’s study. The motherlode.
dialog: 182
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. CONTINUOUS. 182
text: A beat, as Frank stands in the middle of the trashed study
text: and stares at Mindy. Dave catches up just in time to see
text: Mindy fly at him.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: You are so dead, you cocksucker.
text: With his martial arts skills, Frank is an alarmingly even
text: match for Mindy. Dave watches, frozen. This could go either
text: way. Dave moves to help, but finds himself held back by:
text: Chris. Still in his Red Mist costume, though without the
text: mask. Behind Dave, forcing him into an arm-lock.
dialog: Now we have two fights going on - Mindy vs. Frank and Dave
text: vs. Chris. The former a spectacular display of fighting
text: prowess, the second essentially a messy scrap between two
text: frightened kids in superhero costumes.
text: Just as it looks like Mindy is a goner, she regains the upper-
text: hand with breath-taking aplomb and sends Frank crashing
text: through the window, down 70 storeys to his death.
text: Chris stops fighting and howls in horror.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Your turn.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, wait please, I never... Please
dialog: don’t hurt me. I’m just a kid.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: So am I, and you fucking shot me!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Chris, you don’t have to be like
dialog: your Dad. You have a choice, you -
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How do you know my name?!
text: Before Dave can answer, Mindy has a knife to Chris’s throat.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Enough with the touchy-feely bull-
dialog: shit already.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No! Wait! Don’t!
text: It’s not this that stops her, however, but THE COPS. A
text: sizeable team of them, crashing in towards them, armed.
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: FIRST COP
dialog: Freeze! Police!
text: Chris and Dave put their hands up immediately. Mindy,
text: however, goes for a STUN GRENADE in her belt. Before anyone
text: has a second to react, it’s landed by the cops and gone off.
text: In the fog and confusion, Mindy grabs Dave’s hand. They run.
scene_heading: EXT. D’AMICO’S ROOF TERRACE. NIGHT. 183
text: Mindy helps Dave into the jet pack and puts her arms round
text: him. Just as the cops get to the terrace, the two take off.
text: One cop takes aim at them. Suddenly a shout from behind him:
speaker_heading: MARCUS (0.S.)
dialog: Hold your fire!
text: It’s Marcus. He smiles as he watches them disappear over the
text: horizon like Superman and a very tiny Lois Lane.
text: Finally he turns to go inside, the smile still on his face,
text: to find: Gigante, incandescent with anger.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: You'll go down for that, Williams!
dialog: Your ass is going straight to
dialog: tribunal! I’1l see to it myself.
text: Marcus grins and produces a framed photograph. He admires it.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Oh this is nice. You look awesome.
speaker_heading: GIGANTE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Just found this on D’Amico’s desk.
dialog: Isn't this a great shot, guys?
text: Marcus shows the picture around to the assembled cops, who
text: react in delighted shock. Gigante reels. He knows it’s over.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hope Frank D’Amico paid you well,
dialog: Gigante. You’re gonna be needing
dialog: one fine-ass lawyer.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. DAWN. 184
text: Dave and Mindy land on the roof of Mindy’s building.
dialog: 185
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: Thanks, Kickass. My dad would have
dialog: been proud of both of us.
text: Dave pulls his mask off meaningfully.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Dave. My name is Dave Lizewski.
speaker_heading: MINDY
dialog: I know that, dumbass.
text: A long pause. Then Mindy pulls off her mask, too.
speaker_heading: MINDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mindy Macready.
text: She holds out her hand, and they shake hands. It’s over.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL. DAY. 185
text: Mr. Lizewski’s car pulls up outside the school. Dave climbs
text: out and waves goodbye to him.
text: As Dave begins to walk, he turns around to see ANOTHER CAR
text: pull up. Driven by Marcus. In the passenger seat, Mindy.
text: Marcus hugs her and she hops out and runs over to Dave.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Mindy moved in with Marcus and he
dialog: enrolled her at my school - first
dialog: school she’d ever been to - on the
dialog: promise that I’d look out for her.
text: Before she reaches him, however, a BIG MEAN BOY and his THREE
text: CRONIES block Mindy’s path. He holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: BIG MEAN BOY
dialog: Hey. New kid. Lunch money. Now.
text: We cut to Dave’s concerned face. 0.S, there’s a scream.
text: When we cut back to Mindy, she’s once more trotting happily
text: towards Dave, waving, as if nothing has happened. In the
text: background a CONCERNED CROWD has formed a circle around
text: whatever carnage Mindy left.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Not that she needed me to.
text: Marty and Todd are sitting in the sunshine, reading comics.
text: Dave and Mindy join them, Mindy checking out the comics.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The guys never knew about what
dialog: happened. And Katie?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, besides being deeply relieved
dialog: that my superhero days were over,
dialog: Katie was the same as ever.
text: From the other direction, we see Katie walking over with
text: Erika and a slightly chubby, FLAMBOYANTLY-DRESSED GUY.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey everybody, this is Phil. He’s
dialog: new. Phil, this is everybody.
text: Marty, Todd, Dave and Mindy all wave their greetings.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: ---And I loved her for it.
text: Katie and the boy sit down with the group. Dave rests his
text: head on Katie’s shoulder. We’ve never seen him so contented.
text: In the foreground, TWO LABORERS walk past carrying the metal
text: detector archway away from the school.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But the world around us was
dialog: changing.
text: We pull back a little to see: the two gang kids from earlier,
text: peering into a parked car at the entrance to the school. A
text: FOXY WOMAN IN A SUPERHERO COSTUME walks towards them. They
text: nod at her shiftily and amble away.
text: We pull back further and see: the streets around the school
text: are patrolled by various other SUPERHEROES.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: People said I’d been the
dialog: inspiration for the others. But I
dialog: saw it differently.
text: We pull back further still, across the water, to Manhattan.
dialog: Here’s the Armenian Guy from the beginning, in his winged
text: suit, climbing up the fire escape of a building. There are
text: SUPERHEROES everywhere. Walking the streets. Running across
text: the cars in a traffic jam. Leaping across the rooftops.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: All I did was make a door into a
dialog: world I’d dreamed about since I was
text: a little kid. Now it was open. And
text: the world was coming out.
text: We pull upwards now, further and further back, ‘til the
text: superheroes are just brightly colored dots on the streets.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s how it looked to me. And I
dialog: liked what I saw.
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 104.
text: Just as we think it’s all over, the camera pushes through a
dialog: window into...
scene_heading: INT. D’AMICO’S PENTHOUSE - STUDY. DAY. 186
text: The study has been restored and redecorated, and there’s
text: someone sitting here with his back to us, admiring his
text: reflection in the glass-topped table.
text: The camera tracks round and we see: Chris. A crazy look in
text: his eyes, wearing a new, more menacing costume. He slips on
text: an evil-looking mask. Clearly a super-hero no more, now a
text: super-villain. He turns to stare down onto the street.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: A world full of superheroes, huh?
dialog: As a great man once said: “wait
dialog: ‘til they get a load of me”.
text: FADE TO WHITE.
speaker_heading: END 187
dialog: 
