dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Ww/
speaker_heading: eZ
scene_heading: TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: KILLER KLOWNS FROM OUTER SPACE
speaker_heading: KILLER KLOWNS
dialog: By
dialog: Charles Chiodo
dialog: and
dialog: Stephen Chiodo
dialog: Revised April 7, 1987
scene_heading: ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
scene_heading: TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ROMDSIDE OVERLOOK ~ NIGHT
text: A couple is sitting in the front seat of a car, they appear
text: to be making out, Passionately. We move closer and see CATRY,
text: fighting off her drunken boyfriend JOE LOMBARDO. She tries to
text: slap him, but he stops her and kicks her out of the car.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Tf wou don’t like it, get out and
dialog: walk,
text: Joe closes the door and starts the car.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Go ahead, get out of here. I don’t
dialog: want to drive with a drunken bum
dialog: like you anyway.
text: Joe peels out, kicking dirt and dust on Cathy. She curses
text: under her breath as he leaves her in the darkness.
text: In the distance behind her; a Pair of headlights appear and
text: move forward. Cathy turns and sees the lights approaching.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD ~ NIGHT
text: Joe is driving sown a winding mountainous raad, negotiating
text: the precarious curves recklessly. He 1s slightly intoxicated.
text: Joe lights up a cigarette and continues his Sioppy driving.
text: Feom the darkness behind hima Pair of headlights appear.
text: They loom up very quickly and begin to flash.
text: Joe gets annoyed and speeds up. The headlights speed up ana
text: tailgate threateningly clase. Joe waves the mysterious driver
dialog: to pass.
text: Instead the driver speeds up and rams Joe in the rear.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey, what the hell you doin’ man?
text: CRASH !! The musterious driver rems into him again. Joe is
text: furious and continues to wave the driver ta pass. The
text: Bursuing car speeds up and begins ta pass.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: The mysterious driver is pulling up along side. Joe picks up
text: a beer bottle. He is ready, waiting to see who the Griver is.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Pass me now.
text: The mysterious driver pulls up along side. Joe turns and sees
text: the MANIACAL SMILING FACE ef a HORRIBLE KLOWN driving next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Ohy Shit!
text: The klown is racing alongside Joe’s car in MID-AIR with two
text: floating headlights leading the way.
text: The klown lets out an eerie laugh and begins to Swerve his
text: non-existent vehicle into Joe’s car.
text: Joe is Jarred by the impact; narrowiy avoiding driving off
dialog: the road.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey man, what are you daing?
text: The klown is trying to push Joe’s car off the road.
text: Panicking, Joe accelerates.
text: A high speed chase ensues, with the klown slamming his body
text: into Joe’s car.
text: They approach a hairpin turn above a thausand foot drop. The
text: klown and the car are racing side by side.
text: With an evil smile, the klown smashes into Joe, sending his
text: Car careening over the edge, bursting into flames as it hits
dialog: the bottom.
text: From above, the klown leaks down at the fiery wreck. Crange
text: flames light up his evil face. His frozen maniacal smile
text: opens revealing a set of nasty, sharp teeth as he laughs.
text: Main title appears! KILLER KLOWNS FROM OUTER SPACE
scene_heading: EXT. BIG TOP BURGER ~ NIGHT 3
text: We move down from the night sky to a colorful neon sign with
text: a Happy clown face} BIG TOP BURGERS. We move down the sign to
text: a crowded hamburger joint with a tacky circus motif. The
text: inside is crowded with college students talking and eating;
dialog: it’s a popular hangout.
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP BURGER ~ NIGHT &
text: Inside, OFFICER CLIFFORD MCONEY a member of the local eolice
text: force, 15 carrying a cup of coffee; slowly working his way
dialog: throught the crowd of kids. +
scene_heading: ExT. BIG TOP BURGER — NIGHT 5
text: Mooney exits through the side door. He’s a forty-five wear
text: Old Vietnam veteran with a persecution complex. Abusive of
text: his authority, he has a self-righteous attitude that makes
dialog: him difficult to deal with. Now free from tne commation
text: inside, he pauses to sip his hot coffee.
text: A group of students wildly run past him, causing Mooney to
text: almost spill the hot liquid all Over himself. He looks back
text: at them distainfully.
text: Mooney sets into his police car. A group of four bikers rev
text: up their bikes and peel out of the Parking lot. Mooney pulls out, *
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR — NIGHT é
text: Mooney Picks up the mike and calis in to the station.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
text: This is Mooney calling in.
speaker_heading: RADIC
dialog: Read you, what’s doing Cliff.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Nothing yet Dave, but Friday
dialog: night’s just starting. I’m heading
dialog: across town to the park. I’1] check
text: in later. Over.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN Crescent Cove~ NIGHT 7 *
text: Mooney pulls out of Big Top’s parking lst and cruises through
text: the town of Cresent (ve. It's a small seaside community with
dialog: not too much happening untill the local state school, Crescent
text: Cove College, is in session.
dialog: *
text: As Mooney patrols downtown we see the streets alive with
dialog: cullege students,
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION ~— NIGHT 8
text: Mooney stops at a red light. He turns and watches BOB MC .
text: DEVITTs a Cesont Gee strint with stylisn WHITE DESIGNER GLASSES, *
text: cross in front of him. He is carrying a brown paper bag with
text: a couple of six packs of beer in it.
text: As Bob passes Mooney he suspiously tries to hice his parcel.
dialog: bl
dialog: 10
dialog: 
dialog: Revised 4/7/87 -4-
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION - NIGHT 9
text: Mooney watches him closely. The light turns green and Mooney
text: drives off. .
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN MYERS DRUG STORE - NIGHT 10
text: We follow Bob as he walks to his Ford BRONCO parked in front
dialog: of Myers Drug Store.
text: At the Bronco he meets another male student with two co-eds.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Did you see that? Mooney the jerk
dialog: staring me down.
text: From his bag, Bob tosses a beer to his pal.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: That's all I need to start the Fall
dialog: semester. Let’*s get going the
text: party's waiting.
text: Bob hops in the front seat and drive off toward the hills
text: outside of town.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE WORLD - NIGHT il
text: A huge harvest moon is rising over Top of the World, the ‘
dialog: college students favorite “lover's lane".
text: The Bronco drives up, honking. We follow it as it pulls into
text: a secluded overlook where a group of college kids have parked
dialog: to party and makeout.
text: The music cranks up. Kids pile out and toss beers to their
text: pals in other cars.
speaker_heading: BOB ;
dialog: Hey, anybody seen Mike?
scene_heading: VOICE FROM CAR {0.S.} ‘
dialog: Yeah, I think he's around here somewhere.
text: We move across car after car of couples in various stages of
text: love making. Two lovers are sitting arm in arm on the wall.
text: Another couple are making out in their car.
text: We move to a more secluded section of the overlook and see a
scene_heading: RED PINTO STATION WAGON.
dialog: ~ wee tee
scene_heading: i2 INT. RED PINTO - NIGHT 12
text: In the front seat are MIKE TABACCO and DEBBIE HAYWOOD: Pierce
text: students on their first date.
text: Mike is twenty and majoring in graphic arts. He a charming
text: kind of guy, always flirting with the girls on campus.
text: Debbie is twenty and a transfer student to Crescent Cove in art a
text: education. She’s an attractive young lady, smart, snarp and
text: eager to experience anything new and exciting. Mike is in the
text: micdle of kissing Depbie. She isn’t fighting him off, but she
dialog: 1s the one whe breaks the kiss. —
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Hummmmmmm -- You've got me 4
dialog: making out like some high a
dialog: school girl.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You are really something.
text: Mike sneaks a glance at his watch.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (pleased with himself)
dialog: What can I say,» we were talking for
text: . so long, getting closer and closer.
dialog: } (Mike moves closer)
dialog: Until Gur lies were so close, they
dialog: Just had to meet.
text: Mike moves toward Depbie, his lips puckered. They kiss. From
text: tne radio “I'm in the Mod for loe" begins to play. The DS begins to *
dialog: speak Over the intro}
dialog: ou
dialog: (from radia)
dialog: We’re going ta have a change of
dialog: pace here with a dedication for
dialog: someone special unger the starry
dialog: might sky up at Top of the World. - *
dialog: Here’s an old time classic from
dialog: Mike to Debbie.
text: Debbie breaks the kiss and smiles at Mike.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I was wondering why you kept
dialog: looking at your watch. Pretty
dialog: impressive.
dialog: )
text: Debbie imitates
text: Mike turns away
text: sees a shooting
text: Debbie turns to
dialog: Mike sits backs
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (innocen*®1y>
dialog: —5-
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
dialog: Mike.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh yeah I don’t know what you’re
dialog: talking about.
dialog: (normal)
dialog: T can’t wait ta see what happens
dialog: next.
text: and then does a double taxe.
dialog: star.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Oh look! A shooting star.
text: look but misses it.
speaker_heading: MIKE
speaker_heading: Ccont)
text: Mike pretends he
dialog: Did you see it? Let’s make a wish.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: {suspiciousiy)
dialog: Nor I dian‘’t. You saw it.
dialog: (coaxing Mike on)
dialog: You make a wish.
text: thinks and smiles.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Humm, you know what I’d wisn for?
dialog: Something ta top off this evening.
dialog: Something to make it special, a
dialog: night we bath would rememper for a
dialog: long time.
text: Debbie is smiling. Mike leans towards Debbie, opens the glove
text: Compartment and pulls out two crustal glasses. He acts
text: Surprised. Debbie doesn’t know what to think. Then Mike
text: magically produces a cnilled bottle of champagne and a iit
dialog: candle.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: A perfect way to spend a romantic
dialog: evening under tne stars with you.
text: Mike pops the champagne, and pours into Debbie's
text: glass. The atmosohere is complete. Debbie
text: aware of Mike’s intentions, is charmed ta death Sy his
dialog: romantic flair.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Charming. I pet you do this with
dialog: all the new co-eds.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No, that’s not true.
text: Mike pours the champagne into his glass.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: Not all the new co-eds would think
dialog: this is charming.
text: They laugh and awkwardly move around in the front of the car.
text: Debbie shifts around uncomfortably; she’s cramped.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Sure, Just wisn I could stretch my
dialog: legs.
text: Mike’s eyes widen; smirks; he nas another idea.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I can fix that.
text: He reaches back, pulls a cordy a curtain opens and reveals an
text: inflated RUBBER RAFT lying in the back of his car. There are
text: heart shapeo satin pillows in raft. Debbie spits out a
text: mouthful of champagne and cracks up laughing.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (amused)
dialog: You’ve got ta be kicding me? This
dialog: isn’t a car, this is a sleazy adult
text: motel on wheels.
text: Mike starts climbing into the back. Debbie follows.
scene_heading: 13° INT. REAR OF RED PINTO - NIGHT 13
speaker_heading: @ DEBBIE
dialog: I can’t believe all this. You're
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (defending himself)
dialog: Hey» me and this raft have been
dialog: through a lot tagether.
text: They settle down into the raft.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I bet.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No, I mean out in the ocean. This
dialog: Past Summer me and my friends, the
dialog: Terenzi Bros. went sailing on this
dialog: stupid raft we bought at K-Mart. We
text: loaded up with cold cuts and beer
dialog: and paddled a couple of miles cut
text: to sea. Suddenly, a dense fog
dialog: rolled in and we lest sight of
dialog: (3 shore. The waves started tossing
dialog: @ , the raft around.
text: Debbie listens intently. Mike starts to toss the raft around.
text: Debbie giggles. Mike moves around more violantliy knocking
dialog: over the :ce bucket.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: We were taking on water, sc we
text: started bailing out the raft with
dialog: our plastic cups.
text: He begins to bail out the raft with a cup.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: Well somebody, I won’t say
text: wha...punctured the raft.
dialog: Tssssssss3s'! We were sinking. We
dialog: were all going to drown, if the
dialog: sharks didn’t get us first.
speaker_heading: . DEBBIE
speaker_heading: CN (amazed)
dialog: e What did you guys de?
dialog: bl
dialog: 14
dialog: a3
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
dialog: =9—
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Besides screaming. Not much, except
dialog: I gratbed a slice of baionay and
text: slapped it on the puncture.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: ° Why baloney?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Coz we ate all the salam:. Anyway,
dialog: it kept us afloat until the Coast
dialog: Guard came and saved us from 4
text: watery grave.
text: Debbie looks closer at the raft, it is covered with make—
text: shift patches. She laughs realizing the story is erobably
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: That sounds pretty incredible, do
dialog: you always have such death defying
dialog: exploits, Mr. Adventure?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: They don’t always start out to be
dialog: death defying, but sarehow...more chamacne?
text: Mike throws his hands up in the air. Mike continues, Debbie
text: hears some faint music. her eyes widen as she sees...
dialog: Cut To?
scene_heading: EXT. Top of the World ~ NIGHT 14
text: Coming from the darkness a huge shape rises over the hill
text: towards the Pinto.
text: It 13 a HUGE CLOWN. It’s head bobbing back and forth,
text: menacingly approaching the couple.
text: The music gets louder as the clown continues it’s approach.
text: The clown is now closer.
scene_heading: INT. RED PINTO - NIGHT i5
text: Debbie grabs Mike. Mike turns and sees:
dialog: bl
dialog: i?
dialog: i8
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
dialog: -i0-
scene_heading: ExT. Top of the World ’- NIGHT 16
text: Below the clown head are two blaring headlights. ‘he head bobs forward and fron the mouth:
speaker_heading: CLOWN
dialog: I’m Bobo the ice cream clown, with
dialog: the bestest ice cream in town.
dialog: We'll give you the stick, you give
dialog: it a lick and it will tickle you
text: all the way down.
scene_heading: INT. RED PINTO ~ NIGHT 17
dialog: Debbie is puzzled» she doesn’t know what tao make of it. Mike
text: starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: These guys! What the heli are they
dialog: doing up here?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: What’s going on? Who are those
dialog: idiots?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Those aren’t idiots. that’s the
dialog: Terenzi Bros.
scene_heading: EXT. Top of the World - NIGHT 19
text: The clown is an the roof af the Bobo Happytime Ice Cream
text: truck. Inside are RICH and PAUL TERENZI; Pierce students and
text: all around mischief makers. They are dressed in their white
text: ice cream uniforms. Paul hangs out the side with the
text: microphone in his hand. Rich drives the truck toward the
text: atner cars in the lovers lane.
speaker_heading: CLOWN? PAUL
dialog: (w.a.?
dialog: Ice cream, ice cream. We brought.
dialog: Qur goodies here to you. A tasty
dialog: treat for while you screw.
dialog: (From the back of the truck we
text: hear female giggles.)
text: Headlights sweep across the parked cars. One by one, the
text: disrupted lovers raise their heads annoyed at tne
text: interruption. The truck stops and Paul gets out.
dialog: -li-
speaker_heading: CLOWN / PAUL
dialog: {v.0.?
dialog: Let’s take a break, cool off those
dialog: hot lips with cur tasty frozen
text: fruity bars, icy wiceys, fudgey
dialog: wudgey bars, and everyone's
dialog: favorite frozen delight, the Big
dialog: Stick.
text: (More giggles from the truck.)
text: The lovers start screaming obscenities at the ice cream
text: vendors. Some heads pop up from the cars.
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM CAR
dialog: Get outta here you morons!
speaker_heading: CLOWN / PAUL
speaker_heading: (weGe.)
dialog: Oh yeah.
text: Paul turns to Rich, pleased with himself.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: That‘’s teliing him Paul.
text: More obscenities from the crowd.
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM CAR
dialog: Get lost you assholes!
text: Paul gets bombarded with beer cans.
dialog: Pau
dialog: (v.02)
dialog: Se you don’t want any ice cream...
dialog: (spiteful)
dialog: Well ywou’re not getting any!
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM CAR
dialog: We were getting it before you
dialog: showed up.
text: Paul dodges a beer can. He steps inside the truck; he leans
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (v.a.)
dialog: This is your last chance, dors
dialog: anybody want any ice cream?
text: The response is a storm of beer cans and obscenities.
dialog: bi
dialog: 13
dialog: |
dialog: Revised 4/7/87 ~12-
scene_heading: INT, ICE CREAM TRUCK - NIGHT 19
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Great idea Paul, everybody loves
dialog: ice cream.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What do you mean, it was your idea.
dialog: (whispers) 3
dialog: Why don't we park here for a while? ?
text: Two fat but cute girls emerge from the rear of the truck
text: holding popsicles. TRACY and STACY the pork chop twins.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Hey, what are you guys trying to
dialog: pull here?
speaker_heading: RICH i
dialog: Oh,’ well, we thought we'd park 1
dialog: here for a while? ‘
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: You said we could have all the ice
dialog: cream we wanted but you didn't say
dialog: anything about parking. 7
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Yeah, hey, what kind of girls do
dialog: you think we are?
text: Rich and Paul look at each other and wiggle their eye brows.
text: With wide grins;
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: I told you they weren't that
dialog: stupid.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: We want you boys to take us home
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: STACY
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Take it easy, Keep your shirt on.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Don't worry, we intend to.
text: The brothers look at each other and give in to the girls
dialog: demands.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE WORLD ~ NIGHT 20 7
text: The truck begins to pull away. Through the loudspeaker we
dialog: hear;
speaker_heading: RICH (¥.0.)
dialog: This worked cut just great.
speaker_heading: PAUL (v.a.}
dialog: Well don’t blame me, I didn’t want
dialog: to come here.
speaker_heading: RICH (v.02)
dialog: Anh, we drove all the way up here,
dialog: we didn’t sell any ice cream. How
dialog: we gonna pay for gas?
speaker_heading: PAUL (v.02)
dialog: Uh, IT don’t know. Do you want to
dialog: try the Drive-In? They love ice
text: cream at drive-ins.
speaker_heading: RICH (v.0.)
dialog: New, that’s dumb...maybe we could
dialog: sell some ice cream...what’s
dialog: Playing?
text: The ice cream truck drives away and heads back towards town.
scene_heading: 21 INT. PINTO ~ NIGHT 21
text: Mike and Debbie have been watching the entire scene from the
text: back of the Pinto. Mike is laughing, Deboie is strangely
dialog: amused.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Those guys.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: You hang out with them?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Theg’re my best friends at school.
dialog: Whenever I wanna go out and have a
dialog: good time, I call Rich and Paul. A
dialog: night out with them is a total
dialog: adventure.
text: Mike stops. He looks at Debbie, deeply, and moves closer.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: tcont?}
dialog: But why aw I talking about the
dialog: Terenzi Bros. when I would much
dialog: rather be kissing you.
dialog: \
speaker_heading: bl Revised 4/7/87
dialog: 14
text: Mike leans over and kisses Debbie. They break, embrace and
text: @ase down into the raft. They kiss deeply. They stop for a
dialog: Se breather and look ur at the stars.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: This is excellent.
text: A light streaks across Mike’s and Debbie’s face.
scene_heading: ZZ EXT. NIGHT SKY ~ NIGHT 22
text: @& huge SHOOTING STAR streaks across the sky above them and
text: lands with a tremendous crash over a hill nearby.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. TOP OF THE WORLD — NIGHT 22
text: Inside the back of the Bronco truck Bob McDevitt pops his
text: head up and puts on his white rimmed designer glasses.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Wow’ Check this out!
text: A pair of female hands come up and pull Bob’s head back down.
scene_heading: 24 j|.INT. RED PINTO ~ NIGHT 24
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: {really surprised)
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: fexcited>
dialog: Yeah I saw that one, I couldn’t
dialog: miss it, it was tremendous. I can’t
dialog: helieve how close it was. Let’s
dialog: check it out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No way, it’s a waste of time. It’s
dialog: thousands of miles away. We‘ll be
text: blowing the entire night.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (challenging?
dialog: Don‘t give me that. You saw it, it
text: landed over the hill near the water
dialog: tower. That’s not "thousands of
dialog: miles away".
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: ~1§=
dialog: Mike realizes the romantic moment 1s lost and he might nat
text: have a choice. Debbie challenges Mike.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (daring)
dialog: Come on, let’s find its... Mr.
dialog: Adventure.
text: Mike makes one final attempt.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You don’t want toa finish the
dialog: champagne?
text: Debbie chugs the champagne.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Finished. Let‘s go.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (unwillingly game)
dialog: We’re off.
text: Mike downs his drink. He and Debbie hap into the front seat
text: of the car and go racing off in the direction of tne crash
dialog: site.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK WOODS FARM HOUSE — NIGHT 25
text: Farmer GENE GREEN is standing on his front sorch with his
text: dog, Pooh-Bear. He has just seen the shooting star streak by
text: over head. He’s got a National Geographic magazine with
text: Halley‘s Comet on the cover in his hand.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: Well I’11 be goddamned! Did you see
text: that ol‘sky jockey zip down over
dialog: there, Pooh?
dialog: looks at magazine)
dialog: Halley’s comet has landed in our -
dialog: hackyard. We are gonna be rich.
text: Green runs in the house for a moment and comes out with a
text: shovel, a couple of buckets and a lantern. Farmer Green and
text: Pooh-Bear walk off into the darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS — NIGHT 26
text: Green and his dog are working their way through the under
text: brush. A mechanical whirring sound is heard up ahead.
text: Pooh-Bear starts barking.
dialog: bl
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: Revised 4/7/87 -18-
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: What's that? You hear that too
dialog: girl? Sounds like something's going
dialog: on up there.
text: Green and Pooh continue.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NIGHT 27
text: They come upon a clearing in the woods. Green looks out into
text: the field, shocked, he can't believe what he sees.
text: Standing before him, lit by the full moon is a multicolored
text: BIG TOP TENT about twenty feet high and three hundred feet
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: Well I'll be greased up and fried!
dialog: What in blue blazes is the circus
dialog: doing up in these parts.
text: (he looks down at Pooh)
dialog: I loves the circus. Come on, maybe
dialog: we can get some free passes.
text: Green happily walks towards the tent. Green gets closer and
text: comes upon a cable of purple lights that streches from the
text: ground to the tent.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: {cont}
dialog: Where is everybody? There's nobody
dialog: around. I don't know Pooh, something
dialog: is a bit peculiar around here.
text: Green approaches the tent.
scene_heading: EXT. CIRCUS TENT 28
text: He walks around t6éhe perimeter of the tent. Pooh follows
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: There‘s got to be some kind of
dialog: entrance here somewhere. Where's
dialog: the god damned ticket booth? How's
dialog: a person supposed to see the show?
text: As Green walks around, a shadow appears inside the tent and
text: follows him. Pooh looks back, curious. A YELLOW STREAK OF
text: LIGHT appears on the tent's surface and a slit mysteriously
text: appears.
speaker_heading: BL
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
dialog: =L7-
text: Funny klown hands holding @ huge DOG CATCHERS NET slowly
text: emerges. Pooh-Bear looks up, whimpers and is swept up in one
text: quick swipe. The slit closes. Farmer Green continuing his
text: search, notices Poch-Bear is missing.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: Pooh! Pooh~Bear! Where is that dog?
text: He backtracks to look for Pooh and nctices her kercheif by the tent.
text: He looks for some kind of opening in the tent. No
text: luck. He begins to bang on it, it clangs like a hollow stael
dialog: drum.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: Samething mighty funny’s going on
dialog: here.
text: He bends over and tries to go under the tent flap. He can’t
text: seem to find the battom of the flap. Green digs down into the
text: soft dirt and discovers the tent continues below the surface.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: What in tarnation is going on here?
text: Green kicks the tent with his foot. The tent echoes with an
text: empty tone and Green hops around in pain.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: Well goddamn, this thing is like no
dialog: tent I’ve evar seen. Where’s my
dialog: dog? Where’s my Pooh~Bear? Well
dialog: I’ll rip this dang thing apart with
dialog: my bare hands!
text: Green is angry now. He grabs one of the support cables ana
text: Pulls it. It emits large PURPLE SPARKS on contact. Farmer
text: Green is tossed about until he can break free.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: Shoot! This thing is wired!
text: His hands are smoking and he blows on them. Suddenly, a large
text: klown appears in tne foreground. Green, a little surprised,
text: sees the kiown and approaches him. As he comes closer Green’s
text: eyes fill with fear. Something is horribly strange. The klown
text: snarls. Green crpens his mouth to scream as an eerie PINK
text: LIGHT shines on him with haunting caliope music.
dialog: 29
dialog: 35
dialog: 
dialog: ~1a-
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS BACKROAD - NIGHT 29
text: Mike and Debsie are driving through the woods on back airt
text: road. They are looking for familiar Landmarks.
speaker_heading: DEEBIE
dialog: Try down there. Isn’t this near
dialog: Farmer Green’s field?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah, how diag you know that?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: During Summer Orientation,
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I had some adventures of my own.
dialog: The water tower is down there. I
dialog: think.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE WOODS 30
text: The Pinto drives up to gate stretched across the road and
text: stops. Mike and Debbie get out of the car, their passage is
text: blocked, they must continue on foot.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We‘ll have to walk from here.
text: Mike scans the area, sniffs the air like an Indian tracker.
text: Debbie is amused by Mike’s antics.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: finJjun talk)
dialog: Humh, if my instincts are correct;
dialog: (beat)
dialog: our path lies that way.
dialog: (Mike points)
dialog: We must travel many moons. Manus
dialog: Many, Manus
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Enough already with the moons.
text: Lead the way, Chief Running-at—the—
dialog: mouth.
text: Mike and Debbie begin to walk into the woods. Mike stops and
text: turns back.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Oh, wait a minute I forgot
dialog: something.» »
dialog: 3a
dialog: ~L9~
text: Mike opens the trunk and reaches in.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: More champagne?
speaker_heading: RIKE
dialog: I think this will come in handy.
text: Mike pulls cut a HIGH TECH FLASHLIGHT.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: You certainly are prepared for
dialog: anything, Mr. Adventure.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: T used to be a cub scout...
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Till I got kicked out.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Reallys why?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I got caught eating brownies.
text: Mike grabs Debbie and gives her a sexy bite on the neck.
text: Debbie takes a swing at him. Mike runs and they disappear
text: into the woods laughing.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT SL
text: They are walking in the woods, Mike is leading the way.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: It’s a good thing we have this
dialog: flashlight, otherwise it would be
dialog: real scary.
text: They walk a few more steps and the light goes out. They are
text: left stancing in the dark.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: What are you doing? Stop fooling
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Don’t tell me you're afraid of the
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Okay I won’t. I’m allergic to it.
dialog: -20-
text: The light pops on and begins ts flash, on and off. Debbie
dialog: Pleads.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Bike, cut it out!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Damn! It’s this stupid flashlight,
text: it’s stuck in the emergency flasher
dialog: eode.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh great! Why now?
text: The couple stumbles through the darkness, only making
text: Progress when the light is on. They laugh a bit but Debbie
text: soon gets annoyed.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: cont)
dialog: Great flashlight! Did you buy that
dialog: at K-Mart too?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Well at least we have a light. Can
dialog: you imagine how dark it would be
text: without any light at all.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh na.ee
text: The light goes out and doesn’t come back on. They stop
text: walking. Silence.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Uh oh.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Mike, don’t be an idiot! Stop .
text: Jerking arounc with the flashlight.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Tt’s really dead now! Don’t worry,
dialog: I’m over here. Take my hand.
text: Debbie reaches for him. We hear a slap in the carkness.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: You little jerk! That’s not your
dialog: hand. [’11 kill yous when I can see
dialog: you.
dialog: 
text: Mike doesn’t answer, Debbie is alone.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: «cont)
dialog: Mikes, don’t do this to me.
dialog: (trying to maintain composure?
dialog: Get back here.
text: It’s pitch Bleck, suddenly Mike appears behind Debbie,
text: underlit by his flashlight.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (deep spooky voice?
dialog: Good evening! Has ha, ha.
text: Debbie turns, startled.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: tannoyed)
dialog: You just lost major points, mister.
dialog: (she turns her back on him)
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Aw come on Deb. It was a dumb joke.
text: Debbie doesn’t respond. Mike throws his arms up in surrender
text: and walks toward Debbie.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: LooksI‘m sorry, it wasn’t funny.
text: Mike 90es to embrace her. Debdie whirls around with a Hulk
text: Hogan maneuver and puts Mike in @ head lock, forearm smashes
text: to the jaw and neogies to the head.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (Mr. T style)
dialog: Dor’t be messing with my heads
dialog: sucka.
text: She throws Mike down and pins him with her knees on his
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (Mr. T style)
dialog: You ain’t gonna get off so easy
dialog: next time. Fooool!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Gkays okay, I give up.
text: Mike laughs, Debbie kisses him deeply. Once, twice. Mike is
text: 4 ready. Debbie is distracted by a sound beyond the trees. 4
text: e Pulsating HUMM. She stops.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Don’t stcp now. I‘m hat.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Do you hear that?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It’s only the beating of ay heart.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No really, there’s something over there.
text: Mike rises quickly; looks toward the sound.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: Could be our shooting star.
text: They look at each other, get up and go towards the sound. The
text: couple work their way through the woods.
scene_heading: — 32 EXT. CLEARING — NIGHT 32
text: @ Mike and Debbie emerse from the underbrush to a clearing and
text: Stop, amazed. Their mouths drop open. eyes widen and they
text: stand motionless. Before them looms the Big Top tent.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: That’s no shooting star. It looks
dialog: like a.se
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (she finishes his thought?
dialog: Circus tent!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What is a circus doing ail the way
dialog: aut here? This is a bad location
dialog: for a show.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (visibly upset)
dialog: Let’s get out of here. Something is
dialog: wrong, this doesn’t feel signt.
dialog: Weren‘t we looking for the shooting
dialog: star.
dialog: wl
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Forget the ghooting star, this
dialog: looks n@at. Let’s check this out.
dialog: Come an.
text: Debbie coesn’t move.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No, let’s go back. I’ve seen
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: There’s nobody around. I’m gonna
dialog: take a closer look. You can stay
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: élone?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Well, would you be more scared if
dialog: you came with me or I left you
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: If you left me here. Let’s go.
text: They walk towards the tent.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT - NIGHT
dialog: Mike and Debbie
dialog: for an entrance.
text: arrive at the tent. They walk around,
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: This reminds me of the night, me
dialog: and the Terenzi Bros. tried to
dialog: sneak into the Dingling Bros.
dialog: Circus last fall. Rich crawled
text: under the tent flap and all of a
dialog: sudden we heard these dogs growling
dialog: and Rich screaming for help. We
text: lifted the flap and saw Fifi and
dialog: the dancing dogs doing the dirty
dialog: beagie on him. Everytime Rich tried
dialog: to get away the dogs growled and
text: snapped at him. It was hysterical.
text: Debbie starts to smile.
dialog: looking
dialog: _23—
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: They had their way with hia.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Rich has very fand memories of the
dialog: circus.
text: Walking around the tent, they laugh together quietly sa they
dialog: won’t be discovered.
text: On another side of the tent, a YELLOW STREAK of light traces
text: a doorway in the canvas, revealing an opening.
text: & klown carrying a FISHING POLE exits from the tent.
text: Mike and Debbie come around just in time ta see the kiowns
text: walking away.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Wow, did you se@ that clown? This
dialog: is great.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (reluctantiy)
dialog: Yeah right.
text: Debbie feels uneasy. Mike jumps to opening.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No one is around, you want ta check
dialog: it out.
text: Mike enters. Debbie hesitates.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No! We better not, he might come
dialog: back.
text: Mike pops his head out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: fexcited)
dialog: Debbie, you're gonna love this.
dialog: (taunts)
dialog: Come on. Den’t be a baby. Clowns
dialog: are funny. What are they gonna do?
dialog: Tickle us to death?
dialog: e.
dialog: eo.
text: Debbie moans, not wanking to be a kill joy. she reluctantiy
text: follows.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: funder her breath)
dialog: Gh shite
text: Mike takes Debbie by the hand and they disappear into the
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP CORRIDOR — NIGHT 34
text: The couple is walking cauticusly through a darkened corridor,
text: in and out of pools of colored lights. The corrider gradually
text: brightens as they proceed.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: What kind of circus is this?
text: As they continue the light gets brighter and we see the walls
text: have a multi-colored candy striped pattern on them.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
text: Looks like Liberaci‘’s playroom...
speaker_heading: MIKE |
dialog: No, noy this is that new wave
dialog: European circus fantastique.
text: Mike is into it, he plays a sideshow barker in this bizarre
text: circus. He dances around.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hurry, hurry step right up, see the
dialog: Circus Bizzaro.
text: Debbie begins to relax, she nervously giggles at Mike’s
text: antics. She follows. As the circus barker, Mike continues.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: Come one, come ali; step eight uP.
dialog: little lady don’t be shy; don’t be
dialog: stupid, come see the Tina the
dialog: talking Turnip. See the living
dialog: Mickey Mouse. See the incredible
dialog: Ms. 50/50; half man half women, the
dialog: perfect double date.
text: Debbie can’t help But laugh at Mike’s insanity.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (cont?
dialog: That’s it my little lady, step
dialog: right up and see GUMBO, the
dialog: Toothless Elephant; and folks,
dialog: right over here, See Belinda, *he
text: Bulimic Wonder. Watch her binge and
dialog: purge before your very eyes.
text: Debbie tries to stifle her laughing.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Mike, keer it down somebody will
dialog: cateh us.
text: Mike quiets down.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Okay» ckay. Isn’t this place great!
dialog: It must have been decorated by Bazo
dialog: the Clown.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I don’t know, that clown, it gives
dialog: me the creeos.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Didn’t you want to run away and
dialog: Join the circus when you were
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Not me, I wanted to run away FROM
dialog: the circus.
text: Mike listens intently.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (curiously?
dialog: Really, how come?
text: Debbie takes a deep breath and reflects seriously.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I was five years old. My mom and
dialog: dad took me to the circus for the
dialog: first time.
dialog: (nervousiy)
text: The lion tamers, the acrobats, the
dialog: tight rope walkers. I guess it was
dialog: okay.
dialog: (more)
dialog: e,
dialog: -27~
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But then, this little car drove up
text: and stopped right in front of me.
dialog: Out came this huge clown! He jumped
dialog: ever to me and lifted me cut of my
text: seat. Everybody was laughing.
text: Fiixe listens intently.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (cant)
dialog: He threw me on fis shoulders and
dialog: yan aut into the center ring. I was
text: petrified. Then other clowns began
text: to dance around, honking harnsy
text: squaaking their noses at me. Their
text: caky white faces with yellow eyes
text: and dingy teeth, tormenting me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It was terrifying. §’11 never
dialog: forget those horrible smiling faces
dialog: as long as I live.
text: Mike is watching Debbie’s face. She is genuinely disturbed
dialog: about clowns.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Den‘t worry, notning in here is
dialog: going to hurt wou.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: How much further do you want to go?
text: Mike turns and looks down the corridor.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Let‘s just gc to the end of this
dialog: hall, to those doors.
text: They walk a little further and come to three doors; one in
text: front and one door on either side af the corridor. Mike goes
text: into another routine.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (ala “Let’s Make a Deal")
dialog: Okay Debbie which door co you
dialog: cheese? Door #1 or Door #2 or Door
dialog: a3?
dialog: o>
text: Mik@’s tooling around eases Debbie's fear, she plays alang.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh gee Monty, I think I‘1ll take
dialog: door number Z noi... no 4 no 2.
dialog: Oh Monty, Monty, Monty.
text: They both laugh, Mike fumbles, looking for a way to cpen the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Perhaps you shouid have gone for
dialog: what was in the box.
text: Mike hits a button. WHOOOSH. A rush of air surges as the door
text: suddenly opens. Their expression changes from laughter to
text: awe. They step through.
dialog: Cut Tas
scene_heading: INT. SPACESHIP POWER CHAMBER — NIGHT 33
text: Mike and Debbie are standing in the doorway Overlooking a
text: cavernous power facility that spirals hundreds of feet below
text: them. From the depths, spinning turbines powered by what
text: seems to be a HUGE GUMBALL MACHINE generate an enormous .
text: amount of energy. The couple is dwarfed by the vastness of
text: the interior. They are dumfounded. Debbie grabs Mike’s arm as
text: they peer out over the eoge.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: This is no funhouse.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Yeah and it’s no circus either.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I can’t believe it, sco what is it a
dialog: fMuclear power plant?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Military base?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Missile Sila?
dialog: \
dialog: 
dialog: 3é
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Ne!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Recycling plant?
text: Debbie pulls Mike Oack through the door.
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP CORRIDOR ~ NIGHT
dialog: 36
text: Debbie throws Mike against the wall.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No, Mike, The shooting star!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Debbie grabs Mike shoulder and holds him close.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: The shaoting star we were looking
dialog: for... we're in it!
text: The sound of footsteps. Mike and Debbie freeze, someone is
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: DEBEIE
dialog: What’s that?
text: They look down the corridor.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I don’t know but it’s coming our
dialog: way.
text: Shadows stretch across the corridor floor approacning them.
text: In a panic, they search for a way out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Debbie, door number 1.
text: Mike opens the door and pushes Debbie into the next room. The
text: door slams shut behind them.
scene_heading: INT. COCOON ROOM — NIGHT 37
text: Mike and Debbie enter a long meat lacker type room.
text: Everywhere are Doctor Suess type contraptions. A weird
dialog: storage facility.
text: Suspended from the c@iling are a number of FOUR FOOT FINK
text: COCOONS. They seem tc be made of a pink fibrous material
text: reminiscent of cotton candy. The couple relaxes safe fram
text: immediate danger. They move through the room.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: How we gonna get out of here?
text: Mike surveys the situation. He notices a sweet syrupy scent
text: permeating the air.
speaker_heading: MIME
dialog: What kind of Place is this?
text: Mike sniffs.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: {eont)
dialog: It smells like candy in here. I
dialog: don’t know what we saw out there
dialog: but this looks like a cotton candy
dialog: factory.
text: Debbie looks at him. She can’t believe he would think of
dialog: anuthing so stupid.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (serious)
dialog: No it’s not. Don’t you realize
dialog: where the hell we are? I ‘ve never
dialog: seen anything like this before,
dialog: wou’ve never seen anything like
dialog: this before. No one has! { don’t
dialog: believe in UFO’s, but if they are
dialog: real, we’re trapped in one now!
dialog: Mike
dialog: That’s too weird. That’s National
dialog: Enquirer stuff. Just calm down,
dialog: there’s got to be a logical
dialog: explanation for this.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: This isn’t what you think it is.
text: Debbie walks over tc the cocoon and takes a closer look.
speaker_heading: DEBRIE
dialog: This isn’t cotton candy. Nobody
dialog: stores cotton candy like this.
text: Mike, in an effort to calm Debbie‘’s fears, reaches over and
text: tears a chunk from the cocoon.
dialog: 
dialog: “Sin
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Look, Debbie ya see.
dialog: (holding it to his lips)
dialog: I’1l show ya.
text: Mike ig about to put the pink substance into his mouth when
text: Debbie looks at where he tore the piece from.
text: Inside the cocoon, frozen in a death grimace, is a CANDY
scene_heading: COATED FARMER GREEN.
text: Debbie screams. Mike sees Green and spits the stuff from his
text: mouth. They huddle together. Scared.
text: Saunds of samething at the door. The couple run and hide
dialog: behing some weird machinery.
text: The door opens and an EIGHT FOOT KLOWN lumoers in. Debbie is
text: about to scream when Mike hushes her with his hand over her
dialog: mouth.
text: The klown is carrying a cococn suspended from a futuristic
text: FISHING POLE. He hoists the cocoon up with the athers.
text: Mike and Debbie are trapped.
text: The klown moves to the opposite side of the room and begin to
text: orerate one of the odd machines.
text: Mike and Debbie watch in horror as the klown picks up a Dr.
text: Suess space age POPCORN GUN and begins to fill it with a
text: Papcorn like substance.
text: Mike and Debbie take this oprortunity to work their way out
text: the door, keeping the cocoons between themselves and the
text: klown. @s they get closer to the entrance they pass the
text: freshly hung cocoon.
text: Mike glances at it and recognizes the contorted body within.
text: Mike is shocked.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: That’s Joe Lombardo.
text: The klown perks nis ear up and turns to them. They’ve been
dialog: discovered.
text: Debbie jumes up and races for the door. Mike is right behind
dialog: her.
dialog: 
dialog: 39
dialog: 3a
text: The klown lets cut a horrifying SCREECH, picks up his weapon
text: anc moves toward them.
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP CORRIDOR ~ NIGHT Je
text: Mike and Debbie clear the doorway and bolt doen the corridor.
text: They run for their lives.
text: Behind them, the klown leaps into the corridor, RAMBO-STYLE
text: aims his wacky weapon and fires.
text: 4 barrage of POPCORN SPORES blasts down the corridor.
text: Mike turns around and sees the cloud overtaking them. He
text: Pushes Debbie faster.
text: The POPCORN SPORES are gaining on them. Mike and Debbie are
text: getting closer tothe entrance. SPORES closer.
scene_heading: EXT. BIG TOP ENTRANCE — NIGHT 39
text: As Mike and Debbie burst from the tent / sPaceshis they are
text: hit with a deluge of popcorn spores and knocked to the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I think so. What is this Stuff?
dialog: Popcorn?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Popcorn? What the hell are they
dialog: doing to us with popcorn!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I don’t want to know.
text: The couple quickly get back on their feet and race for the
text: woods with popcorn all over them.
text: Two klowns emerge from the entrancey looking around for their
text: prey. They look left, right, then down and notice a trail of
text: popcorn leading to the woods.
text: One klown pulls out a long thin balloon, twists it around in
text: his hands and creates a BALLOON DOG. They lumber after them
text: with the balloon dog leading, sniffing the way.
dialog: 41
dialog: a2
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS ~ NIGHT 40
text: Mike and Debbie are stumbling their way through the woods.
text: They‘re scrapping and scratching the popcorn off theaselves
text: as they go. The balloon dog raises his head, sniffs, howls
text: then follows.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE WOODS - NIGHT 41
text: The couple reach Mike’s car and pause for a moment. They hear
text: the strange howling of the balloon dog in pursuit. They look
dialog: at @ach other.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Mike; get me out of here!
text: They get into the car, brushing off as much popcorn as they
dialog: can. :
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT 42
text: Mike quickly starts the car. Klowns are seen approaching
text: through the back window.
text: Mike pops the car in gear and accelerates in REVERSE. The car
text: Slams into the klowns. Mike and Debbie scream. Mike slams the
text: car into drive and peels out. .
text: & klawn leaps out in front of the car. Mike bowls him over,
text: smashing the klown inte the windshield.
text: Debbie screams as Mike takes off, leaving klowns scattered an
text: the ground behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE ~— NIGHT 43
text: Mike’s Pinto races down the road. The klowns on the ground,
text: suddenly spring up and watch the car disappear into the
dialog: night.
scene_heading: INT. RED PINTO ~ NIGHT 44
text: Mike and Debbie are frantic, Mike is hunched aver the
text: steering wheel driving wildly; he glances oehind them to see
text: if they are being followed. Debbie scrapes the remaining
text: Popcorn spores from her body.
dialog: \
dialog: Te
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Get this stuff off me.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: This is insane. Popcorn, why
dialog: Popcorn? What did they think they
dialog: were gonna do with popcorn?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Clowns! They were clowns, that’s
dialog: whi»
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: They’re not clowns.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Sure they're clowns.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No! Not real clowns. That wasn’t a
dialog: circus! You saw the inside.
dialog: Remember the shooting star. These
dialog: things are from outer space and
dialog: they’ve killing people.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah Joe Lombardo, [ saw him he was
dialog: ese Gdead,... gone. He was gone.
dialog: What are we gonna do? We gotta tell
dialog: somebody‘
speaker_heading: DEBBIE ~
dialog: That’s it Mike, we’ve got to tell
dialog: the police.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Oh wean right, we run into the
dialog: Police station and tell them there
text: are clowns running around in the
dialog: woods killing people with cotton
dialog: candy. You know what they’re gonna
dialog: do? They’11l throw me in the
dialog: slammer, just for the hell of it.
dialog: T’m not too popular with the police
dialog: department.
speaker_heading: OEBBIE
dialog: No. I‘1i be with you. I have a
dialog: friend at the police station. He‘ll
dialog: believe us!
dialog: bl
dialog: 45
dialog: 4&7
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
dialog: SR we
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: 1 gen’t know. I wouldn’te believe
dialog: itt
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Fike, we have to. Trust me.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Okay, I dunno, I guess so. I hope
dialog: wou’re right.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE ~- NIGHT 45
text: A& klown enters and stands on the hiil that overlooks town. In
text: the distance, Mike’s car races down the hill, towards town.
text: He pauses, turns and begins walking towards town. Other
text: klowns enter and march into town.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION — NIGHT 46
text: & small town’s police station. There is a CRESCENT COVE POLICE
text: STATION sign out front. A police car pulls up and stops.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION ~ NIGHT 47
text: Inside, we move through the station house. We see the
text: disorganized mess of Officer Mooney’s desk. It‘s cluttered
text: with forms and reports. Ur on his wall, a ‘Ronbo® poster.
text: American flag and a givly gun calendar.
text: We move further to another desk which 1s tidy and organized.
text: Above hangs a police scademy diploma and several citations of
dialog: valor.
text: Officer DAVE HANSEN enters and sits at the second desk. Dave
text: is a twenty six year old police academy graduate. He’s a
text: conscientious young man who works hard and believes in his
text: Profession. He pours a cup of coffee and settles down to a
text: quiet evening of police paper work.
text: WHAM, the front door is kicked open. In come two punkers with
text: Officer Mooney right behind them.
text: Bave’s work is interrupted by Mocney’s entrance.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What’s going on Clift?
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Same old shit, I caught them
text: boozing it up in the park.
dialog: Rew ese ey sur
speaker_heading: PUNK #1
dialog: We didn’t do nothing, we were
text: walking through the park on cur way
dialog: to the dorm and we ah, had a bottle
dialog: of wine.
speaker_heading: PUNK #2
dialog: Yeah, it’s a beautiful night, we
dialog: were gust walking around. We didn’t
dialog: de nothing.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
text: Walking through the park. What are
dialog: you two homos on drugs, booze or
dialog: both?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Whoa Cliff, cool down.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Don’t tell me to cool down. Who do
dialog: you think you are? The cnief.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Don‘t start that, he left us both
dialog: in charge. -
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: I‘m tired of this shit! What do we
dialog: have to dos wait till these homes
dialog: go on a alcohol-drug induced sex
text: murder rampage.
text: Dave tries ta calm cown the situation.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: It doesn’t sound like they’ ve done
dialog: anything serious.
text: He turns to the punkers§
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: You gp to Crescent Cove right? Why don't
dialog: you just stay on campus and do your
dialog: drinking there? Why do you have
dialog: come into town?
speaker_heading: PUNK #1
dialog: We don’t have to just stay on
dialog: cameus, we live in this town toc.
text: Mooney gets furicus, grabs sunk #1 by the collar and smashes
text: his head onto the desk.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Yeah and it’s scum like you that
dialog: are killing this town.
text: Dave rushes Sver and breaks Mooney’s hold on the kid. Plooney
text: lwers at Dave mations him to back off. Dave stands firm
text: between the punks and Mooney.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Cliff, take it easy. They’re just
dialog: coilege kids.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: What’s the matter Dave; you gotta
dialog: thing for these little boys.
speaker_heading: PUNK #2
dialog: We just had a little wins. What’s
dialog: the problem?
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: You’re the problem, you little
dialog: shits.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Just Lighten up.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: (righteous)
dialog: Back off Dave.
text: Mooney counts off an his fingers.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: (cant)
dialog: Open container, public
text: intoxication, disturbing the peace,
text: littering and resisting arrest.
dialog: They’re histary. Uniess you wanna
dialog: rewrite the laws, Mr. Police
dialog: Academy.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (threateningly)
dialog: Loak,; you’ve got this problem about
dialog: my training. I don’t care. But when
dialog: you bring samebody into this
dialog: station I don’t want to see you
text: beating them up.
speaker_heading: bL
dialog: ®
dialog: 48.
dialog: Revised 4/7/87 -38-
text: Mccney eases up and looks scornfully at Dave. The two punks
text: are quaking in their boots.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: {cont )}
dialog: If your going to book em, do it
dialog: according to procedure. Or I swear
dialog: Cliff, you and your badge will be
dialog: history.
text: There is a stand-ff between the two officers.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: I'll tell you what's history, these
dialog: kids.
text: Mooney shoves the punkers into the backroom. Dave is upset
text: by Mooney's behavior and sits at his desk. SCREECH! Car
text: breaks, and screams from outside. Dave bolts for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT 48
text: Dave runs to the outside stops and sees:
text: SCREEEECH! Mike's car smashes into a newspaper machine before
text: it stops in front of the police station.
text: Debbie burts from the car and runs to Dave. Mike follows.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Dave, Dave something horrible's
dialog: happened on the crest. Somebody's
dialog: been killed.
text: Dave is surprised. He grabs Debbie.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Wait, wait, slow down, are you
dialog: okay? Calm down, tell me what
dialog: happened.
text: Debbie begins to gain control of herself. Mike stays behind
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (settling down)
dialog: You have to help us, something
text: horrible is happening. Two people
dialog: are dead, maybe more, I don’t know.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Who Debbie? Who’s dead?
text: Mike steps forward.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Joe Lombardo, he’s dead!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: And some old guy too!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Wait a second here, hold on. What
dialog: aakes you think they were dead?
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: They were hanging there, wrapped up
dialog: in these cotton candy things...
text: Mike fumbles; hesitates to speak the truth.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (cont)
text: ee2ah cocoons.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: €ecoon?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah cocoons.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: You know cocoons.
dialog: Dave turns +o Debbie.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Debbie, come inside and explain
dialog: this to me. I want to help you but
dialog: first I have to understand what’s
text: qoing on.
text: Dave leads Debbie then Mike into the station.
scene_heading: 49 INT. POLICE STATION = NIGHT
text: Dave seats Debbie by his desk, Mike stands quietly behind
text: her. Dave sits at his desk
dialog: -39-
dialog: 49
dialog: =~40~
dialog: cave
text: Now slowly, from the beginning.
speaker_heading: @ DEBBIE
dialog: Okay, let’s see, we were at
dialog: top of the world. We saw a shooting *
dialog: star and we went to find it.
dialog: Instead we found this circus tent
dialog: and went inside. That‘s where we
dialog: saw those people wrapped up in
dialog: cotton candy cocoons. Dave; it’s
dialog: not a circus tent it’s something
dialog: else.
text: Debbie slows down, afraid te reveal the unbelievable aetails.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: <cont>
dialog: It was like a giant factory, or
dialog: Power plant; something strange...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (interrupts, excited)
dialog: It was a spaceship and these
dialog: things, these killer klowns came
text: after us and shot popcorn at us. We
dialog: barely got away.
text: ®@ Mooney steps into the room. He has heard most of the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Killer Klawns from outer space??
dialog: Sounds pretty incredible. Pretty
dialog: unbelievable. id.
text: Mike is aghast. Mooney approaches. He is the one person Mike
text: wanted ta avcid. Mike steps behind Debbie.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Dave please believe us. We’re
text: telling the truth.
speaker_heading: ROONEY
dialog: Weil let me tell you something
dialog: boney. I was just up there and
dialog: there’s nothing going on...
text: Debbie interrupts politely.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Excuse me; we were talking to Dave.
dialog: e
dialog: ee
text: Mooney is about to say something but shuts uF.
text: Mooney sternly.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hold on, they say some people are
dialog: dead, let’s hear them out.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Right Dave, clowns; cotton candy;
dialog: flying popcorn. That’s it, make a
dialog: fool of the police department. I
dialog: tald yous I was up there. Wha you
dialog: gonna believe me or this little
dialog: tramp?
text: Dave loses it when Mooney insults Depbie.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Cangry)
dialog: You‘re out of line. I’m handling
dialog: this.
text: He turns to Debbie.
text: Debbie hesitates for a moment,
text: Debdie feels awkward, as though Dave is prying. Mooney
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: Okay, Debbie who’s your friend.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh, this is Mike. He ...ah goes to
dialog: Crescent Cove too,
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You two were up there at
dialog: Top of the World. Together.
text: been eyeing Mike. Suddenly it dawns on Mooney.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: tT know you, you lattle shit.
text: He points to Mike.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: (cont)
dialog: YOU hang aut with those Terenzi
dialog: Brothers.
dialog: (more?
dialog: gL
text: Dave looks at
text: she’s a little embarrassed.
dialog: has
dialog: bl
dialog: 
dialog: 50
dialog: Si
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: {cont}
dialog: Clowns, I get it. This is another
dialog: one of their stupid stunts to sell
dialog: ice cream from that truck those
text: hoodlums are running around in. Oh
dialog: now I really believe this.
dialog: (confident & sarcastic)
dialog: You better go now Dave, go before
text: the clowns take over.
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: And when you get back from saving
dialog: the world; I want a full written
dialog: report, so I can show it to the
dialog: chief when he gets back here
dialog: Monday.
text: Dave is furious. Mike looks at Dave.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It all happened just like we said.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: It’s true.
text: Dave hesitates, thinks for a moment, then bursts into action.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Okay, you two come with me.
text: Mike and Debbie are relieved. Dave gathers his gear and
text: escorts them out. Mooney watches. As Dave exits, Mooney
text: pokes his head over the counter.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Go-ahead Dave, make a dummy of
dialog: yourself but you're not gonna make
dialog: a dummy outta me.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: Dave gets in the front with Debbie, and Mike gets in back.
text: The car pulls away. Dave is behind the wheel, fuming.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Okay, we're going up there to check
dialog: this out.
dialog: {turns to Debbie)
dialog: But first I'm taking you home.
dialog: ~42-
dialog: 50
dialog: Si
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Mike is speechless. Debbie is Sut off by Dave’s order.
speaker_heading: DESBIE
dialog: (spoiled child)
dialog: No way, I’m going with you. You
dialog: can’t tell me what to do.
text: Mike perks up and nervousiy leans forward. Dave takes
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: : DAVE
dialog: Debbie listen to me.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Canery)
dialog: Don’t tell me wnat to do. I’m going
dialog: back ue there with you?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: No you’re not! Lf there’s any
dialog: trouble I want you to be safe.
text: Mike is confused by their argument. Why is Debbie acting this
dialog: way to a police man?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Stop babying me. I can take care of
dialog: myself. Looks; I don’t want to get
dialog: into this again. I don’t have to
dialog: lister to you. You’re not my
dialog: boyfrienc anymore! Alright? So stop
dialog: trying control my life.
text: Mike falls back into his seat and feels like crawling under a
dialog: rock.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: {to himself)
dialog: Boufriend?
text: Dave is embarrassed. He continues Quietly.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: You’re right. I’m mot your
dialog: boyfriend anymore, but that doesn’t
dialog: Change the way I feel about you.
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: CESBIE
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Dave. Not again. We’ve been over
dialog: this betore. You know how I feel
dialog: about...
dialog: (grits her teeth)
dialog: eceharriage right now. Please!
dialog: (steaming)
dialog: Don’t do this to me.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You go home or I’11] take you back
dialog: to the station and lock you up for
dialog: safe keeping.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: I hate you!
text: Dave turns to Debbie and smiles.
text: Debbie hates being told what to do but is forced to give in.
text: Mike is feeling extremely uncomfortable.
scene_heading: EXT. DEBBIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT s2
text: The police car pulls up in front of Debbie’s house. A two
text: bedroom townhouse just aff campus. Dave leans over and begins
text: to speak to Debbie. Debbie cuts him off.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Can I speak to Mike, outside...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Cobligingly)
dialog: Okay.
text: Mike feeling awkward, gets out and walks Debnie to her door.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Your old boyfriend? Now I’m in for
dialog: it. He’1ll kill me up there!
scene_heading: EXT. DEBBIE’S FRONT STEPS — NIGHT s3
text: They reach the front steps.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No Mike, I’11 follow you up there.
speaker_heading: DL
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: revised 4/4/64 -45-
text: Mike frightened but stern.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You don't want to go up there.
dialog: I don't want to go up there. Look,
dialog: do what he says. Stay here and lock
dialog: the doors. I'11 come over
dialog: later...if I'm still alive.
text: Dave sees the two huddled talking. Debbie notices. She grabs
text: Mike and gives him a very "theatrical" kiss good-bye. Mike
text: glances over to the car.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (hopeless)
dialog: Great timing, Debbie.
text: Mike walks down path and stops halfway and looks back to
text: Debbie, then continues towards the police car. He moves to
text: get in the front seat, but changes his mind and gets in the
text: back seat. The police car pulls away and heads up the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN DISTRICT ~ NIGHT 54
text: Klown feet hitting the pavement.
text: Distorted reflections in windows and on surfaces as the klown
text: moves through town.
text: The klown stops at MYER'S DRUG STORE. He acts like a ROBOT
scene_heading: DISPLAY KLOWN.
text: Two pretty girls walk by and giggle as they enter the store.
text: The klown does a funny little turn and follows them in.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - NIGHT 55
text: Downtown Crescent Cove Memorial Park, with a bandstand in the
dialog: center.
text: A college student is finishing a Big~Top Burger as he walks
text: around the bandstand.
text: He carelessly tosses the remains up into the bandstand.
text: He continues, and gets the mess tossed back at him.
text: He stops, looks up at the bandstand - no one.
text: He walks up the stairs and sees a KLOWN standing in the
dialog: bandstand.
dialog: e> ‘
dialog: 36
dialog: a
text: Amused, the kid walks into the handstand and watches.
text: The klown places his hands behind his back. He fumbles
text: around, pulls out one hand and surprise!
text: On its is a cute little GIRL HAND PUPPET. He reveals his
text: ether hand and it has a cute little BOY PUPPET on it.
text: The puppets kiss. She pushes him away and says no. He saus
text: yes. She says no! He says yes and advances.
text: She screams and runs. A puppet chase ensues.
text: The kid is entertained.
text: The girl hides behind the klawns head and when she comes out
text: she is armed with a toy RAY—-GUN.
text: The boy puppet stops with his arms up. The girl puppet pulls
text: the trigger and blows him away.
text: ZAP. All that remains 13 the smoking sleeve.
text: The klowns hand pops back up.
text: The kid is relieved.
text: The girl puppet points the ray-gun at the klown. He shakes
text: his head, "Oh no".
text: The Puppet turns the gun teward the kid and fires.
text: ZAAP' & pink ray shoots out and the kid is enveloped by a
text: Pink fibrous material. The kid is now encased in a pink
text: cotton candy cocoon.
text: The klawn blows away the pink smoke from the barrel of the
dialog: little ray-gun.
scene_heading: INT. MYERS DRUGSTORE — NIGHT 54
text: The klown works his way through the store tossing items about
text: and gathering various other items in his arms. He turns the
text: corner and knocks over a huge rotating dispiay case. CRASH!
text: MR. MYERS, the elderly sharmacist peers out from behind the
dialog: counter.
dialog: 
dialog: a7
scene_heading: EXT BIG TOP BURGER - NIGHT Ss?
text: & Big Tor Burger sign is flashing in the background as a
text: klown enters frame.
text: Big Top Burger is a fast food hamburger joint with a
text: distinctive circus decor. A clown motif is evident throughout
text: the restaurant and the adjoining playground.
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP BURGER - NIGHT 38
text: Inside; families are enjowing the food; three ring burgers,
text: high wire fries and flwing burritos.
text: At one table, two families are catching a bite after an
text: evening of miniature golf. A mother enters and puts down a
text: handful of ketchups.
speaker_heading: MOM #1
dialog: Here’s some more ketchup. Now sit
dialog: sit still and eat. your hamburger.
text: @ little girkt is fidgeting around, not too interested in
text: eating. She graps a few ketchup packs, tears them open ang
text: Puts way too much ketchup on her burger. She scrapes aff some
text: with a french fry, Sops it ints her mouth and begins to munch
text: feebly on her burger. She’s not very hungry, having already
text: finished the best part of her meal, a chocolate shake. The
text: mothers are preoccupied with their conversation about their
text: miniature golf game.
speaker_heading: OM #1
dialog: This isn’t as much fun as it use to
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: MoM #2
dialog: It is if you’re the winners. Well
dialog: wou know the rules, the losers pay
dialog: for the meal.
text: She takes a big bite of her burger.
speaker_heading: MOM #2
dialog: (food in her mouth)
dialog: Let’s see we’ve beaten you at ping
dialog: Pong, bowling and now golf. How
dialog: would you like to beaten next?
dialog: Shuffleboard, monopoly? we
dialog: certainly do enjoy cur victory
dialog: feasts.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 39
text: fom @1 isok at her overweight friend, notices her rolls af
text: flegnm under her sweats.
speaker_heading: MOM #1
dialog: Yeah, and it’s beginning to show.
dialog: Maybe you should think about losing
dialog: @ little, Lorraine. You know what I
dialog: wean?
speaker_heading: MOM #2
dialog: (good natured or stupid)
dialog: Ho, hoy come on now. Let’s not be
dialog: sore losers. You’1ll have your day
dialog: sometime, maybe. But I doubt it.
text: The little girl continues to play with her food. She looks up
dialog: and sees;
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - NIGHT 39
text: In the Playground of the restaurant is a killer klown, He’s
text: sitting on a hoboy horse; slowly rocking back and forth. He
text: waves at the little girl.
text: She gently waves back.
text: The klown begins to play PEEK-A-BOO with the girl.
text: She Plays along, amused.
text: The klown then motions her to come aut.
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP BURGER - NIGHT : 60
text: The girl turns to her mom, who is engrossed in conversation.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Oh mommy, can I go aut to the
dialog: Playground. I want to see the
dialog: clown.
speaker_heading: MOM #1
dialog: No honey not now, I want you to
dialog: finish your hamburger first.
text: The little girl is disappointed. She takes a bite of her
text: burger but can’t finish.
text: The klown is coaxing her out.
text: She turns and looks at her mom, then back to the klown. She
text: takes her burger, slides it under her napkin, looks to her
dialog: mom.
dialog: él
speaker_heading: B
text: The klown gets up from the horse, a big. broad smile
text: stretches across his face.
text: The mom’s are still gabbing away, we see the little girl’s
text: empty seat.
text: The little girl is walking toward the doorway to the
dialog: Playground.
text: The klown is leaning forward, gesturing the girl toward him.
text: Behind his back, the klown is holding a formidable CANDY
text: STRIPED MALLET. The klawn is drooling at the mouth with
dialog: anticipation.
text: The little girl is moving toward the door, getting closer and
dialog: closer.
text: The klown is waiting.
text: The little girl is at the door. She pulls on it but is neat
text: quite strong enough to open it. A man nearby reaches over and
dialog: let’s her sut.
text: The klown smiles.
text: The door is closing behind her, when a HAND comes in and
text: Pulls the girl back. .
text: The mother has the little girl oy the shoulder, dragging her
text: back inta the restaurant.
speaker_heading: MOM #1
dialog: I told you to finish your
dialog: hamburger, not hide it. What‘’s
dialog: gotten into you young lady. When I
dialog: tell you scmething I expect you ta
dialog: obey me.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - NIGHT 41
text: The klown is furious at this near miss. His smile breaks inta
text: a toothy grin. His eves burn witn anger.
text: @ SOUND diverts the klown’s attention. He turns and walks to
text: the back of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF RESTAURANT-NIGHT 62
text: & Big Top employee is dumping trash into a huge dumster,
text: banging and clanging the trash can. He goes back into the
dialog: restaurant.
dialog: 
text: The klown approaches the dumster. He looks into it and
text: Sniffs. WEEEEEEOQOOOOOWWMH. The klown screeches out and steps
text: back. What a stink. The klown opens his MAGIC BAG. It is full
text: of POP CORN SPORES. He reaches in and Pulls out a hand full.
text: He sprinkles the spores inside the dumster. His task
text: completed, the klown turns and sneaks away into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. FRANCO’S FRONT DOOR ~ NIGHT 63
text: There is a knock at the door. MRS. FRANCO @ middle aged
text: housewife opens the door and comes face to face with a killer
text: klown holding a large HEART SHAPED BOX OF CANDY. She turns
text: her back to the klown and says;
speaker_heading: PRS. FRANCO
dialog: Oh Jim. Is this from you? How sweet.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION-NIGHT a4
text: Back at the police station, reading his Soldier of Fortune
text: magazine, Officer Maoney is fixing himself a strong drink
text: from his hidden stash. The Phone rings, Mooney answers.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Greenlawn police station, Mooney
dialog: speaking. Yeahs what.....2++-Calm
dialog: down I can’t understand you.
dialog: Humes ccseseoneo What? (pause)
text: Mooney is listening to a frantic phone call. His expression
text: changes from concerned to annoyed.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Clowns huh.......-Yeah, yeahy and
dialog: now they’re at your door. Alright,
speaker_heading: who is this? (CLICK)
text: There 15 an abrupt hang up on the other end. Mooney locks at
dialog: the receiver.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Stupid kids with their pranks. I‘11
dialog: shoot’em all.
text: Mooney returns to his Seat, takes a long swig of his drink.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Rich little bastards. Daddy sends
dialog: them to fancy schools so the police
dialog: department can babysit the brats.
dialog: ae
dialog: a
dialog: ~Bi-
text: Rooney takes another drink. The ehone rings. He breaks,
text: mid-drink and fumbles fer the shone. As he reaches for the
text: receiver h@ spills his ceink all over the magazine and papers
text: on Ais qesk. He's agitated.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
text: Police station, hold a second.
text: Mooney tries to clean the mess; shakes off his magazine. Then
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: that’s the problem?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: bait a minute. Who is this? Oh, Mr.
dialog: Myers.
scene_heading: INT. MYERS DRUGSTORE - NIGHT 65
text: The klown has a huge stack of candy on the counter. Mr. Myers
text: Peeks his head aver the tcp. He is talking on the phone,
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: On Cliff, I think I have a bit
dialog: problem here.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION =~ NIGHT . 4s
text: Mooney is on the pnone. Another Phone rings.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Wait a minute. Nat you too Mr.
dialog: Myers? Hold on!
text: Mooney grabs the other phone. Answers.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Yeah, police station. Mooney
dialog: here...What you too?...0n they took
dialog: your wife away in a balicen. You
dialog: don’t need the police pal, you need
dialog: a psychiatrist,
text: Mocney siams the Phone dawn and gees back to re. Myers line.
text: There’s no voice just weird CALLIOPE MUSIC over the phone. He
text: slams the receiver down.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Do the Terenzi brothers have the
dialog: whole town in on this? The hell
dialog: wath’em all. If they want to Play
dialog: games they‘re messing with the
dialog: wrong guy. I'll make them sorry
dialog: they ever thought af this stunt.
dialog: e.
dialog: 67
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN FIELD - NIGHT a7
text: Dave anc Mike are walking to the edge of the woods where the
text: Big Top spaceship is.
speaker_heading: : MIKE
dialog: Tt‘s right here through these
dialog: trees.
text: Mike is leading the way and points ta the clearing.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Wait a minute. Where is it?
text: Mike is shocked when he sees an empty field with a HUGE HOLE
text: where the tent had been.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: That’s what I want to know. Where
dialog: is ait?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I don’t know! It was there. Where
dialog: that hole is. I swear it. Me and
dialog: Debbie saw it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Se you’re saying that hole is where
dialog: the tent was. The tent made that
dialog: hole. Is that wnat you’re telling
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (hesitating)
dialog: Yeah; yeah it was here, its gone
dialog: and left a hole. We saw it, that’s
dialog: a fact. .
text: Dave is angry, taken for a fool.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: T’11 tell you what the facts are,
dialog: you said peaple were being kilied.
dialog: Wnere are the bodies?
dialog: 
dialog: @..
dialog: “5.
text: Mike is mortified.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: 2 don’t know. I saw Joe Lombardo dead. I can
dialog: only tell you what I think I saw.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh, SO now wou just “think® you saw.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Na, I know what I saw, I just can’t prove it.
dialog: My proof is gone.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah. Turn around.
text: Dave puts handcuffs on Mike. Mike begins to resist.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Heu, what are you daing?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: : Shut ups I don’t want to hear anything more -
dialog: out of you.
text: Mike shuts up.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (cont)
dialog: You kids! Mooney was right, got nothing
dialog: better to do but cause trouble. Well, you’re
dialog: not gonna get away with it this time.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Get away with what? Debbie saw the same
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Yeahs she did, didn’t she.
text: Dave pushes Mike back toward the car.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIES LIVINGROOM- NIGHT 66
text: Scantily furnished, coliege type decor, cinder block end
text: tables, milk crate bookshelves; overall neat with a feminine
dialog: touch.
text: Debbie enters from the kitchen holding a glass and a bottle
text: of wine. She stands nervously, reflecting on the evenings
text: events and Mike whereabouts. Helpless. Debbie impatient,
text: Picks up the phone and dials.
dialog: bl
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
speaker_heading: “54
speaker_heading: PHONE
dialog: (veg)
dialog: Greenlawn Police Dept. Officer
dialog: Mooney here.
text: Debbie doesn’t say anything. She has second thoughts.
speaker_heading: PHONE
dialog: (v.20. cant)
dialog: Who is this? ... Come on whe is
dialog: this?...
text: Debbie gives up, talking ta Mooney is useless, she hangs up.
text: She takes a drink of wine directly from the bottle. She
text: stands and ponders. She slowly looks up and sees her
text: reflectian in the mirror. She’s a mess, dirty and drained
dialog: from her experience.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: What a night!
text: She goes upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR DRIVING - NIGHT &F
text: Silence, Dave is steaming, he is reflecting on the events;
text: facing Mocney and Debbies betrayal.
text: They drive past Top of the World. Dave glances aver and notices”
text: something isn’t quite right. He drives by then stops. Dave
text: looks back, pauses then backs into Top of the world.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE WORLD - Night 7o
text: The police car pulls up and stops.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: dust stay here.
text: Dave gets out with his flashlight and walks towards the cars.
text: Everything seems normal except no kids.
text: Silence. He looks into a car, the doar is locked and the keys
text: are in the ignition.
text: Dave is puzzled. No radios; no lovers. He shines the
text: flashlight around, a glint cff of a Bronco truck catches bis
dialog: eve.
dialog: 
text: He walks over and notices pink strands hanging from the
text: aerial. He touches them, they are stick» like a spider’s web.
text: He follows the strands around the truck to the other side. He
text: looks in but the windows are fogged. He reaches for the
text: handle and slewly opens the driver’s door.
text: The interior is a tangled web of pink cotton candy.
text: Dave is shocked,
text: He leans in and notices something on the seat. He pulls it
text: from the pink mass. He holds them in the light ta inspect
text: them, a pair of EYEGLASSES (Bob McDevitt’s).
text: Suddenly, a naise behind Dave, he whirls around and shines
text: his light. It’s a raccoean rummaging through the garbage.
text: Dave is relieved. Urgently, he returns to the police car.
text: He opens the back door. Mike is worried about police
dialog: brutality.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Get out, turn around.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey, what’s going on? You’re not
dialog: gonna hit me, are you?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Turn around. I said.
text: Mike turns his back to Dave.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Look, I’m sorry abcut Debbie. I
dialog: didn’t know she was your
dialog: girlfriend!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: dust drop it, okay?
text: Dave uncuffs Mike and shows him the glasses.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Take a look at this.
speaker_heading: bL
dialog: @)
dialog: 71
dialog: q
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
text: Mike recognizes the pink cotton candy fibers.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: That’s the stuff! That’s the stuff
dialog: that was wrapped arcund Joe
dialog: Lombardo. Where did you find this?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Over an that Bronco.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: That’s McDevitt’s truck.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Bob McDevitt! He was up here with
dialog: us and those are his glasses.
dialog: They‘ve got him, he’s dead.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Come on.
text: They hop inta the front seat of the car.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: So do you believe me now? It’s like
dialog: i said. Everything I told you was
dialog: true, you see...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Held on Mike, I found some pink
dialog: fibers, that doesn’t verify your
dialog: story.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I believe something’s happened. Now
dialog: tell me EXACTLY what went on here
dialog: tonight.
scene_heading: ExT. TOP OF THE WORLD - NIGHT
text: Dave peels out ana they head back for town quickly.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM — NIGHT
text: Debbie enters the bathroom, reaches inta tne tub and
text: the shower on.
dialog: turns
dialog: ~54-
dialog: 71
dialog: 
dialog: Fe
dialog: 5 y=
text: She Segins to undress. As she sulle off her sweater we notice
text: & few spores fall te the ground.
text: She tosses the sweater inte the hamper, with several spores
text: still clinging to it. She shakes her hair out, scattering
text: spores around the bathroos.
text: She takes off her shirt and pants, as they hit the floor we
text: See a popcorn spore start creeping under the sink.
text: Debbie hops into the shower, the camera moves across the
text: floor to the hamper where we hear the strange springy sounds
text: of popcorn spores.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ExT. BEHIND BIG TOP BURGER ~ NIGHT 74
text: The dumster is emitting the same kind of SPRINGY SOUNDS.
text: At the restaurant, a door opens and the night manager shouts
text: out orders as an eaployee drags two giant plastic bags of
text: trash toward the dumster.
text: The kid hates this job. The boy lifts up the lid and tosses
text: ane bag-in. The springy sounds start popping louder and
text: attract his attention.
text: He pauses looks around then toward the dumster. He heaves the
text: second bag in, closes the lid and walks away.
text: BOING, the springing sounds are louder and greater in number.
text: He hears it, pauses then continues to walk away.
text: A louder BOINGG:! He stops, turns and walks back ta the
dialog: dums ter.
text: Slowly, he opens the lid. He cautiously leans his head ints
text: the dumster and peers in.
text: SPPROOONG!!! Swish, in a flash SPRINGY THINGS zip out of the
text: darkness attach themselves to the boy.
text: He struggles, kicking for an instant then is pulled into the
text: dumster with amazing speed.
text: The lid snaps shut. We hear the muffled screams of the boy
text: mingled with tne curious springy sounas.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - NIGHT 3
text: Dave is racing Mike back ta town.
speaker_heading: bL
dialog: 7&
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: Mike has just completed a calm, detailed account of his
dialog: *klown adventure’.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Look we thought the police were the
dialog: only anes that could help.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: It’s okay; you did the right thing.
dialog: We‘ll head back to Pierce and see
dialog: if we can track down your friend
dialog: McDevitt.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: {excited)
dialog: Why? He’s dead! His girlfriend’s
dialog: dead! The klowns got them all!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: We don’t know that for sure...I’1l
dialog: cail the State Police in
dialog: Mariboraugh, they have a lab. Maybe
dialog: someone up there can tell us what
dialog: this stuff is, because it’s not
dialog: cotton cancy.
text: Mike is relived, he settles bacx into his seat.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah, finaily. That’s what Ii‘ve
dialog: been telling you.
text: Mike and Dave are quiet for a while. Dave glances at Mike.
dialog: has something to say.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Leck [’m sorry I was a little rough
dialog: an you back there. It’s been ane
dialog: hell of a nignt for me.
text: Mike feels very awkward.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Gee, What can [ say? I didn’t know.
dialog: About Debbie.
dialog: -§6-
dialog: 7&
dialog: He
dialog: eeeee
dialog: bl
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
dialog: -59-
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Looks, it’s got nothing ta do with
dialog: wou, really. It’s me,
dialog: (pause)
text: It’s obvious she goes for laughs,
dialog: not stability.
text: Mike smirks, then wonders if he’s been insulted.
text: Dave looks blankly at Mike.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Forget it. Just take me home.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Homes no way. We have to follow
dialog: this up.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: IT just told you everything I know.
dialog: It’s dangerous. This is your job.
dialog: You got the gun. I’m no hero.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: T’m no hero either. I have a job to do.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN BUS STOP ~ NIGHT . TT?
text: 4 group of five people are waiting for a bus. There’s a pair
text: af college students, @ black nurse, a fast food employee and
text: an oid man. Some are sitting on the bencn, others are
text: standing nearby.
text: A bus zooms by without stopping. Magically, a Klown's standing at the bus stop.
text: The klown comes over and stands by the nurse.
text: She looks at him, he tips his hat and squeaks like a squeaky
dialog: tou.
text: She glances at the other people. Some are amused, others are
text: uninterested.
text: The klown picks up his bag and steps away from the crowd.
text: He spreads his hands out wide with large theatrical
dialog: movements.
text: The crowd watches curiously, waiting with anticipation.
dialog: What’s he going to do?
dialog: t:
text: The klown brings his hands together and magically creates
text: MUGE ANIMAL SHADOWS on the wall in front of him.
text: 4 twelve foot bunny shadow hops across the brick facade. The
text: klown peers over to the crowd of spectators.
text: The old couple turn and look from their bench and the Pierce
text: students huddle closer for a better look.
text: The klown maniepulates his hands ints a different position
text: creating a little horse wnich gallops along the wall. Some of
text: the spectators clap. One boos.
text: The group slowly gathers together; commenting on the
dialog: per formance.
text: The klown flexes his arms, throws them around wildly and
text: finally clasps his hands tegether to create a phenomenal
dialog: interpretation of Washington crossing the Delaware.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Coohh, aahhhhe
text: The crowd reacts enthusiastically.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR — NIGHT . 73
text: Mike is still trying to get out of helping Dave. Pleading ta
dialog: have Dave take him home.
text: Mike is looking around outside.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Just drop me off here, I’1l take
text: the bus home.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You‘re the only lead I have.
dialog: Remember you’re the one who has
dialog: seen these things.
text: Mike looks across the road. His eves widen, his mouth drops
text: Open. He stammers. .
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Look over there! A clown!!
text: Dave turns to look and slows down.
dialog: 
dialog: ye
dialog: e
speaker_heading: BL
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - NIGHT 79
text: Dave’s police car ful’s up and stops across the street fron
text: the klown, who is doing a marvelous Statue of Liberty shadow.
scene_heading: INT. FOLICE CAR ~ NIGHT 80
text: Mike is frantic.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: There he is, a clown. I told you.
dialog: Go out there and shoot him. Get him
dialog: Dave. Kill him!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Calm down, will wou? Let me check
dialog: this out.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP = NIGHT Si
text: The klown continues performing bis shadow miracles. He turns
text: with an evil sneer toward the spectators.
text: They are looking ups engrossed in the visuals.
text: The klown slowly changes the shadow from a HULA GIRL in
text: motion to a HIDEOUS SERPENT with fangs. It hisses and rears
text: Backs tossing it’s head side to side.
text: The crowd shudders. The klown emits an evil laugh.
text: The sereent shadow leaps off the brick wall and devours the
text: group of spectators in ene fatal Swoop. They scream and kick
text: as they are swallowed by the huge shadow monster.
text: It retreats to the wall, where it turns back into the klowns
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR ~ NIGHT 62
text: Dave and Mike are in complete shock at what they have just
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Holw Shit:!!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Oh mi Goa. I can’t believe it!
dialog: @.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP — NIGHT 63
text: The kiown turns. From his clem:hed klown claw we hear the
text: muffled cries of the devoured spectators. They are trapped by
text: some deranged alien magic. He opens his bag and aepties the
text: contents of his hand into it.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT 84
text: Mike loses it.
dialog: . MIKE .
dialog: Shoot’em. Shoct’em. Kill the klown.
text: Mike panics. He grabs the wheel. puts his foot on the gas and
text: race toward the klown.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Run him over. Kill‘em.
text: Dave tries to stop Mike, but he is overpowered by Mike’s
text: Panic. They struggle at the wheel.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What are you crazy? Let go of the
dialog: wheel!
text: The police car comes screeching from across the street,
text: zig-zagging towards the klown.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hit‘’em, kill’em!
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP ~ NIGHT 85
text: The klown straightens up and stands motionless, watching the
text: approaching car.
text: Inside, Mike and Dave are fighting at tne wheel careening
text: toward the klown.
text: The klawn face smiles with teeth glaring. HISSSSS!
text: Mike and Dave scream. The police car races for the klown.
text: The split second before the impact, the klown JUMPS straight
text: up and out of sight.
text: The police car slams into the bus stop, knocking over garbage
text: cans and the bench before stopping.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE C&R = NIGHT a6
text: Mike and Dave are a little dazed, but recover quickly.
dialog: Dave
dialog: What are you doing? You could have
dialog: gotten both of us killed. Bon’t
dialog: aver...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I’m sorry I freaked out. Whe
dialog: he? Did we get’eam?
dialog: 
dialog: is .
text: They look forward at the front of the car. Nothing. They look
text: at each other. They slowly move to the side windows.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. BUS STOP —- NIGHT a7
text: Looking down on the police car; Dave and Mike pop their heads
text: Sut the windows and look up.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I den‘’t know. I don’t see him
dialog: anywhere.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: He’s gone. He went straight up.
text: He’s gone.
scene_heading: 68 INT. POLICE CAR — NIGHT 8a
text: They pull their heads in.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’ve seen enough.
text: Dave grabs the microphone and calls in.
speaker_heading: DAVE
text: One baker 5 calling. This is Dave.
dialog: Cliff do you reac me. Over.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: (static)
dialog: One baker 5. Mooney speaking. I was
dialog: @ little worried, thought the big
dialog: bad clowns got ya. Over.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mooney, I want wou to listen. Don’t
dialog: Say anything. I want you to call
dialog: the State Police and get help,
dialog: There ARE clowns and they ARE
dialog: killing people. Over.
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
scene_heading: ey INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT es
text: Booney is at the radio desk talking to Dave.
speaker_heading: POONEY
dialog: Let me get this straight. There are
dialog: clowns and YOU'VE seen them. That’s
dialog: it Dave! Screw you and your college
dialog: flunkies. I‘ve had enough of this
dialog: from you and everyone else. I know
dialog: what you guys are trying to do.
dialog: Break me down, drive me cut of the
dialog: force. Well, it’li take more than
dialog: this Lame prank to get Clifford
dialog: Mooney tc throw in his badge. Fuck
dialog: WOU, Over,
text: Mooney slams the mike down and turns the radio off.
scene_heading: 90 INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT . 90
text: Dave is furious. Cut off.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mooney, this is an emergency.
dialog: Meoney. He cut me off.
dialog: {turns ta Mike?)
dialog: That son of a bitch, cut me off!
text: Dave tries to start it up again.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I‘ve gotta get to the station. I
dialog: don’t know what I’m gonna say, but
dialog: I've got to get through to the
dialog: State Police.
text: 4 scream rips through the night. Mike and Dave turn to the
dialog: sound.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. ALLEY ~- NIGHT FL
text: From an alley, twe young girls run screaming.
text: Behind them, bursting from the darkness, a HUGE KLOWN SHAPE pursue
text: them. They split to the sides as the thing tears out of the alley.
text: Mike and Dave are shocked at this new klown horror.
text: The KLOWN DEMON races across the intersection.
dialog: It is the BOBO Happy Time ice cream truck, sith no one
text: driving. Close behind race two figures clad in white
text: uniforms. It’s Rich & Paul Terenzi.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR ~ NIGHT 92
text: Dave reaches for his gun. Mike restrains hia.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No wait. That’s no killer klown,
dialog: that’s the Terenzi Brothers.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: The Terenzi Brothers?
speaker_heading: : MIKE
dialog: Loak, get ta the police station and
text: radia for help. I’11 catch up with
dialog: m friends and try to warn people.
dialog: Dave agrees
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Okay, but tell everyone to stay
dialog: indoors. Don’t da anything stupid?
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY/INTERSECTION ~ NIGHT , 93
text: Dave starts the car, Mike jumps out. Dave peels out and races
dialog: away.
text: Mike runs down the street. He rounds a corner. he hears a
text: CRASH. Pauses then continues.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION ~ NIGHT 94
text: The rufiaway ice cream truck has been stopped by a pile of
text: trash bags and garbage cans. The two brothers are standing by
text: the truck yelling at each other.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: You idiot, you left the truck in
dialog: gear.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don’t yell at me. You were driving.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: What, IT gotta dco everything.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Can’* you do just one thing right.
dialog: le
dialog: see
text: Bike enters.
text: Mike grads them
dialog: The brothers ar
dialog: Aich and Paul
dialog: ~6&
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: This whole ice cream thing was your
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: yy idea? Your the one that said se
dialog: could get girls this way.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: No I didn’t. You did!
dialog: Paul
dialog: Ne, wou did!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (out of breatn)
dialog: Hew Rich, Paul. Am I glad to see
dialog: wou gus.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hew Mike, how you doing? Want some .
dialog: ice cream? We got lots of Dip
dialog: Cicles left.
text: by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No, no. Something horrible has
dialog: happened. I need your help.
text: @ surprised at Mike’s urgency.
speaker_heading: aICK
dialog: What are you talking adout?
dialog: Pal
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: There’s no time to explain. There
dialog: are kiowns going around killing
dialog: People.
text: look at each other, dumfounded.
speaker_heading: RICH & PAUL
speaker_heading: HUH?
dialog: Ce
dialog: Rich
dialog: Rich
dialog: Paul
dialog: Mike
dialog: Rich
dialog: Mike
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: BIKE
dialog: Look, me and Debbie were up at make
dialog: Out point tonight and we followed
dialog: this spaceship and saw these klowns
text: Carrying cotton candy cocoons and
dialog: shooting popcorn. There’s this
text: circus tent spaceship that isn’t
dialog: there anysore but we were there and
dialog: we saw the whole thing.
text: and Paul look at each other.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: And they say we’re crazy.
text: looks at Mike.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Sea?
text: smiles then thinks.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: Who says we're crazy?
text: 1s Pissed and grabs the two of then.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I’m not fooling around guys this is
dialog: serious. You gotta believe me.
dialog: You‘’re my friends.
speaker_heading: PauUL
dialog: What do you want us to do? We have
dialog: ice cream to sell.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Paul this is more important than
text: ice cream. There are klowns killing
dialog: people. We‘re all in canger.
text: and Paul look at each other.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well we haven‘t solid that much ice
dialog: cream tonight.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: We haven’t sald any.
text: releases his hold an the two. I¢ seems hopeless.
dialog: ~e8-
speaker_heading: RIKE
dialog: Look guys, hele me. Just take me to
dialog: Debbie’s house. I think she’s in
dialog: danger.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Does she have any roommates?
dialog: Mike thinks cf a lie to fool them.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah, two beautiful roocamates.
dialog: (pause)
text: With big tits.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do they like ice cream?
text: Mike is losing his patience.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: THEY LOVE IT!!!
text: The brothers look at each other, smile.
speaker_heading: RICH & PAUL
dialog: What are we waiting for?
text: The brothers hop into the truck, Mike follows. In the cab of
text: the truck Rich and Paul start arguing about who will drive.
text: Rich takes the wheel and Paul argues as they drive away.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE’S BATHROOM - NIGHT bo)
text: Debbie is in the shower. She soaps herself and reaches up and
text: takes the shower massager and moves the pulsating stream of
text: water across her body.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT 9
text: Mooney is sitting back in his chair, sipping his booze and
text: smoking a stoggie. Phones are ringing all around him. He Pays
dialog: no attention to them.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Fuck ga‘’s all. You ain’t gonna get
dialog: the best of me. I it made through
dialog: Mei Ping in Nam and [’1l make it
dialog: through this bullshit!
dialog: 69
text: & loud DOOR BELL rings. Mooney turns and sees an EIGHT FooT
text: KLOWN walk into the police station. It walks right up to
text: Mooney and stops at his desk. Motionless. Mooney is surprised
dialog: but Pleased.
scene_heading: MOONEY . so
dialog: Well, whoop-de—god-daan-de—de! |
dialog: What do we have here?
text: Mooney looks closely at the klown. He stands up and leans
text: forward, inspecting the klown from head to toe.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Well boy, I think you made a big
dialog: mistake. You’re in my territory
dialog: now.
text: The klown magically produces a colorful bouquet of flowers
text: and thrusts it into Mooney’s face. He looks at the flowers
text: Suspiciously. Mooney looks back at the klown with contempt. 4
text: stream of BLACK LIQUID comes squirting from the flowers;
text: hitting Mooney in the face. Mooney lurches back. He is
dialog: Pissed.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Why wou..ah...I oughta shoot you
dialog: right now.
text: Mooney wipes his face, walks around the desk, pulls out his
text: cuffs. He turns the klown around.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: I’m supposed to inform you of your
dialog: rights. Well, vou ain’t got no
dialog: rights in Mooney‘’s Jail.
text: Mooney slaps the cuffs on the klown’s wrists and spins him
text: around to face hia.
text: Mooney needles the klown.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: T want to introduce you to my
text: friend, BILLY the CLUB.
text: Mooney pushes the klown forward holding onto the cuffs around
text: it’s wrists. The klown moves forward. Mooney is left holding
text: the klown’s hands. Mooney curses, throws the cuffs down. He
text: grabs for his gun and stalks after the klown.
dialog: \
dialog: 
dialog: -70-
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION, JAIL CELLS ~ WIGHT 9?
text: The klown shuffles in, Mooney follows, gun drawn. The klown
text: turns to face hia.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Alright, get your hands up.
text: The klown raises his arms. Sleeves empty. Mooney is steaming.
text: Klown hands pop out. Mooney is furious now. The klown is
text: making fun of him.
text: Mooney opens the cell door and shoves the klown in. Before
text: Mooney, closes the cell he whacks the klown on the back of
text: it’s head.
text: The klown doesn’t react. Mooney is scared. The klown’s head
text: Spins around on it’s shoulders, 1980 degrees facing Fooney. It
text: smiles.
text: Mooney is shocked. He slams the cell door on the klown and
text: steps back. The klown rotates it’s body to right it’s head.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: I don’t know who you are, but
dialog: before this night is over you'll be
dialog: begging for merc.
text: The klown pulls aut a PARTY FAVOR. Puts it to his lips ana
text: blows. It unfolds and shoots through the cell bars towards
text: Mooney. The tip turns into two CANDY STRIPED HANDS that grab
text: Mooney by his shirt collar. Mooney is shocked. The hands tear
text: Mooney forward slamming him into the cell bars: knocking nim
text: out. The punkers in the next cell watch horrified.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR BACK ENTRANCE — NIGHT oe
text: A group of four bikers and their biker chicks are parked
text: behind a sleazy bar. They are just hanging cut, drinking beer
text: and revving their bikes.
text: Suddenly a bright light blares on the group. They shield
text: their eves to see what's coming. There’s the sound of a
text: Powerful motorcycle approaching. A single headlight maves
text: toward them.
text: Inta the group rides a small klown atop a CHILD’S TRICYCLE.
text: He sweeps by and stops.
text: The klown slowly climbs off the bike.
text: The bikers are laughing their heads off, making comments.
dialog: 
dialog: Be aoe sp ry ur
dialog: Black Biker
dialog: Hey look at what we have here.
dialog: ocooohh, it's Big Bad Bozo coming to
dialog: town.
text: One especially large biker, SLUG, is watching with his ald
text: lady, SHEILA. Slug gets off his bike and makes his way toward
text: the klown pushing through the other bikers.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Get’em Slug.
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: Watch this.
text: Slug steps up to the klown.
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: Hew clowny: mean bike you got
dialog: there.
text: The klown reaches out and hanks the little horn on his
text: handlebars. BEEP BEEP.
text: Slug looks back at his gang with a mocking sneer. He turns
text: back to the klawn and runs his hand gently on the tricycle.
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: You know bud, you sure are one ugly
dialog: clown, but this is one fine machine
dialog: you got here. Bet vou tear up the
dialog: road with this beauty. Can I take a
dialog: ride pal?
text: The klown shakes his head no. It rattles.
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: Oh please, pretty please. ['1l taxe
dialog: real good care of it.
text: The klawn shakes, No. Slug turns tc his gang, sad. Then back
dialog: ta the klown.
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: If [£ can’t ride it can [ beep the
dialog: horn?
text: The kiown nods, Yes. Slug rears up, hands clasped.
dialog: bl
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: Ohe thank you.
text: Slug reaches down slowly; grabs the handlebars and wildly
text: smashes the tricycle on the savement. The gang hocts anc
text: cheers madly.
text: The klown stands by, passively watching Slug bash his bike
text: into a tangled heap.
text: Slug drops the mess down in front of the klown.
text: @ black biker from the crowd whispers to an associate.
speaker_heading: BLACK BIKER
dialog: Shoulda let the man ride his bike.
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: Ob I’m sorry. I seem to have broken
dialog: your bike.
text: The klown loaks down at the mess. The bikers laugh.
text: From the back of the crowd Sheila yells.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Tweek his nose, why don’t cha.
text: Slug smiles, loving the center ring attention.
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: Why I think f will tweek that big
dialog: ol’red nose of yours.
text: Slug reaches down for the nose.
text: The klown quickly grabs his wrist, hoiding it still, right in
text: front of his nose.
text: Slug grimaces in pain, surprised by the little klown’s
text: strength. Slug can’t back down with his gang watching. He
text: musters all his strength and breaks free. Slug pulls aut his
text: Switchblade.
speaker_heading: SLUG
dialog: Ok clowny face. I’m gonna cut that
dialog: nose off and give it to my girl.
speaker_heading: 2100
dialog: 101
text: Sheila seiles.
text: Slug tosses the knife back and forth between his hands. The
text: klown jumps out of frase.
text: The klown lands back in frame wearing CARTOON BOXING GLOVES.
text: He bops around in a zany sparring routine, poking, jabbing
text: and sometimes hitting himself in the head.
text: The gang is amused. Slug becomes bold again, edged on by the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: SLUGS
dialog: What are you going to de?
dialog: (turns to his gang}
dialog: Knock my block off?
text: Slug turns back to the klown. SPROOOCNGG!! The klown’s glave
text: shoots from his sleeve and smashes Slug in the face.
text: The gang Screams and is splattered with blood. SLUG’S HEAD
text: bounces, hits the wall and comes to rest by a trash can.
text: The klown is standing quietly while Slug’s decapitated body
text: Quivers and flops to the ground.
text: The gang panics. They hop on their bikes and race away. |
text: Sheila can’t get the big bike started, it falls. She screams
text: and runs auay with her fat ass bouncing in her stretch pants.
text: The littlw® klown sneers an evil, tootny smile.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE’S BATHROOM ~ NIGHT o9
text: Debbie is just finishing her shower. Turns off the water and
text: reaches out through the curtains for her towels. She grabs
text: ity wraps it around her tody and steps out. She grabs another
text: towel and begins to dry her hair.
text: We move around the bathroom, focusing on the hamper. It is
text: bulging in and out. We hear the eerie SPRINGY SOUNDS.
text: Something in it is ALIVE.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION = NIGHT 100
text: Dave pulls up in his police car and screechs to a stop.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION ~ NIGHT 1a1
text: Dave bursts into the station. The lights are all out. Dave
text: turns on his flashlight. The phones are ringing off the hock.
text: He picks one up.
dialog: 
dialog: )
dialog: ,
dialog: ia
speaker_heading: REViSEa 4/if/Bs
speaker_heading: —Fho
speaker_heading: DAVE .
dialog: Hello, Crescent Cove police
dialog: department, ..
text: Dave is interrupted by screams on the line. Glass is
text: breaking, things getting smashed all with CALLIOPE MUSIC in
text: the background. The line goes dead. Dave slams the phone
dialog: down.
text: He looks around. No one.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mooney. Mooney, where the hell are
dialog: wou?
text: Dave notices something on the floor. GIANT ORANGE FOOTPRINTS
text: lead a winding path to the jail cells in the back. He draus
text: nis gun and cautiously appreaches the door.
text: Grabs the knob ane slowly turns it. Dave is sweating. He
text: throws the door open and jumps to the side. He peers in.
text: Nothing. He relaxes for a moment, his head down.
text: Dave raises his gun and walks slowly toward the back.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL ROOM - NIGHT 102
text: Dave carefully opens the door and walks into the jail reom.
text: His eyes follow the prints up and around, his face distorted
text: with fear and amazement. The floor and walls are covered in
scene_heading: MULTI-COLORED FOOTPRINTS.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mooney. Are you back here?
text: Dave walks to the second call, it’s open.
text: The flashlight beam falls on a large pink mass stuffed into
text: the corner. It is a cocoon like the one Mike described. He
text: moves toward it.
text: He reeas to knaw if ther2’s a body inside and who’s body.
text: Dave touches the fibrous material and tears some from the
dialog: cocoon.
text: It’s the same stuff he removed from the car at Top of the ‘
text: World. We hear (not Dave) a SOFT SQUISHY SOUND. Dave looks ,
text: more closely at the cocoon.
text: He can faintly see a figure inside. He reaches for it. A
text: squishy tearing sound. Dave hears it, turns and loaks behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: i103
text: Me locks up and SQUARSH, the cancy coated corpse of a sunker
text: comes Sliding dawn. It is hanging hal* Sut of a cecoon stuck
text: te the ceiling.
text: Dave startled falls back and Scurries out of the cell. He
text: backs up against the wall, repulsed. He takes a breath, -
text: stands and staggers into the front office.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION = NIGHT 103
text: Dave staggers through the office, we see the EIGHT FOOT KLOWN
text: sitting at the desk behind his.
text: The klown slowly spins his chair around to face Dave. SQUEAK.
text: The chair squeaks. Dave freezes, he's afraid to turn around.
text: He turns siowly and sees the klown Sitting, smiling at hia.
text: Mooney sits up in his lap. His eyes are glazed his expression
text: one of sheer terror. Mooney speaks;
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Hey Dave, who was that lady I saw
dialog: wou with last night?
text: Mooney is dead; being manipulated like soae deranged
text: ventriloquist dGunmy. Dave is in TOTAL GROSSED OUT SHOCK. He
text: stands there dumfounded.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Don‘t be afraid, Dave. we only want
dialog: to KILL you:
text: The klown pulls his hand out of Mooney’s back, shaking
text: entrails from his hand. It lifts Mooney off his lap and drops
text: him to the floor.
text: Mooney’s dead face hits the linocleun.
text: The klown rises, Dave stands helpless. The klown moves toward
text: Dave, it pulls out a PUPPET RAY GUN and points it at Dave.
text: Dave puils out his gun and fires at the klown.
text: The klown squeaks with each bullets impact and continues to
text: advance. It shoves the desk out of it’s ay like a toy. Dave
text: Shoots again and again at the klown’s body.
text: Dave sees it’s useless, raises his sights to the klown’s
text: BULBOUS RED NOSE. He pauses then fires. BANG!
text: The nose shatters in a RED BLOODY MASS, confetti shaoting out
text: of it’s nose. It goes into convulsions as it emits ear
text: splitting shrieks. The klown spins like a TOP.
dialog: “4
dialog: ~Fe-
text: Dave stands back amazed.
text: Faster and faster it sping until it bursts in a fireworks
dialog: like explosion.
text: Dave collapses, sits down trying to regain his composure. He
text: can hardly believe what he has just witnessed.
text: STATIC from the radio snaps Dave from his trance,
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: (static)
dialog: This is Marlborough State Police
dialog: Station HQ calling, come in
dialog: Greenlawn. Dave, Mooney please
dialog: Check ins is anyone there? Do you
dialog: read me? Over.
text: Dave perks up, races to the mike and answers.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Marloocrough State P.D. this is
dialog: Greenlawn P.D. calling. Emergency!
dialog: Do you copy? Over.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Jesus Christ: Dave is that you?
dialog: We’ve been trying to get through to
dialog: wou for the last hour. What’s going
dialog: on down there? Over.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Jack! Thank God, we need your
dialog: assistance. The towns gone crazy,
dialog: People are being killed. Do you
dialog: copy? Over.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Yes; we copy. What is the nature of
dialog: the emergency? Over.
text: Dave hesitates. What can he tell them?
speaker_heading: DAVE
text: Jack there are maniacs dressed up
text: as clowns cn a killing spree. Over.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Maniacs, clowns, who are these
dialog: people? Over.
dialog: 
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Jack you've known me for three
dialog: wears, you gotta listen ta what I’m
dialog: going to tell you. They’re not
dialog: People, these clowns are some kind
dialog: of creatur things...things from
dialog: another planet. You’ve got to
dialog: believe it. There are people being
text: willed, Officer Mooney is dead.
dialog: Killed ty one of these things. I
dialog: know, I saw it. Send all available
text: units with riot gear immediately.
dialog: Over.
dialog: 
text: Silence, no response. Dave calls back. Serious.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Jack, believe me. Please believe
dialog: me. Over.
dialog: Static. .
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Dave, we copy. You sit tight buddy,
text: calm down, assistance is on the
dialog: way. Over.
text: Dave sits down relieved hele is on the way. He tries to
dialog: collect his thoughts what ta do next, who to contact...
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Debbie’!
text: Dave jumps up, races over to the gun rack. He pulls cut a
text: couple of rifies. He dashes to ammo cabinet. Piles stacks of
text: Cartridges in his pockets. Dave races out of the police
dialog: station.
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK - NIGHT 104
text: Mike is sitting in the front cab with the Terenzi brothers,
text: an their way to Deboie’s house. Rich is driving. Mike is
dialog: still trying to convince the guys that there are killer
dialog: klowns.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Klowns from another planet? Sounds
dialog: Pretty weird to me. Tell me sore
dialog: about Debbie’s roomaates.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Aww come on you guys. You‘’re
text: beginning to sound like Mocney.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ids
dialog: ~7e-
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Oh now I’m insulted, ! never been
dialog: go insulted in all ay life.
speaker_heading: PaUL
dialog: Sure you have.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Look, cocoons, popcorn guns,
dialog: monster shadows. What do you think
dialog: we are?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We're not as stupid as we look.
text: Mike gives up.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: This isn’t the first wild thing
dialog: you’ve tried to put over on us.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: . Remesber Hidden Lake.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Forget Hidden Lake. This is
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: We would have to be total acrons to
dialog: believe this klawn invasion crap.
speaker_heading: PaUuL
dialog: Yeah, if there are killer klowns
dialog: running around, then I’m Porky Pig.
text: The ice cream truck turns the corner. Screeches to a halt.
dialog: All three look and see:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT : 1o5
text: In the street before them, a large VACUUM TYPE MACHINE is
text: maving down the center of the street. It is a wanky, bulbous
text: machine with a klown perched an top Operating a swinging arm
text: with a huge vacuum hose.
text: Klowns emerge from the buildings, carrying cocoons and
text: balloons. The cocoons are elaced in the street to be sucked
text: up while the balloons are placed in racks on the back of the
text: vacuum machine. The kiowns continue with their ghastly task
text: in a methodical manner.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: ~79~
text: & middie aged man bolts cut of hiding and makes a mad dash
text: down the street away from the machine.
text: & klown turns, sees the fleeing victim, sulls out it’s puppet
text: raw gun anc blasts the man.
text: Mike, Rich and Paul see the man hit with a pink ray and
text: @nveloped in a COTTON CANDY COCOON. It falls to the ground in
text: front of their truck.
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK ~ NIGHT 104
text: Mike, Rich and Paul look at each other with blank stares.
speaker_heading: PaUL
dialog: (stuttering ala Porky Pig?
dialog: Thee thee. that’s all folks!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Let’s get the hell sut of here.
text: The guys scream, as Rich whips the truck into reverse, rips
text: the gears into first and peel out down the dark street.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 107
text: Debbie walks into the bathroom, dressed. She brushes her .
text: hair. Debbie sips some wine. She is worried about Mike. Her
text: @yes begin to tear. She can’t grasp what is happening. She
text: doesn’t want to be alone. The fear is creeping up on her
text: again. She hears noises through out the house.
text: She hears a springy sound come from the cabinet behing her.
text: She turns to it.
text: In a flash something bursts toward her out of the hamper; two
text: spall abhorrent KLOWN JACK IN THE BOXES with dripping
text: Snapping jaws.
text: Debbie jumps backwards, barely evading the slashing fangs.
text: She slams into the sink, immediately the medicine cabinet
text: bursts open and another JACK IN THE BOX creature lunges.
text: This one digs it’s teeth into Debbie’s shoulder. She screams
text: but the thing is amazingly strong and she can’t free herself.
text: She struggles in agony to reach the aerosol can on the
dialog: counter.
text: Just as she is about to grab it; a second kiown leases from
text: the cabinet and bites into her shoulder. She falters for a
dialog: moment.
dialog: bi
dialog: eo:
dialog: ice
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
dialog: -80-
text: In desperation, she grabs the can and sprays it in the ayes
text: of the klowns. They release her and emit an unearthiy shriek
text: and spring wildly about in agony.
text: Debbie slams the cabinet doors closed on them. The hamper
text: klowns hop toward her. She kicks the hamper and it falls in
text: front of the door. Her escape is blocked by the HAMPER
text: KLOWNS. She looks far another escape.
text: Slowly behind her; the toilet lid begins ta open. Rising
text: menacingly behind her is a Larger; even more gruesome JACK IN
text: THE BOX DEMON.
text: It snarls; revealing its corroded dripping fangs. It recoils
text: on its spring like some huge copra preparing to strike.
text: Debbie whirls around and comes face to face with the thing.
text: It lunges. She falls backwards into the tub.
text: The thing snaps at her. She cowers back, looks up and sees
dialog: the shower massager.
text: It snaps at her again. She cowers back.
text: With lightning speed, Debbie grabs the massager and shoves it
dialog: down the things throat.
text: She reaches for the faucets and turns the shower on.
text: The force of the water whips the creature around wildly.
text: She grabs the shower curtain, runs at the creatures blocking
text: her exit, throws the curtains over them and leaps out the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE'S APARTMENT — NIGHT 108
text: Debbie runs, and falls at the door.
text: She‘’s dazed for a moment, then hears a knack-
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT 309
text: Debbie hears Mikes voice.
speaker_heading: MIKES VOICE
dialog: Debbie, Debbie, Debbie it’s me...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Mike, thank gad...
text: The voice continues to repeat her name.
dialog: 110
dialog: Lat
text: Relieved, Debbie thraws cpen the door.
text: She is confronted by a leering @ FOOT KLOWN Saying;
speaker_heading: KLOBIN .
text: (Mike’s voice) .
dialog: Desbie, Debbie, Debbie it’s ae,
dialog: it’s me.
text: Debbie slams the door in terror. She is about to lose her
text: mind. She throws her back tc the door.
text: BANG! BANG! SLAFI! The klowns are trying ta sreak down the
dialog: door.
text: Debbie backs away from the door.
text: Sounds of drills and jack hammers are heard. The door is
text: starting to give way.
text: Debbie is freaking out. She backs into the livingroom,
text: looking for an escape.
text: She dashes to a window and climbs up ante the ledge.
scene_heading: EXT. DEBBIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT » 11d
text: Outside are 4 KLOWNS dressed in FIREMENS GARB. They are
text: holding a net yelling;
speaker_heading: FIREMEN
dialog: Jump. Jump, Jump...
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE’S APARTMENT ~ NIGHT lit
text: Debbie screams and falls back inside.
text: 4 CRASH is heard as the door breaks open in a CUT OUT shape
dialog: of a klown.
text: Debbie turns and backs right smack into an EIGHT FOOT KLOWN.
text: It picks her up by the shoulders and holds her face to face.
text: Debbie screams. The klown smiles.
text: The klown throws her down on the couch. She turns te the
dialog: klown.
text: Teo more klowns have entered the rooa.
text: Debbie huddles back into the couch screaming.
text: The Largest klown throws a colored fireball at Debbie. There
text: is a blinding flash. Debbie screams and is now encased in a
scene_heading: YELLOW BALLOON.
dialog: 
dialog: Rig
speaker_heading: 413
dialog: 114
dialog: -~82-
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK - NIGHT Liz
text: The guy are racing to Detbie’s house, Mike barking cut
dialog: directions.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Take a left.
text: They screech around the corner.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: 4nd now make the first right.
text: The truck races through the neighborhood, Mike sees Debhie’s
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: LOOK!!
text: They look forward and see,
scene_heading: EXT. DEBBIE’S HOUSE ~ NIGHT 113
text: Debbie’s front door has been cut through and her house is
text: covered with colorful, shiny streamers. A big kloen is
text: getting into a MIDGET CAR carrying a giant YELLOW BALLOON.
text: The klown car pulls away with the balloon dangling outside.
text: Debbie is inside the balloon screaming. The ice cream truck
text: stops in front of the house.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Wow, iook at that.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Don’t stop, they’ve got Debbie.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What about her roommates?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: They’re getting away Rich. We can’t
dialog: lose them they’ve got Debbie.
text: The truck peels out in pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET ~ NIGHT 114
text: In another part of town, Dave is racing to Debbie’s house. As
text: he approaches an intersection, he hears a strange siren and
text: comes screeches to a stop. The klown car races past with the
text: DEBBIE BALLOON whipping behind. .
dialog: -g3-
scene_heading: 115 INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT 115
text: Dave is momentarily startled. He snaps out of it when the
text: BOBO ice cream truck speeds by in pursuit. Dave recognizes
dialog: the vehicle.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mike!!
text: Dave jams his car in gear; peels out and chases after the
dialog: grour.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. STREET ~ NIGHT 116
text: The klown car races by followed by the ice cream truck.
scene_heading: 117 INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK — NIGHT 117
text: The bows are racing.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Rich, we‘re losing them. Can’t you
dialog: go any faster.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: What do you want? This is an ice
dialog: cream truck not a Formula one
dialog: racer. But here goes.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. STREET ~ NIGHT 11a
text: The truck surges forward. Dave’s police car closes the gap.
scene_heading: 119 INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK ~- NIGHT 119
text: They ’re racing along. Paul locks in the side mirror and sees
text: the police car with sirens blaring.
dialog: Paul
dialog: (frantic) .
dialog: Hey Rich, The cops. Stop the truck!
text: Mike reacts.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Dave!
text: Rich slams on the brakes, hard.
dialog: ee '
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: a2a
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT 120
text: The Ice Creams truck stops in the middle of the raaa. The
text: police car comes screeching and smashes into the rear end of
dialog: the truck.
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK — NIGHT 121
text: The boys recover fram the impact.
dialog: Paul
dialog: Oh shit! Rich, now you did it!
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: T did it? What do you mean? You
dialog: told me to stop!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: T told you ta pull over.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: No you didn’t, you told me stop; so
dialog: : I stopped.
speaker_heading: PAUL.
dialog: I meant pull over.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Tf you meant pull over, you shoulda
dialog: said Pull over!
text: Mike ignores the brothers and hops out of the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT 122
text: Mike runs to the police car, it is smashed inta the back of
text: the ice cream truck. The front end is crumpled and stean
text: rises fram the engine. Dave is behind the wheel, dazed.
speaker_heading: BIKE
dialog: Dave, Dave, you alright.
text: Dave straightens up recognizing Mike’s voice and gets out of
text: the car. He looks at the damage then at Mike.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What the hell are you guys doing?
text: From the back of the ice cream truck Rich and Paul’s ewes
text: peer cut fram the windows. They look around, then disappear.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: They’ve got Debbie!
dialog: e-:
dialog: 224
dialog: is
text: Dave grabs his shotgun.
speaker_heading: BAVE
dialog: Get in the truck!
text: They rush to the cab of the ice cream truck. Dave hops in the
dialog: drivers seat.
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK - NIGHT i223
text: Rich and Paul emerge from the rear. Rich has his license and
text: registration in hand.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Gee I’m really sorry officer, I was
dialog: feeling a little queasy. I have
dialog: a.
dialog: 
text: Dave abruptly interrusts.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Which way were they heading?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Down this way. We’ve lost them now!
dialog: i don’t know where they went.
text: Dave looks down, thinks. Looks back up. Starts the truck.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: IT do.
text: The truck peels out.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SIDE - NIGHT 124
text: A winding cliff—side road leading to an abandoned amusement
text: Pier way off in the distance. The ice cream truck zips over
text: the hill and races into the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PIER BOARDWALK ~ NIGHT is
text: A&A elderly security guard is at the entrance of the FUN HOUSE
text: making his rounds. He stcops, eases down on cne of the benches
text: to have a midnight snack. He pulls out a bag and begins to
text: @at a sandwich.
text: He is distracted by a PUTT PUTT sound. He is in mid bite when
text: the kiown car pulls up beside him. The guard swallows hard
text: ang stares at the car.
text: 4& CIRCUS FANFARE begins. The door of the car swings open and
text: before his disbelieving eyes, ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR, FIVE,
text: SIX klowns appear. Four from tne interior, one from the trunk
text: and one from under the hood, They all stand facing the guard.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: The park is closed bows. I’m going
dialog: ts have to ask you to leave.
text: Miraculousls, FLUFFY CREAM PIES pop into each klown’s hand.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (cont)
dialog: Hey, whatcha gonna do with those
dialog: Pies, Bows?
text: In the blink of an eve, the guard is smacked against the wall
text: and hit with a barrage of pies. (more pies than anyone has
text: ever been hit with) They stom. The guard, covered with cream
text: slides down the wall into a mass resembling a disgusting
dialog: banana split.
text: One klown grabs the Debbie balloon as the group parades into
text: the funhouse. The last klown plops a BIG MARASCHINO CHERRY on
text: top of the dissolved guard and scurries after the group.
text: Headlights streak across the funhouse entrance and creamed
text: outline of the guard.
text: The ice cream truck pulls up. The guys jump out, Dave grabs
text: the shotgun and turns te the group.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Now, stay together.
text: The Terenzis wander over to the mass of goo. Rich yells:
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Hey,» look at this stuff!
text: Mike and Dave join them.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Looks like a wad of melted ice
dialog: crean.
text: Dave notices a fiashiight with a gnarled skeieton hand
dialog: attached.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: It’s not.
dialog: \
dialog: 126
text: Dave isokes tc Mike. They’re both worried.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Lat’s ga!
scene_heading: INT. FUNHOUSE - NIGHT : : 126
text: They enter the funhouse, it’s pitch black with shafts of
text: colored light cutting through the eerie darkness. Dave turns
text: to Mike and gives him a flashlight.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Take this, I’11l go first.
dialog: (to Terenzis)
dialog: You guys, no fooling around. Stay
dialog: together. He don’t know what the
dialog: hell is in here.
text: They proceed down the narrows, winding passage. Grotesque,
text: Bainted funhouse faces loca out of the darkness.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (fooling around)
dialog: OOOWNW, scary!!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Dave, did you get through for help?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah, help is an the way.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Did you tell thee it’s an invasion?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I told thea...
dialog: (beat) eoetut
dialog: I don’t really believe it myself.
dialog: Where did they come from? Why are
dialog: they here? Why clowns?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Thew’re not clowns. They’re some
dialog: ~ kind of animal from another world
dialog: that just to look like clowns.
dialog: Maybe their race were the ancient
dialog: astronauts that visited our planet
dialog: centuries ago and our idea of
dialog: clowns comes from these creatures.
speaker_heading: PAUL.
dialog: Then how come they’re nat funny?
dialog: 
dialog: ize
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: (thinking aloud)
dialog: Maybe they’re from a dying planet.
dialog: Maybe their sun socped out and they
dialog: need a new place to live.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Maybe they’re using us for
dialog: experiments, to dissect and study.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Then they’re intelligent. Why don’t
dialog: they communicate with us? Talk to
dialog: us instead of slaughtering us.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Maybe they’re Just cruising through
dialog: the galaa and stopped here for a
dialog: bite to eat.
text: The group stops in their tracks and looks at Paul. Maybe Paul
text: is right. Dave breaks the spell.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Okay, quiet down. Let’s not give
dialog: ourselves away. We’ve got to find
dialog: Debbie.
text: They continue, quietly and cautiously.
scene_heading: INT. MIRRORED CORRIDOR - NIGHT 127
text: The group walks through a corridor filled with wanky mirrors.
text: Their reflections bend and contort with every step.
text: Mike and Dave do not react to their reflections. Rich and
text: Paul are amused, watching their distorted reflections
dialog: met amor Phosing.
text: Behind one mirror a killer klown can be seen watching their
text: every move. It sneers an evil grin.
scene_heading: INT. SMOKE ROOM - NIGHT 126
text: The group enters another room, this one has a stream of smoke
text: floating above tneir heads with shafts of light beaming
text: through. They feel their way along the wall, slowly.
text: Paul sees a LARGE RED BUTTON on the wall. He looks at it
text: inquisitively, then presses it.
text: @ blast of COLORED SMOKE shoots up from the floor under Mike,
text: lifting him in the air. He screams, dropping the light.
dialog: 129
dialog: ~89-
text: They all scream. Fike hits the ground, they all gather around
dialog: hia. Dave asks Mike.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What happened? What did you do?
dialog: Paul
dialog: I didn’t do anything.
text: They all look at Paul, suspiciously. Paul cringes,
text: innocently.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (orders)
dialog: Don’t touch anwthing, okay. This
text: Place is probably booby-trapped.
text: They move ahead cautiously. At the end of the corridor there
text: is a door. Dave reaches for the knob. He turns back to the
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I want everyone to stay close,
dialog: stick together. I gon’t want to
dialog: have to run around and save you
dialog: @uys too.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: No problem, we can handle it.
text: Dave throws the brothers a dubious glance. He turns to the
text: door, pauses then throws the door open. SWISHHH, The Terenzi
text: brothers drap from sight through the floor. Dave and Mike
text: turn to see the brothers gone.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Where the hell did they go? !
dialog: thought I told them to stay close.
dialog: Now we gotta find them.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Don’t worry about them, they do
dialog: this all the time. The Terenzi
dialog: Brothers are like cats. They always
text: land on their feet.
scene_heading: INT. FUNHOUSE SOMEWHERE - NIGHT 129
text: Rich and Paul land hard in a sea of multi-colored foam balls.
text: They shake themselves off. Look up, then arcund to get their
text: bearings. They look at what they’ve landed on then at each
dialog: other.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
text: In frant of the guys, two pairs of klown taet slowly descend.
text: The boys lock up.
text: Standing before them are twa UGLY FEMALE KLOWNS with big
text: tits, they smile at the boys. Rich and Paul sit there
text: helpless. Paul smiles.
speaker_heading: PALL.
dialog: Are wou Debbie’s rocasates?
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP CORRIDOR - NIGHT 130
text: Dave and Mike continue down a corridor, following a low
text: humming sound. Things begin to look familiar to Mike, like
text: the interior of the big top tent he was in eariier.
speaker_heading: . MIKE
dialog: Hey, this looks like the tent
dialog: Debbie and I were in. And that
dialog: sound.
text: Mike sees a door.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Over there, That door. Go inside.
text: The two slip into the roca.
scene_heading: INT. COCOON ROOM — NIGHT 1st
text: The door shuts behind them. Inside are cocoons and balloons
text: arranged neatly in rows. There are hundreds cf them. Mike and
text: Dave are stunneo at the nusber of victims.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: This is where we were before. Where
dialog: we saw Joe Lambardo’s body. Looks
dialog: like they’ve got the whole town.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: This is incredible. We’ve got to
dialog: find Debbie. What color balloon was
dialog: she in?
dialog: Mike thinks.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Ahtipcs it was yellow.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Well let‘’s get to it.
dialog: ur,
dialog: 
text: They race around the reoe, looking through the rows of
text: cocoons for Deobie’s balloon.
text: Suddenly, the door opens and a klown enters. Mike and Dave
text: freeze: then sneak behind the cocoons.
text: The klown closes the door behind him and stands blocking the
text: exit. It searches the room, darting it’s head around.
text: Listening, sniffing. The klown walks toward the guys. It
text: stops at a cocoon, sniffs it and squeezes it. He soves to
text: another one and repeats the routine. Mike and Dave are
text: Scared, confused.
text: The klown is inspecting the cocoons and coming claser to
dialog: them.
text: Dave siowly reaches for his gun.
text: The klown stops. He seems to have found one to his liking.
text: The klown looks around to check if the coast is clear, then
text: Pulls out a large TWIRLY STRAW.
text: Mike and Dave watch curiously as the kiown pokas the stras
text: into the cocoon.
text: He places it to his lips and begins to suck. A bright red
text: liquid comes spiraling up the twisting straw into the kloun‘s
dialog: mouth.
text: Mike and Dave are totally disgusted. The klown is sucking the
text: juices of the victims encased in the cocceons. UHHGG'! The
text: klown sucks until there is no more. He smacks his lips and
text: burps.
text: Mike and Dave uncerstand the klowns motives. They are
text: speechless.
text: The klown exits through a door on the far side of the raca.
text: opens.
text: Mike and Dave follow and look through a port hole on the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: On God!
text: They both look and are shocked.
dialog: iv
dialog: is
dialog: 92
scene_heading: INT. FOOD PROCESSING PLANT ~ NIGHT 132
text: Through the porthole is a huge Dr. Suess-like machine. Klowns
text: are loading cocoons onto a conveyor belt that take them ints
text: the spinning and churning contraption. At the cpposite end,
text: neat Pink wafers emerge sith klouns sifting Powered sugar on
text: them. Other klowns are stacking and carting them away. There
text: are thousands of wafers.
scene_heading: INT. COCOON ROOM —- NIGHT 1x3
text: Mike and Dave pull back from the porthole, shockes and
dialog: drained.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Paul WAS right. They are hungry.
dialog: Thew’re going to eat everyone.
text: Dave grabs Mike, trying to calm him down.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Calm down, we have to find Debbie
text: before it’s too late.
text: They jump into action, searching wildly through the cocoons
text: and balloons. Row after row of cocoons. Blue, red, orange,
text: green balloons. Then WHAMMNO, there it is. The big yellow.
dialog: balloon.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Heys here it is. Is she in here?
text: Mike runs to him. Looks into the balloon. Inside we can
text: faintly see Depbie screaming to them.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: That’s her. She’s alive.
text: He turns to Dave.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: How do we get her out?
text: Mike pounds on the balloon. His fists bounce off, no effect.
text: They try to rip at it, but nothing seems to break it. Dave
text: steps back and draws his pistal.
dialog: Dave
dialog: Stand back.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: ~
dialog: 1%
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’m going to shoot it.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You can’t; wou might kill her.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: She'll be dead anyway.
text: Mike steps back. Dave points the gun to one corner
dialog: of the balloon.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Get ready to run! Debbie get over
text: to the side.
text: Dave jams the pistol into the balloon, puils the trigger and
text: BLAAMMMO!! The balloon shatters and Debbie falls to the
text: floor. Debbie gasps for air as Mike and Dave reach for her.
text: Debbie embraces Mike, Dave stands by coaforting her.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Debbie are wou okay?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh Ged, I was suffocating. I
dialog: thought I was going to die.
text: A SCREECHING ALARM is sounded.
scene_heading: INT. PROCESSING PLANT = NIGHT 1s
text: & klown’s head is rotating around and around on it’s
text: shoulders, emitting the ear splitting sound. Klowns are being
text: alerted. They rush about.
scene_heading: INT. COCOON ROOM - NIGHT i135
text: A red light is blinking on and off as the screech alarm
text: blares. Mike, Dave and Debbie get up and start for the door.
text: Dave stops, looks at all the other balloons.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Wait, I can’t leave. There might be
dialog: other pecele still alive in these
dialog: balloons.
text: Mike and Debbie are at the entrance when a hatch opens at the
text: far end of the room and klowns see them. They’ve been
text: discovered. Dave races to the docr.
dialog: 
dialog: 236
dialog: is?
dialog: —9q-
speaker_heading: BAve
dialog: We're too late for the others. Get
dialog: going!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR ~- NIGHT 136
text: Dave, Mike and Deboie pause for a brief soment at the door.
text: They lock down the corridor to the direction they came in,
text: Two klowns are racing toward them, their escape route is
dialog: blocked.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Look !! What do we do?
text: Dave tosses Mike a revolver, points his shotgun toward the
text: oncoming klowns.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Mike, SHOOT THE NOSE, kill the
dialog: klown.
text: Dave opens tire, Mike follows. The klowns explode in a
text: whirlwind of confetti.
text: Our group dashes in the another door and head deeper into
text: unknown territory.
scene_heading: INT. FIREPOLE CORRIDOR - NIGHT 137
text: They run to the end of the corridor, DEAD END. No doors, no
text: hallways, just a FIREMAN‘S POLE extending through the ceiling
text: and floor. Mike and Debbie stand there, dumfounded.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Down, @veryone, ga down.
text: Mike looks down, hesitates.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey, we don’t know what’s down
dialog: there.
text: Debbie pushes him out of the way. She leaps onto the pole.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Nobody is going to put me in @
text: balloon again.
dialog: =,
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: 1399
text: Debbie slides down the sole ints the darkness below. Mike is
text: about to follow. Dave sees a klown raund the corner.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Ga Mike ga!!
text: Dave shoves Mike down, turns fires at the klown then slides
text: after the others.
scene_heading: INT. TILT~A-ROOM — NIGHT 138
text: Dave slides down, he is grabbed suddenly by four hands and
text: yanked abruptly off the pole. Mike and Debbie stand at the
text: Pole holding ontc Dave.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Heys why’d you stcp here?
text: Debbie points down the pole hole and sees; a TOOTHY HORRIBLE
text: CREATURE, waiting in the depths below.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Good reason. Is everyone ok?
text: They look around, they’re in the middle of a long dark
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Which way?
dialog: Dave
dialog: Does it matter? That way!
text: With their first step. the corridor becomes alive. Tilting
text: and swaying back and forth knocking them around.
speaker_heading: DEBEIE
dialog: What the hell!! The hallway’s
dialog: alive!!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Keep going, quickly. We can’t stay
dialog: here!
text: The group runs as quickly as possible stumbling and falling
text: through the churning corridor. They slowly make their way
text: down to the end.
scene_heading: INT. TIGHT ROPE ROOM — NIGHT axe
text: The tilting room ends. Mike, Debbie then Dave stcp at the
text: entrance of another room. Stretched cut before them is a
text: VELLOW TIGHT ROPE suspended across a dark room. They run
text: across it with no difficulty. (the rope is a visual gag for
dialog: the film audience)
speaker_heading: OL
dialog: 246
dialog: 141i
dialog: 142
dialog: Kevisea 4///8/
speaker_heading: —FE—
scene_heading: INT. TILT-A-ROOM - NIGHT 140
text: Meanwhile, klowns are running through the wacky corridor in
text: pursuit.
scene_heading: INT. TIGHT ROPE ROOM — NIGHT 141
text: The wope begins to angle upwards like a staircase. They walk
text: with no effort. At the top of the steps there is a door. Mike
text: is about to open it.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Careful, open it slowly and stay to
dialog: the side.
text: Mike opens the door and proceed cautiously. The dcor is
dialog: verticle on this sides
scene_heading: INT. ROOM OF DOORS 142
text: But opens up from the floor on the other side. This
text: disorients the group as they enter one by one. They are now
text: in a small room with four doors surrounding them.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: This is impossible. There's got
dialog: to be a way out of this.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: This isn't getting us anywhere.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Where do we go from here. Which
dialog: door do we pick.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Well let me figure this out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Figure what out. You don‘t where
dialog: the bell we are. We could be
text: running around in circles.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: We can’t be sure of anything in
dialog: this place.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Hey loak everybody, Just shut up.
dialog: I’m in charge here. I don’t want
dialog: anymore people getting killed. We
dialog: have to be careful which door we
dialog: Pick.
dialog: 143
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What are you talking about. One
dialog: decor is as good as another.
text: Mike grabs a doorknob and swings a door open. Standing in the
text: door frame are three LARGE KLOWNS listening at the door. They
text: straighten up and start to move toward them.
text: Mike jumps to the side, yells to Dave who blasts at them with
text: his shotgun. Mike slams the door, sounds of klowns
text: disintegrating. They’re safe.
text: 4 fist breaks through and grabs Debbie's foot. She falls to
text: the ground, kicking and screaming. Mike and Dave run ta her.
text: Dave can’t shoot for fear of hitting Deobie. Mike tugs an
text: Debbie, trying to free her. Debbie is kicking wildly.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Get your god damn gloves off me you
dialog: red nose freak!
text: Debbie kicks the kiown in the nase and BLAM, it shatters and
text: the klown falls back. Debbie gets up and grabs Mike.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I hate clowns!
text: Dave paints to the door where he just killed the klowns.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Open the door.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DAVE
text: Just open the door.
text: Mike obeys and opens it. Nothing on the other side but some
text: confetti floating down. .
text: The group run out as another klouwn enters and looks around
text: the now empty room.
scene_heading: INT. FISH ROOM — NIGHT 143
text: The group runs inte a GIANT FISH HEAD thing, right down it’s
text: gullet.
dialog: 144
dialog: 345
dialog: 146
dialog: ~9g-
scene_heading: INT. FISH BELLY - NIGHT 144
text: They run through a narrow room of hundreds of ballocns. They
dialog: pop their wag through.
scene_heading: INT. FISH ROOM — NIGHT 145
text: The graup run cut of another GIANT FISH HEAD. Balloons rise
text: from the mouth like bubbles, as they exit.
scene_heading: INT. CANDY STRIPPED CORRIDOR ~ NIGHT 144
text: Our group is walking down a CANDY STRIPPED corridor when they
text: reach the another door at the end.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Damn, I can’t take this anymore,
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Not another door! What more can
dialog: happen?
text: Behind them they hear HORNS honking. They turn to see a hoard
text: of klowns on the hunt, running down the candy stripped hall
text: toward them.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: HOLY SHIT!
text: Mike tears open the door.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: HOLY SHIT!
text: There’s another door behind the first door. He flings the
text: second door open.
text: Klowns are racing toward them.
scene_heading: MIKE~DEBBIE~DAVE
dialog: HOLY SHIT !!!
text: Mike tears open a third then a fourth door. Dave fires his
text: shotgun, CLICK. Out of bullets.
text: Klowns coming.
text: Mike rips opens the fourth doar and it opens up into a dark
text: room. Our group runs through and close the door behind them,
text: dust in time.
text: Klowns bang on the door.
scene_heading: 247 INT. FUNHOUSE PLAYGROUND ~ NIGHT 147
text: Dave is holding the door closed. He takes his shotgun ang
text: wedges it against the door, blocking it shut. Mike and Debbie
text: turn around, shocked. We pull back and revea » they are.
text: standing in an immense PLAYGROUND ARENA. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Where do we go now?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Run to the other side.
text: The group run across the playground floor. From behind sone
text: CRAZY ABSTRACT SHAPES, klowns appear and cut them off.
text: Mike, Dave and Debbie stop and run to the right. More klowns
text: Pop uP; holding strange weapons.
text: They run to the left, cut off by wore klowns. They are
speaker_heading: TRAPPED.
text: The klowns are slowly corralling them toward the center.
text: Mike, Debbie and Dave have backed up into a lighted area on a
text: GIANT TIERRED PLATFORM in the center of the roca.
text: The klowns move in on them, closer and closer.
text: They come to the edge of the platform and ston.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What are they going to de now?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Shoot’em Dave! Shoot ‘em!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Yeah okay, I‘1] take the two on the
dialog: right. You take the rest of them.
text: Mike, Debbie and Dave look at @ach other with despair.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: This certainly has been a night to
dialog: remember.
text: All around them are klowns. Twenty of them with guns and
text: clubs; bats with nails in them, catchers mitts; all in all a
text: rather formidable klown army.
text: The klowns climb up after them.
text: CRASH '! & loud rumble is heard from the Playground wall.
text: The kiowns turn to the sound.
text: Something is bursting through the wall.
text: Mike, Debbie and Dave look to the wall.
text: Through the wall bursts the BOBO ice cream truck. Inside,
text: Clothes ripped to shreds, lip stick all over them, the
text: TERENZI BROS. to the rescue. The truck stops mid way through
text: the wall with the giant Bobo head rocking back and forth.
text: The klowns have been momentarily cistracted.
text: Mike, Debbie and Dave can’t believe what they are seeing.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: The Terenzi Bros.
dialog: Boto speaks.
speaker_heading: BOBO (v.c.)
dialog: Stop! Leave them alone.
text: The klowns are confused. We hear the Terenzis arguing over
text: the loudspeaker. .
speaker_heading: BOBO (v.o0.}
dialog: Paul: Um, um, I ah...
dialog: Rich: Give me the mike.
dialog: I am the great and powerful Bobo. I
dialog: command you to stop. Do not hurt
dialog: them, let them go! You will obey
dialog: se. Let them ga!
dialog: Paul? Hey, give me back the mike.
dialog: Rich: No way, it was my idea.
dialog: Paul: What do you mean, it was my
dialog: idea.
text: The klowns back off. Seizing the opportunnitys Mike, Debbie
text: and Dave race down the platform, through the klowns to the
text: truck. They greet the Terenzi Bros.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Am I glad to see you. How did you
dialog: know we were here?
dialog: @>
dialog: ~iG1-
text: The Srothers lock at @ach other.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: We didn’t.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We thought we were breaking out.
text: Dave interrupts.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: We‘re not out of here yet.
text: Spotlights shine down on the huge center plaftorm. The
text: Klowns mysteriously disappear behind the abstract playground
dialog: pieces. Our group is confused.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What the hell is going an?
text: Debbie points upward.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Look!
text: The group looks up. Descending from the ceiling, comes a ‘huge
text: dark shape.
speaker_heading: . DAVE
dialog: Everbody in the truck! Let’s get
dialog: out of here!
text: Mike and Debbie get into the truck and Dave gces to the rear
text: to remove debris. Rich pops the truck into reverse, slams on
text: the gas. The tires burn rubber, but the truck won't move.
text: It’s wedged solidly in the hole in the wall.
text: The huge shape continues its descent from the ceiling.
text: Mike yells from the truck.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It’s no use. We’re stuck!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Try again.
text: The truck rocks back and forth. then stalls. Mike and Debbie
dialog: hor out.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: We're stuck.
dialog: Ue
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: ~iS2
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Keep trying!
text: Rich attempts to restart the engine but the truck won't turn
dialog: over.
text: Debbie and Mike look at the platform as the huge shape
text: touches down. Dave joins them.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: What the hell is that?
text: Slowly the huge mass straightens up. Mike grabs Debbie. The
text: thing rises to it’s terrifying full height. They shudder as
text: the FIFTEEN FOOT MARIONETTE MONSTER MKLOWN stands on the
dialog: Platform.
text: Debbie embraces Mike. It is the end.
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK - NIGHT 146
text: Inside the truck the Terenzi brothers have seen the Giant,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don’t want to play here anymore,
dialog: let’s go home.
text: Rich tries te start the stalled truck again.
scene_heading: INT. FUNHOUSE PLAYGROUND - NIGHT 149
text: The monster klown sees them, emits a ghastly screech and
text: lumbers towards the truck.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (to Terenzis)
dialog: Forget it. It’s hopeless. Get out
text: of the truck.
text: Mike, Debbie and Dave run away from the truck. Rich is still
text: trying to start the engine, Paul is honking the horn at the
text: beast as it reaches the truck.
text: The giant kiown looks at the clown head perched an the
text: truck’s roof and draws back it’s fist.
text: Rich and Paul see the on coming danger and fall into the pack
text: of the truck.
text: The kiown smashes the figure down into the cab and proceeds
text: to pummel the vehicle to bits.
dialog: -103-
text: Hike, Debbie and Dave turn tea their friends. The Giant rips
text: the truck free from the wall and tosses it like @ tow across
dialog: the room.
text: The truck slams into the opposite wall and bursts into
text: flames. Mike, Debbie and Dave scream, horrified by the death
dialog: of their friends.
text: The klown sets his sights and starts for them.
text: Dave checks his pistol. Reloads. He looks to the wall, the
text: hole is no longer blocked ty the truck, leaving an escape
text: route. He grabs Mike.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Run for it. I‘’1l keep it busy.
text: Debbie is shocked. She protests.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No Dave, don’t! We can all make it.
text: Dave grabs Debbie. For one brief second, they look deeply
text: into each others eyes. Debbie doesn’t want to lose Dave.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: I’ve gotta do scmething.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: There’s nothing you can do...
text: Dave kisses Debbie and throws her into Mike.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (orders)
dialog: Mike, get her out of here! NOW !!!
text: Dave runs across the path of the giant, firing his gun to
text: divert it’s attention.
text: The giant lumsbers after Dave.
text: Mike pulls Debbie back and runs toward the hole. Dave is
text: firing at the giant. trying to hit it in the nose.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You damn klown. I’11 blast your
dialog: fucking nose off!
text: Dave fires and shcots the line Operating the giants left arm.
text: Tt screeches in pain and holds it’s useless arn.
dialog: 150
dialog: isi
dialog: ~14
text: Dave fires, he’s out of bullets. He looks down te reload. The
text: giant lunges for him. Dave is smashed to the ground and
text: Bicked up.
text: Mike and Debbie reach the hole in the wali turn and see Dave
text: being held in the giant’s claws.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (screams)
dialog: DAVE fi!
text: She tries to run back, Mike holds her tight. They watch as
text: Dave is brought closer to the giant‘s gaping mouth.
text: Dave wrestles in the clutches of the beast, trying to free
text: his wedged arms.
text: Teeth glaring, closer. Dave struggles. Mike and Debbie
text: screaming. Dave looks to his badge. Pops one ara out.
text: He is at the giant’s nose. Dave rips the badge from his chest
text: Soints the pin outward and Plunges it into the giant’s huge
text: red nose. BLAMMMM !
text: Mike and Debbie are thrown back by a tremendous red flasn and
text: rush of wind.
text: The room is swirling with a FIFTEEN FOOT WHIRLWIND of
text: CONFETTI. The whirlwind grows larger and larger. Debris ang
text: confetti being swept all around. The entire roos is a
dialog: catastrophe.
text: Mike and Debbie run out in despair, Dave is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. FUNHOUSE - NIGHT 150
text: Mike and Debbie run away as electrical flashes and sparks
text: grow behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PIER PARKING LOT — NIGHT t51
text: Mike is pulling Debbie along side of him as they run.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Come on. We got to get out of nere.
text: Debbie stumbles and they both fall to the ground. They
text: Scramble behind a bench.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Look!
speaker_heading: bL
dialog: 152
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: i54
speaker_heading: 455
speaker_heading: Revised 4/7/87
dialog: ~d
dialog: a
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK ~ NIGHT 152
text: SNAP, SNAP. The support cables and lights hanging from the
text: tent are released fram the ground and drasn in towards the
text: center of the tent/ship. It begins to rotate Slowly. From
text: inside, lights are flashing as the whirlwind is continuing.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT i353
text: Head lights sweep across the bench where Mike and Deobie are
text: hiding. It is the State Police. Mike and Debbie run over to
dialog: them.
text: Mike and Debbie look back, astonished. The ship rotates and
text: slowly rises cut of the ground. The ship is shaped like a
text: huge diamond. Like a iceberg, nine tenths of it’s mass is
text: hidden beneath the surface.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK — NIGHT 154
text: There’s a loud whirring sound as the glowing diamond ship
text: rises over the pier and moves into the night sky. The alien
text: ship takes off in full view of everyone and disappears into
text: the night sky.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE CAR ~- NIGHT ‘ i55
text: Mike and Debbie are standing by one af the police cars.
text: Debbie is leaning on the car sobbing. The state troopers walk
dialog: over ta them.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: What tne hell’s been going on here?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I don’t want to go through it all
dialog: again.
text: Mike consoles Debbie as they lean on the car. The trooper
text: locks on, unable to help. Everyone is quiet. The Silence is
text: braken by unearthly sounds, weird yells and screams. Two
text: police men turn toward the amusement pier.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #2
dialog: Over there! What the hell
dialog: are those things?
text: The state police burst into action. The officers draw their
text: ts@apons and head for caver behind the car doors.
text: Two ghastly figures run towards the group, screaming like
text: banshees.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Get ready men. On command...Shoot
dialog: to kill...Ready...
text: The things are almost in range. Mike raises his head, and
text: hears familiar voices. Debbie looks up. The Polic@ are about
text: to fire. Mike screams.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: STOP! Don’t shoot.
text: Mike runs to the front line. He focuses on the two wailing
text: figures approaching. His face brightens.
text: The formidable figures come into the light of the headlights.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: They’re nat clowns. That’s the
dialog: Terenzi brothers.
text: It’s Rich and Paul, covered from head to toe with pelted ice
text: cream. They have colored streamers and sparkles plastered all
dialog: over thea.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Hold your fire men!
text: Mike breaks through the firing line and rushes to them.
text: Debbie follows after him. Mike, Debbie and the Terenzis all
text: huddle together.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You crazy bastards, you made it!
dialog: You're alive!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
text: We saw the truck burst into flames.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: Oh that. We hid in the freezer.
dialog: With 200 lbs of dry ice...
speaker_heading: PAUL.
dialog: Froze our asses off.
speaker_heading: RICH
dialog: If it weren’t for the fire, we'd be
dialog: twa dead popsicles.
dialog: sh
dialog: oa
speaker_heading: ~LO7-
text: Mike gras the Terenzis and holds them close.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: The Terenzi Bros. you guys are like
dialog: cats.
text: The Terenzi Bros. soak up the attention. They look at e@ach
text: Proudly.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I’ve heard a lot about you two.
dialog: Nice to meet you.
text: They shake hands. Debbie gets ice cream all over her hands.
text: She smiles, looks to Mike. Mike looks at Debbie. He feels
text: inadequate, less of a hero than he’d like to be. He's afraid
text: Debbie feels that way too. She looks lovingly at Mike. She
text: reaches for him, they embrace. She saysj
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Come here Mr. Adventure.
text: Mike and Debbie embrace as the police move toward the group,
text: the camera pulls back, Mike casts a glance up at the skye
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE ENC
dialog: 7
dialog: 
