scene_heading: HUNTSMAN AND SONS
dialog: Written by
dialog: Jane Goldman and Matthew Vaughn
dialog: April 2013
scene_heading: EXT. MOROCCAN PALACE - DAY. 1
text: We fade up on a yellow WALKMAN, and hear Deee-Lite’s “Groove
dialog: is in the Heart”.
text: It belongs to A GUARD practicing his dance moves outside a
text: remote MOORISH PALACE. ANOTHER GUARD is more chilled. Until:
text: On the horizon: a HELICOPTER comes in fast and low, FOUR
text: ARMED MEN hanging from it, on ropes. They wear gas masks.
text: The men shoot both Guards. Then they blow out the windows and
text: swing inside, expertly releasing from their ropes.
text: Moments later, the palace windows BLOW OUT. Fire and smoke
text: billow. Through the comms, we hear, over gunshots:
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Area secured... Eyes on the
dialog: target... Target secured.
text: We move in through a broken window to find...
scene_heading: INT. PALACE STUDY - DAY. 2
text: The four operatives, tying A TERRORIST to a chair. The first
text: operative performs a swift body check, then removes his gas
text: mask. This is JACK LINCOLN, 32, handsome, calm and assured.
text: Another man removes his mask. Late 20s, black, good-looking.
text: His code name is MERLIN. He nods respectfully to Jack.
text: A second follows suit. Early 20s, white, well-groomed, oozing
dialog: aristocratic confidence. He’ll come to be known as LANCELOT.
text: It takes a nudge from Merlin to prompt the third to remove
text: his mask. This is LEE, 22 - rugged face, army haircut and
text: strong London accent. He looks to Jack, apologetic.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Sorry, sir.
text: Jack draws a GUN and addresses his captive in perfect Arabic.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We know there's a second attack
dialog: planned today. I need the location.
dialog: It‘ll take five shots to take you
dialog: beyond repa so I suggest you
dialog: answer quickly.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Still no response. Jack shoots him swiftly in both legs. The
text: Terrorist screams and slumps forward.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s two. You don't want to find
dialog: out where I'll put the third.
dialog: 2.
text: Jack aims for the Terrorist’s groin. The Terrorist sits up.
text: He's smiling. Between his teeth he holds: A GRENADE PIN.
text: Without hesitation, Lee dives onto him, with a warning cry.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Grenade!
text: It DETONATES. Lee and the Terrorist are killed instantly.
text: Jack, Lancelot and Merlin are blown back by the force, but
text: thanks to Lee, they’re alive. They pick themselves up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shit. I missed it. How did I
dialog: fucking miss it?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Time was of the essence, sir. Could
dialog: have happened to any one of us.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If it had been one of the trainees,
dialog: it would have been forgivable.
text: Jack glances regretfully at Lee. Then gathers himself.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Where does this leave us, Merlin?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Lee was the stronger candidate,
dialog: sir. As I believe he just made
dialog: evident. But Hugo’s test
dialog: performances have been flawless.
text: Merlin indicates Lancelot. Jack extends his hand to him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Welcome to Huntsman.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. TAXI/COUNCIL ESTATE - NIGHT. 3
text: A bleak, run-down estate. A LONDON TAXI pulls up.
text: No ordinary cab - the interior looks like a gentlemen’s club.
text: Jack sits with a dignified older gent, ARTHUR, 50s. Arthur
text: gazes out of the window with a look of disgust.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
text: Revolting place.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We won't be here long.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I still dispute whether we need to
dialog: be here at all.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: “Rules are rules.” That’s your
dialog: motto, isn’t it, Arthur?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: The rules are for gentleman.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They’re for Huntsmen.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And that young man wasn’t one.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not yet. But he behaved as much
dialog: like a Huntsman as any of those
dialog: smug elitists the others put
dialog: forward for the job. If it weren't
dialog: for him, I wouldn't be here.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Is that what’s troubling you,
dialog: Galahad? Or the fact that your
dialog: little experiment failed?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: With respect, Arthur —- you're a
dialog: snob,
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: With respect?
text: Jack opens the car door and climbs out.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The world is changing. There's a
dialog: reason aristocrats developed weak
text: chins.
scene_heading: INT. COUNCIL FLAT - DAY. 4
text: The front room of a small but neatly-kept flat. On the wall
text: is a large framed shopping-mall portrait: Lee in army uniform
text: with his wife, MICHELLH, 20s, and their little son, BGGSY, 4.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.C.)
dialog: We very much regret that your
dialog: husband's bravery can’t be publicly
dialog: celebrated. I hope you understand.
text: On the floor, Eggsy plays with POKEMON CARDS, desperately
text: trying to ignore the conversation, determined not to cry.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE (0.C.)
dialog: How can I if you won‘t tell me
dialog: anything? I didn’t even know he
dialog: wasn’t with his squad --
text: Now we see Jack and Michelle, sitting close by. Jack holds
text: out a beautiful MEDAL. She takes it, studies it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m so sorry I can’t say more. But
dialog: I'd like to present you with this.
dialog: It's a Guinevere Cross. Very rare,
dialog: and to those who know what it is,
dialog: very highly respected.
dialog: (Michelle hands it back)
dialog: I know it’s not much comfort. But --
dialog: See on the back here? That’s my
dialog: number. AS a more concrete gesture
dialog: of gratitude, I’d like to offer...
dialog: Let’s call it a favour.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The nature of it is your choice.
dialog: Just tell the operator “oxfords not
dialog: brogues,” then I’ll know it’s you.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Sorry, what? Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Someone well-placed to help. But
dialog: I’m afraid I can offer only one
dialog: favour. So you may want to save it
dialog: for an emergency.
text: Jack holds the medal out to her again. She just stares.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: I don’t need your help. I need my
dialog: husband back.
text: She gets up, walks to the door and opens it. Jack stands. He
text: looks at Eggsy, who stares doggedly at his cards. Jack lays
text: the medal on the Pokemon cards. Eggsy picks it up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What’s your name, young man?
speaker_heading: LITTLE EGGSY
dialog: Eggsy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Take care of that, Eggsy. And take
dialog: good care of your mother, too.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN CHALET - DAY. 5
text: A magnificent CHALET nestled near a snowy forest. ARMED
text: GUARDS linger outside. Under a CAPTION: “17 YEARS LATER”.
scene_heading: INT. CHALET - DAY. 6
text: Lavish decor, at odds with its occupants -- a hooded MAN tied
text: to an art deco chair, surrounded by FIVE GOONS.
text: The BIGGEST GOON carefully removes the hood, revealing the
text: prisoner. This is PROFESSOR ALAN SWANSON, 40s. There's gaffer
text: tape over his mouth. The goon starts to gently peel it off.
speaker_heading: BIGGEST GOON
dialog: So sorry, Professor Swanson. Just a
dialog: tiny bit more, I’m trying not to --
text: The tape is half off now. The goon tugs gingerly at it.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: For god's sake, just rip it off!
speaker_heading: BIGGEST GOON
dialog: I’m under very strict instructions
dialog: not to hurt you, but --
text: The goon complies, wincing. Swanson doesn't flinch.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Look, you’ve made a mistake. I'ma
dialog: university lecturer. I’ve got no
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: BIGGEST GOON
dialog: God no, this isn’t about money.
dialog: You're in no danger, our boss just
dialog: wants to talk to you. He’s a fan.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Am I meant to find that reassuring?
speaker_heading: GOON
dialog: Let me get you a drink. You're a
dialog: whiskey man, right? Hey, Red? Can
dialog: you get a selection of our finest
dialog: single malts, please?
text: Another Goon - RED - hustles out. Suddenly, Swanson’s
text: expression shifts: first relief, then anger.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Wait, is this one of those prank TV
dialog: shows?
speaker_heading: BIGGEST GOON
dialog: Look, you'll have a drink, our boss
dialog: will be here soon, he’1ll explain
dialog: everything. Honestly, our whiskey
dialog: selection? You will shit. We got a
dialog: 1943 Dalmore that's just --
text: A KNOCK AT THE DOOR. The confused Goon goes to answer it.
text: It's Lancelot. Late 30s now, and wearing an excellent suit,
text: he’s even more dashing and assured than in his youth.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: I suppose asking to borrow a bowl
dialog: of sugar is a step too far?
text: Before anyone has a chance to respond, Lancelot draws his
text: WEAPON and shoots every goon in the room. Stone dead.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT? (CONT’D)
dialog: Professor Swanson. I'm here to take
dialog: you home.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: This... isn’t a TV show, is it.
text: Behind him, Red re-enters carrying a TRAY of various rare
text: malt whiskies. Seeing the carnage, he reaches for his gun --
text: But Lancelot spins around, shoots Red dead and lunges just in
text: time to catch the tray in his free hand as Red crumples.
speaker_heading: LANCELOT
dialog: 1943 Dalmore. It’d be a sin to
dialog: spill any, don't you think?
text: Suddenly there’s another KNOCK AT THE DOOR. Lancelot -- still
text: holding the whiskey in one hand -- readies his weapon.
text: Suddenly, from another room, a male figure cartwheels in with
text: unbelievable speed and agility. He wears a pair of paralympic-
text: quality RUNNING BLADES. This is GAZELLE, 30s.
text: Before he can react, Gazelle amputates Lancelot’s gun hand
text: with a graceful arc of one - apparently razor sharp - blade.
text: Lancelot drops the whiskey in shock. Gazelle catches it...
text: -.-And continues to hold it steadily throughout the brief but
text: intense fight that ensues. Lancelot gives it his best, but
text: he’s no match for Gazelle and his fearsome samurai running
text: blades. The whiskey survives. Lancelot, alas, doesn’t.
text: Swanson reacts in stunned shock. Gazelle casually strides
text: away to answer the front door.
text: It’s his boss, VALENTINE. He’s a Mark Zuckerberg type, 20s.
text: Valentine takes the whiskey, opens it and sniffs it happily.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: My kind of welcome.
text: Then, taking in the carnage, and Swanson’s haunted face, he
text: moves to a nearby counter where he pours two glasses.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT’D)
dialog: Looks like Professor Swanson could
dialog: use a drop, too.
text: Gazelle slices the terrified Swanson’s ropes, freeing him.
text: Valentine heads over with the whiskey. He hands a glass to
text: Swanson, apologetic, and then downs his own in one.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘ll never get used to bloodshed.
dialog: Makes me very nervous.
dialog: (awkward pause)
dialog: Looks like we have that in common!
dialog: (pausing for a laugh that
dialog: doesn‘t come)
dialog: Truly, I mean you no harm. I've
dialog: read all your papers, watched all
dialog: your interviews. Like, I adore you,
dialog: and wanna help you and I am so
dialog: sorry you had to witness all this
dialog: violence due to our unwanted guest.
dialog: I promise you, by the time I’ve
dialog: found out who he works for, you and
dialog: I will be best of friends.
scene_heading: INT. EGGSY’S ROOM - NIGHT 7
dialog: The photograph we saw before of Lee and his family stands
text: propped up against a wall. We can hear GUNFIRE.
dialog: Eggsy, now 21 and looking like someone who’d mug you for your
text: phone, lounges on his bed, playing Call of Duty. From 0.s.
text: over the gunfire, we hear:
speaker_heading: MICHELLE (0.8.)
dialog: Eggsy! I said come here!
text: With a sigh, Eggsy pauses the game.
scene_heading: INT. EGGSY'S MUM'S FLAT - NIGHT. 8
text: Eggsy enters. The room is now dirty, dilapidated. Michelle
text: looks worn down, slovenly. She’s slumped on the couch,
text: smoking, flanked by two shady men: DEAN, 42 and KENZIE, 27.
text: A TODDLER in a sagging diaper wanders around aimlessly.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: You got any Rizlas, love?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Go and get us some, then.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Get ‘em yourself.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Oi. What‘ve I said about talking to
dialog: Dean like that?
text: Eggsy looks at Dean with distaste, then nods at Kenzie.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Three’s a crowd, innit. Why don’t
dialog: Dean's poodle go?
text: Dean stands up. He’s big, intimidating. He produces a TEN
text: POUND NOTE from his pocket and forces it into Eggsy’s hand.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Get your mum the Rizlas and some
dialog: beers and I'l tell you what: while
dialog: you're gone we’ll show her three
dialog: can be good company.
text: Eggsy struggles to control his impulse to deck Dean.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Give him twenty, Dean, then he can
dialog: buy himself a drink and all.
text: She whispers something in Dean’s ear. He smiles, pulls out
text: another tenner. Reluctantly, Eggsy takes it.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cheers, love. And do me a favour,
dialog: can you take your sister? She’s
dialog: doing my head in.
text: Seething, Eggsy scoops up the toddler and storms out.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNCIL BLOCK HALLWAY - NIGHT.
text: Eggsy stands in a windy, graffitied walkway, stabbing at an
text: ELEVATOR BUTTON. In his arms, his sister begins to grizzle.
text: Eggsy takes off his hoodie and wraps it around her.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: That’s better, innit?
text: He pushes the button again. Still nothing. Eggsy kicks the
text: elevator door and heads for the urine-puddled stairwell.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
scene_heading: EXT. COUNCIL BLOCK HALLWAY - NIGHT. 10
text: An identical cold, dirty walkway. Eggsy stands at the open
text: door to a flat talking to an elderly Indian lady, MRS JOSHI.
speaker_heading: MRS JOSHI
dialog: Oh come on Eggsy, not again.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I'll only be twenty minutes.
text: She takes Eggsy’s sister. He kisses them both on the cheek.
scene_heading: INT. PUB — NIGHT. 11
text: A grim pub. Eggsy sits in a corner drinking with two mates --
speaker_heading: RYAN and JAMAL.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: If Dean treats your mum so bad why
dialog: don't she leave him?
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Low self-esteem, that's her
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Fuck off, why would she have low
dialog: self-esteem? Eggsy’s mum’s fit.
text: Eggsy’s not really listening. He stares into his pint.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: One of these days... I’m gonna
text: smash his face in.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Are you mental, cuz? He'd just get
dialog: that lot to do you and pretend he
dialog: didn't know nothing about it.
text: Without really thinking, Jamal points over at a bunch of SIX
text: GANG MEMBERS at a nearby table. They notice.
scene_heading: FIRST GANG BOY
dialog: What you saying, blud?
scene_heading: SECOND GANG BOY
dialog: Think you can chat shit about us
dialog: and we won't do nothing just cos
dialog: our guvnor’s banging Eggsy’s mum?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Pretty much, yeah.
text: The first boy stands up and walks over to the table. He looms
text: over Eggsy, huge. Eggsy’s mates freeze. Jamal hisses to him.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 10,
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Leave it, fam. Let’s just go. They
dialog: ain’t worth it.
text: A tense stand off for a beat. Then Eggsy gets up and heads
text: for the door. His friends follow, relieved. The Gang JEER.
scene_heading: EXT. PUB - NIGHT 12
text: Eggsy, Ryan and Jamal swagger out, trying as hard as they can
text: not to look like they‘ve retreated.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Yeah. Weren’t worth it.
text: Jamal nods in agreement.. He and Ryan both pull up their hoods
text: before they walk on. Eggsy doesn’t follow them -- he walks
text: towards the curb instead, stops at a PARKED CAR.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Why you walking? It's freezing.
text: He produces a set of CAR KEYS and starts to unlock the car,
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Who's car’s that?
text: Eggsy gestures back towards the pub and grins.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: His, innit. Took the keys out his
text: pocket when he come over.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Shit, son!
text: The boys all explode into laughter and pile into the car. The
text: doors slam shut, Eggsy guns the engine and the gang burst out
text: of the pub just in time to see Eggsy pulling out.
scene_heading: FIRST GANG BOY
dialog: You’re fucking dead!
text: Eggsy throws him a “wanker” hand gesture as he tears away.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CAR/STREETS - NIGHT. 13
text: The car roars through the streets.
text: Inside, the boys laugh uproariously.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Floor it, Egqgsy!
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: If they don’t: kill you, Dean will.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: The only person with the right to
dialog: kill me is whoever actually paid
dialog: for this car.
text: Suddenly, A SIREN. FLASHING LIGHTS.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Did you have more than two pints?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Like that's my biggest problem.
scene_heading: EXT. RUN-DOWN STREET - NIGHT. 14
text: Eggsy slams the car into reverse and guns into a side street.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT. 15
text: The TWO COPS watch, incredulous and grudgingly impressed.
speaker_heading: DRIVING COP
dialog: Bloody hell.
speaker_heading: SHOTGUN COP
dialog: (into the radio)
dialog: Requesting back up --
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CAR/SIDE STREET/ALLEY/STREET - NIGHT. 16
text: Eggsy roars backwards up the side street.
text: Tension and excitement in the car now. Suddenly a SECOND
text: FOLICE CAR looms into view.
text: Eggsy turns sharply onto a PEDESTRIAN ALLEY.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: The fuck are you doing?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Feds car can’t get down here.
text: He’s absolutely right. The police car slows, then drives on.
text: Inside, the boys laugh hysterically.
text: Eggsy backs fast out of the alley, onto another street, a
text: broad grin on his face, until: A FOX runs across the road.
text: Eggsy swerves to avoid it... And loses control. The car
text: hurtles towards the pavement and hits a LAMP-POST.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 12.
text: SMOKE pours from under the hood. The first police car turns
text: into the street, sirens blaring.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT. 17
text: The airbag has inflated. Eggsy struggles behind it, trying to
text: get his seat-belt undone.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Dickhead!
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Foxes are vermin, cuz! You
dialog: should’ve driven it over!
text: Eggsy'’s seat-belt is jammed. Outside, a second siren howls.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: I should've done a lot of things.
dialog: I'll sort this. Get out.
dialog: {off their confused looks)
dialog: I said get out.
text: They do. As they run, Eggsy accelerates violently, SMASHING
text: into the Police Car, giving his friends an escape route.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK'S MEWS HOUSE - DAY. 18
text: A charming London mews. The camera cranes down to a copy of A
text: TABLOID NEWSPAPER lying outside the front door of one house.
text: The door opens and a hand picks it up. We jib up to reveal
text: Jack, now 49, sporting a beautiful tailored dressing gown.
text: He smiles as he reads the headline -- “BIKINI READY! KIM
text: KARDASHIAN LOSES 15LBS” -- then shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S HOUSE — DAY. 19
text: As we follow Jack inside, we realize that the mews house is,
text: in fact, huge -~ the whole row has been knocked through.
text: In Jack’s study area, a classic silver TEAPOT and bone China
text: cup stands on his desk. The walls are covered in FRAMED
text: TABLOID NEWSPAPER HEADLINES. Each more trivial than the last.
text: Jack discards his tabloid, settles at his computer and starts
text: to read the Financial Times online while sipping his tea.
text: We track in to his wrist to see: a magnificent Dent WATCH, so
text: thin that it looks painted on. Suddenly, the face glows red.
text: Jack presses a button on the watch and hastily gets up.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXT. HUNTSMAN - DAY. 20
text: The discreet, classy shop-front of a tailors shop on London’s
text: Savile Row. The awning reads: “HUNTSMAN. ESTABLISHED 1849."
text: Jack's classic Bristol CAR pulls up outside and Jack alights.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN - DAY. 21
text: A couple of WELL-DRESSED TAILORS nod respectfully to Jack.
scene_heading: WELL-DRESSED TAILOR
text: Arthur is in the dining room, six.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN DINING ROOM - DAY. 22
text: Arthur, now late 60s, sits alone at a large table. He wears
text: GLASSES. Before him: am exquisite DECANTER, a BRANDY SNIFTER
text: and a leather bound FILE. There are twelve empty chairs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Arthur.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Galahad. Finally. The others were
dialog: concerned that we may be making a
dialog: double toast.
text: There's another brandy at one seat. Jack sits down here and
text: retrieves a pair of GLASSES like Arthur’s. He puts them on.
text: JACK'S POV: The previously empty seats are now occupied -- by
text: TEN GENTLEMEN, wearing wonderful suits and identical glasses.
text: Jack exchanges nods of greeting with them. Then his eyes
text: alight on the single EMPTY SEAT. His face registers dismay.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So I take it that it’s Lancelot
dialog: we're drinking to.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'm sorry. Now we're all present...
dialog: Gentlemen, I'm thankful to say that
dialog: it’s been seventeen years since we
dialog: last had occasion to use this
dialog: decanter. And, as ever, the
dialog: circumstances make even a 1815
text: Napoleonic brandy taste bitter.
dialog: Lancelot was an outstanding agent
dialog: and a true Huntsman, and he will be
text: sorely missed.
dialog: (vaising his glass)
dialog: To Lancelot.
dialog: 23
dialog: 14.
text: JACK'S POV: the other agents have brandy snifters too. They
text: raise them solemnly, then down the brandy in one.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: To matters practical, before we
dialog: disperse, One: Galahad will take
dialog: over Lancelot:‘s current mission.
dialog: Two: I intend to begin the
dialog: selection process for Lancelot's
dialog: replacement tomorrow. I expect each
dialog: of you to propose a candidate and
dialog: have them report to UK HQ no later
dialog: than nine PM GMT. Thank you.
text: JACK'S POV: The other agents acknowledge the order before
text: removing their glasses. As they do, they disappear from view.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY. 23
text: Eggsy is sitting in front of A POLICEMAN and POLICEWOMAN,
text: staring at a DOCUMENT that lies on the table between them.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I just wanna get this straight,
dialog: right? If I sign this, and then I
dialog: tell you who stole the truck with
dialog: all them flat screen TV’s last
dialog: month, you give me full immunity.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: That’s right. And the alternative
dialog: is, you go down, And you’re looking
dialog: at eighteen months. At least.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I can just walk right out of here?
text: The officers nod. Eggsy smiles, signs the document and hands
text: it over. The officers stare, waiting with baited breath.
speaker_heading: EGSSY (CONT'D)
dialog: The person who stole the truck
dialog: is... the person you’re looking at
dialog: right now.
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Nice doing business with you.
text: The Policeman leaps up and slams Eggsy onto the desk.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh come on, bruv! A deal‘s a deal.
speaker_heading: POLICE MAN
dialog: Doesn’t work like that. Nice try,
dialog: though.
dialog: 24
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: POLICE WOMAN
dialog: You can give us hames, or we can
dialog: just bin it. It’s up to you.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I wanna exercise my right to make a
dialog: phonecall.
text: The policeman lets go of him,
speaker_heading: POLICE MAN
dialog: I hope it’s to your mum to say
dialog: you're going to be eighteen months
text: late for dinner.
text: Eggsy reaches inside his tee-shirt for the gold chain he’s
text: wearing. Hanging off it is the Guinevere Cross.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN DINING ROOM ~ DAY. 24
text: Arthur passes Jack the file. Jack opens it. Behind Arthur, a
text: beautiful, ornate antique MIRROR transforms into: A SCREEN.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Lancelot was investigating a group
dialog: of mercenaries experimenting with
dialog: biological weaponry.
text: ON THE SCREEN: a horrific image of NAKED, BLOODIED AFRICAN
text: MEN. They appear to be trying to eat one another.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Uganda, 2012. Synthetic cathinones.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Like bath salts? The street drug?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: They put it in the water supply at
text: a guerilla army base... Rage...
text: Cannibalism. Multiple fatalities.
text: ON THE SCREEN: a room filled with bullet-riddled CORPSES.
speaker_heading: ARTEUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Chechnya, 2013. Insurgents turned
dialog: on one another. Indisputably caused
dialog: by our mercenaries. But this time,
dialog: no trace of chemicals of any kind.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Unconnected with the first attack?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: All their attacks were unconnected.
dialog: And none could be linked to any one
dialog: political interest.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well they are mercenaries... So,
dialog: what happened to Lancelot?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I’m afraid this is where the story
dialog: becomes a little... odd.
text: On the screen: A photo of the high-security MOUNTAIN CHALET.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: He tracked them to this property,
dialog: in Argentina. And while he had them
text: under surveillance, he became aware
dialog: that they'd effected a kidnapping.
text: He tried to execute a solo rescue
dialog: mission. Failed. This was his last
dialog: transmission...
text: On the screen: words appear. “KIDNAP VICTIM IS PROFESSOR ALAN
speaker_heading: SWANSON.”
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Doesn’t sound especially odd. Who
dialog: is he?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Some climate change doom-sayer.
dialog: Expounds something called Gaia
dialog: Theory. Overpopulation as a virus,
dialog: earth trying to heal itself or some
dialog: such. What’s curious is that he’s
text: not actually missing. This is him.
dialog: In London this morning.
text: On the screen: a CCTV IMAGE OF THE PROFESSOR appears.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, it’s all yours. And don’t
dialog: forget your membership proposal.
text: Arthur slides the file to Jack, who stands to leave.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Nine PM at base. Absolutely.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Try picking a more suitable
dialog: candidate this time.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Seventeen years... And still,
dialog: evolving with the times remains an
dialog: entirely foreign concept to you.
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY. 25
text: With some uncertainty, Eggsy dials the number on the back of
text: the medal. It rings. Eggsy reacts in surprise and delight.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.)
dialog: Customer complaints, how may I help
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Ummm, my name is Eggsy Price and...
dialog: Sorry, Chester Price. And I’m up
dialog: shit creek. I’m in Camberwell
dialog: police station and... My mum told
dialog: me to call this number if I ever
dialog: needed help. And... Yeah. I need
dialog: help. So... Hello? You still there?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.0.)
dialog: I‘m sorry sir, I think you have a
dialog: wrong number,
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Wait! Wait! Oxfords not bragues?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.0O.)
dialog: Certainly, sir. Please hold.
text: Questionable lounge music plays down the phone. The longer
text: Eggsy stays on hold, the more surreal this all seems to him.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.0.)
dialog: Thank you for holding, sir. Your
dialog: complaint has been duly noted, and
dialog: we hope that we have not lost you
dialog: as a loyal customer.
text: The line goes dead. Eggsy’s face falls. Great.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - DAY. 26
text: The policeman we saw before is filling in paperwork. The
text: PHONE RINGS on his desk. He answers. Listens a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: You what??... I... Yes. Yes, I
dialog: totally understand.
dialog: He really doesn’t.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - DAY. 27
text: It‘s raining. Eggsy exits. Jack igs outside, in his CAR.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Eggsy! Would you like a lift home?
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The man who got you released.
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S CAR - DAY.
dialog: Eggsy has never seen a car like this before.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Is this a kit car?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Its a Bristol. One of the finest
dialog: examples of British engineering.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: So it’s shit, then.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s only seven minutes to your
dialog: flat from here. Do you really want
dialog: to spend it talking about my car?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: How do you know where I live?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: When are you going to ask me a more
dialog: interesting question?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Alright, here's two. Who the fuck
dialog: are you and how'd you get me out?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Badly phrased, but a good effort.
dialog: My name is Jack Lincoln, I work for
dialog: a London tailors called Huntsman
dialog: and I gave you that cross. Your
dialog: father saved my life.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: You were in the army? Like, an
dialog: officer?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not quite.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Never met anybody who knew my dad.
dialog: ‘Cept my mum, obviously. Listen,
dialog: can I buy you a drink, though?
dialog: Like, to say thank you?
dialog: 18.
dialog: 28
dialog: 19,
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Splendid idea.
text: They pull up outside the dodgy pub Eggsy was at last night.
text: Jack reaches into the back seat for an UMBRELLA.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: Yeah, no... Not here. You won't
dialog: like it, trust me.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nonsense. It says they have draught
dialog: Guinness. What more can one ask?
scene_heading: 29 INT. PUB - DAY. 29
text: The pub is empty. Eggsy’s face floods with relief. At the
text: bar, the BARMAN eyes Eggsy suspiciously.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
text: Two halves of Guinness.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (handing over a TENNER)
dialog: Make it two pints, please.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Cheers. So, where were you posted,
dialog: you and my dad? Iraq or something?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm sorry, Eggsy. Classified.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I thought my mum had been on the
dialog: erack pipe when she told me about
dialog: the number. Feel guilty now.
text: They take their drinks to a corner table. Jack downs half of
text: his Guinness. Eggsy sips his.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So. Want to know something about
dialog: your dad? The day he died, I missed
dialog: something. And if it weren't for
dialog: your dad's courage, my mistake
dialog: would have cost the lives of every
dialog: Man present. So I owe him. He was a
dialog: brave man. A good man. And having
dialog: read your filles, I think he’d be
dialog: bitterly disappointed in the
dialog: choices you've made.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Whoa, hold the fuck up. You can’t
dialog: just say shit about me like that!
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can and I will. Huge I9, great
dialog: performance at primary school...
dialog: Then it all went tits up. Drugs,
dialog: petty crime, never had a job...
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Think there’s a lot of jobs going
dialog: round here, do you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Doesn’t explain why you quit the
dialog: paras. You were halfway through
dialog: training. And doing brilliantly, I
dialog: might add. But you gave up.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Because my mim went mental? Banging
dialog: on about losing me as well as my
dialog: dad. Didn't want me being cannon
dialog: fodder for snobs like you. Judging
dialog: people like me from your ivory
dialog: towers with no thought about why we
dialog: do what we do. We ain’t got much
dialog: choice, you get me? And if we was
dialog: born with the same silver spoon up
dialog: our arses, we'd do just as well as
dialog: you. If not better.
text: Eggsy’s so worked up that he hasn’t even noticed that the six
text: Gang Boys have come in. And they’re looking right at him.
scene_heading: FIRST GANG BOY
dialog: The fuck are you doing here? You
dialog: taking the piss?
text: Eggsy leaps up. Jack doesn’t move. Eggsy tugs his sleeve.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Some more examples of young men who
dialog: simply need a silver suppository?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No, there are exceptions. Come on.
text: Jack watches apathetically as the gang walk towards them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nonsense, we haven’t finished our
dialog: drinks.
text: The barman watches too, anxious. He’s not going to intervene.
text: The gang reach Eggsy and Jack's table.
scene_heading: FIRST GANG BOY
dialog: I told Dean what you done. He said
dialog: that makes you fair game. He don't
dialog: give a shit what your mum says.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Listen, boys, I’ve had a really
dialog: frustrating day. Whatever your beef
dialog: with Eggsy is -- and I’m sure it's
dialog: well-founded -- I'd appreciate it
dialog: enormously iff you could just leave
dialog: us in peace until I’ve finished
dialog: this lovely pint of Guinness.
text: The boys exchange incredulous looks.
scene_heading: SECOND GANG BOY
dialog: Better get out the way, grandad, or
dialog: you're gonna get hurt and all.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: He ain't joking. You should go.
text: A beat. Then Jack gets up, retrieves his umbrella and heads
dialog: for the door.
scene_heading: FIRST GANG BOY
dialog: You want another rent boy, they're
dialog: on the cornex of Smith Street!
text: The gang all LAUGH. Jack doesn’t react, keeps walking. He
text: reaches the door...
text: And bolts it shut. He turns back around to face them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Manners maketh the man. Do you know
dialog: what that means?
dialog: (off the stunned silence)
dialog: Then let me teach you a lesson.
text: Eggsy watches, staggered, as Jack approaches First Gang Boy.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Well? Are we going to stand around
dialog: all day or are we going to fight?
text: The gang are just about. to erupt into shocked laughter when --
text: CRACK! Jack lands a mighty right hook, followed up by a swift
text: elbow to the jaw. The Hoy goes down like a sack of potatoes.
text: A beat -- disbelief -- then the rest of the gang rush Jack...
text: And there follows the most one-sided five-on-one fight we've
text: ever seen. Jack systematically beats the crap out of the
text: remaining Gang Boys, using a breathtaking combination of
text: exceptional fighting skills and incredible SPY GADGETS.
text: Jack's UMBRELLA turns out to have a multitude of functions.
text: Two boys have KNIVES - a MAGNET in Jack’s watch disarms them.
text: One boy grabs Jack's wrist to get the watch -- it gives him
text: an electric shock.
dialog: 30
dialog: 22,
text: At one point, Jack sees the Barman getting out his phone...
text: Jack gets out his LIGHTER... Which releases a DART. The dart
text: flies into the man’s neck, and he collapses.
text: In no time, all six gang boys are on the floor, out cold.
text: Eggsy stares at Jack. Jack meets his eye, apologetic.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry about that. Needed to let off
dialog: a little steam. Heard this morning
dialog: that a friend of mine died. He knew
dialog: your father, too, actually. Funny.
text: Eggsy glances over with concern at the unconscious barman.
speaker_heading: JACK (CON'T’D)
dialog: He’ll be alright. Just a
dialog: tranquilizer. With a little
text: something thrown in to blank a
dialog: couple of hours memory. Not
dialog: terribly different to what they
dialog: give you at the dentist.
text: He pulls out his lighter again... and points it at Egqsy.
text: Eggsy backs away, hands; held up defensively.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I do apolog. , Eggsy. I shouldn't
dialog: have done this in front of you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No, please! I won't say nothing, I
dialog: swear! If there’s one thing I can
dialog: do it’s keep my mouth shut. Ask the
dialog: feds! I've never grassed anyone up!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You won’t tell a soul, is that a
dialog: promise?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: On my life.
text: Jack lowers the lighter and claps Eggsy on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Much appreciated, Eggsy. And you're
dialog: right about the snobs. But there
dialog: too, there are exceptions. Best of
dialog: luck with everything.
scene_heading: INT. OVAL OFFICE - DAY. 30
text: Close on Valentine, holding up a photograph of Lancelot. Then
text: he sighs, puts it down. We can’t see who he’s talking to.
dialog: 31
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Great. You don‘t know, the CIA
dialog: don’t know, no one knows who this
dialog: guy is. Fine. Seriously, it’s fine.
dialog: Well, it’s not actually fine. But
dialog: it’s not why I’m here.
text: He puts the photograph away in a briefcase, then leans in.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, you know me. Money has never
dialog: been my issue. All I ever heard at
dialog: Princeton was how lucky I was to
dialog: inherit an oil fortune. So I went
dialog: to MIT instead, and then my tech
dialog: company is worth more than my oil
dialog: company, knock myself off the
dialog: Forbes top spot, yada yada. Point
dialog: is, you know where the profit went.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Tried to save the planet. Climate
dialog: change research, lobbying. Years of
dialog: work. Billions of dollars. And you
dialog: know why I quit? Because last time
dialog: I checked, the planet was still
dialog: screwed. So here’s my epiphany:
dialog: money can’t solve this. The idiots
dialog: who call themselves politicians
dialog: have buried their heads in the
dialog: sand, stood for nothing but re-
dialog: election. The last two years, I've
dialog: looked for a real solution. And I
dialog: found it. And if you really want to
dialog: make the world a better place,
dialog: listen the hell up, very carefully,
dialog: because I’m gonna tell it to you.
text: We pull back to reveal that Valentine is in The Oval Office,
text: talking to THE PRESIDENT.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Go on, Mr Valentine. As usual, I'm
dialog: all ears.
scene_heading: INT. EGGSY'S MUM’S FLAT - SUNSET. 31
text: Michelle and Dean are watching TV, Dean playing a game on his
text: Iphone, Michelle texting. Eggsy’s sister sleeps beside them.
text: The door opens and Eggsy enters. Michelle and Dean leap up.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Where the heil have you been?! Gone
dialog: all night, all day, I've been
dialog: worried sick, Mrs Joshi said --
text: She breaks off in shock as Dean punches Eggsy. Hard.
dialog: 32
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dean!
text: Dean proceeds to beat the crap out of Eggsy. Eggsy tries to
text: fight back, but Dean is huge. Michelle screams in protest.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Shut your mouth! I’ve had it with
dialog: him. He needs to learn some
dialog: respect. Winding up my business
dialog: associates, nicking their car!
dialog: (to Eggsy, punching him)
dialog: And now your mate‘s gone and put
dialog: four of ‘em in hospital. Who is he?
dialog: Who was you with in the pub?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No one!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You're gonna fucking tell me or
dialog: I’ll rip your head off, I swear.
text: As Dean punches Eggsy again, we track past Dean’s fist... and
text: land on a tiny DOT on Eggsy‘s shoulder. Right where Jack
text: patted him. We track in until darkness fills the screen...
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S STUDY - SUNSET. 32
dialog: ...And track out again to reveal that we are now in Jack’s
text: study. He’s hanging up a FRAMED NEWSPAPER HEADLINE beside the
text: others. “BIKINI READY! KIM KARDASHIAN LOSES 15LBS”. The sound
text: of Dean's assault is clearly audible in here.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE (V.0.)
dialog: Dean, stop it! Eggsy, tell him!
speaker_heading: EGSSY (V.0O.}
dialog: I don’t know what he’s talking
dialog: about, I wasn’t with no one!
text: CRUNCH. The sound of another strike. Then Eggsy, GROANING.
text: Jack raises an eyebrow and walks calmly over to his desk.
text: On Jack's computer we see FILES showing information on half a
text: dozen YOUNG SOLDIERS. Jack closes them all. Now there’s just
text: a MICROPHONE ICON and a SOUNDWAVE BOX, moving in synch with
text: the audio transmitted from Eggsy's home.
speaker_heading: DEAN (V.0.)
dialog: I could kill you, and the world
dialog: wouldn’t even notice.
text: Jack clicks on the microphone icon and leans in closer.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: But I would.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. EGGSY’S MUM'S FLAT! ~ SUNSET. 33
text: The assault is on hold. Dean, Michelle and Eggsy look around,
text: baffled. Jack's voice is coming from every electronic item.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.0.)
dialog: I have enough evidence on your
dialog: activities to have you locked away
dialog: for the rest of your life, Mr. Dean
dialog: Anthony Baker. So I suggest you
dialog: leave the boy alone or I will be
dialog: forced to deliver it to the
dialog: appropriate authorities.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What the fuck is going on?
text: Taking advantage of Dean's confused state, Eggsy heaves
text: himself to his feet and bolts for the front door.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.0.)
dialog: And I suggest that from now on that
dialog: you treat Michelle with the respect
text: that she deserves. Over and out.
text: The sound from the TV resumes. Dean gets up to examine it.
text: Michelle is glazed, in shock. What the hell just happened?
scene_heading: EXT. HUNTSMAN - NIGHT. 34
text: Eggsy stands outside the closed store, peering in. Jack is
text: inside, sitting on a sofa. Eggsy tries the door. It’s open.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN - NIGHT. 35
text: Eggsy looks around, out: of place. Jack stands to greet him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Glad you made it. Follow me.
scene_heading: INT. FITTING ROOM - NIGHT. 36
text: Huntsman’s lavish fitting room. There's a LIFE-SIZE WOODEN
text: HORSE in here. Jack steers Eggsy towards a mirror.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you see?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Someone who wants to know what the
dialog: fuck is going on?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I see a young man with potential. A
text: young man who is loyai.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Who can do as he’s asked. Who wants
dialog: to do something good with his life.
dialog: Did you see the movie Trading
dialog: Places?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What about Nikita? The Dirty Dozen?
dialog: (Eggsy shakes his head)
dialog: Pretty Woman?
dialog: (Eggsy looks affronted)
dialog: Alright. My point is, the lack of a
dialog: silver spoon has set you on a
dialog: certain path. But you needn’t stay
dialog: on it. If you're prepared to adapt,
dialog: and learn, you can transform.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Like in My Fair Lady?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, you’re full of surprises.
dialog: Yes. Like My fair Lady. Interested?
dialog: (off Eggsy’s nod)
dialog: Good. See that horse? Get on it.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Are you taking the piss?
text: Jack doesn’t answer. Eqgsy climbs on, self-conscious.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT’D)
dialog: What's this for?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So that a gemtlemen can see how his
text: new jacket hangs when mounted. Now
dialog: give it a kick and say: “tally ho.”
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Fuck off!
dialog: (off Jack's silence)
dialog: "Tally ho.”
dialog: (nothing happens)
dialog: What does that do?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nothing, I just wanted to see how
dialog: you were at following orders.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: This, however...
text: Jack smiles and pats the horse’s flank three times...
text: And the room begins to SINK! Eggsy looks around in wonder.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: OBCK
dialog: The finest tailors in London.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No, I mean... all this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Since 1849, Huntsman have clothed
dialog: the world’s most powerful
dialog: individuals. And at the close of
dialog: World War One, the notion was
dialog: conceived that the wealth and
dialog: influence of our connections could
dialog: be channeled for the greater good.
text: The room stops moving. Jack motions for Eggsy to dismount.
text: Then he opens the door. On the other side is now...
scene_heading: INT. MONORAIL TERMINUS - NIGHT. 37
text: A sleek chamber, like a mini subway platform. Eggsy boggles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And so began our other venture. An
dialog: independent, international
dialog: intelligence agency operating at
dialog: the highest level of discretion...
dialog: Above the bureaucracy and politics
dialog: that undermine the integrity of
dialog: government-run spy organizations.
text: Suddenly, NOISE. A capsule-like CARRIAGE shoots in. Stops. A
text: door slides open. Jack steps in. Eggsy follows, mind blown.
scene_heading: T c. AGE - NIGHT. 38
text: There are four reclined seats inside. Jack and Eggsy sit.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: The suit is a modern gentleman’s
text: armor, and the Huntsman agents are
dialog: the new knights. Seatbelt?
text: Eggsy fumbles with his belt as the carriage glides into the
text: tunnel... And then they hurtle away at unfathomable speed.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't worry, it's perfectly safe.
dialog: Standard mag-lev system -- magnets.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Our vacuum tunnel just makes it a
dialog: little nippier. But it rarely goes
dialog: above mach one. Are you alright?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: EQ. We’re recruiting a new member,
dialog: and the selection process is about
dialog: to begin. If you agree, I’d like to
dialog: put you forward as my proposal.
text: The carriage comes to a sudden stop.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET BASE TERMINUS — NIGHT. 39
text: A much larger chamber, with a huge door at the end of it.
text: Eggsy and Jack alight and head for the door. It opens onto...
scene_heading: INT. SECRET BASE HANGAR - NIGHT. 40
text: A vast underground hangar. A Bondaholic’s wet dream. A
text: BLENHEIM BOMBER and F2 FIGHTER hang from the vaulted ceiling.
text: Eggsy can‘t believe his eyes as he follows Jack past one
text: amazing thing after another: CARS, GADGETS, JET-—PACKS.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Before you make your mind up,
dialog: there's something you need to know.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: As if I'm going to bail out now!
text: He gestures around at all the cool stuff.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your father tried out for
dialog: membership of Huntsman. He was on
text: his final field test when he died.
dialog: This business isn’t without risks.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: You think I have anything to lose?
text: Jack nods, a little wistfully. Understands.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then let‘s get you signed in.
scene_heading: INT. ;C_ ROOM - NIGHT. 4l
text: Eggsy and Jack enter the rec room to see EIGHT YOUNG MEN AND
text: THREE YOUNG WOMEN standing around, chattering excitedly.
dialog: 29.
text: Merlin is here, too. Mid 40s now, and even more handsome and
text: poised. He marks the CLIPBOARD he’s holding, smiles at Jack.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: Galahad. Late again.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to Eggsy, explaining)
dialog: My code name... Good Luck.
text: Jack pats Eggsy on the shoulder and leaves, looking back like
text: a parent dropping his kid on the first day of kindergarden.
text: Eggsy hovers awkwardly, then gravitates over to the others.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Attention!
text: Everyone leaps to attention. Eggsy is beside a small, mousy
text: American girl: ROXY, 22. She doesn’t take her eyes off
text: Merlin, but discreetly pats Eggsy on the back, reassuring.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, now we're all
dialog: here: welcome. My name is Merlin.
dialog: And you are about to embark upon
dialog: what is arguably the most dangerous
dialog: job interview in the world. Failure
dialog: in any of the tests you’1l undergo
dialog: over the coming weeks will mean you
dialog: lose your chance at this job. But I
dialog: need you to be aware that you could
dialog: lose a great deal more.
dialog: (gesturing to the wall)
dialog: Can somebody tell me what this is?
dialog: 
text: Hanging up is: A BODY BAG.
text: One man puts up his hand quickly. Aristocratic good looks,
text: well-groomed, supremely confident. This is CHARLIE, 23.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: A body bag, sir.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Correct. Charlie, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Excellent. On the table, you will
dialog: find a marker pen. Use it to write
dialog: your name on the bag, plus contact
dialog: details for your next of kin. And
dialog: in a moment, the rest of you will
dialog: collect your body bags from that
dialog: closet over there, and you will do
dialog: the same.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: By doing so, you acknowledge the
dialog: risks you face. You also
dialog: acknowledge that you will never
dialog: discuss your time here, even with
dialog: your families. You break this rule,
dialog: you put them at risk.
dialog: {to Charlie)
dialog: Well, what are you waiting for?
text: Charlie breaks from the group and heads for the body bag.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why is this process so dangerous?
dialog: Because the job you are competing
dialog: for is a hundred times more so. If
dialog: you're not up to it, we’d prefer to
dialog: know now, and not later, when the
dialog: lives of others may depend on it.
dialog: Does anybody want out?
text: The candidates’ eyes dart around the room. Anybody moving?
text: Eggsy's eyes meet Roxy’s. They both look away quickly.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: When you’re done with your bags,
text: bed. The dorm is down the hall.
dialog: Long day ahead tomorrow. Fall out!
text: Merlin leaves the room and everyone hurries to the closet.
text: A tall attractive Danish blonde, AMELIA, 23, gets there first
text: and starts passing out the bags to the first four in line:
scene_heading: ULRICH (macho, German), KENJI (slim, Japanese), ANTON
dialog: (Burotrashy, Italian) and SABA (tough-looking, Ethiopian).
text: At the back of the line, Roxy shakes Eggsy’s hand.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Roxanne. But call me Roxy.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: I’m Eggsy.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Eggy?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No, Eggsy.
text: Charlie, standing close by, done with his task, overhears.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where did they dig you up?
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: You know we're not allowed to
dialog: discuss who proposed us.
dialog: 31.
text: The boy in the line ahead of Roxy has been eves-dropping.
text: This is HENRI -- 21, French, handsome, well-bred. He’s pegged
text: Charlie as the alpha male, and is keen to forge an alliance.
speaker_heading: HENRI
dialog: No need to bite his head off.
text: Charlie's only making conversation.
dialog: That's right, Charlie, no?
dialog: (shaking Eggsy’s hand)
dialog: I’m Henri.
text: Two more boys -- RUFUS (rugged, blonde, South African) and
text: AJIT (good-looking, Indian) -- join the group. They've
text: already got their bags. Rufus has two and hands one to Henri.
speaker_heading: HENRI (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank you. Guys, this is “Eggsy”.
dialog: This is Rufus and Ajit. So, Eggsy,
dialog: are you Oxford or Cambridge?
text: Rufus and Ajit stifle a laugh. Charlie smirks, too.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Neither.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Harvard?
text: The others grin. These four are really bonding now.
speaker_heading: RUFUS
dialog: Wait, I think we may have met...
dialog: Did you serve me at the McDonalds
dialog: in Gatwick airport?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No. But if I had, I’d’ve given you
text: an extra helping of secret sauce.
text: He mimes wanking onto a burger. There’s a silence.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Definitely Harvard.
text: Henri, Rufus and Ajit explode into sycophantic laughter and
text: head for the table with their bags.
speaker_heading: ROXY,
dialog: Just ignore them.
text: Amelia approaches, carrying the last three body bags. She
text: hands one each to Roxy and Eggsy.
speaker_heading: ROXY (CONT’‘D)
dialog: Thanks. Amelia, isn’t it?
dialog: Amelia, Eggy.
dialog: 42
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Hey Eggy. Don't take any notice of
dialog: those guys.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: That's what I told him.
text: A suave Persian boy hands Amelia the pen. This is OMAR.
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: For you, bebe.
text: Amelia smiles pleasantly and passes it to Eggsy instead.
text: Roxy turns around, presents her back for Eggsy to use as a
text: writing surface and looks back seductively over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Here, use me,
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: She means to write on.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I know.
text: He leans the bag on Roxy. He writes “EGGSY PRICE”. His hand
text: shaking a little, he adds: "MOTHER: Michelle PRICE.”
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: It’s just scare tactics. Classic
dialog: army technique. Nobody’s gonna die.
text: Eggsy glances up at Rufus, Ajit and Henri, currently hooting
text: with laughter at something Charlie has said.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Shame.
scene_heading: INT. ARTHUR'S BASE OFFICE - NIGHT. 42
text: The same layout as the London dining room, only everything is
text: Zaha Hadid-style modern. Jack and Arthur sit half-watching a
text: SCREEN with a live feed of the rec room, the sound low.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Felt sorry for the boy, did you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Well you should now. He’ll find
dialog: this humiliating. Still, at least
dialog: you didn't propose a woman. I mean,
dialog: what is going on?
text: Jack indicates the screen, Charlie is holding court.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Emm. And that:'s your proposal?
dialog: Charlie, is it? All the right
dialog: credentials besides having any
dialog: understanding of the real world.
dialog: He'll be a perfect replacement for
dialog: you one day.
text: Arthur mutes the sound from the screen completely.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I believe we're here to discuss new
dialog: intelligence on the mercenaries?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Absolutely. The mountain property
dialog: where Lancelot died was purchased
dialog: eighteen months ago. The funds were
dialog: transferred from a numbered account
text: at the BGK bank in Moscow.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Then that’s as good as a dead end.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why?
scene_heading: 43 SINT. PRIVATE BANK - FLASHBACK - DAY. 43
text: ARTHUR -- younger here -- stands over a RUSSIAN BANK MANAGER,
text: a GUN to the man’s head. On the desk is a LIST OF NAMES.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I'll ask you one more time: do any
dialog: of the organizations on the list
dialog: hold an account with you?
scene_heading: RUSSIAN BANK MANAGER
dialog: We don't discuss our clients.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: This is your last chance.
text: He readies the trigger. CLICK. The man doesn’t flinch.
scene_heading: RUSSIAN BANK MANAGER
dialog: We don’t discuss our clients.
text: Arthur holsters the gun, circles the desk and takes a seat.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Excellent. I'd like to open an
dialog: account, please.
speaker_heading: 44a
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 34,
scene_heading: INT. ARTHUR‘’S BASE OFFICE — NIGHT. 44
text: Arthur has just finished telling Jack this story.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: And that is why we bank with them,
dialog: Not to mention that their fire-wall
dialog: makes the KGB's look flimsy. You're
text: looking at a physical break-in, and
dialog: even that’s ambitious.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: To Moscow it is, then.
scene_heading: EXT, SECRET BASE - NIGHT. 45
text: Jack exits. The base is huge, isolated, surrounded by woods.
text: There's an AIRSTRIP here, a beautiful BRISTOL JET on the
text: runway. Jack strides towards it.
dialog: . D = GHT. 46
text: A windowless army barrack-style dorm room with a WET ROOM
text: area at one end -- HAND SHOWERS and TOILETS, all barely
text: divided by low walls and barely concealed by a low BASIN
text: COUNTER along the front. Privacy is going to be scarce.
text: The recruits enter. All but Eggsy have SUITCASES. They stream
text: to the beds. Amelia, Saba and Roxy bag beds up one end.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oooh. All the girls together.
dialog: Planning a little action?
speaker_heading: ROKY
dialog: Why, do you need some tips?
text: Eggsy finds one bed left, between Roxy and Anton. Anton
text: unfolds a VELVET GARMENT, puzzled. There's one on every bed.
text: Eggsy unfolds his. It's a VELVET JUMPSUIT.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: What the hell is this??
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: Regulation gear, I guess? But why
dialog: velvet? So heavy!
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: And hot.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: The Siren jumpsuit. Winston
dialog: Churchill designed it for himself.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: a7
dialog: 48
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Not that I’d expect you foreigners
dialog: to know.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I’m English.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I wasn’t even talking to you. I
dialog: think it goes without saying that
dialog: you wouldn't.
text: Eggsy’s discomfort increases as everyone starts changing for
text: bed. Not only is he without a case, but everyone seems
text: entirely relaxed about undressing in front of one another.
text: Especially Roxy. She removes everything but her briefs, and
text: starts casually rummaging in her case. She looks to Eggsy.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Where’s your stuff?
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: No one told me to bring anything.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: That sucks. Wanna borrow something
dialog: to sleep in?
text: She throws him a tee-shirt and smiles at him warmly. He
text: smiles back, grateful, but trying to avert his eyes.
text: Suddenly, the lights turn off. There’s a collective GROAN.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
text: Looks like it's bedtime.
text: Everyone climbs into bed. Eggsy lies staring into the
text: darkness for a while before closing his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MERLIN’S OFFICE - NIGHT. 47
text: Merlin puts on his glasses and settles at his computer. On
text: the monitor are: BLUEPRINTS for a building.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - NIGHT. 48
text: The beautifully panelled and upholstered interior of the jet.
text: Jack sits alone, sipping a drink. His watch FLASHES. He slips
text: on his glasses and looks over to an empty seat.
text: JACK'S POV: Merlin is now sitting in the seat.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Arthur instructed me to brief you
text: on infiltrating the GBK mainframe.
dialog: 49
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Fire away.
text: Under Merlin’s V.0., we now see the mission plan playing out:
scene_heading: MONTAGE: INT/EXT. RUSSIAN BANK - DAY. 49
text: -- The GBK bank building. WELL-DRESSED RUSSIANS enter. One is
text: a TALL WOMAN -- fur coat, gloves, large pricey HANDBAG.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
text: The bank opens at eight AM. The
text: ladies’ is on the sixth floor.
text: -- The woman enters a beautifully—appointed elevator.
text: -- In a TOILET CUBICLE, she looks up at: an AIR VENT.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.O.)
text: The vent is above the last cubicle.
dialog: The shaft will take you as far as
dialog: the East fire escape.
text: -- She removes her coat to reveal a fitted black sweater and
text: ski pants... and a rather manly body. Then she tears off what
text: we now realize is A WIG, and A LATEX MASK. This is JACK.
text: -- He climbs into up the ventilation shaft, crawls along.
text: -- He drops silently from a ceiling vent and races upstairs.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
text: The vault is two floors up... On
text: the north side of the building.
text: -- On a landing, Jack applies a thick layer of PURPLE RESIN
text: to his palms. Then opens the window here and climbs out.
text: -~ He inches toward the corner of the building, the mystery
text: resin somehow making his palms adhere to the masonry.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.O.)
text: The security corridor is unmanned
dialog: until eight fifteen AM... But the
dialog: laser field will be active. Your
dialog: access point will be three point
text: two metres firom the end.
text: -- Jack slips in through a window. LASER BEAMS crisscross a
text: corridor, a-la Oceans 12/Entrapment. He expertly negotiates
text: his way down it, leaping, ducking, slithering. Impressive. He
text: stops in the middle and gets a GADGET out of his bag.
text: -- In a stark SERVER ROOM, a HOLE is cut into the ceiling.
text: A CLAMP bites the hole. A CABLE is looped through the clamp.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: S51
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: You'll have five minutes. Get in,
dialog: get the info, get out.
text: Jack drops down, now improbably wearing a harness. He stops
text: neatly above a computer and begins to tap at the keyboard.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - NIGHT. 50
dialog: 
text: Jack looks to the holographic Merlin, aghast.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That sounds exhausting.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Do you have a better plan?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: As a matter of fact, I do.
text: Merlin shrugs. Then he looks at his watch. And VANISHES.
scene_heading: INT. DORM - NIGHT. 51
text: Eggsy is asleep. Suddenly: a GRINDING NOISE. His eyes open.
text: Above him, the ceiling of the dorm room is scrolling open
text: like a car sun-roof. It moves a couple of feet, then stops.
text: A split second later: a tidal wave of WATER explodes through
text: the gap and CRASHES into the room!
text: Everyone scrambles out of bed. The water is already knee deep
text: on the floor and still sluicing down from above.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s a test! Look for a way out!
text: Henri, closest to the door, lunges for the handle, struggles.
speaker_heading: HENRI
dialog: It's locked!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, it’s the pressure, pull harder.
text: Rufus and Ajit join Henri in pulling the door, while Amelia,
text: Omar, Anton and Saba move to the walls, pounding them.
speaker_heading: KENJI
dialog: The floor! Look under the beds!
text: Kenji dives under water. Ulrich follows.
text: Roxy climbs onto her bed, which is situated under the open
text: part of the ceiling, under the gushing waterfall.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: There’s no other opening! We've got
dialog: to go through it! Give me a leg up!
text: Eggsy climbs onto her bed and complies, but as Roxy moves
text: into the flow, she is wiolently thrown back by the force...
text: And they both fall, landing in the now waist~high water.
text: As she swims away, fighting the current, Eggsy looks around,
text: assessing his next move. He sees: Charlie, by the showers.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Roxy! Amelia! Try the bathroom!
text: But they can't hear him over the gushing water. Eggsy swims
text: over. Charlie is trying to rip a HAND-SHOWER off the wall.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT‘D)
dialog: Breathing tube?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: In the loo! It's the only way.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: The loo?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Toilet. Lavvy. Shitter. Whatever
dialog: you chavs call it.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I know what one is, I meant --
text: The shower comes away. Charlie hastily unscrews the head.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stick this in it, go past the U-
dialog: bend: limitless air supply.
dialog: Simple physics. Spread the word.
text: Charlie smugly dives under water. Eggsy yells to the group.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Grab a showex, shove it in the bog!
text: Everyone swims over, fast. Eggsy tears a SHOWER from the
text: wall, unscrews the heacl and hands it to Roxy and Amelia.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll have to share, take it in
dialog: turns to breathe!
text: The others get to work pulling the remaining hand showers
text: from the wall, then diving under the water with their hoses.
text: Eggsy doesn’t have one. The water is nearing the ceiling now.
text: He takes a deep breath and dives under.
dialog: 52
dialog: 39.
text: UNDERWATER: Eggsy swims for the toilets. Everyone is
text: clustered there, taking turns to breathe. Charlie and Henri
text: share a hose. Eggsy taps Charlie, desperate for air. Charlie
text: makes a shooing motion, passes it to Henri instead.
text: Eggsy swims up to the surface. There’s only an inch of air at
text: the ceiling now. He takes a last, desperate gasp before the
text: water finally rises again, and there is no air left.
text: Eggsy panics. He’s running out of breath when he glimpses his
text: reflection in the MIRROR running along the side wall. A FLARE
text: of light catches his eye. He swims towards the mirror.
text: Eggsy touches his fingertips to it. An odd double-reflection.
text: Eggsy's eyes widen. And we pull back, through the mirror, to
text: see: it’s a two way mirror. The dorm is a giant tank, built
text: in cavernous OBSERVATICN ROOM. Merlin is in here, watching.
text: With all the strength he can muster, Eggsy RIPS a BASIN free
text: and heaves it at the mirror. And again. Until it SHATTERS...
text: Water floods through into the Observation Room, creating a
dialog: powerful current that drags the candidates...
scene_heading: INT, OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT. 52
text: .-.And washes them out of the dorm, onto the floor of the
text: observation room, gasping like fish from a broken fish tank.
text: Merlin surveys the group.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Congratulations to all of you on
dialog: completing your first test. And in
dialog: particular, to Charlie... And
dialog: Eggsy. Who it seems has some
dialog: experience with two-way mirrors.
dialog: (off Charlie’s proud grin)
dialog: I'd wipe that smirk off your face
dialog: if I were you, and show some
dialog: respect. Not everybody passed.
text: Eggsy follows his gaze, and reacts in dismay.
text: Amelia is still in the dorm, lying in a corner. Motionless.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Training begins tomorrow, which I
dialog: will have nothing to do with.
dialog: Watching people train is boring.
dialog: When you see me, it means there's a
dialog: test. Your real dormitory is across
dialog: the hall. Get some sleep.
text: They leave in somber silence. Eggsy last, glancing back at
text: Amelia in disbelief. And TWO MEN enter, carrying her bodybag.
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. LAVISH RUSSIAN LIVING-ROOM - DAY. 53
text: An expensively furnished living-room. TWO CHILDREN in
text: expensive clothes squeal with delight as a clown wearing make-
text: up and a carnival mask finishes an elaborate BALLOON LION. We
text: May or may not recognise the clown immediately as Jack.
text: He passes it to the smaller child, who bounces happily, and
text: then talks gently to the other child in Russian, subtitled.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What animal would you like?
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: Penguin!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Penguin! My favorite!
speaker_heading: SMALLER CHILD
dialog: Lion is my favourite! Nanny, look!
text: We pull further back to see a young Russian NANNY sitting
text: nearby. She doesn’t look happy. She stares at:
text: Jack's belt. The handle of a GUN is clearly visible.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shall we show Daddy? Hold it up to
dialog: my little camera, he can see it.
text: He points to a FLOWER in his lapel. The children giggle.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: That’s not a camera, silly!
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE BANK - MOSCOW - DAY. 54
text: The Russian Bank Manager from Arthur’s flashback is at his
text: desk, sweating. On his computer, two windows are open -- one
text: data, the other live video of his kids and Jack-the-clown.
speaker_heading: BANK MANAGER
dialog: I’ve got it! I’ve got it. Okay. I'm
dialog: sending it now to the file drop you
dialog: gave me. And you will leave?
scene_heading: INT. LAVISH LIVING-ROOM - DAY. 55
text: Jack glances at his watch. It flashes. Jack smiles.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Yup. Just finishing a penguin.
text: A few more twists, and he hands it to the delighted child.
dialog: 56
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT’D)
dialog: (in Russian, subtitled)
dialog: I have to go. Lovely to meet you!
text: Jack stands and walks away, waving cheerfully as he leaves,
text: to loud “awww"s of protest from the children.
scene_heading: EXT. SECRET BASE - TRAINING AREA — DAY. 56
text: The recruits (in jumpsuits) follow Merlin past an ASSAULT
text: COURSE, to a row of KENNELS containing PUPPIES of all breeds.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: As some of you learned last night,
text: team work is paramount at Huntsman.
dialog: But I need you all to learn that.
dialog: Before we do the assault course,
dialog: you're each going to pick a puppy.
text: He gestures to them to approach the pens. We follow Eggsy
text: down the row of eager puppy faces. A tiny PUG cocks its head.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: From here on in, wherever you go,
dialog: your dog goes. You will care for
dialog: it. You will train it. Your dog is
dialog: your responsibility at all times.
dialog: Choose your puppy.
text: A CLATTER of cage doors, BARKING. Charlie, Henri, Rufus and
text: Ajit bag the service breeds: LABRADOR, COLLIE, ALSATIAN.
text: Panicking, Eggsy grabs the pug. Roxy grabs a STANDARD POODLE.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: A poodle?
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: What? They're gun dogs. Oldest
dialog: working breed. Easy to train.
dialog: (looking at his dog)
dialog: A pug?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: It’s a bulldog, innit?
dialog: (off her head-shake)
dialog: It'll get bigger, though, won’t it?
dialog: (another head-shake)
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Attention!
text: Everyone stands to attention, dogs running around their feet.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: The last candidate to complete the
dialog: course goes home. GO!
dialog: 57
dialog: 42.
text: Everyone rushes for the assault course. Eggsy looks down...
text: then back to the kennels: his dog is still there. Lying down.
text: Charlie, Henri, Rufus and Ajit leap onto the first obstacle,
text: YELLING instructions. Their dogs race off in every direction.
text: Charlie catches his, smacks it on the muzzle.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No! Bad. Stay.
text: Roxy, Kenji, Ulrich, Saba, Omar and Anton show more patience,
text: coaxing their dogs gently. But it’s anarchy. Suddenly, they
text: all turn to stare at something...
text: Eggsy is approaching in a classic slow movie power walk of
text: heroic determination. The Right Stuff. Armageddon. Reservoir
text: Dogs. Only slightly undercut by the little pug head poking
text: out of the collar of Eqgsy’s shirt.
text: Eggsy leaps onto the first obstacle. Hand’s free, it’s easy.
text: He continues, passing all the other recruits. Forges ahead.
text: Charlie, Henri, Rufus and Ajit try fruitlessly to copy him.
text: Henri tries to stuff his wriggling Doberman into his shirt.
text: Charlie has his shirt off and is trying to tie his Alsatian
text: to his back in a papoose. It scrabbles unhappily.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Christ! I swear, if this bastard
dialog: scratches me again...
text: Eggsy continues around the course, perfectly focussed. The
text: pug looks about as happy as a pug ever can.
text: Across the field, Ajit chases after his escaping Labrador.
text: At the last obstacle, Merlin waits with a clipboard.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN DINING ROOM - DAY. 57
text: Jack and Arthur are at the table.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: The name on the account is fake.
text: It’s entirely untraceable.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No surprise there. What else?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Multiple regular payments to the
dialog: mercenaries. Again, no surprise.
dialog: But there were a lot of other
dialog: rather large recent payments to
dialog: individuals. Rather prominent
dialog: individuals.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 58
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Scientists, doctors, academics,
dialog: artists, authors. A few of them
dialog: quite well known.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: How bizarre.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That wasn’t even the most
dialog: surprising discovery. That would
dialog: have to be the very large payment
dialog: made to Professor Alan Swanson.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You mean fromm Professor Swanson.
dialog: Ransom money.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, I don’t.
scene_heading: INT. DORM - NIGHT. 58
text: Everyone is asleep. Their dogs sleep too, in training crates
text: at the end of each bed. One crate is empty, and the bed
text: behind it - Ajit’s bed - is empty as well, and stripped bare.
text: The crate at the end of Eggsy’s bed is also empty, But
text: Eggsy’s dog is asleep, curled up on the bed.
text: Suddenly: WATER rains down on Eggsy! He sits up, terrified --
dialog: not again!!
text: Charlie is running away with an empty BUCKET. Henri, Rufus,
text: Ulrich, Omar and Kenji practically wet themselves laughing.
text: Eggsy leaps up and runs at Charlie, livid. In a flash, Roxy
text: is out of bed. She pulls Eggsy away.
speaker_heading: ROKY
dialog: Eggsy, forget it. Seriously. You'll
dialog: get thrown out. It's not worth it.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Maybe it’s worth it to me! Maybe I
dialog: don't care if I get kicked out!
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: But maybe I care. Maybe I want a
dialog: little bit of real competition,
dialog: here. If you’re gone: way too easy.
text: Her jokey bragging makes him smile. He lets her push him back
text: to his bed. His expression turns serious now. He whispers.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Why are you being nice to me?
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Because I'm nice. And because ten
dialog: years ago, I'd have been the one
text: getting ostracized.
dialog: (seeing his blank look)
dialog: Made to feel different. Just for
text: having a vagina.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: Fuck off!
speaker_heading: ROXKY
dialog: I didn't mean you have a vagina.
dialog: That came out wrong.
text: They both laugh. Eggsy climbs into his bed, feeling better.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY COURTYARD - DAY. 59
text: A beautiful courtyard on the historic campus. Establishing.
scene_heading: INT. PROFESSOR SWANSON'’S OFFICE - DAY. 60
text: Swanson is wearing a BLUE-TOOTH EAR-PIECE, carrying a CUP OF
text: TEA, as he enters. He drops the tea in shock as he sees:
text: Jack. Sitting calmly in an armchair.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Who are you? Get out!
text: Jack leaps up, grabs him by the collar. Swanson WHIMPERS.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: My colleague died trying to rescue
dialog: you and I‘m sure you saw how well
dialog: trained he was. So I suggest you
dialog: tell me who kidnapped you and why
dialog: they paid you to keep it quiet.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Excuse me?? T have no idea what
dialog: you're talking about. Now please -—-
text: Jack slaps him. Swanson starts to scream.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Man up, I barely touched you!
dialog: Christ's sake, I didn’t even --
text: Suddenly, Professor Swanson’s head SPONTANEOUSLY EXPLODES.
text: Literally. We’re talking Scanners, here. Jack is thrown back.
text: The back window SHATTERS and TWO ARMED THUGS burst in.
text: They open fire as Jack drags himself to the front window
text: behind him and hurls himself through it.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY COURTYARD - DAY. 61
text: Jack lies on the ground. It wasn’t the longest fall, but he’s
text: not in a good way. He‘s not getting up right now.
text: With his last energy, he grabs his CUFF-LINK and squeezes it.
scene_heading: INT. PROFESSOR SWANSON’S OFFICE - DAY. 62
text: There's an elegant CIGARETTE LIGHTER on the floor.
text: The thugs are running to the broken window, taking aim, when:
text: WOOF! The lighter EXPLODES.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY COURTYARD - DAY. 63
text: FLAME billows from the broken window. Other windows blow out.
text: Jack tries to get up, but he’s blacking out.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh bugger.
text: He presses his watch and collapses.
scene_heading: 3NT. VALENTINE’S HO - DAY. 64
text: Valentine is pacing angrily. Gazelle sits at a computer.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Sounded like an explosion. Did our
dialog: guys have explosives?
dialog: (off his head shake)
dialog: Great. Fuck! Fuck that guy. Whoever
dialog: he is, I’m gonna... He made me kill
dialog: Professor Swanson! I goddamn loved
dialog: Professor Swanson.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: Good news is, we know the emergency
text: and surveillance systems work.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Know what’s not good? “my colleague
dialog: died”. You heard the guy. This is
dialog: an organization, and they’re all
dialog: over us. Whoever you spoke to --
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: I told you, I made contact with the
text: KGB, M16, Mossad and Beijing. They
dialog: all insist he wasn’t one of theirs.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Beijing. It’s so freaky how there’s
dialog: no recognizable name for the
dialog: Chinese secret service. Now, that’s
dialog: what you call secret, right?!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (mercurial, he darkens)
dialog: Keep looking. I’m sitting here
dialog: waiting to push the button on phase
dialog: two. It's way late to be doubting
dialog: who we can trust.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Not happy, Gazelle. Not even a bit
dialog: happy- Know what? Fuck it. We’re
dialog: gonna need to speed things up.
dialog: Bring the product release forward.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: We're only halfway into production,
dialog: Speeding it up will cost a fortune.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Like I care! Just get it done!
scene_heading: 65 INT. KIT ROOM - DAY. 65
text: A TABLE here bears PISTOLS and WEBBING. Also, incongruously,
text: colorful HELIUM ANIMAL BALLOONS. Merlin picks up a PISTOL.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: This is our standard issue pistol,
dialog: made for us by Purdey and Sons of
dialog: London. As you see, it also fires a
dialog: shotgun cartridge for messy short-
dialog: range situations. Please note that
dialog: today you won’t use that function.
dialog: Take a gun, webbing, and two
dialog: balloons. And leave your dogs here.
scene_heading: 66 INT. SHOOTING HANGAR - DAY. 66
text: A MAZE -- like a laser-tag scenario, but much more elaborate.
text: The candidates follow Merlin in, wearing the webbing. Each
text: has two balloons tied to them, floating above their heads.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: Shoot other people’s balloons.
dialog: First to lose both is out. As is
dialog: anyone who hits a person. And by
dialog: “out”, I mean going home.
speaker_heading: SABA
dialog: Wait... These are real bullets.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Well spotted, Saba. Now, on the
text: first signal, scatter. On the
text: second, the hunt is on.
text: A KLAXON sounds and the candidates race for the labyrinth.
text: Balloons bob above the walls. Eggsy ducks as low as he can.
dialog: 67
dialog: Al.
text: Charlie and Henri creep together, in some kind of truce.
text: Ulrich climbs up into a small TOWER structure.
text: A SECOND KLAXON sounds. Then there is silence.
text: POP! One of Eggsy's balloons bursts. POP! Roxy loses one too.
text: Up in the tower, Ulrich is taking pot shots at everyone...
text: But now he’s the prime target. From their various locations,
text: every candidate now has his or her sights trained on Ulrich.
text: Everyone fires. POP! POP! Both of Ulrich’s balloons go...
text: Then he is HIT in the chest. He FALLS from the tower.
text: ANOTHER KLAXON sounds. It’s over. Everyone runs over to where
text: Ulrich is lying, groaning. Merlin approaches, too.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Medic! We need a medic!
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: No we don’t. Unlike Churchill’s
dialog: jumpsuits, ours have Kevlar woven
dialog: into them. The fall probably hurt
dialog: more than the shot. Just as well
dialog: you were the first to lose both
dialog: balloons, Ulxich. You can
dialog: recuperate at home instead of our
dialog: sick bay. And Anton? That was your
dialog: bullet, so pack your bags.
scene_heading: INT. SICK BAY - DAY. 67
text: dgack is in a sick bay bed. Merlin is here, and they’re
text: watching a screen playing footage of Professor Swanson’s head
text: exploding, in super-slow motion, on a loop.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You felt heat?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Heat. Yes. But mostly pain.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Are you familiar with pyroclastic
dialog: density currents?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Something to do with volcanoes?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Exactly. Superheated gas and
dialog: matter. Stand downwind in the wrong
dialog: conditions and your brain can cook
text: fast enough to shatter the skull.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right. Only there was no
text: superheated gas and matter. Just an
text: unoccupied room with a very
text: agitated academic in it.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I’m told even academics contain
dialog: fluid and soft tissue. Question is,
dialog: how did it get superheated?
text: Arthur enters.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: How are we? Shaken and stirred?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Never been better.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Four broken ribs, multiple
dialog: lacerations and concussion. Needs
dialog: to stay at least forty eight hours.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Still significantly healthier than
dialog: poor old Professor Swanson. Who
dialog: perished in a tragic gas leak, by
dialog: the way. There was talk of an
dialog: autopsy, but I dealt with it. So,
dialog: what do we have?
dialog: (looking at the screen)
dialog: Good grief.
text: On the screen, Swanson’s head slowly explodes again.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I ran a communications trace. The
dialog: Prof received a blank text to his
text: mobile. Just before his head blew.
text: Merlin touches the screen. The video freezes. It’s at an
text: especially amazing moment in the earliest stage of explosion.
text: Merlin points to the blue-tooth earpiece Swanson is wearing.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: Swanson's phone earpiece. Rigged to
dialog: deliver intense heat directly into
text: the ear canal. Triggered by a text.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's trace that text. ASAP.
scene_heading: 68 INT. MUSIC VENUE - ITALY - NIGHT. 68
text: A large venue somewhere in coastal Italy. ELTON JOHN is just
text: finishing a performance on stage. The huge CROWD going wild.
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 7
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC VENUE - ITALY - NIGHT. 69
text: By the stage door, a LIMO waits. Elton John forges towards it
text: through a crowd of FANS, assisted by TWO VENUE SECURITY GUYS.
scene_heading: INT, LIMOSUINE - NIGHT. 70
text: Elton gets in and the car pulls away. Now, his eyes widen:
text: Gazelle is sitting opposite him.
speaker_heading: ELTON
dialog: Who the fuck are you?!
dialog: (seeing Gazelle’s legs)
dialog: Sorry, but this is my fucking car --
dialog: {to the driver)
dialog: Stop! Driver! Stop! Parlo Inglese?!
dialog: Fucking stop!
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: No need. My boss is staying at a
dialog: Villa just along the coast. He's
dialog: dying to meet you.
text: Elton is about to unleash hell, then he sees Gazelle’s GUN.
speaker_heading: ELTON
dialog: Oh fucking hell. I’m going to
dialog: fucking die now, aren't I?
text: Gazelle takes a bottle of SODA from the ice bucket.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: No way. My boss adores you. Drink?
scene_heading: INT. DORM - NIGHT. 71
text: Three empty beds in here now, the mattresses bare. Eggsy lies
text: on his bed, exhausted, playing with his dog. Everyone else is
text: playing charades. Roxy's up.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: A play! Three words! Whole thing!
text: Roxy mimes sitting, checking her watch, tapping her foot.
speaker_heading: HENRI
dialog: Troilus et Cressida!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Waiting for Godot!
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Yes! Charlie got it!
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: KENJL
dialog: How the hell would that have been
dialog: Troilus and Cressida?!
text: Everyone LAUGHS. Eggsy looks over, totally excluded.
scene_heading: XT. SECRET BASE - DAY. 72
text: All the dogs sit obediently in a neat line. Watching...
text: The recruits scale the side of the building. Clearly they are
text: using the same special purple resin we saw Jack use earlier.
text: Eggsy is doing well. Saba is struggling. Merlin shouts up.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Remember: relax to release, tense
dialog: to hold. The resin responds to your
text: neurotransmitter chemicals.
text: Saba's hands peel away from the building and she falls...
text: Lands heavily on the ground. The dogs run over and sniff her.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT‘D)
dialog: That'll do for today. Saba -- pack
dialog: your bags. Everyone else, wash your
text: hands, then straight to room nine.
text: Everyone gets down, hurries off. Eggsy stops to help Saba up.
text: She’s clutching her back, in some pain from her fall.
speaker_heading: SABA
dialog: Leave me. Go wash your hands.
text: Eggsy wipes his hands on his trousers, smiles at her and puts
text: his arm around her for support her as she limps slowly back.
scene_heading: INT. PAIN TEST ROOM - DAY. 73
text: Eggsy, Roxy, Charlie, Henri, Omar, Rufus and Kenji sit
text: anxiously in SPECIAL CHAIRS with HANDLES on the arm rests.
text: They grab their handles and exchange uneasy looks.
text: Merlin moves over to a PULL SWITCH on the wall.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: First to let go goes home.
text: Merlin throws the switch.
text: Everyone reacts in AGONY. Teeth gritted, spines arching.
text: Rufus lets go of the handles and leaps up out of his seat.
text: While the others continue to endure their suffering, Merlin
text: points to the door and Rufus leaves, ashamed.
dialog: Sl.
text: Roxy and Eggsy are side by side, Roxy slumped, hair damp.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No, I'm done.
text: Roxy looks over to him, shakes her head, unable to speak.
text: Eggsy tries to remove his hands from the handles... But they
text: are glued there by the resin he failed to remove earlier.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit.
text: One by one, the others let go: Kenji... Omar...
text: Eggsy tries again to remove his hands, but he can’t.
text: Henri lets go... Then Roxy...
text: Just Eggsy and Charlie now. The others watch them intently.
text: Eggsy starts howling, writhing in his chair.
text: Charlie grits his teeth... But can’t take it. He lets go.
text: A split second later, Eggsy passes out.
text: Merlin throws the switch.
text: Eggsy is slumped forward, not moving. Roxy rushes for him,
text: checks his carotid pulse. Charlie saunters over and yanks his
text: arm. Eggsy's hand remains stuck to the handle.
text: Charlie grabs Eggsy’s hand and peels it carefully away from
text: the handle. He holds up Eggsy’s limp hand in angry triumph:
text: The palm is covered in purple resin.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He cheated! Look!
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: He won. Take him to the sick bay.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This better not get him out of the
dialog: general knowledge test tomorrow.
scene_heading: 74 INT. SICK BAY - NIGHT. 74
text: Eggsy wakes up in the sick bay. He looks around to see his
text: dog asleep on the end of his bed... And Jack in the next bed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s not normally this crowded.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: What are you doing here? You okay?
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Excellent, thanks. No... Actually,
dialog: not so excellent. Worried. About
dialog: you. About throwing you into this
dialog: situation. And how you've been
text: treated by the others. So: guilty.
dialog: Rather unhappy and guilty. or is
dialog: that “TMI” as you young folk say?
speaker_heading: EGosy
dialog: I've never said “TMI”.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It means “too much information.”
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: I know... Listen, don’t stress. You
dialog: gave me a chance. I‘m just sorry I
dialog: ain’t gonna make it. Tomorrow I’m
dialog: out of here for having “F.A.I”.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: “Fuck all information”. We’ve got
dialog: the general knowledge test.
dialog: (spotting Jack’s Ipad)
dialog: Actually, can I borrow your Ipad? I
dialog: could revise a bit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (handing it over)
dialog: I'm impressed. That shows spirit.
dialog: Determination.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
text: It shows blind fucking optimism.
dialog: That lot have had years of the best
dialog: education money can buy and I’m
text: pissing around on the internet like
dialog: I can catch up in a few hours.
text: Arthur and Merlin enter. Arthur looks at Eggsy.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: What‘s he do:ing here? Get him out.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's okay. He's trustworthy.
text: Arthur shrugs and Merlin activates the SCREEN by Jack’s bed.
text: A photo appears: Valentine.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Ta da. Richmond Valentine.
dialog: Philanthropist and tech
dialog: billionaire.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I know him! Their phones are shit.
text: Jack, Arthur and Merlin look at him sharply.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shut up, Eggsy.
dialog: (to Merli
dialog: Wait, you traced the text to him
dialog: personally? Or to his company?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: It came from a number registered to
dialog: a charitable foundation he runs.
dialog: Climate change research. Billions
dialog: of dollars went through it over the
dialog: last decade, then for the last two
dialog: years, nothing. And not a single
dialog: current registered employee. Either
dialog: he lost interest in saving the
dialog: earth or we're looking at a major
dialog: tax dodge that's never been
dialog: investigated.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: This fellow is extremely well-
dialog: connected. Well placed to pursue
dialog: his own agenda, whatever it may be.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Whatever it is, he considered
dialog: Professor Swanson’s life a fair
dialog: price for keeping it quiet.
dialog: Any further updates on the other
dialog: abductions?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: We’re up to twenty three at the
dialog: last count. Scientists, doctors,
dialog: academics. No obvious link with
dialog: Swanson or Valentine, but it’s too
dialog: much of a coincidence to discount.
speaker_heading: ARTEUR
dialog: Still, the whole business has been
text: rather overshadowed by the
dialog: celebrity disappearances.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There are more? Since Elton John?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Elton John disappeared?
scene_heading: JACK, ARTHUR AND MERLIN
dialog: Shut up, Eggsy.
dialog: 75
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Two more, Stephen Hawking this
dialog: weekend. And Lady G’Gar today.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Gaga.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I think it’s time for Valentine and
dialog: I te have a téte-a-téte.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY PRISON CELI, —- DAY. 75
dialog: The most luxurious prison cell we’ve ever seen. If it weren’t
text: for the bars that divide it from the corridor outside, it
text: would look like a suite in one of the world’s finest hotels.
text: There doesn’t seem to be anyone in here.
text: Valentine approaches carrying a silver DOMED SALVER.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Sir Elton? I have your dinner! Had
text: it flown in directly from London.
text: SPLAT. Something brown hits Valentine in the face. It locks
text: worryingly like shit.
text: And now Sir Elton John storms towards the bars, incandescent.
speaker_heading: ELTON
dialog: And I have your fucking dinner!
dialog: Flown in directly from my arsehole!
dialog: Want some more?!
text: He's holding A TURD in his hand. He flings it at Valentine.
text: This time, Valentine dodges it and backs away from the bars.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: It’s... From your favorite Indian
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: ELTON
dialog: You can stick it down the end of
dialog: your fucking cock, you fucking
dialog: psycho! Let me out! NOW!
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I told you. You can go home any
dialog: time. If you agree to the
dialog: conditions.
speaker_heading: ELTON
dialog: Well I don’t fucking agree! I am
dialog: never, EVER going to fucking agree!
dialog: 
dialog: 76
scene_heading: INT. SICK BAY ~ NIGHT.
dialog: 55.
dialog: 76
text: Jack is asleep. It’s dark, beside the glow from the Ipad in
text: Eggsy's hand. He’s chanting softly under his breath.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Armenia: Yerevan. Australia:
dialog: Canberra. Austria: Vienna.
text: Jack blinks awake. He can hear Eggsy, and it’s annoying.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT’D)
dialog: Azerbaijan: Baku. Bahamas: Nassau.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Trying tc learn all the capitals.
dialog: They always ask that shit in
dialog: general knowledge tests.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Do it in your head. You know the
dialog: trick? Make up something to link
dialog: the words. Sillier the better. If
dialog: it makes you laugh, you'll always
dialog: remember it. Name a country.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Okay... Bahrain.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Capital city, Manama. I think of
text: two sheep in a field, and it’s
text: raining. One says: “baaa! Rain!”
dialog: And the other starts doing a little
text: dance to the Muppet song.
dialog: (waving his arms stiffly)
dialog: Manama-na. Doo-doo doo doo doo.
text: Eggsy grins. Jack lies back down, pleased. Closes his eyes.
text: Eggsy is silent for a while. Then loudly bursts out LAUGHING.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT’D)
dialog: Eggsy!
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Sorry. I just thought of a really
dialog: funny one for Armenia.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay, I tell you what -- if you get
dialog: some sleep now, I’il lend you my
dialog: lucky pen to do the test with.
text: Jack scrabbles on the bedside table and grabs a MONT BLANC
text: PEN. He tosses it onto Eggsy's bed.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 56.
text: Eggsy picks it up, looks at it suspiciously. It’s a nice pen.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: How lucky is it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Very lucky. Go to sleep.
text: Eggsy shrugs, puts the Ipad aside and lies down to sleep.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY. 77
text: The candidates scribble away furiously at their exam papers.
text: Eggsy stares miserably at his. All the answers are blank. At
text: Eggsy's feet, his little dog looks up at him wistfully.
text: Suddenly, the Mont Blanc pen begins to vibrate. Eggsy
text: inspects it, curious. It looks normal. He draws a scribble.
text: Suddenly it begins to vibrate again... And starts writing by
text: itself, quickly, dragging Eggsy’s hand along.
text: It writes: “WINSTON CHURCHILL FAILED HIS A-LEVELS. DIDN'T
text: STOP HIM FROM SAVING ENGLAND. EVERYBODY DESERVES A CHANCE.”
text: Stunned, Eggsy picks up the pen. He peers at the nib.
scene_heading: INT. SICK BAY - DAY. 78
text: Jack is now dressed and sitting in the chair by the bed,
text: ANOTHER PEN in his hand, a sheet of paper before him and his
text: phone propped up. On the phone’s screen we see:
text: A slight fish-eye view of Eggsy‘s staring EYE. Then his FACE.
text: An amazed, grateful smile spreading across his lips.
text: The image from the pen camera moves away from Eggsy’s face to
text: land instead on: The first QUESTION on Eggsy’s exam paper.
text: Jack starts to write.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM ~ DAY. 79
text: Eggsy scribbles away happily. Or rather, the pen does.
speaker_heading: NT RM - . 80
text: Six beds are empty now. Eggsy is back in his own bed. Roxy is
text: reading. Charlie kicks the leg of Eggsy’s bed as he passes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're a fucking cheat. When I find
dialog: out how you did it, you’re screwed.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Just because I didn’t go to private
dialog: school doesn’t mean -—
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh no, I’m sure you're highly
dialog: educated. What have you got? A
dialog: vocational diploma in carjacking? A
dialog: B-Tec in impregnating ugly girls
dialog: round the back of a bus sheiter?
text: Eggsy sits up, hackles rising. Fist clenching. Roxy shoots
text: him a look. He swallows his fury and looks away. Not today.
scene_heading: EXT. VALENTINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT. 81
text: A palatial estate. Establishing.
scene_heading: INT. VALENTINE’S HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT. 82
text: Jack, in a green smoking jacket, follows A BUTLER. The Butler
text: is wearing an EAR-PIECE like the one Professor Swanson wore.
text: As they near the dining room, TWO ATTRACTIVE YOUNG ASSISTANTS
text: pass. They wear EAR-PIECES. One holds a pile of PAPERWORK.
scene_heading: INT. VALENTINE’S DINING ROOM - NIGHT. 83
text: A magnificent dining room, the large table formally set for
text: two. Valentine sits here, dressed extremely casually. The
text: Butler opens the door and announces Jack.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Mr. Roman DeVere.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Hey, man. Sorry I didn’t feel the
dialog: need to dress up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Think nothing of it.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I don’t know how it is in England,
dialog: but over here it's considered a
dialog: little bit bourgeois.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’ve always felt that over-dressed
dialog: is preferable to under-dressed.
dialog: When one is a guest, that is.
text: Jack undoes his tie, sits. Valentine pours him wine.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you for your invitation. I
dialog: must say I wasn’t expecting such a
dialog: prompt reply to my request,
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Well, I gotta admit: I was
dialog: intrigued to meet you. There aren’t
dialog: many billionaires I don't know.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don’t doubt it.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: So, I had my people look into your
dialog: accounts. Obviously. That’s some
dialog: pretty old money you’re from. How'd
dialog: your family make it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Property, mostly. Property and the
dialog: markets. Nothing questionable, if
dialog: that’s your concern.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Listen, you ask me, all money is
dialog: dirty. I'm just into finding out
dialog: what caliber of person you are. I’m
dialog: sure you get that.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I most certainly do.
text: The butler re-enters carrying MCDONALDS on a silver salver.
text: Jack doesn't flinch.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT’D)
dialog: The Big Mac, please.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Good call. But for me, you can’t
text: beat two cheese burgers, with
dialog: secret sauce. Goes great with a ‘55
dialog: Haut Brion.
text: Jack takes a sip of his wine.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A classic pairing. And may I
dialog: suggest twinkies and a 1937 Chateau
dialog: Yquem for pudding?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Great idea. So, let’s talk. You
dialog: wanna donate to my foundation...
dialog: You are aware that I've wound
dialog: things down in that area?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Climate change is a threat that
dialog: affects us all, Mr Valentine. And
dialog: you're one of the few powerful men
dialog: who seems to share my concerns.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: A billion is a lot to offer any
dialog: organization. Especially one that’s
dialog: been inactive for two years.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: About the right amount to get it
dialog: kickstarted again? That's my hope.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I shut it down because I didn’t get
dialog: anywhere. Every bit of research
dialog: pointed to the same thing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That carbon emissions are a red
dialog: herring and we‘re past the point of
dialog: no return no matter what remedial
dialog: actions we take?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You know your shit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There are times when I envy the
dialog: blissful ignorance of those less
dialog: well-versed in their shit. As
dialog: Swanson always said: “humankind is
dialog: the only virus cursed to live with
dialog: the horrifying knowledge of its
dialog: host's fragile mortality.”
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Professor Swanson, man. I was
dialog: bummed about that. Loved that guy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who didn’t.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Yeah. It’s funny, not a lot of
dialog: people have heard of him.
dialog: (then, pointed)
dialog: You a fan of spy movies, Mr DeVere?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: These days they’re all a little
dialog: serious for my taste. But the old
dialog: ones... Marvelous. Give me a far-
dialog: fetched, theatrical plot any day.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Right! The old Bond movies. Man.
dialog: When I was a kid, that was, like,
dialog: my dream job. Gentleman spy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I always felt. the old Bond movies
dialog: were only as good as the villain.
dialog: As a child, I rather fancied a
text: future as a colorful megalomaniac.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Well. Isn‘t it a pity we both had
dialog: to grow up.
dialog: (finishing his burger)
dialog: Let's have dessert in the drawing
dialog: room.
scene_heading: 84 INT. VALENTINE’S HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT. 84
text: Valentine is seeing Jack out at the front door.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Gimme a little time to think on
dialog: your proposal, okay? My people will
dialog: be in touch.
text: Jack leaves and Valentine shuts the door. Then he pulls out
text: his phone and makes a video-call to Gazelle.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE (ON PHONE SCREEN)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Definitely.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE (ON PHONE SCREEN)
dialog: Want me to follow him? I was gonna
dialog: go get the next person on your list
dialog: tomorrow, but I can reschedule.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: No need. Nano-tracker gel in the
dialog: Haut Brion. We'll know his every
dialog: move. At least until he has a shit.
scene_heading: 85 INT. HERCULES PLANE - DAY. 85
text: Eggsy, Roxy, Charlie, Henri, Omar and Kenji are here, wearing
text: HALO parachuting suits. Roxy has her eyes closed.
speaker_heading: ROKY
dialog: Fuckfuckfuckfuck.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: What? Don’t like heights?
dialog: 86
dialog: él.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Yeah. It’s okay, I’ve done it
dialog: before. Which is probably why, come
dialog: to think of it.
text: Before Eggsy can respond, Merlin stands, addresses them all.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Listen up! Your target is a red “H”
dialog: -- that’s H for Huntsman. Your
dialog: mission is to land in it without
dialog: the radar detecting you. If I read
dialog: you on radar or you do not land in
dialog: the H, you will not be joining the
dialog: H. Understood?
text: Everybody murmurs their assent. Merlin grabs a loop and puts
text: on a HELMET. The candidates follow suit.
text: The back of the plane opens.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
text: Dropzone coming up. Twenty seconds.
text: A BEEP begins, counting down. Everybody charges to the hatch.
text: Merlin strolls past them, jumps out first.
text: Then one by one, the rest pile out. Eggsy goes second to
text: last, Roxy behind him. She clings to the door frame. Eggsy
text: pats her on the back before he jumps.
text: Roxy closes her eyes arid, reluctantly, follows.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SKY - DAY. 86
text: The six candidates plummet through the sky. Insanely high up.
text: Merlin is already out of sight.
text: Eggsy surveys his HEADS UP DISPLAY. He locates the H, and
text: begins to enjoy the flying sequence, everyone jockeying for
text: first position, trash-talking through the comms.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Cheer up, Eggsy! I’ll get the
dialog: kettle on when I land, have a nice
dialog: cup of tea waiting for you.
speaker_heading: HENRI
dialog: I don't know, Charlie. It might get
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Didn’t know Charlie knew how to
dialog: work a kettle.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: KENJI
dialog: Don't worry, I'll be down there
dialog: first to show him.
text: Suddenly, Merlin’s voice cuts in,
speaker_heading: MERLIN (¥.0.)
dialog: My my, you're all very cheerful.
dialog: Did you really think this was going
dialog: to be straightforward?
dialog: (a nerve jangling beat)
dialog: Any idiot can use a heads-up
dialog: display. A Huntsman agent needs to
dialog: be able to solve problems under
dialog: pressure. Like what to do when one
dialog: of your group has no parachute.
speaker_heading: KENIT
dialog: Which one?!
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HENRI
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: I told you: aim for the H, come in
dialog: under the radar. And I hope not to
dialog: be scraping one of you up. But if I
dialog: do, and it’s from inside the H,
dialog: please know I'll be very impressed.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Everybody listen! I’ve got a plan —-
dialog: pair off! Grab the closest person.
text: Nobody argues. Henri grabs Charlie. Roxy grabs Omar. Eggsy
text: reaches out for Kenji.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: Kenji?
text: Kenji is panicking. The ground now seems far closer now.
text: Gripped by fear, Kenji pulls his rip-cord. Nothing happens.
text: He and Eggsy lock eyes. Kenji tries again.
text: Kenji’s PARACHUTE opens, and he disappears from view.
speaker_heading: EGSSY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit! We're an odd number now,
dialog: Kenji, you wanker!... Quick, make a
dialog: circle!
text: Roxy grabs Eggsy’s hancl. With his free one, he grabs Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Fuck off, Eggsy! We'll all die!
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
text: We pull our cords one by one. Soon
dialog: as we know who's fucked, person on
text: their right grabs them.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: Good plan, Eggsy. You have thirty
dialog: seconds. Hurry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Me first.
text: Charlie doesn’t wait for a response. He pulls his cord. His
text: chute opens and he shoots upwards.
text: Henri goes next. His chute opens too.
dialog: 
text: Omar’s chute also opens:
text: Just Eggsy and Roxy left now. Roxy is petrified.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Hold me tight. It’ll be okay.
dialog: Promise. Yours first, okay?
text: Roxy nods. They hold each other. Eggsy pulls Roxy’s cord.
text: Roxy’s chute opens and they both fly up.
text: Eggsy struggles to hold on to her. He ends up clinging to her
text: leg. Roxy is screaming.
text: They hit the ground hard.
text: We pull back to see: they are the only ones in the H. Merlin
text: is standing nearby. He walks over.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Congratulations. You two managed to
dialog: set a record. Opening at three
dialog: hundred feet was pretty ballsy.
text: Omar lands in the H. Followed by Henri and Charlie.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I should fail the rest of you. You
dialog: opened too early, people. You were
dialog: all over that radar. But given the
dialog: circumstances I’ll let you all off.
dialog: {Kenji lands behind him)
dialog: Except Kenji. Pack your bags.
text: Kenji walks away from the group, ashamed.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Sorry sir, but why the fuck did you
dialog: choose me as the gimp? Am I the
dialog: expendable candidate?
dialog: 87
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Don’t bellow, Eggsy. If you have a
text: complaint, whisper it in my ear.
dialog: Come on. Don"t be shy.
text: Eggsy approaches him, nervous now. He gets close. He’s about
text: to whisper to Merlin... when Merlin whispers to him instead.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT‘D)
dialog: You really need to take that chip
dialog: off your shoulder.
text: He pulls Eggsy’s cord. The chute opens, sending him flying.
scene_heading: EXT. CALIFORNIAN DESERT! - DAY. 87
text: The middle of nowhere. A MOTORBIKE tears across the sand, the
text: rider cutting loose, doing tricks, just for the hell of it.
text: Suddenly a HELICOPTER appears. The Biker changes direction.
text: The helicopter banks, follows him. Is this a chase now?
text: Finally, the helicopter lands.
dialog: 
text: The rider stops, takes off his helmet. He is DAVID BECKHAM,
text: From nowhere, a BLACK 4X4 drives towards him, fast.
text: Gazelle gets out of the helicopter. Beckham calls out to him.
speaker_heading: BECKHAM
dialog: Oh come on, this is one of my few
dialog: escapes. Just take your picture and
dialog: then get lost, alright?
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: I‘m not paparazzi, Mr Beckham, I’m
dialog: here to collect you.
speaker_heading: BECKHAM
dialog: What? Who are you?
text: Two SECURITY GUARDS burst from the 4X4 and charge at Gazelle.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: You! Step away from Mr. Beckham!
text: To everyone’s surprise, Gazelle begins to run towards them.
text: He bounds into the air, and with a flying kick...
text: Siashes the throat of one of the Security Guards. The Guard
text: crumples to his knees, clutching his neck, then collapses.
text: The Second Security guard reaches for his weapon but... a
text: roundhouse move from Gazelle leaves him cleanly beheaded.
text: Beckham is terrified. He holds his hands up in surrender.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: My boss will explain everything.
dialog: And there’s a lovely bottle of
dialog: Chateau Petrus on board, your
dialog: favorite. I mean you no harm.
dialog: Please know that as long as you get
dialog: in the helicopter, I'm under very
dialog: strict instruction not to hurt you.
speaker_heading: BECKHAM
dialog: Really?
text: Gazelle nods reassuringly, and Beckham walks towards him.
text: Reaching Gazelle's side, Beckham kicks him in the balls.
speaker_heading: BECKHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: So I can do that?
dialog: (Gazelle nods, in pain)
dialog: And I could do it again? And you’re
dialog: not allowed to retaliate?
dialog: (heading for the chopper)
dialog: How long’s the journey?
scene_heading: 88 INT. HUNTSMAN GENTS LOG - DAY. 88
text: We hear a toilet FLUSH. And Jack exits the cubicle. Arthur is
text: here, washing his hands. Jack joins him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Valentine was on to me, Arthur. I
dialog: think it’s time to get MI5 onboard.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: We can’t make the same mistake we
dialog: did with Bin Laden pre 9-11. Look
dialog: how long it took the agencies to
dialog: act on our information, and he was
dialog: a known terrorist, for gods sake.
dialog: We need something conerete first.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: He didn’t let me out of his sight.
dialog: All I got was this. On the way in.
text: Jack takes his phone from his pocket, shows it to Arthur:
text: A PHOTO of Valentine's Assistants. Jack zooms in on the
text: paperwork one of them is holding. Top of the pile: AN
scene_heading: INVITATION TO ROYAL ASCOT.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Excellent. Only a few days until
dialog: he’s on our home turf, then. We can
dialog: keep tabs on him, gather some more
dialog: intel. Oh, and in case you hadn’t
dialog: heard, some football type has gone
text: missing now.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 89 INT. DORM - NIGHT. 89
text: Eggsy, Roxy and Charlie sleep. All other beds are empty now.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. NEWS CONFERENCE - DAY. 90
text: Valentine talks to a large gathering of INTERNATIONAL PRESS.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: In the past, I’ve gone on record
dialog: saying that I want to make a
dialog: difference. It’s a phrase you hear
dialog: a lot. And what tends to follow it
dialog: are actions that have very little
dialog: net effect on our daily lives.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Well... I’m here to put my money
dialog: where my mouth is. And right into
text: the pockets of the man and woman on
dialog: the street. Every year, each of us
dialog: spends on average nearly two
dialog: thousand dollars on cell phone and
dialog: internet usage. It is my privilege
dialog: to announce: those days are over.
text: A curtain behind Valentine swishes open to reveal: a huge
text: SCREEN. On it, an image of A SATELLITE in SPACE.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT’D)
dialog: From tomorrow, every man, woman and
dialog: child who so desires can claim a
dialog: free sim card and usb stick,
dialog: compatible with any phone, any
dialog: computer, in order to utilise my
dialog: communications network. For free.
dialog: (There is wild APPLAUSE)
dialog: And now I'd like to introduce you
dialog: to the spokesman for this venture -—
dialog: aman who we were all very happy to
dialog: learn was simply a victim of bad
dialog: reporting: David Beckham!
text: David Beckham walks out to WILD CHEERING.
scene_heading: 91 INT. JACKS STUDY - DAY. 91
text: Jack is at his computer, watching the news report.
speaker_heading: BECKHAM (ON TV)
dialog: Not half as happy as I am!
speaker_heading: (pausing for LAUGHTER)
dialog: But today isn’t about me. It’s
dialog: about the incredible generosity of
dialog: this man right here. You heard him!
dialog: Free calls. Free internet. For
dialog: everyone. Forever.
dialog: 
dialog: 92
dialog: 67.
text: The crowd GO CRAZY. Jack pauses on a C/U of Beckham. He‘’s
text: wearing an EARPIECE. Jack puts on his glasses, calls Arthur.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Arthur. Seen Beckham? Back, saying
dialog: he was never gone, Wearing an
text: earpiece. Swanson all over again.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (V.O.)
dialog: Let’s try to avoid having his head
dialog: explode this time, shall we?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I doubt I‘1l get to him. He has a
text: twenty four hour security detail.
dialog: I’m more concerned about Valentine
dialog: putting his technology in millions
dialog: of people’s homes, their pockets.
dialog: We've seen what it can do.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: That technology requires an
dialog: earpiece. We’ve no reason to
dialog: suspect this scheme is connected.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Regardless... I don't like it.
dialog: Let's get hold of one of these
dialog: things and have Merlin analyze it.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSAGENTS - DAY. 92
text: A small council estate shop. A rowdy CROWD outside jostle to
text: get in. Eggsy’s friends Jamal and Ryan are among the throng.
text: At the door, Eqgsy’s mum Michelle, phone in hand, struggles.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Oi, Mrs P! You get one?
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Yeah. Been queuing all day.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: (pointing to his eye)
dialog: You get that in there?!
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: No. You heard from Eqgsy?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Nah. But don’t worry love, he’ll
dialog: turn up soon. He always does.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 93 INT, REC ROOM - DAY. 93
text: Eggsy, Roxy and Charlie are watching TV NEWS. Merlin enters.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER (V.Q.)
dialog: «Similar scenes played out
dialog: worldwide, as shops ran out of the
dialog: sim cards and usb sticks within
dialog: hours of receiving new deliveries.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Thought we were done for the day,
dialog: did you? We‘’re not. Go and put on
dialog: your best clothes.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I’ve only got what I came in.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: I‘ll authorize the bursar to give
dialog: you some funds. You can buy
dialog: yourself something on the way.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: On the way to where?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: London. Lulu’s nightclub, to be
dialog: precise. You're going to use your
dialog: NLP training to win over a selected
dialog: target whose photo is now on your
dialog: bed. And when I say “win over”, I
dialog: mean it in the biblical sense.
scene_heading: 94 INT. DORM ~ NIGHT. o4
text: Eggsy, Roxy and Charlie run to their beds and grab the
text: PHOTOGRAPHS waiting there. Eggsy shows Roxy his: a VERY
scene_heading: PRETTY POSH GIRL. Text reads: “LADY SOPHIE MONTAGUE-HERRING”
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Easy. Posh girls love a bit of
dialog: rough.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We'll see about that, won’t we,
text: Charlie shows Eggsy hig photo: It’s the same girl.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: We certainly will.
text: Roxy holds up her photo. It’s Lady Sophie again.
text: We move into the photo and match cut to...
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. LULU‘S - NIGHT. 95
text: Lady Sophie, in the flesh. Dancing in a classy nightclub,
text: full of well-dressed YCUNG PEOPLE.
text: We pull back, out of the front window of the club, to...
scene_heading: EXT. LULU'S - NIGHT. 96
text: The queue outside. More well-dressed YOUNG PEOPLE wait to get
text: in. Even the BOUNCERS look elegant. Charlie and Roxy are at
text: the back of the line, both impeccably dressed.
text: Presently, Eggsy arrives. He stares at the queue in dismay.
text: He's wearing DESIGNER SPORTSWEAR. Charlie laughs loudly.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Ignore him, Eggsy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, ignore me, you look great. If
dialog: you're going to a gypsy wedding.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Fuck off, these crepes cost three
dialog: hundred quid! Nike Le Bron X! And I
dialog: dunno why you're so smug. You look
dialog: like you're trying to pull the
dialog: Queen Mother,
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: The Queen’s third cousin, actually.
text: He’s at the front of the queue now. He hands the bouncer his
text: INVITATION and moves past with a smirk. Roxy shows hers, and
text: the bouncer ushers her in. At Eggsy’s, however, he hesitates.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: I'm afraid I can't let you in, sir.
dialog: We have a strict dress code.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: We're together.
text: The bouncer shrugs apologetically.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Just go in, Roxy. Thanks anyway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Aw, you ruined my plan! I was going
dialog: to let you talk to Lady Sophie
text: first and then swoop in to rescue
dialog: her once she was sufficiently
dialog: disgusted.
text: And with that, Charlie swans inside. And Eggsy walks away.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND THE CLUB - NIGHT. 97
text: A SIGN outside the back-door reads: “LULU’S - NO ENTRANCE.
text: DELIVERIES DURING OFFICE HOURS ONLY.” Eggsy is here, trying
text: to pick the lock. Not having much luck. Suddenly the door
text: swings open violently, hitting him.
text: A pretty waitress, 20s, holding an unlit cigarette and a
text: lighter, stares at him in surprise. This is POPPY. When she
text: speaks, it’s with an accent similar to Eggsy's.
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: Shit, sorry! You alright?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Yeah. Don’t suppose you wanna turn
dialog: a blind eye if I come in this way?
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: (lighting her cigarette)
dialog: They’1l only chuck you out, dressed
dialog: like that. Anyway, place is full of
dialog: arseholes. Unless you were planning
dialog: to rob it, I wouldn’t bother.
text: Eggsy can’t help but smile. She's cute.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Ain’t totally full of arseholes.
dialog: You're in there.
text: She smiles back and takes off her apron.
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: Not for long. Early shift today.
dialog: Knocking off soon, if you wanna
dialog: take me for a drink.
dialog: (off his hesitation)
dialog: Listen, when I said about what you
dialog: was wearing... I meant from their
dialog: point of view. Personally, I think
dialog: you look fit as.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: You ain't bad yourself. Look, my
dialog: mates are in there. How about you
dialog: let me in now, and tomorrow I'11
dialog: take you wherever you want?
text: She thinks on this a moment. Then she smiles at Eggsy, and
text: holds open the door for him.
scene_heading: INT. LULU‘S SERVICE CORRIDOR. 98
text: Eggsy heads down the corridor past CRATES OF CHAMPAGNE. He
text: passes a store room. Over the pounding of MUSIC from the club
text: beyond, we can hear MOANS coming from inside. Eggsy peeks in.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 71.
text: Behind a stack of wine crates, there‘s an intense threesome
text: going on: Lady Sophie, Roxy and Charlie.
text: Eggsy has lost. He's out. He storms towards the exit,
text: stealing a bottle of Champagne as he passes.
text: At the door, Poppy is putting out her cigarette.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Know what? Fuck it, babe. Let's
dialog: have that drink.
scene_heading: INT. POPPY’S DODGY FLAT! - NIGHT. 99
text: Eggsy and Poppy fall in through the door, drunk.
text: She pushes him to the couch, pulls off her top, puts her hand
text: down his pants as they kiss. He’s lost in the moment until:
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: You work for Huntsman, don’t you?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: For who?
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: It’s alright babe, you can tell me,
dialog: I won‘t tell no one. They always
dialog: send people to Lulu’s.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Dunno what you’re on about.
text: She pulls away, looks apologetic. Then speaks in Russian.
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Suddenly, THREE BIG RUSSIAN GUYS burst in from another room
text: and swarm Eggsy. One throws a hood over Eggsy’s head.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY TRACK - NIGHT. 100
text: Eggsy is tied to a railway track. The Three Russian Guys and
text: Poppy stand over him. Poppy now speaks in a Russian accent.
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: We've been monitoring the Huntsman
dialog: shop, Eggsy. We saw you there. This
dialog: doesn’t have to be so hard.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I told you, I work for the post
dialog: office! I drop stuff off all over
dialog: London. Whoever you think I am,
dialog: you've got the wrong bloke.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: You went in to Huntsman one night,
dialog: and didn’t come out again.
text: There’s a distant HONK. A train coming. Eggsy starts to cry.
speaker_heading: POPPY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is Huntsman worth dying for?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Just let me go! Please!
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: You don’t have to die. Do you work
dialog: for Huntsman | ?
text: The TRAIN is in view now. Eggsy just SOBS.
speaker_heading: POPPY (CONT'D)
dialog: Last chance!
text: Poppy and the Guys back away. The train looms. Eggsy SCREAMS.
text: Just as the train is about to hit him, the section of track
text: that Eggsy is tied to DROPS abruptly.
text: Eggsy is now three feet below the track, concrete walls on
text: either side of him. The train THUNDERS overhead.
text: Just the clear night sky above Eggsy now. Silence. And then a
text: GRINDING NOISE as his section of track RISES back into place.
text: Poppy and the Men are gone. Standing in their place is: Jack.
text: He smiles and starts to cut Eggsy free.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Congratulations! Bloody well done!
dialog: And the tears -- incredible acting!
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I wasn't fucking acting!
text: He gets up, furious. Jack looks taken aback.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: What? No! Of course I’m not! What’s
dialog: wrong with you?!
text: Jack pulls out his phone and presses PLAY on a video. ON THE
text: SCREEN: footage of Charlie, Sophie and Roxy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Maybe this'll cheer up you a bit?
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I'm not really in the mood, thanks.
text: Jake pushes the phone at Eggsy, making him look.
scene_heading: INT. LULU‘S STORE ROOM - NIGHT. 101
text: Lady Sophie whispers something to Charlie. He whispers back.
text: Then Lady Sophie stands up and rearranges her dress as the
text: two Bouncers burst in and throw a SACK over Roxy’s head.
text: They drag her out. Sophie follows, leaving Charlie alone.
text: Moments later, Arthur enters, looking furious. Charlie
text: miserably does up his trousers, humiliated.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACKS - NIGHT. 102
text: Eggsy looks away from the phone, not cheered up at all.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Charlie didn’t even make it to the
dialog: real test. Gave his identity away
text: mid-fellatio.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No one expected me to pull Lady
dialog: Sophie, did they? They didn’t even
dialog: expect me to get in.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It didn't matter who any of you
dialog: ended up with. The test always ends
dialog: the same way.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Oh yeah? And the back up is always
dialog: a chavvy waitress is it? Or was she
dialog: just for me? Admit it, Jack -- I'm
dialog: not like you. I’m not like any of
dialog: you. Just give the job to Roxy. I
dialog: don't belong at Huntsman.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The results of your tests suggest
dialog: otherwise. Come on, Let’s go.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Were you listening? I don’t wanna
dialog: go back.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then come with me, instead. I want
dialog: to show you something.
dialog: 103
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S MEWS HOUSE - NIGHT, 103
text: Eggsy is looking at all the stupid headlines on Jack’s wall.
text: Jack points to the recently added one about Kim Kardashian.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That was the headline the day after
dialog: I diffused a dirty bomb in Paris.
text: He points to another: “BRANGELINA TO BUY 22M LONDON PAD?”
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
text: Broke up an undercover spy ring at
dialog: the Pentagon,
text: He points to an old, yellowed one: A picture of BOY GEORGE
text: beside the headline “SEX? I’D PREFER A NICE CUP OF TEA!”
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Foiled the assassination of
dialog: Margaret Thatcher. My first
dialog: mission.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Not everybody would thank you for
dialog: that one.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The point is, Eggsy, nobody thanked
dialog: me for any of them. The front page
dialog: news on all these occasions was
dialog: celebrity nonsense, because the
dialog: nature of Huntsman is that our
dialog: achievements remain secret.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: And this is supposed to make me
dialog: want to stay?
text: Now Jack fixes two glasses of whiskey as he talks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: People like Charlie are all ego.
dialog: They're after glory. And that’s not
dialog: Huntsman. The best we can offer is
text: the warm glow of a job well done. A
dialog: job that matters a great deal...
dialog: You're not lazy, Eggsy. If you
dialog: wanted an ordinary life and an
dialog: ordinary job, you’d have got one,
dialog: despite your protestations. I saw
dialog: it in you as soon as I met you. You
dialog: were looking for something more.
text: Jack hands Eggsy a whiskey and he downs it in one.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT’D)
dialog: No, no. One may down brandy, but
text: whiskey is sipped. This is a 1943
dialog: Dalmore, the finest single malt. It
dialog: should be drunk with a splash of
dialog: room-temperature water, never with
dialog: ice, and it should be savored. Let
dialog: it comfort you with a slow hug, not
dialog: a quick fuck,
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: See?! I don’t know this stuff! I
dialog: don't know shit! Maybe be I am
dialog: looking for something more out of
dialog: life -- doesn’t change the basic
dialog: fact that I don’t fit in!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh for god’s sake. All that can be
dialog: learnt. It’s what you have
dialog: naturally that can't.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: You lot had a lifetime to learn it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stop whining, will you? Plenty of
dialog: us didn’t. Arthur didn’t. Like most
dialog: snobs, he came from perfectly
dialog: humble roots. He started out at
dialog: Huntsman as a bloody pattern
dialog: cutter! Tell you what, get some
dialog: sleep -- guest room’s on the left --
dialog: and tomorrow, you'll give me a day
dialog: of your time. Then decide. Deal?
dialog: 
text: Jack holds out his hand. Eggsy hesitates. Then shakes it.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. ST. JAMES’ AVENUE - DAY. 104
text: A wide shot. Jack and Eggsy walk down the street.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: So, are you going to teach me how
dialog: to talk “proper” as well? Like in
dialog: My Fair Lady?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don’t be absurd. Being a gentleman
dialog: has nothing to do with one’s
dialog: accent. It‘s about being at ease in
dialog: one’s own s +» Now, your suit will
dialog: be ready by lunch. But the
dialog: accessories are just as important.
dialog: 
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. LOBB SHOE SHOP ~ DAY. 105
text: An incredibly classy men’s shoe shop. The STAFF greet Jack
text: warmly as he and Eggsy enter.
text: Jack picks out a pair of Oxfords.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Oxfords not brogues.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Very good.
text: In the FITTING ROOM, Eggsy tries them on. They look weird
text: with the track suit bottoms he’s wearing.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Huntsman has long enjoyed a
dialog: relationship with certain other
dialog: places serving gentlemen’s needs.
dialog: These are no ordinary Oxfords. Do
dialog: your best impression of a German
text: aristocrat's formal greeting.
text: Eggsy looks uncertain, then does a Nazi salute.
text: Jack rolls his eyes, stands up and clicks his heels together.
text: A BLADE snaps out of the toe of his shoe,
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT’D)
dialog: In the old days they had a phone in
text: the heel, as well. Blade's coated
dialog: with Polonium, so be careful.
text: Eggsy clicks his heels. His own blade pops out.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: How do I get it back in?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Very carefully.
text: Jack stamps his heel. The blade retracts.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAINE ADENEY BRIGG - DAY. 106
text: A 250 year old leather-goods emporium. Jack and Eggsy enter.
scene_heading: NT W. EY BRIGG - DAY. 107
text: Jack shows Eggsy a very cool-looking BRIEFCASE.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They used one like this in From
dialog: Russia with Love. But this model
dialog: has many more features.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 77.
text: Eggsy is distracted by a beautiful WHEELED BAG nearby.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Do I need a briefcase? Could I use
dialog: one of these instead?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: My boy, if you become a Huntsman
dialog: you can have the pick of anything
dialog: you like, and Merlin will conform
dialog: it to Huntsman specifications.
text: They look at the UMBRELLAS and WALKING STICKS.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I always wanted a sword stick.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh, we have those. But why bring a
dialog: knife to a gunfight?
dialog: (he cocks an umbrella)
text: More lethal than an M16 assault
text: rifle, but in the right hands, the
dialog: perfect way to stay dry. If only
dialog: the Americans could comprehend
dialog: that.
scene_heading: EXT. TURNBULL AND ASSER - DAY. 108
dialog: The venerable shirt-makers.
scene_heading: INT. TURNBULL AND ASSER_- DAY. 109
text: Eggsy is trying on a SHIRT in the fitting room.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A gentleman always wears a double
dialog: cuff. And these are made with
dialog: reinforced cotton to handle the
dialog: Huntsman cuff-link. May feel a
dialog: little stiff at first -- there’s
text: kevlar woven into the thread. But
dialog: you'll be glad of it if you should
dialog: ever need it. You like this one?
text: Eggsy admires himself in the mirror and nods. Then, pensive:
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I feel bad. You buying me all this
dialog: stuff. I/1]1 pay you back.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh nonsense. It’s not as if I have
dialog: anyone else to spend money on. And
dialog: as they say, you can’t take it with
dialog: you when you go.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: 110 INT. BERRY BROTHERS AND) RUDD - DAY. 110
text: A beautiful wine shop. Eggsy looks around, confused.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Exploding liquid in the bottle?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don’t be silly. Thats made by
dialog: Floris, next door. And it smells
dialog: good enough to be aftershave.
text: Jack leads him to a flight of back stairs leading downstairs.
scene_heading: 111 INT. BERRY BROTHERS PRIVATE DINING ROOM 111
text: There’s a dining table down here, elaborately set. They sit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here’s the one place we can go for
dialog: a good meal and a fabulous drink
dialog: without having to watch our
dialog: tongues. Now, there’s no point
dialog: locking like a gentleman if you
dialog: can’t eat like one. But it’s not
dialog: hard. Once everyone is seated, you
dialog: unfold your napkin and place it on
dialog: your lap.
text: Jack demonstrates. Eggsy follows suit.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: If you leave the table during the
dialog: meal, you lay the napkin casually
dialog: on the table. Don’t re-fold it.
text: Eggsy nods, listening intently. A WAITER appears at his
text: shoulder with a silver tray of BREAD ROLLS.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: One serves oneself when offered a
dialog: dish in this way. But if the dish
dialog: is placed on the table, you offer
dialog: it to your immediate neighbors
dialog: before taking your own portion.
text: Eggsy nods and takes a bread roll.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Always break bread with your hands,
dialog: never cut. And this is a butter
dialog: knife. The only one to remember.
dialog: (holding his up)
text: The rest of the cutlery is easy:
dialog: start on the outside, work your way
dialog: in with each course. And never let
dialog: anyone describe you as “H.K.L.P”.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: "Holds knife like pen”. A habit
dialog: erroneously believed to be upper
dialog: class dining etiquette. It is quite
dialog: the opposite.
text: The waiter returns with a SOUP TUREEN. Eggsy serves himself.
speaker_heading: GACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Excellent.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Do I wait ‘til everyone's been
dialog: served to start eating?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Only if the dish being served is
dialog: cold, or if the Queen is present.
dialog: Otherwise, tuck in.
text: Eggsy starts eating his soup, scooping it towards himself.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Other way. Always push the spoon
dialog: away from you.
text: Eggsy jokily picks up the bowl and brings it to his mouth.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: This is okay though, right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Actually if you're in Japan, it's
dialog: absolutely the done thing.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. HUNTSMAN SHOP - DAY, 112
text: Jack pauses dramatically outside the shop.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Now for the piece de resistance!
scene_heading: 113 INT. HUNTSMAN SHOP - DAY. 113
text: Jack leads Eggsy to the fitting room. One of the TAILORS
text: stops them. He addresses Jack.
speaker_heading: TAILOR
dialog: I‘m so sorry, sir, but a gentleman
text: is completing his fitting. Fitting
dialog: room two is available, if you like?
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: One does not use room two when
dialog: popping ones cherry. We'll wait.
text: The fitting room door opens and Valentine steps out in
text: Huntsman'’s finest morning suit. Jack stays cool.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT‘D)
dialog: It’s not often that I’m the one who
text: looks under-dressed,.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Mr. DeVere! What a coincidence! You
dialog: are totally why I’m here! There I
dialog: was, admiring your smoking jacket,
dialog: and I suddenly realized it was the
dialog: same cut as my father’s. He always
dialog: had his suits made here. And
dialog: apparently you gotta have one of
dialog: these crazy penguin costumes for
dialog: Ascot. So here I am! What are you
dialog: doing here?
dialog: (he looks at Eggsy)
dialog: This your son?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: My new valet. I’m just introducing
dialog: him to my tailor.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Another coincidence! Me too.
text: He indicates Gazelle, now emerging from the changing room.
text: Jack maintains his composed smile and slips on his glasses.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN DINING ROOM - DAY. 114
text: on the screen: footage of Valentine on the shop floor, as
text: recorded live now by Jack. Arthur puts on his own glasses.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I know, I know. Don’t spook him. I
dialog: spoke with him, and you’re right --
dialog: he’s onto us. We can’t go to Ascot,
dialog: but MI5 can. I’m contacting them
dialog: now. You win, Galahad.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN SHOP —- DAY. 115
text: dack continues his polite talk with Valentine.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have you had a chance to think any
dialog: further on my proposal?
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You'll be hearing from us ver
dialog: soon. I guarantee it.
text: He takes off the morning jacket -- chalked for alterations —-
text: hands it to the tailor and heads for the door.
text: As Valentine leaves, he is discretely followed by UNDERCOVER
dialog: SECURITY MEN we had previously taken to be casual customers.
text: As soon as they’ve all left, the tailor ushers Eggsy into the
text: dressing room, and Jack urgently resumes his conversation.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And if MI5 don’t bite?
text: Jack listens to the reply, sighs. He removes his glasses.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN FITTING ROOM - DAY. 116
text: Jack enters to see Eggsy admiring the beautiful SUIT that is
text: hanging here, feeling the fabric. In awe.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So. Are you back in?
dialog: (off Eggsy’s eager nod)
dialog: Excellent.
text: Jack gets out his lighter and shoots Eggsy with a dart. And
text: we fade to black.
scene_heading: EXT. COLOMBIAN STREET -- DAY. 117
text: An ECU of a HANDWRITTEN NOTE. It reads: “YOUR PASSPORT IS
text: UNDER THE MATTRESS IN THE MASTER BEDROOM AT 188 CAHILLA
text: STREET. IF YOU'RE NOT BACK AT BASE IN 24 HOURS, YOU ARE OUT.”
text: We pull back to see that the note has been stuck to Eqgsy’s
text: forehead. He's still out cold. Pulling further back, we see
text: that he is naked... And lying in the road. We can hear a loud
text: HONKING. It wakes Eggsy up.
text: The honking is coming from A POLICE CAR. Eggsy gets
text: unsteadily to his feet, utterly confused... He rips the note
text: from his forehead and reads it as he approaches the cop car.
text: A COP leaps out, gun om Eggsy. Eggsy puts his hands up.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN COP
dialog: (in Spanish, subtitled)
dialog: Cover your balls!
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I don’t speak your language.
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 122
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN COP
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Cover you balls you English pig.
text: Eggsy does as he’s told. The Cop pulls out HANDCUFFS, but
text: before he can use them, Eggsy punches him out cold. Eggsy
text: leans down to study the Cop’s BADGE.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: Colombia! ?
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM - DAY. 118
text: Another HANDWRITTEN NOTE.It says: “YOUR PASSPORT IS ON DECK
text: FOUR. IF YOU'RE NOT BACK AT BASE IN 24 HOURS, YOU ARE OUT.”
text: We pull back to see that it is taped to the chest of a naked,
text: sleeping Roxy. She wakes up, reads the note,
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY.
text: Roxy exits the storage room and stumbles into a corridor.
text: Seeing a BIN, she pulls out the BIN-LINER and makes a poncho.
scene_heading: EXT. COP CAR/COLOMBIAN STREET - DAY. 119
text: Close on the INSIGNIA on the cop car door. We jib up to
text: reveal: Eggsy, in the driver’s seat, now wearing the Cop‘s
text: uniform. He punches the address into the SAT NAV.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: Piece of piss.
text: He turns on the radio and the sirens and speeds away.
scene_heading: INT. MORE CORRIDORS - DAY. 120
text: Roxy explores another corridor. A SIGN with an arrow points
text: to “DECK FOUR”. She follows it.
scene_heading: EXT. OIL RIG DECK -~ DAY. 121
text: Roxy steps outside. At her feet she sees: her PASSPORT. Then
text: she looks up and her face falls.
text: We pull back to reveal: She is on an isolated OIL RIG.
scene_heading: EXT. COLOMBIAN MANSION - DAY. 122
text: The cop car pulls up.
text: Inside, Eggsy uses the Cop’s phone to get online. ON THE
scene_heading: SCREEN: we see the home-page for “GOOGLE TRANSLATE.”
dialog: 123
dialog: 83.
text: Moments later, Eggsy is knocking on the huge front door. It
text: opens to reveal an incredulous INTIMIDATING MAN. Eggsy speaks
text: to him in European Spanish, subtitled.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I have a need to check your house.
text: The man laughs. Eggsy pulls out the phone, tries again.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT’D)
dialog: I must search inside your house.
scene_heading: INTIMIDATING MAN
dialog: (In Spanish, subtitled)
dialog: Is this a joke?
speaker_heading: EGGSSY
dialog: Hold on, repeto?
scene_heading: INTIMIDATING MAN
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Respect??
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Aaaah, no, I... Repeto? “Repeat?” I
dialog: didn’t understand. Look, may I --
scene_heading: INTIMIDATING MAN
dialog: Maybe you will understand this.
text: The Man slams the door shut... And then all hell breaks
text: loose. MACHINE GUNS open fire. Eggsy scrambles into the car
text: and reverses as it is riddled by a hail of bullets.
scene_heading: EXT. CAHILLA STREET - DAY. 123
text: A safe distance from the mansion, Eggsy gets out of the car.
text: A MUFFLED SCREAM is coming from the trunk. Eggsy opens it to
text: reveal the Cop, in his underwear, handcuffed.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: What the fuck is going on?
text: He sits up. Seeing the mansion up the street, he laughs.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: Crazy gringo. You try to go there?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: They have my passport.
dialog: cop
dialog: This is house of Carlos Peres.
dialog: Cartel leader. Maybe biggest in
dialog: Colombia. You work for him?
text: Eggsy un-cuffs the Cop, who climbs out.
dialog: 127
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No! I’m on your side. I'll let you
dialog: go. But I need your gun.
speaker_heading: coP
dialog: You try to kill them? You crazy.
text: The cop leans into the car. He opens the seat to reveal:
text: A hidden cache of GUNS.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT‘D)
dialog: But doing something I would love to
dialog: do. Take your pick.
scene_heading: INT. OIL RIG CONTROL CENTER ~ DAY. 124
text: Roxy tries the radio. It's dead. She tries a few other
text: buttons. All dead. There’s no power.
scene_heading: INT. GALLEY - DAY. 125
text: Roxy opens the fridge, the cupboards. They’re empty.
text: On the counter are a few LADS’ MAGAZINES. Roxy reads the date
text: on the cover of one. It says: OCTOBER 1992.
text: She looks at the others, with an expression that betrays her
text: heart sinking feeling: this rig has been decommissioned.
text: She rummages under the sink and finds: a pad of STESL WOOL
text: for scrubbing pans. She looks pleased, leaves purposefully,
text: taking the wire wool and magazines with her.
scene_heading: INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS - DAY. 126
text: Roxy enters. The beds are bare. She begins to search the
text: room. There are no clothes in the closets or drawers.
text: But in one drawer, she finds: a TV REMOTE. She kisses
text: Then she rips open the back panel, tips out the BATTERY.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. DRILLING PLATFORM - DAY. 127
text: Over the pile of magazines, Roxy fiddles with the wire wool
text: and the battery, concentrating hard. Suddenly: SPARKS!
text: In moments, one of the magazines is ON FIRE. She picks it up.
scene_heading: EXT. ASCOT RACES, ROYAL ENCLOSURE - DAY. 128
text: Beautifully dressed aristocrats enjoy mingling, champagne and
text: horse racing. In that order. Some wear EARPIECES.
dialog: 129
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Noah had a chance to make the world
dialog: a better place but he blew it. I
dialog: mean, mosquitos? Ticks? Really?
text: Now we see that he is flirting with a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. She
text: laughs appreciatively, then gives him a teasing smile.
speaker_heading: BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
dialog: I‘ve not seen you watch a single
dialog: race yet. I’m not sure why you
dialog: bothered coming here today.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: People to see, you know. But it’s
dialog: always nice to mix business with
dialog: pleasure.
speaker_heading: BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
dialog: I have an instinct that’s something
dialog: you're extremely good at.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I think my reputation precedes me.
speaker_heading: BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
dialog: It does indeed... I hope you’ll
dialog: forgive me, there’s something I
dialog: really must do.
text: Valentine looks perplexed. Did he misread her signals? Then
text: suddenly the woman leans in, kisses him passionately...
text: Until they’re interrupted by a SUITED OFFICIAL.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Mr Valentine, sir. Their Royal
dialog: Highnesses will speak with you
dialog: now.
text: He throws the woman an apologetic “whatcha gonna do?” look.
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S CAR - DAY. 129
text: The woman gets into the driver’s seat of Jack’s car, wiping
text: her mouth. She claws at. her face, tears off her LATEX MASK.
text: It's Jack! He puts on his glasses.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: Nice work. Last agent who used one
dialog: of those swallowed the damn thing
dialog: before he could plant it. The
text: tracker’s working.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (in the woman’s voice)
dialog: At least until he takes a shit.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: {He fiddles with his
dialog: NECKLACE; his voice
dialog: returns to normal)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: We've started coating the trackers
text: with a constipating formula. Buys
dialog: us at least thirty six hours.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Any news on Eggsy?
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0O.}
dialog: Nothing on either of them yet. What
dialog: happened to MI5? No sign of anyone?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Arthur was right first time —-
text: dragging their heels, as usual. The
text: head of it was there looking as if
dialog: he didn’t have a care in the world
dialog: besides whether his horse won. You
dialog: monitor Valentine, I'll go home and
dialog: slip into something more
dialog: 
dialog: comfortable.
scene_heading: INT, COLOMBIAN MANSION - WALK-IN WARDROBE - DAY. 130
text: The window in here is covered with A THIN WIRE MESH SCREEN.
text: Outside, we see the silhouette of a SILENCER PISTOL.
text: Then -- PFFT -- a bullet comes through the screen,
text: Eggsy’s hand, wrapped in his police shirt, snakes through the
text: hole, expanding it, until he can reach through to the CATCH.
text: Eggsy pushes the screen. It lifts. He climbs into the room.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION FIRST FLOOR LANDING - DAY 131
text: Eggsy creeps along the landing, peering into the bedrooms.
text: A HUGE CARTEL GUARD is coming up the stairs.
text: Eggsy times his run perfectly, meeting the Guard with a
text: jujitsu neck-hold that prevents him from making any noise.
text: The Guard struggles, trying to shake Eggsy off, but Eggsy
text: hangs on until the guard drops to the floor, unconscious.
scene_heading: EXT. OIL RIG - DAY. 132
text: The oil rig is now a BLAZING INFERNO.
text: We pull back further to reveal Roxy in a SMALL INFLATABLE
text: LIFEBOAT. She's waving her arms, passport in hand.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 87.
text: Pulling back further still, we see a HELICOPTER approaching.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION MASTER BEDROOM - DAY. 133
text: A GORGEOUS WOMAN is asleep here. Eggsy creeps towards her.
text: Holding his breath, he slips his hand under the mattress.
text: It's unbearably tense. The woman stirs...
text: And wakes up! Face to face with Eggsy. Panicking, he grabs
text: the mattress and yanks it up, tipping her to the ground.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Sorry!
text: The bed base is exposed. There is nothing there.
text: The woman SCREAMS, trapped under the mattress. We can hear
text: the thundering of many, many heavy FOOTFALLS, men running.
text: And now Eggsy can see them: FOUR GUARDS, running, guns drawn,
text: and a well-dressed older man, CARLOS PERES.
text: The woman finally wriggles from beneath the mattress. Seeing
text: the men coming, she dives back under it, taking cover.
text: Eggsy draws his gun, but he is well and truly fucked.
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S HOUSE - DAY. 134
text: Jack wears his glasses, on a call.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Think he's headed for the airport?
scene_heading: EXT. SECRET BASE AIR STRIP - DAY. 135
text: Merlin and Arthur wait outside, both on the call to Jack.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: It's possible. Arthur's updated
dialog: MI5. Should be the boot up the arse
dialog: they need. I’1l keep you posted.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.0.)
dialog: Don’t take your eyes off hin,
dialog: please. Not until he’s in custody.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Agreed.
dialog: (removing his glasses)
dialog: A-ha. Here she is.
text: Roxy walks triumphantly towards them.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: And two minutes to spare! Very well
dialog: done, Roxy.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Indeed. Heartiest congratulations,
dialog: and welcome to Huntsman. Our
dialog: tailors aren't accustomed to making
dialog: ladies’ suits, but I’m sure they’ll
dialog: rise to occasion.
text: Arthur holds out his hand. Roxy shakes it uncertainly.
speaker_heading: ROKY
dialog: Eggsy hasn't made it back?
dialog: {off his head shake)
dialog: But he’s okay?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: We've not had any word. What’s the
dialog: matter? You should be celebrating.
text: A JET appears on the horizon. Merlin’s watch flashes. He dons
text: his glasses to take a call.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Yes, Control? Yes, I see it.
dialog: (To Arthur}
dialog: We have an unidentified plane
text: approaching, looks like it’s
dialog: intending to land. Get clear.
text: The three of them begin to run as the Jet bears down on them,
text: A BLACK GULF STREAM, unbelievably loud. Running in the other
text: direction, ARMED HUNTSMEN SECURITY rush out towards it.
text: The jet lands and comes to a stop right next to them.
dialog: 
text: The jet DOOR opens. Security train their rifles.
text: Suddenly, a bound, gagged Carlos Peres is hurled from the
text: jet. Seconds later, Eggsy emerges.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Hope you don"t mind I brought
dialog: Carlos. Just thought if he was
dialog: gonna do time, he should do it
dialog: here. Learn something about the
dialog: effect his trade has on the end
dialog: user. Am I late?
text: Everyone gapes at him. Roxy runs forward, jumping over Carlos
text: Peres to hug Eggsy. He looks at Arthur and Merlin.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope nicking a plane's not
dialog: against the rules. It’s just that
dialog: you forgot to hide my passport.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: (knowing full well)
dialog: Did we?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You're within the time, Eggsy.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
text: So. The tests continue.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Let them shower and change first.
scene_heading: 136 INT. ARTHUR'S SECRET BASE OFFICE — DAY.
dialog: gg.
dialog: 136
text: Eggsy enters. Arthur is playing with Eggsy’s dog.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: He’s very sweet. What's his name?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
speaker_heading: JB.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: As in James Bond?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No, as in Jason Bourne,
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Jolly good. It pains me to admit
dialog: it, Eggsy, but you’ve done better
dialog: than I could ever have imagined.
text: He draws a GUN and points it at Eggsy, who doesn’t flinch.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT’D)
dialog: Take it.
dialog: (Eggsy does)
dialog: Now shoot JB.
text: Eggsy tries to hide his horror. He raises the gun and aims it
text: at his dog. The dog walks up to the barrel and licks it.
text: Eggsy lowers the gun in despair. No way he can do this.
text: From another room, we hear: A GUNSHOT.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT’D)
text: At least the girl has some balls.
text: Eggsy grabs the dog and runs from the room.
text: watches him go. Then he picks up the phone.
dialog: Arthur just
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT’D)
dialog: Merlin, bring Roxy in, please. And
dialog: contact the agents. We’ll hold her
text: swearing-in ceremony in an hour.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET BASE - DAY. 137
text: Eggsy gets into a Bristol car and begins to hot-wire it. His
text: little dog watches from the passenger seat.
scene_heading: EXT. SECRET BASE - DAY. 138
text: The Bristol speeds out of the hangar and races away.
scene_heading: INT. EGGSY’S MUM'S FLAT - DAY 139
text: The doorbell RINGS. Michelle answers it, to see: Eggsy. His
text: dog at his side. Michelle throws her arms around him.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Oh my god, where have you been?
dialog: I‘ve been so worried!
text: Now he sees her black eye. Anger rising.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: I’m fine, Eggsy. Don’t get
dialog: involved. Let me make you a tea.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: No, I should never have left you
dialog: alone. This stops right now. Look
dialog: after the dog. I’ll be right back.
scene_heading: EXT. PUB - DAY 140
text: Dean and his Gang Boys are sitting outside, drinking. The
text: Bristol pulls up. To their disbelief, Eggsy opens the window.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Oi. Dean. Can I have a word?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Only if you get out that poncy car
dialog: first. And only if the word is “ow,
dialog: you broke my nose.”
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: That‘s five words. But no worries.
dialog: About time you hit a man instead of
dialog: a bird. Tell your muppets to go
text: inside, and 1’11 get out the car.
text: Dean nods and the Boys all run inside. Seconds later, they
text: appear at the pub window, craning for a good view.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Come on then, you little prick.
text: Eggsy smiles calmly and reaches for the door handle. THUNK.
text: The lock clicks shut. Eggsy tries to pull it. It won’t budge.
text: Dean looks at him, incredulous.
text: Eggsy reacts in total dismay and puzzlement as -- ROAR! ~-
text: the engine starts. And the car pulls away!
text: The Gang Boys LAUGH loudly. Dean yells after him.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Chicken shit! Come back when you've
dialog: grown a pair!
scene_heading: INT. BRISTOL CAR - DAY 141
text: Eggsy is seething. Nothing he does has any effect. Pedals,
text: steering wheel, gear stick -- they’re all locked in place.
text: And still the car keeps driving.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK’S HOUSE - DAY 142
text: The Bristol comes hurtling down Jack's mews. Jack is standing
text: at his front door, holding a REMOTE CONTROL.
text: The car stops sharply beside him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If there were such thing as an
dialog: ejector seat, I'd be using it right
dialog: now. Get out.
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S HOUSE ~ DAY. 143
text: Jack shuts the door and rounds on Eggsy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You threw away your greatest
dialog: achievement over a fucking dog. And
dialog: then you stole one of our cars.
dialog: Thanks for humiliating me.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: If you think it’s alright to shoot
dialog: a dog just to get a fucking job,
dialog: then I’m happy I humiliated you.
dialog: I’m only sorry I didn't do worse.
text: Jack grabs Eggsy by his collar and marches him to the loo. He
text: kicks the door open to reveal: A MOUNTED TAXIDERMY DOG.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're right! And the guilt never
dialog: left me, but I understood the
dialog: importance of following orders, and
dialog: Mr Pickle here reminds me of that
dialog: every time I take a shit.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: You shot your dog and had it
dialog: stuffed, you sick fuck!?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. I shot my dog. And then I
dialog: brought him home and continued to
dialog: care for him for the next eleven
dialog: years until he died of
text: pancreatitis. It was a blank,
dialog: Eggsy. It was a fucking blank.
dialog: (off Eggsy’s silence)
dialog: And do you remember Amelia?
dialog: (off his nod)
dialog: She works at our tech department in
dialog: Berlin. She’s fine. Limits must be
text: tested, but Huntsman only condones
text: risking a life to save another.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Oh yeah? Like my dad saved yours?
dialog: Even though your fuck up cost his?
text: This hits Jack hard. His emotional dam finally breaks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And as long as I live, I’ll never
dialog: forget it. Never forgive myself.
dialog: Can't you see that? That all I’ve
dialog: ever wanted is to make it right
dialog: somehow? Can't you see that
dialog: everything I’ve done is about
dialog: trying to repay him? By giving his
dialog: son a new life. The life he so
dialog: dearly wanted for himself.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: (moved, softening)
dialog: I‘m sorry. You gave me a chance.
dialog: I'll always be grateful for that.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna take what you taught me
dialog: and try and do something good with
dialog: my life. For my dad. And for you.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Shall I take the car back now?
text: They are interrupted by a SIGNAL from Jack's watch. He puts
text: on his glasses, throws Eggsy an apologetic look.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: ++-You're joking! Where the hell
dialog: were MI5?!... Any idea of the
dialog: destination . Well there are
dialog: dozens of airports in Kansas, do we
dialog: know which one?... I’m on my way.
dialog: (glasses off, to Eggsy)
dialog: I'm sorry, I need to go. Look, I'll
dialog: be back in a couple of days. Stay
dialog: here ‘til then. I’1l call Merlin,
dialog: and when everything's calmed down,
dialog: I'll take you in and finesse
dialog: things. If we’re lucky, we may be
dialog: able to secure you a job in admin,
dialog: or train you up as a pilot.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Thank you. Honestly. I’11 do
dialog: anything. I’ll be a cleaner, even.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH OF THE SAVIOUR - DAY. 144
dialog: Think the church from November Rain, only much bigger.
text: We swoop in and see A LARGE SIGN: “AMERICA IS DOOMED”,
text: Inflammatory slogans appear on smaller POSTERS all over.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: From everything I can find online,
dialog: the Church of the Saviour is some
dialog: kind of hate group. You inside now?
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH ~ DAY. 145
text: The rally has begun. The CHURCH LEADER, 60s, is bellowing.
speaker_heading: CHURCH LEADER
dialog: Watch the news! AIDS, floods, the
dialog: blood of the innocent spilled...
dialog: And yet there are those who doubt
dialog: that this is the wrath of God??
text: The CONGREGATION jeer in agreement. Jack is here trying his
text: best to blend in. He puts on his glasses and scans the room.
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: CHURCH LEADER (CONT'D)
dialog: Our filthy Goverment condones
dialog: sodomy, divorce and abortion... And
dialog: yet some still doubt that this is
dialog: the work of The Antichrist?
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S HOUSE ~ NIGHT. 146
text: Eggsy is using Jack’s computer to check his Facebook. Posts
text: saying “where da fuck r u???” etc. Suddenly, a WINDOW pops
text: up: a LIVE VIDEO showing what Jack is seeing. Audio, too.
speaker_heading: CHURCH LEADER (V.0)
dialog: To those I say: you may not be a
dialog: fag, a Jew, a nigger, or a whore
dialog: who has congress out of wedlock...
text: Jack's is looking around the room, now focussing on HIDDEN
text: CAMERAS. There are many. Then he looks back to the pulpit.
speaker_heading: CHURCH LEADER (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: You may not yourself be a dirty
dialog: foreigner, a perverted Catholic or
dialog: a murdering soldier...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY. 147
text: The Church Leader is getting louder.
speaker_heading: CHURCH LEADER
dialog: But if you enable those who are:
dialog: GOD. HATES. YOU. And he will SMITE
dialog: your sons and daughters and he will
dialog: rejoice in your tears!
text: The crowd CHEERS. Jack looks around again. No Valentine. He
text: gets up to leave. A BLONDE WOMAN beside him gives him a look.
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: Hey! What’s your problem?
text: Jack leans in and whispers to her as he slips past her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m a Catholic whore currently
dialog: enjoying congress out of wedlock
dialog: with my black, Jewish boyfriend who
dialog: works in a military abortion
dialog: clinic. Hail Satan and have a
dialog: lovely afternoon, madam.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL WINNEBAGO - DAY. 148
text: A trailer full of EQUIPMENT. MONITORS show live feed from the
text: cameras in the church. Valentine is here with Gazelle.
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Start the test! Quick, before he
dialog: leaves. Wait! Put your earpiece in!
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: We're well out of range. 1000 feet?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Listen, if I’m wrong about the
dialog: range, I'm the one who's screwed.
dialog: So I’m not taking any chances.
dialog: (Gazelle puts his on)
dialog: Okay. Go.
dialog: (Gazelle taps some keys)
dialog: Now let‘s just hope enough of these
dialog: freaks have our sim cards.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH ~ DAY. 149
text: Jack is edging down a side-aisle towards the exit as the
text: Church Leader continues.
speaker_heading: CHURCH LEADER
dialog: And to those who would threaten our
dialog: first amendment rights, I say —-
text: He stops. There’s a strange high-pitched WHINE coming from
text: multiple directions. He gets his PHONE out, perplexed.
text: In the congregation, eyeryone is having a similar reaction.
text: The whine continues. A few people checking their PHONES, too.
text: In the aisle Jack staggers, feeling peculiar.
text: The Church Leader tears| the CROSS from the wall behind him.
text: Then he locks eyes with a HEAVY-SET MAN in the front row...
text: And charges at him, IMPALING him with the cross.
text: A second later, all hell breaks loose and the congregation
text: begin to VICIOUSLY ATTACK one another. Several have GUNS.
text: A TALL MAN charges at Jack. Jack draws his own gun and pistol
text: whips the man, knocking him to the ground...
text: But then he keeps hitting him. Can't stop. Whatever these
text: urges are, Jack is affected too. He ranges into the melee.
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S HOUSE - DAY. 150
text: Eggsy watches the mayhem onscreen, dumbstruck.
text: It's wholesale slaughter, but Jack's trained killer status is
text: distinctly apparent: he’s cutting his way across the room,
text: taking people down, leaving a trail of bodies behind him.
text: Eggsy clicks something that looks like a communication icon.
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Jack? Can you hear me? What are you
dialog: doing?! What's happening?
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 151
text: Valentine and Gazelle watch, pleased.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Bingo! Nailed it! Response rate:
dialog: one hundred percent.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: Hmmm. But these guys were pretty
dialog: aggressive already. God hates this,
dialog: god hates that...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: But they liked each other just
dialog: fine. It works, damn it.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: I'm just saying if you'd chosen,
dialog: like, Buddhists or something...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: The fuss that woulda caused is the
dialog: last thing we need this close to V
dialog: day. Everyone thinks these guys are
dialog: nuts already. It’s perfect. And we
dialog: even got to wipe out the Huntsman.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: Not yet...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY. 152
text: Jack is choking the Church Leader to death.
text: Behind him, a woman repeatedly slams another woman's head
text: into a pew, until she is suddenly shot in the head.
text: Jack drops the dead Church Leader and turns to see that he
text: and an ARMED MAN are the last two standing. Jack draws his
text: gun and shoots, but he’s out of ammo.
text: The man fires, misses. Now he’s out of ammo too... and Jack
text: is upon him with a SILVER CANDLESTICK. WHAM. He goes down,
text: It’s quiet now except for the WHINE. Suddenly, it STOPS.
text: Coming back to his senses now, Jack surveys the scene. And
text: he’s horrified. He hears Eggsy’s voice.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (V.0.)
dialog: Jack? Jack! Can you hear me?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They did something to me. To
dialog: everyone. I I’ve got to get out.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 153 EXT. CHURCH ~ DAY. 153
text: Jack bursts out into the open, only to see: Gazelle sprinting
text: towards him, gun aimed. Valentine walks behind, leisurely.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: Drop your weapons.
dialog: (Jack drops his gun)
dialog: All of them.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Judging by the fact that he used a
dialog: candlestick for his last kill, I’m
dialog: thinking he’s outta tricks. Am I
dialog: right or am I right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What did you do to me? I had no
dialog: control. I would never... I killed
dialog: all those people. I wanted to.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Clever, isn't it? In simple terms,
dialog: it’s a neurological wave that
dialog: triggers the centre of aggression
text: and switches off inhibitors.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Transmitted through your nasty free
dialog: Sim cards, I assume.
text: Valentine starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You know what this is getting like?
dialog: It’s getting like those old movies
dialog: we both love. Like, I’m gonna tell
dialog: you my whole plan and then I set up
text: an absurdly convoluted way of
dialog: killing you that you find an
text: equally convoluted way of escaping.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sounds good to me.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Like I said. It’s a shame that we
dialog: both had to grow up.
text: He nods to Gazelle and Gazelle shoots Jack dead,
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S HOUSE - NIGHT. 154
text: Eggsy freaks out.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Nococoocococecccoccn !
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH — NIGHT. 155
text: Valentine and Gazelle walk away.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Meh. I liked that guy. Feel like I
dialog: coulda talked him round.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: Not worth the risk, though.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Yeah. So, Let’s head for home. Send
text: out the countdown clock. Party
text: starts tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JACK'S CAR/SAVILE = Y 156
text: Jack’s car screeches around a corner, races up the street,
text: Eggsy is driving, in shock. He pulls up outside Huntsman. The
text: shop is closed, but there’s a light on upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN DINING ROOM - NIGHT. 157
text: Arthur stands at the fireplace. The decanter is on the table,
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Arthur, Jacks dead!
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Galahad. Galahad is dead. Hence we
dialog: have all just toasted him.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Then you know what that maniac is
dialog: doing! How many people round the
dialog: world have those sim cards? If they
dialog: all go homicidal at the same time —-
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Indeed. And thanks to Galahad’s
dialog: recording, we have Valentine's
dialog: confession. The intelligence has
dialog: been turned over to the relevant
dialog: authorities. Our work is complete.
dialog: And a most distinguished legacy for
dialog: our fallen friend it is, too.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Sit down, boy. See this? It’s an
dialog: 1815 Napoleonic brandy. It is only
dialog: drunk when we lose a Huntsman.
dialog: (filling two snifters)
dialog: Galahad was fond of you and on this
dialog: occasion, I feel it acceptable to
dialog: bend the rules. Join me in a toast.
text: Eggsy takes the snifter. They both sit, then raise their
text: glasses. Arthur downs the brandy in one. Eggsy does the same.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Jack told me you don’t like to
dialog: break rules, Arthur. Why now?
text: Eggsy stares at the mantel over the fireplace. Tucked behind
text: a vase, is: AN EAR-PIECE. Arthur follows his gaze and smiles.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: You really are jolly good, Eggsy.
dialog: Perhaps I’1l1 make you my proposal
dialog: for the Galahad position. If we can
dialog: see eye to eye on certain...
dialog: political matters.
text: He places a PEN on the desk.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you guess what this might be?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Yeah. Jack showed me one when we
dialog: went shopping. Activates the poison
dialog: that was clearly in my suspiciously
dialog: un-smooth brandy. I'll be dead ten
dialog: seconds after you click it.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Oh, bravo!
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Valentine won you over. Somehow.
dialog: But not Jack. So you let Jack go to
dialog: his death.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: I know Jack too well. He's accused
dialog: me of being closed minded, but he’s
dialog: an intractable bugger himself. And
dialog: a sentimental one. I elected not to
dialog: even try. His dissent would have
dialog: put us all at risk.
text: Eggsy eyes Arthur’s hand on the pen.
dialog: 158
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: But you think I might... Agree. To
dialog: turn a blind eye to Valentine
dialog: wiping out... How many people?
dialog: Millions? You haven’t told the
dialog: authorities at all, have you?
text: Arthur cocks his head, smiles. Egqsy is correct.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: They're all on board. Grateful to
dialog: Valentine for solving the issues
dialog: that they promised they could fix
dialog: but deep down knew they could not.
dialog: Once he explained, I understood.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN PATTERN ROOM - FLASHBACK - DAY. 158
text: Valentine is pitching his ethos to Arthur. He comes over as
dialog: fiercely intelligent, reasonable, charismatic.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Earth is a self-regulating system,
dialog: but anthropogenic forcing has
dialog: interfered by changing the external
dialog: boundary conditions. Man’s
dialog: agriculture and industry has
dialog: altered and depleted forty percent
text: of the planet's surface. The human
dialog: body is another self-regulating
dialog: system. When a virus interferes
dialog: with its functions, either the
dialog: virus is destroyed, or the host is
dialog: destroyed.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
text: Either way, the virus dies.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Mankind is that virus. Population
dialog: growth is out of control. Even if
dialog: you take climate change from the
dialog: equation, the point of no return
dialog: passed a long time ago. Fact is,
dialog: we're only sixty years away from
dialog: running out of space to grow enough
dialog: food to sustain this horde of ours.
dialog: Fifty years from having depleted
dialog: the seas of all edible seafood.
dialog: Whether we starve ourselves to
dialog: extinction, or our carbon emissions
dialog: raise temperature to uninhabitable
dialog: levels first, the outcome is the
text: same. The virus dies.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: 159 INT. HUNTSMAN DINING ROOM - PRESENT —- DAY. 159
text: Arthur has just finished recounting this to Eggsy.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: So Valentine proposes to take care
dialog: of the population problem himself.
speaker_heading: ARTRUR
dialog: If nebody does, nature will do it
dialog: for us. Sometimes a culling is the
dialog: only way to ensure a species’
dialog: survival. History will come to
dialog: regard Valentine as the man who
dialog: saved humanity from extinction.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: And he’s picking and choosing who
dialog: gets culled is he? All his rich
dialog: mates, they get to live. And all
dialog: the people he rates as clever or
dialog: talented, he’s keeping them safe
text: whether they agree with him or not.
speaker_heading: ARTEUR
dialog: And you, Eggsy. In Jack's honour,
dialog: I’m inviting you. A new world will
dialog: rise from the ashes, and you can be
dialog: part of it. Time to make your
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I‘d rather be with Jack, thanks.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: So be it.
text: Arthur clicks the pen. Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: The problem with us common types is
dialog: that we’re light fingered.
text: Arthur starts to wretch.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: Huntsman’s taught me a lot. But
dialog: sleight of hand... I had that down
dialog: already.
text: Arthur collapses. Eggsy grabs the ear-piece from Arthur's ear
text: and the PHONE from his pocket.
text: ON THE PHONE: A COUNTDOWN CLOCK. 08:42:59. Seconds ticking.
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET BASE HANGAR - NIGHT. 160
text: Eggsy has his hands up. Roxy has a gun on him while Merlin
text: examines Arthur’s phone and ear-piece.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Okay Lancelot, put it down. It’s
dialog: verified.
text: Roxy lowers the gun. Eggsy lowers his hands.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
text: Arthur's phone is receiving update
dialog: texts about getting to safety.
dialog: There’s not a lot of time.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: What are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: God knows who's in Valentine's
dialog: pocket and who‘’s not. We have no
dialog: choice but to deal with this
dialog: curselves.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Do you mean... Me as well?
text: Merlin glances at the clock, then back to Eggsy, indicating
text: an odd-locking RETRO EXO-SKELETON CONTRAPTION cn a shelf.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Load that into the plane.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Valentine’s base. He's sent the
text: ccordinates in a group text,
dialog: inviting his chosen people to join
dialog: him there if they don’t have a safe
dialog: retreat of their own.
scene_heading: EXT. VALENTINE’S MOUNTAIN BASE - NIGHT, 161
text: We follow a PRIVATE JET flying towards a huge MOUNTAIN.
text: Inside, the pilot looks nervous -- it looks as if he is about
dialog: to crash inte the rock-face...
text: +..But it’s a PROJECTION. The jet flies straight through.
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. VALENTINE’S BASE -. NIGHT. 162
text: The Jet lands. Smartly-dressed GREETERS, wearing ear-pieces,
text: walk over to welcome the newcomers.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT.
text: Banks of TECHNICAL EQUIPMENT in here. On a MONITOR, a live
text: feed of a landing strip. The pilot, PASSENGERS and Greeters.
dialog: Valentine is in here with Gazelle,
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: How many more are we expecting?
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: Not many. Most have their own
dialog: bunkers. I figure we're just
dialog: getting the really nervous ones.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - SUNRISE. 163
text: Merlin is in scientific mode, dissecting the inner workings
text: of the PHONE and HEADSET as Roxy and Eggsy watch.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: It seems the earpiece can emit some
dialog: kind of counter-signal to ensure
text: the wearer is unaffected by the
text: waves from the sim cards.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: The ones that turn everyone into a
dialog: psycho-killer.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Quite. Presumably it’s just a
dialog: precaution. And as I suspected, it
dialog: can also super-heat the wearer’s
dialog: soft tissue, in the event that they
dialog: blab to the wrong people.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: How does this help us right now?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: It doesn't. m just tinkering
dialog: 
dialog: while I wait for the phone to
dialog: reverse-locate the most accessible
text: satellites in Valentine’s chain.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: So we take out the satellites.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: We'll only have time to take out
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: But that’1l break the chain and
dialog: stop the signal. And you‘ll have
dialog: dealt with Valentine before he can
dialog: do anything about it.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Wait, how do we take out a --
text: A RED LIGHT starts to flash, and Merlin interrupts.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Got it. Brace yourself for landing.
text: Through the plane window, all Eggsy can see is a DESERTED
text: ROAD in the middle of mowhere. They’re landing on it.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROAD - SUNRISE. 164
text: Eggsy and Roxy disembark, confused and apprehensive. Merlin
text: follows, carrying the odd Excoskeleton that Eggsy retrieved.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Lancelot, put this on.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: It was developed as part of
dialog: Reagan's Star Wars project, but
dialog: ultimately rejected. It’s quite
dialog: basic, but it should still work.
text: Roxy reluctantly gets in. Merlin operates some VALVES. A HISS
text: of gasses, and huge METALLIC BALLOONS start to inflate.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: When you reach the edge of the
dialog: atmosphere, the ballcons will
dialog: implode. So you’1l need to deploy
dialog: your missile just before that.
speaker_heading: ROKY
dialog: The edge of tthe atmos: re??
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: After you've deployed, you'll need
dialog: to release for your descent. Fast.
text: Roxy starts rising, balloons near full. Eggsy grabs her hand.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: You can do this.
text: She smiles gratefully, nods. And he lets go. Roxy lifts off.
dialog: 165
dialog: 167
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Stop gaping, Eggsy. Time is not our
dialog: friend. Go and get ready.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 165
text: Merlin throws Eggsy a SUIT-BAG. Eggsy looks inside, is moved.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: The clothes Jack bought me.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You're getting in on Arthur’s
dialog: invitation. You need to blend in.
speaker_heading: EGSSY
dialog: And once we're inside?
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: No we. Once you're inside, I need
dialog: you to connect me to the mainframe.
scene_heading: XT. Y= DAY. 166
text: Roxy is getting higher and higher. Not enjoying it at all.
text: Suddenly, there's a voice on her comms.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (V.0.)
dialog: Rox? It's me. How's the view?
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Hideous.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 167
text: Eggsy stands at a mirror, wearing the Huntsman GLASSES to
text: communicate, doing up his tie. He looks good.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I never got a chance to say...
dialog: Huntsman are lucky to have you. I’m
dialog: glad you became Lancelot.
speaker_heading: ROXY (V.0.)
dialog: Wish I could say the same right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: You're doing great. Not much
dialog: further to go. You’re up next,
dialog: Eggsy. Valentine’s base is in that
dialog: mountain.
dialog: (off Eggsy’s alarm)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 168
dialog: 170
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't worry, that’s just a cloaking
text: device over the entrance. Smoke and
dialog: mirrors.
text: Shadows fill the plane as they swoop inside the mountain.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY. 168
text: Roxy tries to sound cheerful.
speaker_heading: ROKY
dialog: Good luck!
scene_heading: INT. VALENTINE’S BASE - DAY. 169
text: The Huntsman Jet has landed. Eggsy and the HUNTSMAN PILOT and
text: CO-PILOT get out and are met by the eager Greeters. Eggsy
text: hands over his phone to one of them. She taps the keypad to
text: check something on it, then hands it back to him.
speaker_heading: FIRST GREETER
dialog: Follow me, sir. And your pilots are
dialog: most welcome to make themselves at
text: home in the staff refectory.
text: One Greeter ushers the Pilots away to a SECURITY SCANNER as
text: the First Greeter walks Eqgsy to ANOTHER SECURITY SCANNER.
speaker_heading: FIRST GREETER (CONT’D)
dialog: Just a formality. I'm sure you've
dialog: adhered to our no-weapons policy. I
dialog: do apologize for the inconvenience.
text: EGGSY passes through the scanner.
text: The Greeter leads Eggsy to a waiting MINI-MOKE. They get in
dialog: and drive off.
scene_heading: INT. VALENTINE’S HQ LOBBY - DAY. 170
text: They drive into a vast lobby. It looks like the lobby of a
text: five star hotel. Numerous members of THE ELITE gathered here.
text: Eggsy gets out and strolls through the room, doing a great
text: job of looking like he belongs. He passes a sumptuous buffet.
text: He’s eyeing a CARVING KNIFE on it when A BUTLER approaches.
speaker_heading: HQ BUTLER
dialog: Would sir like a drink?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Dalmore whiskey, no ice. And a
text: splash of room temperature water.
dialog: 172
dialog: 107.
text: The Butler looks impressed. Eggsy walks off and continues to
text: subtly scope out the room. Finally he spots: A TEXAS OIL
text: BARON sitting alone on a couch, using a LAPTOP.
text: Eggsy makes a beeline, takes a seat beside him. The butler
text: serves Eggsy his drink. Eggsy nods his thanks, takes a sip.
text: Then he raises his glass in toast to the Texan.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
text: Society is dead. Long live society.
speaker_heading: TEXAN
dialog: Amen to that! My oil won't be worth
dialog: shit, but I’ll be king of Texas!
dialog: Bobby Getty.
text: The Texan offers his hand. Merlin comes on to Eggsy’s comms,
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: Stop fucking about.
scene_heading: INT. SKY - DAY. 171
text: Roxy scans her heads up display.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Got a fix on the satellite.
scene_heading: INT. VALENTINE’S HO LOBBY - DAY. 172
text: Eggsy shakes hands with the Texan.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Edmund Knight. King of Norfolk, in
dialog: the not-so-United Kingdom.
text: They both laugh. Eggsy indicates the man’s laptop.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you get on line? I couldn't.
speaker_heading: TEXAN
dialog: Yeah, wifi’s down for security.
dialog: Valentine’s my nephew, lent me one
dialog: of his. Private network, I guess.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Bh. Do you need a light?
speaker_heading: TEXAN
dialog: What? I ain’t got a cigare—
text: Eggsy shoots him with a dart from his LIGHTER. He snatches
text: the laptop from the slumped Texan, quickly inserts A DONGLE.
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 108.
text: Eggsy gets up... And is floored by a PUNCH!
text: He looks up to see: Charlie. Charlie leans down, talks low,
text: the carving knife we saw before pressed to Eggsy’s throat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There's no way anyone would want a
dialog: low life you to be part of the new
dialog: world. So I assume you cheated your
dialog: way to becoming a Huntsman.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Eh?? What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My family were invited. Obviously.
dialog: (seeing Eggsy reach for
dialog: his pocket)
dialog: Not so fast!
text: Charlie reaches into Eggsy’s pocket and pulls out: a bottle
text: of aftershave. He smirks, relieved and amused.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hoping to mask your stench, were
dialog: you? You'll need this even more
dialog: when you’re rotting in jail.
text: Eggsy wriggles away, squeezes his cuff-links and...
text: BOOM! The bottle EXPLODES in Charlie’s hand.
text: GUESTS run, GUARDS run over. The time for blending in has
text: passed. Eggsy slips the laptop behind the couch and runs too.
text: In the chaos, he manages to lose his pursuers. At the edge of
text: the room, he slips through a SERVICE DOOR.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE TUNNEL -— DAY. 173
text: Eggsy runs down the tunnel, Merlin in his ear.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: I’m in. Give me a second.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY. 174
text: The quality of light is getting very weird up here.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Eggsy, I’m scared. Listen, if I
dialog: don’t survive the fall --
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE TUNNEL - DAY. 175
text: Eggsy talks to her as he runs.
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Don’t even start. You'll do great
dialog: girl. Just remember, if you go into
dialog: a flat spin, relax all your muscles
dialog: and figure out which way’s up
dialog: before you correct. And if you
dialog: can’t, assume delta position.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF THE ATMOSPHERE - DAY. 176
dialog: It‘s crunch time.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: You‘re a good friend, Eggsy.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: Good luck, Lancelot. Fire in
dialog: three... two... one! Go!
text: Roxy FIRES HER MISSILE.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.}
dialog: And release, now!
text: Roxy pulls the release bar... And begins to plummet.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE TUNNEL - DAY. 177
text: Eggsy sprints down the tunnels. He stops at a DOOR, pulls it
text: open. Only to be confronted by: A GUARD.
text: The Guard lunges for him and they begin to FIGHT.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY. 178
text: Roxy starts to SPIN as she falls. And her spin gets faster.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Raaah! Flat Spin!
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE TUNNEL - DAY, 179
text: As the punch-up between Eggsy and the Guard continues, he
text: shouts out encouragement and guidance to Roxy.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Relax! Arms, legs, spine, let it
dialog: all go loose! Know your direction?
speaker_heading: ROXY (V.0.}
dialog: No! I’m gonna black out! My head!
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: i110.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE TUNNEL - DAY. 180
text: Eggsy slams the Guard against the wall.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Roxy, Delta position! Quick!
text: He throws a right hook and the guard is out cold. But now
text: MORE GUARDS are running towards him.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT’D)
dialog: Roxy?
text: Eggsy runs in through the doorway and slams the door shut
text: just in time. The guards try to enter, but Eggsy’s locked it.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY. 181
text: Roxy’s eyes are beginning to roll back in her head as she
text: loses consciousness. She’s spinning even faster than before.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (V.0.)
dialog: Delta!
text: With all her remaining will, Roxy gets her legs straight and
text: thirty degrees apart, arms back. Her spin slows.
text: She blinks back to full awareness, finally righting herself.
text: Then she opens her parachute.
text: Seconds later, the SATELLITE EXPLODES.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 182
text: Merlin, his computer before him, punches the air.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: Yes!
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY. 183
text: Relief floods Roxy’s face as she slowly descends.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Eggsy?
scene_heading: INT, SECURITY LOCK - DAY. 184
text: Behind Eggsy, the guards BANG to get in. In front of him is
text: another door. BUTTONS beside it. Eggsy punches them.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Well done Rox, nice work. Merlin,
dialog: how the fuck do I get out of here?
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: lil.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: I'm working on that door, wait.
dialog: Once you're through, you‘ll pass
text: through some kind of cell block.
text: The door behind him is starting to come off its hinges. Just
text: in time, the door in front of him CLICKS open.
scene_heading: INT, MAIN CONTROL ROOM ~ DAY. 185
text: Valentine is at a bank of SCREENS showing various SATELLITES.
text: Gazelle approaches and whispers to him.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Well, just hold whoever the fuck it
dialog: is there. It"s not like he can do
dialog: anything from the prison sector.
dialog: Did you see this, by the way?
text: On one screen, BITS OF DESTROYED SATELLITE float peacefully.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bunch of amateurs just took out
dialog: Google Earth,
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: Any more missiles that we know of?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: No. But I’m not taking the risk.
dialog: Bring the countdown forward to...
dialog: Let’s see. Know what? Fuck it. If
dialog: people aren't someplace safe by now
dialog: they must like living dangerously.
text: Signal is go in five minutes.
text: Gazelle nods and takes a seat at another console.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 186
text: Merlin looks at his screen.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Oh shit. Wrong satellite.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BLOCK ENTRANCE. 187
text: Various PRISON GUARDS lie unconscious in Eggsy‘s wake.
text: Hearing Arthur’s phone VIBRATE, Eggsy gets it out.
text: The phone screen reads: 00:04:49 The seconds ticking down.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Merlin? You seeing this?
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY MANSION BANQUET HALL - NIGHT. 188
text: A group of OLD WHITE MEN in suits leap up from a table.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: I can’t shut down the server
dialog: remotely in this little time.
dialog: You'll have to do it manually.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY STAIRS - NIGHT. 189
text: A group of suited POLITICIANS run down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
text: The prison cells are in front of
dialog: you. I'm opening them.
scene_heading: INT. PANIC ROOM - DAY. 190
text: FOUR SNOOTY-LOOKING WOMEN barricade themselves in.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (V.0.)
dialog: Who’s in the cells?
scene_heading: INT. DAVID BECKHAM'S CAR - DAY. 191
text: David Beckham looks at his phone. Then he accelerates hard.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: I don’t know, but you've got to get
dialog: them to help you.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BLOCK - DAY. 192
text: Eggsy stands at the beginning of the row of cells.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Help me do what?!
text: Suddenly there’s a symphony of CLUNKS. Locks unlocking.
scene_heading: INT, HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 193
text: Merlin clicks away furiously on his computer.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Get back into that tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BLOCK - DAY. 194
text: We track along the row of open cells to reveal, emerging from
text: inside: Elton John, JAMIE OLIVER, USAIN BOLT, LADY GAGA,
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 113,
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 195
text: Valentine screams at Gazelle.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Shit! Freeze the cell override!
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 196
text: Merlin pounds a key, then smacks his forehead in frustration.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Damn. I can't open any more. You
dialog: got enough people?
scene_heading: INT. CELL BLOCK - DAY. 197
text: Eggsy stares, bemused, at Elton, Jamie, Usain and Gaga.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Who's in the mood for saving the
dialog: world? I need to get past the
text: guards to Valentine’s control room.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: They gave me some stuff to cook
dialog: with. Wait, I‘1l get the knives.
text: He sprints back to the cell. Eggsy turns to Usain.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: You and Jamie stick with me.
dialog: (to Gaga and Elton)
dialog: You two, create a distraction.
speaker_heading: SIR ELTON
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I just bloody let you out!
speaker_heading: ELTON
dialog: Create a fucking distraction!
dialog: Cheeky little bastard.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Alright fine, look -- you do what
dialog: you want. Come on.
text: The group starts to move swiftly towards the door at the end
text: of the hall. Jamie catches up to them, armed with his KNIVES.
text: As they pass the remaining locked cells on the other side,
text: other still-trapped CELEBRITIES, yell words of encouragement.
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Fucking kill him!
scene_heading: STEPHEN HAWKING
dialog: Good, Luck. Everybody.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 198
text: Gazelle looks bleakly at a SECURITY CAMERA MONITOR.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: I’m gonna deal with this myself.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I guess we should have had more
dialog: security.
text: As Gazelle leaves, Valentine flicks a switch and an insanely
text: REINFORCED DOOR slams clown. No one is getting through that.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 199
text: Merlin looks anxiously at his computer.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: Valentine’s shut his security door.
dialog: We've got to figure out a way in.
dialog: We've got two minutes.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BLOCK ENTRANCE - DAY. 200
text: Eggsy moves fast towards the door, followed by the others.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (V.0.)
dialog: Rox? I need a favour. I’m sending
dialog: you my mum‘s number. Please warn
dialog: her. Just in case. Tell her to lock
text: herself away from the baby.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED HIGHWAY - DAY, 201
text: Roxy has now landed. Happy to be back on terra firma.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: I'll do it right now. Good luck.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 202
text: Merlin studies the map on his monitor.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
text: There's a fuse box in the tunnel.
dialog: You can disable the security door.
scene_heading: 203 INT. SECURITY LOCK — DAY. 203
text: Eggsy and the others stand at the door. We can hear the
text: Security Guards on the other side, trying to get in.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: There are a lot of guards... Okay,
dialog: Here’s what we’re gonna do: me,
text: Jamie and Elton engage them. We’re
dialog: gonna fight our way to the control
dialog: room. Gaga, don't fight if you
dialog: don’t want to.
speaker_heading: LADY GAGA
dialog: Oh, I’ll fight, don’t worry.
text: Eggsy hands his GLASSES to Usain Bolt.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Usain, put these on. You'll hear my
text: colleague through them. Follow his
text: directions and run like the wind.
dialog: {to Merlin, over comms)
text: Usain is handling the fuse box, got
dialog: that Merlin?
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: Roger that. Can you hear me Usain?
speaker_heading: USAIN BOLT
text: Loud and clear.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Everybody ready?
text: Everyone nods. Eggsy opens the door...
scene_heading: 204 INT. SERVICE TUNNEL - DAY. 204
text: FOUR ARMED GUARDS are here now, and all hell breaks loose.
text: Eggsy wrestles the First Guard. Bullets spray all over. Thank
text: god for Eggsy’s kevlar. The guard yells to his cohorts:
speaker_heading: FIRST GUARD
dialog: Don‘t shoot the celebrities!
dialog: Valentine will kill you!
text: Usain breaks away and begins to run as Elton, Jamie and Gaga
text: attack the other guards. Jamie is terrifyingly fast with his
text: knives. The Second Guard loses several fingers.
text: Elton is a revelation --- a shockingly dirty fighter, biting
text: and clawing as he wrestles the Third Guard to the ground.
text: Lady Gaga kicks the Fourth Guard in the balls, but he just
text: picks her up and carries her back towards the cells...
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 116.
text: Until Eggsy angles the First Guard’s gun and shoots the
text: Fourth Guard. He falls heavily on Gaga. She tries to get out
text: from under him, but she seems injured.
scene_heading: INT. BEND IN THE TUNNEL - DAY. 205
text: Usain rounds a bend to see a fork in the tunnel ahead of him.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.O.)
dialog: Take the right!
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 206
text: Valentine surveys the security camera output. Usain running.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Gazelle? He’s in service tunnel D.
dialog: He’s going for the fuse box. Run!
scene_heading: INT. BEND IN THE TUNNEI, ~ DAY. 207
text: Gazelle bounds into view. He can see Usain ahead of him. He
text: puts on a burst of speed as he runs for the right fork.
speaker_heading: GAZELLE
dialog: I see him.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE TUNNEL - DAY. 208
text: Eggsy succeeds in knocking out the First Guard with the butt
text: of his own gun and races to help Jamie...
text: ..-Who is just now being disarmed by the second Second Guard.
text: The guard pushes Jamie away and he smacks back against a
text: wall, hitting his head. He crumples to the ground, out cold.
text: The Second Guard, now missing several fingers, struggles to
text: get a grip on his gun, his eyes on Eggsy.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL FORK - DAY. 209
dialog: The best race we have ever seen is taking place, as Gazelle
text: closes in on Usain.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0O.)
dialog: Keep going! Door on your left!
text: Usain puts on a spurt cf speed and finally reaches the fuse—
text: box room. He runs in and slams the door in Gazelle’s face.
text: Gazelle rattles the handle, furious. It's now locked.
dialog: 212
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE TUNNEL - DAY. 210
text: The Second Guard, his trigger control sorely lacking now, is
text: firing wildly at Eggsy until -- BOOM! He’s shot...
text: +.-By Gaga, still on the ground, unable to get up, but now
text: armed with the late Forth Guard’s gun.
text: SMACK!! Elton head-butts the Third Guard, putting him down.
text: Eggsy examines the guns while Elton frees Gaga. She winces.
speaker_heading: GAGA.
dialog: Nope. You better leave me here.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Shit. They're all out of ammo.
text: Eggsy moves off down the tunnel fast, followed by Elton.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT’D)
dialog: How'd you learn to fight like that?
speaker_heading: SIR ELTON
dialog: Training with my body guards. And
dialog: watching Dynasty.
text: But now Eggsy is distracted. As he walks, he pulls out his
text: phone. The countdown clock says 00:00:19. Nineteen seconds...
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 211
text: Merlin has the same countdown in a window on his screen,
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Usain? Do you see it?
scene_heading: INT. FUSE BOX ROOM - DAY, 212
text: More cupboard than room. Behind Usain, one of Gazelle’s
text: BLADES stabs through the door like a sword, just missing him.
speaker_heading: USAIN
dialog: They're not marked!
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: Then turn them all off!
scene_heading: INT. A NEW CORRIDOR - DAY. 213
text: Eggsy and Elton make a beeline for a HEAVY SECURITY DOOR.
text: It's locked. Suddenly a light goes out. Eggsy tries again.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: We're here! Still locked!
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. FUSE BOX ROOM - DAY. 214
text: Usain shuts off switches, trying to avoid the blade that is
text: now punching repeatedly through different points in the door.
speaker_heading: USAIN
dialog: I’m trying!
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM CORRIDOR - DAY. 215
text: There’s a THUNK from the security door. It's unlocked! Eggsy
text: and Elton grab it, struggling to pull it up manually.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0O.)
dialog: Nine seconds! Usain, you did it!
scene_heading: INT. FUSE BOX ROOM - DAY. 216
text: Usain punches the air.
speaker_heading: USAIN
dialog: Wooo!
text: Unthinkingly, he steps back... And one of Gazelle’s BLADES
text: comes straight through the door... and straight through him.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 217
text: Valentine watches calmly as the heavy security door rises. A
text: COMPUTERISED VOICE is now doing a countdown.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Three...
text: Eggsy slides under the door. His eyes meet Valentine’s.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Two...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Hey, valet boy. Just in time to
text: witness the birth of a new world.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: One.
text: Eggsy’s eyes widen as... A BANK OF MONITORS come to life:
text: images from all around the world show RIOTS breaking out.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS ROOM - DAY. 218
text: AN OLD MALE NEWS ANCHOR gets up from his chair, a mad look in
text: his eye. A WEATHER GIRL rushes into view and loops the CABLE
text: from her clicker around his neck, starts choking him.
dialog: 219
dialog: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: EXT. THAI MARKET - DAY. 219
dialog: People attack each other.
scene_heading: EXT. EIFFEL TOWER - DAY. 220
text: Tourists attack each other.
scene_heading: EXT. AN AMERICAN GUN SHOW - DAY. 221
text: Everyone starts shooting each other.
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO SHOOT - DAY. 222
text: The KARDASHIANS and their REALITY FILM CREW scrap violently.
scene_heading: INT. PUB - DAY. 223
text: Dean, the Gang Boys, Ryan and Jamal are in deadly combat.
scene_heading: INT. EGGSY’S MUM'S FLAT! ~ DAY. 224
text: Eggsy’s mum looks crazed as she tries to break down a door.
text: Behind it, we can hear Eggsy’s little sister, SCREAMING.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 225
text: Eggsy rushes Valentine and begins punching him.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: How do I turn it of f??
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You don’t. Override is voice
dialog: activated. My voice. And it can
dialog: detect if I’m under duress.
text: Eggsy drops Valentine and runs to the desk, desperate.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0O.)
dialog: He’s right, I can't override it.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY. 226
text: Gazelle is running up the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. VALENTINE’S HO LOBBY - DAY. 227
text: The Texan lies asleep, oblivious. The rest of the Elite are
text: watching the MONITORS here and celebrating.
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY MANSION CELLAR - NIGHT. 228
text: The Old White Men we saw before watch a small TV, CHEERING.
scene_heading: INT. LE, JUNKER - NIGHT. 229
text: The suited Politicians celebrate.
scene_heading: INT. PANIC ROOM - DAY. 230
text: The Snooty Women hug while, on a TV, people kill one another.
scene_heading: INT. DAVID BECKHAM'S CAR/DESERT HIGHWAY - DAY. 231
text: David Beckham drives om a deserted road, radio on.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE (V.Q.)
dialog: .»-worldwide reports of violence on
dialog: ah unprecedented scale.
speaker_heading: (BANGING, the WHINE)
dialog: You can’t come in here, what are--
dialog: I... I’m gonna fucking kill you!!
text: Now there’s SCUFFLING and sounds of A FIGHT. Beckham smiles.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 232
text: Eggsy’s eyes light up -- he’s got an idea.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Merlin -- remember Swanson?
dialog: Valentine -- You wanna save your
dialog: chosen few, you better turn off the
dialog: sim cards. Merlin now! Do it!
text: A window pops onto Valentine’s monitor. Text reads: SECURITY
text: BREACH MEASURES YES/NO. The “YES” box turns RED.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Not
text: He rushes to the computer.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 233
text: On Merlin’s screen, text reads: “SELECT ALL?”. He clicks.
scene_heading: INT. EGGSY’S MUM'S FLAT - DAY. 234
text: Eggsy's sister stands in her cot, screaming. Suddenly, the
text: door SPLINTERS. And, The Shining style, heeeere’s Michelle!
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 235
text: The text on the monitor says: “ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO
text: SELECT ALL? YES/NO”, The “YES” box turns red.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Okay!
text: Valentine rushes over, smacks his palm on a BIOMETRIC READER.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT’D)
dialog: Richmond Valentine. Override code
dialog: three two ninety nine.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Login accepted. Confirm that you
dialog: wish to turn off signal to sims.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Yes!
scene_heading: INT. NEWS ROOM — DAY. 236
text: The homicidal Weather Girl drops the News Anchor.
scene_heading: EXT. THAE MARKET ~ DAY. 237
text: Everyone in the market who is left standing, stops fighting.
scene_heading: EXT. EIFFEL TOWER - DAY. 238
text: The Tourists stop fighting... And hug one another.
scene_heading: EXT. AN AMERICAN GUN SHOW - DAY. 239
text: Everyone at the gun show is dead except one OLD MAN. He drops
text: his gun, confused.
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO SHOOT - DAY. 240
text: The Kardashians and their film crew stop fighting.
scene_heading: INT. PUB - DAY. 241
text: A lot of casualties in the pub. The survivors stop fighting
text: and try to help one ancther.
scene_heading: INT. EGGSY'S MUM'S FLAT - DAY. 242
text: Michelle suddenly comes to her senses. She climbs through the
text: smashed door, grabs her baby from the cot and hugs her tight.
dialog: 243
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 243
text: Valentine looks urgently to Eggsy.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE:
dialog: I’ve turned off mine, you turn off
dialog: yours!
speaker_heading: MERLIN (V.0.)
dialog: Uh... Eggsy? I think it’s too late.
scene_heading: INT. VALENTINE’S HO LOBBY - DAY. 244
text: The Elite Guests are gathered around the monitors, confused.
text: From one a BLOODIED TV REPORTER is reporting breathlessly.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: -..No idea what just happened...
text: But it seems to be over...
text: Tchaikovsky’s 1912 Overture begins to play and...
text: -.-the Guests’ heads begin to EXPLODE.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. HEAD EXPLODING MONTAGE - DAY. 245
text: Around the world, the heads of Valentine’s chosen BLOW UP.
dialog: -- The Old White Men
dialog: -- The suited Politicians
dialog: -- The Snooty-Looking Women
dialog: -- David Beckham
text: -- Everyone in Valentine’s lobby. It’s strangely spectacular.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 246
text: On the security camera monitors, Valentine can see what’s
text: happening in the lobby, and he is livid.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Fuck you!
text: He places his hand back on the biometric reader. Eggsy shoves
text: him away and they struggle, Valentine trying to reach it.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM CORRIDOR - DAY. 247
text: Outside the control room, Elton John is valiantly fighting
text: Gazelle, trying to stop him from getting in. But Gazelle
text: flings Elton aside and slips under the gap in the door...
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 250
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY. 248
text: Gazelle runs at Eggsy. An incredible FIGHT ensues. Valentine
text: runs to the controls, puts his hand on the reader.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Richmond Valentine. Code: ten ten.
text: Cancel override. Re-start sims.
text: Eggsy and Gazelle’'s fight grows ever more intense.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Stress detected. Please repeat.
text: We intercut between the epic fight and Valentine's repeated
text: and increasingly desperate attempts to enter the system.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Login accepted. Confirm that you
dialog: wish to start signal to sims.
text: Finally, Eggsy kills Gazelle. He’s never going to be able to
text: reach Valentine in time to stop him from speaking.
text: Eggsy pulls off one of Gazelle's BLADES and throws it --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Ye-—
text: The blade comes sailing through the air and IMPALES
text: Valentine. He lets out a gurgling death rattle.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Stress detected. Please repeat.
text: Eggsy reacts: total relief. It’s over.
scene_heading: EXT, ISOLATED HIGHWAY - DAY. 249
text: Roxy is sitting by the side of a deserted highway. The
text: Huntsman Jet lands right beside her.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTSMAN JET - DAY. 250
text: Roxy climbs onboard. Eggsy and Merlin are waiting for her.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Welcome back, Lancelot.
speaker_heading: ROXY
dialog: Thank you, Merlin.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Actually... It’s Arthur now. I’m
dialog: honoured to report that our fellow
dialog: Huntsmen voted for me to take over.
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: ROXKY
dialog: Congratulations!
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: In other good news, it would appear
dialog: that none of their heads blew up.
dialog: The organization is clean.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And now Lancelot is with us, I
dialog: shall conduct my first order of
dialog: official business. Eggsy... I'd
dialog: like you to be our new Galahad.
text: He holds out his hand. Eggsy shakes it, overjoyed.
speaker_heading: MERLIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Welcome to Huntsman!
text: Roxy throws her arms around Eggsy, hugs him.
scene_heading: EXT K'S HOUSE - DAY. 251
text: Jack's mews house. Under a CAPTION: “TWO WEEKS LATER.”
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S HOUSE ~ DAY. 252
text: A FRAMED TABLOID HEADLINE reads: THE SPY WHO SAVED THE WORLD!
text: Beside it is a nice photo of JACK.
text: We pull back to see: it. is hanging on the wall, being looked
text: at by Michelle. Eggsy holds his sister. JB the dog is nearby.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Did he really do it single-handed?
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Must have. I’m sure the papers have
dialog: reliable sources of information.
text: Eggsy smiles a private little smile to himself.
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: What an amazing bloke. Getting you
dialog: a job in the tailors, leaving you
dialog: this place. It’s like he was our
dialog: guardian angel.
text: Eggsy nods. That part, at least, is true.
text: The DOOR BELL rings. Eggsy hands his sister to Michelle.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: I’ll get it, mum.
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S ENTRANCE HALL - DAY. 253
text: Eggsy answers the door to see... Dean. Dean reacts in shock
dialog: at seeing Eggsy looking so good.
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Dean, what a pleasant surprise!
dialog: Time for those five words.
text: And with that, Eggsy punches him hard. He goes down.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Aaah! You broke my nose!
speaker_heading: EGGSY
dialog: Yep. Those are the ones.
text: Dean gets up and moves to throw a punch when suddenly his
text: eyes close and he crumples to the ground again.
text: In Eggsy’s hand: Jack's LIGHTER. Eggsy put on his glasses.
speaker_heading: EGGSY (CONT'D)
dialog: Control? This is Galahad. There’s a
dialog: huge turd on my doorstep that needs
dialog: cleaning up before me and my mum
dialog: take the dog for a walk. Cheers,
text: bruv. Over and out.
text: Eggsy smiles, the door slams shut and we...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: POST CREDITS EXTRA SCENE: EXT. COLOMBIA — DAY, 254
text: Much as Eggsy did before, Dean wakes up in the street, naked
text: and utterly confused.
text: The Colombian Cop we met earlier approaches him with a smile,
text: his handcuffs at the ready.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN COP
dialog: Hola! Been expecting you. A little
dialog: friend of mine tells me you work in
dialog: the drug trade.
text: And off Dean's horrified reaction, we’re gone.
dialog: 
