dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - TOM GRUNEMANN HOUSE - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT of TOM GRUNEMANN, attractive young
text: executive, sitting at the head of the dining room
text: table carving a turkey for Thanksgiving Day dinner.
text: There are joyous sounds of celebration. The CAMERA
text: PANS around the table revealing the happy family
text: and guests. Among them are KLUTE and CABLE.
text: Camera stops at Mrs. Grunemann who sits at the foot
text: of the table opposite her husband. She smiles
text: across at him with pleasure. We cut to Tom
text: Grunemann smiling back at her. We cut back to a
text: closeup of Mrs. Grunemann looking back at her
dialog: husband with love. We cut back to Tom Grunemann's
text: chair - only now it is empty. The joyous sounds
text: disappear on this cut. It appears that Tom
dialog: Grunemann has disappeared before our eyes. One
text: moment he is there, and the next moment he is gone.
text: The camera pans back down the table, only now it is
text: empty except for Grunemann's children and Mrs.
text: Grunemann. She is now dressed in something dark.
text: She and the three children sit eating another meal
text: in emptiness. She has changed from a joyous woman
text: to a woman bereaved.
scene_heading: INT. RESEARCH PLANT: ON ROSS - DAY
text: The industrial frontier. SPECIAL AGENT ROSS steps
text: into frame, glancing (perhaps idly, a little
dialog: impatiently) in this direction at some loud
text: industrial goings-on just beyond camera, then
text: returns toward GROUP.
text: The group includes CABLE and a YOUNGER FBI AGENT
text: with clipboard, to whom KLUTE is supplying
text: preliminary data. KLUTE's manner is somewhat
text: rumpled, awkward.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Klute. With a K. K - L - U -
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Are you with plant security,
dialog: Sergeant?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: Town Police.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Then how are you involved?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I know Tom Grunemann.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (shortcutting again)
dialog: You knew the subject Thomas
dialog: Grunemann. How well?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: We grew up together. Kids.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Can you account for his
dialog: disappearance in any way?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Did he recently appear to you
dialog: agitated or depressed?
dialog: (aside to younger Agent,
dialog: recording)
dialog: -- indicates no -- Did he voice to
dialog: you grievance or discontent with
dialog: his research work here? Indicates
dialog: no. Moral or sexual problems or
dialog: peculiarities? --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Marital problems in general?
dialog: Indicates possibly -- am I right
dialog: Sergeant?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Everybody's got some, I guess.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Did he ever mention specifically a
dialog: girl or woman in New York?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Examine this letter please.
dialog: (continues)
dialog: We recovered that from the shredder
dialog: -- the plant disposal and
dialog: incinerator system. Grunemann
dialog: apparently typed it Friday, before
dialog: he left, decided not to send it,
dialog: tossed it away. We've already
dialog: contacted the New York Police; they
dialog: think they know the girl in
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: C.U. KLUTE
text: Klute reads. We see a controlled incredulity and
text: revulsion.
speaker_heading: ROSS (CONT'D)
dialog: He never mentioned this type thing
dialog: to you? You didn't know he had
dialog: these interests?
scene_heading: INT. GRUNEMANN HOUSE: C.U. HOLLY - DAY
text: HOLLY thrusts the letter back toward camera, toward
text: KLUTE crying out -
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: My husband was not like that! My
dialog: God, Klute.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It looks like he sent her quite a
dialog: few of those Holly -- the girl --
dialog: she recalls six or seven letters
dialog: like --
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: -- No. I mean sure a little rough
dialog: stuff, but just what people usually
dialog: -- No, I would've said we were
dialog: pretty good.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Johnnie I don't understand. I just
dialog: don't understand.
text: Klute nods. She is talking for both of them. Klute
text: looks out the window to the children playing
text: outside. CAMERA PANS out window to Klute's POV of
text: children playing on a cold winter day. The trees
text: are stripped bare.
scene_heading: EXT. RESEARCH PLANT
text: Tree lined area, lush and green - Summer.
scene_heading: INT. RESEARCH PLANT: DIRECTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CAMERA pulls back inside window to Klute staring
text: outside, as if still pondering the fate of Tom
text: Grunemann. The group in the office includes ROSS
text: (holding a report), TRASK, a New York detective,
text: Cable, and the plant director, STREIGER.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: -- has disclosed no evidence of
dialog: crime or criminal intent within the
dialog: jurisdiction of this bureau, and
dialog: since subject Thom --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: (turns sharply,
dialog: interrupts)
dialog: It's been almost a year! Tom
dialog: Grunemann's been missing for a
dialog: year. And all the FBI has to offer
dialog: is a report that must bore even
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (restraint)
dialog: Well sir.
speaker_heading: STREIGER
dialog: Are you closing the case?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No sir, we don't state that. We're
dialog: countin --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: But you don't find it worth much
dialog: effort.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (injured dignity)
dialog: Well Mr. Cable, you've got me here
dialog: from the Bureau. You got Lieutenant
dialog: Trask here from New York
dialog: representing his department and I
dialog: don't frankly consider --
speaker_heading: STREIGER
dialog: (moderating, suggesting)
dialog: Why couldn't you ever find out
dialog: anything from the girl?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (refers the question)
dialog: Trask --
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: (summarizes from notes)
dialog: We first hold her under
dialog: surveillance expectin your boy
dialog: Grunemann to show up there. Didn't.
dialog: Then we bagged -- we arrested her
dialog: on a CP charge, convicted, two
dialog: month's women's city prison, offer
dialog: to reduce sentence, she cooperated.
dialog: (counts)
text: Four interrogations. She thought
dialog: she remembered Grunemann -- from
dialog: those letters from before, she made
dialog: that connection -- but she hadn't
dialog: seen him since and couldn't
dialog: identify his photograph and she --
speaker_heading: STREIGER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Oh a good call girl, she'll turn
dialog: six-seven hundred tricks a year.
text: The faces get blurred.
dialog: (resumes)
dialog: And since then, recent months,
dialog: she's reported several, you know,
dialog: incidents: like breather calls,
dialog: anonymous phone calls, also
dialog: somebody maybe following her,
dialog: watching her, things like that. So
dialog: it's I guess you could say,
dialog: conceivable Grunemann's still
dialog: around there, just hangin around
dialog: her, spooking her. But you know,
dialog: that --
text: He shakes his head, gestures doubtingly. Ross caps
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: The subject got emotionallv
text: disturbed; he just dropped out.
dialog: There's thousands.
speaker_heading: STREIGER
dialog: Inspector we understand your
dialog: position; ours is a little
dialog: different. We have an investment in
dialog: Tom Grunemann. The Company has an
dialog: investment, and we feel entitled to
dialog: investigate for ourselves.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Private investigation, you mean.
dialog: Yes sir, of course you're entitled,
dialog: and there's some very competent --
speaker_heading: STREIGER
dialog: Klute offered us his services;
dialog: we've accepted.
text: Pause. Ross and Trask look at Klute - more than a
text: bit startled - then at each other. Klute just looks
dialog: uneasy.
speaker_heading: STREIGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Klute knew Tom. He has a great many
dialog: ideas about the case --
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: Yes sir, we know he --
speaker_heading: STREIGER
dialog: We'd expect him to work in
dialog: cooperation with you. He'd report
dialog: to each of you and to our Company's
dialog: New York office, to Pete -- Pete
dialog: goes there on a regular schedule
dialog: back and forth, and --
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (tactfully)
dialog: Mr. Streiger, speaking frankly --
dialog: we've appreciated the Sergeant's
dialog: interest you know, all along. Here,
dialog: locally. But New York, that's -
dialog: well --
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: (to Klute, leniently)
dialog: Ever done any missing person's
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Spent much time in the city?
dialog: (to others)
dialog: You see, I have to wonder --
dialog: speaking frankly; the Sergeant
dialog: knows I'm only speaking frankly -
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You wonder why we thought of Klute?
dialog: Frankly? He's interested.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. WIDE SHOT: PENNSYLVANIA COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Verdant Pennsylvania farmland. Early morning. Near
text: at hand an open field set about with bee hutches
text: and patched with mist.
text: A FIGURE, a shadow (Klute's actually) moves across
text: frame from the left, blanking in. We reorient to -
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - KLUTES HOUSE - DAY
text: We see that we've been looking out from the bedroom
text: window of this house. Klute turns to rolltop desk
text: in bedroom and picture of Tom Grunemann, picture of
dialog: Bree Daniel, and other material he has collected on
text: the case. He puts them in his suitcase and closes
text: the suitcase. He shuts rolltop desk.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: We follow Klute through the house with suitcase. He
text: puts away a last dish, shutting off water, gas, and
text: electricity, and so on -- takes a last look around
text: - reaches for the door handle. WE CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. COMMERCIAL AUDITION - SOUND STAGE - DAY
text: A section of wall, a door coming open -- and the
text: FIGURE of BREE entering and standing. We have gone
dialog: from the warm sunlight of the country to mustv
dialog: darkness.
text: She appears chic, poised, and perfect as a magazine
dialog: picture.
text: But as she gets used to the darkness and her eyes
text: focus on a line of equally beautiful girls sitting
text: and waiting in folding chairs along a wall, we see
text: that she is a great deal less certain of demeanor.
dialog: Assailable. WE CUT TO -
scene_heading: EXT. KLUTE'S HOUSEYARD, HOUSE, BARN - DAY
text: Klute, stepping out, closes, locks and checks the
text: house door, then moves on to his car -- a vintage
text: Plymouth -- and tosses in his suitcase; and then
text: takes a last turn around the yard itself; props
text: open the cover of a beehutch, and lets down the
text: rail gate of a sidefield. He approaches to roll
dialog: shut his barn door -- and on this action we CUT
dialog: again TO --
scene_heading: INT. COMMERCIAL AUDITION - SOUNDSTAGE - DAY
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: Honey, no, we don't have too many.
text: She slaps the cup down, hurls herself forward --
text: SWISH PAN -- onto a MALE ACTOR, thrusting him down
text: to the floor, her hands at his throat. As we WIDEN
text: TO INCLUDE DIRECTOR AND MORE OF SCENE, and as the
text: Director reads from script, supplying a narrator
dialog: voice -
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Now before it comes to that, let's
dialog: have a look, et cetera, et cetera --
dialog: OK -
dialog: Bree and the Male Actor relax slightly, as -
scene_heading: ANGLE TO REVEAL ROOM, OTHERS
text: We reestablish the scene -- a few pieces of film
text: equipment -- and the congery of other ACTORS and
text: ACTRESSES preparing to read for parts. As the
text: Director approaches, counsels Bree -- all of this
dialog: quick and consecutive --
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: -- Honey you make it look a little
dialog: real. It should have, you know,
dialog: that fun to it.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Strangle him to death funny?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Well we go from this into stomach
dialog: diagrams. It can't be too -- look
dialog: let's try it again from -
text: -- but then he glances at his watch, and at the
text: others waiting their turn.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: No -- just give us the faces at the
dialog: end, would you?
text: Bree and the Male Actor set their cheeks together,
text: beaming half-moon smiles to camera, hold it for a
text: moment, as the Director reads again -
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (reads)
dialog: -- And another family saved by Elso
dialog: tablets. OK --
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: -- and holds out his hands for their scripts, at
text: the same time as he summons from a list in his
dialog: other hand --
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Pierce -- Danner -
text: BREE passes a new group of beautiful girls sitting
text: in line waiting their turn as she exits as brightly
dialog: as possible.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK SIDEWALK: PEDESTRIANS - DAY
text: They trudge along the sidewalk -- the herd, the
text: late-afternoon crush. A LONG-LENS shot, the crowd
text: compacted. We see BREE milling along with the rest.
text: She maneuvers to a sidewalk PHONE BOOTH, enters. We
dialog: see her deposit, dial.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH, BREE - DAY
text: She is connected (to her registry).
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Bree Daniel, any messages?
dialog: (waits -- none)
dialog: OK, thanks.
text: She waits for a moment. Then makes a curious, small
text: gesture of her hand -- deposits another dime, dials
text: again, is answered.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Trina? Bree. Do I? Oh no, just a
dialog: commercial I thought I might get,
dialog: that's all.
dialog: (quickly, more brightly)
dialog: Well I'd take a quick thirty, hon.
dialog: Do you have a commuter for me?
dialog: Wait.
text: As she prepares to write it down, we CUT BACK TO -
scene_heading: EXT. KLUTE'S HOUSEYARD: KLUTE - DAY
text: Klute finishes rolling shut, and padlocks, the barn
text: door. He returns to his car, sits in (leaving door
text: open) starts engine. Again -- one last time -- the
text: look around. Then he pulls the door shut, pulls
dialog: out. And on this we CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: A GROUP -- middle-aged Couple, Child, Bellman with
text: suitcases -- wait to descend in elevator as BREE
text: gets off. We TRACK with her along corridor to a
text: door. She checks number and knocks.
scene_heading: REVERSE: THROUGH DOOR TO BREE
text: A MAN opens the door. We neither see or hear him
text: clearly -- he is foreground, defocused. His shirt
text: is untucked. Bree cocks her head, greets him
text: cutely.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Hullo.
text: He mumbles some kind of greeting, steps back. She
text: pauses a moment in the door (casing, instantly) --
text: then quite confident, friendly, provocative all at
dialog: once --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooh, I knew I'd like you.
dialog: -- and CUT TO --
scene_heading: EXT. CENTER OF TOWN: KLUTE DRIVING - DAY
text: Klute's car draws through the business section of
dialog: town, moves on --
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM: BREE - DAY
text: C.U. BREE (the Man out of frame and unheard-from)
text: as she bargains gaily -- and at the same time a
text: little watchfully.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Lover, that's got to be a little
dialog: extra. I mean it sounds very
dialog: exciting, what you speak of, you've
dialog: got me all excited. But something
dialog: special like that, you know it's
dialog: got to cost a little more, mm?
dialog: -- and CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. CAR: KLUTE DRIVING - DAY
text: Klute has laid his jacket aside, rolled his
text: sleeves, is eating the last of a vending machine
text: sandwich. The CAR RADIO is on. He leans forward,
dialog: tuning it from --
speaker_heading: 1ST ANNC'R
dialog: (energetic)
dialog: --R - W - M, radio's voice is the
text: Shippensburg Valley, on a beautiful
dialog: clear warm Thurs --
dialog: -- to --
speaker_heading: 2ND ANNC'R
dialog: (rural)
text: -- Tucky Wonder Beans picking up a
dialog: half cent over yesterday's price at-
dialog: -- and CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. C.U. ON BREE, MAN (HOTEL BED) - DAY
text: The Man's face is buried against her neck, her
text: labors over her. She cries out ecstatically,
text: transportedly -- it would seem at the edge of
dialog: orgasm --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh lover, oh it's too much -- oh
dialog: you thrill me -- yes, like that,
dialog: it's -- oh it's beautiful, oh --
text: -- and at the same time refers privately to her
dialog: wristwatch. And CUT TO --
scene_heading: EXT. WIDE SHOT: ACCESS RAMP OF TURNPIKE - LUSH
scene_heading: HILLY COUNTRY - DAY
speaker_heading: KLUTE'S CAR
text: As Klute's car drives onto the turnpike surrounded
dialog: by green country, we ZOOM into a close shot of
text: Klute through the windshield of his car. And then
text: in what seems like a continuous shot we ZOOM back
text: to a wide angle revealing Klute caught in the
text: endless line of cars in a typical traffic jam at
text: the entrance to New York City, surrounded by
text: smoggy, grey, urban skies.
scene_heading: INT. CITY MULTILAYERED PARKING BUILDING - KLUTE'S
speaker_heading: CAR - NIGHT
text: KLUTE sits inside his car as it is mechanically
text: lifted into the air. It looks as if he is being
text: manipulated by a robot.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET: OUTSIDE THE BROWNSTONE - NIGHT
text: BREE moves along street, returning home,
text: apprehensive of the one or two other distant
text: FIGURES. She turns in at one of the Brownstones.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL OF BROWNSTONE - NIGHT
text: We watch Bree as she mounts to the top floor, the
text: door of her apartment, barren, isolated,
dialog: frightened.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APTARTMENT - NIGHT
text: BREE unlocks the door, switches on a light, cases
text: the apartment for a moment before entering,
text: securing chain-lock, putting aside her things.
text: There is a RECORD PLAYER near the first interior
text: doorway. She switches it as she moves by. By time
dialog: the first record has dropped, she has the shower
text: turned on, is getting rid of her dress. We CUT BACK
dialog: TO --
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY STREET: KLUTE - NIGHT
text: Klute walks, as before, carrying his suitcase. We
text: see him slow, concernedly looking toward --
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT: ON BREE - NIGHT
text: Bree sits on a studio couch, near the record
text: player, with a QUILT huddled over and around her,
text: her back against the wall. The MUSIC is classical,
text: curiously -- the sound of a HARPSICHORD. She is
text: more or less expressionless -- but trembling
text: violently, shaking.
scene_heading: FRONT WINDOW SIGN BEING REMOVED WHICH READS "FOR
scene_heading: RENT" - STORE - INQUIRE CRAWICZ, DAY
scene_heading: INT. BREE's APARTMENT: BREE - DAY
text: Bree moves about energetically, preparing to set
text: out on rounds. A KNOCK on the door. She startled,
text: then approaches to door, to peep-hole, lifts lid
dialog: aside.
text: THROUGH PEEPHOLE TO KLUTE FACE
text: Klute's face is somewhat distorted by the peephole
text: lens; he is gazing mildly about the landing.
speaker_heading: BREE
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (through door, curtly)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: KLUTE (O.S.)
dialog: Miss Daniel? My name is Klute --
dialog: John Klute --
text: She turns the door handle , parts the door about
text: three inches, looks through at him. He starts to
dialog: enter.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I talk to you?
text: -- and the door crunches against its chain-lock. He
text: stops perforce, a bit startled. A pause. A slice of
text: Bree's face looks coldly out at him. He summons a
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: My name's John Klute.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You said that.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I'm an investigator. I'd like to
dialog: ask you some questions about Tom
dialog: Grunemann.
text: She tightens again.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Tom Grunemann. He wrote you some
dialog: letters.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: Gee.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: He was a research engineer at the
dialog: Tuscarora Laboratories in
dialog: Pennsylvania. He disappeared from
dialog: there last April. I've been hired
dialog: to look for him.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: You know what I'm talking about.
dialog: Miss Daniel.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Honest?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Will you let me ask you some
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (gumbo-southern)
dialog: Dew yew hayuv ah-dentifikyshun?
text: He takes out a folded letter and a wallet and
text: passes them both through to her. Silence. She
text: examines them with care, then appears to soften a
text: little; even smiles slightly.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not police or FBI; you're
dialog: just a private investigator?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: And you just want to ask me a few
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Mm.
text: She smiles again, hands the letter and wallet back
text: out, closes the door (doesn't slam, just closes).
text: Klute looks at it blankly for a time, starts to
text: knock again, decides not to -- turns and descends
dialog: the stairs.
speaker_heading: BREE
text: Bree listens through the door to his departing foot
text: steps. They fade from hearing. She hastens to
dialog: assemble her properties.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR - DAY
text: Klute comes out door and descends the stairs at the
text: same even pace -- he walks into the vacant store
dialog: below.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT STORE - DAY
dialog: It had once been a Boutique that sold happy
text: clothes. There are some psychedelic posters and a
text: few remnants of its former identity. Klute's
text: suitcase is propped open on a cot behind a counter.
text: The ceilings are low, forcing Klute to stoop as he
text: enters. He seems out of place and out of scale. A
text: case containing a tape recorder stands on the
text: floor. On the table are a FOLDER of Klute's notes,
text: and a paper bag. Klute enters and deliberately
text: resumes his settling in. From the paper bag he sets
text: aside an electric FAN, then lifts out from the
text: shopping bag a cheap tin ALARM CLOCK and begins
dialog: winding it.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bree has shifted position to a window, is looking
text: down at the street. She sees - and we hear - SOUND
text: OF BUS APPROACHING, distantly. She grabs her
text: properties, whips out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. ON DOOR OF BROWNSTONE - DAY
text: Bree skids to a stop just inside the door, scans
text: quickly out in one direction then the other (in
text: case Klute has been waiting in ambush on the
text: sidewalk) then races -- PAN -- to BUS AT CURB --
text: makes it, pulls herself aboard --
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: KLUTE - DAY
text: Klute has been watching from his window. We hear
text: the BUS PULLING AWAY. He turns back, plugs in the
text: electric fan. Then hoists the TAPE RECORDER,
text: unsnaps the cover. We see clearly what it is.
scene_heading: INT. AGENCY OFFICE - DAY
text: BREE is showing her notebook to an AGENT. He leans
text: forward courteously, occasionally stroking his
text: forehead with his fingertips -- a nice man with a
dialog: headache.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: -- and I take acting classes with
dialog: Lee Tainter --
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: -- Lee, yes --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: -- and I was in two of his workshop
dialog: type productions, Uncle Vanya and
dialog: the girl in Five Characters --
dialog: (indicates picture)
dialog: -- here -- and then of course I
dialog: have the modeling and the
dialog: demonstrator work, the trade-fair
dialog: work -- but naturally I feel ready
dialog: for something more, well you know,
dialog: sustain --
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Well, thanks very much for coming
dialog: in.
text: She starts for the door -- he's already turning
text: away -- then ducks back, hands him one of her
text: Glossies, laughing prettily at her own
dialog: forgetfulness.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (beautifully -- the
dialog: business)
dialog: Thank you very much.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: BREE comes out, pauses with notebook to cross out,
dialog: the call completed, checks the list of those
text: remaining, sets forth again. We hear TRASK'S VOICE
text: OVER, very quick, very clipped.
speaker_heading: TRASK (V.O.)
dialog: Man, just a poor pretty little
dialog: hooker, like to be an actress --
scene_heading: INT. MISSING PERSONS BUREAU - DAY
text: CLOSEUP photograph of dead man. It is replaced with
text: series of photgraphs of dead men. CAMERA pulls back
text: to reveal KLUTE flipping through the file of the
text: unidentified dead.
speaker_heading: TRASK (V.O.)
dialog: What you lookin' to get from her?
dialog: You think she's got Grunemann hid
dialog: somewhere, the attic, feedin him
dialog: soup? Or maybe he's hidin in a dark
dialog: alley and he'll jump on her and you
dialog: jump on him. And third place, even
dialog: if she does know somethin' she's
dialog: right, she don't have to talk to
dialog: you. You don't have police power,
dialog: you can't make her.
text: KLUTE closes the file.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: That's a lot of people to die
dialog: unknown.
speaker_heading: TRASK
text: Unknown, unidentified and unwanted.
dialog: And there's more every day man,
dialog: there's more everyday.
text: As KLUTE slowly walks away we bring in TELEPHONE
text: RING and BREE VOICE, OVER answering.
speaker_heading: BREE VOICE
dialog: Bree Daniel.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Yeah, hi hon.
scene_heading: EXT. BREE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Camera is looking up through lighted window outside
text: at BREE on phone.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh hon, I just don't know. I'm
dialog: trying to stay out of it.
scene_heading: EXT. KLUTE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: CAMERA pans down from BREE's window to KLUTE's
text: window at the bottom revealing KLUTE at tape
text: recorder. The TAPE RECORDER is going, its light
text: winking. KLUTE holds headset against one ear, makes
text: a note or two. We hear BREE's and other GIRL'S
scene_heading: VOICES, UNDER, FILTERED.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: -- comes in with these other yulds
dialog: maybe two or three times a year,
dialog: and five big ones baby, just one
dialog: evening.
speaker_heading: BREE VOICE
dialog: Marta, thanks, and I'd love to
dialog: party with you hon, but --
text: Klute sets down the headset (we drop the VOICES far
text: under, INDISTINGUISHABLE), makes a note, and thumbs
text: open the box of a fresh reel; the present reel is
text: near the end. We establish a pile of ALREADY
text: RECORDED TAPES. We CUT BACK TO --
scene_heading: INT. BREE APARTMENT: BREE ON PHONE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Well try to get someone else Marty
dialog: and if I change my mind -- sure
dialog: hon, bye.
text: She hangs up, starts away. The PHONE RINGS AGAIN.
text: She tries to ignore it. It persists. She finally
text: turns back to answer it, and we CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. CASTING OFFICE - AD AGENCY - DAY
text: CAMERA STARTS on huge photo montage of the Family
text: of Man and pans down to a group of beautiful girls
text: sitting on a bench below. They are dwarfed by the
text: enormous picture. Each one clutches an almost
text: identical portfolio of pictures in her lap. Camera
text: pans down row of portfolios until it stops at BREE
text: - impatiently waiting her turn. WE CONTINUE THE
scene_heading: TELEPHONE VOICES OVER, WILD TRACK STYLE. The MAN'S
text: VOICE is thick with drink, and emotion. First the
dialog: click, then --
speaker_heading: BREE VOICE
dialog: Bree Daniel --
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Oh God baby, oh God I really love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BREE VOICE
dialog: That's nice; who is this?
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: I really love you baby, you know
dialog: that?
text: A CLICK, and the MAN'S VOICE CONTINUING, trailing
text: into helpless sobs --
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello? Hello? Oh my God, hello?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET: BREE
text: Bree comes out from the building (note possible
dialog: costume change; not necessarily consecutive
text: action), checks off on her list continues on her
text: way -- as we CONTINUE WILD TRACK STYLE VOICES.
dialog: Starting with a CLICK and --
speaker_heading: BREE VOICE
dialog: Bree Daniel.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (nicely)
dialog: Bree -- Frank Hanley, you remember,
dialog: Fayetterville?
speaker_heading: BREE VOICE
dialog: Oh yeah, hi Frank, sure.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Well I'm in town, like to see you.
speaker_heading: BREE VOICE
dialog: Well Frank that's awful nice but
dialog: I'm out of action, sort of, you
dialog: know --
text: We FADE THIS CONVERSATION UNDER BUT HOLD,
dialog: CONTINUING, as --
text: BREE PASSES CAMERA -- and we PAN TO SHOT OF KLUTE,
text: at corner, unseen by her and apparently in
text: surveillance of her. Then he too turns out of
dialog: frame, and we CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. PENN STATION - DAY
text: CAMERA is looking down at an enormous gift package
text: on a platform. There is a sound of a recorded
text: fanfare and with the pull of a string the package
text: is opened revealing a brand new LINCOLN CONTINENTAL
text: CONVERTIBLE. People applaud and the car starts to
text: revolve. At the wheel of the car sits BREE. We CUT
text: to a shot through the windshield of car --
speaker_heading: BREE'S POV
text: A sea of staring faces revolves around her. We
text: cross fade with SPANGLER VOICE OVER (as if
dialog: recalling a case record).
speaker_heading: SPANGLER (V.O.)
dialog: Bree Daniel, Caucasian, twenty
dialog: eight, good physical health, no
text: narcotics record, presenting an
dialog: unusually strong personality some
dialog: ways, high intelligence, a high
dialog: bracket call girl.
scene_heading: EXT. WOMEN'S PRISON ROOF - CAGED IN RECREATION AREA
text: SPANGLER, a prison psychiatrist, sits on a bench
text: eating a sandwich partially wrapped in wax paper
text: and sipping from a carton of milk. He is obviously
text: a man pressed for time. KLUTE sits beside him.
text: Across from them some prisoners are taking their
text: exercise. Through the metallic netting that
text: surrounds them, we see the skyline of New York
text: City. It only dramatizes more the sense of being
text: caged.
speaker_heading: SPANGLER
dialog: -- Usual case history -- this isn't
dialog: a medical confidence, it's all of
dialog: them -- broken family, lonely,
text: confused, crummy childhood, early
dialog: promiscuity, formal prostitution
dialog: beginning in her teens, income
dialog: twenty-five to thirty thousand a
dialog: year.
dialog: (notes Klute's reaction)
dialog: Oh they don't keep the money: they
dialog: get rid of it, they get pimps. Why?
dialog: (stabs at record)
dialog: Why do you want to know all this?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I want to know how Tom Grunemann
dialog: got mixed up in it.
speaker_heading: SPANGLER
dialog: Not unusual.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Did she talk about him to you?
speaker_heading: SPANGLER
dialog: About his letters -- that's all she
dialog: remembered. Quite violent material,
dialog: I'd say, obsessive, a quite sick
dialog: man. But that's not unusual either.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Has she talked with you since
dialog: prison?
speaker_heading: SPANGLER
dialog: No. She had every good intention of
dialog: it -- coming to me as a private
dialog: patient, getting out of the life,
text: devoting herself to an acting
dialog: career.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I think she's trying that.
speaker_heading: SPANGLER
dialog: Oh sure they try. The idea of a
dialog: better life. But they don't really
dialog: know much about life: They get
dialog: confused -- or scared or frustrated
text: or bored -- they pop back to the
dialog: one thing they can handle.
dialog: The trick. The trick. Men in bed.
dialog: Not men in general, not life, not
dialog: love, not even real sex -- it
dialog: avoids all that. Just the trick,
dialog: the transaction.
scene_heading: INT. PENN STATION - DAY
text: POV world revolving around BREE through windshield
text: of car. The circular motion slows down and then
text: stops. Cut to BREE getting out of car and walking
text: off platform. She looks a bit shaky. She is stopped
text: by one of the spectators.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (tapping her)
dialog: We had a bet on - if you were real
dialog: or not. I won.
text: She looks at him in disgust and crosses to phone
dialog: booth.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - DAY
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Marta --
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH DISCOTHEQUE - NIGHT
text: We are in the interior of what was once a church
text: and is now a discotheque. Interior is painted
text: purple; the record player stands on the altar over
text: the crowd. Pews are massed around the dance floor.
text: Stained glass windows are lighted from behind and
text: are circled with light bulbs that flash on and off.
text: For all of its obviously bizarre visual quality,
text: there is a sense of relaxation. It is a late night
dialog: gathering place of many who belong to the sexual
dialog: underworld of the city.
text: BREE and the OTHER GIRL advance to a pew. A MAN
text: sitting there (the other girl's pimp) with a THIRD
text: GIRL. BREE's companion greet him shyly, tenderly:
text: she and BREE sit down, join in conversation.
text: PULL BACK SLOWLY -- other pews, other girls and a
dialog: few men, the sisterhood -- To --
text: BAR AREA IN BACK (WHAT ONCE MUST HAVE BEEN THE
scene_heading: VESTIBULE OF THE CRURCH)
text: Among the people around the bar, pimps, whores, and
text: a sprinkling of hopeful Johns and curiosity
text: seekers. The camera picks a familiar face: CABLE.
text: He watches BREE with a mixture of amusement and
text: contempt. A GIRL comes over to him and tries to
text: proposition him. They appear to be discussing
text: price. Just as she thinks it is set, he walks away.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: CLOSEUP photograph of TOM GRUNEMANN pinned to a
text: large piece of beaverboard KLUTE has placed on a
text: wall. CAMERA PANS over various pictures and pieces
text: of evidence KLUTE has pinned up in an attempt to
text: make some sense from the puzzle of TOM GRUNMIANN's
text: disappearance. CAMERA PANS over to KLUTE sitting on
text: cot looking up at the pieces of the puzzle. There
text: is a heated TV dinner in front of him.
text: The TAPE RECORDER reels start turning (sound
text: powered), the recording light starts winding (as
text: BREE, above, dials). KLUTE pays it scant attention
text: - he can catch up with the news anytime. He sits
text: manfully in front of the TV dinner, starts peeling
dialog: back the foil --
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT: BREE - NIGHT
text: She holds the phone, is answered. Her voice more
text: natural, a little shy, a little covert.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Hi. Bree.
dialog: (is greeted)
dialog: Hi. Well I could come over tonight
dialog: - if you'd like -- if there's no
dialog: one else.
dialog: (laughs diffidently)
dialog: I really want to just talk to you.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: KLUTE - NIGHT
text: The tape-recorder continues turning and winking as
text: the conversation upstairs continues. KLUTE looks at
text: TV dinner. He reaches for the headset of the
text: taperecorder, holds it loosely against one ear. He
text: exhibits a measure of new interest. The TAPE
text: RECORDER stops running. He immediately rewinds, and
text: starts listening through it again. We CUT TO --
scene_heading: EXT. GARMENT DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Large, dark buildings -- a DIM-LIGHTED WINDOW
text: showing at an upper floor of one -- the street
text: otherwise by and large deserted. A TAXI draws in, a
text: FIGURE IN EVENING DRESS (Bree) gets out, approaches
text: the building, glances around, either secretly or
text: apprehensively -- presses a buzzer, waits, gets
text: answering CLICKS, enters the dark hallway of the
text: building, starts upstairs.
scene_heading: EXT. ACROSS THE STREET - NIGHT
text: KLUTE shifts into view, looking in the direction
text: Bree's gone, a little puzzled all in all. He
text: doesn't immediately follow; he waits.
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT BUILDING - CUTTING ROOMS - NIGHT
text: We look past RACKS OF CLOTHING, as BREE arrives up
text: the dark stairway into dark rooms -- the scene,
text: mysterious, a little sinister. She seems fearful of
text: it herself, advances slowly, looking around, calls
dialog: -
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Hi? -_
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MR. FABER, TO BREE
text: Mr. Faber is SILHOUETTED for a moment, standing,
text: watching her, from along an alleyway of garments.
text: She sees him, is startled then relieved.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh --
text: He moves toward her.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE, TO MR. FABER
text: Mr. Faber is a man of 65 or so, rather handsome,
dialog: and for this occasion very spruce, very erect, very
text: nattily turned out. Bree complains cheerfully.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: You scared me, Mr. Faber.
text: He smiles, kisses her cheek, tests the fabric of
dialog: her evening dress -- (in passing, as a matter of
dialog: expertise).
speaker_heading: MR. FABER
dialog: Good material, not too good cut.
dialog: I'd do better for you.
text: Then he turns, lifts down a WOMAN'S DRESS CAPE,
text: carrying it -- graciously gestures her to precede
dialog: him --
scene_heading: CORNER OF CUTTING ROOM
text: A dim pool of light here. A private area here,
text: sectioned off by rows of garments. A couch, rug,
dialog: coffee table, a chair or two -- a place for Buyers
text: to take their ease. BREE and MR. FABER enter. Her
text: manner is suddenly elegant, assured, regal; his
text: befits a man of the world. He fits the cloak around
text: her shoulders and gestures to the couch; she sits.
text: He pours a glass of wine for her, for himself. She
dialog: speaks with a neat continental accent -- doing it
dialog: fairly well, really -- a member of the
dialog: international set.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh thank you.
text: He sits in the chair opposite, sips his wine.
speaker_heading: MR. FABER
dialog: Enjoy.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Well --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (diffident)
dialog: It's good to see you. Well -- could
dialog: we do it first and then just talk?
speaker_heading: MR. FABER
dialog: Sure dear, yes.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Well -- well I'm just back. And --
dialog: I must tell you -- something quite
dialog: wonderful.
speaker_heading: MR. FABER
dialog: (intently)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: And Cannes was quite fun, quite;
dialog: and we played baccarat and
dialog: chemindefer and there was a nice
dialog: little Italian marquis quite
dialog: enthusiastic for me -- but a young
dialog: man can be so silly --
speaker_heading: MR. FABER
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: And then one night -- at the gaming
dialog: tables -- well I just saw him. A
dialog: stranger -- looking at me -- and I
dialog: knew suddenly that all my life I'd
dialog: been --
text: She hesitates strangely, her fingers at the neck of
text: the cape. Faintly --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: -- May I? It's so --
speaker_heading: MR. FABER
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Please --
text: She stands, unloosing the cloak, letting it fall on
text: the couch. But she doesn't sit again -- begins to
dialog: move here and there about the enclosure, her hands
text: wandering about her dress and body -- an erotic
dialog: restlessness.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Not young; he wasn't young -- gray
dialog: at the temples, he -- well actually
dialog: he looked like you.
speaker_heading: MR. FABER
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: And nobody could tell me who he was
dialog: -- an exiled prince or a mercenary
dialog: or a bullfighter or -- but I felt
dialog: it stirring inside me, this -- this
dialog: wild, pagan feeling --
scene_heading: EXT. GARMENT BUILDING DOOR - NIGHT
text: KLUTE arrives from across the street. It takes him
text: a while (with a 'loid' probably) to slip the lock.
text: He eases door open, moves inside --
scene_heading: INT. CORNER OF CUTTING ROOM: BREE - NIGHT
text: BREE is farther along in her narrative, more
text: fervent in manner. MR. FABER sits at the edge of
text: his seat, ducking his head now and then in
text: pleasure, but making no move to molest her.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: And next day at the beach -- our
dialog: beach pavilion -- I saw him again,
text: his eyes burning into me. I was
text: helpless. Without his even speaking
dialog: to me, without his even touching, I
dialog: knew that somehow -- somehow --
text: She casts away an accessory garment. Mr. Faber
dialog: burns her with his eyes --
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT BUILDING - CUTTING ROOMS - NIGHT
text: KLUTE mounts into view at the head of the stairs,
text: prowls along the aisles of clothing, looking --
dialog: sees --
scene_heading: POV PAST GARMENT RACKS TO MR. FABER
text: Klute sees Mr. Faber first -- clearly a senior
text: citizen -- sitting transfixed, fastened in some
text: private dream. Then BREE drifts into view -- stands
text: -- lets fall the evening dress about her ankles,
text: poses -- drifts out of view again --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
text: Klute watches in that direction a moment longer. In
text: his expression a certain curiosity -- a prurience --
text: but rather more strongly, disappointment, a measure
text: of disgust. Not his affair. He turns away from it,
dialog: into camera, and --
scene_heading: EXT. BREE'S BROWNSTONE - NIGHT
text: Near the entrance, outside the door to KLUTE's
text: apartment below. We open on BREE. She shouts
dialog: angrily, miserably --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Whyn't you just cut out?
text: We WIDEN TO INCLUDE KLUTE. Now she begins to get
text: it. He turns, opens door to his room below. She
text: comes slowly down steps.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S ROOM - DAY
text: She steps in the door, looks slowly around at his
text: various appurtenances -- the bed, the necktie over
text: the mirror, etc. -- and then, the TAPE RECORDER and
text: then the STACK OF TAPE BOXES. Softly, venomously --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh you bastard.
text: But then she adjusts -- a frightened but matter-of
dialog: fact hooker --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it the shakedown hon? You picked
dialog: a loser, I just don't have it.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No, I'm look --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (vehemently again)
dialog: If I was taking calls full time
dialog: would I be living in this kip? I'd
dialog: be back on Park Avenue; I could
dialog: support the whole National Guard!
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (gestures upward)
dialog: Could I ask some questions?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Or you'll get me shoved back in the
dialog: brig you mean; another month with
text: the bull-dykes.
dialog: She seems to have expressed it; the balance of
text: power. She turns, goes out, heads upstairs. Klute
text: unhurriedly takes up his folder of notes, then
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bree disposes her belongings. Klute moves to table.
text: There is a group of plants on the table that long
text: since died of neglect. He notices them and the
text: disorganization of the room without comment, opens
text: his folder, rummages for the photographs. Then,
text: exasperatedly --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Look, I told the police everything:
dialog: I don't even remember the schlub!
text: Klute doesn't respond. Klute sets out a photograph
dialog: for her to look at.
scene_heading: INSERT: PHOTOGRAPH TOM GRUNEMANN
speaker_heading: KLUTE, BREE
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: They showed me that one. I
dialog: understand it's Grunemann, but I
dialog: told them, I just don't remember.
text: Klute tosses down a second photograph.
scene_heading: INSERT: SECOND PHOTOGRAPH
dialog: Tom Grunemann, Elaine Grunemann, two daughters.
speaker_heading: BREE, KLUTE
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (cool)
dialog: A family sort of man.
text: Klute grunts, meaning 'yes'. She echoes his grunt,
dialog: meaning we don't know what. He tosses another --
scene_heading: INSERT: WIDE PHOTOGRAPH - COMPANY PICNIC
dialog: An everybody-over-here, fellow-employees, sort of
dialog: picture. (Including the figures of Streiger and
dialog: Cable among many others, male and female.) The
dialog: usual impedimenta -- picnic baskets, balls, bats, a
text: held sign: 'Tole-American'. KLUTE'S FINGER
dialog: indicates --
speaker_heading: KLUTE (V.O.)
dialog: -- Tom, again.
speaker_heading: KLUTE, BREE
text: She looks at the picture briefly, at him
text: questioningly.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Company outing or picnic or
dialog: something like that.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Isn't that sweet.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Well it could be any one of them
dialog: bubi; I get to see them all.
text: She separates from Klute, around the table (but
text: remains standing, restless). Klute puts photo
text: aside, prepares to take notes, as she pleads --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look -- please -- will you just try
dialog: to get it from my side? A year ago.
dialog: I was in the life fulltime. I was
dialog: living on Park with leather
text: furniture and a million dresses.
dialog: Then they dropped on me, the fuzz,
dialog: they caged me -- they started
dialog: asking me about a man, some man,
dialog: I'm supposed to have seen a year
dialog: before that. Two years ago, two. He
dialog: could be in Yemen!
text: She waits for Klute to respond -- he doodles
text: permissively on his pad of paper -- she goes on.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: A name. Grunemann. Nothing. And
dialog: they showed me pictures like this
dialog: and they meant nothing. Then they
dialog: asked me, well had I been getting
dialog: letters, from someone out there in
dialog: Cabbageville --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: -- Tuscarora --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: All right, yes, I had been. Those
dialog: sick, wild letters -- I'm watching
dialog: you, gonna follow you, gonna punish
dialog: you, kill you et cetera. Well, they
dialog: said, all right that's Grunemann.
dialog: So try to remember when you and he
dialog: - when -- well I don't know, there
dialog: was that dumper once, he sounded
dialog: like that dumper --
dialog: (explains)
dialog: Dumpers; they get their kicks
dialog: beating you up. A man hired me
dialog: once, then tried to really kill me
dialog: - that'd be about two years ago.
text: Without warning she wheels to the open windows, and
text: shouts out full-voiced -- both startling and
dialog: somewhat intriguing Klute --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: OK Tommy-baby, Allie-Allie-in-free
dialog: kid, I got the gumdrops.
text: Turns around again, to Klute. Cheerfully --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: You remind me of my uncle.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: What?
dialog: (then --)
dialog: What do you remember about that --
dialog: dumper?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Nothing. Except he wasn't kidding.
dialog: Usually it's a fakeout, you
dialog: probably know. They pretend to tie
dialog: you up, and you wear a dress with a
text: cloth belt and they pretend to whip
dialog: you or you --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hell it's their money. I'll hang
dialog: from the shower rod and whistle
dialog: Maytime. Except this guy was really
dialog: tripped out on it; he --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: But you can't say that Dumper was
dialog: Tom Grunemann.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I can't say he was anybody!
text: A brief pause. Klute sorts his notes. She may take
dialog: it that he's packing to leave -- hopes so anyhow.
text: For an instant we see the undefended girl
dialog: underneath --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: So -- OK -- that's all?
text: Then again she changes manner -- remembering a
dialog: practical problem, approaching it as a matter-of
dialog: fact hooker.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well could I have them back now
dialog: hon? -- those tape recordings
dialog: you've got downstairs -- OK? -- and
dialog: if you want you can have a good
dialog: time and I'll have a good time and--
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: What about everything since?
text: She draws back again. Up to now she's been
dialog: reasonably on top of things. Starting now we see
dialog: her driven toward the things she'd really rather
text: not talk about -- and increasingly more shaken.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: (prompts)
dialog: Everything that's happened since
dialog: Tom Grunemann disappeared. The
dialog: phone calls and the --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Just phone calls, right? They ring,
dialog: you answer, they don't say
dialog: anything, just blank. Kids getting
text: kicks. Burglars looking for an
dialog: empty apartment. I mean there is
dialog: nothing that proves --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: What about the other things you've
dialog: reported? --
dialog: (consulting notes)
dialog: -- being followed on the --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (interrupts -- awkwardly)
dialog: Look -- I'm sorry -- I've led
dialog: everybody wrong. I mean yes, I get
dialog: those feelings, but that's just me,
dialog: that's just feelings.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sure this will amuse you;
dialog: I'm scared of the dark. And
dialog: sometimes I get shook up, I hear
dialog: people or -- well, I'll come out in
dialog: the morning and think someone's
dialog: been prying at my mailbox, or
dialog: there's a little -- trash outside
dialog: my door and I wonder if someone
dialog: left it there for -- do you see? --
dialog: things other people wouldn't even
dialog: notice. Well that's not real, it's
dialog: just nerves; it's got nothing to do
dialog: with --
text: The PHONE RINGS. She startles. Then approaches with
text: some difficulty -- but then answers with complete
text: calm in her Smith-girl voice.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bree Daniel.
dialog: (listens. Brightly)
dialog: Oh yes, Ted Carlin, how is Ted?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Oh, well, thank you very much but
dialog: maybe the next time you're in town?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Well I just love Ted and I'd love
dialog: to meet you -- you have a very nice
dialog: voice -- but I just --
dialog: (listens, grows impatient)
dialog: Well I'm having a chat with a very
dialog: nice cop. Actually not a real cop;
dialog: he's a private inves --
text: A BUZZING from the phone; the connection abruptly
text: broken. She hangs up, recites.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Is that how you get most of your
dialog: dates? Someone gives your name to
dialog: someone else?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Most of them.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Is that how you met the Dumper? --
dialog: Someone else gave --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: How would I remember?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: How else do you meet them? Pimps?
dialog: (a beat)
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (patient)
dialog: You're very square. Pimps don't get
dialog: you dates, cookie; they just take
dialog: the money.
text: Klute takes up the slip of paper previously given
text: him by Trask. In the same manner as before --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I have some names the police gave
dialog: me. Frank Ligourin. Will you tell
dialog: me what --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: Look, I'm sure this'll amuse you
text: too. Ilia trying to get away from
dialog: all that.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: What about the old gentleman the
dialog: other night, Mr. Faber?
text: She freezes again, looking at him. Then savagely --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You saw that, goddamn you? You saw
dialog: it? He's seventy. His wife's dead.
dialog: He started cutting garments at
dialog: fourteen. His whole life, he's
dialog: maybe had a week's vacation, I'm
dialog: all he has and he never, never
dialog: touches me, and what harm in it,
dialog: what --
text: She chokes -- then goes on --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Klute, tell me, what's your bag?
dialog: Are you a talker, or a button man
dialog: or a doubler, or maybe you like
dialog: them very young -- children -- or
dialog: get your chest walked around with
dialog: high-heeled shoes, or have us watch
dialog: you tinkle? Or --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (under)
dialog: -- OK --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: -- You want to wear women's
dialog: clothes, or you get off ripping
dialog: things --
text: She grabs up the company picture, raging on --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: -- you perverted hypocrite square
dialog: bastards.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: OK.
dialog: Something in his inflection -- very slight --
text: cautions her. She falls silent as suddenly as she
dialog: began. Then cheerfully --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Gee I hope this doesn't make my
dialog: cold any worse.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Tell me about Frank Ligourin.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (casual, pleasant)
dialog: Mm? Oh, he was my old man. We broke
dialog: up.
text: She wanders away toward a bureau. Her shirt seems
text: to itch her; she scratches her ribs. Then opens
text: drawer, takes out a different shirt as --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: When?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When did you and Ligourin break up?
text: She pulls off her shirt, unhooks her brassiere and
text: discards it, apparently quite unselfconscious.
text: Klute reacts; then, carefully maintaining his cool
dialog: -
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mind not doing that?
text: She turns to him in total innocence, holding the
text: shirt rather carelessly in front of her -- a new
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What? This?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: -- OK?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (ingenuously)
dialog: I thought you could trick me for
dialog: those tapes. Don't you get lonely
dialog: in that little green room? Or let
dialog: me get you someone; I have terrific
dialog: friends, wild.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No thanks.
text: At this point -- or about this point -- Klute takes
text: note of something. A little above her. He grows
dialog: more watchful, but containing it carefully. We
dialog: don't understand the change in his manner -- or
text: even notice; she doesn't. In mock dismay --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Gee. I've had men pay two hundred
dialog: dollars for me -- here, you're
text: turning down a freebie.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You can get a perfectly good
dialog: dishwasher for that.
text: He has risen, is approaching her slowly -- carrying
text: his notes as if to check something. She is hopeful
dialog: again --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: You've changed your mind? You do
dialog: want to play?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (quietly, steadily)
dialog: I don't want you to look up.
text: There's someone on the skylight.
text: She gasps, terrified -- immediately -- almost
text: beyond control. He taps the pencil on his notes.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Easy -- pretend you're looking here-
dialog: (more insistently)
dialog: -- here.
text: She manages to take hold of a corner of the notes,
text: trembling. He goes on --
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I'm going to walk around -- you
dialog: just keep talking, straight
text: through, straight through.
text: He strolls away from her. His destination is the
text: area of the door -- out of view from the skylight --
text: from where he can head for the roof. But he doesn't
text: head that way directly -- first takes a turn in
text: another direction, his bearing casual. Prompting --
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me about acting -- what are
dialog: you doing tomorrow -- where do you
dialog: go?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (manages, barely)
dialog: I go on rounds.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Rounds, what are they? -- don't
dialog: watch me, keep talking.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You go see agents -- or Equity
dialog: calls, open casting calls. And ad
dialog: agencies -- commercials -- you
dialog: don't get work, you just go around.
text: Klute has strolled out of view from above --
text: instantly flattens himself against the wall, eases
text: the door open, about to slip and charge. As Bree
dialog: labors on --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: And they're always polite -- show
dialog: people -- they say thank you very
dialog: much. You lie there covered with
dialog: blood, smiling, they say --
scene_heading: INT. LANDING AND LADDER TO ROOF - NIGHT
text: FOOTSTEPS across the roof above, as the watcher
text: discovers Klute's ruse. Klute opens the door --
text: climbs ladder to roof.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOPS - NIGHT
text: -- Klute out, looking around --
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOPS: PAST KLUTE TO FLEEING FIGURE - NIGHT
text: The figure -- the man -- scissoring over the low
text: walls where one brownstone joins another. Klute
text: gives chase -- over ridges, past water tanks,
dialog: oddments of roof furniture --
scene_heading: EXT. SEVERAL ROOFTOPS BEYOND - NIGHT
text: The FIGURE races to a roof door disappearing into
text: abandoned building.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - ABANDONED BUILDING
text: CAMERA follows KLUTE as he cautiously makes his way
text: down the stairwell of the boarded up old
text: brownstone. He gets to the first floor. He can see
text: no exit in the building. He opens door that leads
text: to a narrow staircase into the cellar.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - ABANDONED BROWNSTONE
text: It is as black as a dungeon and as low. He lights a
text: match, but sees no one. There is a sound of
text: movement coming from the floor above, He runs up
text: the steps to the floor above and sees a very faint
text: light coming through one of the closed apartment
text: doors. Carefully takes out a gun and then with one
text: quick movement he breaks through the door.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED APARTMENT
text: The walls, ceiling, floors are entirely covered
text: with crudely painted psychedelic signs and sayings.
text: The room is lighted by some candies stuck in
text: bottles. Sitting on a blanket on the floor are
text: several teenaged boys and girls having a pot party.
dialog: They have obviously made a clubhouse for themselves
text: in the abandoned house. It is a MOOT POINT whether
text: they or KLUTE is more stunned at the sight that
text: faces them. He puts his gun away in embarrassment.
dialog: Again he has been made to feel like an awkward
text: peeping tom in this hidden world of the city.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - ABANDONED BUILDING
text: CAMERA wanders restlessly through the blackness and
text: stops at a pinpoint of light coming through a low
text: door. CAMERA goes through opening into long narrow
text: furnace room with the ceiling so low that an
text: ordinary man could not stand up. We hear the sound
text: of breathing. CAMERA follows the sound through the
text: darkness revealing a sweaty man huddled in the
text: corner looking like some strange animal from a
text: painting by Bosch. It is Cable.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bree has wrapped herself in the quilt -- standing
text: up against a corner shivering, immobilized. We hear
text: KLUTE'S FOOTSTEPS DESCENDING -- she flinches -- he
text: enters.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I couldn't get him.
text: He sees her condition. Gently --
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's all right.
text: He reaches to touch her -- she quails away from
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Well do you think it was him?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Can't you get him?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Maybe, if you tell me the things
dialog: you haven't.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You asked me where I got that date
dialog: with the dumper -- Frank sent me on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Do you know where he got the
dialog: dumper?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: He never told me.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Well, let's go down and ask him.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK WEST BUILDINGS - DAY
text: A shot catching the edge of CENTRAL PARK itself --
text: our first small view of greenery -- to the tall, be
text: limousined APARTMENT BUILDINGS OF C.P.W. The
text: FIGURES OF KLUTE, BREE walking upstreet, turning
text: under one of the canopies -- (Klute carries a
dialog: zipper book-case).
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HOUSE LOBBY - ON DOORMAN AT PHONE -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The DOORMAN hangs up the brass house-phone, smiles
text: and gestures them graciously into the (self
text: service) ELEVATOR. We see Klute -- without making
text: too much of it -- taking in the mirrors and marble
dialog: work.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR (MOVING): KLUTE, BREE
text: She breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What did you expect? Frankie still
dialog: has a good string, three girls.
dialog: Figure three hundred a week from
dialog: each.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Is that what you gave him?
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: INT. LIGOURIN'S APARTMENT: ON DOOR - DAY
text: The BUZZER sounding, FRANK LIGOURIN crossing to
text: open the door for BREE, KLUTE. Cheerful,
dialog: hospitable, nice, unpretentious.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Bree -- hi -- come in, come in.
dialog: The point of this one brief shot -- Bree's face --
text: in the instant after Frank has spoken and before
text: she enters, with Klute following. Her half-second
dialog: of hesitation. This is someone who gets to her
dialog: somehow -- probably always will.
scene_heading: WIDER LIGOURIN'S APT: THREESHOT - DAY
text: The apartment is as expected -- but not overdone; a
text: certain small amount of someone-lives-here litter.
text: A few, large but not very good, ABSTRACTIONS on the
text: walls. There is a large TABLE covered over with
text: photographs and mock-ups of magazine pages, a felt
dialog: board or easel with lettering samples -- Frank's
dialog: props really.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Frank -- Klute.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (shakes hands)
dialog: Hi. Come in.
dialog: (leads them in, indicating
dialog: table)
dialog: I was just catching up some work --
text: mocking up the photographs.
dialog: (to Klute)
dialog: I used to be a photographer myself
dialog: - Bree tell you? -- Before I got in
dialog: the publishing.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Frank, he knows you're a pimp. He
dialog: knows you were my pimp.
text: Short silence. Then with the tact of a gentleman
dialog: dealing with rude, difficult woman --
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well Bree, maybe you'd rather --
text: He gestures gently to indicate outside. She nods
text: once. He escorts her in that direction, OUT the
text: door, closing it behind them.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE LIGOURIN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: He escorts her to the elevator, pushes the down
text: button for her. In silence so far. Then, quietly --
dialog: as one who knows the other's thoughts --
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How's it been?
text: She shrugs a shoulder at him, looks away. He goes
text: on in the same quiet voice.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: With me Bree it's eternally the
dialog: same. Toward you. I guess you know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Yeah Frank, I know that.
text: She yanks at the elevator doors. But the elevator's
text: not here yet. She turns away sharply into the door
text: marked "Stairway". He turns back to his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. LIGOURIN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Frank reenters, with the calm smile of troop
dialog: chaplain.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I've always respected Bree.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'd like to make something clear.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I've just got a few --
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'd like to make something clear. I
dialog: don't go after a girl; a girl comes
dialog: to me. Her choice. Right?
text: He gestures Klute to one chair, sits in another,
text: waits calmly, attentively.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I'm looking for a man. Tom
dialog: Grunemann.
dialog: (no response, whatever)
dialog: Bree thinks he may have been the
dialog: dumper -- that call she had two
dialog: years ago. She says you sent her on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Two years ago? Sorry.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: They tell me you use narcotics.
dialog: Could I bring someone around to
dialog: look at your arms?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Look -- dad -- I may stand better
dialog: with the cops than you.
text: Klute waits.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: OK, a family matter. Between the
dialog: girls. I had two other cows --
dialog: (corrects himself)
dialog: -- two other girls besides Bree.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: She told me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: OK and one of them Jane McKenna --
dialog: she blows a little jealous of Bree
dialog: - you know? -- Bree comes first?
dialog: And evidently she knew the freak ---
dialog: that he was a dumper -- she conned
dialog: me into passing him to Bree, you
dialog: know, so Bree'd get hurt. I didn't
dialog: know. Till afterwards.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Why didn't you tell Bree,
dialog: afterwards?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (a little shocked)
dialog: You don't tell them. That one of
dialog: their own in-laws laid a dumper on
dialog: them?
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: Peace in the family.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Beyond that, I don't know. All she
dialog: wrote.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I'd like to talk with Jane McKenna.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Would I be telling you all this?
dialog: She copped out long ago. She
dialog: committed suicide Baxter.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HOUSE LOBBY: BREE - DAY
text: BREE sits, looks with curiosity at housewives her
dialog: age -- bringing their children in from the park, as
dialog: if trying to imagine what their lives could be
text: like. KLUTE emerges from elevator.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (TWO SHOT) - DAY
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Did you like my friend Frankie?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Didn't he tell you what you wanted?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It didn't go anywhere.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But that's not why --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: About the dumper, didn't he tell
dialog: you that?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It was Jane McKenna who sent you
dialog: the dumper.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Well -- she's dead.
text: At the corner he slows, starts unzipping his
text: bookcase as if indicating a change of route.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you were going back to
dialog: the apartment.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: You said you wanted these.
text: He hands over the TAPE-REELS.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh golly, oh just what I've always
dialog: dreamed of, dirty phone calls.
dialog: (then)
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: You told me what you could. I guess
dialog: I'm through with your part of it.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: Is there anything more I could --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I don't see anything, do you?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What're you gonna do next?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Try some other ways.
dialog: (starts off)
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What do I do meanwhile? -- wait for
dialog: that clown to fall through the
dialog: skylight on me?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: And I don't think that was Tom.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You said it was!
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No, I said what did you think.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh -- wait -- oh I get it. You said
dialog: that just to keep me scared. So I'd
dialog: tell you everything I -- oh clever;
dialog: oh you smart, tricky hick.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Well --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Hey, but did we get to you, Klute?
dialog: A little?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Yeah, you got to me.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: -- Us city folks? The sin, the
dialog: glitter, the wickedness?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Oh. No. Not that way. I'd say it
dialog: was more -- I don't know --
dialog: (hunts the word)
dialog: -- too bad? Pathetic?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Goodbye.
text: She turns smartly away, deposits the tapes in
text: passing in a litter box, departs. Klute looks after
text: her for a moment, then turns on his way. Then --
scene_heading: EXT. POV THROUGH LITTERBOX IN FOREGROUND TO POV OF
scene_heading: FIGURES OF KLUTE, BREE - DAY
text: This shot holds both in view for a moment, until
text: they both disappear separately in the traffic.
text: CAMERA moves in slightly on litterbox as a man's
text: hand comes into frame and removes the tapes.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: KLUTE - NIGHT
text: Klute, in pajama bottoms, lies in bed. A miserably
text: hot humid night. KNOCK at the door. He answers.
text: BREE stands in the doorway in bare feet.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What the hell do you mean,
dialog: pathetic?
text: She walks in past him, sits down on the edge of his
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It's kind of late.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: It got lonely upstairs. There's
text: someone on the roof.
text: He takes her seriously, starts to move.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, don't be a doo-doo.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Not much point to this, is there?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (placidly)
dialog: Ezra, I'm lots better than you're
dialog: used to. Tell me -- the other
dialog: night, watching me with Mr. Faber --
dialog: wasn't your tongue a little bit
dialog: hanging out?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: So you're not too different from
text: him, or the chap on the roof, or
dialog: Tommy-baby --
text: He starts for the bed, as if to lift her onto her
text: feet. She takes off her robe and swings her legs
text: up, and under the sheet.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, if you don't use it somebody
dialog: else just will. And you've done
dialog: your whole bit with me, your entire
dialog: duty, and so now this is my thing.
dialog: So enjoy, Mr. Faber would say,
dialog: enjoy.
text: Under the sheet she unlooses her pajama bottoms,
text: kicks them away, starts unbuttoning the shirt.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Bree -- thanks -- I don't want to.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh don't be all hypocrite. Or do
dialog: you really like other kicks? Is it
dialog: more just having power over
dialog: someone? -- so you don't really
dialog: need to --
text: He tries to rebutton the pajama shirt. She catches
text: his hand, thrusts it underneath. In grief and anger
dialog: --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who the hell are you, buttoning me
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: QUICK
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE --
speaker_heading: UPSHOT, C.U.
text: Their bodies lock together descending toward camera
dialog: --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE --
scene_heading: DOWNSHOT, C.U. SAME ACTION
text: Her hands slide about his shoulders. She is
text: laughing softly, affectionately, mockingly --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I knew it, I knew it, a killer.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE --
speaker_heading: C.U., HER FACE
text: -- triumphantly, contemptuously, orgiastically --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh lover -- oh you thrill me -- oh,
dialog: it's beautiful -- oh yes, yes -- oh
dialog: like that, like that, yes --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE --
speaker_heading: FACES
text: Klute gasps deeply -- entering orgasm. As soon as
text: she hears it, judges it, she drops her hands from
text: his shoulders, stills her own movements, lies
text: utterly passive, smiling calmly, letting him finish
text: for himself. He can't stop -- cries out -- cries
text: out again, burying his face against her -- is done.
text: Then he slowly raises up, shuddering, looking down
text: at her. He knows what she's done to him, is
text: helpless to do anything back. He rolls slowly out
text: of the embrace of her legs and lies silently --
text: looking upward, very much as we saw him at start of
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: FAVORIVG BREE
text: She waits, still smiling, for a while. But she's
text: not done with him yet. She rolls to lie with her
text: upper body on his, trailing her fingers across his
dialog: face. Affectionately, as a good whore --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: What's the matter hon? You were
dialog: great. Terrific. A tiger.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Well what're you down about? You
dialog: mean because you didn't get me
dialog: there?
dialog: (pause, comfortingly)
dialog: You can't expect that. I mean
dialog: Frank, yes, he'd get me there all
dialog: the time -- but never with a John.
text: She sits up, gropes her pajamas from the floor,
text: puts them on. In the same fond tone --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: And I'm sorry I can't stay and
dialog: learn your special little games.
dialog: And I certainly don't want you to
dialog: feel bad about this -- losing your
dialog: virtue all of a sudden -- because I
dialog: sort of knew you would. As I said,
dialog: like everyone, right?
text: She has the pajamas and robe on, pauses near the
dialog: door --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Besides - you can always tell
dialog: yourself you made me come
dialog: downstairs. Ta, luv.
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE: READING SCENE - DAY
text: A WIDE SHOT. An open casting call in an Off
dialog: Broadway Theatre. Darkness, except for the work
text: light onstage. A small GROUP there -- onstage --
text: including the figure of BREE. Just offstage, the
text: figures of DIRECTOR (JANG) and a PRODUCER. And the
dialog: rest of the theatre, the audience section, dotted
text: with the heads of ACTORS, ACTRESSES waiting for
text: their turns. Bree's voice rings out across the
dialog: gloom.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: -- Why?
speaker_heading: CLOSER, ONSTAGE
text: The others stand rigid as statues, facing dead
text: front -- an experimental drama, clearly -- all
text: holding scripts, as Bree hastens from one to
text: another, fiercely, imploringly --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why -- please, why? -- Why lose,
dialog: why look? Why hate and give and
dialog: want and love? Why get, grieve, g --
speaker_heading: JANG
dialog: (loudly, cheerfully)
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: All break posture, start offstage, while Bree,
text: caught in mid-stride, clowns it a little.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: -- gug -- gug --
text: -- then toward Jang, a bit succinctly, indicating
dialog: script --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why? -- I want to know what.
speaker_heading: JANG
dialog: (laughs tolerantly)
dialog: No, that was very good everybody.
dialog: Do we have all your resumes?
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: (from list)
dialog: Booth -- Osman -- Zuff -- Anjeris
dialog: Chaka.
text: WIDER, near stage front.
text: Bree shrugs, steps down off stage with the others.
text: Bree finds Jang's hand out for her script, smiles
text: wanly, turns it over, continues on out of scene.
text: She finds something - someone -- impeding her way.
text: Looks up.
text: PAST BREE TO KLUTE
text: Klute has edged out into the aisle to intercept
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE ENTRANCE: GREENWICH VILLAGE - DAY
text: Bree comes out, turns.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: You asked if there was anything
dialog: more you could help me with.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: When?
dialog: Pause. Impasse.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I've checked the records of Jane
dialog: McKenna's death -- I can't get
dialog: anything special. But Frank
dialog: Ligourin had another girl you said,
dialog: besides McKenna and you.
speaker_heading: BREE
text: Arlyn Page.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Did she and Jane McKenna know each
dialog: other?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Frankie kept them in the same
dialog: apartment: it cut his travel-time.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Then maybe Arlyn Page knew the
dialog: Dumper too.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Arlyn had a very big habit - heroin
dialog: - she's the one who started Frank.
dialog: She's strung out now; you won't
dialog: find her.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: You could help me find her. You
dialog: know the people.
dialog: (as she turns away)
dialog: I'll pay you a hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I can make that in a lunch break!
dialog: (then)
dialog: Look, Hiram, you're sure it isn't
dialog: just me? -- you decided you liked
dialog: it, after all, the other night;
dialog: you'll hang around for seconds?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Don't worry.
text: She examines him -- shrugs -- turns, proceeds along
dialog: the sidewalk, Klute accompanying --
scene_heading: EXT. DISCOTHEQUE - NIGHT
text: In the small hours. The same place seen previously,
text: the gathering place. KLUTE, BREE arriving and
text: entering.
scene_heading: INT. DISCOTHEQUE - NIGHT
text: Klute and Bree head toward the rear. Her arrival
text: causes a little stir. She exchanges greetings with
text: one or two, is watched by others.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Joanie -- Mike, hi --
dialog: (to another, a Negro girl)
dialog: Hi Pat.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: Hey Bree honey, who you got?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: A new daddy. I'n he cute?
dialog: Bree leads on to where --
scene_heading: PAST KLUTE, BREE TO TRINA
text: TRINA sits alone at a rear table -- anything but a
text: whore in appearance -- a quietly beautiful,
text: immaculately dressed woman of about thirty.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Trina this is Klute. I told you
dialog: about him.
speaker_heading: TRINA
dialog: Oh yes Mr. Klute -- won't you both
dialog: join me?
dialog: (as they sit)
dialog: And how do you like our fair city?
dialog: There's so much here don't you
dialog: think? The museums and the books
dialog: and the foreign films -- Bree, have
dialog: you seen the Godard film?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Uh uh.
speaker_heading: TRINA
dialog: Oh you've got to. He does such fun
dialog: things with imagery. And I've been
dialog: reading The Fall --
dialog: (to Klute, enunciating
dialog: carefully)
dialog: -- The Fall by Ahlbair Camoo --
dialog: it's the same thing, you know the
dialog: imagery --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Trina honey, he just wants to find
text: Arlyn Page.
text: Trina undergoes a change of demeanor. Flatly --
speaker_heading: TRINA
dialog: Why? She's a junkie.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (prods gently)
dialog: She was with you after she left
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: TRINA
dialog: Well she's not now.
dialog: (then quavering --)
dialog: I did everything for Arlyn. I loved
dialog: Arlyn I took her right into my
dialog: apartment, my own sweet apartment
dialog: on First. But she wouldn't stay off
dialog: it -- the junk -- and I wept and I
dialog: pleaded and I held her in my arms -
dialog: and she started taking things, my
dialog: things, and selling them for horse.
dialog: My clothes.
dialog: We could've had everything
dialog: together, everything -- and then
dialog: the bitch sold
dialog: my mink!
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER LATE NIGHT SPOT - NIGHT
text: We dolly with KLUTE &amp; BREE as they walk in front of
text: a row of tables. This night spot is totally black
text: except for a series of huge slide projections on
text: the wall in back of the tables. The slides, which
dialog: change every few seconds are elegant
text: representations of the beautiful people living the
text: good life as seen in such magazines as VOGUE, TOWN
text: &amp; COUNTRY &amp; HARPERS BAZAAR. The customers sitting
text: in the darkness below provide a direct contrast to
text: the pictures in back. The silhouette figures of
text: BREE &amp; KLUTE stop at a table seating three people,
text: two call girls and a pimp. CAMERA moves in.
speaker_heading: FIRST GIRL
dialog: Arlyn Page?
speaker_heading: SECOND GIRL
dialog: You'll never catch up; she's
text: grooved out.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Gil?
text: The pimp looks distrustfully at Klute who reassures
dialog: --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I'm not looking for her personally
dialog: - someone she might know about.
speaker_heading: PIMP
dialog: (shrugs; to Bree)
dialog: Try Janie Dale.
scene_heading: INT. JANIE DALE'S PENTHOUSE
text: It is a very small penthouse. KLUTE &amp; BREE stand in
text: the small living room waiting for JANIE DALE. There
text: are two very casually dressed prostitutes sitting
text: around the living room. One sits at an upright
text: piano playing of all things STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT.
text: Another one sits on a couch talking to a Wall
text: Street Broker who is spending his lunch hour. KLUTE
text: finds himself staring down into a pile of
text: pornography magazines on the coffee table. BREE is
text: amused at his discomfort.
text: JANIE DALE, the madame, who has been on the phone
text: in the back, puts the receiver down and crosses to
text: the girl on the couch. JANIE looks and talks a bit
dialog: like Lauren Bacall.
speaker_heading: JANIE DALE
dialog: (to girl on couch)
dialog: It's old Mr. Clean from Cleveland.
dialog: He wants to know when he can fly in
dialog: and clean up the apartment and see
dialog: you. I told him I have all the
dialog: cleaning equipment and that he can
dialog: come anytime, but it's up to you.
text: GIRL on couch rises.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You know he wants us to be
dialog: dominant.
speaker_heading: JANIE DALE
dialog: Tell him that he'd better have his
dialog: ass in here by one o'clock on
dialog: Monday afternoon or you won't let
text: him clean the bathroom floor, and
dialog: tell him the price has gone up
dialog: twenty bucks -- Old Dutcn
dialog: Cleanser's not as cheap as it used
dialog: to be.
text: She shrugs and turns to KLUTE &amp; BREE.
speaker_heading: JANIE DALE (CONT'D)
dialog: You wanted to know about Arlyn,
dialog: honey? I had to let her go dear.
dialog: Arlyn stopped being reliable.
dialog: (explains to Klute)
dialog: I deal with a high type client,
dialog: business people, you understand? I
dialog: can't send them someone that's all
text: the time half zonked out.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Do you know where she went?
speaker_heading: JANIE DALE
dialog: Try Momma Reese.
text: THIS IS A CHEAPER APARTIENT THAN JANIE DALE'S
text: The girls look cheaper, and the customers, rather
dialog: than Wall Street lawyers and brokers, look more
text: like out of town salesmen who stay at local motor
dialog: inns.
text: MOMMA REESE is older than JANIE DALE, heavier and
text: with no pretense at chic. She indicates that she
text: has not seen ARLYN in some time.
speaker_heading: MOMMA REESE
dialog: Try Bill Azure. If you can find
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. EIGHT AVENUE BAR - ABOUT 4 IN THE MORNING
text: This is a hangout where black and white pimps wait
dialog: to meet their whores after their night of street
dialog: walking. This streetwalker world is far removed
dialog: from the world of the call girl or the world of
text: Janie Dale. CAMERA pans past a group of pimps at
dialog: the bar taking bet on whose girls have made the
text: most money that night. CAMERA then goes on to
text: reveal KLUTE talking to another pimp (Azure). Azure
text: represents a clear step down from Frank Ligourin.
dialog: We catch only part of their dialogue.
speaker_heading: AZURE
dialog: -- a couple weeks then she'd drift
dialog: off a couple of weeks, you know
dialog: what I mean?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Have you heard from her recently?
speaker_heading: AZURE
dialog: She liked me all right but she had
dialog: what she liked better, you know
dialog: what I mean?
text: We START FADE SOUND as Klute repeats --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Have you heard from her recently?
dialog: -- and CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. LINGERIE SHOP: PROPRIETRESS, BREE, KLUTE
speaker_heading: PROPRIETRESS
dialog: -- She'd come in and I'd let her
dialog: have something. Why not; she'd been
dialog: a good customer, a beautiful
dialog: person, a beautiful beautiful
dialog: person.
text: Again we fade sound a little before picture, then
speaker_heading: CUT TO --
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE ADULT MOVIE THEATER: KLUTE,
scene_heading: STREETWALKERS - DAY OR NIGHT
dialog: Outside Theatre or Bookstore - Peepshow; an 8th
scene_heading: Avenue establishment. SILENT ACTION this (or VOICES
text: UNDER). Klute confers with one girl who summons and
text: consults another. They seem to know of Arlyn --
dialog: haven't seen her recently -- refer him elsewhere --
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT HOUSE: MRS. VASEK, KLUTE - DAY
text: A shabby place in a shabby neighborhood. Mrs.
text: Vasek, the landlady, shifts barrels at the same
text: time that she barks at Klute, in heavy accent.
speaker_heading: MRS. VASEK
dialog: The whore, yeah. I threw out.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Do you know where she went from
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MRS. VASEK
dialog: Live like animals. Her and the man.
dialog: Out.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (reacts)
dialog: Was she living with a man?
text: We see Klute persisting - DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. WIDE SHOT: SLUM STREET - DAY
dialog: We still HOLD WIDE to establish the scene. This is
text: a genuine slum. We see Bree, Klute move along
text: street. We see Bree drop back a little, Klute
text: waiting for her to catch up.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET: BREE, KLUTE
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (glances about)
dialog: What the hell do you think's the
dialog: matter.
dialog: (then suggests)
dialog: I could wait for you someplace.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: If Arlyn Page is living with Tom
dialog: Grunemann --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: -- Then you don't need me.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: But if it's someone else I do.
text: He starts on, simply assuming that she'll follow.
dialog: (There is a degree of acquaintanceship in their
dialog: manners now - a reluctant collaboration.)
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You sure pull a lot of mileage out
dialog: of a hundred dollars.
text: -- and follows on. He checks numbers, then crosses
text: street diagonally toward a half-framed house.
scene_heading: INT. NEWARK HOUSE - DAY
text: A downshot from second floor level toward the entry
text: way where KLUTE &amp; BREE appear. KLUTE strikes a
text: match to inspect the names of tenants. He and Bree
text: climb through stench and litter to the second floor
text: -- a door. From somewhere near at hand come the
text: sounds of someone RETCHING. A square of wood has
text: been sawed out of the door itself, removing handle
text: and lock -- light sifts through. Klute hesitates,
text: decides against knocking, pushes in.
scene_heading: INT. ARLYN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The retching sounds are coming from the connecting
text: room. No one visible here. A very few barren pieces
text: of furniture. We hear ARLYN'S VOICE ask from the
dialog: next room --
speaker_heading: ARLYN (O.S.)
dialog: Cappy?
text: ARLYN enters rather eagerly. She sees Klute first,
text: then Bree -- recognizes her -- retires flat against
text: a wall, holding one palm outwards to shield her
text: face. She is unbelievably gaunt. Inside one elbow,
text: looking rather like a birthmark, we see a lacework
text: of purple where her veins have pulped together.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Arlyn? Honey?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Look, it's all right.
text: From the connecting room a MAN'S VOICE (Berger's)
text: calling out hoarsely.
speaker_heading: BERGER (O.S.)
dialog: Is it Cappy? Cappy? --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Arlyn, it's all right.
text: BERGER hastens, stumbles, into the doorframe
text: carrying a CAR-RADIO with wires dangling, speaks
text: before he sees them.
speaker_heading: BERGER
dialog: Cappy, I got a radio!
text: He stops for an instant face-to-face with Klute.
text: Then turns, plunges out of view again. Arlyn breaks
dialog: after.
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: No --
text: We hear the MUMBLE and WHISPER of their voices from
text: the connecting room (as she reassures him). Bree
text: looks inquiringly at Klute (is that Grunemann?): he
text: shakes his head. Pause, then ARLYN reenters,
text: wrapping her fingers together timidly -- wanting
dialog: them out -- her only purpose.
speaker_heading: ARLYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Bree -- honey - please, we're
dialog: waiting for someone.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Arlyn, he just wanted to ask some
dialog: questions -- something you could
dialog: help us about.
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: Can't you see I'm strung out?
dialog: (cries out)
dialog: Please, we're waiting for it --
dialog: he's got to have it!
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: We'll go. Just something you could
dialog: tell us, first.
text: Arlyn seems to accept the bargain. He indicates to
text: Bree to proceed, stands away a little. Arlyn covers
text: her elbow with one hand. Bree manages as best she
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Honey, a couple of years ago, with
dialog: Jane and Frankie? -- Jane sent me a
dialog: Dumper --
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: Please, if he sees you, he won't
dialog: come!
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Arlyn, just tell me, did Jane have
dialog: a dumper, one of her regular Johns?
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: What about him? Yes.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Did he come around often?
text: Klute hands Grunemann's picture to Bree: Bree shows
text: it to Arlyn. Arlyn inspects it, then uncertainly,
dialog: weakly --
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: No. He was an older man hon. The
dialog: dumper was older.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Do you remember his name? What can
dialog: you tell me about him?
text: We hear FOOTSTEPS - UNDER, DIMLY - mounting the
text: stairs. Bree notices them first, Klute persisting
dialog: with Arlyn --
speaker_heading: BERGER (O.S.)
dialog: (shouts desperately)
dialog: Arlyn, get them out.
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: Please, I am begging you.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It's important.
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: That's not the Dumper, that's all!
dialog: He was an older man!
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Can you give me any more
dialog: description than that?
text: Arlyn catches the footsteps, dodges past him toward
text: the door, intending to reassure --
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: Cappy? --
text: -- as the pusher, CAPPY, steps in. All of this is
text: very quick, simultaneous, a confusion of voices.
text: CAPPY takes one look at Klute --
speaker_heading: ARLYN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's all right, they're all right --
text: -- turns and runs.
speaker_heading: BERGER (O.S.)
dialog: Cappy? -- Cappy?
text: Cappy's FOOTSTEPS race away down the stairs. BERGER
text: plunges out from the connecting room, still
text: carrying the car radio, shouting, pursuing --
speaker_heading: BERGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Cappy it's all right! I got a radio
dialog: -- don't run, don't --
text: We hear him STUMBLE AND FALL on the stairs outside,
text: the sound of body reeling down. Arlyn shrieks and
text: races after: Klute and Bree follow.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE: LOWER HALL - DAY
text: We see BERGER lying at the foot of the stairs. As
text: Arlyn clatters down toward him, Berger sways up
text: onto his knees. His nose is bloodied, he cries.
text: Arlyn casts herself on her knees beside him, pulls
text: his face against her, croons to him, soothes and
text: tends him.
speaker_heading: ARLYN
dialog: Oh baby -- no it's all right -- oh
dialog: my baby baby baby --
text: Klute and Bree are only a half-step behind. Klute
text: offers to assist: Arlyn puts him away ferociously.
speaker_heading: ARLYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Get out!
dialog: (to Berger, again)
dialog: Don't cry my baby; I'll find him,
dialog: I'll get it. Baby, baby, don't cry.
dialog: (to Klute savagely,
dialog: incoherently)
dialog: Leave us alone! Get out and get out
dialog: and leave us alone!
dialog: (to Berger)
dialog: My honey, my baby, my baby --
dialog: We DISSOLVE TO --
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN: REFLECTION IN WINDOW OF BREE AND
scene_heading: KLUTE SITTING SIDE BY SIDE
text: CAMERA moves in closer so we only see reflection of
text: BREE looking at herself and at the world seeming to
text: speed by at an inhuman pace as the lights of the
text: tunnel zoom past her face. What she sees is the
text: figure of a woman with life screaming past her out
dialog: of control.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY
text: SUBWAY slows to a stop and a door opens. BREE sits
text: with KLUTE staring at the open door and then
text: without warning - gets up and runs off the train.
text: The door closes, leaving KLUTE locked in the train.
speaker_heading: SUBWAY EXIT
text: SHOT of BREE's feet rushing up the stairs in
text: darkness and then quick cut to her face as she hits
text: the sunlight. She pauses for a moment - relieved to
dialog: be out of the darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP OF BREE'S BROWNSTONE - NIGHT
text: CAMERA pans from night view of New York City to
text: KLUTE sitting on the rooftop alone as if trying to
text: comprehend all he has seen, the mystery of TOM
dialog: GRUNEMANN's disappearance in this world and the
dialog: mysteries of the behavior of BREE.
scene_heading: SKYLIGHT INTO BREE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Alongside of him the skylight of BREE's apartment
text: lights up. He looks through the skylight and sees
text: BREE enter her apartment. He can hear BREE talking
text: to somebody, and then he sees that she is talking
text: to FRANK LIGOURIN.
text: KLUTE watches through the skylight and hears bits
text: and pieces of the scene between BREE and FRANK. He
text: sees the same kind of symbiosis, the same kind of
text: parody of loving that he saw between ARLYN &amp;
text: BERGER. As the scene becomes more intimate he
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: INT. CABLE'S (CITY) OFFICE: ON KLUTE - DAY
text: The pristine, antiseptic, elegance off CABLE'S
text: office is in its own way as unreal and dehumanized
text: as the sexual underworld KLUTE has been exploring
text: with BREE, and KLUTE looks as out of place in the
text: one as he does in the other. TRASK sits beside
text: KLUTE facing CABLE who is impeccably dressed. He is
text: the total image of the executive in control.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: She wouldn't be reliable anyhow --
dialog: a narcotics addict.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I believed her, Pete.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: He's right you know. Waiting for
dialog: the pusher, she'd tell you
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I believed her: the Dumper was not
dialog: Tom Grunemann.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: All right, suppose it wasn't Tom
dialog: Grunemann; where does that get you?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (smiles ruefully)
dialog: It's where it doesn't get me. I've
dialog: got nothing left that connects to
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Then, close the case.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I better keep looking.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Where, how?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (the best he can offer)
dialog: I could try Arlyn Page again. She
dialog: saw much more of the Dumper than
dialog: Bree Daniel.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You just finished telling me she
dialog: had nothing to offer. Not Tom, you
dialog: said, the Dumper was clearly not
dialog: Tom.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It's got to make sense some way.
text: CABLE'S SECRETARY appears for a moment tapping her
dialog: watch significantly.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: Mr. Cable -- they are meeting in
text: Mr. Camara's office.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Yes Evvie, thanks. Gentlemen, I'm
dialog: sorry.
text: They rise, dismissed. He sorts a paper or two,
text: continues to Klute.
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm flying back out to Pennsylvania
dialog: Friday; I'll fill them in on
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: How is it back there?
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: I think you're homesick.
dialog: (reflects)
dialog: I'll be out at my camp over the
dialog: weekend. Nice right now, that touch
dialog: of fall in the air, that skim of
dialog: frost in the early mornings, very
dialog: peaceful.
dialog: (briskly again)
dialog: John, I'll be back here again
dialog: Thursday; I'll be in touch.
dialog: Lieutenant, thank you.
text: KLUTE and TRASK depart.
text: CABLE closes the door and returns to his desk. He
text: pulls out a tape recorder from a drawer in his
text: desk, rewinds it and turns it on. We hear a
text: playback of the previous scene with KLUTE and
text: TRASK. He stands at the window listening with some
text: satisfaction; as if listening to what KLUTE
text: revealed keeps him in control of the situation.
scene_heading: EXT. WINDOW - CABLE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The CAMERA pulls back from a CU of CABLE standing
text: at the window to a wide angle looking at CABLE
text: through the window. The window is 30 or 40 stories
text: high. The wide angle lens almost makes the building
text: look like it is standing on point, and CABLE, a man
text: suspended in space.
scene_heading: EXT. WIDE SHOT: DOCKS - DAY
text: A TUGBOAT has pulled in. The SOUND of its heavy
dialog: ENGINES, IDLING, runs underneath this entire
text: sequence. A POLICE VEHICLE or two has parked at the
text: head of the dock. We see several figures on the
text: rear deck of the tug, but it's not clear at this
text: distance what they're doing. The POLICE CAR WITH
text: KLUTE arrives. He dismounts and proceeds from dock
dialog: to tug-deck.
scene_heading: EXT. TUGBOAT DECK: GROUP - DAY
text: TRASK glances toward Klute as he arrives, but
text: doesn't greet him. His attention, like the others,
text: is directed downward and
text: off-scene (to the surface of the water actually,
text: just outboard of the tug). We see beside Trask TWO
scene_heading: Uniformed Cops (SUGARMAN and SPENCE) and DECKHANDS.
text: And we hear, along with the throbbing of the
text: engines, a stirring about of the water and a
text: peculiar third noise -- rather commingled with the
dialog: engines -- which we can't at first identify.
text: Klute joins the group, watches.
text: SPENCE brings into view, and shakes out, a giant
text: neoprene body bag. INSTRUCTIONS among the group AD
speaker_heading: LIB, UNDER --
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: (toward Klute)
text: They were bringing a freighter down
dialog: through Kill Van Kull; propellers
text: washed it up on top.
text: SUGARMAN brings into view a METAL BASKET attached
text: with short ropes. He complains --
speaker_heading: SUGARMAN
dialog: Why didn't you bring it up on deck?
speaker_heading: DECKHAND
dialog: Would you bring it up on deck?
text: They slip the basket downward, out of frame (into
dialog: the water).
speaker_heading: DECKHAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (to other)
dialog: Mickey, get something. Get the eels
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SPENCE
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: They'll drop off theirselves when
text: she comes out.
dialog: We CUT TO -
speaker_heading: BERGER - DAY
text: We see Berger sitting huddled against the tugboat
dialog: cabin -- we haven't seen him before -- with his
text: hands bunched in front of his mouth. We identify
dialog: the noise which may have puzzled us before -- his
speaker_heading: SOBBING.
scene_heading: DOWNSHOT: SURFAICE OF WATER, BASKET, BODY
text: We catch a fleeting glimpse of the body being
text: lifted, just before it breaks the surface of the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: FAVORING KLUTE
text: Klute looks on as EFFECTS trace the processing of
text: the body. SPENCE kneels down out of frame to slide
text: the bag around it. TRASK kneels down to make a
text: brief examination -- straightens again. To Klute --
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: It'll go to the Examiner. But I
dialog: don't see nothin that means nothin.
text: We MOVE WITH KLUTE as he turns and moves away a few
text: feet along deck. Here he stands. Then SUGARMAN
text: moves into view holding a clipboard. Routinely --
speaker_heading: SUGARMAN
dialog: You help us with ID? We can't get
dialog: nothin from him.
text: He indicates the direction of Berger. Klute
text: examines the clipboard data.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Arlyn Page was probably an alias.
dialog: She went by the names Terry Arlyn
dialog: and June Price. She may have been
dialog: from Pittsburgh, someone told me. I
dialog: can give you a list of people who
dialog: knew her, if that would help to --
speaker_heading: SUGARMAN
dialog: No point, thanks.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Is he claiming the body?
speaker_heading: SUGARMAN
dialog: Uh uh, that'd mean funeral
dialog: expenses.
text: He spits, moves back in the direction of the group;
text: Klute continues to stand. BERGER moves in his
dialog: direction. Brokenly --
speaker_heading: BERGER
dialog: Man could you help me?
text: Klute doesn't understand his purport, reacts
text: instantly, sympathetically --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Yeah, what?
speaker_heading: BERGER
dialog: You know, help me out. That's my
dialog: baby there, dead. I got to get up.
text: Klute stares at him -- a quiet horror -- as Berger
dialog: insists --
speaker_heading: BERGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Man you don't know what that does
dialog: to me, my baby dead --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: -- You've got to get up.
speaker_heading: BERGER
dialog: Yeah.
text: Klute shoves a bill in his hand, turns away very
text: sharply, off the tugboat.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK: KLUTE - DAY
text: Klute walks a longer distance this time, sits down
text: on one of the pilings of the dock. Watching him we
dialog: see what might be a profound awe and grief at all
dialog: these things -- but is, in fact, a good deal more.
text: EFFECTS, O.S. as Police Vehicles are loaded, driven
text: away and as tug toots, runs up engines, puts out
dialog: again.
text: TRASK moves into scene, sits on another piling,
text: looks at him speculatively. Silence. Then --
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: That's how the other one died, you
dialog: know. In the water.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I looked it up.
dialog: Then -- (we are assuming a complete understanding
text: here between Klute and Trask, non-verbal. What
dialog: Trask is asking, in effect, is: is this meaningful?
dialog: Do we both suspect the same man?)
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: It is late afternoon, but BREE is in her pajamas
text: curled up in her bed. There are some magazines
text: scattered around the bed and the television set is
text: on an old movie. There are cracker crumbs in the
text: bed and a cup of coffee and an open jar of peanut
text: butter with the knife sticking out of the jar on
text: the floor by the bed. It would seem that BREE has
text: spent most of the day in bed. She looks like an
text: unkempt child. The phone is ringing, but she does
text: not answer it. The phone no sooner stops than the
text: door bell rings. Reluctantly she gets out of bed
text: and goes to the door. She looks through the spy
text: hole and sees Klute's face. She undoes two locks
text: and an obviously new chain and bolt and opens the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Well hello -- come on in.
text: He barely enters the room. His manner is cool and
dialog: remote.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I thought you ought to know, Arlyn
text: Page is dead.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: The same as Jane McKenna.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (she betrays no reaction)
dialog: Thanks for the jolly news. I
dialog: thought maybe you'd left town by
dialog: now. You kind of just disappeared.
dialog: But you boys from Tuscarora have a
dialog: habit of disappearing, don't you?
text: Klute looks around the disorderly room. The plants
text: in the windowsill have never been in worse shape.
text: They look as if she deliberately let them die of
dialog: thirst.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: The next few weeks I would like to
dialog: know where you are all the time.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Just let me know when you are going
dialog: out and where --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What if i go out on tricks - you
dialog: wanna come along? You could sit and
dialog: read the National Geographic.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: How can you do it to yourself?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: I don't get you.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Ligourin: How could you do it?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I told you before, you wouldn't
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: You're right, I don't understand.
dialog: Explain it to me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You were scared. Arlyn Page, that
dialog: scared you. Well it should; that's
dialog: death.
dialog: So what did you do, you ran
dialog: straight for it, death. Ligourin
dialog: kills women.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No, no you're right, I'm sorry. He
dialog: uses women; he lets them kill
dialog: themselves. Is that how you want
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Arlyn was a junkie; I'm not on
dialog: junk!
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No, you can find some other way.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Explain it to me. Bree, show me any
dialog: sense to --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (screams, incoherently)
dialog: You get the Christ out! You dumb
dialog: stupid bastard, you don't know
dialog: anything, you square, you get out!
dialog: I don't have to show you anything;
dialog: you get out!
text: Klute goes.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The empty apartment. He enters, switches a light on
text: (dusk), tosses aside jacket, bookcase, etc., then
text: sits down on the edge of his bed, with one foot
text: propped up on it.
text: FOOTSTEPS and A RAP at the door. He looks up, but
text: doesn't move, doesn't answer. BREE opens it,
text: enters. There are tear-tracks down her face, but
text: she's no longer crying. She tries to smile, tries
text: to explain her wants. Then with the unhurried,
text: graven composure of absolute desperation, she sits
text: on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: If I asked you something, would you
dialog: not laugh? -- asked you to look at
dialog: something?
text: She pushes up her sleeve, points at tiny spot on
text: her arm - a freckle. He peers at it then at her
text: puzzledly.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: I thought it was maybe changing
dialog: shape or something.
text: Klute looks at it again. Judiciously --
text: He shows her a spot or two on his own forearm. She
text: compares, is reassured. Embarrassedly, she tries to
text: smile. It is unsuccessful. She gets up and moves
text: about. Her manner in general is totally unguarded,
text: honest, undramatic, searching.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look -- I hate everybody; and I'm
dialog: sorry for everybody; and I'm scared
dialog: all the time.
text: He only grunts. A sound like 'OK' or 'all right' --
text: an invitation to leave. But she won't be driven
text: away. More urgently, helplessly:
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I don't know either. It's
dialog: like the only thing I know how to
dialog: do -- I feel safe.
text: She's left the door a little ajar. He widens it for
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It's been a full day.
text: She pushes it out of his hand, pushes it shut. A
dialog: little more angrily:
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: We did this before.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: No.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Well all right. But you want to and
dialog: I want you to and we both know it
dialog: and all right.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (evenly, slowly)
dialog: I don't like getting splashed.
text: She accepts it decently. Tries to smile again,
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: OK ----- OK
text: She gestures, tries to find something more to say,
text: moves by degrees toward the door -- and would
dialog: succeed in leaving. But then:
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: --- Bree ---
text: Standing still, she starts again to cry -- and
text: bravely to keep the crying to herself. The child
text: bereft. He contends with himself, then crosses to
text: her, puts his arms around her, soothes her hair. A
text: completely asexual gesture at this point, a giving
text: of comfort. She clings, trembles, burrows. Then --
text: a SERIES OF DISSOLVES: The street outside, at
text: different times of night interposed, with Bree and
dialog: Klute at different times of love, As Follows:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - DAY
dialog: The street as we saw it just previously... still
text: daylight... still somewhat populated, but drawing
text: toward dusk.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: BPEE, KLUTE - NIGHT
text: Darkness now, or close to dark; the room heavily
text: shadowed. Bree and Klute sit together on the bed.
text: He still strokes her hair. He has pulled a blanket
text: around her shoulders. The transaction is still not
text: overtly sexual, but the tenderness is more overt.
text: He rubs his cheek against her forehead. She herself
text: is quieter, comforted. She begins to stir against
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - NIGHT
dialog: The street at night. Eleven o'clock, let's say.
text: Some lit windows; a single car moving past.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - NIGHT
text: All the windows dark this time. The deepest night,
text: just before the sky begins to lighten.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: BREE, KLUTE - NIGHT
text: Klute is alseep -- more or less -- on his stomach.
text: Bree beside him lies awake. She trails her fingers
text: about his back. A rather tentative, exploratory
text: business. Her expression is more wondering than
dialog: anything else -- what does she have here, and can
dialog: she get used to it?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - DAY (DAWN)
text: The street's first stirrings. From not far off, the
text: sounds of trash cans being collected.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: BREE, KLUTE - DAY (DAWN)
text: Klute half sits up in bed. Bree is fast asleep with
text: her head pillowed on his midsection. Some humor in
text: this shot: he wants to move but doesn't want to
text: wake her. At a point he risks it, reaches out for
text: something beside the bed. Her eyes open
text: immediately. He puts his hand on her face, trying
text: gently to press her back.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Go back to sleep.
text: But she takes his hand -- and retains it -- rolls
text: onto her back. Still relaxed, but a little more
dialog: separate, thoughtful -- a mixture of the Bree we've
dialog: seen before and the Bree we've glimpsed, the
dialog: possible Bree. She observes:
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I'm still scared.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I mean different but still.
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: Look, I made it very clear from the
dialog: start, you're a yokel, you don't
dialog: excite me, you don't even interest
dialog: me, and so I only have one question
dialog: which is what the hell are you
dialog: doing in my bed?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: My bed.
text: She grins, then starts to reach for him, still
text: receptive -- then feels another (and genuine) pang,
text: turns her head away sharply.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh!
text: He looks at her with concern, but only caresses
text: her. She manages to explain --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: I am scared. The things I do. The
dialog: things I could do to you.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: No, not just 'mm'. You don't know
dialog: what I --
text: He settles himself beside her, makes overtures. She
dialog: responds, but:
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh boy, say, you think you're
dialog: pretty good.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Yup.
text: She pretends to bite -- they tussle -- she feels a
text: suddenly growing excitement, seizes him. Fiercely,
text: welcomingly, full out.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh --
dialog: And we cut directly to:
scene_heading: INT. SPANGLER'S OFFICE: BREE, SPANGLER - DAY
text: Bree standing, angry, antagonistic, demanding. In a
dialog: way -- a Bree-like way -- she's seized psychiatry
text: by the throat.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: The son of a bitch seduced me!
text: She waits. Spangler says nothing.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: I know: it's ridiculous. But it's
dialog: tearing me up and I don't know why.
dialog: And look, all right, I came here
dialog: didn't I? And if I have to, I'll
dialog: keep coming here, the works, and
dialog: talk about my mummy and my daddy
dialog: and I'll even pay for it, but will
dialog: you kindly for God's sakes say
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: SPANGLER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'd just be guessing.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Guess!
speaker_heading: SPANGLER
dialog: Maybe this wasn't just a trick.
dialog: Maybe you're in danger of real
dialog: love, real involve --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (primly, distintly)
dialog: I do not love him.
speaker_heading: SPANGLER
dialog: (undeterred, suggests)
dialog: You've spent your life avoiding
dialog: this. You'll try hard to deny it;
dialog: you're quite likely to destroy it.
speaker_heading: WE CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PLAZA OF LINCOLN CENTER
text: Sunlight is beaming on the graceful fountains and
text: elegant architecture.
text: Groups of cheerful tourists are admiring the
text: civilized monuments to man's search for culture.
text: CAMERA pans to ugly street across the way revealing
text: Klute approaching and entering a dingy warehouse
text: topped by an absurdly placed copy of the Statue of
text: Liberty. This is the municipal storehouse.
scene_heading: INT. MUNICIPAL STOREHOUSE - DAY
text: The abrupt cut from the bright sunlight leaves us
text: in almost total darkness as we follow KLUTE. We are
dialog: in a huge storeroom. As we grow accustomed to the
text: darkness we see bits and pieces of incongruous
text: objects scattered along Klute's path - old pieces
dialog: of furniture, lamps, piggy banks, etc. - the
text: remnants of the lives of the plundered, the
text: destroyed and the dispossessed. Some is stolen
dialog: property, some evidence for homicide cases, and
text: some the unclaimed possessions of the unclaimed
dialog: dead.
text: A CUSTODIAN -- an ancient retainer sort, a civil
text: servant, leads KLUTE into an old elevator cage.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Klute and Custodian as elevator ascends; looking up
text: the elevator shaft through the open cage we see a
text: series of doors hanging over space seeming to lead
text: nowhere. The whole sequence has the feeling of a
text: dream of being lost in a black limbo.
text: Klute and Custodian leave elevator on higher floor
text: and walk down the long very low corridor past rows
text: of locked vault doors. The Custodian stops at one
text: and opens it. We are in a small dungeon-like room
text: filled with banks of files from floor to ceiling.
dialog: The Custodian counts to himself --
speaker_heading: CUSTODIAN
dialog: Four -- five -- what number'd I
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Four ninety-seven, Jane McKenna
text: Custodian finds it, unlocks for Klute's inspection.
text: Reaches for paper Klute's holding.
speaker_heading: CUSTODIAN
dialog: -- And I keep the authorization,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I thought there'd be more.
text: Klute pokes through a small collection of personal
dialog: effects -- perhaps an ankle bracelet, rabbits foot,
text: faded snapshot of a child, some letters, pitiful
text: remnants of Jane McKenna's life. Klute closes the
text: drawer, and the front of the drawer is marked
scene_heading: McKENNA, JANE?
text: Over the visual material of Klute's trip through
text: the warehouse we hear WILD TRACK VOICE OVER bits
text: and pieces of BREE talking with the psychiatrist.
speaker_heading: BREE (V.O.)
dialog: All right. Loneliness.
dialog: (space)
dialog: Well -- separated. From other
dialog: people. Forgotten.
dialog: (space)
dialog: Well, as if I can be here, I can go
dialog: through the motions, right? But the
dialog: truth is, I don't belong.
speaker_heading: SPANGLER (V.O.)
dialog: (prompts mildly)
dialog: Don't belong?
speaker_heading: BREE (V.O.)
dialog: (snappishly)
dialog: Do you always have to repeat?
speaker_heading: SPANGLER (V.O.)
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (then)
speaker_heading: BREE (V.O.)
dialog: Well it's more than loneliness.
dialog: Hate. People hating me -- and
dialog: watching me and following and
dialog: waiting to hurt me -- you know? I'm
dialog: all screwed up.
speaker_heading: SPANGLER (V.O.)
dialog: You think people hate you.
speaker_heading: BREE (V.O.)
dialog: The truth is I hate them: they must
dialog: hate me. All right, the money.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: All right, not the money. A kind of
dialog: put-on.
text: It gets things back together.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Well let's say I'd go to one of
dialog: these cattle-calls, a tryout. I
dialog: mean before -- before I got this
dialog: job -- and they'd always say thank
dialog: you very much and i'd feel, you
dialog: know, brought down. They didn't
dialog: want me.
speaker_heading: SPANGLER (V.O.)
dialog: Didn't want you.
speaker_heading: BREE (V.O.)
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: I said that.
dialog: (resumes)
dialog: Well, so you have a choice. You can
dialog: either feel lonely -- you know, the
dialog: hate -- or --
dialog: (then more rapidly,
dialog: plunging)
dialog: So you take a call and go to a
dialog: hotel room and there's some John
dialog: you've never seen before, but he
dialog: wants you. He must, he's paying for
dialog: it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And usually they're nervous and
dialog: that's all right, too, because
dialog: you're not; you know this thing.
dialog: And then for a while, boy, they
dialog: really pay attention, you're all
dialog: there is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And it's not real and you don't
dialog: have to even like them -- you can
dialog: even hate them, it's all right, it
dialog: safe -- you know?
scene_heading: INT. PROJECTION ROOM - MISSING PERSONS BUREAU
text: On the left a portion of the original obscene
text: letter. On the right a series of comparison
dialog: documents -- beginning with a portion of a personal
text: letter. We hear TRASK'S, KLUTE'S VOICES OVER, and
dialog: occasionally cut to them as --
speaker_heading: TRASK'S VOICE
dialog: (skipping, summarizing)
dialog: All right, there's Tom Grunemann,
dialog: you're right, different margins,
dialog: different spacing absolutely,
dialog: sloppy, right.
speaker_heading: KLUTE'S VOICE
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: TRASK'S VOICE
dialog: All right, try this next guy.
text: The right-hand document is switched.
speaker_heading: KLUTE, TRASK
text: Klute reacts.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Think this is our guy?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
text: I don't know. It looks familiar to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Thought it might. It's off an
dialog: arrest report you typed two years
dialog: ago. Man you wanted samples of
dialog: everybody.
text: Then -- with subdued satisfaction, switching the
text: projector again.
speaker_heading: TRASK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now the next cat. Mm?
speaker_heading: SCREEN; DOCUMENTS
speaker_heading: TRASK'S VOICE
dialog: Same margins top and sides. He does
dialog: best with his middle fingers; you
dialog: get fainter registration from
dialog: outside keys like Q, A, L, P and
dialog: like that. Next thing look around
dialog: apostrophes, how he hits the space
dialog: bar before --
scene_heading: KLUTE &amp; TRASK - STARING AT PROJECTIONS
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: But what reason could he have? What
dialog: possible reason?
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Unless he was involved with
text: Grunemann's disappearance.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I knew Tom never wrote that letter.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: What else do you know?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I never could believe that Tom was
dialog: a split personality. I never
dialog: believed he was a Dumper; and I
dialog: don't believe he disappeared of his
dialog: own volition; and I don't believe
text: he's alive.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: We have some very tentative
dialog: circumstantial evidence of freeky
dialog: behavior, but there's no evidence
dialog: of murder - there's not even a
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I don't believe Tom's alive.
text: As Klute talks he paces back and forth in the
text: darkness. He crosses in front of the lighted
text: screen; the letters projected on the screen ripple
text: over his face.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: But why? Why?
scene_heading: INT. MISSING PERSONS BUREAU
text: Klute and Trask are seen entering from the
text: Projection Room. In the background we see an old
text: black woman sitting in front of the picture file of
text: unidentified dead, carefully studying each picture.
text: In the foreground Klute sits down at a phone and
text: dials.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Cable's office, please.
text: CAMERA goes in close on Klute.
speaker_heading: CABLE'S VOICE
dialog: (through telephone)
dialog: John, how are you?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I'll be sending you on a report
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: CABLE'S VOICE
dialog: It's a beautiful day in Tuscarora -
dialog: I don't envy you that humidity in
dialog: the city.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It's not so bad.
text: There is a silence. Both Klute and Cable seem to be
text: waiting for one or the other to make the next move.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like to know what's in
dialog: it? The report.
speaker_heading: CABLE'S VOICE
dialog: (obligingly)
dialog: What's in it?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I think Tom Grunemann's dead. I've
dialog: been a lot of places - I've asked a
dialog: lot of people. I've found no proof
dialog: he's around. I've found no proof he
dialog: was ever around.
speaker_heading: CABLE VOICE
dialog: How do you go from that to the idea
dialog: Tom's dead? Suicide you're
dialog: suggesting? He killed himself?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (plodding, unemphatic)
dialog: He could've been murdered.
speaker_heading: CABLE'S VOICE
dialog: I'm sure the FBI and the Police
dialog: explored that possibility.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No. They never did, really. But
dialog: that's what I'm going to recommend.
dialog: The next step. Unless something --
speaker_heading: CABLE'S VOICE
dialog: Have you discussed this with them?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It's in the report.
speaker_heading: CABLE'S VOICE
dialog: Do they have the report? Have you
dialog: discussed it with them?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I wanted to give it to you first.
speaker_heading: CABLE'S VOICE
dialog: All right. All right --
dialog: (then)
dialog: John, just sit tight will you? I'll
dialog: read your report, I'll discuss it
dialog: with the others. I'll be back next
dialog: Thursday, we'll talk the whole
dialog: thing over then. Nothing til
dialog: Thursday, all right?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: CABLE'S VOICE
dialog: Thank you. Goodbye, John.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Goodbye, Pete.
text: Klute hangs up.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: He was always at their house on
dialog: holidays. Tom and Holly always had
dialog: him, over on holidays. Tom felt
dialog: sorry for him - his whole life was
dialog: work. Tom felt sorry for him.
text: The old black lady motions to Trask who crosses to
text: her. She points to a picture in the file. She has
dialog: obviously found her missing person among the
text: photographs of the unidentified dead. She starts to
text: stand but then sits again, obviously shaken.
text: Klute crosses to her and gently helps her out of
text: the chair. He sees in her face the same sense of
text: loss he feels for his friend.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR MARKETS - EIGHT AVENUE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: KLUTE &amp; BREE
text: Bree examining and feeling fruit in some imitation
text: of a very shrewd and experienced housewife shopper.
text: She is obviously enjoying her sense of domesticity,
text: and Klute is amused by her enjoyment.
scene_heading: OUTDOOR NURSERY - EIGHT AVENUE - NEXT TO MARKET
text: The nursery is an absurdly cheerful spot of
text: greenery in the midst of the dirty chaos of the
dialog: avenue.
text: Klute and Bree wander through the plants.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I saw Mr. Faber.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You remember Mr. Faber, don't you?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (controlledly)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Is that all you have to say?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: What am I supposed to say?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Well, I told him I wouldn't - uh -
dialog: go there any more.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I know it's tough to understand,
dialog: but it wasn't easy. You see, he was
dialog: nice to me. I mean, it wasn't just
dialog: him. I got something out of it too
dialog: I guess. Anyway, I told him I
dialog: wouldn't go there anymore.
text: She is like a child awaiting praise from her
text: teacher. Klute says nothing. They continue walking
text: among the plants and he picks up a few that she had
dialog: admired.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Well, here's your gold star.
dialog: Considering his contempt for all the dead plant
text: life he has seen in her apartment in the past, she
text: is pleased by this act of belief in her.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Spangler says we have a
dialog: relationship.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You and I -- a relationship.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I was wondering what that was.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hell there's nothing so mysterious
dialog: about the square life.
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE ENTRYWAY - NIGHT
text: Bree, Klute approach unhurriedly along the
text: sidewalk. She is holding his arm, HUMS to herself,
dialog: enjoys the evening.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWALL - NIGHT
dialog: We follow them up.
scene_heading: INT. ANGLE INTO BREE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The apartment is a shambles -- furniture
text: overturned, decorations ripped from the wall,
text: bedding scattered and ripped.
scene_heading: INT. BREE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Klute jettisons the grocery bags, thrusts himself
text: inside, looks quickly about, finds no one. Bree
text: follows more slowly, whispering:
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Don't touch anything.
text: He moves quickly to the rear of the apartment,
text: looks at the rear window which has been broken
text: inward in a litter of glass -- then returns to the
text: table at the front of the apartment; his folders.
text: Bree cracks wise, unsteadily.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You suppose he's a married fella?
scene_heading: ANGLE TO TABLE; FOLDERS
text: The contents of the folders have been spilled
text: across the table and -- we ZOOM IN -- the
text: photographs of Tom Grunemann sorted out and ripped
text: apart, Even the COMPANY PICNIC photograph has been
text: painstakingly torn, specifically to destroy the
text: image of Grunemann in the front row.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
text: He stands, looking down, taking no notice as --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: He got in my clothing!
text: Then a moment later, she cries out again, more
dialog: sharply:
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh. Oh.
text: He turns quickly. She is holding out, at arms
text: length, a pair of her underpants. With a disgust so
text: extreme she can only laugh.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh look what he did in them.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Drop it.
text: She doesn't respond. He seizes her arm, shakes the
text: garment back onto the floor. She starts to gag,
text: slaps her hand over her mouth, starts for the
text: bathroom. Klute yanks her back.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay out of there.
text: She twists free of his hands, backs away. The same
dialog: elementary terror we've seen before.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen to me: It's all right. I've
dialog: been expecting something.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (full out, vengefully)
dialog: My God, I thought it was over. And
dialog: here I am, daddy, right back at the
dialog: start.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Bree --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Right back at the start, right?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Go down in my room.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You said it was over, right? You
dialog: said not to worry any more, all
dialog: over, right?
text: She's broken for the door; it's questionable that
text: she's even heard him. He hasn't time to pursue --
dialog: shouts again --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Go down in my room and wait.
text: Then he turns back into the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: A DOWNSHOT TO UNDERPANTS (as if from Klute's POV,
text: connecting directly to the previous shot) -- then a
text: FLASHBULB goes off and a hand and pair of tongs
text: enter frame and flip the garment into a collecting
text: box and we widen to reveal that it's now daylight
text: and the scene has been invaded by POLICE
text: TECHNICIANS. One is a photographer; another, a
text: fingerprint man, is spraying surfaces with a can of
text: fixative. In the foreground Klute and Trask are
text: talking with Ross, the FBI man. Ross is looking
text: through a dossier on Cable that Klute has compiled.
text: Over the following conversation we show CLOSEUPS of
text: material in the dossier. It contains photographs of
dialog: Cable and his life from childhood to the present -
text: including pictures of him with his mother and
dialog: father - she a very dominant looking lady and he a
dialog: very passive looking man;
dialog: also graduation pictures and pictures with his
dialog: former wife taken when he was still a very young
text: man. They are the personal images of a life time.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (to Klute)
dialog: But if Cable killed Grunemann why
dialog: would he get you hired to look for
dialog: Grunemann?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Because he knew I couldn't leave
dialog: the case alone. And this way at
dialog: least he'd keep track of it. And
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What about Grunemann's letters to
dialog: the girl, everything like that?
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Cable's letters, Cable's phone
dialog: calls. Cable's everything else.
dialog: He's been a Dumper a long time. He
dialog: just passed off his own peculiar
dialog: habits on the other man -- it kept
dialog: things goin'.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: OK, pretend I believe you. Tell me
dialog: how you get an indictment.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Can't. Yet. Oh we got everythin'
dialog: else: first rate evidence Cable
dialog: typed those dumper letters to Bree
dialog: Daniel. And Jane McKenna: Klute
dialog: found a couple in her personal
dialog: remains. We got dates of Cable's
dialog: trips here coincidin' with phone
dialog: calls to Bree Daniel, also the
dialog: dates of death of McKenna and Page.
dialog: We got some hints of his personal
dialog: history. His father, unsuccessful
dialog: salesman, committed suicide when he
dialog: was 13. His mother pinned all her
text: hopes on her son. He won a national
dialog: science youth award at the age of
dialog: eight. They had no money, but she
dialog: hired special tutors for him in the
dialog: summer time. She saw a good thing.
dialog: He graduated from high school at 14
dialog: -- college at 16 -- no friends --
dialog: The kids in his class thought of
dialog: him as a freak. He got his Ph.D. at
dialog: 18 -- married at age 21 to his then
dialog: employer's daughter. The marriage
dialog: lasted 4 weeks. Her father had it
text: annulled. She says he was impotent.
dialog: World War II he got in bad trouble
dialog: about a German girl, no details. We
dialog: think we know why he killed
dialog: Grunemann -- he found out Cable was
dialog: a dumper; Cable couldn't take that.
dialog: We think we know why he killed
dialog: McKenna -- she wanted to blackmail
dialog: him for it. All fine. But we got no
dialog: body, no direct witnesses, we can't
dialog: go any-damn-where.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: That's the reason i told him we had
dialog: no evidence Tom was still alive. We
dialog: wanted to shake him into another
dialog: phone call or another letter. It
dialog: didn't work out just that way.
text: The Technicians, meanwhile have packed to depart.
text: The first Technician scoops the torn up photographs
text: into another collecting box. Trask retrieves the
text: company outing photograph.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Gov, want to leave me that one. How
dialog: come he got to play with this one,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I left them here. I was doing some
dialog: work here.
text: Trask eyes Klute for a moment, as if a querying his
text: relationship with Bree. Klute is clearly
text: unresponsive. Trask resumes.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: It's damn lucky you didn't have the
dialog: dossier on Cable here.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Nobody's seen that.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: If we get anything from the lab,
dialog: we'll have it by noon. And just
dialog: think -- all he really had to do
dialog: was write us a letter.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Sounds to me you better shake him
dialog: again. Put him in a spot he has to
dialog: do something more -- but this time
dialog: give him a time and a place to do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: He called this morning from
dialog: Tuscarora. Asked me to meet him at
text: 3:00 at the downtown heliport. He's
text: on his way to Chicago.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: He sure chalks up a lot of flight
dialog: time.
text: Klute starts gathering his papers we CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL: BREE - DAY
text: Bree coming up the stairs meets the Technicians
text: coming down -- stands aside to let them pass --
text: starts up again and comes face to face with Klute.
dialog: On her part we see a wish to be reconciled -- a
text: shyness mixed with defiance -- but Klute's manner
text: is arduous. She smiles nervously, asks --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Ah, Schmendrick -- what's the scam?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Those were police laboratory
dialog: people, they've been over the
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (mock delight)
dialog: Oh zippidy-doo, they'll find my
dialog: fingerprints.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Can I go in? I need some stuff.
text: He nods; she starts by. Then --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Where'd you spend last night?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: With Trina.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I called Trina.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Maybe I wasn't there when you
dialog: called.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Bree, what's actually happened? It
dialog: wasn't that bad.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (cuts in harshly)
dialog: How do you know how bad it was?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Why couldn't you stay here with me?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Because I didn't want to be
dialog: touched! I didn't think you'd get
dialog: that!
dialog: Pause. Then, evenly --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Trask wants to talk with you.
text: She starts on, then turns back toward him -- rather
dialog: pleadingly --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Hey -- look officer -- I can
dialog: explain everything. It was just --
dialog: you know, everything all of a --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Trask wants to talk with you.
text: She continues on up; Klute continues down.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Entering without greeting Trask (his manner is not
text: uncivil but simply neutral, unreacting, Cop-like)
text: she quickly gathers up a few properties, a change
dialog: of shoes.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Miss Daniel, be sensible, you find
dialog: another place till we get things
dialog: cleaned up.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Oh well that shouldn't take you
dialog: more than another, oh, two and a
dialog: half or three years, should it?
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: A few more days. We know who did
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: So do I.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: No, not Grunemann. He's dead. The
dialog: man that killed him -- also prob'ly
dialog: Jane McKenna, also Arlyn Page.
text: She spins around -- mute -- terrified.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (manages)
text: Arlyn and Jane commited suicide. He
dialog: said they commited suicide.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Now there's a picture I'd like you
dialog: to --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You said someone killed them, you
dialog: said you know who, you said that.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Well we're pretty --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Why isn't he locked up?
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: We don't want to just lock him up;
dialog: we want a conviction, we wanted him
dialog: to do something more.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Is that why Klute didn't tell me?
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: I guess he figured it was better.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What was better? I made better
dialog: bait?
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: No, that's not --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Is that what he set me up for?
dialog: Everything he's told me from the
dialog: beginning? -- don't worry, don't --
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: From the beginning I don't know why
dialog: the hell he's messin with you. If
dialog: he was me he'd know better. If he
dialog: was even a city boy he'd know
dialog: better. You're a whore Miss Daniel,
dialog: that's the truth of it, right? Now
dialog: somethin I'd like you to look at.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I don't have to look at anything. I
dialog: don't have --
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Here please.
text: He coerces her to the table and unrolls the Company
text: outing picture. (We see the rip extending up
text: through the image of Tom Grunemann in the front
dialog: row.)
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: Like for you to look for the man.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Grunemann? I've looked at him a --
text: Trask has clamped his thumb over the torn image of
dialog: Grunemann, indicates with the other hand --
speaker_heading: TRASK
dialog: No. Not Grunemann. The Dumper. Just
dialog: look around -- I said look for the
dialog: Dumper.
text: We see her comply -- her eyes moving over the rows
text: of faces. Then we see her stiffen, hear her gasp --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh! --
dialog: -- and WE CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN HELIPORT - DAY
text: Cable welcomes Klute. His outer manner is warm,
dialog: voluble, congratulatory --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Sorry we had to meet here. But I'm
dialog: pressed for time.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Well there's a couple --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: I read your report. I had to go
dialog: along with it -- the idea of this
text: being a wild goose chase, Tom being
dialog: nowhere around --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Well as a matter of --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: I've been up country, you know my
dialog: summer place, my camp. I don't even
dialog: have a telephone there. This
dialog: morning they sent a messenger out,
dialog: that you'd been trying to call me.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: I'm on my way to Chicago. Very
dialog: important meeting tonight. Well --
dialog: any new developments?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Yeah, two things Pete, that --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You said Trask was arranging
text: laboratory work. Police laboratory.
dialog: Anything from that?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Yeah. It wasn't Tom.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't understand.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: It wasn't Tom that broke in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: It has to be Tom. You said he
dialog: ripped up his own pictures, he --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Not Tom. Whoever it was left a kind
dialog: of souvenir, I told you, in her
dialog: clothing. Semen. The laboratory got
text: a blood group reading from that.
dialog: The man was blood type 0; Tom was
dialog: an AB.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Some mistake perhaps that --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No. No mistake Pete. It doesn't
dialog: prove who it was -- but proves it
dialog: wasn't Tom.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You must be discouraged.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (prosaically)
dialog: Not too bad. This brings back that
text: Dumper in the picture.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: That who?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Dumper, the man Bree Daniel
dialog: mentioned and Arlyn Page knew and
dialog: Jane McKenna knew.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You said he was no possible
dialog: connection with Tom. The Page girl
dialog: told you that, not Tom.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Someone's been doing all these
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You were hired to look for Tom, not
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Pete, I've got a chance to buy Jane
dialog: McKenna's black book.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Call-girls generally keep a book,
dialog: you know, a list of their clients.
dialog: Sometimes, if a girl retires,
dialog: she'll even sell it worth good
dialog: money. Jane McKenna had a black
dialog: book; when she died it was stolen.
dialog: I've been after it a long time.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You were hired to look for Tom.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I'm meeting a man tomorrow night.
dialog: He wants to meet me on East-River
dialog: Drive -- he wants five hundred
dialog: dollars for the book. Can you get
dialog: that for me Pete?
dialog: Sometime -- right along about now -- it privately
text: comes to Cable that Klute may know everything and
text: that he, Cable, may be being trapped.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: I can't follow you.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Will the Company put up five
dialog: hundred dollars to get Jane
dialog: McKenna's list of clients?
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: No. It's ridiculous. This has
dialog: nothing to do with Tom Grunemann.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (shrugs, stolidly)
dialog: It probably has the Dumper's name.
dialog: It might give us some kind of new
dialog: lead.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want a look at it anyhow.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Klute, the Company's interest is
dialog: Tom Grunemann. Solely and
dialog: exclusively. You say you can't find
dialog: Tom; all right, I'll see that
dialog: you're paid off; the case is
dialog: closed.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: All right, but I'm going to see
dialog: that list.
text: HELICOPTER FLIGHT is announced over loud speaker
text: and Cable and Klute walk onto field.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER FIELD
text: People are boarding helicopter.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Why would they deal with you? You
dialog: don't know these people.
text: Klute is momentarily at a loss -- not a question
dialog: he'd prepared for -- improvises.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No, but Bree does. She's
dialog: negotiating for me. Bree Daniel.
text: Cable takes an instant to compute the thing. Then --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: I can talk it over; possibly I can
dialog: get the money. When are you meeting
dialog: the man?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
text: Tomorrow evening, nine. East River
text: Drive and 73rd Street.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Suppose I meet you there a half
dialog: hour before.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Just send me a money order.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: No, I'd -- like to be in on it.
text: ATTENDANT comes over to motion Cable onto the
dialog: helicopter.
text: Klute smiles awkwardly, raises his hand in a
dialog: goodbye gesture.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Well --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Tomorrow. See you tomorrow night.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER
text: Cable sits down next to window. The helicopter
text: begins to rise. CAMERA goes into a medium close
text: shot of Cable against the helicopter window. The
text: helicopter ascends in front of a very tall office
text: building made up of endless glass squares. A
text: telephoto lens brings the glass squares of the
text: building directly against Cable's head and
dialog: shoulders giving us the feeling that Cable is
text: almost levitating by himself. As one floor after
text: another disappears behind him we see an almost
text: manic exhultation in Cable's face; as if he is on
text: top of things once more.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE BROWNSTONE - DAY
text: We bring Klute along street, and into the
dialog: Brownstone.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - DAY
text: Klute climbs the stairs to Bree's apartment --
text: knocks. He waits. No answer. He calls once --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Bree?
text: No answer. He starts downstairs again -- then turns
text: back, unlocks the door himself, enters.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The room is still disordered. Bree and Frank
text: Ligourin look at him, silently. Bree has been
text: assembling armfuls of dresses to carry away with
text: her. Frank sits nearby in a chair. Klute smiles a
text: little -- almost apologetically.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I'm always getting surprises.
text: Bree doesn't answer. She sets the armload of
text: dresses over the back of a chair, moves aside to
text: get others. Frank smiles cautiously, ruefully. Then
dialog: --
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't want you to do this.
text: He still doesn't extract an answer. She returns
text: with other dresses.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please. I said I don't want you to
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (tight, small)
dialog: Trask said I should move. Let's not
dialog: make a thing of it.
text: He continues to look at her; she continues to
text: gather possessions. Then trying to smile, to deal
dialog: with it casually --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, too much is going on here.
dialog: I'm moving in with another girl,
dialog: that's all. Just for a while.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (helpfully)
dialog: That's right. This other girl's got
dialog: a very big apartment, big, plenty
dialog: of room.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Look, it's not necessarily how it
dialog: looks, right? It's --
text: He thinks better of continuing. Klute looks from
text: him back to Bree. He speaks gravely, spacing his
text: words -- unable to speak any faster.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No. Please. Not with this son of a
dialog: bitch.
text: Frank rises, both nervous and offended -- but
text: dealing with Klute as between civilized men.
text: Smiling.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Klute, let's handle it like
dialog: grownups? I mean we're all grown up
dialog: now, right?
dialog: (ventures forward)
dialog: -- we all respect each other, you
dialog: know what I mean? -- I respect you,
dialog: Bree respects you -- you could say,
dialog: it just didn't work out between you
dialog: and she. But you got to respect her
dialog: too -- you know, her best
dialog: interests, best for her --
text: Klute hits him, pursues, recovers, and starts to
text: beat him. BLOOD thickly descends the side of
text: Frank's face, as he struggles away. Bree is
text: screaming. Bree grabs at him from behind. He
text: thrusts her off. But it allows Frank to break away
text: through the still-open door. Klute pursues.
scene_heading: INT. LANDING AT DOOR - DAY
text: Frank clatters down a stairs as Klute arrives in
text: the doorframe, and as Bree, behind Klute, screams --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: No!
text: Klute is restrained -- restrains himself. Frank has
text: faced around on the stairs, still bleeding
text: extravagantly from his torn scalp. Earnestly --
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey, I'm gonna get you dropped.
text: Klute start's out after him -- Frank vaults away
text: down the stairs -- we hear him stumbling and
text: running -- Klute faces sharply around into the
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: PAST KLUTE TO BREE. She is running away from him
text: again, to a corner of the apartment, fumbling at a
text: sewing basket. He starts in, after her.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (indistinctly)
dialog: Please --
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: She swings about as he overtakes her, holding a
text: pair of scissors -- simply and transcendently
text: terrified. She strikes at him, slashing his
text: forearm. He and she stand in absolute silence. He
text: looks down at the stain of blood spreading through
text: the fabric of his jacket sleeve. Then he turns out
text: of the room and down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. BREE'S BROWNSTONE - DAY
text: Klute comes out of door -- goes down steps to his
text: own apartment. A passerby stops him for directions
text: and doesn't seem to notice the blood on his sleeve.
text: Klute goes into his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT: BREE - DAY
text: Bree is in the middle of dialing the phone. Her
text: hands are shaking; she misdials -- holds down the
text: receiver for a moment then starts again.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: KLUTE - DAY
text: Klute stands in silence for a moment or two -- then
text: takes rather more note of his forearm. (Not
text: urgently but practically; it behooves him to stop
text: bleeding.) He turns toward the bathroom, pulling
text: his jacket off with the other hand.
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT: BREE - DAY
text: Bree speaks to the phone, trying to make a simple
text: point, trying to keep her voice even.
speaker_heading: BREE
text: -- until he gets back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes I heard you, I understand that.
dialog: I said I'm going to come over, I'll
text: wait until he gets back.
text: She hangs up before the other party can object in
text: detail -- takes up her purse and goes out, not even
text: closing the door behind her.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: BATHROOM: KLUTE - DAY
text: Klute has knotted a hand-towel around his forearm,
text: now uses teeth and fingers to pull the ends tight.
text: Then -- intending to clean up -- he takes up a
text: washcloth, reaches for the faucet --
scene_heading: EXT. BREE'S BROWNSTONE - DAY
text: Bree comes out of door - goes down steps -
text: hesitates in front of Klute's apartment struggling
text: with the question of whether to knock. CAMERA pulls
text: back to reveal we are watching her through the
text: windshield of a car in the parking lot across the
text: street. CAMERA pulls back further to reveal the
text: back of Cable's head as he sits in the car watching
text: her. Bree starts to knock on Klute's door but stops
text: herself and walks down the street. Cable's head
text: moves out of the shot. We hear the sound of the car
text: door opening and closing. Through the windshield we
text: see Cable cross in front of the car and start to
text: follow Bree down the street.
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: BATHRO0M: KLUTE - DAY
text: Klute finishes mopping up. SOUND OF TELEPHONE. He
text: turns back out of the bathroom and answers it.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (listens, then soberly - )
dialog: Trask, I don't get that.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET: BREE - DAY
text: Bree is about a quarter block away from the
text: Brownstone now, hurrying. She waves in the
text: direction of a cab, misses it, continues on. We CUT
dialog: TO --
scene_heading: EXT. STREET: CABLE - DAY
text: Cable stands looking after her, hesitates over
text: choice of action, decides to follow.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET: FIGURES: PAST BREE TO CABLE - DAY
dialog: We establish the distance between them -- Cable 100
text: or so feet behind her, unnoticed by her,
dialog: maintaining about the same pace, not -- at this
text: point -- trying to overtake (perhaps waiting for
dialog: less populated surroundings) We CUT BACK TO --
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: KLUTE - DAY
text: Klute continues his phone conversation, short
dialog: spoken.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Who told you, his secretary?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Has someone checked his hotel? He
dialog: always stays at the --
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'll look around, I'll call you
dialog: back.
text: He hangs up. First he checks out the windows (but -
dialog: if we want to be accurate - from mid room, without
text: directly approaching the windows themselves). Then
text: he secures a pistol from his jacket (and folds the
text: jacket itself over his arm to conceal it, as a
text: matter of public decorum), and goes on out.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL: KLUTE - DAY
text: Klute's manner, over the next few minutes, exhibits
text: an absolute, untheatrical, care and competence. A
dialog: man -- Cable -- may in fact be hiding here
text: somewhere to kill him. He sets about checking the
dialog: likely places -- first of all the lower hallway,
text: then the stairwell itself, moving steadily
text: unalarmedly up.
text: At the top he notes -- but still without main
text: concern that Bree's door is open. He calls ahead --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Bree --
scene_heading: INT. BREE'S APARTMENT: KLUTE - DAY
text: He enters, puzzles, starts checking around (quite
dialog: thoroughly; she might be hiding from him). We CUT
speaker_heading: BACK TO --
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS: BREE; FIGURE OF CABLE - DAY
text: Bree moves past CONSTRUCTION WORK, through one of
text: those temporary pedestrian passageways. Behind her,
text: nearer than before we see the FIGURE OF CABLE.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - DAY
text: Klute comes quickly back downstairs, back into his
text: room, takes up the phone. Through the still-open
text: door we watch him begin dialing -- then CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. SPANGLER'S (OUTER) OFFICE - DAY
text: Bree sits isolated on the waiting-room couch. She
dialog: may have been here for fifteen minutes -- or an
text: hour. She turns the pages of a magazine -- one
text: handed, without even lifting it from the coffee
text: table, with an absolute lack of interest, a
text: mechanical gesture.
text: We hear FOOTSTEPS approaching directly toward where
text: we are watching Bree sit.
speaker_heading: LELA (O.S.)
dialog: Mrs. Daniel --
scene_heading: WIDER - TWO SHOT
text: Bree looks up in a kind of frozen terror, as the
text: Secretary smiles nicely -- lovingly down at her.
speaker_heading: LELA
dialog: -- I have to close up now. Leave
dialog: your name and number with his
dialog: message service, Mrs. Daniel, and
dialog: why don't you just go home and wait
dialog: until he --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LELA
dialog: Well I have to close up now.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Look -- could I use your phone?
speaker_heading: LELA
dialog: Yes indeed.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Look. I almost killed my -- I
dialog: almost killed someone.
speaker_heading: LELA
dialog: (the same tone,
dialog: completely)
dialog: Well I'm certain Doctor Spangler
dialog: will want to talk with you; excuse
dialog: me.
text: Bree moves to the desk and telephone. But we move
text: with the Secretary as she moves into Spangler's
text: inner office and switches out the lights
dialog: (establishing TIME CHANGE: dusk now) and as we
text: hear, O.S., the sound of DIALING and BREE'S VOICE --
speaker_heading: BREE (O.S.)
dialog: Is Mr. Faber there?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mr. Faber Senior.
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT BUILDING: FABER'S OFFICE: FABER - DAY
speaker_heading: (NIGHT)
text: Mr. Faber's phone buzzes; he picks it up.
speaker_heading: FABER
dialog: Yes?
dialog: (then, glancing about)
dialog: Bree?
scene_heading: INT. SPANGLER (OUTER) OFFICE: BREE ON PHONE - DAY
speaker_heading: (NIGHT)
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: -- I'm -- I just have to talk to
dialog: someone. I'm just a little way
dialog: across town --
speaker_heading: FABER, ON PHONE (OFFICE)
speaker_heading: FABER
dialog: Yes - yes dear, yes -- maybe half
dialog: an hour, sure, yes.
text: He hangs up. An ancient stirring, a kind of
text: triumph. He glances about, then tightens his tie.
text: Then it comes to him, after all -- he takes note of
text: himself -- he leans forward against his desk and
text: rubs his forehead with old bony fingers. We CUT TO
dialog: -
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT - DAY (NIGHT)
text: KLUTE on phone.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Trina, will you call me if you hear
dialog: from, her? Will you check other
dialog: people she might call? Yeah, if it
dialog: wasn't trouble I wouldn't ask vou.
text: He hangs up, immediately starts to dial again, then
text: pauses to check a list he's laid out by the
text: telephone. While he's doing this, his PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Nothing yet, Trask; I'm going down
dialog: the list. I've tried Spangler's
dialog: office and Spangler's home; I just
dialog: get his message service. I'll keep--
dialog: (interrupted -- listens --
dialog: then -- grimly)
dialog: I may have steered Cable that way.
dialog: I told him Bree was dealing for me,
dialog: for Jane McKenna's book. Have you
dialog: found any --
text: He is interrupted again -- Trask wasting no words
text: on his end of things -- nods once --
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah.
text: -- and depresses the receiver just long enough to
text: clear the connection, and starts dialing again --
dialog: We CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY OF GARMENT BUILDING - DAY (NIGHT)
text: Quitting time. As Bree enters from street level,
text: employees are coming down the stairs, pushing past
text: her. She continues up on until at one point -- one
text: more officious or more communicative than the
dialog: others informs her --
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Lady, it's closing up there.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: We're closing up, quitting time,
dialog: Fabers.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (unsurely)
dialog: I have an appointment with Mr.
dialog: Faber.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Oh, yeah.
text: He lets her pass, glances after her like the
text: others, continues on his way.
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT BUILDING: FABER RECEPTION AREA - DAY
speaker_heading: (NIGHT)
text: Bree arrives at the head of the stairs -- as still
text: others press past her on their way down -- and
text: comes more or less directly up against the thickset
text: RECEPTIONIST. She is packing her purse, preparing
text: to depart, looks somewhat challengingly at Bree --
text: who sees no way to avoid the issue.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I have an appointment with Mr.
dialog: Faber.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: In there.
dialog: (turns, bawls)
dialog: Mr. Faber --
text: Bree goes on nervously in the direction indicated,
dialog: toward --
scene_heading: A CORNER OF OFFICES: NATHAN FABER
text: NATHAN stands bending over a bench with back to
text: camera, conferring with another man as Bree
text: approaches -- looking to us, as to her, exactly
text: like his father. We hear the Receptionist's VOICE
dialog: repeating --
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (CONT'D) (O.S.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Faber --
text: As Bree nears him, he straightens and turns -- a
text: much younger man. Bree stops short, recognizing the
dialog: error.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I'm sorry -- Mr. Faber Senior.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: My father went home about fifteen
dialog: minutes ago; he wasn't feeling too
dialog: good.
text: She has already started away. He calls after her
dialog: evenly --
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I help you?
text: She looks back quickly, smiles nervously --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: It wasn't important.
text: But we hold on him for a moment as she continues
text: out of scene -- until he turns away to other
dialog: matters. Then --
scene_heading: RECEPTION AREA: RECEPTIONIST, BREE
text: Bree returns toward Receptionist, awkwardly --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Did Mr. Faber leave a message for
dialog: me or anything? Mr. Faber Senior?
dialog: Bree Daniel.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Oh, I thought that was for
dialog: tomorrow.
text: The Receptionist riffles through a stack of
text: assorted envelopes -- hands one out to Bree -- and
text: promptly takes her way off. Out. Bree starts to
text: open the envelope then and there -- but OTHERS
text: continue to move past her. She seeks a more private
dialog: place.
scene_heading: ROWS OF GARMENTS
text: Bree shelters herself out of sight from everyone
text: else -- though we continue to hear INTERMITTENT
dialog: VOICES, O.S. and continue to maintain the sense of
dialog: other presences.
text: We see her open the envelope --
scene_heading: CLOSER: BREE, ENVELOPE
text: She finds nothing inside but money -- bills
text: totaling fifty dollars. We see her looking for a
text: message, finding nothing. It comes to her slowly
text: that she's been paid off and avoided. She bites her
text: lips in pain. She pushes back out of hiding --
scene_heading: RECEPTIONIST AREA
dialog: -- back to the reception area again. (By now this
text: immediate scene has emptied, though we catch sight
text: of a figure or two at scene-start, moving through
text: the background, and continue to hear an occasional
speaker_heading: NOISE or VOICE O.S.)
text: Bree looks about for someone -- then scouts for a
text: pencil, finds one in a desk (or bench) drawer,
text: starts to readdress the envelope (to direct it back
text: to Mr. Faber). Then she breaks off from that, takes
text: up a PHONE instead, dials -- waits -- then --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Bree Daniel. Has he called in yet?
dialog: Well if he does, I'm at --
dialog: (reads phone)
dialog: -- two seven eight, three one
dialog: hundred, and I guess I can wait
dialog: here five minutes; then I'll try
text: from somewhere else.
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Just tell him Bree Daniel; he knows
dialog: who.
text: She hangs up, goes back to readdressing the
text: envelope. FOOTSTEPS are approaching in her
text: direction. She glances up apologetically.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Faber, I just wanted to leave
dialog: this for your father, and I
dialog: wondered if you'd --
dialog: She pauses --
text: ANGLE PAST BREE TO CABLE
text: Cable hastens toward her along a lane of garments.
text: In this brief glimpse a ludicrous and terrifying
text: figure -- a noise, a gesticulation (actually the
text: gesture is arms out, palms downward, intended as a
text: quieting gesture; and the hissing noise is intended
text: as a shushing). Bree cries out, turns to run --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Someone --
text: -- as we immediately, even as she's turning, CUT TO
dialog: --
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT: KLUTE - DAY (NIGHT)
text: Klute speaks quietly but with terrible urgency into
dialog: the phone (dealing evidently with an ethically
text: skittish message service at the other end).
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Did she leave a number?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is a police call; don't make
dialog: me take time to prove it. Did she
dialog: leave a number? What is the number?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What is the number? --
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT BUILDING - DAY (NIGHT)
text: Cable and Bree. They are at some remove from the
text: site of Cable's first appearance; there are other
text: evidences of time-lapse. Cable's manner is that of
text: slightly-strained patience -- a civility -- an
text: attempt now and then to smile. Bree watches his
text: every slight gesture, quivers to make a break for
text: it, tries throughout to buy time.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Can't we talk together reasonably,
dialog: just -- ordinarily?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know you're expecting some kind
dialog: of -- extravagant behavior, but
dialog: believe me -- do you believe me? --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Yes -- all right --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: -- We can talk --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: -- Yes.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: All right, then, an ordinary
dialog: matter. I'm a quite well off man, I
dialog: have a -- position to respect. I
dialog: would feel personally uncomfortable
dialog: to be connected with a -- certain
dialog: kind of woman, I'm sure you
dialog: understand. Do you? Well I'd like
dialog: to buy Jane McKenna's book.
text: He looks at her discerningly. She seems not to have
text: followed his exposition. He tries patiently to
dialog: clarify it.
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Her black book, Jane McKenna's, her
dialog: list of -- of persons. I was told
dialog: you're negotiating for it on behalf
dialog: of --
text: The PHONE RINGS, an explosive noise. Bree startles.
text: It has been put on night-ring, to sound all over
text: the loft, and the noise is deafening. But -- the
text: most bizarre element is Cable's absolute lack of
text: response to it. It rings and rings as he talks and
text: talks -- in the same expository tone as before,
text: without raising his voice. It drowns out most of
text: his words -- at most we catch only odd phrases of
text: all the following -- but he seems not to hear it
text: any more than the clamor of other things torturing
dialog: his soul.
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: That was what Klute told me -- you
dialog: were negotiating for him to buy
dialog: that list. And I'm in a position to
dialog: pay a good deal more for it than he
dialog: can. Do you understand? I'd like
dialog: you to acquire it on my --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Miss Daniel, do you not understand?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Miss Daniel, I can't tell whether
dialog: you understand me.
dialog: (beat - still reasonably)
dialog: Is this something Klute just
dialog: invented? Is this a trap for me,
dialog: Miss Daniel; does Klute know about
dialog: me?
text: He turns and lifts a phone (one of the extension
text: phones situated around the loft) -- though up to
text: now he's given no evidence of even hearing the
text: ringing. He just stands holding the phone for a
text: time, then lowers it back on the receiver. With a
dialog: sort of absolute quiet --
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You have no idea what I'm talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Yes -- Jane McKenna's book -- I
dialog: could make a phone call.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: No, you're frightened, you're
dialog: pretending. Well -- Klute knows
dialog: about me then. Does everybody know,
dialog: can you tell me?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Then it doesn't matter what I do
dialog: any more, does it?
text: Pause. Then he shudders slightly.
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You people know nothing about pain.
dialog: We CUT TO --
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY (NIGHT)
text: We see Klute -- probably in MLS -- running along
text: street. He tries for a cab -- misses it -- halts
text: the next by expedient of cutting bodily in front of
text: it. The Driver starts to lean out to object. Klute
text: mashes him back inside, enters the cab. We CUT BACK
dialog: TO --
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT BUILDING - DAY (NIGHT)
text: MLS, the two FIGURES: CABLE, BREE. They are
text: somewhat separated -- Cable has gone to look down
text: from one of the arched windows of the loft, while
dialog: Bree remains in place. She is a prisoner, we can
dialog: suppose -- when we cut closer we'll see her eyes
text: continually shifting, her mind calculating her
dialog: chances -- but he hasn't molested her. He bears her
text: no animus at this point. His manner is rather
text: quiet, undetermined. He feels some relief that the
text: thing is, in effect, over -- and some puzzlement
dialog: about what to do (with either her or himself) now.
text: He returns toward her.
scene_heading: CLOSER: BREE, CABLE
text: Nearing her again, he gestures several times,
text: apologetically, seeking words.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: I've got no idea what I shall do.
text: He happens too close; she can't avoid shrinking.
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not going to hurt you,
dialog: absolutely, I'm not.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Will you let me go then?
text: He seems not to have heard the request. He sits for
text: a moment. An intellectual interest, a curiosity.
text: (Meanwhile, perhaps, we see her starting to slip
text: her shoes off, in hopes of running.)
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: It puzzles me so badly. I've done
dialog: terrible things but I can't
dialog: consider myself a terrible man.
dialog: I've killed three people and I'd
dialog: still want to say it was accident,
dialog: do you see?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (tries again, slowly)
dialog: If you'll let me go I could tell
dialog: them what --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: (unhearing, resumes)
dialog: Tom Grunemann discovered me -- we
dialog: were here on business together, he
dialog: discovered me with Jane McKenna.
dialog: Then I suppose it was the -- the
dialog: contempt I saw in his face and the
dialog: certainty that sooner or later he'd
dialog: use it against me. Within the
dialog: Company. I endured that as long as
dialog: I could, do you see?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I'm sorry, I'm just frightened.
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Excuse me Miss Daniel?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: I said yes, I see.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: (doubtingly)
dialog: Oh no, I don't think --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Tell me. I'll listen.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I just want you to tell me.
text: He rises, approaches her -- apparently taken in,
text: credulous, grateful, wondering --
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You're willing to listen? You want
dialog: me just to keep talking?
text: He hits her.
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what you do, isn't it; you
dialog: make a man feel accepted.
dialog: That's what you all do. Your stock
dialog: in trade a man's weakness.
text: He hits her again.
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don't you ask for mercy? My
dialog: God, what mercy has anyone given
dialog: me?
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - KLUTE ASCENDING - DAY (NIGHT)
scene_heading: EXT. GARMENT BUILDING ROOF (DIRECTLY ABOVE FABER
speaker_heading: LOFT) - DAY (NIGHT)
text: Klute has gun out - as he carefully makes his way
text: across the roof. Man in hotel window across street
text: holding drink - watches him with amused curiosity.
text: Klute spots entrance to stairway.
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT BUILDING: KLUTE - DAY (NIGHT)
text: Klute goes downstairs to back entrance of Faber
text: loft. He slips inside. He hears THE SOUNDS OF THE
text: BEATING -- a stirring of feet and indistinct impact
text: sounds, a murmur of voices (but all quite muted,
text: undramatic). He maneuvers through lanes of
text: garments, trying to gain a line of sight. He
text: understands what's going on, strains to intervene,
text: but can't disclose himself. At a point, he drops to
text: hands and knees, slides underneath the garment
text: racks, drawing closer to Cable, trying to gain
dialog: position. We intersperse his progress with further
dialog: Bree-Cable fragments, as for instance --
scene_heading: FRAGMENT: CABLE, BREE
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: You're a person of no value, you
dialog: have no value --
scene_heading: KLUTE, SHIFTING CLOSER
text: Klute works his way steadily closer -- under
text: steadily increasing pressure, as the pursuit and
text: beating continue as SOUNDS, O.S. Even close at hand
text: the noises are ambiguous -- the clatter of
text: footsteps, grunts, a slap of flesh -- rather than
text: distinct. Once or twice we hear CABLE'S VOICE
text: clearly enough to make out words --
speaker_heading: CABLE (CONT'D)
dialog: -- Is that contempt? Is it?
dialog: (then)
dialog: No, I'm the one who feels contempt.
dialog: -- and once or twice a CRY from Bree.
text: Klute tries to gain aim --
scene_heading: P.O.V. TO BREE, CABLE
text: -- but Cable is too close upon her, and they are
text: too steadily in motion.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
text: Klute moves on -- moves on -- gains position --
dialog: springs.
speaker_heading: CABLE
text: Cable catches the sound, whirls, screams --
scene_heading: P.O.V. TO KLUTE
text: Klute closes with him, knocks loose Cable's pistol
text: - contends for it again, knocks it loose again.
scene_heading: EFFECT -- under -- SIRENS.
speaker_heading: CABLE, KLUTE
text: Cable breaks loose, backs a step -- backs another
text: step -- and then, turns and runs unhesitant against
text: one of the windows, exploding it outward with him,
text: both frame and glass.
scene_heading: EXT. WIDE SHOT: BUILDINGS - DAY (NIGHT)
text: We see the body tracing its quick path down the
text: dark side of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNSHOT FROM LOFT TO STREET (KLUTE'S P.O.V.) -
speaker_heading: DAY (NIGHT)
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF BUILDING: CABLE'S BODY - DAY (NIGHT)
text: The sound of SIRENS a little LOUDER.
scene_heading: INT. GARMENT BUILDING: KLUTE, BREE - DAY (NIGHT)
text: Klute turns from looking down, moves to where Bree
text: kneels on the floor. He hunkers down.
text: In a gentle-enough VOICE, but matter-of-factly
text: withal -- as if to a child --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Come on.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Come on.
dialog: (Note: also shoot in MSL, without dialogue, with
text: SIRENS O.S. full up.) Then we CUT TO --
scene_heading: INT. KLUTE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: KLUTE is packing to leave. We follow him about as
text: he carries clothing from closet and bureau, folds
text: it into his suitcase on the table. We hear the
text: familiar FOOTSTEPS on the stairs. Bree's KNOCK. He
text: lets her in, keeps on about his business. His
text: expression is sober; hers is quite tentative.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Hi.
text: He doesn't at least expel her. She ventures in,
text: sits on the table, swings her heels, watches him
text: pack. His arm impairs him. At length --
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I got a call from Ross this
dialog: morning. Cable owned a plot of
dialog: woodland -- he'd go there on
dialog: weekends. They found Tom
text: Grunemann's body buried there.
dialog: They've notified his wife.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (pause; then sharply --)
dialog: Well it wasn't us city people that
dialog: did it -- your fine rosy-cheeked
dialog: country boy.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You're going back?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Mm.
text: Pause. She compresses her lips, slips down from the
text: table, starts smartly out of the room.
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait.
text: She returns and sits on the table again, waits. But
text: Klute doesn't seem about to say anything more --
text: goes on packing.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Well suppose I hadn't come
dialog: downstairs. Would you just have
dialog: folded up and sneaked away?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: No. I was going to come up. I
dialog: wanted to ask you to marry me.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You wanted to, or you are?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: You could at least look at me!
text: He complies, stands and looks, folding a necktie.
text: But now she finds she has to look away. Somewhat
dialog: brokenly --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look -- yes. I mean thanks, but --
dialog: don't you think we better be
dialog: realistic?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Look at me. I'm pretty and sort of
dialog: clever and very well intentioned,
dialog: and dear God I'd tear your heart
dialog: out!
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: I don't think so.
text: He resumes packing, continues through the
dialog: following.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: How can you not think so? You know
dialog: the things I can do.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: (unclearly)
dialog: They don't scare me any more.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Doesn't scare me. I think we could
dialog: handle it.
text: Thereafter he guards his silence, staunchly goes on
text: packing, as she comes at the thing from various
text: sharp angles.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Please, I'm a city person. I'm sure
dialog: it's just as good as here but I'm a
dialog: city person, that's all, I am!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Hell I know what it's like. I was
dialog: in Jersey once: the frogs go bra-a
dialog: p all night!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What'im I supposed to do? Mend your
dialog: socks and sing in the church choir?
dialog: (pause, choking) )
dialog: Do you not believe I love you? I'm
dialog: honestly, honestly just --
text: He has almost finished packing -- returns toward
text: the suitcase with the tin CLOCK and electric FAN,
text: tries to fit them in as conversation continues.
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, why should it be yes or no?
dialog: Can't we keep it going and see? I
dialog: mean we can keep in touch and visit
dialog: each other and see. People do that,
dialog: that's realistic.
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: You don't believe that either, do
dialog: you? Why can't you see my side?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: Can you use these?
text: He sets the fan beside her, hands her the LOUDLY
text: TICKING clock. She holds it in her lap, numbly.
text: He's packed -- closes various drawers, leaving in
text: good order -- snaps the suitcase shut, lifts it
text: stiffly down from the table. She remains sitting.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Can I carry something for you, to
dialog: the car?
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: Will you kiss me?
speaker_heading: KLUTE
dialog: No. I'm sore.
text: He moves to the door, pauses, half-smiles --
speaker_heading: KLUTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well --
text: She smiles back. He goes. We hear the entryway door
text: opening and closing.
text: She slips down off the table. We CUT TO --
scene_heading: EXT STREET OUTSIDE BROWNSTONE - DAY
text: Klute is, let's say, about seventy feet on his way
text: when she appears at the front door, calls after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Hey.
text: He turns around and stops. He walks slowly back to
dialog: her.
scene_heading: CLOSER: BREE, KLUTE
text: He arrives in proximity to her. Then the following
dialog: events in more or less the following order:
text: He looks at her inquiringly. She responds by
text: sitting down, plunk, on the grubby front step of
dialog: the Brownstone.
dialog: Having stood for some time -- during which she has
text: offered only twitching motions of her hands -- he
text: sets down the suitcase.
text: Having set down the suitcase, but derived no
text: answer, he reaches out one arm, and leans against
text: the building front.
text: She nearly arrives at the level of statement.
text: Fretfully, indecisively --
speaker_heading: BREE
dialog: Oh heck --
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh heck --
text: Then, as a man not to be dallied with, he picks up
text: the suitcase again. She looks at him strickenly,
text: but it doesn't precipitate her into speech.
text: He puts it down again.
dialog: And then -- then, after all, goddamit, he reaches
text: out, grabs her wrist, and simply hauls her along,
text: suitcase in one hand, Bree in the other. As she
text: yanks, shouts, struggles --
speaker_heading: BREE (CONT'D)
dialog: I haven't decided yet!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I haven't decided yet!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I haven't decided yet! --
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
