dialog: January 5, 2016
speaker_heading: KUBO
scene_heading: .-.- AND THE TWO STRINGS
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Marc Haimes
dialog: Chris Butler
dialog: Story by
dialog: Shannon Tindle
dialog: Marc Haimes
dialog: Director: Travis Knight
dialog: Studio:
dialog: Laika
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 1/92
speaker_heading: (0100 PRO) PROLOGUE
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: A child's whispered voice HISSES through the darkness...
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: If you must blink, do it now!
text: A full moon fills the screen like a giant, unblinking eye. *
text: An eerie wind HOWLS through the night sky, and a wave *
text: suddenly rises in front of the moon, eclipsing it from view.
text: Another giant wave swells and we CUT WIDER to reveal--
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - STORMY NIGHT
text: A tiny wooden fishing boat comes into view, tossed about by
text: enormous waves, cresting hundreds of feet high.
text: That’s when we hear it, weaving throughout the howls of wind. *
text: Hopeful, inexplicable MUSIC. A sweet, chromatic MELODY. *
text: It is being played by the boat’s lone passenger. A beautiful *
text: Japanese woman with long black hair whipping in the wind. She *
text: kneels as she plays a stringed shamisen instrument. *
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE (V.O.) *
dialog: Pay careful attention to everything *
dialog: you see and hear...No matter how *
dialog: *
dialog: unusual it may seem.
text: On the woman’s back we catch a glimpse of a woven bag
text: embroidered with the image of a beetle.
text: Before we can get a better look, our attention turns to a
text: tsunami-sized wave, rising up silently in front of the boat,
text: threatening to consume everything in its path.
text: The woman raises her hand, strikes the strings on her
text: shamisen, and the sea literally parts in front of her,
text: allowing safe passage clean through the center of the chaos.
text: The boat floats onward, approaching a rocky coastline beneath
text: high windswept cliffs, and at the sight of land the woman
text: gives an almost imperceptible smile.
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: And please be warned. If you
dialog: fidget. If you look away.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 2/92
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: If you forget any part of what I
dialog: tell you, even for an instant, then *
dialog: our hero will surely perish. *
text: Before the narrator can finish his sentence, another wave,
text: larger than the others, surges menacingly behind the woman...
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY BEACH
text: Propelled by that huge wave, the fishing boat violently rams
text: into the rocky shore, throwing the woman from the boat.
text: Tossed through the turbulent undercurrent, the woman’s head
text: smashes hard against a rock.
text: And as the ocean recedes, she’s left lying in the sand, her
text: body limp and unmoving and blanketed by her tangled hair. *
text: And then another sound. The CRYING of an infant.
text: The woman’s eyes snap open.
text: Slowly, painfully, she begins crawling across the sand
text: towards the crying. It’s coming from inside that woven bag. *
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE (0.S.) *
dialog: His name is Kubo. His grandfather *
dialog: stole something from him. *
text: As she reaches the bag and draws back the folds of cloth, we *
text: see the face of a baby underneath. We can see his head is *
text: wrapped in a bloodied bandage, covering his missing left eye. *
text: We watch them from a HIGH ANGLE, like we’re standing *
text: somewhere up on those cliffs, as the narrator adds... *
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And that really is the least of it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (0200 BRK) BREAKFAST WITH MOM
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: GHOSTING IN TITLE: KUBO
text: THEN: ... AND THE TWO STRINGS
text: CREDITS ROLL as we slowly FADE IN, coming face to face with --
speaker_heading: A MONKEY
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 3/92
text: A serious monkey. Staring right at us. Fixed expression.
dialog: That’s because this monkey is actually a carved wooden charm,
text: also known as a netsuke, standing about four inches high.
text: Next to it a young boy, perhaps ten years old, sleeps on a
text: thin mat on the floor. He is curled up within a robe
text: emblazoned with the crest of a beetle, just like the one we
text: saw on the bag earlier.
text: The boy rolls over, revealing his left eye is covered in a
text: patch. He is the baby from the prologue, grown into a wiry
text: youth, with thick black hair tugged into a messy topknot. He
dialog: is our hero. KUBO.
dialog: *
scene_heading: INT. KUBO’S CAVE - EARLY MORNING (PRE DAWN)
text: Kubo gets up and begins to tidy up the place, picking up
text: dozens of strewn pieces of paper that inexplicably litter the
text: ground. The paper is creased and wrinkled as if it has been
text: repeatedly folded and unfolded. He smooths each sheet out,
text: then stacks it and places it back on a shelf.
dialog: +e * HF
text: By the light of the full moon outside, Kubo walks to a little
text: kitchen area and strikes a flint, starting a fire.
dialog: *
text: He gracefully pours and heats a pot of water, preparing both
text: rice and tea for two place settings on the ground. *
text: He then turns to regard a sleeping woman, lying on a mat in
text: the corner of the cave, barely noticeable in the dark. The
text: folds of her gown move gently as she sleeps.
text: Kubo steps over and kneels down by her side, and we see this
text: is the same woman from our prologue, only now she seems older
text: and paler. Her face is creased and wrinkled like the crumpled
text: paper scattered around her, and her long black hair is
text: streaked with silvery grey. She is Kubo’s MOTHER.
text: Kubo watches her for a moment, then gathers himself and
text: extends a hand to gently push her hair out of her face.
text: Her eyes flutter open. She sees Kubo, kneeling there, and he
text: gives her a small smile. An unspoken “good morning.” *
text: Kubo helps her up and to the mat where the rice and tea are
text: waiting, her movements are slow and feeble. *
scene_heading: INT. DINING AREA KUBO’S CAVE - EARLY MORNING
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 4/92
text: Kubo serves his mother rice, even blowing on it to cool it
dialog: for her.
text: His Mother eats just a little. A bit of rice falls onto her
dialog: chin.
text: Kubo uses his chopsticks to gently put the grains of rice
text: back into her mouth. There is clearly something wrong with
dialog: his mother. *
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE KUBO’S CAVE - EARLY MORNING *
text: Kubo walks his mother over and she kneels on a mat in the *
text: shadow of the cave entrance, staring down at the angry white
text: crests of the waves.
text: Kubo sits beside her. He works intently, folding those sheets
text: of paper he stacked earlier into an assortment of origami
dialog: figures.
text: There is a tiger, a deer, and a snake, each as impressive as
text: the next. His nimble hands make swift and expert work of it.
dialog: It’s kind of incredible.
dialog: *
text: Kubo leans forward, grinning from ear to ear as he plays with
text: a paper samurai, showing it to his unresponsive mother. *
text: But then Kubo stops, and gets closer to lean on his mother’s *
text: shoulder as the sun rises. *
text: A BELL CHIMES in the distance, triggering him instantly into *
dialog: action.
text: As the orange light of dawn begins to fill the cave, he *
text: hurries over to where the shamisen leans against the wall and *
text: scoops it up with one hand. He grabs the netsuke and all his *
text: origami figures, hastily packs them into his bag and it over *
dialog: his shoulder. *
text: Before he leaves he notices a strand of hair has fallen in *
text: front of his mother’s face. He gently reaches out and pushes *
text: it back into place.
text: Kubo looks at his mother’s staring empty eyes and rests his *
text: hand on her shoulder for a moment before running off. *
scene_heading: (0300 JTV) JOURNEY TO THE VILLAGE
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 5/92
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PATH - DAWN
text: Kubo scrambles down the rocky path with practiced ease, his
text: shamisen occasionally smacking against his hip with a dull
text: harmonic BUMP, like when you jostle a guitar.
text: In the distance a cluster of buildings peek out from behind a
text: brightly ornate gateway. Kubo plays with his origami samurai *
text: as he walks. *
text: Kubo continues along the path over a bridge into the village,
dialog: to a hubbub of activity beyond -- *
scene_heading: (0400 STT) STORY TIME
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AVENUE - DAY
text: It’s later in the morning and the main thoroughfare has
text: become a vibrant pageant of peasantry and peddlers
text: celebrating the second day of the Obon Festival.
text: - A puppeteer operates an elaborate dragon marionette over
text: the heads of SQUEALING CHILDREN.
text: - FISHERMEN proudly waggle their pungent produce. Crustaceans
text: crawl over each other in open crates.
text: - A PATIENT DAD AND HIS YOUNG DAUGHTER browse the lanterns
text: being crafted by skilled artisans.
text: -HIGH CLASS LADIES barter and haggle for the most fashionable
dialog: festival garments.
text: - MERCHANTS pitch their wares to VILLAGERS from dusty carts.
text: - MEN gamble on elaborate tile games. Two old curmudgeons sit
text: in stony-faced contemplation over a chess-like game of Shoji.
text: And lining the street is the feudal Japanese equivalent of
text: the Venice Beach boardwalk. A row of BEGGARS and STREET
text: PERFORMERS, competing for coins, handouts, and attention:
text: - A hunched beggar woman, KAMEYO sits in the street, with a *
text: bowl in front of her.
text: She smiles warmly when she sees Kubo walking toward her. She
text: miraculously straightens up and seems much less woeful.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: Well hello, Kubo!
text: He slides his shamisen off his shoulder and sits down next to
text: her. Kubo peeks over the lip of the bowl.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 6/92
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: How is it today?
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: Not a bad crowd. I got two pennies
text: and a lint ball.
text: She fishes around in the bowl and pulls out a clump of fluff.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: This is pretty good lint.
text: Kubo CHUCKLES and the old woman turns to him.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: And what do you have planned today?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Oh, you know. The usual.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Monsters?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: You think you can work in a fire
dialog: breathing chicken?
text: Kubo fixes her with a look.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: The chicken again?
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: The chicken is funny.
text: Kubo rolls his eye, but he’s clearly enjoying this.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: A touch of comedy to balance the
dialog: whole thing out. They’re going to
dialog: be throwing money at you, I just
dialog: know it.
dialog: (thinks this over)
dialog: Or they’1l throw something at you,
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: KUBO
speaker_heading: (LAUGHS )
dialog: Okay, I‘1l see what I can do.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 7/92
text: Kubo stands to leave, but the old woman has one more thing.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: And do you plan on finishing the
dialog: story this time, young man?
text: Kubo just smiles and walks into the center of the square.
text: In one graceful motion, Kubo drops his bag of origami
text: creatures on the ground and spins his shamisen around.
text: He grabs the bachi pick from his belt and raises it into the
text: air, ready to strike.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: IF YOU MUST BLINK, DO IT NOW!
text: He then brings it down across the strings, striking a
text: beautifully resonant chord.
text: With this, the entire dynamic of the marketplace changes.
dialog: - Mid-haggle, merchants and their customers GASP.
text: - The Shoji players look up from their game. One takes
text: advantage of the distraction and cheats a winning move while
text: the other is facing the other way.
text: - Children watching the puppeteer look over and the puppeteer
text: turns the head of his dragon, to see what is going on before
text: the children cheer and run towards Kubo.
text: SHOUTING ceases, CHATTER trails off. Even the TRILLING of
text: songbirds in their cages and a distant dog’s BARKING stop.
text: Everything is silent. All heads are turned.
text: Kameyo moves through the gathering onlookers, pushing a man
dialog: aside.
text: Kubo stands confidently in the center, his shamisen gleaming
text: in the sun. Excited WHISPERS ripple through the crowd.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
scene_heading: PAY CAREFUL ATTENTION TO EVERYTHING
dialog: YOU SEE AND HEAR. NO MATTER HOW
dialog: UNUSUAL IT MAY SEEM!
text: As he paces, Kubo sizes up the circle forming around him.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: AND PLEASE BE WARNED. IF YOU
dialog: FIDGET. IF YOU LOOK AWAY. IF YOU
dialog: FORGET ANY PART OF WHAT I TELL YOU,
scene_heading: EVEN FOR AN INSTANT...
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 8/92
text: And by this point, there’s really no more need for Kubo to
text: shout. The entire crowd has fallen still and silent.
text: He points to a woman and WHISPERS dramatically.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Then our hero will surely perish!
text: He suddenly shifts into a dramatic pose, plucking his
text: shamisen like a rock star. He strums a simple theme, and a
text: red blur shoots from his pack, somersaulting the full length
text: of the circle before landing at Kubo’s feet.
text: The crowd CHEERS at the appearance of this origami hero.
text: Kubo puts up a hand to silence them again, and continues:
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hanzo was a mighty samurai. But he
dialog: was alone; his family taken from
text: him, his kingdom in ruins, and his
text: army destroyed by the dreaded Moon
dialog: King! You may recall, Hanzo was
text: roaming the distant Farlands in
text: search of a magical suit of armor;
dialog: the only weapon in the whole world
dialog: that could protect him from the
dialog: power of the Moon King. This armor
dialog: was made up of three pieces. The
dialog: first...
text: Kubo pauses waiting for the audience to participate and spins
text: suddenly, pointing to a group of children. HASHI is standing
text: behind them, pushes his way through to answer.
speaker_heading: HASHI
dialog: Oh, oh, oh!!! I know! I know! The
dialog: Sword Unbreakable!
text: Kubo smiles and continues to play. A sheet of paper shoots
text: from his bag and forms into a samurai sword that hovers in
text: the air before the crowd.
text: Kubo sprints over to an adorable little girl, skidding to a
text: halt in front of her.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: The second...?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: The Breastplate Imp...
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: Impen...
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 9/92
text: Her father, HOSATO leans down and WHISPERS something into her
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
dialog: Impen-a-truh-bubble! Yeah!
text: The crowd LAUGHS and APPLAUDS the little girl whose cheeks
text: bloom red with pride.
text: Kubo plucks the second string and we see an ornate
text: breastplate form and hover next to the sword.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: And finally, the third weapon, the
dialog: final piece of the armor...
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: I know this one! Pick me!
text: Kubo nods at her.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: The Helmet Invulnerable!
text: The expectant crowd turn to Kubo for affirmation. He plucks
text: the third string and a beautiful helmet forms. The crowd
text: CHEERS. He begins circling the audience, building the
dialog: tension.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Before Hanzo could claim the armor
dialog: and unite the pieces to reveal
dialog: their true power, he was attacked
dialog: by the Moon King’s beasts!
text: Kubo plucks a dissonant chord and spins suddenly.
text: A sheet of paper shoots up, folding in mid air, transforming
text: into a monstrous spider.
text: The spider creature springs forward and Hanzo charges to meet
text: it, slashing at its legs with his little paper sword.
text: The crowd cheers.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: Whoa! Ha Ha Ha!
text: Kubo launches into a dizzying display, playing his shamisen
dialog: like a demon. He’s good!
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 10/92
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: In a series of quick cuts we catch various glimpses of Kubo’s
text: story... one fantastical battle after another, an incredibly
text: violent display of origami theatrics, with paper body parts
text: raining like confetti around the square.
text: - A FEROCIOUS SHARK swallows Hanzo whole, until he slices it
text: open from inside, shredding it into ribbons.
text: - An over-excited samurai grasps the shoulders of two women.
speaker_heading: HASHI
dialog: Oh yes!
text: - A FIRE-BREATHING CHICKEN forms and belches paper flames at
dialog: Hanzo.
text: - The Beggar Woman CLAPS and CACKLES uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: HA HA! Kill the chicken! Rip it to
dialog: pieces!
text: - Hanzo runs and turns into a flat piece of paper again
text: shooting under the chicken’s legs to escape. The paper folds
text: back into Hanzo to the cheers of the crowd.
text: - Hanzo gets hit by a flying paper egg shot at him by the
text: chicken. Hanzo turns, runs, and back-flips over the chicken,
text: lopping off its head with one swipe of his sword.
text: - The patient dad covers the eyes of his young daughter, who
text: moves his hands, not wishing to miss a beat.
speaker_heading: HOSATO
dialog: Oh my!
text: - The day grows later. Hashi cheers wildly and another man
text: gags as Kubo continues to entertain the crowd with his
dialog: performance with Hanzo.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Hanzo was filled with rage, his
text: soul tormented by the grief of a
dialog: family stolen from him...
text: Kubo begins playing a more ominous tune and paper creeps out
text: of his pack, folding as it rises into the air, forming the
text: dark silhouette of the Moon King.
text: There’s a gravitas to Kubo as he continues.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 11/92
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: At last, our hero was face to face
dialog: with his nemesis, The Moon King!
text: The two paper figures fly up in the air at each other poised
text: for battle, then as they reach fighting distance...
dialog: BONG! BONG!
text: Kubo turns and sees the ringing bell. He lowers his hand and
text: the origami figures instantly unfold and glide back into his
dialog: pack.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: (smiling brightly)
dialog: So be sure to come back tomorrow!
text: He hurriedly gathers up his belongings and collected coins as
text: the crowd behind him realize that’s all they’re going to get
text: today. They give a MURMUR of disappointment.
speaker_heading: HASHI
dialog: What? Oh come on! People like an
dialog: ending, please! Where are you
dialog: going? No....You can’t leave!
scene_heading: (0600 FDM) FADED MEMORY
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE KUBO’S CAVE - EVENING
text: Just as the bell finishes chiming, Kubo arrives breathlessly
text: at the entrance to the cave, to find his mother still sitting
text: there like she hasn’t moved at all.
text: He smiles gently and sits next to her. They both stare out
text: at the setting sun, sinking down behind the ocean. The last
text: rays creep down their faces until shadow covers them
text: completely. Then, Mother slowly blinks awake.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Kubo.
text: Kubo’s Mother looks around the cave.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Kubo.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Yes, Mother, I’m here.
text: Kubo smiles softly and takes her by the hand. She smiles at
dialog: him.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 12/92
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hungry?
text: She smiles and nods.
scene_heading: INT. DINING AREA KUBO’S CAVE - EVENING
text: CLOSE ON A BOWL.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (V.O.)
dialog: And even though he could barely see
text: his own hand in front of his face,
text: Hanzo and his army of loyal samurai
text: pressed on through the blizzard.
text: They've finished dinner and Kubo, the monkey, and little
text: paper samurai sit next to each other watching his mother. She
text: moves freely now, reminding us of Kubo during his story time.
text: We can see where Kubo inherited his talents as she pretends
text: to step through the deep snow, her arm in front of her face
text: protecting her from imaginary winds.
text: Kubo stares intently like a child watching his favorite show.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And suddenly, as quickly as it had
dialog: started, the storm cleared before
text: him. Hanzo breathed a sigh of
dialog: relief, for he was home!
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: His fortress?! The Beetle Clan
dialog: Castle?!!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes! At the very edge of the
text: Farlands, hidden from the Moon King
dialog: by powerful magic...
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: And then what happened? When he got
dialog: to the castle?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: When who got to the castle?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Hanzo, my father.
text: She is genuinely confused.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 13/92
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hanzo... Hanzo was at the castle?
dialog: He... Just give me a
dialog: second...I’m...no, no...its gone. I
dialog: can’t...I’m sorry, Kubo. Perhaps I
dialog: could recall a different story?
text: This obviously happens a lot... her memory is deteriorating.
text: Kubo tries to play it down.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Mother, what was father like?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Oh, this one is easy. Hanzo was a
text: mighty warrior, skilled with sword
dialog: and bow...
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: No. What was he really like? When
dialog: he wasn’t fighting... when he was
dialog: with us.
text: She pauses, caught off guard, then smiles softly. For the
text: first time, she seems really lucid.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He was just like you.
text: Kubo smiles.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Like me?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Strong and clever and funny. And oh
dialog: so handsome!
text: She leans over and playfully grabs his cheek. Embarrassed,
text: Kubo squirms and GIGGLES and pushes her away.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Ugh, Moth-er!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Aw, Come on!
text: She gets more serious.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Never forget how much he loved you,
dialog: Kubo. He died protecting us.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 14/92
text: Kubo hesitates, wondering if he should ask the next question.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Did the Moon King--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Your Grandfather.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Did Grandfather and your sisters
dialog: really kill my father? It can’t be
dialog: true, can it? They’re family!
text: His mother is now deadly serious and grabs Kubo’s shoulders.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, they are monsters! Grandfather
dialog: and my sisters stole your eye,
dialog: Kubo! They must never find you
dialog: again! NEVER! You must always stay
text: hidden from the night sky, or they
dialog: will find you and they’1ll take you
dialog: away from me! Promise me you will
dialog: never let this happen. Promise me
dialog: Kubo!
text: Kubo looks into Mother's eyes and nods timidly. She realizes
text: she has gone too far and calms a little, backing away.
text: She has a thought and reaches down to the ground, grabbing
dialog: the little monkey statue.
text: She holds it up to Kubo and speaks in a funny voice.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t be sad Kubo. Kubooo...
text: Kubo looks up with the hint of a grin. Sariatu continues with
text: the voice.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember what you must do, Kubo? Re-
dialog: mem-—ber?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Keep you with me at all times, Mr.
dialog: Monkey.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Aaand...?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: And keep father’s robe on my back
dialog: at all times.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 15/92
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes Kubo. And there’s one more
dialog: thing. Never, EVER, stay out after
dialog: dark.
text: She leans across and tickles Kubo with the netsuke.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (in monkey voice)
dialog: Re-mem-ber?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Yes, Mr. Monkey
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Good boy.
text: They LAUGH together, until his mother’s brow suddenly creases
text: and she stops and yawns. It’s clear whatever lucidity was
text: there before has gone. Kubo sees this every night, but it
dialog: never gets easier.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Bedtime.
text: Kubo walks her over to her mat and lays her down. She looks
text: up at him, innocent as a child.
text: He sits for a moment longer, watching as his mother drifts
text: off to sleep, and then he blows out the candle.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: A beat, and then:
scene_heading: (0700 MON) MOTHER’S NIGHTMARE
scene_heading: INT. KUBO’S CAVE - NIGHT
text: A SKITTERING sound. Kubo’s origami paper starts flying off
text: the cave shelf over Kubo, lying fast asleep.
text: Kubo blinks his bleary eye. Sits up.
text: CUT WIDE to reveal the roof of the cave is swimming with
text: origami. A constellation of paper bodies, magically twisting
text: and animating all around him in the air.
text: He looks over to see his mother on her mat, tossing and
text: MUMBLING in her sleep, clearly in the midst of an intense
dialog: dream.
text: Suddenly awake, he runs to his mother.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 16/92
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Mother, wake up! You’re dreaming.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No...
text: As she wakes almost instantly the paper throughout the cave
text: rains down, unfolded and crumpled, onto the floor.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Kubo! Kubo, is that you?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Yes, Mother. I’m here.
text: This seems to comfort her. A confused look comes across her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Kubo, what happened to your eye?
text: Kubo just looks at her sadly and she goes back to sleep.
text: Kubo is left staring at the mess of strewn paper, just as
dialog: before, and now we understand exactly how it all got there.
speaker_heading: (0800 OBF) OBON FESTIVAL
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AVENUE - DAY
text: We see the market square is once again bustling with
text: activity. Everyone wears their finest clothes and the
text: buildings all around have been decorated with colorful
text: Japanese lamps. The Festival is underway.
text: Many of the village women are participating in an elaborate
text: line dance made up of sweeping movements and subtle gestures.
text: They weave and skip past camera, revealing a busy festival
dialog: scene.
text: Kubo stands watching all of this. He rubs his eye and YAWNS.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (0.S.)
dialog: Paper boy! Here! Here!
text: Kubo turns to see that same old woman. She gives a gummy grin
text: and looks suspiciously like she may have washed her face.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon, c’mon. Come sit next to me.
dialog: I got us a good spot here.
text: Kubo ambles sleepily in her direction and sits next to her.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 17/92
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think? I got myself all
text: spruced up for the big day.
text: Kubo awkwardly grins at her.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahhh... I do so love the festival.
dialog: A time to celebrate. Y’know, it’s a
dialog: shame you never stay past sundown.
text: There’s fireworks and singing and
dialog: dancing and feasting of course...
text: She playfully tickles Kubo.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: But the best part of all...
text: The beggar woman grabs Kubo about the shoulder, drawing him
text: in close as she gestures around the square.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you see those lamps and altars?
dialog: We use those to speak to the loved
dialog: ones that left us behind.
text: Kubo hears this and his eye widens a little.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: We listen to their tales and guide
text: their safe return to the blissful
dialog: pure land.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Really? Did you speak to someone?
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: Yes I did. My husband! His voice
dialog: was as clear and loud as the one
dialog: you use for your stories.
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: In seventy two years he never had a
dialog: thing to say. Now he’s gone, I
dialog: can’t shut him up.
text: She LAUGHS fruitily and Kubo’s eye widens more as her words
text: sink in. In the background, the dance concludes to the CHEERS
text: of the spectators.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: You have someone you'd like to talk
dialog: to, huh?
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 18/92
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Very much!
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: Well, what’s stopping you?
text: Kubo looks around at all the elaborately ornamented altars.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Don’t I need a lamp?
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: Well...
text: She CACKLES conspiratorially into his ear.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: I bet you could make a really nice
dialog: one with that paper folding...
dialog: thing... you do.
text: Kubo realizes what she’s getting at. His eye darts this way
text: and that as his mind fills with the possibilities.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: Y’see? Not just a pretty face, huh?
text: She grins broadly and gives him a friendly nudge.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: Now hurry along! Go! There’s still
dialog: time before dark! Go! Get out of
dialog: here.
text: Smiling excitedly, Kubo runs away through the crowd, pausing
text: only to wave at the old woman.
scene_heading: (0900 MEA) MEETING ANCESTORS
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Carrying his bag and lamp, Kubo emerges from a wooded road
text: that opens onto a serene cemetery beside a river. Replete
text: with beautiful plants and flowers, there’s nothing macabre
dialog: about this peaceful place.
text: Dozens of families are gathered among the grave markers,
text: setting up lamps and altars. Nearby, a HOSATO is teaching
speaker_heading: MARI.
speaker_heading: HASHI (0.S.)
dialog: It’s so great to hear your voice.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS
speaker_heading: VILLAGER 2 (0.S.)
dialog: We'll never forget you.
speaker_heading: VILLAGER 3 (0.S.)
dialog: It’s time to go.
speaker_heading: VILLAGER 4
dialog: We missed you so much.
speaker_heading: HOSATO
dialog: Place the lamp at the Alter. Ha,
dialog: very good.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: What do we do next, Daddy?
speaker_heading: HOSATO
dialog: Next we pray. We ask her spirit to
dialog: honor us with its light
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (loudly)
text: GRANDMA, WILL YOU PLEASE HONOR...
speaker_heading: HOSATO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Shhh. Softly, softly!
text: Kubo finds some space and fashions a rough altar from stones.
text: He dumps the origami out of his bag, then creates a simple
text: yet beautiful lamp from an ivory sheet of paper as he watches
text: the patient dad discuss the ritual with his daughter.
text: Then, copying the family, he gets on his knees and begins to
text: pray. He speaks quietly, awkwardly, under his breath.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Hello, father.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I hope you’re well. Uh. I mean, I
dialog: know you’re dead, but I hope
dialog: everything is... okay...
text: Kubo thinks about that opening for a moment. He hates
text: everything that just came out of his mouth. He starts over,
text: raising his arms and gesturing to his baggy robe.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Look. It’s your robe! Mother says
dialog: I‘1l grow into it.
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: She says you were a great leader
dialog: who died protecting me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: %
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 20/92
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Saving one of my eyes. Two would've
dialog: been ideal, but... thanks anyway.
text: He smiles to indicate he is joking again, and then feels
text: immediately wretched. He decides to get right to the point.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Father, I’m worried about mother.
dialog: With every day that goes by, she
text: drifts further away. She talks a
dialog: lot about you, but... but I just
dialog: don’t know. I don’t think she
dialog: remembers what’s real anymore. I
dialog: don’t know what’s real anymore...
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: I just wish you were here. So I
dialog: could... could talk to you... see
dialog: you... find out what I should do.
text: Kubo’s prayer is interrupted by a gleeful SHOUT.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Daddy! Daddy! She’s here! Grandma
dialog: is here!
text: Kubo looks over at the family to see the wick of their lamp
text: suddenly burst into flame.
speaker_heading: HOSATO
dialog: Now it’s time for the final part.
dialog: We have to help her get back to the
dialog: spirit world.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Oh! But she just got here.
speaker_heading: HOSATO
dialog: Come on.
text: Kubo stares back at his lamp for a moment. Then he looks back
text: up into the air.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Father? Hellooo?
text: He purses his lips. Folds his arms impatiently.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Any time.
text: The family then brings their lit lantern down to the river,
text: placing it in the water and watching it float out to sea.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 21/92
dialog: Time passes...
text: Still Kubo’s lamp remains steadfastly unlit. The cemetery is
text: practically deserted by now. Behind Kubo in the river, dozens
text: of lit lamps are slowly floating out to sea as the village
text: bell begins RINGING out the fall of night.
text: Kubo just stands there defiantly. He glares at his altar,
text: patience spent. He grabs his unlit lamp and crumples it up,
text: tossing it angrily to the ground.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine! I don’t need you anyway!
text: The sun sets behind the mountains.
scene_heading: INT. DINING AREA KUBO’S CAVE - EVENING
text: Kubo’s Mother’s eyes snap open.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Kubo!
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DUSK
text: The bell stops RINGING, and Kubo has a change of heart. His
text: contorted face softens and he reaches down to scoop up the
text: broken lamp. Feeling vile and foolish he does his best to
text: unfold and smooth out the paper.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I... I’m sorry.
dialog: (1100 MTS) MEET THE SISTERS!
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - WOODS OUTSIDE KUBO’S VILLAGE
text: Instantly, all along the river, each and every lamp is
text: silently extinguished.
text: Wisps of smoke curl from the charred wicks, joined by a
text: seeping fog that rolls across the surface of the river from
text: the far bank. This cheerful place has become dark and eerie.
speaker_heading: WHISPERED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Kuuuuboooooo!
text: The voice is eerily melodic. It tingles in the air, seemingly
text: from several directions at once.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 22/92
speaker_heading: WHISPERED VOICE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Kubo!
text: Kubo looks around, heart racing. He follows the direction of
text: the voice and sees, across the river, a lone woman clad in
text: flowing robes, billowing in the breeze.
text: She has long black hair and wears a wide-brimmed peasant’s
text: hat pulled low so we cannot see her face. In her bone white
text: hand she holds a long wooden pipe. This is a SISTER.
speaker_heading: THE SISTERS
dialog: Little boy. What happened to your
dialog: eye?
text: Kubo takes a step backwards, sensing something is very, very
dialog: wrong here.
text: The strange woman with the hidden face LAUGHS. A horrible,
text: high-pitched sound, joined by another nightmarish GIGGLE as a
text: second woman emerges from the shadows, her face also obscured
text: by a wide-brimmed hat. This one is the other SISTER.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Who are you? How do you know my
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: THE SISTERS
dialog: We’re your family, Kubo. Your
dialog: mother’s sisters. And we’ve been
dialog: looking for you for so long.
text: Kubo’s eye widens and he takes another step back.
speaker_heading: THE SISTERS (CONT’D)
dialog: It is so lovely to meet you, Kubo.
text: Face to face.
text: As they say these words, they raise their heads in unison and
text: look up at Kubo to reveal their faces are covered by the
text: blank features and fixed smiles of terrifying “NOH” masks.
speaker_heading: THE SISTERS (CONT’D)
dialog: Come, Kubo. Come to your aunties.
text: Kubo stands frozen and horrified as they begin gliding like
text: the mist across the river towards him.
speaker_heading: THE SISTERS (CONT’D)
dialog: No reason to be afraid, Kubo. We
dialog: just need your other eye. Your
dialog: grandfather admires it so.
text: Kubo runs.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 23/92
text: The sisters GIGGLE as they watch him bolt along the path
text: toward the village, then one of the Sisters leisurely brings
text: her long pipe up to the mouth hole of her mask and takes a
text: deep puff.
text: The smoke she exhales twists and coalesces into horrible
text: shapes that grow and move of their own accord. They are the
text: DEMONS OF THE PIPE, and they’re after Kubo.
text: Kubo tears up the path leading back to the village, SHOUTING
text: at the top of his lungs.
speaker_heading: KUBO
text: HELP! HELP! SOMEBODY HELP! HELP!
dialog: LOOK OUT! RUN!
scene_heading: (1200 SMD) SMOKE DEMONS
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AVENUE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kubo staggers through the gate, leaning against it as he
text: finds his breath. He goes to YELL, but his warnings are
text: swallowed up by SHRIEKING EXPLOSIONS of fireworks as the
text: festival ends in noisy celebration.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: RUN!
text: And then it is too late.
text: As Kubo races through the market, the demonic smoke breaks
text: off from its pursuit of him, rolling like a bank of fog into
text: the throng of celebrating villagers.
text: In a storm of smoke, fire, and terrified SCREAMS, the demons *
text: tear through the square, destroying everything in their path.
scene_heading: (1300 MSD) MOTHER SAVES THE DAY *
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PATH - CONTINUOUS
text: Kubo runs for his life up the long path towards his cave.
text: Breath coming in fevered GASPS, he risks a look over his
dialog: shoulder.
text: His village is ablaze, consumed in that terrible smoke,
text: tendrils of which are slithering up the hill in his
dialog: direction.
text: Kubo stumbles and falls, and before he can scramble back onto *
text: his feet he is surrounded by the demons.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 24/92
text: Through their writhing, ethereal bodies he catches sight of
text: his masked aunts, inexorably gliding up the path toward him.
speaker_heading: THE SISTERS
dialog: We're here, Kubo. Your family has
dialog: come for you.
text: Kubo recoils in horror, but has nowhere left to run.
text: And then a hand appears out of nowhere, pulls Kubo’s shamisen
text: out of his bag and strikes the strings!
text: The notes reverberate, rippling out through the demons like a
text: shock wave.
text: Kubo turns to see his mother standing over him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
speaker_heading: KUBO!
speaker_heading: KUBO
speaker_heading: MOTHER!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: KUBO, YOU MUST FIND THE ARMOR! IT’S
text: YOUR ONLY CHANCE! REMEMBER THIS!
text: She gives him the shamisen and smacks the beetle crest on the
text: back of his robe, causing two flapping beetle wings to emerge
text: magically from the robe’s folds!
text: The wings pump furiously, lifting Kubo up into the air!
text: Kubo clutches at his mother, accidentally tearing out a few
text: strands of her hair as he rises up into the sky.
text: The flapping wings take him higher and higher, away from the
text: village and towards the ocean. All Kubo can do is watch as
text: below, the two masked aunts advance on his mother, one
text: pulling a bladed chain from her robes, the other drawing a
text: menacing sword.
text: Mother narrows her eyes and squares off against them, and
dialog: there’s a strength and power to her that we’ve never seen
text: before. She pulls her own sword from her robes and raises it
text: defiantly.
text: And then, as if to conceal the horrors from him, Kubo’s robe
text: envelopes him, cocooning his body and face. The last thing it
dialog: covers is his one eye, taking us to --
speaker_heading: BLACK.
scene_heading: (1400 MKY) MEET MONKEY
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 25/92
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW-COVERED TERRAIN - BLIZZARD
text: SILENCE, eventually broken by the sound of a rising wind, *
text: creeping from a WHISPER to a WAIL as we slowly FADE TO:
text: A MONKEY.
text: A serious monkey. Staring right at us. Fixed expression. This *
text: isn’t another netsuke charm, but an actual living, breathing *
text: 4-foot tall monkey, and it SHOUTS at him over the wind ina
text: female voice...
speaker_heading: MONKEY
text: KUBO! KUBO! CAN YOU HEAR ME, KUBO?
text: Kubo stares at the monkey, blinking. He immediately shuffles
text: backward through snow.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I SAID, YOUR MOTHER IS GONE! YOUR
text: VILLAGE IS DESTROYED! BURNED TO THE
dialog: GROUND! *
text: Monkey advances slowly.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
text: WE LANDED HERE IN THE FARLANDS.
text: YOUR ENEMIES AREN‘T FAR BEHIND! WE *
text: MUST SEARCH FOR SHELTER BEFORE YOUR *
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER COMES. *
dialog: *
text: He backs right into his shamisen. He looks around, dazed and
text: disoriented. *
text: As Monkey delivers this rather glum state of the union, Kubo
text: happens to look down and realizes he is actually sitting on a
text: giant sheet of snow-covered ice. *
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to go, now. *
text: She turns, offering Kubo her back. *
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D) *
dialog: COME ON. GET UP. LET’S GO. *
text: Kubo stands for a second, still in shock, then gathers up his
text: shamisen and climbs onto Monkey's back.
text: And as Monkey races through the snow with Kubo on her back, *
text: we PULL WIDER and WIDER and it becomes clear that shelter
dialog: might not be so easy to find, because all we can see is ice
text: and snow for hundreds of miles in every direction.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 26/92
scene_heading: (1500 SFS) SHELTER FROM THE STORM
scene_heading: EXT. GLACIER’S EDGE - DUSK
text: Monkey and Kubo stand in the snow, staring at something.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Once we’re inside, you might be
text: tempted to complain about the odor.
text: CUT TO a giant whale carcass, lying ahead of them on the ice.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep in mind, my sense of smell is
dialog: ten times stronger than yours.
text: With that, as the sun begins to set behind distant mountains
text: of ice, Monkey motions for Kubo to follow her inside.
scene_heading: INT. WHALE CARCASS - NIGHT
text: Night has long since fallen, and they've made camp inside the
text: whale’s belly, lit by a shaft of moonlight and a small fire.
text: Kubo looks less than thrilled as he huddles amidst frozen
dialog: innards.
text: With a knitted brow, Kubo sits and watches Monkey as she
text: tends to a large conch shell balanced over a small cooking
text: fire. She uses a splinter of bone to stir at a cloudy liquid
text: simmering inside.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You have questions. I can tell.
text: Kubo nods his head. He opens his mouth to speak and Monkey
text: puts her hand up, interrupting him.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Who-
text: She holds up three fingers.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You get three.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I think I have more.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Three. But first you’re gonna eat.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 27/92
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Why only three?
text: She holds up one finger.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Okay, that was your first question. *
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: What?! I don’t understand what’s *
dialog: happening. Who are you?!
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You don’t recognize me. *
text: Kubo stares. She stops stirring and turns to assume a pose, *
text: exactly like his netsuke.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: All these years you had to keep me
dialog: in your pack. Now you know why.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: But you were a wooden charm!
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: You were this big!
text: He scowls suspiciously.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: I called that charm Mr. Monkey.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: If I were alive at that point, I
dialog: might have found that insulting.
dialog: Look, your mother used the last of *
dialog: her magic to save you and bring me
dialog: to life.
text: For a moment, Kubo doesn’t have anything to say. He simply
text: stares down at the ground with his one eye, glassy in the
text: moonlight. Whatever thoughts are running through his head, he
text: keeps them in. Whatever emotions might be at work, he buries.
text: Monkey watches him thoughtfully and then returns to the fire
text: and pours some of the mystery stew into a scavenged clam
text: shell. She holds it in front of Kubo.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Here. Drink.
text: Kubo stares at the murky liquid.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 28/92
speaker_heading: KUBO
text: It smells.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Everything in here smells. Drink
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I don’t want it.
text: Monkey moves in closer.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I said drink it.
text: Kubo stares right back at her.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: You're a mean monkey, aren’t you?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Yes. Yes, I am. And that’s three.
dialog: You're out of questions now, so
dialog: just listen. I’m here to protect
dialog: you, Kubo, and that means you have
dialog: to do as I say. So, if you don’t
dialog: eat you'll be weak. If you’re weak,
dialog: you'll be slow. If you’re slow,
dialog: you'll die.
text: Kubo seems to accept this. She holds the shell out to Kubo
text: again. This time he takes it from her. He sips from the bowl.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: It’s too hot.
text: A little annoyed, Monkey takes the conch from Kubo. Blows on
text: it pointedly. Hands it back to him.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Drink.
text: Kubo takes another sip of the soup, SLURPING it loudly,
text: provoking a peeved look from Monkey.
text: He feigns innocence.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Oh, excuse me.
text: Kubo takes another sip, deliberately SLURPING louder, and
text: Monkey full on glares at him. Daggers.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: + eH
dialog: %
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Okay, You better start taking this
dialog: seriously, Kubo. This is real. This
dialog: is not a story. Those things, your
dialog: aunts, they never get hungry. They
dialog: never sleep. They will find you and
dialog: if we’re not prepared... they’1l
dialog: kill me and take your other eye.
text: Kubo speaks, but more timidly now.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: What are we going to do?
text: Monkey is silent for a second.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: We're going to find the armor.
dialog: It’s the only thing that can
dialog: protect you.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: So it’s real. Really real.
text: Monkey nods.
dialog: 29/92
speaker_heading: +H HH HF
text: Kubo notices a strand of hair from his mother on his robe and *
text: picks it off. Monkey crosses over to Kubo and tries to grab *
text: it. He instinctively jerks away.
text: Monkey holds her hand out.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Don’t worry. I’m not going to keep
dialog: it.
text: Kubo hands it to her.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I pulled that from her head. I
dialog: didn’t mean to.
text: Monkey nimbly twists and knots the hair into a beautiful
dialog: woven bracelet.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Your mother was very powerful. She
dialog: blessed your robes so that when the
dialog: need was most they would fly you
dialog: away. She used the last of that
dialog: power to bring me to life. This
text: bracelet, her hair, it’s a memory.
dialog: Memories are powerful things, Kubo.
dialog: Never lose it.
speaker_heading: DRAFT:
dialog: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 30/92
text: She begins tying it around Kubo’s wrist and looks right into
text: his eye.
text: She crosses to the other side of the fire as Kubo stares at
text: the woven hair.
text: They sit there, silent silhouettes, shadows flickering off
text: the sides of their strange shelter.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: One more question?
text: Monkey shakes her head, admiring Kubo’s guts.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Last one.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Do you know where it is? The armor?
text: Monkey pokes at the fire with a splinter of whalebone.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: No. No I don’t.
text: Kubo finally realizes the severity of their situation. The
text: uncertainty on his face betrays his age and vulnerability.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now go to sleep.
text: With a SIGH, Kubo lies down and rolls away from the fire.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Good night, Monkey.
text: Monkey watches him for a moment, her stern face finally
text: softening now that Kubo can’t see her.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: (1600 WHE) WHALE ESCAPE
scene_heading: INT. WHALE CARCASS - DAWN
text: Kubo’s eye blinks open to see Monkey through the first
text: strains of sunlight, filtering in through the blow hole.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Kubo...You were talking in your
dialog: sleep. You were dreaming...calling
dialog: out to your father.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: + eH
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 31/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And then the paper flew out of your *
text: bag and folded itself into... him. *
text: She is pointing at a figure, standing smartly to attention at
text: Kubo’s feet. It is LITTLE HANZO, only bigger, fashioned out
text: of several sheets of paper folded together.
text: Still a bit puzzled, Kubo steps over to inspect the origami.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
text: He’s been standing there for hours.
dialog: Quietly judging us. I’m not even
dialog: sure this counts as origami. I
text: could swear scissors were involved.
text: Kubo reaches out to touch the origami, but Little Hanzo
text: parries his hand, blocking it with his paper sword before *
text: marching away somewhat huffily.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Ow! Back home in the cave, it was *
dialog: my mother’s dreams that did this.
dialog: And the paper always unfolded
text: itself by morning.
text: They both look over as Little Hanzo climbs on top of Kubo’s
text: bag and strikes a regal pose, pointing his sword in the
text: direction of the blow hole.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: What’s that about?
text: Struck by an impulse, Kubo suddenly reaches forward and turns
text: the bag that Little Hanzo is standing on slightly, so that *
text: the figure is now pointing his sword in a different
text: direction. Little Hanzo immediately moves back into his *
dialog: *
text: previous position, pointing his sword in the direction of the
dialog: blow hole.
dialog: *
text: Kubo moves the origami again, so he’s pointing away from the *
text: blow hole. And again, Little Hanzo immediately moves back *
text: into his previous position, pointing his sword in the *
dialog: direction of the blow hole. *
speaker_heading: KUBO *
dialog: *
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Little Hanzo gives Kubo the origami equivalent of an
text: exasperated glance, then points his sword at Kubo, and then
text: towards the blow hole again. He then GESTURES impatiently
text: with his sword, as if to say, “Come on already, let’s go!”
dialog: +e %
text: Kubo and Monkey share a glance, realizing what this means.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 32/92
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess this is how my father
dialog: answered me.
text: Monkey takes a breath.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I’m tempted to say that entrusting
dialog: our fate to the guidance of a small
dialog: paper man seems like a bad idea.
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: But it’s the best bad idea we have. *
text: Their diminutive guide climbs up and out of the blow hole *
text: first, followed closely by Kubo and Monkey. *
scene_heading: (1700 PMP) PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT *
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTHILLS - DAY
text: Little Hanzo remains perched on Kubo’s shamisen, pointing the
text: way beyond the glacier’s broken edge. The ground rises and
text: rolls through a series of foothills stepping up to a
text: mountainous wall of cliffs, upon which snow blazes bright in
text: the midday sun.
text: Kubo looks up at the sound of melodic CHIRPING above him and
text: spies a bird, fluttering overhead. *
text: Kubo has never seen anything quite like it and lags behind,
text: taking up his shamisen.
text: As Kubo plucks the strings, a few sheets of paper spring up
text: out of his bag, folding themselves into a paper duplicate of
text: the live bird, which soars up to greet its twin. *
text: Kubo gives a joyous LAUGH that makes Monkey stop in her
text: tracks. She turns, scowling, only to see the boy skipping and
text: GIGGLING through the snow as he plays his shamisen. A
text: contented child, concerns momentarily forgotten.
text: She sits down to watch, allowing him this moment of relief.
text: Exhilarated, Kubo plays faster on his instrument, and more
text: paper shoots out of his bag, spiraling up and forming a
text: glorious cloud of paper birds in the sky. Startled, the bird
text: darts away into the clouds.
text: Kubo’s birds fly and frolic at his command, glittering in the
text: sunlight, pirouetting through the air in a dazzling dance of
dialog: paper wings.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 33/92
text: Kubo is thrilled, and from her perch across the way, Monkey
text: is also mesmerized.
text: Kubo falls on his back, CACKLING, facing up into the bright
text: blue sky as his magnificent flock flutters overhead.
text: And then Monkey’s face is looking down on him. Serious, of
dialog: course, but also a little curious.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You're growing stronger.
text: Kubo LAUGHS. He feels it.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You might not want to look quite so
dialog: pleased about that.
text: She sits him up, ushering him onto his feet and brushing down
text: his robe.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: We grow stronger. The world grows
dialog: more dangerous. Life has a way of
dialog: keeping things balanced.
text: Kubo reacts to this cynical wisdom by making a face.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Monkey, do you ever say anything
dialog: encouraging?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I encourage you not to die.
text: Monkey licks her hand, smooths down Kubo’s hair and walks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: (Mocking under his breath)
dialog: I encourage you not to die.
text: As Kubo follows Monkey, something spies on them from behind a
text: nearby rock. Something big and spiky with freakish claws. Its
text: gaze seems to be fixed on Hanzo Origami.
text: Unaware, Kubo is hatching a mischievous idea. As he walks
text: behind Monkey he delicately PLUCKS the strings on his
text: shamisen, and one of his paper birds stealthily breaks away
text: from the flock and dives down from the sky, nipping Monkey
text: playfully on her backside.
text: Monkey whirls around, searching for the culprit. But the bird
text: has already soared up and into the clouds again.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 34/92
text: Monkey gives Kubo a suspicious look. Kubo stares back
text: innocently. Swats his neck as if killing a bug.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
text: Mosquitos. Annoying.
text: With no evidence to convict, Monkey turns back around.
text: But now Kubo notices that, unbidden by him, more birds are
text: swooping down for a second assault on Monkey, and as they
text: dive down they reform into three huge paper mosquitos.
text: They're already circling Monkey, but just as they get close
text: enough to strike, Monkey springs into action. Without turning
text: around, she shoots out an arm and snatches the first
text: mosquito, grabs the second with her foot and launches into an
text: amazing back flip to finish off the third.
text: She approaches Kubo, smoothing out the crumpled paper.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Wasn’t me. I swear.
text: She returns the paper to Kubo’s bag.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
text: Paper runs out. As does patience.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I didn’t ask them to do that.
dialog: (mutters )
dialog: The second time.
text: Monkey gives Kubo a skeptical look.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t. At least, not exactly. I
dialog: mean, I felt it, but...
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Magic is not meant to be easy. You
dialog: need to learn control. Concentrate
dialog: on what you’re doing. And always
dialog: remember...
text: She leans in real close.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t mess with the Monkey.
text: She raises her eyebrows by way of punctuation but remains
text: staunchly straight-faced.
text: A beat, and then she nonchalantly turns and resumes walking.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 35/92
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFFSIDE - DAY
text: Fragmented remnants of colossal statues that once guarded the
text: cliffs litter the landscape, dwarfing Monkey and Kubo as they
text: approach, Monkey endlessly lecturing. Enormous heads peek out
text: of snowdrifts. Ancient broken limbs reach among the rocks.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Tread carefully, Kubo. This isn’t
dialog: one of your stories.
text: Kubo doesn’t like hearing this. He lags behind, clambering up
text: the broken nose to the eye socket of a wind-worn face.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: How do you know? Maybe it is. And
dialog: I’m the valiant hero. And you’re
dialog: the mean monkey.
text: Her back to him, Monkey just continues walking.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You may think you're the great
dialog: hero, but heroes come and go. Any
dialog: moment, something terrible could
dialog: come out of nowhere and...
text: She turns her head to confront Kubo and trails off. The huge
text: eye socket is empty and Kubo is nowhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: KUBO (0.S.)
text: MONKEYYY!
text: Hearing Kubo in danger, Monkey gives a YELL of primal fury,
text: and darts across the rocks toward the statue.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Kubo!
text: She peers down into the hollow head, catching a glimpse of
text: Kubo, twenty feet below, being dragged down a sheer bank of
text: ice descending into the shadowy bowels of the earth.
text: Monkey doesn’t hesitate and jumps down into the darkness
text: after him.
speaker_heading: (1800 MEB) MEET BEETLE
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND TUNNELS - CONTINUOUS
text: Monkey slides down the incline into a series of ancient
text: caverns carved with the faces of gods long since forgotten.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 36/92
text: Spotting Kubo and kidnapper in the distance, she takes off
text: again, a breakneck pursuit through a dank, crumbling
text: labyrinth that hasn’t heard footfalls for hundreds of years.
text: Eventually, Monkey turns a corner and skids to a sudden stop.
scene_heading: INT. BEETLE’S CAMP - CONTINUOUS
text: Crouching in front of her is the creature. Part giant beetle,
text: part human, shell mimicking the silhouette of samurai armor.
text: Monkey gives a furious ROAR and rushes toward the creature.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: MONKEY! WAIT!
text: Kubo suddenly steps out of the darkness right in front of
text: her, hands raised, causing her to stop in her tracks.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: He wasn’t trying to hurt me. He
dialog: just wanted... Hanzo.
text: Kubo motions down to the beetle and it becomes clear the
text: creature was not crouching low to fight, but to get a better
text: look at Little Hanzo, there on the ground.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: Hanzo? Hanzo...
text: Monkey, still wild-eyed and catching her breath, glares from
text: Kubo to the creature.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I still think I am going to stab
dialog: him.
text: They watch as Beetle, utterly transfixed, reaches out a claw
text: to gently touch Hanzo Origami. The figure seems to like him,
text: strolling right on to his arm.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Why must you always assume the
dialog: worst?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Well, pardon me for misjudging this
text: giant, spiky, insect-monster that
dialog: just kidnapped you.
text: Kubo ignores her. He’s watching Beetle intently.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 37/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Hanzo! Yes! I remember him. I think
dialog: Maybe... he was my master!
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: What? What did you say?
text: For the first time, Beetle appears to register Kubo and
text: Monkey’s presence. He looks up at them, and there’s something
text: a little unhinged about his eyes.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: We had a crest! A samurai crest!
text: He suddenly leaps up and enthusiastically digs into the pile
text: of scavenged objects, pulling loose the fabric which he
text: flourishes in front of Kubo and Monkey. It’s a large samurai
text: war banner, emblazoned with the familiar beetle emblem.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you seen this crest before?
text: Wordlessly, Kubo turns to show Beetle the same crest on the
text: back of his robe. Beetle’s eyes light up with excitement.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
text: THIS IS A MIRACLE! YOU HAVE OUR
text: ROBES! YOU'RE WEARING OUR ROBES!
dialog: (suddenly suspicious)
dialog: Why are you wearing our robes?
text: Before Kubo can answer, Monkey interrupts.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: He doesn’t have to answer your
dialog: questions. Anyway, who are you?
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Many years ago I was cursed,
dialog: trapped in this cursed state.
dialog: Cursed to wander the Farlands.
dialog: Cursed! Or Cur-sed.
text: As Beetle talks, Kubo casts a curious eye over the scattered
text: objects. Many have the beetle crest on them. He admires a bow
text: and arrow leaning against the wall.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: No comrades. No master. Not even a
dialog: name or a single memory of the
dialog: noble warrior I once was.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: You used to be a man?
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 38/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Not just any man... a samurai! I
dialog: mean, I’m pretty certain. Look, I
dialog: have the stuff.
dialog: (trails off)
dialog: I mean, I’m either a samurai or a
dialog: really bad hoarder.
dialog: (rallies)
dialog: Either way, inside my thorax beats
dialog: the heart of a warrior!
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: (still suspicious)
dialog: If you have no memory, how can you
dialog: be certain of anything?
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Because I get... flashes. They come
dialog: about from objects I find on my
dialog: travels. Or sometimes it’s a sound.
dialog: Or a smell.
text: Monkey SNIFFS the air.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: (mutters )
dialog: You must get a lot of flashes.
text: Beetle looks sadly at Little Hanzo on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
text: But the memories, they fade, and
dialog: all I’m left with is the sense that
dialog: I was once part of something much
dialog: greater.
text: Kubo looks up at Beetle sympathetically, and then turns to
text: Monkey with a pleading face.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Monkey! Can I tell him?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I really don’t think that’s a good
dialog: idea...
scene_heading: RAPID CUTTING between Kubo and Monkey:
speaker_heading: KUBO MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: He has a right... Absolutely not!
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 39/92
speaker_heading: KUBO MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: But... No buts!
speaker_heading: KUBO MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I... No!
text: Kubo opens his mouth. Monkey holds up a finger.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: What? Tell me what?
text: Kubo turns very deliberately to face Beetle.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Hanzo was my father.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
speaker_heading: KUBO!
text: Beetle’s eyes are wide.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Ha! This is a miracle! I HAVE FOUND
text: THE SON OF MY MASTER!
text: Beetle scoops Kubo up into an ecstatic hug, dancing him
text: around in a circle, then goes to do the same with Monkey.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Don’t even.
text: He decides against it and goes and hugs Kubo again instead,
text: then abruptly drops to his knee in front of the boy.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Whatever brings you to these lands,
dialog: whatever your quest, it is now my
dialog: quest too. I will join you. I'1l
dialog: give my life for you if necessary!
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Wow. You will?
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: (nodding vigorously)
dialog: What? Do you think that’s possible?
dialog: I mean, I know how quests go.
dialog: People die all the time. They drop
dialog: like flies. But that doesn’t
dialog: matter, because I have a feeling
dialog: this... is my destiny!
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 40/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: No it isn’t! We can’t trust
dialog: anything you say, because you can’t
dialog: trust anything you say! We don’t
dialog: know anything about you!
text: Kubo plucks a few notes on his shamisen and a paper bird
text: flies in between Monkey and Beetle to get their attention.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Monkey, you said it yourself, our
dialog: quest is a difficult one. A
dialog: samurai, even a cursed one with no
dialog: memory that looks like a bug, could
dialog: be helpful.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Yes, I am certain I could be
dialog: helpful! Indispensable!
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: In what way?!
text: Snatching up his bow & arrow, Beetle suddenly launches an
text: arrow into the wall.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
text: Firing an arrow into a wall is
dialog: hardly what I’d call...
text: Beetle fires four more arrows rapidly, splitting the first
text: down the middle.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: ..-Impressive.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Oh, look at that. Literally the
dialog: first time I’ve ever done it.
text: He drops to his knee in front of Kubo, all earnest.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just tell me of our quest, and I
dialog: will quickly demonstrate my
dialog: numerous... “indispensabilities.”
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Well, that’s kind of a long story.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: You've got my attention. I promise
dialog: I won't even blink.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 41/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I actually don’t even think I can
dialog: blink. Do I have eyelids?
text: Monkey rolls her eyes and takes a breath, knowing she isn’t
dialog: going to win this one.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Fine. Walk and talk. Hanzo has
dialog: found a path.
text: She gestures at the little origami guide, who has positioned
text: himself further along the tunnel and is pointing the way with
text: his sword.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND TUNNELS, DEAD END
text: As they make their way through the labyrinthine tunnels, we
text: catch up on the end of Kubo’s story. Beetle is obviously
text: enjoying what he’s hearing. Monkey, less so.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: So you used to be a toy monkey?!
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Kubo, I really don’t see how this
text: part is important to the story.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Yes! I kept her in my pocket. She
dialog: was only, like, this big...
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Kubo, that’s enough.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Tiny. And she was called Mr.
dialog: Monkey.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: (sulky)
dialog: I wasn’t a toy, I was a charm.
text: Beetle barks out a LAUGH.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Of course you were.
text: Suddenly, Little Hanzo leaps from Kubo’s shoulder, runs ahead
text: to a bend in the tunnel and slips through a crack in the
dialog: wall.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 42/92
text: Beetle breaks through the wall to follow him, but as they
text: round the corner a horrifying monument is revealed: a giant
text: and grotesque relief carved into the rock wall. It’s a dead
text: end, but Hanzo continues to point steadfastly ahead.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, that doesn’t look good.
text: Kubo approaches the wall, squinting his eye. Beetle is close
text: behind him, but Monkey holds back.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Don’t touch anything!
text: But Beetle is already running his hand over the rock, and
text: beside him Kubo is prodding his finger into the conspicuous
text: empty eyehole of one of the carved creatures.
text: There’s an ominous CLICK.
text: Beetle and Kubo turn to Monkey, guilt written all over their
text: faces. Beetle points at Kubo.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: He did it.
text: And then the floor falls away beneath them and they plummet
text: into darkness.
speaker_heading: (2100 ODO) ODOKURO
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF BONES - CONTINUOUS
text: In a confusion of limbs and SCREAMS they hit solid ground.
text: A beat, and then Kubo and Monkey slowly begin to extricate
text: themselves from a heap on the ground.
text: Kubo hears a series of GRUNTS behind him. Beetle is lying on
text: his back, rocking back and forth on his carapace like a
text: stranded turtle in a futile effort to get back on his feet.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Okay...
text: Monkey SIGHS and walks away, leaving Kubo to offer a helping
text: hand. Beetle waves him away.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: No, no, no!
text: He rocks back and forth a few more times. He’d be red in the
dialog: face if he wasn’t already.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 43/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes. *
text: Kubo reaches over and helps him up.
speaker_heading: MONKEY *
dialog: Kubo, look! *
text: They catch up with Monkey and the three take in their
dialog: surroundings --
text: The chamber is vast, with a shadowy vaulted ceiling above and
text: a floor covered in a wall to wall carpet of enormous bleached
text: bones. Tibias, fibulas, ulnas, all piled on top of each other
text: in a tangled heap. Whatever creature they belonged to was
text: huge. In the center of the chamber, glowing balefully under a
text: shaft of light, is a giant disembodied skeletal hand, and on
text: its palm rests a beautiful golden sword.
dialog: %
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: The Sword Unbreakable!
text: Kubo steps forward towards the hand, but Monkey reaches out *
text: and holds him back. *
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: It could be a trap.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Allow me. *
text: Kubo backs away as Beetle scuttles toward the hand.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: (hisses)
dialog: What? It’s not a trap if you do
dialog: it?!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Stealth is my middle name. *
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You don’t even have a first name!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Don’t worry! I got this!
text: Reaching the hand he carefully reaches across the bony palm, *
text: and with an impressive amount of dexterity manages to grasp
text: the sword’s hilt.
text: He raises the sword triumphantly and turns to Kubo.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 44/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ha, ha, ha, HA! The mighty Beetle *
dialog: is victorious! *
text: Almost instantly, the fingers of the hand start to move and *
dialog: close. *
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: AH! *
text: An eerie CLICKING sound echoes through the chamber as the
text: ground beneath Beetle’s feet begins to shake. The bones are
text: twisting and jittering of their own accord and rising up. *
text: Monkey and Kubo hop around trying to retain their balance as
text: the bones lurch and dance under them. *
text: Beetle hurries back to his companions, who are staring up
text: over his shoulder into the shadows of the ceiling. Two fires
text: are floating high above them... the burning eyes of a giant
text: skull, peering down as the other bones lock together and
text: begin to form a horrifying skeletal body, many storeys high.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t got this....I don’t got
dialog: this...
text: Fully formed, the Odokuro comes to life with a bloodcurdling
text: SHRIEK, and turns his attention to the three trespassers.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Oh, for crying out loud. *
text: She snatches the sword from Beetle, and rushes forward.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
text: I INVOKE THE SWORD UNBREAKABLE!
text: Monkey leaps, bringing the sword down across the Odokuro’s
text: leg in an impressive slashing movement, but the blade of the
text: “unbreakable” sword shatters into a thousand pieces.
text: Monkey lands stunned, staring at the empty hilt.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: It broke. *
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: So does it just mean the handle, *
dialog: or..? I’m a little disappointed *
dialog: with the magic sword... *
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 45/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: It’s not the right sword, you
dialog: idiot!
text: Poking out of Kubo’s bag right beside his ear, Little Hanzo
text: points his sword up to the top of the Odokuro’s skull.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Look!
text: Kubo points, as the Odokuro SCREAMS and the flames in his
text: eyes explode with fury, fully illuminating his head. For the
text: first time, everyone sees his ghoulish crown: dozens of
text: swords lodged Excalibur-style in his skull.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: The Sword! It’s in his head. Hey!
dialog: I’ve got a bone to pick with you!
dialog: (To Monkey)
dialog: You see, because he’s made of
dialog: bones.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You’re an embarrassment.
text: Beetle lets loose a stream of arrows, one after the other,
text: but they bounce harmlessly off its bones or just fly straight
text: through the gaps.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Uh. This is problematic.
text: Odokuro’s outstretched hand reaches down and scoops Monkey up
text: into the air.
text: Beetle unleashes another volley of arrows. They zip past
text: Monkey's head as she is lifted higher.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Enough with the arrows!
text: Monkey grabs at swords from the Odokuro’s skull and smashes
text: them against the hand that is holding her. Each sword
text: shatters on impact.
text: Odokuro dangles Monkey over his awful maw, SCREAMING in
text: triumph, but before he can swallow her there’s another sound.
text: A melodic BIRD SONG, like we heard earlier, and it signals an
text: entire flock of paper birds, fluttering out of the shadows
text: and circling Odokuro’s head in an angry squall.
text: Below on the temple floor, Kubo plays his shamisen for all he
text: is worth, maneuvering the origami assault while Beetle
text: watches on in disbelief.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 46/92
text: Odokuro stomps its giant feet down, narrowly missing Kubo.
text: Beetle draws back his bow and challenges the creature.
text: The paper birds dive and swoop and Odokuro SHRIEKS with
text: frustration, swiping and swatting at them.
text: Odokuro waves his arms, swatting birds out of the air. He
text: flails madly, dancing back and forth across the temple floor.
text: Kubo is in danger of being crushed by Odokuro’s stomping
text: feet, but Beetle throws himself through the air, covering
text: Kubo as the Odokuro’s foot comes down.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Oh, foot!
text: A beat, and then both Beetle and Kubo realize they’re
text: hovering a few feet above the floor. They are stunned to see
text: a pair of wings BUZZING out from beneath Beetle’s shell.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: You can fly?!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Apparently, yes!
text: Beetle is no less surprised but doesn’t waste any time. With
text: a quick flex of his new wing muscles, he rockets them further
text: up into the air, careening wildly towards the beast.
text: Monkey watches, dumbfounded, as they crash upon the skull
text: beside her.
text: Odokuro ROARS in outrage, as Kubo and Beetle pull at the
text: remaining swords, frantically trying to find the real deal.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you sure it isn’t the Sword
dialog: Unfindable?
text: Beetle’s hand grabs a hilt that will not budge. He gives it a
text: tug, but the blade is stuck tight.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I found it!
text: He pulls at it again. And again. With increasing effort. He
text: turns over his shoulder and YELLS, his voice cracking.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
text: A HAND HERE!?! ANYONE! ?
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 47/92
text: And suddenly Odokuro’s skeletal hand obliges, snatching him
text: up in its bony fingers, leaving Kubo alone upon the
text: creature’s skull.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah! That’s not what I meant.
text: Odokuro gleefully squeezes Beetle and Monkey in each hand,
text: giving a victorious HOWL as it lifts them towards its opening
dialog: mouth.
text: Kubo reaches for the sword but is thrown into the air by the
text: Odokuro’s movements.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Kubo!
text: As Kubo is flying through the air, an arrow zips by and pins
text: his robe to the wall, saving him from the fall.
text: Kubo’s robe starts to rip and he begins to fall again. Monkey
text: frees herself from the beast’s grip and races up the skeleton
text: to save Kubo. Just before she gets to him, the Odokuro’s hand
text: grabs her again.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Kubo!
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Monkey!
text: Kubo’s robe rips fully and he falls towards the ground far
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Kubo!
text: Kubo falls and lands on the Odokuro’s skull. He begins
text: smashing every hilt lodged in the skull until he finds the
text: Sword Unbreakable and gives it a hard pull, finally yanking
dialog: it free.
text: Odokuro suddenly stops in his tracks, looking confused. Both
text: Monkey and Beetle look up and see Kubo standing victorious,
text: the Sword Unbreakable in his hand.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank goodness that’s over.
text: The Odokuro begins coming apart, bone by bone, as if the
text: sword was the linchpin that was holding it all together!
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: a
dialog: %
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 48/92
text: Kubo’s smile of satisfaction quickly fades as he realizes the
text: monster is literally crumbling beneath his feet, and he’s a
dialog: really long way up...
text: In a rain of broken bones that CRASH to the ground, our
text: heroes topple helplessly down.
scene_heading: (2200 ATS) ARGUMENT ON THE SHORE
scene_heading: EXT. THE LONG LAKE SHORE - DAY
text: Beetle, carrying Monkey and Kubo, flies out of the Hall of
text: Bones and crash lands on the beach below.
text: Beetle lies on his side as Monkey squats behind him, slapping
text: mud and leaves onto his wounded wings as a bandage. Little
text: Hanzo sits on the horned crest of his helmet, swaying every
text: time Beetle winces.
text: They are on the shore of a vast lake that stretches so far
text: into the distance that it’s hard to pick out the horizon from
text: the sky. All around, great barnacle-encrusted driftwood
text: wrecks tell tales of feckless fishermen dashed against the
dialog: rocks.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Everything...turning...black...
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Then open your eyes.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Uh oh. I can’t feel my wings.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You didn’t even know you had them
dialog: five minutes ago. Stop wriggling.
dialog: There... is that feeling better?
text: Beetle squirms under her touch, like she’s giving hima
dialog: massage.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Yeah, a little to the left. Down
dialog: just a bit. Right there. That's
dialog: good.
text: A surprising thought dawns on him.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're being nice to me.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 49/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Shh. Don’t tell anyone.
text: Seeing Beetle is awake, Kubo runs excitedly along the water’s
text: edge, waving the Sword Unbreakable above his head and
text: shouting.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: We did it, Beetle! We got the
dialog: sword!
text: Monkey eyes him sidelong as she finishes dressing Beetle’s
dialog: wounds.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Put that down, it’s sharp.
text: Kubo makes a face behind her back and kicks his feet through
text: the loose pebbles at the water’s edge.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. We’re done here. Get up.
text: She slaps Beetle gently on the back and he winces with pain.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: We have a lot of walking to do.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: You can’t be serious.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I'm always serious.
text: Kubo GROANS.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Are you two going to fight again?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Of course not! We just need to have
text: a grown-up conversation.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: You're going to fight again.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Kubo, just go over there and...
dialog: uh... play with something.
text: Kubo picks up the Sword Unbreakable.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Not that.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 50/92
text: He grabs his shamisen instead and stomps away, sitting down
text: upon a rock where he PLUCKS moodily at the strings.
text: Beetle turns back to Monkey and HISSES quietly.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Monkey, this is the Long Lake. We
dialog: can’t walk around it! We need to
dialog: swim across. I can carry Kubo...
text: Monkey cuts him off.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: “Carry Kubo”?! That’s your better
dialog: idea? Look, I appreciate your help,
dialog: I really do, but when it comes to
dialog: the boy, I know what’s best.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: And what’s best is to not be
text: fielding ideas from a talking
text: cockroach.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: This coming from the talking
dialog: monkey.
speaker_heading: KUBO (0.S.)
dialog: I can still hear you, y’know.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Then play louder.
text: Kubo scowls. His fingers dance across the strings. Unseen by
text: Monkey and Beetle, some of the scattered leaves and twigs
text: begin to wobble and shift and rise off the ground.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
text: This conversation is over. Monkeys
dialog: don’t swim.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Not to worry. Monkey see, monkey
dialog: do!
text: Monkey GROWLS, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: How long have you been waiting to
dialog: say that?
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 51/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE (ALT)
dialog: Ever since I met you. What were we
dialog: ‘grown-up conversation’-ing about?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You're ridiculous, you're just
dialog: absolutely ridiculous. Ridiculous!
dialog: Crossing the lake is a ridiculous
dialog: idea. It’s not your fault...
dialog: there’s no sense left in your head.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: (frowns )
dialog: I think I resent that.
dialog: (an afterthought)
dialog: And I may not know everything...
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Anything. But I do know Kubo is
dialog: more capable than you think he is!
dialog: You're being a tiny bit
dialog: overprotective here.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I’m being a lot overprotective
dialog: here. It’s my job to make sure Kubo
dialog: is safe. And that...
dialog: (points to the lake)
dialog: -..-is not safe. You...
dialog: (points at Beetle)
dialog: ++. are not safe!
text: Bigger pieces of debris are shifting now. Hunks of rotten
text: driftwood and uprooted bushes. They float and twist behind
text: Monkey's back toward Kubo as he continues playing.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Kubo is just a child!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: And an incredibly gifted one! He
dialog: just saved our lives!
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Yes, he is very powerful, but he
dialog: still has much to learn!
text: Monkey stops. Beetle is staring over her shoulder with his
text: mouth open.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 52/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: WHAT?
text: She turns around to see what he’s looking at.
text: Drifting out from the shallows behind the rocks is a huge and
text: magnificent “origami” boat, created entirely out of magically
dialog: beach combed detritus!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Fast learner.
text: He nudges Monkey, whose jaw is also hanging open.
text: Hanzo Origami eyes the boat up and down, then gives his seal
text: of approval by confidently pointing his sword at the deck.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Kubo)
dialog: Did you know you could do that?
text: Kubo thinks for a beat. Then, he plucks a final note and a
text: massive sail woven from leaves and grass suddenly unfurls,
text: billowing in the morning breeze.
text: Monkey looks at Kubo. She’s not smiling exactly, but there’s
text: a hint of pride.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Show off.
text: One by one our heroes hop aboard the great boat.
text: And as the sun rises higher in the sky, the boat sails away
text: across the water.
speaker_heading: (2300 KUB) KUBO’S BOAT
scene_heading: EXT. KUBO’S SAIL BOAT - THE LONG LAKE - AFTERNOON
dialog: We can tell our heroes have been sailing for some time now.
text: The boat is a tiny speck on the vast lake.
text: Beetle and Kubo stand near the side of the boat. Beetle is
text: leaning over Kubo’s diminutive shoulders, helping him draw
text: back his bow and take aim.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Okay now, take a deep breath. Clear
dialog: your mind... guess I got that part
dialog: covered.
text: He throws Kubo a wink. Kubo grins.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 53/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now draw back slowly. That’s it.
dialog: Now close one eye... guess you’ve
dialog: got that part covered...
text: Kubo GIGGLES and gives Beetle a mock shove with his elbow.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Concentrate on what is directly in
dialog: front of you and let everything
dialog: else fall away... aaand...
dialog: release!
text: ANGLE ON a fish swimming just under the surface of the water
text: as it is suddenly speared by one of Beetle’s arrows.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Perfect shot! Perfect shot! *
text: Monkey knuckles up behind Beetle and sits down, smirking.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Not bad. And what’s your plan for
dialog: getting the fish into the boat so
dialog: we can actually eat it?
text: We see the fish float past camera, then sink into the water.
text: Beetle looks a little deflated but rallies with his typical
text: bravura.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Well, I said I was teaching him how *
dialog: to shoot, not fish. Fishing is, uh, *
dialog: tomorrow's lesson. *
text: Still smirking, Monkey swipes another arrow out of his hand.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Give me that.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Woah, grabby Monkey. *
text: Monkey reaches into Kubo’s pack pulling out a length of rope
text: which she ties to the arrow, grinning slyly and clearly
text: enjoying herself.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Now try it.
text: Beetle takes the arrow off her, then reaches around to help
text: Kubo draw back the bow.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 54/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Okay, now pull back and...
text: Zip! Bullseye! Another fish harpooned. Kubo and Beetle both
text: let out a CHEER.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Monkey)
dialog: The rope was a pretty good idea!
text: The rope on the arrow tightens and Beetle yanks the fish into
dialog: the boat.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: And you’re not an awful shot.
text: Kubo eyes the two of them, smirking.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Okay, now you two are being weird.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT DECK-MINUTES LATER
text: Beetle and Kubo drop their haul of fish onto the deck. Beetle
text: starts looking around, like he’s trying to find something.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: We’re gonna need something to cut
dialog: this wi--
text: There’s a SWISH of air and the fish is transformed into
text: perfectly cut sashimi.
text: Beetle and Kubo stare at Monkey. She shrugs.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Sword Unbreakable.
text: They all sit down together. It’s a nice, quiet, gentle
text: moment. Our three heroes, eating under the sun. Kubo sits
text: right between Beetle and Monkey, but he isn’t really eating.
text: Beetle, on the other hand, is stuffing his face. Hanzo
text: Origami stands on his lap, using his tiny paper sword to
text: lance chunks of fish from a makeshift plate and toss them up
text: into Beetle’s open mouth.
text: Monkey watches sourly.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Must you play with your food?
text: She grimaces as Beetle replies with a full mouth.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 55/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Yes.
text: He notices Kubo looking at them with an odd look on his face.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s the matter, Kubo? You act
dialog: like you've never had a meal
text: sitting between a monkey and a
dialog: beetle before.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I’ve never had a meal sitting
dialog: between anyone before.
text: Monkey’s face softens.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Come on. Eat. You need energy. And
dialog: this is much better than whale
dialog: soup.
text: Kubo smiles. Takes a bite of food. Beetle chews thoughtfully
text: as he stares at Kubo now, clearly thinking about his comment.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Kubo, question: before you started
dialog: on your heroic quest, what were you
dialog: like?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Well, I looked after my mother,
dialog: mostly. And I told stories. About
dialog: mighty warriors seeking revenge,
dialog: with battles and monsters and
dialog: magic. I was pretty good at telling
dialog: them. Not so good at ending them.
text: There’s silence for a moment and Kubo seems lost in
dialog: recollection.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes I would tell my mother
dialog: stories about little things. Like
text: skimming rocks across the river. Or
text: catching fireflies in the mulberry
dialog: fields.
text: Both Monkey and Beetle have stopped eating and listen
text: intently as Kubo goes on, his voice quieter.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 56/92
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: And when I told those stories I
text: could see her eyes were mostly
text: clear. I could tell she saw me,
dialog: really saw me. And I could see her
text: too. Her real self. Her spirit.
text: Trying to find its way out. It was
dialog: beautiful.
text: Monkey & Beetle look at each other, not quite sure how to
text: respond to this. Finally, it is Beetle who offers...
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: You know something, Kubo? Back when
dialog: you just told stories...Before you
dialog: went on this great adventure, you
dialog: were still very much a hero.
text: Kubo looks up at Beetle, liking the sound of that. Monkey
text: does too. She gives Beetle an approving nod.
text: They go back to eating. Sitting a bit closer together now. We
text: hold on the moment, savoring it, until...
text: ...it’s interrupted by the distant sound of THUNDER.
text: Monkey turns sharply and leaps onto the mast. She clambers to
text: the top where she sits like a silent sentinel.
text: Mountainous thunderclouds roll across the distant horizon; a
text: black smudge beneath a vast fiery sky. A storm is coming and
text: the sun is sinking into the ocean.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: We're going to have to head for
dialog: shore. Find a hiding place. And...
text: Monkey has now switched focus to the bow of the ship.
text: Monkey drops down to the deck as Kubo and Beetle turn to see
text: Hanzo Origami standing on the very end of the ship pointing
text: into the dark waters.
text: Kubo and Beetle walk towards Hanzo.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: The second piece of armor!
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: The breastplate - it’s down there?
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Okay, I got it.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 57/92
text: Immediately, Beetle turns, about to leap into the ocean.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Beetle, wait!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Don’t worry, beetles can hold their
text: breath underwater for a very long
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: What?! Since when? *
speaker_heading: BEETLE *
dialog: It’s a well known fact, Monkey. *
speaker_heading: MONKEY *
dialog: You don’t remember anything at all,
dialog: but beetles swimming... that’s what
dialog: sticks in there? *
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: No, Beetle. My mother told me a *
dialog: story about the Long Lake. There’s *
text: something under the water. *
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Oh, yeah? What kind of something?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: She said there was a Garden of
dialog: Eyes. Eyes that stare into you.
dialog: Into your soul. They show you
dialog: secrets, things to keep you down
dialog: there with them... forever!
text: Beetle and Monkey stare at him a moment. Beetle resumes his
text: swagger, a little hesitantly.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Okay. Well, I won’t look directly
dialog: into anyone’s eyes. Even if I’m
dialog: being incredibly sincere.
text: Before he leaps in, he looks at Monkey and winks.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re gonna miss me, Monkey. *
text: And then he’s gone, disappearing under the waves with a
speaker_heading: SPLASH. *
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 58/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Be careful.
scene_heading: (2350 HSU) HUNTERS SPLIT UP
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW-COVERED TERRAIN - DUSK
text: A tiny fragment of cloth flutters in the wind, obscured by a *
text: squall of snow. We ANGLE DOWN to follow its erratic path, *
dialog: revealing where we are --
text: It’s the same spot where Kubo and Monkey first crash-landed.
text: The scrap of cloth is abruptly speared by a metal spike
text: attached to a long chain. At the other end of it are the
text: sisters, drifting through the blizzard.
text: A Sister winds in the scrap of Kubo’s robe and nods.
speaker_heading: SISTER 1
text: He’s searching for the armor. Just *
text: like his insolent father.
speaker_heading: SISTER 2
dialog: Yes, sister. Then we must ensure he
text: does not find what remains.
text: They nod to each other and turn away, lifting off into the
text: shadows in opposite directions.
scene_heading: (2400 ABB) ABOVE/BELOW
scene_heading: EXT. KUBO’S SAIL BOAT - THE LONG LAKE - NIGHT
text: Rain is pouring down now, building into a full blown storm.
text: Kubo stares down at the water while Monkey stares up at the
text: moon, barely visible behind the RUMBLING clouds. Both are
text: clearly concerned.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: (shouting)
text: MONKEY, I THINK HE’S IN TROUBLE. WE *
text: SHOULD HELP HIM. *
text: Monkey stares upwards as lightning CRACKLES far above them.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
text: KUBO, YOUR AUNTS ARE STILL OUT
text: THERE. I’M SORRY, BUT WE HAVE TO *
text: HEAD FOR SHORE.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 59/92
text: There’s a SPLASH of water behind her, and when she turns
text: around Kubo has vanished.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Kubo!
text: Monkey grabs the Sword Unbreakable, then she too moves to
text: dive off the boat.
text: As she jumps something snags her ankle and yanks her
text: violently back across the deck. Her leg is ensnared in a
text: chain, and a flash of lightning reveals the grim silhouette
text: of a masked Sister, holding the other end of it as she floats
text: above the boat.
text: The Sister stares down at Monkey, her WHISPERS inexplicably
text: audible over the sounds of the storm.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Look at this. I come fishing and
dialog: all I reel in is a stinking ape.
text: She glides closer.
speaker_heading: SISTER (CONT'D)
dialog: How pathetic that this filthy
dialog: creature is all that’s left of my
dialog: sister’s magic.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: This filthy creature will tear you
dialog: apart!
text: She suddenly springs forward, attacking with the Sword
dialog: Unbreakable.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Kubo swims through columns of kelp and schools of flitting
text: fish. They scatter as lightning FLASHES far above.
text: An unnatural light, glowing between the inky strands, beckons
dialog: Kubo deeper.
text: He pushes his way through the kelp and there, suspended in
text: the sea, is the second piece of armor! A golden, shimmering
text: breastplate, unmoved by the current; a white hot beacon in
text: the black abyss.
text: Kubo swims faster, reaching out for the breastplate. He then
text: slides his body into it, the armor magically shrinking to fit
dialog: him.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
dialog: a
dialog: %
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 60/92
text: He turns to swim back to the surface, but as he does, a
text: second, more sinister glow glints off the breastplate.
text: It’s a giant, luminous eye atop a serpentine stalk that
text: undulates with a thousand legs.
text: Before he can stop himself, Kubo is staring directly into it.
text: His eye widens. His limbs fall limp by his side. He is
text: transfixed.
text: The sea creature’s body slithers closer and its dreadful arms
text: open to embrace him.
speaker_heading: WATER'S SURFACE
text: The storm RAGES. As does the battle on the boat between
text: Monkey and the Sister. Lightning and THUNDER tear apart the
text: sky as Monkey dodges blow after blow of The Sister’s terrible
dialog: chain.
text: Beneath their feet the boat’s deck is beginning to crack and
text: unfold, the magic binding it together starting to fade.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Kubo!
text: The Sister’s chain flies out and wraps around Monkey. The
text: Sister reels her in.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: I have crushed creatures who could
dialog: fit this world on their fingernail.
dialog: This victory brings me no honor.
text: As the Sister moves to strike, Monkey kicks her and frees
text: herself from the chain.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Imagine how you’re going to feel
dialog: when you lose.
text: Monkey “parkours” herself onto the mast, flipping over the
text: Sister’s head and landing right beside the Sword Unbreakable.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: I felt loss only once.
text: Monkey grabs the Sword and immediately launches into a
text: frenzied assault of her own.
speaker_heading: SISTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Eleven years ago, I lost my sister.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: +e HF
dialog: %
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 61/92
text: The Sister is now the one dodging the blows, desperately
text: trying to regain the offensive.
speaker_heading: SISTER (CONT'D)
text: She fell in love with a fool and
dialog: betrayed our father.
text: They remain locked in combat, the boat’s slow disintegration
text: forcing them to become increasingly acrobatic.
speaker_heading: SISTER (CONT'D)
dialog: She was an ungrateful coward!
text: Monkey moves to strike a death blow, but the Sister suddenly
text: vanishes into the darkness of the torrential rain.
text: Monkey turns on the spot, surrounded by echoing GIGGLES, as
text: lightning flashes reveal strobing glimpses of the Sister
text: through the whipping sails.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Who’s the coward now?
text: The Sister’s familiar porcelain mask slowly rises into frame
text: directly behind Monkey...
text: The Sister lunges at her with a ROAR. Monkey pivots and
text: raises her sword but as she parries one piece of the broken
text: chain, the other coils around her body and drives her into
dialog: the deck.
text: Beetle emerges from the water, triumphantly holding an arrow
text: above his head. It’s the one with the fish impaled upon it.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: I got it! I got it.
text: Monkey and the Sister look up as Beetle clambers onto the
text: deck, proudly wielding his skewered fish.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Beetle! What happened? Where’s
dialog: Kubo?
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Ummm... .
text: The Sister takes advantage of Monkey’s distraction and
text: attacks. The sword is flung from Monkey’s hand and lodges in
text: the side of the boat near Beetle with a TWANG.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: a
dialog: %
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 62/92
text: Beetle frowns, clearly confused. The Sister has turned her
text: attention to him, gliding across the deck. He casts aside the
text: arrow and pulls free the Sword Unbreakable, squaring his
text: shoulders and ready to fight.
text: The Sister attacks Beetle and disarms him before she is
text: lassoed by her own chain with Monkey wielding the other end.
text: Monkey furiously whips the Sister through the air, hitting
text: her against the mast.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Get back down there! He’s in
dialog: trouble!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: I got it.
text: Beetle takes one last, deep breath, and dives off the boat
text: back into the water.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: The Ningen drags Kubo down deeper and deeper into the water,
text: its eerie light illuminating Kubo’s face while indecipherable
text: WHISPERS chatter through the gloom. As they descend, the
text: light reveals a massive form beneath them; a giant mouth,
text: rimmed with thousands of razor sharp teeth, surrounded by
text: dozens more of those staring eyes.
text: WHISH! An arrow punctures the glowing eye, and the lake is
text: filled with SCREAMS as Beetle appears through the water. He
text: follows up with a volley of arrows, spearing one eyeball
dialog: after another.
text: Kubo is suddenly released from the Sea Creature’s grasp, and
text: blinks himself awake, but he’s out of air and fading fast.
text: With a last exhalation of bubbles, his eye rolls back in his
dialog: head.
text: Beetle sees this and swims towards Kubo.
scene_heading: EXT. KUBO’S SAIL BOAT - THE LONG LAKE - RAGING STORM
text: The boat is in shambles now, torn into little more than
text: stepping stones for Monkey and the Sister as they fight.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: It never fails to amaze me, how the
dialog: creatures down here fight so hard,
dialog: just to die another day.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: + eH
dialog: %
speaker_heading: 4 HHH HH OF
dialog: + eH
dialog: *
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 63/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Down here, there are days worth
dialog: fighting for.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: There is nothing down here worth
dialog: anything!
text: Monkey sees the Sword Unbreakable at the other end of the
text: boat and runs for it. Just as she reaches it, the Sister's
text: chain ensnares her. She continues to crawl towards the sword
text: and a thin trickle of blood begins to stain the white of her
dialog: fur.
speaker_heading: SISTER (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s pathetic what happened to my
text: sister. I looked up to her. She was
dialog: so strong. Love made her weak.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: No. It made me stronger.
text: Monkey takes advantage, and with a savage burst of strength
text: she springs into the air, and raises the Sword Unbreakable
dialog: for its killing blow...
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Beetle is just a few feet from the surface, dragging the
text: unconscious Kubo when he sees the Sister’s cracked mask sink
text: down past him, disappearing into the darkness of the water.
speaker_heading: WATER'S SURFACE
text: Beetle’s head breaks the surface, and he looks around to see
text: the scattered and fragmented remains of Kubo’s boat.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (0.S.)
dialog: OVER HERE!
text: Monkey is crouched on a floating chunk of boat, no more than
text: a few feet wide, waving her arms to get Beetle’s attention.
text: Beetle drags Kubo through the water over to Monkey and hauls
text: his limp body up onto the wreckage of the boat.
text: Monkey shakes him by the shoulders but he doesn’t stir.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: The eyes. It was the eyes! They had
text: him in a trance.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: +e HF FF *
dialog: %
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 64/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: No, no, No! Come on, come on, Kubo!
dialog: Wake up! Please wake up! Please,
dialog: please, wake up. It’s gonna be
dialog: alright. It’s gonna be alright. I’m
dialog: here. I’m right here.
text: Then, slowly but steadily, Beetle and Monkey notice the
text: pieces of the boat are beginning to reassemble around them.
text: Realizing what this means, they both look down at Kubo again.
text: He COUGHS weakly, his eye closed, and mutters as if caught in
text: a dream.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I saw...
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: What? What did you see?
text: Kubo opens his eye and looks directly up at Monkey.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I saw...Mother.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: My son.
text: Monkey just reaches down and pulls Kubo up into an enormous,
text: tearful hug.
text: Beetle watches this embrace with an almost comical level of
text: astonishment as the boat continues to fold back together, and
text: as that magnificent sail unfurls, once again...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (2500 SYS) MOTHER & HANZO’S STORY
scene_heading: EXT. THE LONG LAKE SHORE - NIGHT
text: The storm has finally come to an end as Kubo’s boat calmly
text: reaches the shore of the Long Lake.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (0.S.)
dialog: So you must look more like your dad
dialog: then?
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: %
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 65/92
scene_heading: INT. CAVE THAT REMINDS US OF HOME - NIGHT
text: Kubo, and Beetle sit around a campfire, their attention is
text: fixed on Monkey as she fusses around the cave, trying to
dialog: avoid eye contact.
text: After a while the weight of their collective gaze provokes a *
dialog: response.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: You're staring. Let me guess. You *
dialog: have questions. *
text: Monkey SIGHS and stops what she’s doing. Kubo and Beetle nod *
text: their heads in unison.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Why- *
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: I'll start. First question, if I’m *
dialog: Beetle, and you’re Monkey, why
dialog: isn’t he called “Boy”?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Oh boy. Questions can wait. We need
dialog: sleep.
text: Monkey spots Kubo’s eye on her and for a moment she holds his
text: gaze. She smiles, but it is tinged with sadness, as though
text: she would like to explain further but can’t find the words.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Tell us your story. Then we can
dialog: sleep. Please?
text: Hearing this last word, Monkey hesitates. She smiles and *
text: relents, shaking her head in defeat as she knuckles closer.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Okay. Perhaps you can help me...
text: She takes Kubo’s shamisen from beside his bag and slides it
text: across the ground toward him. He picks it up, and plucks a
dialog: couple of notes.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D) *
dialog: The night I met your father...
text: She hesitates.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Mother?
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 66/92
text: Monkey takes a deep, solemn BREATH.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: My sisters and I went to the Temple
dialog: of Bones to kill Hanzo.
text: A moment of stunned silence. Kubo is still staring, in shock,
text: bachi pick poised upon the shamisen strings. Monkey raises
text: her eyebrows at him and clears her throat.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Oh. Right.
text: He begins plucking the shamisen strings again, and a delicate
text: tune begins to play.
text: Immediately all around the cave, pebbles and twigs and fish
text: bones and stalactites all begin to tremble and move. Just
text: like when the sail boat formed, they dance and weave through
text: the air to illustrate her story, becoming a kind of makeshift
text: planetarium depicting the night sky.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: At the bidding of the Moon King, my
dialog: sisters and I had come down from
dialog: the night sky and killed many noble
dialog: warriors. Your grandfather told us
dialog: that any man who found the magical
dialog: armor would grow too powerful and
dialog: be a threat to the heavens.
dialog: That night I arrived at the Temple
dialog: before my sisters. And there he
dialog: was. The mighty Hanzo.
text: The objects of the cave form an elaborate tableau of Hanzo
text: first meeting Mother in the Temple of Bones.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: “You have offended my father,” I
dialog: told him. “Now you must die.”
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Yeah, that’s so you.
text: Kubo nudges him with his elbow.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Beetle! Shhh!
text: The tableau Hanzo faces Mother, sword drawn. She falls upon
text: him with her own sword, robe and hair writhing about her.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 67/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: We fought. Hanzo was strong. But
dialog: then he stopped. He looked into my
text: eyes and uttered four simple words.
dialog: These words changed everything.
text: A breathless beat.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: “I love you... Monkey?”
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: “You are my quest,” he whispered. I
dialog: had seen the wonders of the
dialog: universe, but the warmth of his
text: gaze as I looked into his eyes...
dialog: That I had never known. It was his
dialog: humanity I saw. And it was more
dialog: powerful than anything in my cold
dialog: realm!
text: Hanzo and Mother dance, holding each other closely.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: In recognizing his compassion I
dialog: recognized my own. I spared his
dialog: life. He gave me mine.
text: Kubo stares at the new tableau that has formed: Mother &
text: Hanzo holding baby Kubo in their arms.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: And then he gave me you.
text: Meanwhile, baby Kubo smiles happily, blinking both his bright
text: eyes. Whatever happened to his eye, hasn’t gone down yet.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: But your Grandfather found us.
text: The Origami family falls lifeless into Monkey’s hand.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: His rage at my betrayal shook the
dialog: heavens.
text: And then the floating debris suddenly stops in place, rolling
text: gently in the air a beat before unraveling and falling
text: lifeless to the cave floor. Kubo has stopped playing the
dialog: shamisen.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
dialog: + eH
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 68/92
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Your father and his army gave their
dialog: lives, allowing me to escape with
dialog: you in my arms.
dialog: + eH
dialog: *
text: Kubo looks at the shredded paper in front of him.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Why does Grandfather hate me?
text: Monkey strokes her hand through his hair.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Oh, Kubo. He doesn’t hate you. He *
dialog: wants to make you just like him.
dialog: Blind to humanity, as I once was.
dialog: Only then can you take your place
text: beside him as part of his family...
text: cold and hard and “perfect”.
text: Kubo closes his eye tight.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I’ll never be like him! Never! *
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I know.
text: They sit in silence and, after a moment, Monkey realizes he
text: has fallen asleep in the safety of her arms.
text: She rises and carries him over to a corner where she uses his
text: robes to tenderly tuck him in.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
text: He’s exhausted.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I’m not tucking you in.
text: Beetle smiles as Monkey pads back over to the fire. He
text: notices the blood staining her fur and her pained expression
text: as she sits.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: You're hurt.
text: He reaches out to her.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Just a scratch.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 69/92
text: She slaps his hand away, but there’s no malice in it.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Monkey? Why didn’t you tell him
dialog: sooner... who you really are?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: The magic that keeps me here...
dialog: it’s fading. Soon I'll be gone, and
dialog: then Kubo will be alone again.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
text: Not alone. He is the son of Hanzo.
dialog: I will do everything I can to keep
dialog: him from harm.
dialog: Monkey appreciates this.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Thank you, Beetle. To know Kubo has
dialog: someone to watch over him when I’m
dialog: gone. That would be a fine way to
dialog: end my story.
dialog: Beetle considers this.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Your story will never end.
text: Monkey is surprised and a little moved by his sentiment. He
text: looks over at Kubo as he continues.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: It will be told by him. And by the
dialog: people he shares it with. And by
dialog: the people they share it with. And
text: by the people they share it with.
dialog: And by the people they share it
dialog: with...
text: It’s starting to get a little awkward.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Beetle...
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: The point is, your story will live
text: on. In him.
text: And Monkey really likes the sound of that. She smiles.
text: Kubo lies in the corner of the cave on his side, sleeping
text: soundly.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 70/92
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: Kubo’s eye blinks open.
speaker_heading: (2600 KUD) KUBO’S DREAM
scene_heading: EXT. TWISTED RIVER - CONTINUOUS
text: Kubo is lying in long grass beside a river similar to the one
text: at the cemetery near his home. Somewhere close by, the
text: plucked notes of a shamisen are playing a BEAUTIFUL SONG.
text: Kubo sits up and looks around and sees a figure next to him.
text: It appears to be a sweet old man with a smile on his face. He
text: plays a shamisen.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Hello, my young friend. Why don’t
dialog: you join in my song?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: But how did you..? You're...
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Even blinder than you?
text: The old man smiles to let Kubo know he is being light-
dialog: hearted. Never one to back down, Kubo adds...
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Twice as much. To be precise.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Which means I see double the truth.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: This is all a dream.
dialog: (wary)
dialog: Is this a good dream or a bad one?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: See for yourself.
text: The man gestures across the river, which has suddenly
text: expanded into a giant moat, beyond which a majestic stone
text: fortress rises out of the mist.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: My father’s fortress.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 71/92
text: The tableau continues to shift before Kubo’s eye, dissolving
text: into rows of SAMURAI wearing the beetle crest on their armor,
text: standing frozen like statues. They are guarding a dazzling
text: golden helmet, floating in the air.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: The last piece of armor! It’s here?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Follow the setting sun and you’1ll
dialog: find it. In the place that might
dialog: have been your home. Claim your
dialog: birthright, Kubo! Give this
dialog: story... a happy ending!
text: And with that, the old man plucks a single VERY LOUD NOTE --
scene_heading: INT. CAVE THAT REMINDS US OF HOME —- DAWN
text: Kubo sits up, wearing a look of epiphany on his face. He
text: turns to look at his companions.
text: He rushes over to shake Monkey awake. Then a groggy Beetle.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Mother! Beetle! Wake up!
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I’m up. I’m up.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: (groaning)
dialog: I’m down.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: (to Beetle)
dialog: Ugh. Get off.
text: Beetle stretches, a pained expression on his face.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: I think I slept on something...
text: He reaches down and pulls out the sheathed Sword.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: “Sword Uncomfortable”.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: The Helmet. I know where it is. I
dialog: saw it in a dream, Beetle!
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 72/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: A dream? Well that doesn’t mean
dialog: anything, in particular. I dreamt I
text: fought a giant skeleton with swords
text: in its head.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: That really happened.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Oh. Yeah.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Beetle, Come on! This way!
text: Kubo picks up Little Hanzo and pops him into his bag,
text: fastening the flap over the top as he slings it over his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Kubo motions to the others. Beetle and Monkey exchange
text: curious glances and follow him.
scene_heading: (2700 ETF) ENTER THE FORTRESS
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARLANDS - SUNRISE
text: An epic panoramic landscape. The waking sun breaks through
text: boundless banks of cloud, and paints the landscape beneath a
text: blazing red. Dwarfed by the immensity of this vista are our
text: heroes, but their shadows grow and multiply out from the
text: horizon like an infinite family of paper dolls.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - THE FARLANDS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Our heroes hike a trail through the mountains. As they
text: traverse a particularly steep bluff, Beetle gamely lifts Kubo
text: up by his collar and plonks him onto his shoulder.
text: As they near the top of the mountain ridge they play a
text: cheerful game, spirits high.
speaker_heading: KUBO
text: I spy with my one eye, something
dialog: beginning with... “S.”
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: “Snow.”
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: No.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 73/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: “Snowflake.”
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Okay... “Snow-covered trees.”
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Nothing to do with snow.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: (looks at Monkey)
dialog: How about “serious?”
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: (mutters )
dialog: “Stupid.”
text: Kubo frowns. From his perch on top of Beetle he hears a
text: sound. Soft, indistinct, but strangely familiar.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Okay, I got it. “Snow.”
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: He said it wasn’t snow.
text: Kubo looks up into the sky.
speaker_heading: KUBO
text: It’s a song.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Well, that’s not fair! How do you
dialog: see a song?
text: Kubo leans over and gently tilts Beetle’s head.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: You look.
text: Above them a hundred-strong flock of birds glide beneath the
text: canopy of cloud. They look like herons but glow with a
text: magical blue light and sing a symphonic version of the song
dialog: from Kubo’s own dream.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Golden Heron. It’s believed they
dialog: hold the souls of the departed,
text: carrying them over to wherever they
dialog: May need to go.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 74/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: What are they singing?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: It's beautiful. *
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Many say the song’s about what
dialog: happens when we die. How we don’t
dialog: just... disappear.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: We don’t? So what happens to us?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Like Kubo’s paper, we shift. We
dialog: transform. So we may continue our
dialog: story to another place. The end of *
dialog: one story is merely the beginning
dialog: of another...
text: And at that they crest the top of the ridge to see the heron
text: flying over a pair of monumental stone faces, dozens of feet
text: high, carved into the likenesses of Hanzo and Mother. Cracked
text: and forlorn, they have fallen in against one another,
text: foreheads touching to create a crumbling arch.
text: A bridge painted with the beetle crest runs between them,
text: leading to the dark ruins of a massive island fortress. We
text: saw this once-majestic place before, in Kubo’s dream. Only
text: now it lists into the water, walls and rooftop shattered and
text: overgrown with wild bamboo. A broken home. *
speaker_heading: (2800 MEM) MEMORIES
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALLWAY BEETLE FORTRESS - DUSK
text: Torn banners displaying the beetle crest flap in the evening
text: wind as the trio moves through the ruins. *
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: I remember this place. *
dialog: It’s clear this place was once splendid, filled with weapons *
text: and armor and beautiful works of art. Now all that remains is
text: covered over in dust and encroaching weeds and bamboo. *
dialog: *
scene_heading: INT. STUDY BEETLE FORTRESS - CONTINUOUS
text: Kubo slides open a door into a room overflowing with papers,
text: scrolls, and maps.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 75/92
text: There are drawings of Ningen and Odokuro, even sketches of
dialog: the armor itself. It seems this place was entirely dedicated
text: to Hanzo’s search for the armor.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: This was where my father prepared
dialog: for his quest.
text: Our heroes walk through it, gazing around in wonder at the
text: various memories of their journey. Monkey examines up a piece
text: of paper with an image of the Helmet on it.
text: Kubo spies a stand of intricately printed screens in front of
text: a doorway across the room. Upon one of them is an
text: illustration of an amazing golden helmet, just as in Kubo’s
text: dream! The sweeping lines of the helm curve around an elegant
text: war mask that mimics the facial features of Hanzo.
text: Kubo excitedly pushes through the screens.
scene_heading: (2900 UND) UNITED/DIVIDED
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD BEETLE FORTRESS - NIGHT
text: Moonlight seeps through a tangle of high bamboo growing out
text: of the ragged remains of a once grand courtyard. Kubo runs
text: out across a floor strewn by the broken remnants of hundreds
text: of pieces of ornate samurai armor.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: There’s something I don’t
dialog: understand...Why would the helmet
dialog: be here?
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Kubo!
text: Monkey and Beetle are right behind him, but already smoke is
text: seeping amongst the shattered armor, thin tendrils snaking up
text: beneath breastplates, gauntlets, and greaves.
text: Fingers of smoke slither up around our heroes, constricting
text: and hoisting them into the air. Beetle’s bow falls from his
text: hand and CLATTERS to the ground.
text: A familiar LAUGH echoes through the courtyard.
text: The other Sister, stark and ominous against the full moon,
text: floats down in front of her captives, smoking pipe in hand.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Release us!
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
speaker_heading: + FH FH FH HH
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 76/92
text: She floats closer.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Oh, Sister. I remember how we
dialog: looked up to you. Of all of us, you
dialog: shone the brightest. Such a waste.
dialog: All we ever wished was to be a
dialog: family... in our home among the
dialog: stars.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: I think we have very different
dialog: definitions of family.
text: The Sister reaches out to Kubo.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Don’t you touch him, you witch!
text: The Sister turns her horrible NOH mask to face him.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: And then there’s you. The thieving
dialog: insect who stole my sister’s soul.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: What?
text: Noticing the confusion in Beetle’s and Monkey’s eyes, the
text: Sister throws back her head and GIGGLES again.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Oh, this is precious! You've been
dialog: together all this time and you
dialog: haven't even realized?
text: A beat of stunned silence.
text: A puff of smoke drifts from the Sister’s pipe across the
text: ground to Hanzo Origami, and lifts him into the air. She
text: speaks directly to Beetle as she motions to Monkey.
speaker_heading: SISTER (CONT'D)
dialog: You took her from us. It was only
dialog: fitting we took something from you!
dialog: How swiftly those memories spilled
dialog: from your head. Wiping out all
dialog: recollection of your obscene union,
speaker_heading: HANZO.
text: The smoke turns Little Hanzo in the air. Folding. Reforming.
text: Until the paper samurai has become an exact replica of Beetle
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
speaker_heading: +H HK
dialog: %
dialog: a
dialog: + *
dialog: %
speaker_heading: +H HK
dialog: %
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 77/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: What. .?
text: Monkey turns to Beetle, confused.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Hanzo..?
text: Kubo wriggles and strains against his smoke bonds.
text: Beetle turns to Monkey. Neither can believe what they’re
dialog: hearing.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: I didn’t know...
text: Monkey looks at him with sympathy.
text: The Sister CACKLES, finding this scene perversely enjoyable,
text: and throws Beetle into a wall.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: No!
text: And then she notices Kubo, frantically struggling behind her.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I'm forgetting what I came here
dialog: for...
text: As the Sister glides toward him, Kubo is finally able to
text: reach into the back of his belt. With a blur of his hand he
text: slashes at her with his bachi pick, cracking her mask in half
dialog: and breaking the pipe!
text: The smoke demons disappear, the source of their power
text: destroyed, dropping Monkey and Beetle to the ground.
text: The Sister SCREAMS into Kubo’s face, the lower half of her
text: mask broken away.
text: She tosses him across the courtyard, knocking him
text: unconscious.
text: Monkey hefts her sword and launches herself at the Sister.
text: Just as her blade is about to make contact, the Sister spins
text: and produces two crescent-shaped blades seemingly from
text: nowhere. Sparks flash across their faces as weapons collide.
text: The two spin, strike and dodge, a beautiful dance illuminated
text: by the light of their magical blades.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: %
dialog: + eH
dialog: %
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 78/92
text: The Sister's assault is relentless, and Monkey’s wound is
text: hampering her defense. Slowly but surely the Sister is
text: gaining the upper hand.
text: She rains down blow after blow, forcing the sword from
text: Monkey's hand, LAUGHING as she gains the advantage.
text: Nearby, Kubo begins to come to, groggy and disoriented. He
text: suddenly CRIES out...
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Mother!
text: Monkey sees Kubo and crawls towards him.
text: And then, as the Sister floats into the air preparing to
text: deliver a fatal blow, a rusted sword spins at her, knocking
text: her to the ground.
text: The projectile came from Beetle, and he grabs more swords
text: from the pile of armor around him.
text: Beetle runs to where Kubo is comforting Monkey.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Shhh...it’s okay. I’m here.
text: Kubo looks up to Beetle.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Father!
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: My son.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Seems I’m married to a bug.
text: She hesitates as she looks him up and down.
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: Yeah. A samurai bug.
text: She smiles grimly, holding onto Beetle’s arm.
speaker_heading: BEETLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You are my quest. You always have
dialog: been.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: Hanzo. Keep him safe. No matter
dialog: what.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 79/92
speaker_heading: BEETLE
dialog: I promise I will.
text: Suddenly, Beetle YELLS in agony as the Sister appears behind
text: him and plunges her blade deep into his back.
speaker_heading: MONKEY
dialog: NO!
text: Beetle slumps down beside Monkey, who looks up, dazed and
text: horrified, as the Sister stands over them.
text: She raises her blade above Monkey’s head.
text: Monkey looks over to Kubo.
speaker_heading: MONKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Fly home, Kubo.
text: Time seems to slow down. The only sound we hear is the quiet
text: THUMPING of Monkey’s weakened heartbeat.
text: THUMP... THUMP...
text: Kubo races towards the shamisen, reaching out his hands.
text: THUMP... THUMP...
text: The Sister’s sword carves through the air toward Monkey’s
dialog: neck.
text: THUMP... THUMP...
text: Kubo grabs the shamisen, raking his bachi across the strings
text: so violently that two of them actually snap in half, and the
text: REVERBERATING SOUND of the shamisen swallows up everything
text: with a shockwave of blinding white light.
speaker_heading: (3000 KUC) KUBO CRIES
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD BEETLE FORTRESS - NIGHT
text: DISSOLVE THROUGH to find Kubo on hands and knees, blinking
text: his eye as he tries to get his bearings.
text: Around him are pieces of the Sister’s broken mask. In front
text: of him lies the netsuke statue. It is broken in half.
text: Beetle’s broken bow lies next to him.
text: Out of silence we gradually become aware of the slight but
text: steady PLUCKING of a string. Dull. Empty.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
dialog: + eH
speaker_heading: (3200 RTT)
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 80/92
text: Kubo kneels, cradling the shamisen with the two broken
text: strings in his lap as a steady stream of teardrops fall from
text: his face and repeatedly strike the one remaining string.
text: Behind him, with the sound of each tear, shredded scraps of
text: paper surge up into a tiny blizzard. Within it a pathetic,
text: flimsy version of Little Hanzo begins to take shape.
text: Sensing something, Kubo turns to see the figure there. A
text: pitiful, torn version of its former self.
text: But Hanzo Origami is not giving up. Using all of his
text: strength, he drags himself across the floor and points his
dialog: sword again.
text: He slowly rises and goes over to the place where Hanzo fell,
text: and sees the diminutive figure, damaged but undeterred,
text: pointing with his sword and staring up at Kubo beseechingly.
text: Finally, Kubo turns to see what he was pointing at. It’s an
text: illustration of the Helmet Impenetrable. Only from here it
text: looks exactly like the bell in Kubo’s village.
text: CLOSE ON his face, staring as realization dawns.
text: Kubo packs his bag with the sword, Hanzo Origami, and the
text: broken netsuke. He ties the straps of the breastplate onto
text: the side and then steps over Beetle’s broken bow. He pauses
text: for a moment as he looks at it. Then he kneels down and takes
text: the bowstring from the shattered wood and wraps it around his
text: wrist alongside his mother’s bracelet.
text: And then he picks up his shamisen, closes his eye, and stands
text: for a moment in the center of the courtyard, the only sound
text: the FLAPPING of the frayed beetle banners as they billow in
dialog: the wind.
text: Kubo plays one last note, PLUCKING the string as hard as he
text: can, snapping it completely.
text: With a RUSTLING, the beetle banners flutter more violently,
text: twisting and folding and breaking off their mounts. The
text: banners envelope him, intertwining with his own robe to
text: become a magnificent pair of wings that lift him up into the
text: air, soaring above the ruins...
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AVENUE - DAY
text: The bell rings above the village ruins. It has been utterly
text: decimated, like a bomb went off. The once lively and colorful
text: place has been burned to the ground.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 81/92
text: Kubo‘s new wings fly him across the landscape and land him on
text: central avenue near the bell tower.
text: Kubo struggles to his feet and stares up at the bell.
text: Kubo steps over to the blackened wooden scaffold of the bell
text: tower. It’s quiet enough to hear his footsteps CRUNCH as he
text: walks. And then, face determined, he starts hitting the
text: broken tower until it crashes down with the bell.
text: Kubo reaches in the rubble and frees the helmet.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (0.S.)
dialog: Kubo? Is that you?
text: The voice surprises him. He turns around.
text: From somewhere across the other side of the main street, a
text: soot-stained face peeks out from the charred ruin of a house.
text: It is Kameyo, and she watches the unfolding scene with wide
text: eyes.
text: Behind Kameyo are Hosato with Mari, and other familiar faces
text: looking at him with awestruck curiosity.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: You have to leave this place. The
dialog: Moon King, he is coming.
text: The survivors see the look on his face and don’t ask
text: questions. They hurry through the market place toward the
text: gate out of town.
text: Kubo waits a moment for them to leave, puts on the helmet and
text: then takes a deep breath. His hand tightens its grip on the
text: sword hilt, and he looks up at the full moon hanging
text: ominously in the sky. Unblinking.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
text: GRANDFATHER! IT’S ME! KUBO! I KNOW
dialog: YOU CAN SEE ME!
text: There’s a moment of silence as the echoes of his shout
text: dissipate, and Kubo whirls around to confront the BLIND OLD
text: MAN from his dream. Now he wears regal robes that glow in the
dialog: moonlight.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Hello, Grandson. It’s so good to
dialog: see you at last. So to speak.
text: He CHUCKLES. Gentle. Winsome. Utterly insincere.
text: Kubo picks up a rock.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: + eH
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 82/92
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER (CONT’D)
dialog: And I see you found the armor.
dialog: Seems your mother had a reason to
dialog: bring you to this dreadful place
dialog: after all.
text: Kubo throws the rock at Grandfather.
text: Grandfather’s hand snatches the rock out of the air as it
text: comes at him.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER (CONT’D)
dialog: I see.
text: His face still placid, he calmly squeezes up his fist and
text: crushes the projectile to dust.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I know you do. That’s how this all
dialog: began. You finally saw me. That was
dialog: my fault. I should have listened to
dialog: my parents.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Kubo, we both want the exact same
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: You want to take my other eye.
dialog: That’s what you want.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Well, yes, but do you know why I
dialog: want it?
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Because you’re old, and mean, and
dialog: cruel.
text: He takes a breath and smiles affably.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Oh now, that’s a little harsh. As
dialog: long as you cling to that silly,
dialog: useless eye, you can’t come up to
dialog: live with me in the heavens.
text: Grandfather keeps moving closer to Kubo as he speaks.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER (CONT’D)
dialog: You’1l be stuck down here in this
text: hell. Staring with that lonely eye
dialog: at hate and heartache and suffering
dialog: and death.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 83/92
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Where I want to take you we have
dialog: none of those things. It will just
dialog: be you with your family. Where you
dialog: belong.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: My family is gone. You killed them.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: No! They brought their fates upon
dialog: themselves. They disgraced me and
dialog: upset the order of everything.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: That’s how your story goes.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Oh, Kubo. When you’re up there with
dialog: me you will be beyond stories. You
dialog: will be immortal. You will be...
dialog: infinite.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: No, you're wrong. Not infinite. All
text: stories have an end.
text: Grandfather narrows his eyes. We get the sense he will only
text: play this game so long. He’s starting to look a little pale
text: and more... wrinkly... than before. Grandfather’s skin is
text: slowly taking on the appearance of a milky cataract-like
text: shell. Cracks on his face splinter across the surface like
text: shattered glass.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Is that right? And how does this
dialog: story end?
text: Kubo fixes his grandfather with a look filled with fire.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I kill you!
text: Kubo raises up his sword, ready for battle.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Oh, very well. Is this your wish?
dialog: To do battle with the hideous
dialog: monster who ruined your life? To
dialog: prove your worth like your doomed
dialog: father? How mortal.
scene_heading: (3400 SHO) SHOWDOWN
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: *
speaker_heading: +H HK
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 84/92
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AVENUE - NIGHT
text: Grandfather throws open his arms and his entire body breaks
text: apart like a cocoon. We see the blur of a hideous head
text: trailing a long serpentine body as it launches a hundred feet
text: into the air. Seeming smaller than ever, Kubo stands there
text: looking up at this towering beast.
text: The Moon Beast LAUGHS, shaking the very foundation of the
text: devastated village.
text: Kubo YELLS, and runs at the beast, sword held high.
text: It lunges down at him, fangs bared. Kubo leaps, spinning over
text: its head and slashing at its pearly white flesh. The sword
text: connects with a flash of sparks, like metal on metal.
text: The beast recoils, but whether it’s out of pain or surprise
text: is not immediately clear. Kubo is upon it again, a dazzling
text: barrage of blows forcing the monster further back.
text: Gaining the advantage, Kubo lunges with his sword, slicing
text: deep into the creature's vast white eye. The beast ROARS and
text: thrashes, its enormous tail decimating a scorched building
text: behind it.
text: Furious, the beast twists around and comes at Kubo. He ducks
text: through a charred doorway and somersaults out of a window,
text: the creature bulldozing the entire building behind him.
text: Kubo jumps and weaves as the monster lashes out. Each time he
text: evades its claws or maw, he scores a hit with his sword.
text: The beast relentlessly pursues him through the blackened
text: shells of ruined homes. Despite his agility and tenacity,
text: Kubo is running out of breath. It seems he’s fighting a
dialog: losing battle.
text: Exhausted, he stumbles, and the beast’s jaws lock down around
text: his body. The armor buckles and cracks around him, and Kubo
text: is spat out, SMASHING through the remains of a wall.
text: Painfully, Kubo crawls back onto his feet, bruised and
text: bloodied.
text: The creature snaps its tail like a whip, coiling around
text: Kubo’s body and pulling him up in front of its terrible face.
text: The spiky tip of its tail hooks under the lip of Kubo’s
text: helmet and flips it off his head.
text: Giant tendrils of saliva fly out of its mouth as it hisses...
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 85/92
speaker_heading: MOON BEAST
dialog: You want to be human? Then share
dialog: their weakness!
text: The tail around Kubo squeezes tight, crushing him.
speaker_heading: MOON BEAST (CONT’D)
dialog: Suffer their humiliation!
text: The spiky tail tears the patch off Kubo’s face.
speaker_heading: MOON BEAST (CONT’D)
dialog: Feel their pain!
text: The beast throws Kubo contemptuously to the ground. He lands
text: in the dust beside the Sword Unbreakable.
text: As Kubo goes for it the Moon Beast strikes him with its
text: enormous tail, flinging him like a rag doll through the air.
scene_heading: (3500 T2S) THE 2 STRINGS
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Kubo CRASHES through branches and bushes, cartwheeling
text: through the undergrowth leading down to the riverside
text: cemetery outside the village.
text: He eventually comes to a stop, barely conscious. His bag
text: lands nearby, its contents strewn around him.
text: In the distance we hear the Moon Beast ROAR as it smashes
text: through the village on its way to finish Kubo off.
text: Kubo blinks. Slowly pulls himself off the ground.
text: He reaches out for his sword. From beneath his robe sleeve
text: the two bracelets around his wrist are exposed. His mother’s
text: hair and Beetle’s bow string.
text: Kubo’s fingers pause over the top of the sword hilt. And then
dialog: withdraw.
text: And then, as quickly as he can, he deftly begins re-stringing
text: his shamisen, using both string and hair.
text: The Moon Beast thunders closer through the woods.
text: Two strings in place, Kubo stares at the empty space where
dialog: the final string should go.
text: The Moon Beast appears, and finds Kubo kneeling on the
text: ground, shamisen in hand.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 86/92
speaker_heading: MOON BEAST
dialog: This is the end of your story. Now
dialog: take one last look with that lonely
dialog: eye. One last look at this wretched
dialog: Place you call home.
text: Kubo stands up. Defiant.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: I’m not leaving.
text: He then reaches up and plucks out a hair from his own head,
text: and stretches it across the shamisen.
text: The Moon Beast CACKLES.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: For every horrible thing down here
dialog: there’s something far more
dialog: beautiful. My mother saw it. So did
dialog: my father. I see it, even with just
text: one eye.
text: The Moon Beast SNARLS, no longer finding this amusing.
speaker_heading: MOON BEAST
dialog: Then I’1l just have to rip it out
dialog: of your head again, won't I?
text: As the Moon Beast goes to strike, Kubo plucks the first
text: string on the shamisen, producing a single BOOMING NOTE.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: IF YOU MUST BLINK, DO IT NOW!
text: The Moon Beast stops, surprised.
text: All the dead paper lanterns in the river suddenly ignite
text: again, a trail of light snaking from the river all the way to
text: the broken lanterns scattered throughout the marketplace.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: I know why you want my eye. Because
dialog: without it I can’t look into the
text: eyes of another and see their soul.
dialog: Their love.
speaker_heading: MOON BEAST
dialog: Everything you loved is gone!
dialog: Everything you knew has been taken
dialog: from you!
text: When Kubo speaks, his voice is stronger than ever.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 87/92
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: No. It’s in my memories. The most
dialog: powerful kind of magic there is.
text: Kubo plucks the second string.
text: And now, emerging from behind trees and grave markers, come
text: the surviving villagers. They hold glowing lanterns as they
text: march to take their place alongside Kubo.
text: Kubo plucks the final string, producing a NOTE that echoes
text: endlessly, and the Moon Beast stares down with an expression
text: of shock. Yet more figures are joining the ranks of Kubo’s
text: army, but these are glowing with the same otherworldly light
dialog: that we saw surrounding the blue herons. These are the
dialog: spirits of the dead.
text: He gestures to his army.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: It makes us stronger than you’1ll
dialog: ever be. These are the memories of
dialog: those we have loved and lost. And
dialog: if we hold their stories deep in
dialog: our hearts, then you will never
dialog: take them away from us.
text: Kubo stands there defiantly, looking up at the Moon Beast,
text: who has clearly heard enough. The beast rears back and
text: strikes down at Kubo like an enormous snake.
text: But as his fanged head lunges at Kubo’s army, it is deflected
text: by a field of blue light that has appeared around them, just
text: like the glow that protected Mother’s boat in the prologue.
text: The Moon Beast is stunned. Shakes his head. Then he strikes
text: again. And again. Each time he is repelled by the field which
text: keeps on growing larger and brighter.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: And that really is the least of it.
text: With that, he brings his hand down on his shamisen, STRUMMING
text: all three strings at once.
text: The blue glow explodes, and everything is swallowed up in a
text: blinding white light.
scene_heading: (3700 GRR) GRANDFATHER REBORN
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 88/92
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY
text: The glare slowly dissipates, and in front of Kubo now stands
text: the sweet-faced old man from Kubo’s dream. He looks around,
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Where am I?
text: Kubo approaches him and kneels down.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Hello, Grandfather.
text: The old man stares at Kubo. Genuinely puzzled.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Hello. What happened to your eye?
text: Kubo stares at his grandfather, a little uncertain.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Don’t you remember?
text: The old man shakes his head.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I’m sorry, young man. But I seem to
dialog: have forgotten my story. Can you
dialog: help me?
text: It takes a moment for this to sink into the crowd, and then
text: Kamekichi pushes forward.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: I’1l tell him. No, we’ll all tell
dialog: him. We’1l tell him everything he
dialog: needs to know.
text: As Kubo watches, the old woman approaches the old man, warily
text: at first, as if testing the water.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: You... are the kindest, sweetest
dialog: man to ever live in this village.
text: The old man seems surprised.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Oh... Oh really?
text: Kameyo breaks into a grin and nods vigorously.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 89/92
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: Yes!
text: Other villagers around her are starting to get the idea.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (stepping forward)
dialog: Every day, you walk around smiling
dialog: and handing out coins to
dialog: children... like me!
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: And old women!
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: Oh...
text: Soon, each of the villagers is shouting out details of the
dialog: old man’s “story.”
speaker_heading: VILLAGER 1
dialog: You... you taught my kids to swim!
speaker_heading: HOSATO
dialog: And... you give blankets to the
dialog: poor!
speaker_heading: HASHI
dialog: You’re a good man.
speaker_heading: VILLAGER 3
dialog: You fed the hungry.
speaker_heading: VILLAGER 4
dialog: You always lend a helping hand!
speaker_heading: VILLAGER 5
dialog: You're a great example!
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Oh. Turns out I’m pretty selfless.
scene_heading: YOUNG DAUGHTER
dialog: That’s why we love you!
text: Kameyo leans in close to the Old Man.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: You know, we have something in
dialog: common. We both adore your
dialog: grandson.
text: She gestures to Kubo.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
text: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 90/92
speaker_heading: KAMEYO (CONT'D)
dialog: His name is Kubo.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Kubo....I’m sorry, but I don’t
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: KAMEYO
dialog: Well, your grandson’s a
dialog: storyteller. He’1ll tell you all the
dialog: stories you’ve forgotten.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Really?
text: She winks at Kubo.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: (3800 FIP) FINAL PRAYER
scene_heading: EXT. PATH DOWN TO CEMETERY - WOODS OUTSIDE VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Under the tiniest sliver of moon, a long procession of
text: villagers heads down the forest path leading to the river.
text: They hold glowing paper lanterns as they move along solemnly.
text: Their departed loved ones walk alongside, identifiable by a
text: subtle “spirit glow” emanating from them in the moonlight.
text: When they reach the river, farewells are said and lit
text: lanterns set adrift once more.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: The last of the remaining villagers file back up the path as
text: Kubo assembles his new altar. On it, he places two unlit
text: lamps, then gets to his knees, facing them. He begins
text: speaking quietly.
speaker_heading: KUBO
dialog: Hello, Mother. Father. I know my
dialog: stories can tend to get a little,
dialog: um, long. So I'll keep this brief.
text: Kubo pauses, thinking what he wants to say.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: I am very grateful. I have had the
dialog: chance to meet you both.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 91/92
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hear your wisdom. Feel your
dialog: kindness. Even eat a meal sitting
dialog: between you. This was a happy
dialog: story.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But...It could still be a whole lot
dialog: happier.
text: Kubo leans closer to the altar, losing some formality now.
speaker_heading: KUBO (CONT'D)
dialog: And I don’t know exactly what the
dialog: rules are or how this works. But if
dialog: there were any way to... y’know. I
dialog: still need you. So I could say this
dialog: has been a happy story. Or I could
dialog: feel it. We could all feel it. And
dialog: then we could end this story...
dialog: together.
text: A beat, and then he looks up again in growing wonder as a
text: light spills across his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: A long silence, and then we start to hear the first few notes
dialog: The Song of the Dead.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: (3900 UNI) UNITY
speaker_heading: THE MOON
text: Reflected in the river. Glowing blue heron sail in front of
text: it, singing their sweet song.
text: We TILT UP across the surface of the water to find where the
dialog: herons are coming from...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY
text: Floating along the river, heading out to sea, paper lamps are
text: refolding themselves and rising up out of the water, their
text: light swelling brighter and brighter as they transform into
text: glowing blue heron.
text: The newly-formed paper birds then flap their wings and rise
text: up off the water to join the rest of their flock in the sky.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
scene_heading: KUBO AND THE TWO STRINGS 92/92
text: This wondrous sight is witnessed by three figures standing in
text: shadow at the river’s edge. The shortest of the figures looks
text: up into the moonlight. It is Kubo, his face still partially
text: hidden in shadow, but we can see he’s wearing a huge smile.
dialog: And now we see why...
text: Standing on either side of him, their hands resting gently on
text: his shoulders are HANZO & MOTHER, young and resplendent. If
text: there is a “spirit glow” around them, we can’t quite see it
text: in this light. They seem as alive and tangible as Kubo
dialog: himself.
text: His eye sparkles in the moonlight as he looks up at the heron
text: soaring above the sea in the night Sky.
speaker_heading: KUBO'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: The end.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: WHITE
scene_heading: ROLL END TITLES.
scene_heading: DRAFT: 01.05.16
dialog: 
