dialog: 
speaker_heading: KUNDUN
dialog: Melissa Mathison
dialog: 16 October 1992
dialog: Cast of Characters
dialog: (in order of appearance)
dialog: Reting Rinpoche ... Regent of Tibet, served in the years between
dialog: the death of the Thirteenth Dalai Lama and the discovery
text: of the Fourteenth Dalai Lama. A monk.
dialog: Lama of Sera ... Keustang Rinpoche A high lama.
dialog: Lhamo Dhondrup ... The Fourteenth Dalai Lama. Also known
dialog: as Tenzin Gyatso.
dialog: Lobsang Samten ... The Dalai Lama's immediate older brother.
dialog: Tsering Dolma ... The Dalai Lama's older sister.
dialog: Mother ... The Dalai Lama's mother.
dialog: Father ... The Dalai Lama's father.
dialog: Chinese Governor ... Representative of China in Amdo Province
text: Takster Rinpoche ... The Dalai Lam's oldest brother, abbot of
dialog: Kumbum Monastery.
text: Bodyguard ... A Khamba, monk bodyguard.
text: The Attendants ... Masters of the Kitchen, the Robe and the
dialog: Ritual. All monks.
dialog: Lord Chamberlain ... The official closest to the Dalai Lama. A
dialog: monk.
text: Norbu Thundrup ... A sweeper who works at the Potala.
text: The Yigstang and the Tsitang ... The Tibetan Government. Monks
dialog: and laymen.
dialog: Taktra Rinpoche ... The Regent who replaced Reting Rinpoche.
text: A monk.
text: Ling Rinpoche ... A senior tutor, a monk.
text: Kashag ... The Dalai Lama's personal cabinet of advisors.
text: Nechung Oracle ... The monk medium for the deity, Droje Drakden.
text: Lukhangwa and Lobsang Tashi ... The Prime Ministers
dialog: Muslim Man, Tibetan Woman, Noble Boy ... People the Dalai Lama
text: meets on his way to Yadung.
dialog: General Chiang Chin-wu ... First representative of Communist
dialog: China sent to Tibet.
dialog: Mao Tse Tung ... Chairman of the Chinese Communist Party.
dialog: Khamba Leaders ... Leaders of the Tibetan Resistance Movement.
text: Ghurka Soldiers ... Indians who make up the welcoming party for
dialog: the Dalai Lama.
dialog: The Himalayas.
text: A still photograph, a portrait, of a mountain; the north
dialog: face of Chomolungma - a peak also known as Mount Everest -
text: twenty-nine thousand feet high.
text: We hear a very young boy speak.
speaker_heading: BOY (VO)
dialog: Mama, my story.
text: A woman speaks:
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: Again?
speaker_heading: BOY (VO)
dialog: Tell me.
text: Portrait of a mountain - Khangbochen - craggy peaks covered
text: with snow, twenty-four thousand feet high.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: Your father had been very ill,
dialog: We thought he would die, and some
dialog: animals had died.
speaker_heading: BOY (VO)
dialog: Cow.
text: Portrait of a mountain - Shishapangma - twenty-six thousand
text: feet high.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: And a yak. And chickens. And we
dialog: had four years of bad crops, all
dialog: the farmers did.
dialog: Portrait of a mountain - Anye Machin II - twenty thousand
text: feet high and slightly obscured by clouds.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: In the night, I knew you were coming.
text: Now, the foothills. The still photograph of this barren
text: mountain range comes to life as we see something moving.
text: It is a small caravan - traveling this narrow mountain pass.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: At dawn, you were born.
text: CLOSER on this caravan. We can make out eight or ten men,
text: walking, and on horseback, dressed in heavy, brocade coats,
text: and large woolen hats, black braids trailing down their
text: backs. A yellow palanquin is carried by four large monks,
text: wearing maroon robes.
text: The caravan reaches the top of the mountain pass and turns -
text: a sudden shift in direction - a switchback. The travelers
text: head downhill.
speaker_heading: BOY (VO)
dialog: Tell me.
text: Now, we see the mens's destination. A lake. An incredibly
text: blue, circular lake, sunk between snow-dusted mountains. It
text: is LHAMO I' LATSO - "the Oracle Lake" - and it shimmers in
dialog: the sunlight.
text: As the lake comes into view, a young man pushes back the
text: curtain of the yellow palanquin and peers down at it.
text: The man is dressed in royal robes. He is young, twenty four
text: years old. His name is RETING RINPOCHE. He is the Regent
dialog: of Tibet.
text: The color of the lake changes - from brilliant turquoise, to
text: a deep, murky, unfathomable darkness.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: You were a beautiful baby.
dialog: So calm.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOY (VO)
dialog: No cried?
text: The woman laughs.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: Maybe, just a little.
text: The palanquin is set down on a flat rock overlooking the
text: lake. The water's color changes again, to a deep purple,
text: then blue again, then red, then indigo.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: And that day, your father
dialog: got better. He named you Lhamo.
dialog: "The Protector."
speaker_heading: BOY (VO)
dialog: I know.
dialog: Silence.
text: The noblemen and monks surround Reting as he steps out of
text: the palanquin.
text: One man stands out here, a monk, a high lama in fact, with a
text: kind face and fantastic, mesmerizing eyes. He is the LAMA
speaker_heading: OF SERA.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (VO)
dialog: Go to sleep, Lhamo.
text: Reting stares at the lake.
text: The water turns a light grey, and an image appears - obscure
text: at first, then becoming more solid. A vision.
text: He sees a house - a small, stone, one-story, u-shaped house.
text: The house has a flat, tile roof and an unusual, wooden rain
text: gutter, with windows outlined in black and a prayer flag in
text: the courtyard. A spotted dog is in front of the house,
text: barking, though we cannot hear him. The vision becomes
text: completely clear, for an instant - clear enough to see the
text: face of a young boy at the window.
text: CLOSE on Reting Rinpoche. Looking. Searching.
text: Cut to: a portrait of a mountain: Kyeri - a majestic,
dialog: glacier mountain - the "house mountain" of the village of
dialog: Takster, Amdo Province, North Eastern Tibet.
text: Sound returns as the wind whistles around this jagged,
text: mountain peak and then the view moves down, below the tree
text: line, and into the rhododendron forest and the farmlands,
text: until it comes to rest on a small, stone, u-shaped house. A
text: house caught in the dawn's mist.
text: CLOSE on the face of a sleeping child: a boy, LHAMO
text: DHONDRUP, age two and one-half years. He is dreaming. He
text: is about to wake up.
dialog: Today, his life will change.
text: We stay on the boy's face until, slowly, his eyes open -
text: beautiful, dark, eyes.
scene_heading: INT. TIBETAN PEASANT HOME, KITCHEN DAWN (1937)
text: The MOTHER walks past the boy, her woolen skirt swaying in
text: the rosy light. A seven year-old brother - LOBSANG SAMTEN -
text: and a teenage sister - TSERING DOLMA - share Lhamo's kitchen
text: mattress. Lhamo looks at them, and then he turns to see the
text: heavy felt boots of his FATHER, as the man walks through the
text: room and out the door. Lhamo finds the kind face of his
text: MOTHER. She is looking at him.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAWN
text: The boy walks across the stone courtyard as we hear the
text: sounds of this country morning: the snorting of horses,
text: clucking of hens, a command from the Father as the man feeds
dialog: the animals.
text: The boy scratches, he pees. He sees his Mother on the roof.
text: She is a silhouette against the dawn, as she feeds cedar and
text: yak chips into the incense burner - sending white, curly
text: smoke up, to circle the prayer flag and its clusters of
text: printed mantras.
text: We pull back as the spotted dog begins to bark.
text: Lhamo's house is the house in the vision.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN MORNING
dialog: It is a good day. There is cheese for breakfast.
text: Lhamo's Father sits on a cushion at the head of a low table.
text: Fresh bread appears, yogurt, roasted barley (tsampa).
text: Lhamo pushes at his Father.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No. This must stop.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Me. Here.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I am the father. You sit there.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Me here.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What is the harm?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: He will grow up all wrong.
dialog: Only you can serve him,
dialog: only you can wash his bowl.
dialog: Too tidy, everything just so.
dialog: He must know his place.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG SAMTEN
dialog: He thinks he is king here.
dialog: No respect.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What is the harm?
text: The Father reluctantly gets up and gives his seat to Lhamo.
text: Lhamo settles and waits for his Mother to hand him his bowl
text: of tsampa. He bestows a most beautiful smile on his family.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: The Father is leaving the yard with a short string of horses
text: when there is a sudden commotion.
text: The CHINESE GOVERNOR is passing through this little village.
text: He is a ferocious looking man, dressed in ornate brocade,
text: his horse eguipped with tack that looks like armor. He is
text: surrounded by a dozen Chinese soldiers, all on huge horses,
text: ruling the road, kicking up mud.
text: Lhamo's Father stops. He holds still. He looks to the
dialog: house.
text: The Mother is holding the children against her in the
text: doorway. Quiet. Watching.
text: The Governor and his entourage move on. When they are out
text: of sight, Lhamo's Father makes his departure.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: Lhamo straddles the window sill, slapping his bottom as if
text: he were a horse, shouting:
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: I go away.
dialog: Look, mama, I go away.
dialog: Far, far, far.
text: His Mother is making bread in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, no. Where will he go?
speaker_heading: LHAMO
text: Far, far away.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN DUSK
text: Lhamo is playing a game with pebbles on the raised, wooden
text: platform in the kitchen. The fire is lit. He is alone.
text: The dog begins to bark.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (OC)
dialog: Good day.
speaker_heading: MAN (OC)
dialog: Good day.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (OC)
dialog: Please, come in, so cold.
speaker_heading: MAN (OC)
dialog: We are traveling to Lhasa. May
dialog: we...?
speaker_heading: MOTHER (OC)
dialog: Of course, please, this way.
dialog: Your servant may use the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MAN (OC)
dialog: Thank you.
text: A middle-aged man, the SERVANT, wearing heavy, ragged
text: clothes and wrapped boots, enters the kitchen.
text: Lhamo slides over so that the man can sit on the platform
text: beside him. The man picks up a few pebbles and drops them -
dialog: he knows the game.
text: We recognize this servant. His name is KEUSTANG RINPOCHE.
dialog: He is one of the monks we saw at the Oracle lake, the one
text: with the mesmerizing eyes. Keustang Rinpoche is the Lama of
dialog: Sera Monastery.
text: Lhamo sees a dark brown rosary around the Servant's neck and
text: immediately pulls at the string of beads.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Mine.
text: The Servant takes the rosary off and gives it to the boy.
text: Lhamo hangs the string of beads around his own neck. The
text: Servant makes a move to take back the rosary, but Lhamo
dialog: resists.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Mine.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: Mine.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: I will give it to, if you can
dialog: tell me who I am.
text: Lhamo looks up, into the man's piercing, black eyes.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: The Lama of Sera.
dialog: You come.
text: The Mother enters and immediately sees the rosary around her
text: son's neck. She gives it back to the Servant.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Lhamo, no.
text: Lhamo goes back to his game. The Mother hands the tired man
text: a slice of bread and a steaming cup of tea. The man's
text: hands are shaking. He cannot look the woman in the eye.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAWN
text: The travelers make their departure at dawn.
text: As the party reaches the gate, Lhamo runs from the house,
dialog: crying:
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Wait! No!
text: The men stop. Lhamo runs to the Servant.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Me, too. Me go, too.
dialog: Lhasa!
text: Lhamo is in tears.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, no, no. Lhasa!
dialog: He always says he will travel
dialog: far away. He always wants to go.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: We cannot, young master.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: You come back?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: We will.
text: The travelers head down the road.
text: Mother and child return to their home, the Mother carrying
text: the boy on her hip as he swings himself around to take a
text: last look at the strangers.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAWN
text: The Father readies a pack train of horses. Lobsang and
text: Lhamo pull on the cinche straps.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMLAND DAY
text: The Mother plows with a heavy yoke attached to a large yak.
text: Lobsang Samten and Tsering Dolma help their mother. Lhamo
text: sleeps under an umbrella.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: Lobsang and Lhamo running, carrying a bowl of eggs.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN NIGHT
text: Lobsang is wrapped in maroon wool, trying to hold still as
text: his Mother pins and stitches. Lhamo sits, sipping tea,
text: watching, woefully.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Say, Kumbum Monastery.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
text: Kumbum. It is not far away.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: It is not far at all, and
dialog: it is a beautiful place.
dialog: And your big brother is abbott
dialog: there. You will not be alone.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: I will be very smart.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You will be fine.
dialog: You will be a fine monk.
scene_heading: INT. ALTAR ROOM DAWN
text: Lobsang pours water from one small, copper bowl into six
text: others, seven in all, placed on an altar before a statue of
text: Buddha. As the rest of the family watches, the Mother
text: lights the butter lamps, whispering:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Om mani padme hum.
dialog: Om mani padme hum.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: Lobsang is perched on the back of a horse - in front of his
text: Father. The two leave home, goodbyes having already been
text: said. Mother, sister and little brother remain behind.
scene_heading: EXT. PARENT'S ROOM NIGHT
text: Mother lies down with Lhamo, holding him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Your father had been very sick.
dialog: He had been sick from the time
dialog: you began growing in me.
dialog: We thought he would die.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Cow.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes. A cow had died.
dialog: One night, you stopped all
dialog: your moving, and I said to your
dialog: sister, "His time has come."
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Me. First break of day.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: At dawn, you were born. One eye was
dialog: closed, and your sister opened it
dialog: with her thumb. We gave you the
dialog: sweet drink.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: I pooped.
text: His Mother laughs.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You did. We washed you and wrapped
dialog: you in sheepskin and took you to your
dialog: father. That day he father got
dialog: better
text: And that day, a pair of crows came to
dialog: nest in our roof. I just remembered.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: I miss my brother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I miss him too.
dialog: 
text: CLOSE on the Mother as she holds Lhamo, now her only son at
dialog: home.
text: A view of Kyeri mountain turning from a pre-dawn purple to
text: light pink in the sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAWN
text: The multi-colored prayer flags flap in the wind as the cock
text: crows and the animals come awake. Father exits the house
text: and begins his day.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF THE HOUSE DAY
text: Lhamo is watching two bugs fighting when he hears the dog
text: bark. He climbs the low, stone wall and looks out at the
dialog: road.
text: Six TRAVELERS approach. Four of the men are dressed as
text: nobility, wearing red and gold silk. Two men are monks.
text: The Mother meets the men in the courtyard. A monk steps
text: forward. He bows.
speaker_heading: LAMA
dialog: I am the Lama of Sera.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sera Monastery? From Lhasa?
speaker_heading: LAMA
dialog: Yes. We have business here.
text: Lhamo jumps off the wall. He carefully lifts the smaller
text: beetle from the path of the larger beetle. He places the
text: rescued bug safely in a clump of grass.
scene_heading: INT. PARENT'S ROOM DAY
text: CLOSE on the faces of the six men.
text: CLOSE on the small face of Lhamo as he looks down at the
dialog: bed.
text: Lying on a piece of yellow silk are many objects. There are
text: three of each type of object: three walking sticks, three
text: drums, three silver pens, three eating bowls, three bells,
text: three rosaries, three pairs of spectacles.
dialog: The Lama of Sera - Keustang Rinpoche - hands Lhamo the
dialog: rosary he had so coveted when the man first visited.
scene_heading: KEUSTANG RINPOCHE
dialog: This is yours, you say.
dialog: What else belongs to you?
text: Lhamo considers the request, then climbs onto the bed to
text: study the objects. The drum and the bell he chooses
dialog: quickly.
text: Keustang Rinpoche watches the boy gather the items. He
text: looks at the yellow silk and the boy's small, fine hands.
text: He dares not look directly at the boy.
text: Lhamo picks up one walking stick - a lovely, bronze-handled
text: one. He swings it around, but he finally rejects it in
text: favor of a plain, iron-handled stick. He makes his own pile
text: of these things, then looks at the Lama of Sera.
scene_heading: KEUSTANG RINPOCHE
dialog: Yes, those are yours.
text: Keustang Rinpoche takes the boy's hands in his own. He
text: turns them over, examines them.
scene_heading: KEUSTANG RINPOCHE
dialog: With permission?
text: The Lama carefully pulls back the boy's overalls. There is
text: a little birthmark, like a conch shell, on his shoulder.
text: Keustang Rinpoche pulls up the boy's pants legs. There is a
text: funny skin marking on the legs, like tiger stripes.
text: The Lama rearranges the boy's clothing, then one more time,
text: takes the beautiful, little hands in his own and whispers:
scene_heading: KEUSTANG RINPOCHE
dialog: "Kundun"
text: He says to the others, in a soft, secretive voice:
scene_heading: KEUSTANG RINPOCHE
dialog: He is the Presence.
text: In the background, by an open curtain, we see Lhamo's
dialog: Mother.
text: She says, softly:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My oldest boy is an incarnation.
scene_heading: KEUSTANG RINPOCHE
dialog: So is your youngest.
text: Keustang releases the boy's hands and brings his own closed
text: palms up to his forehead.
scene_heading: KEUSTANG RINPOCHE
dialog: I wish you long life.
text: The Mother begins to cry.
scene_heading: INT. ALTAR ROOM DAY
text: Little Lhamo, now dressed in yellow, fills the copper water
text: bowls with difficulty.
text: His parents stand beside him. They share one, frightened
text: curious look.
text: CLOSE on the statue of Buddha. It is an image of Chenrezig,
text: the Buddha of Compassion. He has eleven heads and four,
text: outstretched arms.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE DAY
text: Lhamo sits in the saddle in front of his Mother. His Father
text: and Sister ride beside them, through an incredible, empty,
text: Tibetan landscape. A Monk rides lead.
scene_heading: EXT. EST. SHOT / KUMBUM MONASTERY DAY
text: Turquoise-roof, golden-pagoda, a beautiful, white-washed
text: monastery built against a terraced, green hillside of Amdo.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM, MONASTERY DAY
text: Mother pats her son Lhamo's unruly hair and makes a soft,
text: comforting sound. Lobsang is there beside his brother.
text: Lobsang is already dressed as a tiny monk - in a maroon
text: robe, with short, clipped hair An older brother, TAKSTER,
text: age 17, a lama, is there.
dialog: The Mother lies:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I will be back in a few days.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Two.
text: Lhamo holds up two fingers.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: This many?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes, yes. Your brothers
dialog: are here.
text: Takster moves closer. She places the sad youngster in
text: Takster's arms.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: One more kiss.
text: Lhamo kisses her, as does Lobsang and even Takster falls
text: into her arms for a moment. Then, she turns and goes,
dialog: quickly.
text: A Monk appears. He produces a concertina and begins to play
dialog: for the little boy.
text: But, Lhamo begins to cry, through the music, through the
text: hugs of his brothers. As a result of Lhamo's tears, Lobsang
text: begins to cry. Takster holds them both. The music
text: continues. The older, wiser, Takster begins to cry, too.
text: The three brothers hold one another. Three brothers, three
text: monks, crying for their mother. The music continues,
text: echoing in this stone monastery.
text: The young "Kundun" is gently rocked by his older brother.
text: He begins to fall asleep.
speaker_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE
text: The sound of the concertina becomes chanting and we see row
text: after row of monks, in a temple, their voices mingling in
text: the empty room.
text: View of a courtyard, with young novices, reciting. Lobsang
text: is among them.
speaker_heading: BOYS'S VOICES (VO)
dialog: "May I be the doctor and
dialog: the medicine,
dialog: And may I be the nurse,
dialog: For all sick beings in the world,
dialog: until everyone is healed."
text: A TEACHER, a very stern-looking monk, carrying a thick, flat
text: board, menacingly, behind his back, walks among the
dialog: students.
text: A golden head of a Buddha - a huge head - appears to be
text: bursting through an archway at the end of a dark hallway.
text: The Chinese Governor stands, like a giant, against the blue
text: sky. Omnipotent. Frightening.
speaker_heading: CHINESE GOVERNOR
dialog: I want him accompanied by my
dialog: Chinese soldiers.
text: Keustang Rinpoche, also a head against blue sky, argues:
scene_heading: KEUSTANG RINPOCHE
dialog: This is Tibet. We are not
dialog: under your authority.
text: CLOSE on the Chinese Governor.
speaker_heading: CHINESE GOVERNOR
dialog: I want one hundred thousand
dialog: Chinese dollars, if you want the
dialog: boy.
text: CLOSE on Keustang Rinpoche. Slowly, he nods.
text: An image of the Father and the Mother, standing in their
text: courtyard, staring at the departing search party.
text: The Mother asks over and over:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But why? Who is Lhamo?
dialog: Who do they say he is?
text: Her husband does not know.
text: View of the Mother, on the roof, feeding cedar and yak chips
text: into the incense burner. We hear:
speaker_heading: BOYS (reciting)
dialog: "May I be protector for those
dialog: without one."
speaker_heading: DRAAM SEQUENCE ENDS
text: Lhamo wakes up. He is in a brilliant, green room.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY ROOM, KUMBUM MONASTERY DAY
text: The stern-looking Teacher from his dream is there, reading
dialog: scripture, reciting:
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: "May I be a bridge, a boat, a ship
dialog: For all who wish to cross the water."
text: Lhamo looks down at the complicated words.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Can you recite?
text: The boy just waits, sad, lonely.
text: The Teacher offers Lhamo an apricot. Lhamo takes the fruit.
text: The Monk pats the boy's head, gently, and Lhamo takes
text: shelter in the kind man's massive robes. The view becomes
text: sunlight through deep, maroon wool.
scene_heading: INT. DRELJAM DAY
text: thamo and Lobsang sit inside a ïdreljam" - a rough
text: palanquin, which is attached to two poles and carried
text: between two mules. The vehicle rises and falls, pitches and
text: twists as it is carried along the roadless, Tibetan plains.
text: Lhamo reaches forward and pulls back a curtain.
scene_heading: EXT. TIBETAN PLATEAU DAY
text: The boy is traveling with a caravan. It is not, in fact, an
text: enormous caravan, maybe fifty people, including: Lhamo's
text: family, members of the search party, monks, Muslim traders.
text: The dreljam DRIVER looks over at Lhamo and signals that the
dialog: boy should close the curtain.
text: Lhamo does so, only to lean across his brother to look out
text: the other side of his tiny carriage.
text: The other side opens to a view of the great, empty land. A
text: herd of deer grazes beside the travelers. Mountains rise in
text: the distance. A flock of geese flies overhead.
text: Lhamo closes the curtain.
scene_heading: INT. DRELJAM DAY
text: Lhamo elbows his brother. Lobsang elbows him back. The two
text: begin to squabble.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: You have all the room.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: Don't be a baby, move over.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: You move.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: You! You think you are so
dialog: big!
text: They hit and pinch until finally the movement of the
text: carriage stops. The Driver reaches in through the open
text: curtains and separates the boys, each to his own side of the
dialog: dreljam.
text: Inside his tiny carriage, young Lhamo now sits quiet and
dialog: composed.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE NIGHT
text: A cluster of fantastic, Tibetan tents are set up; white
text: cotton tents, with sharp corners, peaked ceilings and
text: elaborate, appliqued designs. Campfires glow, animals bed
text: down, stars shine overhead.
scene_heading: INT. TIBETAN TENT NIGHT
text: CLOSE on a group of ancient, stern-faced MONKS.
text: CLOSE on the baby-faced, Lhamo Dhondrup.
text: One Monk pulls a huge pair of scissors from his robes.
text: Lhamo makes a dive for the tent's door.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT NIGHT
text: Standing outside the tent is a BODYGUARD - a huge, burly
text: man, wearing monk's robes. He turns to the boy. In one
text: hand he holds a big stick. His face is distorted and
text: deformed by a large tumor under one eye. It is a
text: frightening sight. He looks like a monster to the child.
text: Lhamo jumps back inside the tent. The Bodyguard closes the
text: appliqued flap.
scene_heading: INT. DRELJAM DAY
text: Lhamo has had a haircut. His Mother walks beside the
text: carriage, holding his hand.
speaker_heading: LHAMO
dialog: Who am I?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We do not know.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF TIBET NIGHT
text: By candlelight, Lhamo is transferred from the rugged, simple
text: carriage, to one of exquisite, yellow silk.
scene_heading: INT. PALANQUIN JUST BEFORE DAWN
text: Lhamo peeks out of the silk curtain as he hears the arrival
text: of many horses, many men. SOLDIERS - hundreds of Tibetan
text: soldiers - surround the palanquin.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS, OUTSIDE LHASA DAWN
text: The yellow palanquin is carried across a human border of
text: Tibetan noblemen. These fantastic-looking men and women
text: part, and drop to the ground in prostration, as the
text: palanquin moves through their welcoming committee.
scene_heading: INT. PEACOCK TENT DAWN
text: Lhamo walks along a long, patterned carpet, looking up, at
text: this lofty tent's stunning, blue silk, ceiling.
text: He is led to a tall, wooden throne, and he is lifted, and
text: then he climbs to the top. Lhamo settles in a cross-legged
text: position on the brocade cushion.
text: He looks down.
text: Hundred of monks, abbots, noblemen, Nepalese, Bhutanese,
text: Chinese, even a red-headed Englishman - they all bow to
dialog: Lhamo.
text: Reting Rinpoche, the young Regent of Tibet, the man who saw
text: this boy's face in his vision, stands below the throne. He
dialog: addresses the crowd:
scene_heading: RETING RINPOCHE
dialog: Chenrezi, the Buddha of compassion.
text: The Wish Fulfilling Jewel.
dialog: The Fourteenth Dalai Lama.
text: And the Regent turns, hikes up his gorgeous robes, and
text: prostrates before the child.
scene_heading: RETING RINPOCHE
dialog: Long life.
text: In the crowd stand Lhamo's Mother and Father and Lobsang
dialog: Samten.
dialog: On their faces, we must see that they did not realize who
dialog: their son, their brother, was believed to be.
text: First the Mother, and then the Father, bow in front of their
dialog: youngest child.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Long life.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Long life.
text: Finally, Lobsang.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: Long life, Lhamo.
text: We hear the sound of a great, Tibetan horn.
text: We hear peels of childish laughter.
scene_heading: INT. THE POTALA DAY
text: Lobsang and Lhamo skid, slide, skate down the endless,
text: slippery hallways of this huge, labyrinthine monastery.
text: Three Monks scurry behind the boys, trying to keep up,
text: trying to keep the young incarnate from slipping out of
dialog: their sight.
text: They shout, in loud stage whispers:
speaker_heading: MONKS
dialog: Kundun! Kundun!
text: The monks are no match for the little boys, who are quickly
text: out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS THE POTALA DAY
text: Reting Rinpoche sits cross-legged on the floor of this
text: brightly-painted, red room.
text: Across from him sits Lhamo, dressed in fine, yellow silk.
text: These are simple rooms, decorated with statues, deity
text: scrolls and mandalas, an altar to Buddha. Behind a glass
text: case are toys, mixed in with the Buddhist artifacts: dolls,
text: puppets, balls, blocks, trains.
text: Reting Rinpoche is speaking.
scene_heading: RETING RINPOCHE
dialog: Centuries ago, a young boy was
dialog: born. His name was Gedundrub.
text: The night of his birth, robbers
dialog: came to his home and his family
text: fled hiding the baby in a cattle
dialog: pen. When they returned the next
dialog: day, the baby was safe. They found
text: him guarded by a pair of black crows.
dialog: He was the first Dalai Lama.
dialog: The Living Buddha of Compassion.
dialog: Now, you have chosen to come back to
dialog: this life once again.
text: Reting blows his nose.
scene_heading: RETING RINPOCHE
dialog: We name you Tenzin Gyatso.
text: CLOSE on Lhamo - Tenzin Gyatso.
scene_heading: RETING RINPOCHE
dialog: Your job is simple.
dialog: You are to love all living things.
dialog: Just love them. Care for them.
dialog: Have compassion for them.
dialog: "As long as any living thing draws
dialog: breath, wherever he shall be, there
dialog: in compassion, shall the Buddha
dialog: appear, incarnate."
text: At the curtain behind Lhamo, we notice the curly-toed shoes
text: of a monk, a man who must be standing in the next room.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DAY
text: In the room immediately adjacent to this bedroom, we now see
text: the three Monks who chased the young boy down the slippery
dialog: halls.
text: They are the Dalai Lama's personal attendants - the MASTER
text: OF THE RITUAL, the MASTER OF ThE KITCHEN, and the MASTER OF
dialog: THE ROBE. (It is the Master of the Kitchen who stands
text: directly behind the curtain.)
text: The LORD CHAMBERLAIN is also there. He is a monk. A tall,
text: angular man, with almost nordic features: large, round
text: eyes, a yellowish mustache, sharp nose.
dialog: All of these men will become quite familiar to us, as will
text: the man standing, listening, behind the attendants.
text: He is a sweeper, a man named NORBU THUNDRUP, age thirty. He
text: is tall, and gangly, with a wispy beard and a pock-marked
dialog: face.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOM DAY
scene_heading: RETING RINPOCHE
dialog: You will be the leader of
dialog: the Tibetan people when you come of
dialog: age. Until that time, I will be
dialog: your teacher, and as your Regent,
dialog: I will rule in your name.
dialog: I will tell your Lord
dialog: Chamberlain you are ready to
dialog: see him.
scene_heading: INT. ADJACENT ROOM DAY
text: The Regent walks through this room on his way out.
text: A passing look from Norbu lets us know that Reting
dialog: Rinpoche is not well-liked.
scene_heading: RETING RINPOCHE
dialog: He will see you now.
text: The Lord Chamberlain goes to meet with the Dalai Lama.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOM DAY
text: The Lord Chamberlain bows to the boy and then unpacks his
dialog: parcel.
text: He has a rolled, parchment document.
text: He has a beautiful, carved, wooden box.
text: The Lord Chamberlain points to the mural on the wall behind
text: the boy. It is an elaborate, story-painting.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Fifth Dalai Lama.
text: The boy looks.
text: The Lord Chamberlain points to a golden statue of a round
text: man in a peaked hat.
scene_heading: LORD CHAMBBERLAIN
dialog: Seventh Dalai Lama.
text: Tenzin Gyatso nods.
text: The Lord Chamberlain lifts a framed photograph of a bald,
text: charismatic man, with razor sharp eyebrows, pictured sitting
text: on a throne.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Thirteenth Dalai Lama.
text: The boy looks at the photo.
text: The Lord Chamberlain places the state seal in the young
text: boy's hands and indicates that the boy should bring the
text: heavy instrument down hard on the parchment.
text: The boy does. The Lord Chamberlain scribbles a little
text: something on a tab of attached paper, then bows to the boy.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Fourteenth Dalai Lama.
text: VIEW FROM A HIGH WINDOW
text: Outside, up a country path, young herders lead their cattle
text: in from the grazing fields. We can hear the boys singing -
text: a Tibetan street song.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (OC)
dialog: I am the good one. You be bad.
dialog: The bad man.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOM DUSK
text: The view comes in the window and reveals the young Dalai
text: Lama, sitting on the floor with Norbu Thundrup, the sweeper.
text: Tenzin Gyatso has arranged a battlefield of soldiers -
text: little men, made of colored-dough.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: My name is Norbu,
dialog: Holiness. I will be good,
dialog: you be bad.
text: Tenzin Gyatso is ferocious in his strategy, taking Norbu's
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I'm on a big mountain
text: and hitting at the bad men.
dialog: And after the game, we're going
dialog: to trade. You just stay
dialog: over there, no, there!, Norbu,
dialog: and I will shoot at you.
dialog: I want your land. I take it.
dialog: I am stronger.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: I am braver.
text: Norbu Thundrup plays like a child. It is a fight to the
dialog: finish.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I have more men.
speaker_heading: NORBU ThUNDRUP
dialog: I have smarter men.
text: Tenzin Gyatso has lost; he dissolves into tears.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Today you lose. Tomorrow you
dialog: may win.
text: Norbu snaps his fingers.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Things change, Kundun.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Why is your beard so funny?
dialog: Let me touch this.
text: Tenzin touches the soft, bald, chin of Norbu.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Soft.
text: And then, Tenzin Gyatso tries to snap his fingers. He
dialog: cannot.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DUSK
text: Tenzin Gyatso stands at the window, watching, listening.
text: His hands knead the colored dough into balls, ready to
text: create the next army, the future battleground, as he
text: recites, softly:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: "As long as all living draw
dialog: breaths, there Buddha is."
text: Norbu Thundrup smiles as he polishes the floor, clearing it
dialog: of tsampa dough.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL, THE POTALA DAY
text: The Great Hall in the Potala is the seat of Tibetan
dialog: Government.
text: These palace walls are hung with beautiful, old thangkas
text: (silk embroideries or paintings), depicting the life of
dialog: Buddha.
text: Inside the hall sits the acting government: the YIGSTANG
text: and the TSITANG - four monks, four laymen - all dressed in
dialog: their appropriate simplicity and elaborateness. These men
text: sit in two rows, facing one another. The senior monk and
text: the senior layman sit a bit forward. They are the speakers.
text: The senior LAYMAN is on his knees, speaking.
speaker_heading: LAYMAN
dialog: I believe that the Regent is asking
dialog: for too high a reward for his part in
dialog: finding the Dalai Lama. Too much
dialog: money, too much land.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso peeks through a door at the great assembly.
text: The Lord Chamberlian stands behind him.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: The Layman continues.
speaker_heading: LAYMAN
dialog: Our treasuries are empty. Our army
dialog: is depleted. He would have us pull
dialog: the hair from our noses.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY DAY
text: The Dalai Lama is confused, but continues listening.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: The Layman returns to his cross-legged position.
text: The senior MONK speaks.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: We note this. Now, the Chinese.
text: There is audible expression of tension.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: The Allies wish to build a supply-
dialog: road from India, crossing Tibet, as
dialog: part of their war effort. The road
dialog: would lead directly to China.
text: The Layman gets to his knees.
speaker_heading: LAYMAN
dialog: We cannot allow it.
dialog: Right now, we have a only a small
dialog: Chinese mission in Lhasa, the first
dialog: since the Thirteenth Dalai Lama
dialog: threw them out in 1912.
dialog: The road would increase the size of
dialog: that mission. The Chinese would
dialog: try to control our trade, as they did
dialog: once before, control our contact
dialog: with the outside world.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY DAY
text: The Lord Chamberlain touches the boy's shoulder and Tenzin
text: Gyatso leaves his hiding place, as the speaker's voice fades
dialog: away.
text: As the two walk down the hallway, Tenzin Gyatso spots an
text: unusual wooden door. He lets the Lord Chamberlain get a
text: little bit ahead of him, and then the boy tries the door.
text: It is heavy. It almost opens.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY LATER, DUSK
text: Tenzin Gyatso and his brother Lobsang are pulling at the
text: heavy door. Behind them, in the distance, we hear:
speaker_heading: MONKS (OC)
dialog: Kundun! Kundun!
text: The door opens. The boys disappear inside.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM DUSK
text: A treasure awaits them.
text: It looks like Aladdin's cave - full of odd, European items.
text: There are glittering music boxes, a porcelain sink, a gilded
text: mirror, a lacquered rocking horse. There are hats,
text: umbrellas and even a pair of lace-up, cordovan shoes.
text: Tenzin Gyatso lifts a reel of film. There are piles of
text: magazines and books. There is a stack of tires in the back
text: corner. The boys uncover a train set and a good collection
text: of lead soldiers. The Dalai Lama pockets a gold watch.
text: Just as the monks find their young charges and we hear them
text: at the door, Tenzin sees something truly spectacular. It is
text: a telescope.
text: The monks enter the room as the young Dalai Lama reaches for
dialog: this miracle.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: THE ATTENDANTS
dialog: Ah, it is a telescope, Holiness.
dialog: With this you can see a long way.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: And, is it mine?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: These are all gifts sent to
dialog: your predecessors.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG SAMTEN
dialog: Yes! Then it is yours!
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I need it.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS NIGHT
text: We are in the adjacent room, listening, as Norbu Thundrup
text: tells a bedtime story.
text: Golden butter lamps burn before a statue of Buddha.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP (OC)
dialog: One night, not too long
dialog: ago, an old monk saw a woman in that
dialog: very same hallway where you ran away.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM NIGHT
text: The boy is in bed. The Sweeper finishes-off his story as
text: the boy wiggles deeper under the covers.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
text: She carried a basket in
text: her arms, a big, heavy basket, and
text: the old monk cautiously approached.
text: She opened her basket and showed what
text: she had. Heads. Human heads. Only
dialog: the heads.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Is that true or pretend?
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: It is a story, you decide.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Pretend.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: As you say.
text: The Sweeper tucks the boy in as the Master of the Robe
text: finishes his nightly preparations and with a pat and a
text: smile, the two men leave the room.
text: A mouse steals a bit of tsampa from the offerings placed on
text: the altar before the Buddha.
text: Tenzin Gyatso peeks out from under his covers and looks to
dialog: see if those curly-toed shoes are visible under the
text: partition. They are. The Master of the Kitchen is still
dialog: near.
text: Tenzin Gyatso pulls the golden pocket watch from under the
text: covers. He pries and digs at the back of the watch until he
text: succeeds in popping it open, revealing its miraculous
dialog: insides.
text: Finally, Tenzin Gyatso's eyelids grow heavy. The camera
text: passes over his face, as his eyes close.
text: The boy begins to speak, mumble, as he falls asleep:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: "I be an island for those who
dialog: seek one, a lamp for light."
text: We find two scrolls; the first is PENDEN LHAMO, the special
dialog: protectress of the Dalai Lama.
text: She rides her wild mule through a sea of blood - between
text: rows of jagged mountains. Pointed fingers and spreading
text: toes, her hair gone crazy, her fangs revealed - the details
text: are incredible. A garland of freshly severed heads hangs
text: around her body, snakes hold up her skirt, five skulls form
dialog: ber crown.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (VO)
dialog: "May I be a bed for all who wish
dialog: to rest,
dialog: and a slave for all who want a
dialog: slave."
text: Beside her, on the second scroll is MAHAKALA. He is the
text: fierce representation of the Buddha of Compassion. Crows
text: fly in the clouds to the left of the terrifying, black, six-
text: armed figure.
text: A skull rosary is held in the upper right arm, a Trident is
text: held in the left hand. The deity wears a crown of five
text: skulls. He has three eyes. He tramples an elephant.
text: We might have been in a dream, as the camera finally moves
text: back to find the peaceful1 protected face of the young Dalai
dialog: Lama. Asleep.
text: The camera moves across the mural devoted to the story of
text: the Fifth Dalai Lama. It is a fantasy of green, with
text: mountains and lakes and deities and monsters.
text: We find the statue of Seventh Dalai Lama, sitting on his
text: golden cushion, and we look, deep into the eyes of the
text: Thirteenth Dalai Lama. Fantastic. Deeper. Deeper.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: "May I be wishing jewel, a magic
dialog: vase...
text: VIEW THROUGH AN EYEPIECE
text: We see the Dalai Lama place his young eye at the viewfinder.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE, POTALA DAY
text: Norbu Thundrup holds the boy steady.
text: And, a wondorous view of Lhasa is presented.
text: Vendors hawk their goods to elegant ladies, wearing
text: turquoise jewelry and carrying silken parasols. Animals are
text: herded through town by young boys. Children play and
text: squabble. A white wall is covered with cartoons, lampoons -
text: political posters - picturing the Regent, perhaps, as a man
dialog: holding too much power.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I want to go down there.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: You can only go with attendants and a
dialog: big ceremony.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I want to run down the street.
dialog: I want to buy a toy. Eat from
dialog: the shops.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: You cannot.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I want to be a shepherd, taking those
text: goats and cows out to the hillside.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: But you are not a shepherd, you are
dialog: the Dalai Lama.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Maybe in the next life, the
dialog: world will not need a Dalai Lama.
speaker_heading: NORNU ThUNDRUP
dialog: I would not know. Maybe.
text: The view travels and we see a prison yard. Shackled men
text: share the yard with hairy, fat dogs.
text: One man looks up and sees that the yard is under
dialog: surveillance. Of course the men all know that this terrace
dialog: belongs to the boy Dalai Lama.
text: As the boy watches, first one poor, ragged man, then another
text: prostrates.
text: Tenzin Gyatso pulls away from the telescope. He waves to
dialog: the prisoners.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY OUTSIDE LHASA DAY (SUMMER, 1942)
text: The boy rides in his palanquin of yellow silk.
text: He is older now, seven or eight. He peers through the
dialog: curtain.
text: A grand procession carries the Dalai Lama from the Potala to
text: his summer residence, the Norbulinka.
text: Monks walk in procession, as do members of the aristocracy,
text: wearing their finest gowns and jewelry, holding their finest
text: parasols, and soldiers, wearing ancient uniforms. There are
text: horses, banners and carriages. Bodyguards carry the Dalai
text: Lama's possessions - wrapped in yellow silk. A band plays,
dialog: "God Save the King."
text: It is a magnificent display, and along the side of the road,
text: Tibetans prostrate in the presence of the boy, not daring to
text: look at him.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NORBULINKA DAY
text: Establishing shot of this lovely park.
text: Zt looks like a sweet, summer home compared to the looming
text: expansiveness of the Potala. It is filled with deer and
text: antelope, peacocks and nesting birds. An eccentric
text: collection of trees grow here - some indigenous, some
text: gifts - bearing flowers and fruit. There are fish ponds and
text: even a Kyichu river tributary nearby.
dialog: We find the young Dalai Lama standing by this tributary
text: daring to put one foot on a slippery, stepping stone. An
text: Attendant gently pulls him back.
text: Beyond the river, a herder leads a small group of braying
text: sheep towards town. The boy watches. He listens to the
text: herder's song.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: The Dalai Lama drops bits of food into a fish pond. He
text: calls the huge, lazy fish to come eat.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Little ones first, only
dialog: little ones.
text: The boy pushes the bigger ones away with a stick.
scene_heading: EXT. YELLOW WALL, NORBULINKA DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso runs through an open gate in a mustard yellow
text: wall (which separates the Dalai Lama's residence from the
text: rest of the Norbulinka), and up the steps leading to a
text: white, one story, home - his parent's.
scene_heading: INT. PARENT'S HOME, NORBULINKA DAY
text: A startling, blue room.
text: The young Dalai Lama leans on the table where is Father sits
text: eating pork rinds.
text: Lobsang is there, practicing his writing on a chalk board.
text: Tenzin Gyatso grabs one pork rind, then another, then a
dialog: third.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG SAMTEN
dialog: The Dalai Lama is not supposed
dialog: to eat pork. It is not good for
dialog: your brain.
text: The Father uses the grease from the roasted lamb on the
text: table to caress his long mustache and twirl each side into a
dialog: point.
text: The Dalai Lama takes another, and then, suddenly, the boy
text: reaches up and for no reason, he pulls on his Father's
text: mustache, obviously hurting the man. The Father slaps the
text: boy's hand, hard.
text: The boy sits back, and begins drawing imaginary letters on
text: the tabletop with his slapped hand.
text: His Father reaches out and takes the hurt hand. He pulls
text: the boy into his arms.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I am sorry, Lhamo.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: It is alright, Father.
text: The Master of the Robe knocks at the door. Father and son
dialog: look up.
scene_heading: MASTER OF THE ROBE
dialog: Kundun, you must come back now.
text: The young boy sits straight up on his Father's lap and says,
text: defiantly:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Go away.
text: The surprised Monk backs away from the door.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Not the way to talk to people.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Can I do anything I want?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: But, I am in charge.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Are you? Of whom?
text: The boy thinks.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Can I save the sheep from going
dialog: to the market? So they don't die.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: You could buy them.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Do I have money?
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Do you have money?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I do, now.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: And you have horses?
dialog: You love horses.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I do, beautiful horses.
dialog: Thank you, Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Will you buy the sheep for me?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Where will you keep them?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Here. We'll collect them.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I will buy them for you.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Can I free the prisoners?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Hmmm.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: You can't do anything real
dialog: until you are Dalai Lama.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I am him.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: Not until you are eighteen.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (OC)
dialog: You have escaped once more.
text: The Mother has been in the doorway, listening.
text: Tenzin Gyatso disengages from his Father's arms and goes to
text: his Mother. Tenzin reaches into one of her large, apron
text: pockets and finds nothing. Another. Nothing. He reaches
text: into her sash and pulls out a special-looking sweet. She
text: takes the boy's hand and leads him from the house.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: Go study. I get in trouble if you
dialog: do not study.
text: Lobsang looks at his Father.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Sometimes you strike the goat,
dialog: to scare the sheep.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG
dialog: I am the goat.
text: He is a naughty sheep.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: He will not be ours much longer.
text: CLOSE on the Father's face.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: The Mother walks the boy back to his residence, through the
text: gate in the yellow wall.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I have news. The Regent
dialog: has resigned his post.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Is he a bad man? Norbu says
text: he is "lavish" and "willful".
dialog: "How can he give you monk's vows
dialog: if he has not kept them
dialog: himself?"
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, some say.
dialog: It's not for you to worry about.
dialog: Another will be chosen.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: He was always nice to me.
dialog: He found me. He saw me in
dialog: his dreams.
scene_heading: EXT. DALAI LAMA'S RESIDENCE, NORBULINKA DAY
text: They have reached the residence. The boy's Mother caresses
text: his little head.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I turn you over again, today,
dialog: Lhamo. One day, you will not
dialog: be able to come running to us.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: But you will always be here?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: You will always!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I have one more piece of
text: news. A baby is coming.
text: Tenzin grabs at her stomach and shrieks with laughter.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Oh, Mama! Who will it be?
text: The Mother places her hands on Tenzin Gyatso's.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, no! Who can it be?
text: A string of old monks, stand, waiting for the naughty boy.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL, DALAI LAMA'S RESIDENCE, NORBULINKA,
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The boy runs up the stairs and towards the old men, but he
text: stops and looks at a small cabinet standing, unobtrusively,
text: in a corner. Tenzin Gyatso goes to the cabinet and rattles
text: the locked door.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: My teeth! My teeth are in here!
text: A monk takes the boy by the hand and leads him down a
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: My old teeth!
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, EVENING
text: A bell and a dorge are laid out on a small table. Tenzin
text: Gyatso sits in front of this table.
text: A monk is chanting in low, deep tones, in the background.
text: The Dalai Lama's teacher, TAKTRA RINPOCHE, sits on the
text: floor. (Being the teacher, Taktra Rinpoche sits slightly
text: higher than the Dalai Lama.) Taktra is an older man, in his
text: sixties. He is stern, solid, no-nonsense.
text: Taktra Rinpoche begins a prayer.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: "I take refuge in the three jewels,
dialog: The Buddha, the Dharma and
dialog: the Sangra."
text: But the boy leaps up from his table and goes to Taktra and
text: hangs around his neck, shouting:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: You recite!
dialog: You recite!
text: Taktra gives the boy just the slightest of looks.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: "I take refuge in the three jewels,
dialog: The Buddha, the Dharma and the
dialog: Sangra."
text: Tenzin Gyatso releases the Lama and goes back to his own
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: "Until I attain enlightenment."
text: Taktra Rinpoche has a small table with the same hand
text: instruments in front of him. The teacher lifts the dorge,
text: in a particular fashion, and rotates it.
text: Tenzin Gyatso lifts his dorge. Taktra's hands move to the
text: boy's and show him the correct movement. It is tried again.
text: Now, the bell is lifted and rung.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I would like you to be my new
dialog: Regent.
text: Taktra stops. He nods to the boy.
text: As the chanting continues, Taktra Rinpoche begins a weaving
text: motion with his hands, delicate, beautiful, hypnotic.
text: Tenzin Gyatso copies the elder.
text: We are CLOSE on the boy's moving hands. The chanting becomes
text: the voices of a hundred men, as we FADE OUT.
text: FADE IN: on the boy's hands, but they are a little larger -
text: they are the hands of an eleven or twelve year-old boy - and
text: the motion they carry out is on the verge of becoming
dialog: extraordinarily beautiful.
scene_heading: INT. DARK ROOM, POTALA EVENING (1944)
text: Tenzin Gyatso sits alone, in a small, dark green, room. He
text: is older. His robes have changed slightly, his manner is
text: more refined, more dignified.
text: He is on a retreat.
text: There is a soft knock at the door. The door is opened and
text: food is placed inside the small room by bodiless hands.
text: Tenzin Gyatso collects his food. He sips his tea and eats
text: his tsampa, while reading from a long, narrow stack of
dialog: scriptures. Thangkas of MILERAPA - the great Tibetan poet
text: and teacher - hang on the walls.
text: We notice the curly-toed shoes of the Master of the Kitchen,
text: just visible beneath the wooden door.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, THE POTALA NIGHT
text: The boy walks alone, moving to the rhythm of a memorization.
text: His breath consolidates in the cold night air. The sky is
text: brilliant with stars.
scene_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (reciting)
dialog: "As long as any living thing draws
dialog: breath, wherever he shall be, there,
dialog: in compassion, shall the Buddha
dialog: appear, incarnate."
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE POTALA DAY
text: School is in session.
text: LING RINPOCHE is teaching. Ling is a young, shy, brilliant
text: monk, with a very round face. He is now senior tutor.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: The Four Noble Truths.
text: Tenzin Gyatso, sitting cross legged on a cushion, responds.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: The Four Noble Truths, as
dialog: taught by the Lord
dialog: Sakyamuni Buddha are:
dialog: The Truth of Suffering
dialog: The Truth of the Cause of
dialog: Suffering, The Truth of the
dialog: Cessation of Suffering,
dialog: the Truth of the Way which
text: leads to the cessation of Suffering.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: I accept it.
dialog: What is suffering?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: True suffering arises
dialog: from contaminated actions
dialog: and afflictions. Birth,
dialog: illness, grief, old age,
dialog: poverty, pain, death - these
dialog: are surferings.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: I accept it.
dialog: What are the causes of suffering?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: The causes of suffering arise from
dialog: true sources. Attachment,
dialog: desire, envy, hatred, greed,
dialog: unkindness, wrong view and so forth -
dialog: these are some causes of suffering.
text: Now we CUT BACK to Ling Rinpoche, but he is standing,
text: outside, in a courtyard. He asks another question, but he
text: raises his right hand as he speaks, and lowers his left,
text: completing the question with a clap of the hands.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, THE POTALA DAY
text: It is a beautiful, blue-sky day. The Dalai Lama is learning
text: "debate". High Lamas sit on tapestry pillows, under
text: appliqued canopies, observing. Young monks can be seen,
text: watching, from a greater distance.
text: The Lord Chamberlain sits to one side. Taktra Rinpoche, now
text: Regent, is beside him.
text: The Dalai Lama sits on the ground at Ling's feet.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: How does one progress from
dialog: the realization of one Noble Truth to
dialog: another?
dialog: (clap)
text: A long silence from His Holiness. The Lamas wait on tender
text: hooks. Finally, the boy says:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: We will have to think about that.
text: There is laughter. Even Ling Rinpoche laughs and the boy
text: erupts into his beautiful, free, easy laugh.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I need to squeeze this brain.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: Answer.
dialog: (clap)
text: A pause, and then:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: When one understands that
dialog: he causes some of his own suffering,
text: needlessly, then he looks for
dialog: the causes in his own life.
dialog: And when and he looks for those
dialog: causes, when he investigates,
dialog: then he is putting confidence
dialog: in his own ability to eliminate
dialog: the sources and end the suffering.
dialog: A wish to find a path to peace
dialog: arises. For all beings desire
dialog: happiness. All wish to find
dialog: their purest selves.
text: Ling nods in approval.
text: He looks to the elders.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: I accept it.
text: Taktra Rinpoche and the Lord Chamberlain are proud.
scene_heading: EXT. SAME COURTYARD DUSK
text: Tenzin Gyatso runs up a slant board and leaps off the edge -
text: a big jump, a flying leap. He falls to the ground, then
text: gets up, laughing, and runs up the board again.
text: The same old monks who watched him debate, watch him play.
text: The Lord Chamberlain and Taktra Rinpoche are among them.
text: The Lord Chamberlain obviously loves watching his young
text: charge play. The Regent is not so sure.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: Careful! Careful!
dialog: Tenzin Gyatso shouts:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I need to jump!
dialog: I love to jump!
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE POTALA NIGHT
dialog: The Nechung Oracle is the protective deity of Tibet.
text: Tonight, he is in full trance. It is an amazing sight.
text: The monk who is his medium spins and twirls, he wags his
text: heavy headdress about. A round mirror glitters on his
text: chest. Sweat pours from his brow, over his wildly grimacing
dialog: face.
text: The Oracle spits at the government officials in the room.
text: Horns blow, cymbals crash, incense burns. The Oracle nears
text: the Dalai Lama and retreats from him. Finally, he whispers
text: in the boy's ear.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Heed the warning of your predecessor.
dialog: Or the war will end here.
text: And then, the Oracle gently straightens Tenzin Gyatso's
text: yellow robes, before the trance ends and the Oracle falls
text: into the arms of his attendants.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS NIGHT
text: Wind whistles through the Potala's hallways and porticos.
text: The Master of the Kitchen is clearing away the dinner
dialog: dishes.
text: The view of the floor reveals that a "toy" war is being
dialog: waged.
text: With a "Meccano" set, the young Dalai Lama has created what
text: looks like an airplane, and a tank. These vehicles are
text: manned by beautifully detailed lead soldiers - British World
dialog: War One Field soldiers, French Legionaries and American
dialog: Artillery men.
text: Norbu Thundrup, is flying low with a tsampa~dough airplane.
text: He drops little tsampa-dough bombs from his hand. He hits a
text: tank and knocks down a few lead soldiers.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Oh, nicely done, Norbu. I will
dialog: get you.
text: The Lord Chamberlain enters.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: May I listen to the news with you,
dialog: Holiness?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Please.
text: A large, old-fashioned, short-wave radio broadcasts that
text: there is still a real war in progress. The BBC report is of
text: the Pacific front.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: How big is Tibet's army?
speaker_heading: LORD CPIAMBERLAIN
text: Roughly five thousand men.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Is that big?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: No. Not very big.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
text: The Regent is adding men.
dialog: And he bought rifles
dialog: and ammunition from India.
dialog: Mountain guns, too.
text: The broadcast reports news of the civil war in China.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Will we be in this war?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: No. This war is almost over.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Will we ever be in war?
text: The Lord Chamberlain is silent. Norbu answers.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: We have enemies.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: The Chinese.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: But, surely, we are safe in Tibet.
dialog: We don't believe in killing.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: No, we don't.
text: Tenzin Gyatso gets to his feet and takes an atlas from his
text: table. He lays the book open on the floor.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: This is Britain.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Ahh.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Where is Poland?
text: The Lord chamberlain sits on the floor. He points to
dialog: Poland.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Where is Pearl Harbor?
text: The Master of the Kitchen comes to look at the atlas.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
text: In the Pacific Ocean. It is an
dialog: island. American territory.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Where is Alsace?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: I do not know, Holiness.
text: Tenzin Gyatso turns to a well thumbed page: Tibet.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: This is Tibet.
dialog: And this is China.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Ahh.
text: They all look at huge China.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Certainly, we are safe in Tibet.
text: No one answers.
text: Finally, as Norbu Thundrup begins to gather up the tsampa-
dialog: dough:
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: We hope, Kundun.
text: Tenzin Gyatso turns to the Lord Chamberlain.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What was the warning of the
dialog: Thirteenth Dalai Lama?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: He warned about the future of
dialog: Tibet.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: When it is time.
scene_heading: INT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: His Holiness works on an old movie projector. A white-
text: haired, CHINESE MONK works with him. The old Monk has very
text: little patience. He bangs his hand on the table, and huffs
text: and puffs as the two try again to fiddle with this and that.
text: Tenzin Gyatso works diligently and calmly.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Patience is the first of the Six
dialog: Perfections.
text: The old Monk mutters something in Chinese. They thread a
text: roll of dusty film into the reel and spin the wheel. The
text: film breaks. The old monk bangs the table again. The work
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: One day, we will get that automobile
dialog: running.
text: The monks slaps his head in horrid anticipation.
scene_heading: INT. DARK ROOM, NORBULINKA NIGHT
text: A movie begins, shown on a piece of cloth tacked to a wall.
text: It is a newsreel - footage from World War One. The
dialog: trenches.
text: The boy goes up to the cloth screen and touches it gently,
text: playing with his own shadow as men dash from foxholes across
text: a muddy, body strewn field.
text: The boy steps back and stares at the horror of real war;
text: men sleeping in the muddy foxholes, make-shift hospitals
dialog: tend the dying. Youths - not much older than His Holiness -
text: weep into their filthy, bloody hands.
text: The Old Monk keeps his trembling hand on the noisy, hand-
dialog: operated, projector.
text: Tenzin Gyatso slowly sits, cross-legged, on the bare floor.
text: War does not look good on film.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, NORBULINKA NIGHT
text: The boy sits alone, in front of his altar, praying.
text: Meditating.
scene_heading: INT. ALTAR ROOM, THE NORBULINKA DAY
text: A black room, lit by butter lamps.
text: Taktra Rinpoche and Tenzin Gyatso sit opposite one another,
text: cross-legged on the floor. Taktra is the teacher, he sits a
dialog: bit higher.
text: The room is a shrine to Mahakala, the Dalai Lama's personal
text: deity. Mahakala is present, in the form of a huge, golden
dialog: statue.
text: The boy has his head bent low to catch the Rinpoche's words.
text: There is much gesturing, much murmuring. We might catch
dialog: only a word or two.
text: An oral teaching is being passed on, a lineage teaching. It
dialog: is sacred and secret.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER COURTYARD, THE POTALA DAY
text: CLOSE on a thangka of Penden Lhamo.
text: We hear monks debating. It is Ling Rinpoche answering,
text: playing the student.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: "To be born in a time when the
text: Buddha has appeared.
dialog: To be born in a time when the
dialog: Buddha has taught.
dialog: To be born when the teaching of
dialog: Buddha is alive."
text: We find His Holiness, sitting, listening to the debate.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: "To be born where the dharma is
dialog: practiced.
dialog: To be born in a time when people have
dialog: compassion for other people."
text: The view widens now and we are under a softly billowing,
text: appliqued canopy. Maybe fifty monks and lamas are present.
dialog: This is an informal group.
speaker_heading: QUESTIONER
dialog: How is human life precious?
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: As a result of previous karma,
dialog: you have obtained this human life.
dialog: By means of this rebirth, through
dialog: work and study, you can attain all
text: everlasting happiness.
dialog: In the words of Shantideva:
dialog: "With the boat of this precious life,
dialog: You can cross the waters of Samsara.
dialog: How rare to find this boat!"
dialog: "Oh, ignorant one, do not fall
dialog: asleep now!"
text: Shots ring out.
text: The men jump to their feet, and rush out from under the
text: canopy. The Dalai Lama is right in front.
text: More shots as the men stare out across the countryside.
dialog: We hear murmurs of:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Sera, Sera Monastery.
text: Reting. Under arrest. The
text: army is taking him right past Sera!
dialog: Monastery! Those crazy monks! Have
dialog: been threatening trouble.
dialog: Reting tried to assassinate
dialog: Taktra Rinpoche.
text: We hear these snippets as the Dalai Lama runs from the group.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS, POTALA DAY
text: It is almost black inside this old building. The panting
text: boy runs up and up and up several staircases.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso runs down the hall and enters his red rooms.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DAY
text: Norbu Thundrup is in the room and he moves ahead of the boy
text: - out to the terrace.
scene_heading: EXT. DALAI LAMA'S TERRACE DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso climbs up on a small, wooden platform, and
text: mans his telescope.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
text: It's the army, firing on
dialog: Sera Monastery!
dialog: Oh, no! Oh, no!
text: The shooting continues.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Why is this? What is happening?
dialog: Tell me!
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Reting Rinpoche has been
dialog: arrested. He tried to
dialog: overthrow Regent Taktra.
text: Today, he is brought back
dialog: to Lhasa by government officials.
dialog: The monks at Sera Monastery
dialog: have been on his side. Now,
dialog: there is trouble between them
dialog: and the army.
text: The Lord Chamberlain arrives on the terrace.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: I am sorry for you to have to
dialog: witness this, Kundun.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Look here!
text: The Lord Chamberlain peers through the telescope as the
text: shooting continues.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
text: Tragic. Unnecessary.
text: The Lord Chamberlain steps away from the telescope and the
text: boy takes his place.
text: The shooting slowly stops.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Holiness?
dialog: I have a letter.
text: The boy looks up.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: The Thirteenth Dalai Lama's warning.
dialog: He wrote to you, the year before he
dialog: died. The year before you were born.
text: The Lord Chamberlain walks to a far, sheltered end of the
dialog: terrace.
text: Tenzin Gyatso slowly turns the telescope to see the prison
dialog: yard.
text: View through the telescope; the yard is full of prisoners,
text: listening to the shooting. One man sees the telescope aimed
text: at the prison and prostrates. Then another, and another.
text: Tenzin Gyatso steps away from the telescope and turns to
dialog: follow his Lord Chamberlain.
scene_heading: EXT. OTHER SIDE OF TERRACE DAY
text: The Lord Chamberlain opens a yellowing letter and begins to
text: read. Tenzin Gyatso sits down beside him.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: "It may happen, that here
dialog: in Tibet, religion and
dialog: government will be attacked
text: both from without and within.
dialog: Unless we guard our own country..."
text: CLOSE on the Lord Chamberlain. Today, he appears tired;
text: the whites of his eyes appear enormous. His voice is quite
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: "...it will now happen that
dialog: the Dalai and Panchen Lamas, the
dialog: Father and the Son, and all
dialog: the revered holders of the faith,
dialog: will disappear and become
dialog: nameless."
text: Tenzin Gyatso unwinds the rosary from his wrist and begins
text: thumbing the brown beads.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: "Monks and their monasteries will be
dialog: destroyed.
dialog: The rule of law will be weakened.
dialog: The lands and properties will be
dialog: seized. They themselves will
dialog: be forced to serve their enemies
dialog: or wander the country like
dialog: beggars."
dialog: "All beings will be sunk
dialog: in great hardship and overwhelming
dialog: fear; the days and nights will
dialog: drag on slowly in suffering."
text: He is finished.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What can I do? I am only
text: a boy.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: You are the man who wrote this
dialog: letter. You are the man who has come
dialog: back to lead us. You will soon have
dialog: great responsibilities. You must
dialog: know what to do.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, ADJACENT ROOM, DAY
text: The Regent and the Lord Chamberlain are present.
text: Also present is the KASHAG - a council of four men: one
text: monk, three laymen. They are the Dalai Lama's advisory
dialog: cabinet.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOM DAY
text: The boy rises from his desk. Norbu says:
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: You remember who you are.
dialog: You called for them.
text: Tenzin Gyatso enters the adjacent room.
scene_heading: INT. ADJACENT ROOM DAY
text: The boy climbs onto a cushion and sits - a head above his
text: officials. He is tentative, unsure of form and procedure.
text: There is an awkward, formal silence. Then:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Taktra Rinpoche, I understand
dialog: there was an attempt on your
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: It is possible, Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: You are unharmed?
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: Completely.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Good. Where is Reting Rinpoche now?
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: He has been imprisoned, here in the
dialog: Potala, Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: The Sera monks have surrendered?
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
text: It is calm.
text: The boy motions to the table.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Please, have tea.
text: The tea is poured.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I need to know what you
dialog: know. I am no longer a child.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Ask whatever you will.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What is the danger from the
dialog: Chinese, now?
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: Very complicated, Holiness.
dialog: Let me tell you current news.
dialog: The Chinese have launched a deceptive
dialog: campaign aimed at convincing the
dialog: world that Tibet belongs to China.
dialog: We sent a mission to the Chinese
dialog: National Conference. Our attendance
dialog: was a grave mistake. The Tibetans
dialog: were introduced as delegates from the
dialog: "Chinese region of Tibet".
dialog: We protested this reference and
dialog: demanded a letter rebutting it.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Did you receive the letter?
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: We did not.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
text: The war is over.
dialog: This is a time in when nations are
text: redefining themselves.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: So, Tibet, too, needs to define
dialog: itself.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Yes. As a free country.
dialog: But our attempts have proven
dialog: futile. We continue to be
text: badly outmaneuvered by the Chinese.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Can India help us?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: India is a newly independent
text: nation. They are struggling.
dialog: India is in no position
dialog: to help us.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Britain?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Britain chooses not to.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: And, America?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: America, we shall see.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Ask the Chinese mission to leave
dialog: our country. Immediately.
text: A shocking suggestion.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Quite simple. Yes. Good.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I shall send a letter to America,
dialog: to the President, informing him of
dialog: our problem.
dialog: The men agree to this.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I want Reting Rinpoche well cared
dialog: for. He is my teacher. He found me.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOM NIGHT
text: The Dalai Lama sits at his desk, writing a letter.
text: The radio is on. It is the BBC - with news of a Communist
dialog: advantage in Kuomintang China.
text: Norbu Thundrup enters. The boy looks up.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Listen to this, Norbu.
dialog: (he reads):
dialog: To
dialog: Mr Truman
dialog: The President of the United States of America
dialog: I am glad that you are enjoying the best of health and
dialog: doing good service to uplift the happiness and
dialog: prosperity of the whole world. Here, I am well and
dialog: doing my best for the religion of Lord Buddha and
dialog: welfare of all beings.
dialog: This is all, so far.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
text: Reting Rinpoche has died in prison.
text: Tenzin Gyatso lays down his pen.
scene_heading: EXT. DALAI LAMA'S TERRACE NIGHT
text: Tenzin Gyatso is alone. He has a little smelting
text: arrangement built out on the terrace. He lays a lead
text: soldier on the hot bottom of a heavy, metal bowl.
text: CLOSE on the soldier. It begins to melt.
text: The boy has a pile of the soldiers. He drops a second one
text: in the bowl.
text: We bear the sounds of Lhasa - laughter, street songs - and
text: we see the stars, hanging, it seems, just above the young
text: boy's head.
scene_heading: EXT. NORBULINKA DAY
text: The young Tenzin Gyatso bursts through the gate in the
text: Yellow Wall and runs across the beautiful garden to his
dialog: parents's home.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS'S HOME, NORBULINKA DAY
text: A family gathering meets the boy's eye when he enters.
text: There is his Mother, his oldest sister, Tsering Dolma,
text: Lobsang Samten, a younger sister, Pema, baby brother Tendzin
text: Chuta, and his oldest brother, Takster.
dialog: We don't recognize these faces, of course, but the gathering
text: is obviously familial.
text: Only the boy's Father is missing.
text: Tenzin Gyatso goes to his Mother and lays his head in her
dialog: lap.
text: On an altar behind her, is a silver frame. In the frame is
text: a picture of her husband.
speaker_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP DAWN
text: The body of the Dalai Lama's Father lays on a flat boulder.
text: Incense smoke curls into the air. Prayer wheels are turned,
text: hand drums are played - the burial men stand off to one
text: side, their hatchets and knives in view.
text: Tenzin Gyatso is present. He is the boy we know, but beside
text: him stands the four year-old boy, Lhamo, from the beginning
text: of the movie, and on the other side of him stands the boy
text: who will play the Dalai Lama in the next section of the film
dialog: - a boy about fifteen or sixteen.
text: Tenzin Gyatso wraps his brown rosary around his left wrist.
text: The beads catch the brilliant afternoon light. The sixteen
text: year-old Dalai Lama wears the same colored rosary around his
text: left wrist.
text: The cutters move in to the corpse, and as we hear them begin
text: the work of dismembering the body, the view pans up to
text: reveal the vultures circling overhead.
text: The last person leaving the hilltop with is the Dalai Lama
text: as an older man - not a character from this movie - but a
text: man of about fifty years, wearing glasses, wearing the same
text: robes, the same rosary. Little Lhamo walks beside him.
scene_heading: END DREAM SEQUENCE
scene_heading: EXT. SKY OVER TIBET NIGHT
text: We hear a loud explosion, and then another and another and
text: another. The sound begins to fade, but the blue-black,
text: peaceful, star-filled sky is shattered by bright bursts of
text: red and yellow and pink light.
text: It is a frightening sight.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN, NORBULINKA DAWN (1950)
text: The still waters of the fish pond begin to move. The fish
text: swim in nervous circles; the water laps over its stone
dialog: banks.
scene_heading: EXT. DALAI LAMA'S RESIDENCE DAWN
text: The whole building shakes. Earthquake.
text: One monk runs down the stairs, another monk runs up, both
text: staring at a second floor window - a black-rimmed, glass
dialog: window.
text: A red cloth is pulled back and the window is opened.
text: The fifteen year-old Tenzin Gyatso looks out.
text: There is a terrible rumbling: the rumbling that accompanies
text: an earthquake. Finally, slowly, the sound, and the movement
text: subsides.
text: CLOSE on Tenzin Gyatso. He lets the curtain fall.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL, THE POTALA DAY
text: The General Assembly is in session.
text: Once again, the Yigstang and the Tsitang - four monks and
text: four laymen - sit facing one another. But the room is
dialog: crowded today - this is a full session. The Lord
text: chamberlain sits in. Regent Taktra is there.
text: The senior Layman is on his knees.
speaker_heading: LAYMAN
dialog: The Communist have control of
dialog: China.
text: In the back of the room we notice an open door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY DAY
text: The Dalai Lama is listening. He stands taller than the
dialog: first time we caught him eavesdropping. He still is not a
text: part of this assembly, but he doesn't seem to care if he is
dialog: spotted.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: The Layman continues.
speaker_heading: LAYMAN
text: Now, as his great army, stands idle
dialog: on our borders, Chairman Mao has
dialog: presented Tibet with three demands:
dialog: One, Tibet must accept that
dialog: it is part of China.
text: A murmuring in the room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY DAY
text: Shock on the face of His Holiness.
speaker_heading: LAYMAN (OC)
dialog: Two, Tibet's defenses must
dialog: be handled by China.
dialog: Three, all political and trade
dialog: matters concerning foreign countries
dialog: must be conducted through China.
text: A voice shouts out:
scene_heading: VOICE IN BACK OF ROOM (OC)
dialog: Give the Dalai Lama his majority!
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: The senior Monk is on his knees.
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: We can concede that Tibet is a part
dialog: of China if we can guarantee that
dialog: the Dalai Lama's name and authority
dialog: will remain...
speaker_heading: LAYMAN
dialog: And do you believe that the Tibetan
dialog: government will be allowed to
dialog: continue to function as it is?
dialog: Do you believe that our religion
dialog: will be protected?
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Give the Dalai Lama his majority!
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: We have dealt with this Chinese
dialog: obsession for hundreds of years.
dialog: We can deal with it now.
speaker_heading: LAYMAN
dialog: These are not the Chinese we know.
dialog: These are Communists.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Make him Dalai Lama now!
text: We see the Lord Chamberlain look toward the open door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso looks at his advisor, and then, he closes the
text: door as the demand for his enthronement continues.
text: He walks down the hall, past the door leading to the
text: treasure room, alone now - an adult. He is wearing those
text: European, lace-up shoes found in the treasure room so long
text: ago. They are still too big for him.
scene_heading: EXT. TRIBUTARY OF THE KYICHU RIVER, NORBULINKA DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso and Taktra Rinpoche walk side by side along
dialog: the waterway.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: If we agree that we are part of
dialog: China, nothing else will matter.
dialog: Not trade, not defense. We will be
dialog: lost.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: What would you do, Holiness?
text: The boy looks out over the water.
text: Shepherds are leading their flock of sheep back toward town
text: on the far side of the tributary.
text: The two men stand side by side, one so young, one seeming so
dialog: old.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What should I do about my doubt,
dialog: Teacher?
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
text: It is a difficult situation.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I mean, my doubt. Why me?
dialog: Am I Him?
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
text: Doubt is an affliction. Reliquish
dialog: it. Accept.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I believe we must make no concesions
dialog: to the Chinese. But, I am one voice.
dialog: The Dalai Lama has always trusted in
dialog: the forces of Buddha. Let us consult
dialog: the protective deities.
text: Taktra Rinpoche bows and leaves him.
text: Tenzin Gyatso stands alone by the river. The boy watches
text: the herders, and before the young shepherds disappear from
text: sight, the Dalai Lama turns and waves a hand behind him.
text: Two Bodyguards approach. We can not hear, but as the Dalai
text: Lama walks away from us, down the river, one Bodyguard runs
text: up river, shouting:
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD (shouting)
dialog: We will buy them! We will buy them!
scene_heading: INT. ALTAR ROOM, NORBULINKA DAY
text: In this black room, under the protective view of the statue
text: of Mahakala, a divine lottery is performed.
dialog: Tenzin Gyatso, the Regent Taktra Rinpoche, The Lord
text: chamberlain, the Kashag, the Yigstang and the Tsitang are
dialog: all present.
text: Tsampa-dough balls are made, three of them, each containing
text: a strip of parchment, bearing writing. The dough is shaped
dialog: and weighed to see that each ball is equal.
text: Then, the three balls are placed in a silver bowl and the
text: bowl is spun. The balls whirl, race, and finally one leaps
text: from the bowl.
text: This ball is taken to the Dalai Lama and he makes a mark on
text: it. The ball is returned to the bowl, the procedure is
text: repeated, and a ball leaps again, almost immediately. This
text: ball is presented and the Dalai Lama places his mark - next
text: to the mark he just made. It is the same ball.
text: Tenzin Gyatso makes the twelfth mark on the same ball, and
text: the spinning begins again and then the thirteenth mark, and
text: then the ball is broken open and the strip of parchment
dialog: handed to the Regent.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: We should not accept any conditions
dialog: from the Chinese.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: In a paved area, adjacent to the Yellow Wall which marks the
text: Dalai Lama's private grounds, the Opera Festival has begun.
dialog: This festival involves performances by Tibetan singers,
text: dancers and actors. It looks to be a joyous occasion;
text: officials and their wives are dressed in their finest and
text: sit before beautifully laid picnics. Children run here and
text: there, amidst the monks and nomads, the swashbuckling
text: Khambas from eastern Tibet (large people, with heavy braids
text: wrapped in red cloth on top of their heads). There are
text: westerners, Nepalese and Sikimese.
text: Dancers - dressed in wild, colorful outfits - spin and leap
text: in time to the eerie, Tibetan music.
text: Atop a low building on the Yellow Wall, stands an elaborate
text: enclosure - draped in yellow silk.
text: The Dalai Lama sits inside it.
scene_heading: INT. ENCLOSURE DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso is alone in this little room; his arms rest
text: on a window ledge as he stares down at the festival taking
text: place below him.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS DAY
text: A bit more of the dancers and the people enjoying themselves
text: - all from the isolated point of view of the Dalai Lama.
dialog: We recognize a few characters: Keustang Rinpoche. His
text: Holiness's Mother with her younger children, the favorite
text: sweeper, Norbu Thundrup - dressed in a fine hat.
text: But a distant figure becomes apparent - he is a MESSENGER -
text: he is running, through the crowds, toward the Yellow Wall.
text: We stay on this desperate little figure as he draws closer.
scene_heading: INT. ENCLOSURE DAY
text: The boy is watching the Messenger.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS DAY
text: Back to that messenger as he works his way, ever closer to
text: the building which holds the Dalai Lama aloft, and then we
text: lose sight of him.
scene_heading: INT. ENCLOSURE DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso leans back in his seat. The yellow silk
text: curtain that his elbows have held open now fall closed and
text: we hear the heavy footsteps of the runner.
text: A knock.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE (OC)
dialog: Enter.
text: The Regent is next door.
text: The boy climbs up on a chest and peeks through a tiny window
text: in the wall which separates this enclosure from the
dialog: Regent's.
text: Taktra Rinpoche reads a telegram. His aging
text: face becomes quite grave.
text: The Regent leaves his side of the enclosure.
speaker_heading: REGENT (OC)
dialog: Summon the Lord Chamberlain and
dialog: the Kashag.
text: And then, there is a knock on the Dalai Lama's door.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Enter.
dialog: It is the Regent.
speaker_heading: REGENT TAKTRA
dialog: Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: REGENT TAKTRA
dialog: The Chinese have invaded.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: Back to a new group of performers - satirists, dressed as
text: high lamas and monks - even as the Nechung Oracle -
text: lampooning the rulers. The crowd roars with laughter.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, NORBULINKA DUSK
text: The Lord Chamberlain stands with the teenage Dalai Lama.
text: The room is a violent red in the sunset.
text: Tenzin Gyatso has cleared off his table, he is creating a
text: three-dimensional battlefield as his Lord Chamberlain
text: explains the situation. Tenzin Gyatso uses papers, books,
dialog: little statues to bring a physical life to the words we
dialog: hear.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: They crossed the river, Holiness.
dialog: They have invaded in six locations,
dialog: Chando Province, Kham, eastern Tibet.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What is the size of our army, now?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Eight thousand, five hundred,
text: soldiers and officers.
dialog: We have recently requested mortars,
dialog: anti-aircraft guns and ammunition
dialog: from India. We have several hundred
text: in the area.
text: Little statues are placed facing what stands-in for the
dialog: river.
text: The Lord Chamberlain helps the boy to create this panorama.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Has anyone died?
speaker_heading: LORD CHMBERLAIN
dialog: The radio contact said one
dialog: officer had died. Then he
dialog: said, "The Chinese soldiers -
dialog: they are coming."
text: And then, the radio went dead.
text: Tenzin Gyatso lifts one statue, a small, golden Buddha, from
text: the display. He cradles the Buddha in his hands.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
text: One man. A man has died.
dialog: One man is too many.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: In beautiful sunlight, the painted cabinets of this room
text: glisten. Rainbows of color play on the glass windows. The
text: Dalai Lama sits at a low table, a pack of colored pencils,
text: or pastels, spread out around him. He is teaching his
dialog: little brother to draw.
text: Together, little hand in bigger hand, they draw.
text: The Dalai Lama's Mother sits in a side chair, watching her
dialog: sons.
text: The little boy screams with laughter as the brothers draw a
dialog: yak.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA NIGHT
text: A movie is being shown - outside - on a makeshift screen.
dialog: It is "Henry the Fourth".
dialog: This is a treat for the sweepers, and gardeners and
text: servants. children sit on the grass, mesmerized by this
dialog: incredible vision.
text: Tenzin Gyatso sits beside Heinrich Harrer.
text: The boy rubs his eyes wearily. He appears distracted.
text: This line is spoken by an actor:
speaker_heading: ACTOR IN MOVIE
dialog: "Heavy lies the head, that
dialog: wears the crown."
text: CLOSE on Tenzin Gyatso.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD BEHIND NORBULINKA DAY
text: The Dalai Lama sits behind the wheel of a 1927 Austin. He
text: is a lousy driver - a boy who never commanded a wheeled
text: vehicle in all of his young life.
text: The Attendants sit in the back seat, holding on for dear
dialog: life.
text: We hear Tenzin Gyatso's wonderful, deep laugh.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOM, THE POTALA NIGHT
text: Tenzin Gyatso is listening to Peking Radio. Norbu Thundrup
text: is with him.
text: The boy tinkers with a clock as he listens - he is swiftly
dialog: becoming a master tinkerer.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: "This week, the People's
dialog: Liberation Army crossed the Drichu
dialog: River east of Chamdo and began
dialog: the peaceful liberation
dialog: of Tibet.
text: Tibet is in the hands of
dialog: imperialist enemies of
dialog: the people. The Dalai
dialog: Lama, a foolish reminder
dialog: of an illiterate past,
text: is the figure head of
dialog: this autonomous region
dialog: of China. Accept our
dialog: help, Tibet! The people
dialog: shall be free!"
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What do the people say, Norbu?
text: Norbu is not shy in his report.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Tibetan officials have retreated from
dialog: Chamdo. They are scared and
dialog: running. The Chinese strategy has
dialog: destroyed the heart of our defense
text: forces. Chamdo falls, several other
dialog: villages are lost. You know what
dialog: happens. The road to Lhasa will be
text: wide open.
text: Tenzin Gyatso listens carefully to the man.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: The people want you made Dalai Lama.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Then, I am lucky.
dialog: I am still too young.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: These are dangerous times.
dialog: They want the Dalai Lama to lead
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: But, I have no experience.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Oh, but you do, Kundun.
dialog: Who else would be here?
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE POTALA NIGHT
text: The Nechung Oracle spins in his trance. Horns blow, cymbals
text: clash, the Oracle spurts sounds as lamas chant.
text: Finally, the Oracle approaches the boy, stands beside him,
text: like a lieutenant, a comrade, and says:
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: "His time has come."
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE, THE POTALA DAY
dialog: The Dalai Lama is reading - Tibet's appeal to the United
dialog: Nations.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: "To the members of the United
dialog: Nations:
dialog: The attention of the world is
dialog: riveted on Korea where aggression
dialog: is being resisted by an international
text: force. Similar happenings in remote
text: Tibet are passing without notice.
dialog: The problem is not of Tibet's
dialog: own making but is largely the outcome
dialog: of unthwarted Chinese ambition
dialog: to bring weaker nations on her
dialog: periphery within her active
dialog: domination."
dialog: This is very good. Quite strong.
text: The Lord Chamberlain and the four members of the Kashag
dialog: agree.
text: The boy continues:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: "Tibetans have for long lived a
dialog: cloistered life in their mountain
dialog: fastness, remote and aloof..."
text: In the background, we see monks on top of a wall, long horns
text: in front of them. The blowing begins.
text: In a courtyard below, a debating session is in progress. We
text: hear the shouts and the claps and watch the beautiful body
text: movements of the questioners. Laughter fills the air.
text: Below that, the small capital of Tibet - the mysterious
text: city, the forbidden city of Lhasa - carries on, for now.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE POTALA NIGHT
text: A monk - an abbot, in fact - sits beside Tenzin Gyatso.
text: It is Takster Rinpoche, the Dalai Lama's oldest brother.
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: I was never alone. Two Chinese
dialog: were with me every minute of the day.
text: Tenzin Gyatso plays with a box of those special sweets which
text: comes from his mother.
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: Their talk is always of liberation
dialog: and helpfulness. They put their
dialog: words like honey on a knife, but if
dialog: you lick the honey, you will bleed.
text: Takster Rinpoche begins to say something, but holds back.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Tell me.
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: They think they have convinced me.
dialog: They think I am on their side.
dialog: They have allowed me to leave Kumbum
dialog: and come to Lhasa believing that I
dialog: will try to turn you to their ways.
dialog: If I do not succeed, I am to
dialog: eliminate you.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: You, kill me?
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: Eliminate you.
text: The tension is great, the idea profound.
speaker_heading: TARSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: I can be Governor of Lhasa,
dialog: they say.
text: The brothers try to resist, but cannot. They laugh like
dialog: crazy.
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: Don't eat all those sweets.
dialog: You'll get sick.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Do you remember the day I came to
dialog: your monastery, when I was a baby?
dialog: And you comforted me?
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I remember, too, actually.
dialog: I was frightened then.
dialog: I am frightened now.
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: The Chinese have one goal. The
dialog: complete dissolution of our nation.
dialog: The destruction of our culture.
dialog: There is no room for Buddha in
dialog: their world.
dialog: Our only hope is to fight.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: We cannot.
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: This is not a fight to put
text: bread just in one's own mouth.
dialog: This is a fight for Tibet.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Buddha teaches that we must learn
dialog: from our enemy. We have compassion
dialog: for all people.
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: These are not human beings.
dialog: They are worse than ghosts.
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: You are in great danger. The Dalai
dialog: Lama cannot fall into Chinese hands.
dialog: You must flee.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: How could I ever leave?
scene_heading: TAKSTER RINPOCHE
dialog: It may not be your decision to make.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE POTALA DAY
text: In the adjacent room, the four members of the Kashag and the
text: Lord Chamberlain are waiting.
text: The Dalai Lama enters the room.
text: The boy goes to a small table where a document is unrolled
text: before him.
text: Tenzin Gyatso lifts the gold seal of power and affixes it to
dialog: the document.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I accept it.
text: He makes his mark on a small piece of parchment that is
text: attached to the document.
text: He has accepted the request to be enthroned.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS HOUR BEFORE DAWN
text: The Master of the Robe is helping Tenzin Gyatso to dress.
text: He ties a piece of green cloth around his waist and helps
text: him on with his maroon robes.
text: Norbu is there, watching.
scene_heading: INT. HALLS OF THE POTALA PRE-DAWN
text: Tenzin Gyatso walks down this dark hall. The three
text: attendants are with him.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE DAWN
text: It is very dark green. Butter lamps highlight certain faces
text: - members of the Kashag, noblemen, the tutors, an
dialog: Englishman, Nepalese, Bhutanese, Tibetan Muslims - but the
text: darkness conceals the great number of people present.
text: We hear the unmistakable Tibetan horns and cymbals. We hear
text: the chanting of monks.
text: The boy is handed a Golden Wheel, symbolizing the assumption
dialog: of temporal power.
text: At one moment, the Lamas all put on their yellow hats - a
text: color that peeks at us out of this dark room. And we hear a
dialog: voice:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (VO)
dialog: We shall send delegations to
dialog: America, India, Nepal and Great
dialog: Britain, in hope that these countries
dialog: will intervene on our behalf.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE POTALA DAY
text: The Dalai Lama addresses the Yistang, the Tsitang.
text: Two new faces are present.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: We have telegraphed our appeal to the
text: United Nations and await its reply.
dialog: I am sending a delegation to China
dialog: to negotiate the Chinese withdrawal.
text: He looks around these rooms.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: It seems that I must depart Lhasa.
dialog: The majority wills it.
dialog: Lukhangwa and Lobsang Tashi?
text: The two men rise to their knees - LUKHANGWA, an incredible
text: looking layman, with a long white beard, and LOBSANG TASHI,
dialog: a monk.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I am making you my Prime Ministers.
dialog: You will stay here.
dialog: You must always keep me informed,
dialog: no matter how bad the news.
dialog: I want plain information.
text: The men bow to His Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Today, I declare a general
dialog: amnesty.
dialog: I have always wanted to free the
dialog: prisoners.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE POTALA DUSK
text: Tenzin Gyatso is packing. We hear whispers in the adjacent
text: room as the Masters of the Robe and the Ritual organize
text: belongings into piles: rolled thangkas, precious
text: manuscripts, maroon robes, a few english books, the radio.
text: The boy finds a few golden coins in a drawer and slips them
text: into his robes.
text: Tenzin Gyatso adds a package of tools, an atlas, the photo
dialog: of the Thirteenth Dalai Lama, the European shoes. Then, he
text: goes to the terrace.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE, THE POTALA DUSK
text: The boy does not need a footstool anymore.
text: He glides the telescope across the countryside, catching
text: sight of the young herders leading their sheep back into
text: town. He picks up a corner of the market place and the hub-
text: bub of the end of the day. Wall posters show Tibetan
text: soldiers fleeing the Red Army.
text: And then, he aims his view-finder at the prison yard.
text: It is empty. The prisoners are gone.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP (OC)
dialog: It's time to take this down.
text: Tenzin Gyatso lets go of the eyepiece and turns to see
dialog: Norbu.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: You will not come?
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: No, Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Am I running away?
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: The people will cry when
dialog: they learn you are gone.
dialog: But they would all want you
dialog: safe.
text: Together, the friends break-down the telescope.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Let me take this.
text: Norbu folds up the tripod.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: You must study very hard, do not
dialog: neglect the holy things during this
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I will miss you.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: We have had fun, you and I.
text: Fun for a little boy in an old
dialog: palace.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: We have.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: You have grown up very good.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: And you have grown older and
dialog: your chin has grown balder.
text: Norbu laughs. The telescope is wrapped.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: Tonight, Kundun, you see the world.
dialog: You place your feet on the
text: shepherd boy's path.
text: Norbu Thundrup ties a tight knot in a cord.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: "The Gods will be avenged."
text: CLOSE on the gold seal of state as it is packed in a silk-
dialog: lined box.
scene_heading: EXT. POTALA WALLS NIGHT
text: Tenzin Gyatso - dressed in the warm, woolen chuba of a
text: layman - keeps his back against the wall. Norbu is beside
text: him, carrying a flashlight.
text: A Bodyguard comes for them, and then, the Dalai Lama is
text: outside the Potala walls.
scene_heading: EXT. POTALA NIGHT
text: The small group walks down a rocky path. A grey horse is
dialog: waiting.
text: Tenzin Gyatso is helped onto the horse. Norbu sees that he
text: is comfortable, and then, the flashlight goes out. Norbu
text: fiddles with it. Tenzin Gyatso takes the torch and tries
text: get it working again. The Guard mounts his horse. It is
text: time to go. The horses snort, their breath consolidating
text: the cold night air.
text: Tenzin Gyatso cannot speak. He tries, but he cannot. Norbu
text: takes the flashlight.
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP
dialog: I will send it to you.
dialog: It will work.
text: The horse is turned and the Dalai Lama is led away to join
text: the soldiers at the foot of the path.
text: Tenzin Gyatso turns once, to see his friend. The night is
text: dark. Norbu has become invisible.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE NIGHT
text: A cold and moonless night, lit only by the millions of stars
text: that shine over Tibet. The caravan - made up of noblemen,
text: monks, family mambers and over two hundred soldiers (armed
dialog: with rifles, machine guns and field artillery) - journeys
dialog: out of Lhasa.
text: CLOSE on the Dalai Lama: riding the shepherd's path.
scene_heading: EXT. YELLOW WALL, NORBULINKA NIGHT
text: Tenzin Gyatso rides his grey horse through a gate in the
text: yellow wall.
scene_heading: EXT. DALAI LAMA'S RESIDENCE NIGHT
text: The boy climbs the stairs to his summer residence.
scene_heading: INT. ALTAR ROOM NIGHT
text: The shrine of Mahakala. Butter lamps cast their eerie glow
text: on the black walls as the boy presents a white, silk scarf,
dialog: a kata - a traditional token of leaving and return.
scene_heading: INT ENTRANCE WAY, NORBULINKA NIGHT
text: Tenzin Gyatso is about to leave the residence when he stops,
text: and looks at the small cabinet in the corner. He goes to
dialog: it.
text: The door is still locked.
text: CLOSE on the boy. Suddenly, he knows.
text: He reaches a hand behind the cabinet. The hand comes back
text: to him with a key.
text: Tenzin Gyatso opens the cabinet doors. Several drawers are
dialog: revealed.
text: The boy opens one. Empty. Another. Empty.
text: A Bodyguard says, from the stairs:
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: We must go, Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
text: A moment.
text: Another drawer. Empty. And then, success.
text: In a small drawer, there is something, wrapped in red
dialog: velvet.
text: The boy opens it, with shaking hands. Teeth. False teeth.
text: Tenzin Gyatso releases a sharp laugh, he has been holding
text: his breath. He wraps up the teeth and puts them back, but
text: behind the teeth is something more.
text: A rolled, white silk scarf, a kata.
text: Tenzin Gyatso takes the scarf. He unrolls it. Something
text: falls on the floor.
text: A tiny, lead soldier.
text: Tenzin Gyatso lifts the soldier. It is a Ghurka. An Indian
dialog: soldier.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Please, come, Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Yes. I am ready.
text: The boy places the scarf around his own shoulders.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Safe journey. Safe return.
dialog: I am him.
text: CLOSE on the golden statue of Mahakala, wearing his white
dialog: scarf.
text: We hear the roar of the Kyichu river.
scene_heading: EXT. KYICHU RIVER NIGHT
text: Coracles - skin boats - are loaded with bundles and people
text: and pushed off the banks and into the water.
text: Horses, donkeys and yaks must swim across.
text: Tenzin Gyatso is helped into a boat. The rowers, wrapped in
text: heavy wool and sheepskin, their arms bare, push off.
text: The boy is sprayed with water. He is bumped about. He is
text: freezing cold. He floats away from Lhasa.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE DAY
text: The caravan journeys through a narrow mountain pass.
text: The flags of Tibet and of the Dalai Lama are carried by
text: mounted soldiers.
text: Suddenly, monks come running from the surrounding mountain
text: trails, shrieking, wailing.
text: They run to lamas, grabbing at their robes, clutching,
dialog: crying out:
speaker_heading: MONKS
dialog: Do not let him go!
dialog: We beg of you, do not take
dialog: him from us!
text: One monk clutches for an instant at the layman's wrapping on
text: Tenzin Gyatso - but he does not recognize him as the Dalai
dialog: Lama
text: The boy tenderly embraces this distraught figure, but the
text: monk drops away from him and clings to the shy, sweet
dialog: presence of Ling Rinpoche.
text: The Dalai Lama is quickly and quietly surrounded by soldiers
text: - discreetly, so as not to give away his identity.
text: Ling Rinpoche speaks to a group.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
text: He goes for a short time, until
dialog: the danger can be determined. He
dialog: will not leave Tibet. He will
dialog: return.
text: The pain on these monks's faces, in their voices, is tragic.
text: Tenzin Gyatso is overwhelmed.
text: He sees before him a line of prostrate monks - but they are
text: not bowing to him, they are laying down in the pass, trying
text: to block the way of the caravan.
text: Ling Rinpoche goes to these men and gently helps them to
dialog: their feet.
speaker_heading: LING RINPOCHE
dialog: He will return.
dialog: The Precious One will not abandon
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. TENT NIGHT
text: The Dalai Lama lies awake in his camp bed. He cannot sleep.
text: He rises and walks to the tent flap. He opens it.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT NIGHT
text: A Bodyguard is posted. He turns to the Dalai Lama.
dialog: We recognize him. He is the Bodyguard from that first
dialog: caravan trip so long ago: a huge monk with a big stick -
text: the guard who stood outside the old monks's tent. The man
text: with the deformed face.
text: The boy is not frightened this time.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: All quiet?
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Yes, Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Where are you from?
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Kham, Holiness.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Your people are very brave.
text: They are fighting the Chinese.
dialog: No one can stop them.
dialog: Not even me.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Khambas are wild men.
text: There is silence as the two men look out at the cold night.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I worry about them.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Do not worry, Holiness.
dialog: They fight for you.
dialog: They are under your protection.
text: The boy steps back inside.
scene_heading: INT. TENT NIGHT
text: We hear the approach of a horse, and then the Bodyguard
text: enters the tent.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Holiness, this has come for you.
text: The Bodyguard hands the boy a parcel. Tenzin Gyatso unwraps
text: it. His flashlight. It works.
text: A pause, and then Tenzin Gyatso sits in front of the thangka
dialog: of Penden Lhamo.
text: He reads from the scripture pages laid out on the low table.
text: He reads by flashlight.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRYSIDE DAY
text: The Dalai Lama walks along a beaten, caravan path. He is
text: still in disguise, and obviously, enjoying it.
text: An OLD MUSLIM MAN is beside him - an incredible looking
dialog: creature.
speaker_heading: MUSLIM MAN
text: Eighteen children.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Eighteen, wonderful.
speaker_heading: MUSLIM MAN
dialog: And not a monk among them.
text: The Dalai Lama laughs.
speaker_heading: MUSLIM MAN
dialog: No, no son of mine will sit
dialog: and read books and eat up the
dialog: poor people's butter while
dialog: my people have to butcher
dialog: the cows and sheep because
dialog: these holy men can't kill
dialog: an animal. They can eat
dialog: it, can't they?
text: The boy laughs again.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - LATER DAY
text: Still walking, with two companions. A Tibetan peasant
text: WOMAN, and his own mother.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Did you love your husband, before
dialog: you married?
speaker_heading: TIBETAN WOMAN
dialog: I did not know him before I
dialog: married him. I loved his
dialog: brother, but then, I married his
text: brother, too. He is dead now.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Hmm.
speaker_heading: TIBETAN WOMAN
dialog: The land has stayed in the family.
dialog: We work together. The nobleman is
dialog: not too bad.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Does he treat you fairly?
text: A laugh from her.
speaker_heading: TIBETAN WOMAN
dialog: Not too bad. Rich is rich,
dialog: poor is poor. We are different.
dialog: Are you married?
text: Tenzin Gyatso laughs.
text: The Attendants walk behind the boy, eavesdropping. Tenzin
text: Gyatso's Mother plays along.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TIBETAN WOMAN
dialog: Too young?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
text: Much too young.
speaker_heading: TIBETAN WOMAN
dialog: Look for a strong woman, not
text: too occupied with her beauty.
dialog: Look for a woinan who keeps
dialog: her hands busy. Look for
dialog: a kind heart.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Like my mother.
speaker_heading: TIBETAN WOMAN
dialog: I see that.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE, STILL LATER DAY
text: The Dalai Lama walks beside two boys: his older brother,
text: Lobsang, and a YOUNG NOBLE BOY.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: This little brother was terribly
dialog: sweet. When he died, my
dialog: mother was so sad. A lama said
text: to her, before the little brother
dialog: was laid out for burial, take
text: a bit of butter and rub a spot on
dialog: his skin. He will come back to you,
dialog: you will see.
dialog: So, my mother did this, and a few
text: years later, a new boy was born.
speaker_heading: NOBLE BOY
dialog: Does he have the spot?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
text: He does, a little spot where the
dialog: butter had been.
speaker_heading: NOBLE BOY
dialog: Is that a true story, or pretend?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: NOBLE BOY
dialog: True.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: You decide.
dialog: They walk.
speaker_heading: NOBLE BOY
dialog: What does the butter spot feel like?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Soft. Nice.
dialog: I have a good friend back in
dialog: Lhasa. He has a very poor beard,
text: with a little spot on his chin
text: where no hair grows. It feels like
dialog: that.
scene_heading: EXT. EST. SHOT, DUNGKHAR MONASTERY - ON A HILL,
scene_heading: OVERLOOKING DROMO VALLEY DAY
text: It is raining as we see the Dalai Lama on horseback,
text: climbing the dirt path leading to this beautiful, small
text: monastery. The caravan has arrived at its destination.
text: We hear the chanting of monks.
scene_heading: INT. THE DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, DUNGKAAR MONASTERY
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A home has been made: books on the shelf, screwdrivers all
text: in a row, European shoes under the bed. An old Bush radio
text: receiver, running off a six-volt battery, sits on the floor.
text: The telescope stands on the terrace.
text: Two members of the Kashag can be seen in the adjacent room.
text: The rooms are stark white.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: Of the Tibetan delegations sent
text: abroad, all have been turned away.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (OC)
dialog: All?
scene_heading: INT. ADJACENT ROOM DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso, dressed informally, looking peaceful, sits
text: with his advisors on the floor. The Lord Chamberlain is
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: Britain, Nepal, America, India.
dialog: All of those governments have
dialog: refused to meet with our
dialog: representatives.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: And the United Nations? Surely?
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: The United Nations voted not to
dialog: hear our appeal.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: One country did sponsor the
dialog: resolution. A land called "El
dialog: Salvador".
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Where is that?
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: In the Americas.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: So, we must face China and all
dialog: her might alone.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Most of the Chamdo region is
text: now in Chinese hands. There is
dialog: a report from Chamdo which makes
dialog: quite clear that, unless some
dialog: settlement can soon be reached,
dialog: Communist troops will soon be
text: marching on Lhasa.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
text: With much bloodshed.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: I am afraid.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I want at all costs to avoid this.
dialog: Do we have news from the delegation
dialog: in China?
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBERR
dialog: Not yet, but the Governor of Chamdo,
dialog: Ngabo Jigme, suggests we must
text: negotiate and offers to go to Peking.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: He is a capable man.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Your prime minsters would argue
dialog: that such negotiations should take
dialog: place in Lhasa.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: And then they would concede that the
dialog: times are desperate and we must go
dialog: to Peking. Agreed. Send Ngabo.
dialog: Is that all?
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Time to study.
text: The boy gets up. The prostrations begin.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Wait.
text: Tenzin Gyatso waves a hand. The men get up, awkwardly.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: We are in the last outposts of Tibet.
dialog: Let's do away with some of this
dialog: formality.
text: The Dalai Lama leaves the room.
text: One man still goes down to his knees.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
text: He is a modern man.
text: Just like he was the last time.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DUSK
text: Ling Rinpoche and Tenzin Gyatso sit together.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: "I will liberate those not
dialog: liberated."
dialog: I will release those not
dialog: released.
dialog: I will relieve those not
dialog: relieved.
dialog: May I deliver them to the
dialog: state of enlightenment."
text: The lead soldier of the Indian Ghurka sits on the low table,
text: beside Buddha and the tantric instruments.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso walks alone in the mountains. We see his
text: Bodyguards in the distance. He comes to a chorten (a stupa
text: - a small, pagoda-like chapel). He steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. CHORTEN DAY
dialog: This is where the Tibetan peasants come to make their
text: offerings to Buddha. It is a small space, whitewashed,
text: quiet. A painting of Buddha adorns one wall and flowers,
text: butter lamps, nuts and dried fruit sit before it.
text: The boy looks closer.
text: There is a photograph pinned to the wall.
text: It is a picture of him, as a young boy. The Incarnate. The
dialog: Precious One.
scene_heading: EXT. CHORTEN DAY
text: The Dalai Lama ties his piece of colored cloth, his mantra,
text: to this public prayer flag. The beautiful valley lies at
text: his feet, the bodyguards keep a polite distance.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS NIGHT
text: The boy is tinkering, as he listens to the radio.
text: It is Peking Radio he is picking up.
text: We hear a crackly voice begin a very important announcement.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE (VO)
dialog: "Today in Peking, a Seventeen
dialog: Point Agreement for the peaceful
dialog: Liberation of Tibet has been signed
dialog: by Representatives of the Government
dialog: of the People's Republic of China
dialog: and the Local Government of Tibet."
text: Tenzin Gyatso drops his work. He turns to face the
text: offending radio.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE (VO)
dialog: "Over the last hundred years or more
dialog: aggressive, imperialist forces
dialog: have penetrated into Tibet and
dialog: carried out all manner of deceptions
dialog: and provocations. Under such
dialog: conditions the Tibetan nationality
text: was plunged into the depths
dialog: of enslavement and suffering."
text: The boy moves closer to the radio, he appears physically
dialog: ill.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE (VO)
dialog: "Today, this enslavement ends.
dialog: Point One: The Tibetan people
dialog: shall unite and drive out
text: imperialist aggressive forces from
dialog: Tibet. The Tibetan people shall
dialog: return to the big family of the
dialog: Motherland - the People's Republic
dialog: of China."
dialog: Point Two: The Local Government
dialog: of Tibet will actively assist
dialog: the People's Liberation Army to
dialog: enter Tibet and consolidate the
dialog: national defense."
text: Tenzin Gyatso is stunned. Frozen.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN (OC)
dialog: It means we have lost our status
dialog: as an independent nation.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR, DUNGKHAR MONASTERY DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso, the two members of the Kashag and the Lord
text: Chamberlain stand around a clicking telegraph machine. A
text: long message curls along the floor.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: Ngabo did not have the state
text: seal. He could not sign.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Yes, but they say he did.
text: A Kashag Member is reading along as the message comes in.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: Holiness?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: General Chiang Chin-wu, the
dialog: Chinese representative,
text: is en route to Dromo.
dialog: He is coming to meet you.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Then, we shall meet.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE, MONASTERY DAY
text: View through the telescope: the Chinese are coming.
text: A group of officials are headed in the direction of the
text: monastery. Within the group of Tibetan noblemen - dressed
text: in their traditional red and gold silk robes - are three
text: men, wearing drab, grey suits.
text: The Chinese men closer and we see that one of them is
text: smoking a cigarette.
text: CLOSE on Tenzin Gyatso's face.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR, MONASTERY DAY
text: The Chinese Delegation, led by GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU,
text: stands waiting in a dimly-lit, yellow room.
text: A table holds tea and refreshments.
text: The Dalai Lama and his cabinet members are in the room.
text: Chairs are provided.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU
dialog: Dalai Lama.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: General Chiang.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU
dialog: We bring greetings from Chairman
dialog: Mao.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Thank you. Please sit.
text: The General does. So does the Dalai Lama. The other two
text: Chinese remain standing.
text: Tenzin Gyatso is quiet, reserved. Awkward.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU
dialog: Have you heard the terms of the
dialog: Seventeen Point Agreement?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I have.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU
dialog: I have a copy for you.
text: A document is produced. We notice that the General is
text: wearing a gold rolex watch. The Dalai Lama notices, too.
text: A member of the Kashag takes the document.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU
dialog: We come in genuine friendship.
text: CLOSE on the Dalai Lama.
text: He makes no response.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU
dialog: I am certain you wish to return to
dialog: Lhasa.
text: Tenzin Gyatso remains silent.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU
dialog: Do you have plans to return soon,
dialog: Dalai Lama?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Soon.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG CHIN-WU
dialog: Good. Our first request is that you
dialog: allow us to build a road. You have
dialog: no roads in Tibet. We can discuss
dialog: the plans in Lhasa. When you return.
dialog: No response.
scene_heading: GENERAL CHIANG-WU
dialog: Thank you. We leave now.
text: The General rises as the boy remains seated. With a moment
text: of awkward silence, the Chinese depart.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Let me see the agreement.
text: It is handed to him. He opens to the last page and looks at
text: the impression made by the state seal.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Counterfeit.
text: He closes the document and hands it back to the official.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE DAY
text: The boy watches the delegation leave the hilltop station.
text: Taktra Rinpoche and the Lord Chamberlain are with him.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I thought he would be some kind of
text: monster, even with horns growing out
text: of his head. But, he is only
dialog: a man, just an ordinary human
dialog: being, like myself. Life is
dialog: always a lesson.
scene_heading: EXT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DAY
text: Again, an informal meeting is in session.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: Your Prime Ministers, support the
dialog: proposal that you return to Lhasa.
dialog: On the opposite hand, some officials
dialog: urge you not to return. They
dialog: believe you should leave now,
dialog: for India.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: If I were to go into exile, could we
dialog: expect any serious assistance, from
dialog: India, suppose?
scene_heading: LORD CHANBERLAIN
dialog: It is unlikely. America, perhaps.
dialog: There is great anti-communist feeling
dialog: in America.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: At this point, the most likely
text: result of a foreign pact is war.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAABERLAIN
dialog: The Chinese would see such a
dialog: pact as an open declaration of war.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Tibet, at war? No.
dialog: China is close, America is far
dialog: away. After countless people
dialog: die, China would still, always,
dialog: be close. We will work
dialog: with what we have.
speaker_heading: KASHAG MEMBER
dialog: And as for your own safety, Holiness?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I am scared.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Shall we consult the protective
dialog: deities, Holiness?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: My first and foremost duty is to
dialog: protect my people. I feel sure
dialog: of this.
dialog: And, things change. Maybe not right
dialog: away, maybe not soon. But I believe
dialog: this - things will change.
text: The boy snaps his fingers.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Impermanence.
dialog: Our own short lifetimes are
dialog: not the only valid consideration.
dialog: I shall return.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS NIGHT
dialog: Tenzin Gyatso is asleep. We have not seen him this still,
text: this peaceful, in a long time. He sleeps in the "Buddha~
text: pose" - on his right side9 his head resting in his right
text: hand. The wall behind him is white.
text: We begin to hear the unique Tibetan music.
speaker_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE
text: Tenzin Gyatso rides a grey mule across the empty, mysterious
dialog: landscape of Tibet.
text: The boy is back in his own home in Amdo province.
dialog: But, he is not the baby he was when he left there, he is
text: sixteen. His family is together, but they are all the sizes
text: and ages they were at the beginning of the story. Tenzin
text: Gyatso is very happy, sitting on the raised platform in the
text: kitchen, playing a game with pebbles.
text: Taktra Rinpoche - the aged Taktra - enters and sits down
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: I hope you will not feel badly
dialog: about all the things of childhood
dialog: you missed.
text: The boy does not speak, just looks, kindly, at the man.
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: You lost so much. I am sorry.
text: The boy shakes his head "no".
speaker_heading: TAKTRA RINPOCHE
dialog: Goodbye, Kundun.
text: Suddenly, another man speaks;
speaker_heading: NORBU THUNDRUP (OC)
dialog: Goodbye, Kundun.
text: Tenzin Gyatso turns his head to see his best friend.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: (he only mouths it)
dialog: No!
text: And now, the Dalai Lama's Father is seen in a corner of the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Goodbye, Kundun.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (silent)
dialog: No!
text: The boy turns to the sweeper once more, holds out his hand,
dialog: and mouths:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: No, Norbu!
text: Reverse on Norbu, fading away.
scene_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE ENDS
text: Tenzin Gyatso eyes burst open. He is awake. He is older.
text: Twenty. But, there is something ageless about him, now.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S ROOM, THE POTALA PRE-DAWN
text: The boy begins this day.
text: He is in his old room at the Potala, in Lhasa. The green
text: mural of the Fifth Dalai Lama is behind him. He has risen.
text: from the red-curtained bed.
text: The Masters of the Kitchen and the Robe arrive and begin
text: their preparations for the day.
text: A NEW SWEEPER works in the adjacent room.
text: The sun rises.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POTALA DAY
text: Like a painting, the beautiful monastery fills the screen
text: with its white walls and red roof.
text: Shouting is heard.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG (OC)
dialog: I hate meeting here, this
dialog: tribute to the past! I demand
text: a less formal meeting place.
text: CLOSE on the red, bulging face of General Chiang.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL, THE POTALA DAY
text: Behind the General hang fantastic thangkas of the Fifth
dialog: Dalai Lama.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: I am not a foreigner!
dialog: I refuse to be treated like one.
text: The Dalai Lama is shaken by this violent behavior.
text: He adjusts his new eye glasses.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: You see here thangkas of the
dialog: Fifth Dalai Lama, the founder
dialog: of our government. It is tradition
dialog: at formal meetings for these
dialog: thangkas to be hung.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: Superstitions. Tibet is part of a
dialog: modern nation.
text: The General sits.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: I want the songs stopped.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Songs? What songs?
text: A slight smile.
scene_heading: PRIME MINISTER LUKHANGWA
dialog: Street songs about the General.
text: Reference to his gold watch.
dialog: He is right, they are quite
dialog: insulting.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I have no authority to ban singing
dialog: in my country.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: You must also do something about
dialog: the public meetings. I see this,
dialog: memorandum circulating, with Tibetan
dialog: grievances.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: You have cracked a man's skull
dialog: and that crack has not healed.
dialog: It is too soon to expect
dialog: him to be your friend.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: We are simply respecting the terms of
dialog: the Seventeen Point Agreement.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: Are you, General?
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: We want 2,000 more tons of barley
dialog: distributed.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: Impossible! You will bring famine
dialog: down on the people of Tibet with
dialog: these insatiable demands!
dialog: More food, the best land for
dialog: your soldiers to camp.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: The People's Liberation Army pays
dialog: for all food and lodging.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: So far, they do.
dialog: But, the quantity, it does not
dialog: exist. You will have to re-
dialog: evaluate your needs.
text: The men glare at one another.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: How much tea do you drink,
dialog: Prime Minister?
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: It depends on the quality.
dialog: And, that it be Indian.
text: The General leaps to his feet and is about to strike the
dialog: Prime Minister.
text: The Dalai Lama runs between then. He holds the General
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: Why is it necessary for the Chinese
dialog: to keep so many soldiers in Lhasa?
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: To protect. To serve you.
dialog: Chairman Mao wants you to feel that
dialog: China belongs to you now.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: Chairman Mao can keep China.
dialog: Just give us back Tibet.
text: The General backs away and brings himself under control.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: Plans for absorbing the Tibetan army
dialog: into the People's Army will soon be
dialog: finalized.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: I will not approve it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: Then, we will begin with replacing
text: the Tibetan flag with the flag of the
dialog: Motherland.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: And we will begin with tearing
dialog: it down.
text: Tenzin Gyatso stands between these furious men. He raises a
text: hand, silently requesting peace.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE DAY
text: We hear the sound of martial drums and trumpets and tubas.
text: The Dalai Lama is at his telescope.
text: Three thousand PLA soldiers march along the shepherds's
text: trail. They march behind huge, red banners of Mao Tse-tung
dialog: and Chu-te.
text: This time, the soldiers do look like monsters. Their faces
text: are grey - coated with Tibetan dust. Their peaked hats look
text: vaguely like horns, their tattered, khaki uniforms like
dialog: rough hide.
text: Monks line the trail, whipping at the soldiers with their
text: long, maroon robes. Women and children spit at the Chinese,
text: clap at them, hoping to chase this evil away.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE POTALA DAY
text: The Prime Ministers, Lukhangwa and Lobsang Tashi, submit
dialog: their resignations to His Holiness.
text: The boy takes the roll of parchment from them.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I am so sorry.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: It must be done.
dialog: We can no longer meet with the
dialog: Chinese, they refuse us.
dialog: 
text: We hear the sounds of those Chinese tubas and trumpets.
dialog: We hear trucks.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I accept your resignations.
speaker_heading: LOBSANG TASHI
dialog: Have you chosen your new Prime
dialog: Ministers, Holiness?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: There will be no new Prime Ministers.
speaker_heading: LUKHANGWA
dialog: You will face great difficulties,
dialog: Holiness.
text: The boy affixes his small piece of parchment to the document
text: and makes a mark on it.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: They have taken away our silence.
scene_heading: EXT. KYICHU RIVER DAY
text: The Dalai Lama, with much pomp and ceremony, walks down a
text: white carpet and steps into a coracle.
text: The entourage includes: the Lord Chamberlain, the Kashag,
text: His Holiness's Mother and youngest Brother, tutors and
text: attendants.
text: A hundred monks stand, chanting, on the far bank.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS OF TIBET DAY
text: The Fourteenth Dalai Lama rides in a Chinese jeep. Dust
text: surrounds him. A yellow silk umbrella shades him.
text: We see that a road is under construction - a road into
text: Lhasa. The first road in Tibet. The Dalai Llama is travelling
text: in the opposite direction. He is leaving his country,
text: traveling on rugged, flattened earth.
scene_heading: EXT. BARREN COUNTRYSIDE DAY
text: The way is tougher here - the Dalai Lama is on mule back.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE BORDER TOWN, SHINGANG DAY
text: This is a different land. There are rice paddies and water
dialog: buffalo. The altitude and barrenness of Tibet have been
text: replaced by greener pastures, jagged mountaintops and
dialog: Chinese natives.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE NIGHT
text: Tenzin Gyatso gets his ride in an airplane - an antique. It
text: is bumpy and noisy. He sits on an un-upholstered, steel
dialog: frame.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN DAY
text: The Dalai Lama travels by train.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION DAY
text: The train pulls into the station.
text: There are hundreds of people awaiting the arrival of the
text: Dalai Lama - hundreds of "China pictorial", red-cheeked,
text: Chinese communists; men, women and children, waving little
text: red flags.
text: Tenzin Gyatso steps off the train and there is a roar of
text: approval. Song breaks out - the People's Republic National
dialog: Anthem.
text: The young man is overwhelmed.
dialog: We begin to sense that something is wrong, something is
dialog: artificial. The people's presence is demanded here today.
text: This is a forced display of regard.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL OF THE PEOPLE DAY
text: The Dalai Lama, and his retinue sit in this Great Hall,
text: decorated with a portrait of Chairman Mao.
text: The Great Helmsman himself is speaking.
text: Mao Tse Tung's presence is charismatic. His delivery is
text: powerful - simple, yet firm. He is spellbinding.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: The mission of China is to bring
dialog: progress to Tibet. Develop its
dialog: natural resources. Help its
dialog: people develop democracy.
dialog: We welcome you, Tibet, back to
dialog: the Motherland!
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S ROOM, CHINESE GUEST HOUSE NIGHT
text: Tenzin Gyatso snoops around this room. He opens drawers,
text: cabinets, just as a child would. He finds odd little pieces
text: of ceramics, pens, paper.
text: He moves to the bathroom, runs a bath. Hot water.
dialog: Electricity. This is the modern world.
scene_heading: INT. MAO'S OFFICE DAY
text: The Dalai Lama sits beside Chairman Mao as a horde of
text: photographers flash bulbs in their faces. Mao offers His
text: Holiness a plate of Chinese delicacies.
text: We notice that Mao's clothes are shabby and old. (His suit
text: is always a shade lighter than everyone else's grey-drab).
text: His cuffs are frayed, his collar is worn. But, his shoes,
dialog: are beautifully polished.
text: He has exquisite, delicate hands and his skin is shinny.
text: Later, Chairman Mao and the Dalai Lama sit across from one
dialog: another.
text: Tenzin Gyatso takes notes as Mao speaks.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: I am so glad that Tibet has
dialog: come back to the Motherland.
text: Tenzin Gyatso quietly sips his tea.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: You must inform me at once if
dialog: any of our people abuse the
dialog: Tibetans trust and good nature.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I have great hopes for the future of
dialog: our co-operation.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: It is too early to implement all the
dialog: clauses of the Seventeen Point
dialog: Agreement. We will establish a
dialog: Preparatory Committee for the
dialog: Autonomous Region of Tibet. The pace
dialog: of reform must meet with the
dialog: desires of the Tibetan people.
dialog: Changes must be made slowly, as you,
dialog: yourself, judge necessary.
text: Mao speaks and moves very slowly. He pants and wheezes. He
text: appears to be sick. Tenzin Gyatso takes notes.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I am happy to hear you say this,
dialog: Chairman Mao. I have created a
dialog: reform committee to investigate
dialog: grievances and we have abolished
dialog: Inherited Tax, and forgiven all
dialog: money owed the Government by
dialog: people who are unable to pay.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: Good. Very good.
dialog: Tibet is a great country. A
dialog: a wonderful history. Long ago, you
dialog: even conquered part of China.
dialog: But now you have fallen behind and we
dialog: want to help you. In twenty years
dialog: time you could be ahead of us.
dialog: Then it will be your turn to help
dialog: China.
text: Tenzin Gyatso writes in his notebook.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: You know, I have great respect for
dialog: your Lord Buddha. He was anti-caste.
dialog: Anti-corruption. Anti-exploitation.
dialog: For some, politics and religion can
dialog: mix.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: For me, I think such a mix is
dialog: crucial.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: Have a sweet. Made in my home
dialog: province. The kind my mother used
dialog: to make.
text: The Dalai Lama accepts.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN, GUEST HOUSE DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso does physical exercise with a few Chinese
dialog: Bodyguards.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN, GUEST HOUSE DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso studies with Ling Rinpoche.
text: The Lord Chamberlain sits with them.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: "If moral discipline is learned
dialog: from the beginning, one possesses
dialog: the root for achieving higher
text: rebirth. A staircase for achieving
dialog: liberation. An antidote eliminating
dialog: misery and sorrow. Without
dialog: discipline there is no method."
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I am thinking of becoming a Communist
dialog: Party Member. I like what I see of
dialog: Marxism. It is based on equality
dialog: and justice for all. I believe
dialog: Chairman Mao wishes the best for
dialog: our people. Our path must be
dialog: non-violence. Co-operation.
text: The Lord Chamberlain simply looks at the young man. He has
dialog: nothing to say.
scene_heading: INT. MAO'S OFFICE NIGHT
text: There is a knock and Tenzin Gyatso is led into the room.
text: Mao is at his desk, working late, smoking heavily.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: Ah, Dalai Lama, thank you for
dialog: coming so late.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I leave tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: Yes, I am aware. How has your
dialog: time in China been?
text: Tenzin Gyatso sits. He takes out his book and pen, ready to
dialog: take notes.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I have been greatly impressed by your
dialog: accomplishments. Industrial
dialog: progress. Great efficiency.
dialog: Your people are capable and
dialog: courteous.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: You have a lot to learn about
dialog: organization. How to draw out
dialog: people's opinions. How to make
dialog: key decisions. Train your young
dialog: Tibetans. When I make contact
dialog: with you, I want to reach you
text: through a Tibetan.
speaker_heading: DALAI LAMA
dialog: Always.
text: Tenzin Gyatso records Mao's words.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: Your attitude is good, you know.
dialog: I understand you well.
dialog: But you need to learn this:
dialog: religion is poison.
dialog: It undermines the race and it
dialog: retards the progress of the
dialog: people. Tibet has been poisoned
dialog: by religion.
text: The boy cannot look up. He is in shock. We see the last
dialog: words he writes:
dialog: "Religion is poison."
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: Well, let me walk you to your car.
text: Tenzin Gyatso slowly gets to his feet. We must see on his
text: face that he realizes it has all been lies. All the kind
dialog: words and promises, it must all be lies.
text: He is unable to raise his face to Mao's. All he sees before
dialog: him are those shinny shoes, those exquisitely shaped,
text: glistening hands.
scene_heading: EXT. MAO'S OFFICE NIGHT
text: Outside this building, a black car is waiting. It is
text: bitterly cold.
text: Mao - wearing no hat, no coat, and coughing - opens the door
dialog: for the boy.
text: The Dalai Lama shakes the man's hand.
speaker_heading: MAO TSE TUNG
dialog: Take care of your health.
text: Tenzin Gyatso gets into the car and Mao slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. CAR NIGHT
text: As the car drives away, Tenzin Gyatso turns to see the
text: Chairman, still standing in the cold, still waving goodbye.
text: Then, Tenzin Gyatso looks straight ahead and says:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: He will betray us.
text: The view pulls back. The Lord Chamberlain sits beside the
text: young man.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBEPIAIN
dialog: Did you ever doubt it?
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I had relinquished doubt.
scene_heading: EXT. TENZIN GYATSO'S HOUSE IN AMDO DAY
text: The Dalai Lama and members of his retinue stand in front of
text: his old house in the village of Taktser, Amdo Province.
text: The young man smiles as he enters the courtyard. He pauses
text: to look at the prayer flag, flapping in the breeze.
text: He opens the front door.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE DAY
text: A family of relatives inhabits the house. They bow to His
text: Holiness as the young man makes his way to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso steps into the kitchen - he might have to bend
text: his head under the low ceiling. He laughs his wonderful
dialog: laugh.
text: Immediately, a woman approaches with a cup of tea.
text: But the hand of a Chinese official reaches out, takes the
text: tea and returns it to her. It is not permitted.
text: The woman looks confused. Tenzin Gyatso is humiliated.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE DAY
text: A group has gathered outside the house.
text: Tenzin Gyatso goes toward them as they prostrate. When they
text: have finished, he reaches out his hands to take theirs.
dialog: He says to one old woman:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Are you happy?
text: The OLD WOMAN says, with tears in her eyes:
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: I am very happy and prosperous
dialog: under the guidance of the Chinese
dialog: Communist Party and chairman
dialog: Mao Tse Tung.
text: It is a horrifying announcement.
text: The Dalai Lama touches her head. She weeps and clutches his
dialog: hands.
text: The young man looks up, over her head, to Kyeri, the
dialog: protectress mountain of this small village.
text: We hear loudspeakers, blaring, in the background -
text: trumpeting propaganda about Chairman Mao and the People's
dialog: Liberation Army.
text: Tibetan horns blow. It sounds like a warning.
text: CLOSE on a newspaper. It is a Chinese newspaper and the
text: picture on the front page shows a row of severed, Tibetan
dialog: heads.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso puts the paper down. He removes his glasses
text: and turns to his advisor - the grand Lord Chamberlain.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I ask them to stop, to lay
dialog: down their guns.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
text: The Khamba's gun is his most prized
dialog: possession. I admire them so.
text: They face a modern, well equipped
text: army, and still, they fight.
text: The Dalai Lama rubs his face with his hands.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
text: Land reform is underway in Amdo. The
dialog: large estates are being confiscated
dialog: and redistributed. Landlords are
dialog: being punished.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: A beggar can be called a landlord if
dialog: he disapproves of the Chinese.
text: The men are silent. We hear the constant sound of trucks
dialog: and cars.
text: The Lord Chamberlain is notably pausing.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I have always asked for plain
dialog: information. Just the truth.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: The Communists put their guns
text: in the hands of the Khamba children
dialog: and force the child to kill
dialog: the parent.
dialog: They have dropped bombs
dialog: on the monastery of Lithang
text: in Kham. It has been destroyed.
dialog: Women and children, trying to
dialog: escape from the fighting, have been
text: shot with machine guns, fired from
dialog: airplanes.
text: Again, silence.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
text: The pursuit of non-violence.
dialog: Very difficult.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Non-violence means co-operation
dialog: when it is possible. Resistance,
dialog: when it is not.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE DAY
text: His Holiness walks to the terrace. He aims the telescope.
text: Below him he sees a new Lhasa - a Lhasa full of trucks and
text: Chinese soldiers. A traffic island stands in the center of
text: an intersection. The town walls are white-washed. The
text: political posters are gone.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, THE NORBULINKA DAY
text: A small group sits waiting on red velvet chairs: the Dalai
text: Lama, the Lord Chamberlain and the Kashag.
text: General Chiang enters the room. He finds a chair and pours
text: himself a cup of tea. We cannot help but notice - he is
dialog: armed.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: We have decided that no drastic
dialog: changes will take place in Tibet
dialog: for six years. This should make
dialog: you happy.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: It seems a revolt has
text: broken out in the east.
dialog: We have decided that the Tibetan
dialog: army must be used against the
dialog: Khamba guerrillas.
text: The General sips.
text: The Dalai Lama answers.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I will not approve it.
text: The General looks up, surprised. It took a great deal of
text: courage for the young man to answer back, so determinedly.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: You have bombed on peaceful
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: We must deal with these
dialog: reactionaries!
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: No. We are peace loving people.
dialog: I am afraid we cannot trust you.
dialog: The General sputters:
speaker_heading: GENERAL CHIANG
dialog: We are here to heal the people
dialog: of Tibet. You need reform.
dialog: You have no sense of what
dialog: is good for your people.
dialog: We are here to liberate
dialog: you!
text: Now, the boy finds his voice.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I burn here, but I am not suppose
dialog: to let the smoke show. Yes, we need
dialog: reform. The monasteries.
dialog: Communications. Schools. But we
dialog: want change for Tibet, as Tibet needs
dialog: it, not for China.
text: The General starts to speak but Tenzin Gyatso keeps talking.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Buddha is our physician, General, he
dialog: will heal us. Comapssion and
dialog: enlightnement will set us free.
dialog: You can not liberate me
dialog: I can only liberate myself.
text: The General leaves the room.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: They will take Lhasa next.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: The people will not allow it.
scene_heading: INT. PRAYER ROOM, NORBULINKA NIGHT
text: The Nechung Oracle is in full swing. It is an especially
text: vivid and violent spin he is in. The headdress whips this
dialog: way and that, and finally he says:
speaker_heading: NECHUNG ORACLE
dialog: Where there is no crossing
dialog: a big river, no fords, no
text: shallows, where the only hope is a
dialog: boat, and there is no boat...
dialog: I will put a boat, Kundun.
dialog: The wish-Fulfilling Jewel will
dialog: shine from the West.
text: It is a strange and confusing prophecy.
scene_heading: EXT./ INT. NORBULINKA DAY
text: A few random views of the Norbulinka:
text: The wandering deer and peacocks. The fish pond and its
dialog: inhabitants.
text: Over these pictures we hear words:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (OC)
dialog: "I rejoice in the Awakening of the
dialog: Buddhas, and also in the spiritual
dialog: levels of their Sons."
text: The projection room. The full sheep pen. The parents's
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (OC)
dialog: "And with gladness I rejoice
dialog: in the ocean of virtue from
text: developing an awakening mind
dialog: that wishes all beings to be
dialog: happy..."
text: The Yellow Wall. The Dalai Lama's red room.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (OC)
dialog: "As well as in the deeds that bring
dialog: them benefit.
dialog: And now, we hear the voices of a great many people,
dialog: reciting:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
speaker_heading: AND OTHERS (OC)
dialog: "With folded hands I beseech
dialog: the Buddhas of all directions.
dialog: To shine the lamp of Dharma
dialog: For all bewildered in the gloom of
dialog: misery."
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: In the midst of war, there is beauty.
text: The Dalai Lama performs the Kalachakra ceremony.
text: It is a beautiful, ornate, colorful ceremony. A prayer for
dialog: world peace.
text: Tenzin Gyatso sits on a platform of cushions, above the
text: heads of the abbots and lamas and tutors, above the
text: heads of the Tibetan noblemen, and nomads and Khambas and
dialog: pesants from all corners of the land who attend the
dialog: ceremony.
scene_heading: TENZIN GYATSO AND OTHERS
dialog: "With folded hands I beseech
dialog: the Conquerors who wish to pass away,
dialog: to please remain for countless aeons
dialog: And not to leave the world in
dialog: darkness."
text: The Dalai Lama proceeds with the ceremony. He handles and
text: blesses sacred objects, he lifts his bell and dorge.
text: Rice is passed among the people. Rice is thrown.
text: A Tibetan chant is sung.
text: Beside His Holiness is a large, yellow silk pagoda.
text: The view moves inside the pagoda as the chanting continues.
scene_heading: INT. PAGODA DAY
text: We see a mandala - a beautiful, intricate, sand-painting.
text: The home of Kalachakra.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO (OC)
dialog: "Thus by the virtue collected
dialog: Through all that I have done,
dialog: May the pain of every living
dialog: creature be completely cleared away."
text: The whole screen becomes this mandala as the chanting an
text: cymbals and deep resonating sounds of the song continue and
text: then, a hand comes into the mandala and begins to sweep it
dialog: up.
text: Pull back to see that the hand belongs to Tenzin Gyatso.
dialog: Tenzin Gyatso collects the ground particles of Tibetan
text: quartz and rock. He destroys the painstakingly lovely sand
dialog: painting.
text: The chanting becomes louder and louder and it mixes with the
text: sound of the river.
scene_heading: EXT. KYICHU RIVER DUSK
text: Tenzin Gyatso pours the sand into the river.
text: We watch the river take color and the mandala floats away.
text: This view is overlapped by one of extreme horror.
speaker_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE
text: The lovely Norbulinka garden, the park where opera pageants
text: and Kalachakra ceremonies take place, is now, a killing
dialog: field.
text: Hundreds of dead, slaughtered monks, lie on the blood-
text: drenched ground, under the peach and pear trees. Chinese
text: soldiers move amongst the monks, turning over the dead
text: bodies, searching those silent faces. The Solder we see is
text: carrying a photo of His Holiness. They are searching for
dialog: the Dalai Lama.
text: It is a nightmare.
text: We hear crying.
scene_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE ENDS.
text: Tenzin Gyatso wakes up. Shaking, crying, he is alone, in
text: the dark. He can barely catch his breath.
text: The screen goes black.
dialog: CLOSE on an invitation:
dialog: His Holiness, the Dalai Lama of
dialog: Tibet, is invited to attend a Dance
text: Recital at the newly erected, Great
dialog: Hall of the Liberation Army.
dialog: 10 March, 1959.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POTALA DAWN
text: A last view of the great monastery.
text: We hear the sound of thousands of Tibetan women shouting;
speaker_heading: WOMEN (OC)
dialog: Chinese, GO!
dialog: Chinese, GO!
dialog: Chinese, GO!
scene_heading: EXT. DALAI LAMA'S RESIDENCE, NORBULINKA DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso steps outside. The shouting grows louder:
speaker_heading: WOMEN AND MEN (OC)
dialog: Chinese, GO!
dialog: Chinese, GO!
dialog: Chinese, GO!
text: The young man looks around at the peaceful premises. People
dialog: we know - uembers of the Kashag, attendants, tutors, the
text: Dalai Lama's Mother, sweepers - appear in the garden, one by
text: one, all listening to the sounds of a uob gathering outside
text: the walls of the Norbulinka.
speaker_heading: WOMEN AND HEN (OC)
dialog: Chinese, GO!
dialog: Chinese, GO!
dialog: Chinese, GO!
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: A meeting is in progress.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: The crowd will not disperse
dialog: until you give your assurance that
dialog: you will not attend the Chinese
dialog: festivities.
dialog: Many who have been invited to dine
text: with the Chinese do not return home.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I will not go.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: I will alert the Chinese delegation.
dialog: You know, I would never have let you
dialog: go alone, Kundun.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS'S HOME, NORBULINKA DAY
text: The Dalai Lama enters his Mother's home.
text: It is very guiet here. The young man looks at the family
text: photographs on the blue walls, the needlework on the table,
text: the seven copper bowls in front of the statue of Buddha.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (OC)
dialog: Did you come to tell me we are
dialog: leaving Lhasa?
text: The boy fills the seven bowls with water. His Mother lights
dialog: the butter lamps.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Do you think I must?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You decide.
dialog: He says, softly:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Tibet has never been part of
dialog: China. We are different races.
dialog: We are different cultures.
dialog: We need change, we know that.
dialog: But we could do it alone.
dialog: We were just about to do it
dialog: alone.
text: The young man fills the last bowl with water.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I am afraid I will go.
text: Far, far away.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA DUSK
text: The Lord Chamberlain approaches the Dalai Lama as he leaves
dialog: his Mother's house.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: We are now accused of aiding the
dialog: rebels. The Chinese said we can
dialog: expect drastic measures to be
dialog: taken to crush this revolt.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Arrange for me to speak to the
dialog: people's leaders.
text: The Lord Chamberlain hurries away.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DUSK
text: A last meeting in session.
text: The Kashag is present, as are fifty leaders of the
text: opposition - rough, tired men.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I fear that there will be great
dialog: bloodshed if you cannot convince
text: the people to disperse and go home.
dialog: I am safe.
speaker_heading: FIRST LEADER
dialog: Holiness, the Chinese tried to entice
dialog: you to their garrison with
dialog: out protection of bodyguard.
dialog: Even now, they urge you to come
dialog: to them for safety. They are
text: bringing more troops and guns and
text: artillery into Lhasa.
text: There are three airplanes waiting
dialog: outside Lhasa. What do they wait
dialog: for? They are planning to kill the
dialog: Dalai Lama. Don't you see?
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS NIGHT
text: The Dalai Lama consults the Nechung Oracle. Alone.
dialog: The Oracle whispers:
speaker_heading: NECHUNG ORACLE
dialog: Stay.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS NIGHT
text: It is late at night. The boy is alone. He sits in front of
text: his altar - meditating.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS NIGHT
text: The Nechung Oracle is brought in. The monk quiets himself
text: and readies himself for the trance.
text: The Dalai Lama waits. Again, alone.
text: Slowly, the trance comes on, the heavy headdress is placed
text: on the monk's head, the attendants leave the room and then,
text: the Oracle speaks.
speaker_heading: NECHUNG ORACLE
dialog: Stay. I tell you to stay.
scene_heading: EXT. DALAI LAMA'S RESIDENCE DAY
text: The Lord Chamberlain hurries up the stairs.
text: Tenzin Gyatso steps forward, out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: The Chinese are planning to attack
text: the crowd and shell the Norbulinka.
dialog: You are asked to indicate on a map
dialog: where you will be so that the
dialog: artillery men will not mistakenly
dialog: aim at you.
text: The Dalai Lama walks down the outdoor stairs.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Tell them I will be here.
dialog: With my people. Right here.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DAY
text: The young man is studying with Ling Rinpoche. Books of
text: scripture are stacked in front of him.
text: Suddenly, there is a tremendous, loud explosion, and then,
dialog: another.
text: Tenzin Gyatso gets up and runs to the window he looked out
dialog: of the day of the earthquake.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA DAY
text: There is shouting and chaos. The Chinese have begun
text: shelling the Norbulinka. The north wall and the grounds
text: directly in front of it are on fire.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S ROOM DAY
text: This time the Oracle is in the room first. He is surrounded
text: by his attendants and the members of the Kashag, the Lord
text: Chamberlain, Ling Rinpoche and various tutors and lamas.
text: The tension is thick. Finally, the Dalai Lama enters.
text: Tenzin Gyatso sits. He waits. The trance begins, the
text: headdress is set upon the medium's head and the Oracle
text: begins to dance, and then, he begins to shout:
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Go! Go! Tonight!
text: The Oracle staggers forward, snatches up some paper and a
text: pen and begins to draw a map, a route, out of Lhasa. He
dialog: keeps repeating:
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Go! Tonight! Go!
text: CLOSE on the map - drawn with a shaking, sweating hand.
text: We see mountains, and a pass, and the names of towns along
dialog: the way.
text: Tenzin Gyatso rises and goes to the Oracle. He looks down
text: at the map. The Oracle hands the Dalai Lama the map and
text: faints as his frightened attendants rush to loosen the strap
text: of the headdress before the poor man chokes.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS DUSK
text: The boy sits at the table, writing. We can hear the crowd,
text: shouting, outside the Norbulinka walls. We see just a few
dialog: words of the letter:
dialog: Please do not resist.
dialog: Take refuge on the far side of the
dialog: river.
text: Attendants pack, quietly and quickly.
scene_heading: INT. ALTAR ROOM NIGHT
text: The chapel of Mahakala.
dialog: We are reminded of secret, sacred moments, from long ago.
text: Tenzin Gyatso opens the heavy, creaking door. The Dalai
text: Lama is in disguise. He is wearing the clothes of a Khamba
text: guerrilla - dark, woolen chuba and tall black boots.
text: Monks sit on the floor, chanting. One monk stands by a
text: large urn, ladling out butter for the lamps.
text: Tenzin Gyatso goes to the front of the room.
text: A monk begins to play the cymbals. Another puts the
text: Tibetan horn to his lips and blows a long, mournful note.
text: The Dalai Lama lays a white silk scarf - a kata - over the
text: shoulders of this imposing statue.
text: Then, he sits for a moment.
text: In the weak light, in the black room, Tenzin Gyatso is lost
text: among the other praying monks.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY OF RESIDENCE NIGHT
text: The Dalai Lama walks down the hall. He says to a sweeper:
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Dim the lights.
text: and then he bow bends down, to pat a dog.
scene_heading: INT. DALAI LAMA'S PRIVATE ROOMS NIGHT
text: Tenzin Gyatso rolls the thangka of Penden Lhamo and slides
text: it into its ancient container.
text: The young man places the scroll over one shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE OF RESIDENCE, NORBULINKA NIGHT
text: CLOSE on the little cabinet in the corner of the entrance
dialog: hall.
text: Tenzin Gyatso's hands open the doors.
text: The young man pulls open the drawer which contains the false
dialog: teeth.
text: Tenzin Gyatso pulls a rolled kata from his coat. He tucks
text: the lead soldier of an Indian Ghurka into the center of the
text: scarf. He places the bundle in the drawer.
text: Then, he adds something. A sweet. The kind his Mother
dialog: makes.
text: He closes the drawer, and locks it.
text: He hides the key, again, behind the small, unobtrusive
dialog: cabinet.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENCE, STAIRS NIGHT
text: With a soldier on either side of him, the Dalai Lama
text: descends the staircase.
text: The Soldiers start to lead him away, but he pauses.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Wait.
text: The young man leaves them.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENCE NIGHT
text: He walks to the far side of this white building.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I see a safe journey.
text: The boy returns to the front steps.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I see a safe return.
text: The soldiers wait.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: Now. I am ready.
text: Tenzin Gyatso places the scroll over one shoulder. A
text: soldier lays a rifle over the other one.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDENS, NORBULINKA NIGHT
text: The three men walk quietly through the empty gardens. We
text: hear the sounds of the crowd grow louder.
scene_heading: EXT. WALL NIGHT
text: The soldiers pause, look to His Holiness. Tenzin Gyatso
text: removes his glasses, puts them in his bag, then nods - and
text: the soldiers open the gate.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Move aside, tour of inspection,
dialog: move aside.
text: Of course, we see only a fraction of the crowd - angry men
dialog: and women.
text: A man steps beside His Holiness.
text: Tenzin Gyatso looks up - face to face.
text: It is the Khamba bodyguard, the monk who guarded him so many
text: times. The man with the horrible face.
scene_heading: KHAMBA BODYGUARD
dialog: Move aside, let us through.
dialog: Move aside!
text: The Dalai Lama is between the soldiers, shouldering his own
text: gun. The Bodyguard falls in behind.
text: The little group makes its way through the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. TRIBUTARY OF ThE KYICHU RIVER NIGHT
text: In the same place where the little Tenzin Gyatso tentatively
text: tested one rock, the escape party crosses on the slippery,
dialog: stepping stones.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE NIGHT
text: The small party makes its way across a bit of countryside.
text: People are camped here - Khambas, farmers, nomads. The
text: Dalai Lama crosses to safety - unnoticed.
scene_heading: EXT. KYICHU RIVER NIGHT
text: Coracles await.
text: The Dalai Lama climbs in, the Lord Chmaberlian sits beside
text: him. The soldiers push off. The Khamba Bodyguard stands on
dialog: the bank, alone.
text: Every splash of the oars sounds like it could wake the dead.
text: Tenzin Gyatso looks back. He puts on his glasses.
text: He sees camp fires and the glow of torches. He hears echoed
dialog: voices.
text: He looks up. He sees the stars and the moon and that
text: incomparable Tibetan sky.
text: He looks forward.
text: He sees mountains.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I have always loved mountains.
text: He is handed a steaming cup of tea.
text: And then, a cloud passes over the moon.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE NIGHT
text: On horse back, the party makes its way up a mountain pass.
dialog: There are more members now - Tenzin Gyatso has joined those
text: who left ahead of him - members of the Kashag, tutors, his
dialog: Mother, his Brother.
text: It is tough going. The ground seems like quick sand with
text: every step a struggle. When the horses have disappeared
text: from sight, a sand storm arises, wiping away their tracks.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE NIGHT
text: The party passes above an encampment of Chinese soldiers.
text: They are not seen.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE DAY
text: The party travels through the emptiness.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS DUSK
text: His Holiness walks beside his horse.
text: He joins other members of the group standing on a ridge.
text: Tenzin Gyatso picks up a rock and throws it over the side.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: "Right will be victorious."
dialog: And now, the others do the same. The Lord Chamberlain says:
speaker_heading: LORD CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: "The Gods will be avenged!"
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF TIBET DAY
text: The Dalai Lama sits before a low table set up on this
text: desolate border.
text: A document is before him.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I repudiate the Seventeen Point
dialog: Agreement
text: With a slap of the State Seal of Tibet, this is done.
text: The Lord Chamberlain removes this document and replaces it
dialog: with another.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I constitute the Government
dialog: of Tibet, the only legal
dialog: authority in the land.
text: The seal comes down hard once more. It is done.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER DAY
text: A sick and tired Tenzin Gyatso makes the last leg of his
text: trip on the back of a black yak.
text: Before him, through the light rain, we see a small bamboo
text: arch erected in the middle of nowhere. Six Indian GHURKAS,
text: wearing floppy, jungle hats and heavy, British boots, stand
text: at attention.
text: The Dalai Lama, on his black yak, passes under this babboo
text: gateway as the Indian Soldiers raise their guns in salute.
text: An Indian soldier goes to the yak and helps the sick man
text: from his mount.
text: Tenzin Gyatso stands, barely able to hold himself on his
text: feet. His hand rests on the yak's back.
text: The Indian soldier steps closer and, knowing he is breaking
text: protocol, he whispers:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: With all respect, may I ask?
dialog: Who are you?
text: The young man smiles at the Soldier - a man who looks like
text: the lead soldier come alive.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: What you see before you is
text: a man. A simple monk.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Are you the Lord Buddha?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TENZIN GYATSO
dialog: I think I am a reflection,
text: like the moon, on water.
dialog: When you see me, and I try
dialog: to be a good man, see
dialog: yourself
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN INDIA, FOOT OF THE HIMALAYAS DAY
text: Tenzin Gyatso unpacks. He is dressed in maroon robes, his
text: arms bare.
text: He places some books on a table next to his tinkering
text: equipment. He lifts a heavy parcel.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE DAY
text: CLOSE on the young man's beautiful hands as he sets up his
dialog: telescope.
text: The tripod is erect. The body is attached. The eyepiece is
dialog: adjusted.
dialog: And then, this boy, this man, this simple monk, aims, to
text: takes a look, at a bigger world.
text: On a black screen, a card reads:
dialog: The Dalai Lama has not yet
dialog: returned to Tibet.
text: He hopes one day to make the journey.
dialog: 
