dialog: 
scene_heading: L.A. CONFIDENTIAL
dialog: by
dialog: Brian Helgeland
dialog: Based on the novel by James Ellroy
dialog: November 16, 1995
dialog: Minor Revisions
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: OVER the opening strains of "I LOVE YOU, CALIFORNIA," a
text: MONTAGE: a mixture of headlines, newsreel footage and
dialog: live action. Economy Booming! Postwar Optimism! L.A.:
dialog: City of the Future! But most prominent among them:
text: GANGLAND! Police photographers document crime scenes.
text: The meat wagon hauls ex-button men to the morgue. Where
dialog: will it end?
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. SKYLINE - SUNSET
text: Palm trees in silhouette against a cherry sky. City
text: lights twinkle. Los Angeles. A place where anything is
text: possible. A place where dreams come true. As the sky
text: darkens, triple-kleig lights begin to sweep back and
dialog: forth.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION (HANCOCK PARK) - NIGHT
text: The KLEIG LIGHTS are out front. Valets hurry to park a
text: line of elegant cars.
speaker_heading: MAYOR (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I give you
dialog: the future of Los Angeles!
scene_heading: INT. HANCOCK PARK MANSION - BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: The MAYOR yanks a cloth to reveal a MODEL of L.A. criss-
text: crossed by an elaborate FREEWAY SYSTEM. The CROWD oohs.
text: A COUNCILMAN claps. A SOCIETY MATRON nods her approval.
text: PIERCE PATCHETT, 50, tuxedoed, watches off to one side.
text: A behind-the-scenes power broker, Patchett exudes
text: authority much more so than the Mayor does.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: The Arroyo Seco freeway is just
dialog: the beginning. We're planning
text: freeways from Downtown to Santa
dialog: Monica, from the South Bay to the
dialog: San Fernando Valley. Twenty
dialog: minutes to work or play is the
dialog: longest you'll have to travel.
text: More applause. One REPORTER asks a little too loudly...
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: How many bodies you think Mickey
dialog: Cohen'll be able to hide in all
dialog: that cement?
text: The Mayor wears a plastic smile, ignores it.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOCAMBO - NIGHT
text: A CLUB PHOTOGRAPHER pops snapshots, but the real action
text: is on the floor where MICKEY COHEN does a wicked "Lindy
text: Hop" with THREE different GIRLS at once. A fireplug of a
text: man, he hardly seems a public menace. Nearby is his
text: bodyguard JOHNNY STOMPANATO. Over it all:
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS (V.O.)
dialog: Meyer Harris Cohen, Mickey C to
dialog: his fans. He's the big moocher,
dialog: local L.A. color to the nth
dialog: degree. You know Mickey. He runs
dialog: dope, rackets and prostitution.
text: He kills a dozen people a year.
dialog: But who you may not know is
dialog: bodyguard Johnny Stompanato.
text: His hair in a slick pompadour, Stompanato keeps an eye on
text: Cohen and comes onto a CIGARETTE GIRL at the same time.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS (V.O.)
dialog: Johnny's handsome, ladies, but the
text: real attraction is below the belt.
dialog: Second only to Steve Cochran, he's
dialog: sometimes known as 'Oscar' because
dialog: of his Academy Award-size
dialog: appendage.
text: Mickey works a sweat on the dance floor. A bottle of
text: champagne pops; Stompanato reacts, nearly draws a pistol
text: from his shoulder holster. As he laughs at himself...
scene_heading: INT. HUSH-HUSH MAGAZINE OFFICE - DAY
text: Lurid page one headlines cover the wall where SID
text: HUDGEONS types. The essence of sleaze, Sid is the
dialog: publisher-photographer-writer of Hush-Hush magazine and
text: keeper of inside dirt supreme. As he continues...
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS (V.O.)
dialog: Remember, dear readers, you heard
dialog: it here first, off the record, on
dialog: the Q.T. and very Hush-Hush.
scene_heading: INT. HANCOCK PARK MANSION - BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: The party continues. The Mayor has moved off to the side
text: with the power brokers. Patchett is a presence.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: We're selling an image, gentlemen.
dialog: Beautiful weather. Affordable
dialog: housing.
dialog: (re: model)
dialog: Trouble-free transportation. And
dialog: the best police department in the
dialog: world to keep it all running
dialog: smoothly.
scene_heading: EXT. STOREFRONT - NIGHT
text: A dozen people watch a display windoe TELEVISION as it
text: rolls the opening of the hit show "Badge of Honor." Over
text: familiar THEME MUSIC, "Sgt. Joe Reno" (actor BRETT CHASE)
text: walks the streets of Los Angeles.
speaker_heading: CHASE (V.O.)
dialog: My name? Joe Reno. The city?
text: Los Angeles. A big town. Full of
dialog: all sorts of people. It's my job
dialog: to help them. I like what I do.
dialog: I'm a cop.
scene_heading: INT. HANCOCK PARK MANSION - BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: The Mayor continues.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: But with a second rate Al Capone
dialog: out there, L.A. looks like Chicago
dialog: in the '30s. Something has to be
dialog: done.
text: As Pierce Patchett nods sagely.
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: Wrestler GORGEOUS GEORGE primps and poses before flatten-
text: ing an opponent with a drop kick.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: An enthusiastic crowd adjusts their 3-D glasses.
scene_heading: EXT. COHEN MANSION (BEVERLY HILLS) - DAY
text: In monogrammed silk pajamas, Mickey Cohen answers the
text: door, his pet BULLDOG Mickey Jr. at his feet. The police
text: are waiting. REPORTERS' flashbulbs pop.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Mr. Cohen, you're under arrest.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: Bullshit. What's the charge?
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Non-payment of federal income tax.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: Bullshit.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAUMAN'S CHINESE - DAY
text: JOHN WAYNE gets his hand prints in the sidewalk.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTCHESTER BEAN FIELD - DAY
text: MIGRANT WORKERS hurry to finish the harvest. We PAN
text: TO CONSTRUCTION WORKERS who wait impatiently with bull-
text: dozers under a "Spirit of the Future" BANNER. As the
text: last picker leaves the field, the bulldozers move in,
text: leveling the bean rows to make way for a housing tract.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE - STEPS - DAY
text: Flashbulbs pop as Mickey Cohen exits and starts down
text: the steps. Accompanied by his LAWYERS, bodyguard
text: Stompanato and mob lieutenants DEUCE PERKINS and NATE
text: JANKLOW, Cohen ignores REPORTERS' shouts.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: How's your bullshit now, Mickey?!
text: As Cohen gets into a waiting car, the media turn their
text: attention to District Attorney ELLIS LOEW. A singularly
text: ambitious man, Loew loves the spotlight.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Today is an auspicious one for the
dialog: city of Los Angeles. Mickey Cohen
dialog: has just been sentenced to ten
dialog: years in federal prison for
dialog: failure to pay income tax.
dialog: As the District Attorney for Los
dialog: Angeles County, it is my pleasure
dialog: to declare our great city
dialog: organized crime free. It is truly
text: the dawning of a new day.
text: The SONG ENDS and so does the MONTAGE.
scene_heading: INT. PACKARD (ACROSS FROM BULLOCKS WILSHIRE) - NIGHT
text: December 24th. Wendell "BUD" WHITE, 30, stares at the
text: enormous Christmas tree on the deco platform over
text: Bullocks' entrance. An LAPD cop, Bud's rep as the
dialog: toughest man on the force has been well earned. In the
text: back seat, with cases of Walker Black and Cutty Sark, is
text: Bud's partner -- DICK STENSLAND. Older, but also a tough
text: hump, "Stens" sucks on a pint of Old Crow.
text: The passenger door opens and Mickey Cohen bodyguard
text: Johnny Stompanato slides in. Guinea handsome, Johnny
text: wears his curls in a tight pompadour. With his boss
text: behind bars, he's out of work. Bud just stares at him.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Officer White. I heard you got a
dialog: hard-on for wife beaters.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: And you fuck people up for a
dialog: living. That don't make me you.
dialog: Capisce, shitbird?
text: Stompanato smiles. Nervous. Through the window, Bud
text: watches a Salvation Army Santa palm coins from a kettle.
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: Bud ain't in the mood for small
dialog: talk, Stompanato.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Look, Mickey C's doing time and
dialog: half the other guys who'd hire me
dialog: are dead or left town. I need
dialog: money. If your snitch-fund's
dialog: green, I'll get you some fucking-A
dialog: collars.
text: Impatient, Bud tugs at a finger, CRACKS a KNUCKLE.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: There's this guy. He's blond and
dialog: fat, about forty. Likes the
text: ponies. Been pimping his wife to
text: cover his losses. Knocks her
text: around to keep her in line.
text: Bud's eyes narrow at this last bit of info. Stompanato
text: holds up a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: I figure the address is worth
dialog: twenty.
text: Bud digs into his wallet, pulls out twenty bucks,
text: exchanges it with Stompanato. Stompanato smiles smugly,
text: grabs a bottle of Scotch from the back.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
text: Yuletide cheer, fellas.
text: Without warning, Bud grabs Stompanato's tie and yanks,
text: slamming his forehead into the dash.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Happy New Year, greaseball.
scene_heading: EXT. 1486 EVERGREEN - NIGHT
text: A stucco job in a row of vet prefabs. A neon Santa
text: sleigh has landed on the roof. Through the front window,
text: we see a fat guy browbeating a woman. Puff-faced, 35-
text: ish, she backs away as he rages at her.
text: The Packard pulls up out front. Stensland could care
dialog: less.
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: Leave it for later, Bud. We got
dialog: to pick up the rest of the booze
text: and get back to the precinct.
text: Bud KILLS the IGNITION, picks up the radio.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Central, this is 4A-31. Send a
text: prowler to 1486 Evergreen. White
dialog: male in custody. Code 623 point
dialog: one. Domestic assault and
dialog: battery. I won't be here, but
dialog: they'll see him.
scene_heading: EXT. 1486 EVERGREEN - BUD - NIGHT
text: steps to the house. Inside, we hear SLAPS, MUFFLED
text: CRIES. Bud grips an outlet cord coming off the roof and
text: yanks. The sleigh crashes to the ground with REINDEER
text: EXPLODING around it. A beat. The fat guy runs out to
text: investigate, trips over Rudolph.
text: Bud pounces. Fat guy takes a swing, misses. Grabbing
text: fat guy's hair, Bud smashes his face to the pavement.
text: Once, twice. Teeth skitter down the walk.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Touch her again and I'll know
dialog: about it. Understand? Huh?
text: Another face full of gravel. Fat guy's WIFE watches with
text: apprehension from the steps as Bud cuffs her husband's
text: hands behind his back, empties his pockets. A cash roll
text: and car keys. Bud looks over at her.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You got someplace you can go?
text: She nods. Bud hands her the keys and the cash.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Go get yourself fixed up.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (nods, determined)
dialog: Merry Christmas, huh?
text: Bud watches as she gets into a pre-war Ford in the drive.
text: She backs over a blinking reindeer as she goes.
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: You and women, partner. What's
dialog: next? Kids and dogs?
scene_heading: INT. STAGE FOUR (VARIETY INTERNATIONAL PICTURES) - NIGHT
text: The "Badge of Honor" set. A Christmas party in full
text: swing. Eating, drinking, and dancing. Star Brett Chase,
text: seen earlier on television, is holding court.
text: LAPD Sgt. "Trashcan" JACK VINCENNES, late 30s with slick,
text: good looks, dances with a young ACTRESS. Grinding their
text: way through a ballad, they're obviously hitting it off.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Brett Chase told me you're the cop
dialog: who busted Bob Mitchum.
dialog: (grinds closer)
dialog: These 'Badge of Honor' guys like
dialog: to pretend, but being the real
dialog: thing must be a thrill.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's go someplace quiet. I'll
dialog: give you the low-down on Mitchum.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: You got your handcuffs with you?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Two sets.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: I'll get my coat.
text: They're interrupted by Sid Hudgeons.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Big V Jack Vincennes! May I have
dialog: this dance?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Karen, this is Sid Hudgeons from
dialog: Hush-Hush magazine.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: I know who he is.
text: The Actress storms off. Jack looks to Sid.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: We did a piece last year.
dialog: 'Ingenue Dykes In Hollywood.' Her
dialog: name got mentioned.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is she?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Beats me. Look, Jackie-Boy, a
dialog: friend of mine just sold some
dialog: reefer to Matt Reynolds. He's
text: tripping the light fantastic with
dialog: Tammy Jordan at 2245 Maravilla,
dialog: Hollywood Hills. It's right
text: around the corner.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You lost me, Sid. Who?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Contract players at Metro. You
dialog: pinch 'em. I do you up feature in
dialog: the next issue. Plus the usual
dialog: fifty cash. Tell me, am I fucking
dialog: Santa Claus?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I need an extra fifty. Two
text: patrolmen at twenty apiece and a
dialog: dime for the watch commander at
dialog: Hollywood Station.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Jack! It's Christmas!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. It's felony possession of
dialog: marijuana.
scene_heading: EXT. 2245 MARAVILLA - NIGHT
text: WITH a VIEW of Grauman's Chinese. Jack and two uniformed
text: patrolmen wait on the darkened street. An arc light has
text: been set up. Hudgeons creeps back over from the house.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
text: They're sitting in the dark,
text: goofing on the Christmas tree.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stand there with your camera.
dialog: I'll stop here so you get
dialog: Grauman's Chinese in the
dialog: backgrouns.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: I like it! I like it!
scene_heading: INT. 2245 MARAVILLA - NIGHT
text: The arc light floods the living room about the same time
text: that Jack kicks the door in. The room is caught flush:
text: Christmas tree, a bag of weed on the couch, two kids
text: necking in their BVDs. MATT REYNOLDS and TAMMY JORDAN.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Police!
scene_heading: EXT. 2245 MARAVILLA - NIGHT
text: Jack exits, hauling Jordan and Reynolds by the neck.
text: Jack stops with Grauman's FRAMED behind him and Hudgeons
text: CLICKS off several shots with his CAMERA.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Cut! Wrap it!
text: Windows light up. Rubberneckers appear. Jack hands the
text: kids to the patrolmen, heads back in with Hudgeons in
dialog: tow.
scene_heading: INT. 2245 MARAVILLA - NIGHT
text: Jack scoops the pot, flips through an address book. A
dialog: card falls out. "Fleur-de-Lis. Whatever you desire..."
text: Jack looks from the card out the window at the kids being
text: loaded into a black and white. They're both crying now.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: (stantorian tone)
dialog: It's Christmas morning in the City
dialog: of Angels, and while decent
dialog: citizens sleep the sleep of the
text: righteous, hopheads prowl for
dialog: marijuana, not knowing that a man
text: is coming to stop them. The free-
dialog: wheeling, big-time Big V,
dialog: celebrity crime-stopper, Jack
text: Vincennes, the scourge of
text: grasshoppers and junk fiends
dialog: everywhere. You like it, Jackie-
dialog: Boy?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, it's subtle.
text: Sid hands him a President Grant 50.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Remember: you heard it first here,
dialog: off the record, on the Q.T. and
dialog: very Hush-Hush.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - DISPATCH DESK - NIGHT
text: Suspects, mostly drunk and disorderly, are ushered
text: through. Sgt. ED EXLEY, 30, bespectacled, is at the desk
text: with a YOUNG OFFICER. Exley is an up-and-comer. Burning
text: with ambition. The faster he rises through the ranks,
text: the more resentment he leaves in his wake.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What's on the call sheet?
speaker_heading: YOUNG OFFICER
text: A guy dressed as Santa has been
dialog: exposing himself to kids in Los
dialog: Feliz. Apparently, sir, he's
dialog: decorated himself.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Decorated?
speaker_heading: YOUNG OFFICER
text: With tinsel and plastic icicles
dialog: and... on his penis, sir.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I get the idea. You got a
dialog: description?
speaker_heading: YOUNG OFFICER
dialog: Of his penis, sir?
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD - HOLLYWOOD LIQUOR - NIGHT
text: Tinsel-trimmed photos of movie stars look down from the
text: walls as the OWNER takes an order from LYNN BRACKEN.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: A case each of gin, Scotch, and
dialog: rum. Everything top shelf. None
dialog: of that watered-down stuff you
text: push on Errol Flynn.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Sounds like a helluva party.
text: Her hair kerchiefed, Lynn waits as the Owner writes it
text: up. There's glamour, a cat-girl grace about Lynn. She
text: seems like she belongs up on the wall with the movie
text: stars. Lynn looks across as Bud White heads toward the
text: counter. Spotting her, Bud doesn't look so tough for a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: You want it delivered?
speaker_heading: LYNN
text: Before five tomorrow.
text: The Owner spots Bud. A big smile turns to a frown.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: I'll be right with you, Lynn.
text: The Owner begins indiscriminately loading hard liquor
text: into a cardboard box, leaving Bud and Lynn to look at
text: each other. Bud says the only thing he can think of.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Merry Christmas.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Merry Christmas yourself, Officer.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That obvious, huh?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (smiles sweetly)
dialog: It's practically stamped on your
dialog: forehead.
text: As the Owner bangs a case of liquor on the counter...
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD LIQUOR - NIGHT
text: Bud exits with his booze, heads for the car. Something
text: catches his eye. A woman in the rear passenger seat of a
text: new Cadillac. SUSAN LEFFERTS. Both her eyes are black.
text: Bud starts over. The case on his hip, he motions for her
text: to roll down the window. The driver's side door opens
text: and bodyguard TURNER "BUZZ" MEEKS menaces his way out.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: Get lost why don't you?
text: Meeks stops short as Bud shoves his badge in Meeks' face.
text: Setting the case on the car's hood, Bud spins Meeks
text: around, pats him down. He finds a .38 in a shoulder
text: holster.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: I got a license for that.
text: Bud removes Meeks' wallet, checks the ID.
speaker_heading: MEEKS
dialog: Cut me some slack. I used to be a
dialog: cop.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Turner Meeks? Never heard of you.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (exiting store)
dialog: We just call him Buzz.
text: Bud raps on Susan's window with his badge. It comes
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You okay?
text: Beside her, a man leans over. Pierce Patchett, seen
text: before at the freeway unveiling, is a man used to being
text: chauffeured. Like FDR, he smokes his cigarette in a
dialog: holder.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: She's fine.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (menacing)
dialog: I'm not asking you.
text: Patchett has no idea he's walking on thin ice. As he
text: stares impatiently at Bud, Bud looks back to Susan.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Somebody hit you?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: It's not what you think.
text: Bud looks to see Lynn Bracken moving to the driver's
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What is it then?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You got the wrong idea, Mister.
dialog: I'm fine.
text: Susan laughs. Patchett eases back into the shadows.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (getting in the car)
dialog: But it's nice to know you care.
text: Bud considers Meeks' gun license, then hands him back the
text: .38 and wallet. Lifting his booze, Bud watches Meeks get
text: back in the car.
text: Stensland steps up as the cabbie starts to pull away.
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: What's going on?
text: For an odd moment, Stensland and Meeks lock eyes.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: Seen him around. He used to be a
dialog: cop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON DUDLEY SMITH
text: Fifty, handsome in his police captain's uniform. Singing
text: "Silver Bells" in a beautiful low tenor. Tough,
text: respected, Dudley goes to bed as a cop every night of his
dialog: life. He's a department power to be reckoned with.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE - MUSTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: An L.A. Herald Express REPORTER and photographer listen
text: along with the gathered patrolmen as Dudley finishes to
text: applause. Dudley joins the press.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Captain Smith, I --
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Drop the formalities; it's
dialog: Christmas Eve. Call me Dudley.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Dudley, I came up with a title for
dialog: the story. I'm calling it "Silent
dialog: Night with the L.A.P.D."
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Excellent. How's this?
dialog: (dramatic pause)
dialog: The sanctity of the night is an
dialog: invitation to the darker criminal
dialog: element. Our vigilance will not
dialog: be diminished.
text: As the Reporter scribbles down the quote...
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: That's Smith with an S.
text: They laugh. Dudley points the way out.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: This way, gentlemen.
text: Dudley's the last one out the door. As he goes, he turns
text: back to give the men a wink. He's no sooner out the door
text: when the first case of Johnny Walker is brought in.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE - DISPATCH DESK - NIGHT
text: Ed Exley gets another report from the Young Officer.
speaker_heading: YOUNG OFFICER
dialog: Two police officers were assaulted
text: in a bar. Brown and Helenowski.
text: He hands the report to Exley. It's now that Dudley comes
text: through on his press junket.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: This is Sergeant Ed Exley. Son of
dialog: the legendary Preston Exley. He's
dialog: the watch commander tonight and a
dialog: damn fine job.
text: As the photographer snaps Exley's picture...
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I was fortunate enough to be
dialog: partnered with his father when I
dialog: was a rookie. It makes a man feel
dialog: old. That's a fact.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Feel free to get a feel for the
dialog: place.
text: As the Reporter and photographer wander off, Dudley turns
text: to Exley a bit more serious.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: A word with you, lad.
scene_heading: INT. DUDLEY SMITH'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Dudley pours two drinks, hands one to Exley.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: To the memory of your father.
text: They drink. Exley looks to a photo on the wall.
text: Himself as a ten-year-old standing between Dudley and his
text: father Preston, both in police uniform.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: The day he got the Medal of Valor.
dialog: A simpler time.
text: Remembering, Exley invokes his father's favorite toast.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: To the solving of crimes that
dialog: require absolute justice.
text: Exley raises his glass, but Dudley just watches him.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: That was his favorite toast.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I saw the test results on the
dialog: lieutenant's exam. You placed
dialog: first out of twenty-three.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: The youngest applicant by eight
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You'll make lieutenant inside a
dialog: year. Patrol division?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I was thinking Detective Bureau.
text: We can see Dudley doesn't approve.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You don't have the eye for human
dialog: weakness to be a good detective.
dialog: Or the stomach. You're a
dialog: political animal, Edmund.
text: The criticism stings, but Dudley's a straight shooter.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You're wrong.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Am I...? Would you be willing to
dialog: plant corroborative evidence on a
dialog: suspect you knew was guilty in
dialog: order to ensure an indictment?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Dudley, we've been over this.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Answer yes or no.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I... No.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Would you be willing to rig crime
dialog: scene evidence to support a
dialog: prosecuting attorney's working
dialog: hypothesis...? Yes or no, Edmund.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Would you be willing to beat
dialog: confessions out of suspects you
dialog: knew to be guilty?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Would you be willing to shoot
dialog: hardened criminals in the back to
dialog: offset the chance --
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Then for God's sake, don't be a
dialog: detective. Stick to assignments
dialog: where you won't have to make those
dialog: choices. Patrol, Internal
dialog: Affairs, but not the Bureau.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I know you mean well, Dudley, but
dialog: I don't need to do it the way you
dialog: did. Or my father.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: At least get rid of the glasses.
dialog: I can't think of one Bureau man
dialog: who wears them.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE - MUSTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: A large impromptu bar has been set-up. The party is in
text: full swing, the floor packed with nightwatch blues. A
scene_heading: PHONOGRAPH SPEWS DIRTY CHRISTMAS CAROLS.
text: Stensland pours eggnog and Old Crow into the water cooler
text: as Bud elbows his way in with another case.
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: Hey, partner. Grab a cup.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I got to write my report first.
speaker_heading: PASSING COP #1
dialog: Hear about Helenowski and Brown?
dialog: They got into a helluva scrap with
text: six taco benders at some bar.
dialog: Helenowski lost six pints of
text: blood. Brown's in a coma.
speaker_heading: PASSING COP #2
dialog: We ought to teach Paco and his
dialog: friends a lesson.
text: More cops vocie their agreement. Bottles are passed.
text: Only Bud doesn't seem as caught-up as the rest.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE - NARCO PEN - NIGHT
text: Jack Vincennes at his desk. Holding the Fleur-de-Lis
text: card, Jack dials the number. A corkboard on the wall is
text: posted with press clippings. "Dope Crusader Wounded in
dialog: Shootout." "Actor Mitchum Seized in Marijuana Shack
text: Raid." That one includes a shot of Jack ushering Mitchum
dialog: into jail.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (over phone, like
dialog: silk)
dialog: Whatever you desire.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hi... I'd like to get a delivery
dialog: to Beverly Hills.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: I don't think I know you.
text: CLICK. The line goes dead. Jack redials.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: Whatever you desire.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, a friend of mine gave me
dialog: this number. I just --
text: The line goes dead again. Jack dials a new number.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Pacific Coast Bell.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is Sgt. Vincennes.
dialog: Requesting a name and address on a
dialog: phone number. Hollywood zero-one-
dialog: two-three-nine.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Please hold the line... No such
dialog: number is assigned.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I just called it.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: No, Sergeant. I checked twice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (realizes, hangs up)
dialog: A bootleg...
scene_heading: INT. MUSTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Exley surveys the carousing rowdies. Raising his
dialog: voice...
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: All right, men. You've had your
dialog: fun. Time to break it up.
text: The party continues undiminished. From across the room,
text: Stensland eyes Exley with disdain.
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: Fucking Exley. Guy's got a pole
dialog: so far up his ass, every time he
text: farts the flag waves.
scene_heading: WATCH COMMANDER'S OFFICE
text: The command not really his, Exley reads a report, ignores
text: the party, though his window looks into the thick of it.
text: Suddenly a ripple goes through the room. The men begin
text: to push out through a rear door. Exley stands, stops a
speaker_heading: COP.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: They got the spics who japped
dialog: Helenowski and Brown. Helenowski
dialog: lost an eye and Brown's got brain
dialog: damage.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I have the report right here.
text: They're home with bruises and
dialog: muscle pulls -- Oh shit...
text: Exley starts out after them.
scene_heading: INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Stensland in the lead. Pulling out a blackjack, he
text: enters Cell #4, begins wailing on one of the Mexicans --
dialog: Dinardo.
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: For ours, Pancho. And you're
dialog: getting off easy.
text: Cheered on by drunks in the tank and his fellow officers,
text: Stensland goes wild. He's joined by Lentz, Crumley and
text: Tristano. Shaking his head, Jack Vincennes moves away.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bud types his report with one finger. Jack looks in.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: White, you better get a lease on
text: Stens before he kills someone.
scene_heading: INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Followed by Jack, Bud forces his way through the crowd.
text: The men who see it's him quickly clear a path.
text: Swigging from a pint of gin, Stensland works skinny
text: GARCIA. Head saps. The kid drops to his knees drooling
dialog: blood.
text: Bud grabs Stensland, hauls him off of Garcia who looks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: Fuck you, pendejo.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah yeah...
speaker_heading: GARCIA
dialog: And fuck your mother too.
text: Bud sees red. Letting go of Stensland, Bud White picks
text: up Garcia by the neck. There are cheers, "Attaboys" and
text: "Holy Fucks" as Bud bangs Garcia's head on the ceiling.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (arriving)
dialog: Stop, Officer! That's an order!
text: Cops block Exley's way. As Bud looks over, Garcia kicks
text: him in the balls. A dangling shot. Bud keels into the
text: bars, Garcia stumbles out of the cell, smack into Jack.
text: Jack looks down aghast at blood on his cashmere blazer,
text: then puts Garcia down with a left-right.
text: Exley pulls a pad of paper and pen form his pocket.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You're going in my report! All of
dialog: you!
text: Exley has just started taking names when Bud grabs him by
text: the scruff of the neck and hauls him off balance into...
speaker_heading: HALL
text: As Exley struggles, a cop opens the door to the store
text: room. Bud slings Exley inside, then slams the door
text: tight. Exley is locked in. As Bud moves off, we hear
scene_heading: POUNDING.
speaker_heading: EXLEY (V.O.)
dialog: Let me out! That's an order!
speaker_heading: CELL BLOCK
text: The Herald Reporter and photographer enter unchaperoned
text: and unnoticed. Stensland swings like a madman. That's
text: when a flashbulb goes off. Freezing everyone in black
dialog: and white.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHIEF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The CHIEF sits behind a desk in a four-star uniform.
text: Dudley Smith sits to his left, D.A. Ellis Loew to his
dialog: right. Seen earlier at the Mickey Cohen press
text: conference, Loew is the only civilian. Bud White stands
text: across from them. There to be judged.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Officer White, you've refused to
dialog: cooperate with Internal Affairs.
dialog: But you should know this is bigger
dialog: than a police board. Indictments
dialog: may be handed down. Quite
dialog: frankly, we need police witnesses
dialog: to offset the damage done to the
dialog: Department's image. Will you
dialog: testify?
text: Bud glances to a gray tinted mirror, then to the Chief.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, sir. I won't.
text: The Chief sighs, looks to Loew.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: District Attorney Loew.
text: Loew steps to Bud, holds up a newspaper with the cell
text: block photo. The headline: "BLOODY CHRISTMAS."
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Bloody Christmas. The press love
dialog: to label. You and Officer
dialog: Stensland brought the liquor into
dialog: the precinct. Stensland was
dialog: already drunk. Do you see how
dialog: appearing as a voluntary witness
dialog: against him could offset the
dialog: damage you've done to yourself?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I won't do it.
dialog: (staring at mirror)
dialog: I won't testify against my partner
dialog: or anyone else.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: This man is a disgrace.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Your badge and gun, Officer.
text: Bud sets them on The Chief's desk.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
text: This is the new L.A.P.D., White.
dialog: You're suspended from duty and
dialog: dismissed.
text: Turning, White shoots the mirror a stiff middle finger as
text: he makes his way out. Dudley Smith hides a smile.
scene_heading: OTHER SIDE OF GLASS
text: Exley watches, involuntarily leans back as Bud passes on
text: the other side of the glass.
scene_heading: THE CHIEF'S OFFICE
text: Dudley, Loew and The Chief wait as Exley enters.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Ed, your observations have been
dialog: astute. What's your assessment of
dialog: this situation?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: The public demands justice, sir.
dialog: This was a full-fledged riot of
dialog: policemen. Shift the guilt to men
dialog: whose pensions are secured. Force
dialog: them to retire. But someone has
dialog: to swing. Indict, try and convict
dialog: Stensland and Bud White. Secure
dialog: them jail time. Feed them to the
dialog: sharks, sir. Protect yourself;
dialog: protect the department.
text: Dudley gives Exley a look. He's angry with him.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Stensland's a disgrace. Straight
dialog: D fitness reports from every C.O.
dialog: he ever served under. But White
dialog: is a valuable officer.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: White's a mindless thug.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: No, Edmund. He's a man who can
dialog: answer yes to those questions I
dialog: ask you from time to time.
text: The Chief interrupts with his own concern.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: I want to know who we give the
dialog: public in contrast? The
dialog: department needs role models.
dialog: Clean-cut, forthright men the
dialog: public can admire.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I'll testify, sir. I'm not afraid
dialog: to do what's right.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: And I'll promote you. You'll be a
text: lieutenant immediately.
text: Exley seizes the moment, going over Dudley's head.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Detective lieutenant.
text: The Chief and Dudley exchange a look. Neither approves.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Ed, you're 30. Your father didn't
dialog: make lieutenant until he was 33.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I know that, sir. I also know
dialog: that when he made lieutenant, it
dialog: was as a detective.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Before we start polishing our
dialog: laurels, it would look better if
dialog: we had a corroborative witness.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: That'll be hard to come by. The
dialog: men hate a turncoat.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Jack Vincennes. He's the
dialog: technical advisor on 'Badge of
dialog: Honor,' sir. He lives for it.
dialog: That's the way to get him.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: All right, Ed.
dialog: (into desk
dialog: intercom)
dialog: Call Sergeant Vincennes.
text: As Exley starts out, Dudley pulls him aside, speaks low.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You'll reap the benefits, but are
dialog: you truly prepared to be despised
dialog: within the department?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Yes, Dudley. I am.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: So be it.
speaker_heading: JACK VINCENNES
text: Looking sharp, he strides down the hall, enters the...
speaker_heading: CHIEF'S OFFICE
text: Round two. Centred on Jack. Exley is gone.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Sergeant, we'll get right to it.
dialog: Nine civilian witnesses have
dialog: identified you as hitting Ezekiel
dialog: Garcia.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: But my office has a stellar
dialog: witness who will tell the grand
dialog: jury that you hit back only after
dialog: being hit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do I have to do?
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Testify against the three officers
dialog: who have already earned their
dialog: pensions. Our key witness will
dialog: testify roundly, but you can plead
dialog: ignorance to questions directed at
text: the other men.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: I'll guarantee you a slap on the
dialog: wrist. A brief suspension
dialog: followed by a temporary transfer
dialog: from Narcotics to Ad Vice.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: When you transfer out of Vice,
dialog: you'll be back on the show.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The show, sir?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Badge of Honor, Vincennes. We
dialog: need to tone down your profile for
dialog: a bit.
dialog: The Chief just got Jack where he lives.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: John, I doubt you've ever drawn a
dialog: stupid breath. Don't start now.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay. I'll do it.
text: Smiles all around. Loew smiles at the two-way. A move
text: not lost on Jack who wonders who might be on the other
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Dismissed, Vincennes.
text: Jack leaves. The Chief steps to the mirror, looks
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: So be it. Detective Lieutenant.
scene_heading: OTHER SIDE OF GLASS
text: Exley clenches his fist in victory. The Chief continues.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Ace them at the grand jury
dialog: tomorrow, son. Wear the smart-
dialog: looking suit and ace them. And,
dialog: Ed? Lose the glasses.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 114 (GRAND JURY WITNESS ROOM) - DAY
text: Glasses off, Exley waits, looks up as Jack enters.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're the key witness?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I should've known. What's the
dialog: Chief throwing you?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Throwing me?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, Exley. What's the payoff?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You're the payoff expert. I'm
dialog: just doing my duty.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're playing an angle, college
dialog: boy. You're getting something out
dialog: of this so you don't have to
dialog: hobnob with the fucking rank and
dialog: file cops who'll hate your guts
dialog: for snitching. If they're making
dialog: you a detective, watch out. Some
dialog: Bureau guys are gonna burn in this
dialog: and you're gonna have to work with
dialog: friends of theirs.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm snitching three old timers
dialog: who'll be fishing in Oregon next
dialog: week. Next to you I'm clean. And
dialog: smart.
text: At that, a CLERK steps in from the hallway.
speaker_heading: CLERK
text: Edmund J. Exley to chambers.
text: As Exley's about to go...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Just remember, Bud White'll fuck
dialog: you for this if it takes the rest
dialog: of his life. They already
dialog: suspended him. Just pray he cops
dialog: a deal and stays on the Department
dialog: because that is one civilian you
dialog: do not want on your case.
scene_heading: INT. TWILIGHT LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: An old black guy in a frayed, threadbare tux plays piano.
text: Bud, nursing a highball at the bar, steps over to a
text: REDHEAD with too much make-up on too many miles.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That an old fashioned you're
dialog: drinking?
dialog: (as she nods)
dialog: My name's Bud.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Nobody was born with the name Bud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: They stick you with a name like
dialog: Wendell, you look for an alias.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: What do you do, Bud?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm sorta between jobs. Look,
dialog: what do you say we, uh...
text: A hand on Bud's shoulder. He turns to see Dudley Smith.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Lad, may I have a word with you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: This business, Captain?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Say goodnight to your friend and
dialog: join me by those back tables.
text: Dudley starts off. Bud turns back to Redhead, but she's
text: already talking to a sailor.
speaker_heading: BOOTH
text: Dudley sits at a table. A newspaper is opened, a little
text: mound underneath. Bud joins Dudley.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Does that paper say we've been
dialog: indicted? Does it say Exley's a
dialog: hero for squealing me and
dialog: Stensland off?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: He made his play amd he got what
dialog: he wanted. They're making him a
dialog: detective.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Captain, what do you want?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Call me Dudley.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dudley, what do you want?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Lad, I admire your refusal to
dialog: testify and your loyalty to your
dialog: partner. I admire you as a
dialog: policeman, particularly your
dialog: adherence to violence as a
dialog: necessary adjutant to the job.
dialog: And I am most impressed with your
dialog: punishment of wife beaters. Do
dialog: you hate them, Wendell?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (looks away)
dialog: Yeah, I hate them.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: And for good reason judging from
dialog: what I know of your background.
text: Bud looks back over. Dudley's getting too personal.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What's going to happen to
dialog: Stensland? He'll give himself
dialog: cirrhosis over this. He's one
dialog: year from his pension.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: It would've happened years ago if
dialog: you hadn't carried him. Why the
dialog: loyalty, Wendell?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: He helped me out once. That's all.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Your partner's through.
dialog: Department scapegoat on the
dialog: Chief's orders. He's been billed,
dialog: he'll be indicted and he'll swing.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Him and me both. Fucking Exley.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Don't underestimate his skills.
dialog: As a politician he exceeds even
dialog: myself. But the department needs
dialog: smart men like Exley and... direct
dialog: men like yourself
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Wendell, I want you to come to
dialog: work for me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Doing what? Mowing your fucking
dialog: lawn?
text: Smith yanks the newspaper revealing Bud's badge &amp; .38
text: Special. Bud can't believe his eyes.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: They're yours. Take them.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I knew you had juice, but...
dialog: There's no goddamn bill on me?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Four of the defendants recanted
dialog: their testimony.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: How?
text: Dudley dismisses the question with a wave of his hand.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I need you for an assignment the
dialog: Chief's given me the go-ahead on.
dialog: A duty few men are fit for, but
dialog: you were born for. You'll be
dialog: working out of Homicide.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Homicide? A detective?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Your talents lie elsewhere,
dialog: Wendell. It's a muscle job and
dialog: shooting job. You'll do what I
dialog: say and not ask questions. Do you
dialog: follow my drift?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: In Technicolor.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Will you work for me?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Of course... But how?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: How what, Wendell?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: How'd you get them to retract?
text: Dudley lays brass knuckles on the table. They're
text: chipped, caked with blood.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: L.A. MONTAGE
text: Over the pop song "STRANGER IN PARADISE."
scene_heading: A) EXT. GRAUMAN'S CHINESE - NIGHT
dialog: Frank Sinatra at the premiere of From Here to
dialog: Eternity.
scene_heading: B) INT. KLUB ZAMBOANGA - NIGHT
text: Charlie "Bird" Parker makes magic before an
text: appreciative, mostly black crowd.
scene_heading: C) TORCH SONG TAVERN (RIVERSIDE) - NIGHT
text: Nate Janklow exits with his latest flame. A mob
text: lieutenant, Nate was last seen with Mickey Cohen
text: outside the Federal Courthouse in the opening
text: montage. A CAR SCREECHES up. TWO GUNS aim and Nate
text: and his date do down in a proverbial HAIL OF LEAD.
scene_heading: D) EXT. FREEWAY - DAY
text: A groundbreaking. The Mayor scrapes at the ground
text: with a gold shovel. Pierce Patchett is among the
dialog: distinguished guests.
speaker_heading: END OF MONTAGE
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HIGH SCHOOL - DAY
text: The marquee gushes: "Today Sgt. Joe Reno: Badge of
dialog: Honor Star Brett Chase."
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD HIGH SCHOOL - AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: A nerdy 14-YEAR-OLD asks Brett Chase:
scene_heading: 14-YEAR-OLD
dialog: Why'd you become a policeman?
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: I'm not a policeman. I just play
dialog: one on television. But I think I
dialog: can answer for them. To help
dialog: people. That's why I do the show.
text: Chase looks over and winks at Jack who waits in the
dialog: wings.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: To protect and serve. It's not
dialog: just a motto.
text: As the kids applaud, Chase joins Jack who gives him a
text: quick drag of a cigarette. A nervous PA joins them.
text: Chase points out a fetching girl in the second row.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: That one. In the sweater.
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: They also serve who only stand and
dialog: wait.
text: Chase and Jack watch the PA ask "Sweater" a question
text: while pointing to Chase. Maybe sixteen, she nods "yes"
dialog: eagerly.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: Jack, I'll see you Monday on set.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I won't be there. They're toning
dialog: down my profile.
speaker_heading: PRINTING PRESS
text: The latest issue of Hush-Hush flies through. On the
dialog: cover: "Gail Russell Caught In Love Nest. Nymph or
dialog: No?"
scene_heading: INT. CITY JAIL - DAY
text: Bud White flips through today's booking slips, finds one
dialog: that's interesting. Reading to himself...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Domestic. Assault and battery.
text: Containment Squad strong-arms, BREUNING and CARLISLE
text: pause as they pass.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Ready to go, Bud?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'll be there in five minutes.
scene_heading: CITY JAIL - HALLWAY
text: Bud walks to a door covered in sheet metal. He opens it
text: to reveal a holding tank with a burly, jumpsuited
speaker_heading: PRISONER.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I hear you like to hit women.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: My wife. She's dropping charges
dialog: so it's none of your business.
text: Bud enters, closes the door behind him. A beat, we hear
text: the sounds of FISTS ON FLESH. It's Bud's business now.
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY HILLS MANSION - STUDY - NIGHT
text: Deuce Perkins (the Mickey Cohen narcotics lieutenant seen
text: earlier) stands at the bookshelf. He pulls down books to
text: reveal a shoe box. He sets it on his desk, pulls back
text: the cover to reveal several bags of white powder.
dialog: Heroin.
text: A BRANCH SNAPS outside. Perkins opens a drawer, fishes a
text: revolver. Turning off the light, he heads to the window.
text: His finger parts the curtains. At that instant, he
text: staggers, falls as GUNFIRE rips into him.
text: The heroin just sits there on the desk.
scene_heading: EXT. McNEIL PENITENTIARY - DAY
text: Grim-faced guards scan the yard from machine-gunned
dialog: towers.
scene_heading: INT. McNEIL PENITENTIARY - VISITOR BOOTH - DAY
text: Mickey Cohen sits across from visitor Johnny Stompanato.
text: Cohen is going off the handle.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: What do you mean Deuce Perkins got
dialog: clipped last night?!
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
text: They shot him in his library.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: I don't want a floor plan; I want
dialog: to know who! Who's taking the
dialog: ticket for this, Johnny?
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Nobody. At least not yet.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: And what about the merchandise
dialog: Deuce was holding for me?
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
text: Gone. Not a trace.
speaker_heading: COHEN
text: Some ferstunkener is moving in and
dialog: we don't know who?! Maybe we
dialog: should ask Hedda Hopper!
text: As "STRANGER IN PARADISE" ENDS, so does the MONTAGE.
scene_heading: INT. BRIEFING ROOM - AD VICE - DAY
text: Addressing the squad, a no-nonsense VICE CAPTAIN picks up
text: a stack of magazines.
speaker_heading: VICE CAPTAIN
dialog: Picture-book smut, gentlemen.
dialog: There's been a bunch of it found
text: at collateral crime scenes lately.
dialog: Mostly narcotics and prostitution
dialog: collars.
text: As the Vice Capt. hands it out for the men to examine,
text: new member Jack Vincennes arrives late.
speaker_heading: VICE CAPTAIN
dialog: Look who's back from suspension.
dialog: We're honored, Sergeant Jack.
text: The men laugh. Jack sits, flips a magazine. Men and
text: women. Men and men. Girls and girls. Girls and horses.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Gee. The Great Jerk-Off Book
dialog: Caper of 1953.
speaker_heading: VICE CAPTAIN
dialog: Vincennes, is there someplace
dialog: you'd rather be?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, Cap. Back in Narcotics.
speaker_heading: VICE CAPTAIN
dialog: Oh? Anyplace else?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Working whores with squad two.
speaker_heading: VICE CAPTAIN
dialog: Maybe you should have thought of
dialog: that before you made Bloody
dialog: Christmas page one.
text: Vice Capt. retrieves the magazines, hands them to Jack.
speaker_heading: VICE CAPTAIN
dialog: They're yours. Make a major case,
dialog: Sergeant. It's the only way
dialog: you're getting out of here.
text: Exaggerated "oohs" and "aahs" from the men.
speaker_heading: VICE CAPTAIN
dialog: Dismissed, gentlemen.
text: As they go, Jack sees the books are stamped: "Fleur-de-Lis
dialog: Whatever you desire." Jack takes the matching
text: business card from his wallet, the one he found on
dialog: Christmas Eve.
speaker_heading: VICE CAPTAIN
dialog: Roll, Vincennes. No sidetracks.
dialog: This is Ad Vice, not Narco.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - NARCO PEN - DAY
text: Jack Vincennes is at his desk. Holding the Fleur-de-Lis
text: card, magazines spread before him, Jack dials the number.
scene_heading: INT. HUSH-HUSH MAGAZINE OFFICE - DAY
text: Sid Hudgeons sits behind his desk, answers the phone.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Hush-Hush. Off the record and on
dialog: the Q.T.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Sid, it's Vincennes.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Jackie, are you back on Narco? I
dialog: need copy.
text: INTERCUT WITH Jack at his desk:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. But I've got something going
dialog: with Ad Vice.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Something good?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't know. I'm chasing picture
dialog: books. Fuck shots, but the posers
dialog: don't look like junkies. It's
dialog: well done stuff. I thought you
dialog: might have heard something.
text: Hudgeons reaches into a stack of papers, pulls out a
dialog: magazine like the one Jack has.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Not a word.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What about Fleur-de-Lis? Their
dialog: slogan's 'Whatever you desire.'
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: No. No, I've heard bupkis. Jack,
dialog: I'll talk to you later. Call me
dialog: when you get something I can use.
dialog: Smut's from hunger. For sad sacks
dialog: who can't get their ashes hauled
text: The LINE CLICKS off. Jack hesitates a moment before
text: cradling the receiver. Something's not right here.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYWOOD STATION - PARKING LOT - TWILIGHT
text: As Exley pulls in, his two-way drones:
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: Park Rangers report three Negro
text: youths discharging shotguns into
text: the air in Griffith Park.
text: Suspects are driving a late model
text: purple Mercury Coupe.
text: As the report ends, Exley switches off the two-way and
text: gets out of his car.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - SQUAD ROOM - NIGHT
text: Accompanied by Bud, Dick Stensland crams the contents of
text: his desk into a box. Well-wishing cops pat him on the
text: back, offer words of encouragement, but Stensland looks
text: like he's going to cry.
text: It's very bad timing as Exley enters, comes face-to-face
dialog: with them. This is hatred.
text: Acting on impulse, Bud goes after Exley. It's a mauling.
text: Four vicious body shots. A potentially lethal head shot
text: sails wide as Exley falls to the ground.
text: As four men move to hold Bud back, Exley looks up at him.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: You're just a thug, White. That's
dialog: all you'll ever be.
text: Dudley steps into the fray. He helps Exley to his feet.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You should stay away from a man
text: when his blood is up.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: His blood's always up.
text: Four cops are genuinely having trouble holding Bud back.
text: Dudley watches with something bordering on admiration.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Then maybe you should stay away
dialog: from him all the time.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Accompanied by Bud, Stensland reaches his car, loads his
text: box of stuff into the trunk. Bud is moody, pensive.
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: Don't look so down in the mouth,
dialog: Bud. You nailed him good.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, sure... I got a couple of
dialog: hours before I have to be at the
dialog: Victory. Want to grab a beer?
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: Rain check me, partner. I got
dialog: something big going on tonight.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What? That new mystery girl
dialog: you've been seeing?
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: No. I'll tell you sometime. Not
dialog: now. Don't want to jinx it. But
dialog: it could take the edge off that
dialog: jail time I got coming.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: STENSLAND
dialog: It's confidential, Bud. Like that
dialog: magazines Vincennes scams for.
dialog: Hush-Hush.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'll see you tomorrow. And hey,
dialog: if it works out, you'll get a
dialog: piece of it.
text: Stensland gets in the car, drives off. Bud is left
dialog: alone.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - SQUAD ROOM - NIGHT
text: Exley sits alone in a sea of desks. The SQUAWK BOX
text: DRONES. Exley squints at the clock on the wall, can't
text: make it out. He takes his glasses from the inside of his
text: jacket. 2:00 A.M. Finally, something to do. He walks
text: to the wall calendar, tears off Feb. 28 to reveal Mar. 1.
text: As Exley sits, the call SQUAWK BOX booms to life.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Squad call! Nite Owl Coffee Shop
dialog: One-eight-one-two-four Cherokee!
dialog: Multiple homicides! Multiple
dialog: homicides! Code three!
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AND CHEROKEE - NIGHT
text: Patrol cars. Blues setting up a crime scene blockade.
text: Exley pulls up, DOUSES his SIREN. PATROLMAN #1 runs
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN #1
text: Loads of people down. Men.
dialog: Women. I stopped for coffee --
text: Exley pushes him aside, heads for the door. It's wide
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. NITE OWL - NIGHT
text: Exley takes mental snapshots. Ten stools front a
text: counter. The side wall mural-papered: winking owls
text: perched on street signs. On the right a string of
text: tables. Three in disarray. Food spilled, dishes broken.
text: A high-heel pump by an upended chair.
text: Heel drag marks across the linoleum floor heading back
text: toward the kitchen. Exley follows. Past an open, empty
text: cash register. Outside -- SIRENS.
speaker_heading: SERVICE RUNWAY
text: Crisscrossed drag marks connect, lead to a walk-in...
speaker_heading: FOOD LOCKER
text: Blood-soaked bodies on the floor. Five, maybe six in a
text: tangle. Dozens of shotgun shells float in the pools of
text: blood. As Exley struggles to maintain his composure...
speaker_heading: ROOKIE (O.S.)
dialog: Holy shit fuck...
text: Exley looks at a green-faced ROOKIE in the locker
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: ROOKIE
dialog: S-s-sir, there's a captain outside
dialog: wants to see you.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Don't get sick! Not in here!
text: Exley shoves the Rookie, puking, out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. NITE OWL - NIGHT
text: Patrolmen hold back a swarm of reporters and rubber-
text: neckers. HORNS BLAST. Motorcycles run interference for
text: meat wagons cut off by the crown. As Ed emerges,
text: reporters surge, shout questions. Exley hurries past,
text: finds Dudley in command and barking orders.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Sir, I took the call. It's my
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Edmund, you don't want it and you
dialog: can't have it.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Yes, I do, sir.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: It's mine. I'll make you my
dialog: second in command.
text: Exley spots a photographer moving in. He looks properly
text: serious as the flash bulb pops.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT OWL - NIGHT
text: Forensics Chief RAY PINKER walks Exley and Dudley
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: We got a total of forty-five spent
text: 12-gauge Remington shotgun shells.
text: Three men with five-shot-capacity
text: pumps. All of them reloading
dialog: twice.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Hold on... We need to canvass.
dialog: See if a purple Mercury was seen
dialog: around here tonight.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: We got a call earlier on three
text: Negro youths. Firing shotguns in
dialog: Griffith Park from a late-model
text: purple Mercury Coupe.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: (to his adjutant)
dialog: Get on it.
text: A FORENSICS COP approaches Pinker.
speaker_heading: FORENSICS COP
dialog: We got an I.D. on one of the
dialog: victims, sir... I think it's Dick
dialog: Stensland.
text: Exley and Dudley react, look at each other.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORY MOTEL - DAWN
text: Set in a no-man's-land of bulldozed homes. A sign
text: proudly announces the impending arrival of the freeway.
text: The motel is surrounded by a barbed-wire fence.
text: Abandoned but for a pair of LAPD cars and a light burning
dialog: in room 6.
text: An unmarked pulls up and Exley and Dudley step out. They
text: start forward, but a SCREAM inside 6 stops Exley short.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
text: With Mickey Cohen in prison, Los
dialog: Angeles is organized crime free.
dialog: The Chief wants it to stay that
dialog: way, Edmund. The means are not
dialog: for the weak-hearted.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORY MOTEL - ROOM 6 - DAWN
text: Bare. A table and chair bolted to the floor. A tough
text: FLAT-NOSED GANGSTER is cuffed to the hot seat. On the
text: table are a .45 and a fat roll of $100 bills.
text: Breuning and Carlisle watch as Bud White delivers a
text: couple of short, stiff body shots. Flatnose is not used
dialog: to being on the receiving end. All the same, we get the
dialog: idea Bud's a bit reluctant.
text: Bud's back is to Dudley and Exley who enter behind him.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Come, Wendell, you can do better
dialog: than that.
text: Bud turns, sees Exley and Dudley. A beat. As Bud looms
text: over Flatnose, the gangster babbles. Snitch-frenzied.
speaker_heading: FLATNOSE
dialog: I know things. I hear things.
dialog: Like with the Mick inside, things
dialog: are on this weird slowdown.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: FLATNOSE (CONT'D)
dialog: These shooter teams, bang bang
dialog: bang, they're 86-ing Mickey
dialog: Cohen's men.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: We know all that, lad. Tell us,
dialog: who do these shooters work for?
speaker_heading: FLATNOSE
dialog: I don't know. No one knows.
dialog: Maybe they're mavericks. You want
dialog: a prostie roust? Huh? Some narco
dialog: action?
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: What do you want?!
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: We want you to go home.
dialog: (to Breuning)
text: Uncuff him, Michael.
text: Dudley turns to Exley.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Mr. Sifakis is a known loan shark
dialog: from San Francisco. He arrived
text: this afternoon at Union Station.
dialog: Looking for business opportunities
dialog: in our fair city. An organized
dialog: crime associate in need of re-
dialog: education in the ways of polite
dialog: society.
text: Uncuffed, Flatnose rubs his wrists. Wary. As Breuning
text: steps back, Flatnose snatches the .45 off the table.
speaker_heading: FLATNOSE
dialog: Motherfuckers!
text: Exley dives for cover, but the other four cops just stand
text: there. Dudley looks down on the floor at Exley.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: It's part of the play, Edmund. A
dialog: sincerity test.
text: Flatnose looks at the gun a beat, then squeezes the
text: TRIGGER. CLICK CLICK. No bullets.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: (to Breuning)
text: Sit him back down.
text: CLICK, CLICK. They shove Flatnose back in the hot seat.
text: Dudley offers a hand to Exley, helps him to his feet.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Wendell, you need to accompany
dialog: Detective Lieutenant Exley on
dialog: official police business. I'll
dialog: finish up here.
scene_heading: INT. EXLEY'S PLYMOUTH - DAY
text: They drive in silence. No love lost here. Finally.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: It's a surprise. You like
dialog: surprises, don't you, White?
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY MORGUE - DAY
text: Exley pulls up. Bud looks to him. Really curious now.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY MORGUE - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Exley and Bud walk. An orderly wheels a covered corpse
text: toward them from the other end of the hall. Bud's
text: spooked. The orderly wheels the body in to the
dialog: examination room.
text: As Bud and Exley pass, the CORONER pulls back the sheet,
text: is surprised at the sight of a woman who we don't quite
dialog: see.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: Call me crazy, but for a second I
dialog: thought it was Rita Hayworth.
scene_heading: MORGUE MEAT LOCKER
text: Exley and Bud walk past a wall of drawers to where a
text: coroner's assistant waits.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: We need you to I.D. the body.
dialog: There's no next of kin and you
dialog: knew him best. So tell me...
text: The assistant pulls open drawer 12. A naked man.
text: A tag on his toe and half his face blown off.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Is that Dick Stensland?
text: Stunned, Bud stares at what's left of his old partner.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, that's Stens.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Hell of a way to avoid a prison
dialog: sentence.
text: Bud's torn between wanting to smash Exley and finding out
text: why Stensland is dead. He squeezes out the words.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: Someone held up a coffee shop,
dialog: panicked and killed six people.
dialog: Then, from the hall...
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Not my baby! Not my little girl!
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY MORGUE - EXAMINATION ROOM - DAY
text: HILDA LEFFERTS, 50, enters with the coroner to ID the
text: body of her daughter, Susan.
text: There's stray buckshot in the upper chest and shoulders,
text: but a sheet hides the real damage. It's the girl Bud saw
text: outside Hollywood Liquor. Without the black eyes, she
dialog: does look like Rita hayworth.
text: As Bud and Exley appear, Mrs. Lefferts looks confused.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: Is this your daughter, Mrs.
dialog: Lefferts?
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: I -- I don't know.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: We know this is difficult. Just
dialog: take your time and look again.
text: Exley doesn't realize, but Bud recognizes the deceased.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: It seems like my Susan, but...
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: When was the last time you saw
dialog: her, Mrs. Lefferts?
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: At Christmas. We had fought. I
dialog: didn't like her boyfriend. I --
text: she has a birthmark on her hip.
text: The Coroner lifts the sheet. Mrs. Lefferts gasps.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: It's her. My baby. Dear God...
text: As Mrs. Lefferts swoons, Bud and Exley both hold her up.
scene_heading: INT. LAPD HEADQUARTERS - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY
text: The room buzzes, jammed to the rafters with every
text: detective standing ready. The Chief waits as Dudley
text: Smith takes the mike, holds up an L.A. Times headline.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: 'Nite Owl Massacre.' Hyperbole
dialog: aside, this is a heinous crime
dialog: that requires a swift resolution.
dialog: The public will demand it and this
dialog: department will provide it. Six
dialog: victims. One of them, one of our
dialog: own -- Dick Stensland.
dialog: (as the cops react)
text: As it happens, he was a Nite Owl
dialog: regular. In the wrong place at
dialog: the wrong time.
text: Bud White listens, not too sure. Stensland said he had
dialog: something big going on...
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Robbery looks like the motive. We
dialog: have rubber glove prints on the
dialog: register and preliminary forensics
text: strongly lean toward a trio of
dialog: gunmen. We do have one hot lead,
dialog: so listen well. Three Negro
dialog: youths were seen last night
text: discharging shotguns in the air at
dialog: Griffith Park.
dialog: A park ranger I.D.ed them as
dialog: driving a 1948 to 1950 Mercury
text: Coupe, purple in color. An hour
dialog: ago, a canvassing crew found a
text: news vendor who saw a purple Merc
text: Coupe parked across from the Nite
text: Owl around 3:00 A.M.
text: The room goes loud, a big rumbling. Dudley holds up a
dialog: list.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: The D.M.V. worked all night to get
dialog: us a registration list on '48 to
dialog: '50 purple Mercs. There are 142
dialog: registered to Negroes in L.A.
text: County. Fifty two-man teams will
dialog: shake three names apiece. Hot
dialog: suspects you'll bring here.
dialog: Interrogation rooms have been set
dialog: up. They'll be run by Lieutenant
dialog: Edmund Exley. Hollywood Squad.
text: Catcalls. Boos. The Chief steps to the mike.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Enough on that. Gentlemen, just
dialog: go out and get them. Use all
dialog: necessary force. The people of
dialog: Los Angeles demand it.
text: The men exchange knowing looks. The real message: kill
text: them clean. Exley doesn't approve. As the men hurry
dialog: out...
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: He might as well have put a bounty
text: on them.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM - DAY
text: Detectives pairing up and moving out. Scanning his three
text: name list, Bud joins his PARTNER for the day.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Can you take them? I got
dialog: I got something I gotta do.
speaker_heading: PARTNER
dialog: Christ, I don't know. What if one
dialog: of these names...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What I gotta do is for Stensland.
dialog: My partner.
text: The guy looks at him a beat, nods. As Bud heads off...
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: watches everyone go. Wishes he could be part of the
text: action. He spots Jack talking to his REDNECK partner for
dialog: for the day.
scene_heading: JACK AND REDNECK
text: Redneck chews tobacco, has a Texas drawl.
speaker_heading: REDNECK
dialog: Where to, Trash?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If we go by the list, we have
dialog: about zero chance of making the
dialog: collar. But I know a guy who
dialog: knows what's going on south of
dialog: Jefferson. I'm betting he could
dialog: put us at 50/50.
speaker_heading: REDNECK
dialog: I don't know...
text: As Redneck thinks, Exley steps up. He's overheard.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I'll take those odds.
dialog: (to Redneck)
dialog: Take off. We got it from here.
text: Jack stares. Redneck shrugs, spits tobacco juice in a
dialog: cup.
speaker_heading: REDNECK
dialog: Between the two of you guys, you
dialog: should bring along a photographer.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD LIQUOR - DAY
dialog: Last time we saw the Owner was Christmas Eve. He looks
text: up from a customer as Bud strides in, badge out front.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I need an address on a customer of
dialog: yours. Her name was Lynn.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: That's all I have to go on?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah. And I think you already
dialog: know who I mean, so cough it up.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: Lynn Bracken. There's a billing
text: address and a delivery address.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Give me both. Billing first.
scene_heading: EXT. 1184 GRETNA GREEN, BRENTWOOD (PATCHETT'S) - DAY
text: A big, pink Spanish mansion with lots of tile. Also last
text: seen outside Hollywood Liquor on Christmas Eve, Pierce
text: Patchett is in the front yard, chipping golf balls over a
text: koi pond. They land in a tight grouping. As he tees up:
speaker_heading: BUD (O.S.)
dialog: You must slay 'em at the country
dialog: club.
text: Bud's halfway up the walk. Patchett sees the cuffs
text: hooked to his belt. Patchett is cool as can be.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Are you Pierce Patchett?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: I am. Are you soliciting for
dialog: police charities? The last time,
dialog: you people called at my office.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm a homicide detective. Where
dialog: were you last night?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: I was here, hosting a party. Who
dialog: was killed and why do you think I
dialog: can help?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Richard Stensland.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: I don't know him. Mr...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Officer White. How about Susan
dialog: Lefferts? You know her?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: (sighs, concedes)
dialog: You know I do or you wouldn't be
dialog: here. How did you find me?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: We met outside Hollywood Liquors
dialog: on Christmas Eve. This is where
text: Lynn Bracken's booze bills go.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Of course...
speaker_heading: BUD
text: Sue Lefferts died at the Nite Owl.
dialog: I'm investigating.
text: Patchett studies Bud a beat, weighing his options.
text: Patchett's burly BODYGUARD starts over from the house.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Everything alright, Mr. Patchett?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: (waves him off)
dialog: Fine, Philip. Thank you.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Where's the other guy? Buzz.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: He no longer works for me.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Find Susan's killer, Mr. White.
dialog: I'll give you a handsome reward.
dialog: Whatever you desire.
dialog: If only Jack had been around to hear that.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thanks, but no thanks.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Against your code?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't have one. Lefferts looked
dialog: beat-up Christmas Eve, but didn't
dialog: act it. How come?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Do you care about criminal matters
dialog: peripheral to Susan's murder?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Then you wouldn't feel obligated
dialog: to report them?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Then listen closely, because I'll
dialog: only say this once and if it gets
dialog: repeated, I'll deny it. I run
dialog: call girls. Lynn Bracken is one
dialog: of them and so was Susan Lefferts.
dialog: I treat my girls very well. I
dialog: have grown daughters, myself, and
dialog: I don't like the thought of women
dialog: being hurt. I sense you share
dialog: this feeling.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (ignores comment)
dialog: Why were Lefferts' eyes black?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: I think she'd been hit in the face
text: with a tennis racket. She is --
dialog: was -- a big doubles fan.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You wanna go downtown and discuss
dialog: this officially?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Wait. Our deal still holds?
text: Bud nods, his patience running thin.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: I needed a Rita Hayworth to fill
dialog: out my little studio.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What little studio?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: There's Gardner, Hepburn, Grable,
dialog: Turner. Lynn Bracken is my
dialog: Veronica Lake. I use girls who
dialog: look like movie stars. Sometimes
dialog: I employ a plastic surgeon.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's why her mother couldn't
dialog: I.D. her... Jesus fucking Christ.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: No, Mr. White. Pierce Morehouse
dialog: Patchett. Now, I sense you're on
dialog: your best behavior, but that's all
dialog: I'll give you. If you persist,
dialog: I'll meet you with my attorney.
dialog: Now, would you like Miss Bracken's
dialog: address? I doubt she knows
dialog: anything, but --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I got her address.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Of course... this is personal with
dialog: you, isn't it, Mr. White?
text: Bud turns, heads down the walk. Patchett hits his golf
text: ball. It lands just past the koi pond, with the rest.
dialog: Ice.
scene_heading: EXT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM, LOS FELIZ (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - DAY
text: A modern-looking triplex. A projector's flicker strobes
text: against the closed curtains. We hear a PHONE RING.
scene_heading: INT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - DAY
dialog: The film is This Gun For Hire with Alan Ladd and Veronica
text: Lake. It's projected on a wall in front of which stands
text: Lynn Bracken and an OLDER GENTLEMAN, in his underwear.
text: Lynn's long, blonde hair hangs down over one eye. She
text: looks more like Veronica Lake than Veronica Lake. The
text: film flashes over them as they kiss.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Lynn ignores it as long as she can
text: before breaking away to go answer it.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: OLDER GENTLEMAN
dialog: (Alan Ladd)
dialog: Is it the cops?
text: She waves him off. As he practices pointing his finger
text: like Ladd points a gun, Lynn reacts to the news on the
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: EXT. 9781 SOUTH DUQUESNE - DAY
text: A South Central plywood and tar-paper dive. A BLACK
text: BOXER pounds a heavy bag/speed bag combo bolted to the
text: porch. Wiry, a welterweight, he doesn't see Jack and
text: Exley till they're almost on top of him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Leonard Bidwell?
text: The Boxer leans on the bag to catch his breath. Looking
text: them over, he finally nods.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How's the left these days?
speaker_heading: BOXER
dialog: What's it to you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I saw you fight Kid Gavilan. I
dialog: like your style.
speaker_heading: BOXER
dialog: What do you want, Mr. Policeman?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You got a brother up in Folsom. I
dialog: know because I put him there.
speaker_heading: BOXER
dialog: Till 19-fucking-70.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How'd you like to make it 1960? I
dialog: know the judge and Sergeant Exley
dialog: here is friends with hte D.A.
text: Exley nods, this is true. The Boxer's still listening.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We're looking for three colored
dialog: guys who like to pop off shotguns.
dialog: One of 'em owns a purple Merc
dialog: coupe.
speaker_heading: BOXER
dialog: You wanna get me a fuckin' snitch
dialog: jacket?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You wanna buy your brother ten
dialog: years...? You don't have to say
dialog: anything. Just look at this list
dialog: and point. Here.
text: Jack holds the DMV list out to the Boxer, who waves it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: BOXER
dialog: He's bad, so I'll just tell you.
dialog: Sugar Ray Coates. Drives a '49
dialog: coupe, a beautiful ride. Don't
dialog: know about shotguns, but he gets
text: his thrills killing dogs. He is
dialog: righteous trash.
text: Jack and Exley scan the list. Jack's finger stabs down
dialog: on, "Coates, Raymond, 9611 South Central, Room 414."
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's five minutes from here.
scene_heading: EXT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - DAY
text: Lynn does her best to usher the slightly disheveled
text: Older Gentleman out the door.
speaker_heading: OLDER GENTLEMAN
dialog: I don't understand, doll, we just
dialog: got started.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I'm sorry, but I'll make it up
dialog: to you. I promise.
speaker_heading: OLDER GENTLEMAN
dialog: Gosh, kitten, I don't know...
text: As he begins to mash up against her...
speaker_heading: BUD (O.S.)
text: Hit the road, gramps.
text: Bud's standing at the bottom of the stairs. The Older
text: Gentleman strikes a pose. He still thinks he's Alan
dialog: Ladd.
speaker_heading: OLDER GENTLEMAN
dialog: Alright. This time I'll go, but
dialog: next time --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (flips badge)
dialog: L.A.P.D., shitbird. Get the fuck
dialog: out of here or I'll call your wife
dialog: to come get you.
text: Sputtering, the Older Gentleman exchanges a look with
text: Lynn then hurries away, giving Bud a wide berth.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I've been expecting you. Pierce
dialog: called. Told me what happened
dialog: to Sue.
scene_heading: INT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - DAY
text: A nice breezy feel. The perfect place to shack up.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: It's Officer White, isn't it?
text: Bud nods, eyeballs the place.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Can I get you a drink?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, plain scotch.
text: Bud watches her move to the bar. God, she's beautiful.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I was friendly with Sue Lefferts,
dialog: but we weren't really friends.
dialog: You know what I mean?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Are you sorry she's dead?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Of course I am. What kind of
dialog: question is that?
text: She steps back with a scotch for both of them.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Have you ever heard of Dick
dialog: Stensland?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: No I haven't. Do you know why
dialog: Pierce is humoring you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You use words like that, you
dialog: might make me mad.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Yes. But do you know?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah I know. Patchett's running
text: whores and judging by his address,
dialog: probably something bigger on the
dialog: side. He doesn't want any
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: That's right. Our motives are
dialog: selfish, so we're cooperating.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Why was Susan Lefferts at the
dialog: Nite Owl?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I don't know. I never heard of
dialog: the Nite Owl till today.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Did Lefferts have a boyfriend?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Like I said we were friendly,
dialog: not friends.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: How'd she meet Patchett?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Pierce meets people. Sue came
text: on the bus with dreams of
dialog: Hollywood. This is how they
dialog: turned out. Thanks to Pierce,
dialog: we still get to act a little.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Tell me about Patchett.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: He's waiting for you to mention
dialog: mention.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You want some advice, Miss
dialog: Bracken?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: It's Lynn.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Bracken, don't ever try to
dialog: fucking bribe me or threaten me
dialog: or I'll have you and Patchett
dialog: in shit up to your ears.
text: Lynn smiles again. She likes Bud. A beat.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I remember you from Christmas
dialog: Eve. You have a thing for
dialog: helping women, don't you,
dialog: Officer White?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Maybe I'm just fucking curious.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You say 'fuck' a lot.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You fuck for money.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: There's blood on your shirt. Is
dialog: that an integral part of your job?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Do you enjoy it?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: When they deserve it.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Did they deserve it today?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: But you did it anyway.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, just like the half dozen
dialog: guys you screwed today.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (laughs again)
dialog: Actually, it was two. You're
dialog: different, Officer White. You're
dialog: the first man in five years who
dialog: didn't tell me I look like
text: Veronica Lake inside of a minute.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You look better than Veronica
dialog: Lake. Now, Pierce Patchett.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: He takes a cut of our earnings
dialog: and invests it for us. He makes
dialog: us quit the life at thirty. He
dialog: doesn't let us use narcotics and
dialog: he doesn't abuse us. Can your
dialog: policeman's mentality grasp
dialog: those contradictions?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: He had you cut to look like
dialog: Veronica Lake?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: No. I'm really a brunette, but
dialog: the rest is me. And that's all
dialog: the news that's fit to print.
text: Lynn starts toward the door. Bud watches her a moment,
text: then follows. She takes his glass at the door.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: It was nice meeting you, Officer.
text: Out the door, Bud turns back. Blurts:
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Look. I want to see you again.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Are you asking me for a date or
dialog: an appointment?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (suddenly unsure)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (another smile)
dialog: If it's a date I think you'd
dialog: better tell me your first name
dialog: because I --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (feeling foolish)
dialog: Forget I asked. It was a
dialog: mistake.
text: Lynn watches thoughtfully after Bud as he walks away.
text: He opens his car door like he's going to tear ir off.
text: A last glance back at Lynn and as he gets in the car...
scene_heading: EXT. TEVERE HOTEL - DAY
text: An L-shaped walk-up. Jack coasts the car to the curb.
text: He leaps out with Exley. Exley holds up at the sight
text: of a late model sedan. He leans down to look in the
text: window at the two-way on the dash.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
speaker_heading: L.A.P.D.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shit. Someone beat us here.
text: VOICES from the carport ahead. We see a chrome bumper,
text: the purple fender of a '49 Mercury coupe. A door slams.
text: Drawing a .45, Jack starts over with Exley, .38 in hand.
speaker_heading: CARPORT
text: Toting shotguns, Dudley's boys from the Victory Motel,
text: Breuning and Carlisle, stand by the purple Mercury. Jack
text: and Exley come around the corner, lower their guns.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey.
text: Breuning wheels, pumps a round into the chamber. He very
text: nearly fires before he sees who it is.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: What the fuck are you guys doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Think of us as back-up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you got?
text: As Jack moves to peer through the Merc's window.
speaker_heading: BREUNING
text: Three Ithaca pumps, an empty box
dialog: of double-ought buck and cash.
text: Jack spots them. Three shotguns on the passenger side
text: floor, an empty box of shells and loose dollar bills.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So long, Vice. Badge of Honor,
dialog: here I come.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Fuck you, Vincennes. It's our
dialog: collar.
text: Breuning actually has to restrain his partner.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Quiet. I'm ranking officer here.
dialog: We go as a team. End of story.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - TEVERE HOTEL - DAY
text: Breuning and Carlisle lead the way with Jack and Exley
text: bringing up the rear. Squinting, Exley reaches to his
text: pocket for something. Not there.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Damnit...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Glasses.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Just don't shoot me.
text: The door to 414. Two men on either side. Breuning rears
text: back. Jack rears back. They kick at the same instant.
text: The door flies off its hinges to reveal two young black
text: men, LARRY FONTAINE and TY JONES, waking from a couple
text: of flop mattresses.
speaker_heading: ROOM 414
text: Fontaine jumps up. Entering, Carlisle aims, but Exley
text: grabs his arm. The BLAST rips the ceiling. Jack aims.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Freeze!
text: Fontaine freezes. Jones doesn't dare get up.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Ace him, Jack.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Shut up, Carlisle!
text: Jack and Exley burst into a...
speaker_heading: SECOND BEDROOM
text: Another black, RAY COATES, passed out on mattress, sur-
text: rounded by empty beer cans. Jack sticks his .38 in his
text: back, starts to cuff him. As the cuff ratchets down...
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - DAY
text: Dudley watches intently as Ed Exley skims a report,
text: memorizing names and dates. Jack and other brass are
dialog: also here along with a stenographer. So's Bud. One of
text: these guys killed Stensland. Through tinted glass, the
text: three suspects in three different rooms.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Casitas Youth Camp... Coates
dialog: twenty-two, a boxer... Manager
dialog: saw them burning clothes.
text: Satisfied, Exley sets the report down.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Ed, I want confessions.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I'll break them, sir.
text: As Exley steps into the #1 room, Jack joins Dudley.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You think golden boy can handle
dialog: it, Cap?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I think you'll be surprised what
dialog: Edmund's capable of.
scene_heading: INT. #1 ROOM - DAY
text: Exley closes the door. Ray Coates is cuffed to a chair,
text: dressed in baggy County denims. One eye swollen shut,
text: lip split, a smashed nose with one nostril split.
text: Exley unlocks his cuffs. drops cigarettes and amtches
text: on the table. As Coates rubs his wrists...
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: They call you Sugar Ray because
dialog: of Ray Robinson?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: They say Robinson can throw a
dialog: four punch combination in one
dialog: second. Do you believe that?
text: Coates just stares at him.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You're twenty-two, aren't you, Ray?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Say what and so what.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Did one of the officers work you
dialog: over a little?
text: No bite. Coates just stares back.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You look like Robinson after
dialog: that last LaMotta fight. 'Course
dialog: LaMotta looked a lot worse. So
dialog: you're twenty-two, right?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Man, why do you keep asking me
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Just getting my facts straight.
text: Twenty-two makes it a gas chamber
dialog: bounce.
dialog: You should have pulled this caper
dialog: a couple of years ago. Get life,
dialog: do a little Youth Authority jolt,
dialog: transfer to Folsom a big man.
dialog: Orbit on some of that good prison
dialog: brew, get yourself a sissy --
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: I never truck with no sissies!
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: That fucking Larry. I almost
dialog: believed him.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Believed what?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Nothing, Ray.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: That Larry, he's a pisser. You
dialog: did the Casitas Youth Camp with
dialog: him, didn't you?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Man, why're you talkin' about
dialog: Larry? His business is his
dialog: business.
text: Unseen by Coates, Exley reaches under the table, takes
text: hold of one of three toggle switches.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Sugar, Larry told me you went
dialog: sissy up at Casitas. You
dialog: couldn't do the time so you
dialog: found yourself a big white boy
dialog: to look after you. He said
dialog: they call you 'Sugar' because
dialog: you gave it out so sweet.
text: Exley flips the toggle.
speaker_heading: #3 ROOM
text: The speaker over Larry Fontaine's head crackles to life.
speaker_heading: COATES (V.O.)
dialog: Larry gave it at Casitas! Man,
dialog: I was the fuckin' boss jocker on
dialog: my dorm! Larry's the sissy!
dialog: Larry gave it for candy bars!
speaker_heading: #1 ROOM
text: Exley flips up the second toggle.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Ray, you protected Ty and Larry
dialog: up in Casitas, didn't you?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: You ain't woofin' I did. Stupid
dialog: down home niggers got no more
dialog: sense than a fuckin' dog.
text: Exley flips the switches off.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I heard you like to shoot dogs.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Dogs got no reason to live.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Oh? you feel that way about
dialog: people, too?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Man, what're you saying?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Ray, we got the shotguns.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: I don't own no shotguns.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Why were you throwing clothes
dialog: in the building incinerator?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You guys were arrested this
dialog: morning, but none of you have
dialog: last night's clothes. You were
dialog: seen burning them. Add to that
dialog: the fact that you hid the car
dialog: you were cruising around in
dialog: last night and it doesn't look
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: I got nothin' more to say till
dialog: I see a judge.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Were you on hop? You were passed
dialog: out when you got arrested. Were
dialog: you hopped up, Ray?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Ty and Larry fuck with that
dialog: shit, not me.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Where do they get their stuff?
dialog: Come on. Give me one to feed
dialog: the D.A. Just a little one.
text: Coates nods. Exley flips up the toggles as he leans
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Roland Navarette. Lives on
text: Bunker Hill. He runs a hole-up
dialog: for parole absconders and sells
dialog: red devils.
text: Exley flips down the switches, stands.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I'm going to take a break.
text: Exley opens the door, looks back in afterthought.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You know, Ray, I'm talking about
dialog: the gas chamber and you haven't
dialog: even asked me what this is all
dialog: about. You got a big guilty
dialog: sign around your neck.
text: Exley exits.
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Exley enters.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Masterful, Edmund. Your father
dialog: would've been proud.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: This one's on the verge.
text: Exley looks through the glass into #2. Larry Fontaine
text: is weeping. A piss puddle on the floor by his chair.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: Fontaine next, but give Jones
dialog: the newspaper. I want him
text: primed.
speaker_heading: #2 ROOM
text: Fontaine tries to control his sniffles as Exley enters.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Larry, Ray Coates ratted you
dialog: off. He said the Nite Owl was
dialog: your idea. You want to tell me
dialog: about it?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I think it was Ray's idea. Talk
dialog: and I think I can save your life.
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Larry, this is a gas chamber job.
dialog: If you don't talk, you'll be dead
dialog: in six months.
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: Son, six people are dead and
dialog: somebody has to pay. It can be
dialog: you or it can be Ray.
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Larry, he called you queer. He
dialog: said at Casitas you took it up
dialog: the ass. He said --
speaker_heading: FONTAINE
dialog: I DIDN'T KILL NOBODY!
text: The voice is strong, full of conviction. Exley
text: glances at the mirror. Then...
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Why'd you burn the clothes?
speaker_heading: FONTAINE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: I just wanted to lose my cherry.
dialog: I didn't mean to hurt her.
text: Exley can't hide his surprise at this.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Hurt who? Was she a hooker?
dialog: Hurt who?
text: But Fontaine is gone. Head lolling, eyes squeezing
text: out tears.
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Exley steps out of the interrogation room. Dudley
text: braces him.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Don't get sidetracked. Stay with
dialog: the Nite Owl.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: She may still be alive, whoever
dialog: she is.
dialog: Bud's all ears.
speaker_heading: #3 ROOM
text: Reading, Jones has his feet on the table. Exley
text: bursts in.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: This newspaper shit ain't shit.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Where's the girl? Did you kill her?
text: No answer, but Jones looks nervous.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You wanted Larry to lose his
dialog: cherry, but things got out of
dialog: hand. Is that right?
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Everyone's attention is riveted, particularly Bud's.
text: They watch, listen over the speaker.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Kick loose, Jones. I know you
dialog: made her bleed, but that doesn't
dialog: mean you killed her.
text: No answer, but Jones is squirming.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: If that girl's alive, you've
dialog: still got a chance on this one.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: I think she's alive.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: You think?
text: Jack turns to Dudley.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He's good. I'll give him that.
text: They don't notice as the chair back begins to splinter
text: in Bud's hands.
speaker_heading: #3 ROOM
text: Exley sits across from him, tries to wrap it up.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Where is she now?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Did you leave her someplace?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Did you sell her out? Give her
dialog: to some of your buddies? Tell
dialog: me where the girl is!
text: The door blasts open. Bud slams Jones up against the
text: wall. As Exley stands, he bangs his knee on the table.
text: Pulling a .38, Bud breaks the cylinder, drops 5 shells
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: One in six. Where's the girl?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Officer White, put down that
dialog: weapon and --
text: Bud shoves the barrel into Jones' mouth, pulls the
text: trigger twice. CLICK, CLICK. Jones starts to slide
text: down the wall. Bud jerks him back up, roars.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: WHERE?!
text: Two more clicks. Jones spills.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: S-sylvester F-fitch one-o-nine
dialog: and Avalon gray corner house...
scene_heading: EXT. AVALON BOULEVARD - EVENING
text: A four cordon. They coast up to a GRAY CORNER HOUSE.
text: Dudley Smith behind the wheel of the lead cruiser. Bud
text: White rides shotgun, reloading his revolver.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Give me one minute.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You've got it, Wendell.
speaker_heading: STREET
text: Bud is out the door and scooting down an alley. Exley
text: moves to follow, but Dudley cuts him off.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
text: We're going through the front.
speaker_heading: ALLEY
text: Bud vaults a fence, pads up the back porch. A screen
text: door. Bud slips the catch with a penknife and walks
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: SCREEN PORCH
text: Bud heads for a blind-covered door. Unlocked, he
dialog: enters...
speaker_heading: A HALLWAY
text: Light bouncing from side rooms. We hear the opening
text: spiel of "Badge of Honor" from the left. Bud wheels into
dialog: a...
speaker_heading: BEDROOM
text: A NUDE GIRL spread-eagled on a mattress. Bound with
text: neckties. One in her mouth. Her eyes grow wide at the
text: sight of Bud, then flicker to the adjoining room.
text: Directing him. Raising the .38, Bud enters...
speaker_heading: THE KITCHEN
text: Sylvester Fitch sits naked at the table wolfing Rice
text: Krispies and watching "Badge of Honor" on a flickering
text: TV. He looks up, sees the .38 before he sees Bud beyond
text: it. Fitch drops his spoon, raises his hands.
text: Bud SHOOTS him in the face. Dead, Fitch just sits there.
text: Bud moves behind him. Pulling a spare piece from an
text: ankle holster, Bud FIRES back at the door from Fitch's
text: line of fire, then puts the gun in Fitch's hand.
text: We hear the FRONT DOOR CRASH OPEN. As Fitch slides off
text: the chair to the floor, Bud dumps the Rice Krispies on
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Girl on a stretcher. Being carried to an AMBULANCE.
text: Bud White walks alongside, looking like some ferocious
text: pet pit bull. The ATTENDANTS get her inside. One joins
text: her. The other closes the door, pauses to light a smoke.
text: Bud rips the cigarette out of his mouth, nearly taking
text: the guy's lips with it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Get her to the fucking hospital.
text: One look at Bud, and the Attendant is running around to
text: the driver's side. Exley arrives, steamed.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: A naked guy with a gun? You
dialog: expect anyone to believe that?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Get the fuck away from me.
text: Bud starts away, but Exley gets right in his face. Other
text: cops begin to take notice. The ambulance pulls out.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: How's it going to look on your
dialog: report?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It'll look like justice. That's
dialog: what that fat fuck got. Justice.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You don't know what the word means,
dialog: you dumb bastard.
text: Bud goes after Exley, but ten hands pull them apart.
text: Dudley on Exley. Four cops genuinely having trouble
dialog: on Bud.
text: And as if things couldn't get crazier, shouts from the
text: cops on the street. POLICE RADIOS CRANKED UP.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: Repeat, three suspects escaped
text: from the Hall of Justice jail.
dialog: The Nite Owl killers: Raymond
dialog: Coates, Tyrone Jones and Larry
dialog: Fontaine. They are considered
text: armed and extremely dangerous.
dialog: Descriptions are as follows...
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM - DAY
text: Electrified, "Nite Owl Killers" on everyone's lips.
text: Exley strides through with purpose, beelines to a filing
text: cabinet. Exley pulls the file he's looking for. He
text: scans an interrogation transcript, reads to himself the
dialog: words he's looking for:
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: 'Give me one to feed the D.A....
dialog: Roland Navarette. Lives on
text: Bunker Hill. Runs a hole-up for
dialog: parole absconders.'
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - JACK'S DESK - DAY
text: Police rush back and forth. Exley hurries over to the
text: desk, but he's not there.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Anyone seen Jack Vincennes?
text: A few cops mumble they haven't. As Exley decides what
text: to do, Carlisle from the original arrest steps over.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Is something up, Lieutenant?
scene_heading: EXT. 1ST &amp; OLIVE - DAY
text: Exley and Carlisle pull up across the street from a
text: four-story Victorian with paint peeling off the clap-
text: boards. They jump out of the car toting SHOTGUNS.
text: Carlisle waits as Exley checks the mail slots:
dialog: "R. Navarette, 408. "
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - VICTORIAN BUILDING - DAY
text: Exley and Carlisle take the steps two at a time.
scene_heading: INT. 4TH FLOOR HALLWAY - VICTORIAN BUILDING - DAY
text: Exley squints, reaches to a pocket. No glasses. He
text: passes an elevator, rounds a corner. There's 408. Exley
text: pumps the shotgun, nods to Carlisle who kicks the door
dialog: in.
scene_heading: NAVARETTE LIVING ROOM
text: Exley and Carlisle burst in on four men eating sandwiches.
text: Fontaine and Caucasian NAVARETTE at a table. Coates on
text: the floor. Jones by the window. Exley squints.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Nobody move!
text: Fontaine and Navarette raise their hands. A jostled BEER
text: BOTTLE CRASHES to the floor. Reacting, Carlisle JERKS
text: the TRIGGER. Fontaine goes down.
text: Navarette draws a .38, SHOOTS Carlisle twice in the
text: chest. Exley BLASTS Navarette.
text: Screaming, Jones pulls a .45 from his belt. Exley FIRES,
text: blowing him right THROUGH the WINDOW.
text: Coates draws and FIRES, makes a run for it. A bad pull
text: takes out half a back wall. Coates is out the door.
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR
text: Coates makes it inside, frantically pushes buttons.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Here comes Exley. Stumbling, wiping Navarette's blood
text: out of his eyes, he closes on the...
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR
text: Coates watches as the elevator doors begin closing.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Exley charging.
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR
text: The shotgun barrel juts through. The doors bang against
dialog: it. BLAM!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: L.A. MONTAGE
text: TONY BENNETT belts "BOULEVARD OF BROKEN DREAMS."
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - DAY
text: Exley returns to grudging respect. His white shirt
text: flecked with blood, he's clapped on the back by Dudley
text: who dubs him "Shotgun Ed." Exley doesn't enjoy it. He's
text: numb, stumbling along. As he notices the blood on his
dialog: hands...
scene_heading: INSERT - NEWSPAPER HEADLINE
text: NITE OWL HERO! Over a photo of Exley.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - GRAVE - DAY
text: A coffin is lowered into the ground. A WIDOW leans on
text: the Chief's arm, accepts a tri-folded American flag from
text: Dudley Smith. Exley drops a handful of earth on the
text: casket, has trouble getting the wet dirt off his hands.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: We mourn the passing of a good
dialog: man. The loss of Sgt. William
dialog: Carlisle is the loss of his
dialog: wife, his family and the entire
dialog: Los Angeles Police Department...
text: A sea of dress blues. Jack looks bored, dressed too
text: flashy for a funeral. Bud looks grim, rain dripping off
text: the brim of his cap. As a TWENTY-ONE GUN salute is
dialog: FIRED...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY (SOUTH CENTRAL, L.A.) - DAY
text: Larry Fontaine's mother mourns alone as her son is
dialog: buried.
scene_heading: INT. CITY OF ANGELS HOSPITAL - RECEPTION AREA - DAY
text: Exley talks with a tough, starchy NURSE.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I need the girl to give me a
dialog: chronology of events. No details.
dialog: Just times.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Absolutely not. She barely
dialog: remembers her own name.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I was told the case was closed.
dialog: Should I call your superior to
dialog: double-check?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: No. that won't be necessary.
text: The Nurse turns, marches away. Exley is left with a
text: nagging doubt.
scene_heading: EXT. ORANGE GROVE (ANAHEIM) - DAY
text: People cheer as bulldozers mow down orange trees. A
text: banner heralds the future: "On this site: The World's
text: Biggest Amusement Park." Cartoon characters dance among
text: the fallen trees.
scene_heading: INT. STATE ASSEMBLYMAN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sitting behind a desk is the Older Gentleman last seen
text: doing his best Alan Ladd impersonation at Lynn Bracken's.
text: He stares emphatically at the SMARMY LAWYER who stands
text: before him holding a manila folder.
speaker_heading: OLDER GENTLEMAN
dialog: You tell Mr. Patchett I have no
dialog: intention of changing my vote.
text: The Lawyer simply hands him a stack of photographs. From
text: Lynn Bracken's apartment. The first is the Older
text: Gentleman naked except for his socks and garters.
scene_heading: INT. STATE ASSEMBLY - CHAMBER - DAY
text: The Older Gentleman rises for an assembly vote.
speaker_heading: OLDER GENTLEMAN
dialog: It may surprise some, but a mature
dialog: man, enlightened by the facts, can
dialog: change him mind...
scene_heading: EXT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - NIGHT
text: Rain. A limo disgorges a heavy-set man who climbs steps,
text: knocks on the door. Lynn answers in an evening gown. He
text: gives her a peck on the cheek and continues in past her.
text: Lynn's about to follow him in when she pauses to deadpan
text: a look down the street.
text: Bud's Packard is parked there and we can see his darkened
text: silhouette behind the wheel. Smiling a bit sadly to
text: herself, Lynn disappears inside.
text: This is no stake-out. Bud watches after her with
text: yearning.
scene_heading: INT. TROCADERO CLUB - NIGHT
text: Cigarette girls and club photographer make the rounds.
text: Johnny Stompanato enjoys the frenzien floor show.
scene_heading: EXT. WILSHIRE BOULEVARD - DAY
text: A horse parade, heavy on the law enforcement contingent,
text: Out of place in his suit and tie, District Attorney Ellis
text: Loew awkwardly rides atop a sleek Palimono.
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: The crowd in a frenzy as Vincennes-snitch, the
text: welterweight black boxer, beats the shit out of a white
dialog: fighter.
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE CLASS LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A father holds out his hand, counts along as Jack slaps
text: $100 bills into his palm. Maybe four thousand dollars.
dialog: Jack says something about "We appreciate your
dialog: understanding during this difficult time." As "Badge of
text: Honor" comes on the TV, the father responds with "Goddamn
dialog: actors."
text: Leading, Jack looks through an open door where Brett
text: Chase's high school "Sweater Girl" is being comforted by
text: her mother. As she locks eyes with him an instant...
scene_heading: INT. PIERCE PATCHETT'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The monied johns watch horny as hell as "Ginger Rogers"
text: twirls around the room with a female "Fred Astaire."
text: Clothes fly as they spin. Still, most eyes turn to Lynn
text: Bracken as she enters oozing that cat-girl grace.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Reporters scribble as the Chief speaks. Uniforms
text: everywhere along with Exley and Loew. Bus sits in the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Edmund J. Exley has amassed a
dialog: brilliant record in his seven
dialog: years with the L.A.P.D. Recently
dialog: he evinced spectacular bravery in
dialog: the line of duty. It is my honor
dialog: to present him with our highest
dialog: honor, the Medal of Valor.
text: Exley steps up. The Chief hangs a gold medallion around
text: his neck. Flashbulbs pop as the two men shake hands.
text: Exley then accepts a handshake from Dudley. The
text: policemen stand on cue, applaud without enthusiasm.
text: Dudley lifts the medal from his chest.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Your father would've been proud.
text: Exley uses the noise to have aprivate chat with Dudley.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: There are loose ends out there,
dialog: Dudley. I --
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: There always are. But there are
text: also three men and three guns.
text: Matched forensically. A few loose
dialog: ends don't matter.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Something's wrong. I feel it
dialog: inside. Doesn't that sound crazy?
text: Dudley puts an arm around Exley's shoulder, smiles out as
text: more bulbs flash.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Breaking a big case sticks you in
text: a whirlwind. A little self-doubt?
dialog: It's natural. Just keep it
dialog: inside. Between you and you.
text: Exley considers his medal. It is an appealing thing.
text: In the back, Bud stays sprawled in his seat. No one's
text: watching as he takes out his gun, kisses it, and blows
text: pretend smoke off the barrel. As the song ends...
scene_heading: INT. VARIETY INTERNATIONAL PICTURES - STAGE 4 - NIGHT
text: A "Badge of Honor" fund-raiser for D.A. Loew's re-
text: election cmpaign. Hot dogs and sauerkraut. Fishbowls
text: stuffed with cash. Jack is here, returns a smile half-
text: heartedly. Loew sits with his wife and teenage daughter
text: as Brett "Joe Reno" Chase speaks.
speaker_heading: CHASE
dialog: This election is about the future
dialog: of law enforcement in Los Angeles.
dialog: Ellis Loew represents that future.
dialog: So dig deep and let's get a moral
dialog: man re-elected.
text: Applause. Leaving the podium, Chase smiles at Ellis
text: Loew's daughter who absolutely gushes. Chase then winks
text: knowingly to Jack who returns a tired, humorless smile.
text: Jack scans the room. An odd moment as Jack catches his
text: own reflection in a mirror across the way. He puts a
text: hand to his face. Is that him?
speaker_heading: HUDGEON (O.S.)
dialog: Big V Jack Vincennes!
text: Jack turns to see Sid Hudgeons approaching.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: You're back, boychick.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sid, how are they hanging?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
text: Down around my ankles.
text: Hudgeons scans the crowd, points someone out.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: You remember Matt Reynolds?
text: Jack spots Matt Reynolds -- one of the young actors Jack
text: arrested on Christmas Eve.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
text: The Grauman's Chinese pot bust.
dialog: He just got off the honor farm.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What's he doing here, Sid?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: You tight with the D.A., trash?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sure, he just tried to throw me
dialog: off the force last Christmas as a
dialog: little joke.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: How'd you like a little payback?
dialog: Not to mention a donation to the
dialog: widows and orphans fund. Did you
dialog: know Loew was a swish?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And Reynolds?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: He's queer too. Metro paid him
dialog: two grand a week to fake it with
dialog: ingenues. On screen and off. I'm
dialog: getting him to fuck the D.A. for a
dialog: hundred bucks.
dialog: (winks)
dialog: That's twice the fifty you got for
text: wrecking his career.
text: Even Jack's not immune to a comment like that.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Matt! Over here!
text: As Hudgeons heads over, Hudgeons points out...
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: That's D.A. Loew right there.
text: Reynolds gets a nervous bead on Loew. Hudgeons realizes:
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: You need a drink, kid... Jack,
dialog: look after him a minute. Kid,
dialog: this is Jack. No secrets between
dialog: me and him.
text: Hudgeons heads off. Reynolds, plae, nods at Jack.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Have we met before?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jack doesn't really feel like talking to him. Reynolds'
text: nerves won't let him stay quiet.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Was it a party?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: (misreading)
dialog: Oh, I know. A Fleur-de-Lis party,
dialog: right?
text: Jack remembers the name, plays along for what it's worth.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fleaur-de-Lis. 'Whatever you
dialog: desire.'
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Dope, liquor, hookers that look
dialog: like movie stars. Pierce Patchett
dialog: has it all.
text: Jack recognizes the name, bluffs for more information.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah. Me and Patchett go way
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Pierce isn't like regular people.
dialog: I dig him, but he scares me too.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Really? How?
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: You know, when I came out to L.A.,
dialog: this isn't exactly where I saw
dialog: myself ending up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah. Me neither.
text: Reynolds looks like he's going to cry. Hudgeons returns
text: with a double Scotch straight up and a hot dog with
text: sauerkraut. He hands the drink to Matt.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Dutch courage, kid. Drink up.
text: Reynolds downs a few gulps, looks across the room at
dialog: Loew.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: I don't know if I should do this.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Hey, it's not like you don't know
dialog: how. And Jack here has
dialog: connections on 'Badge of Honor.'
dialog: Pull this off and there'll be a
dialog: part for you. I smell a comeback.
dialog: Don't you, Jack?
text: Reynolds looks to Jack who gives a noncommittal shrug.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Loew's free. Congratulate him.
text: Reynolds nods, drains his glass and heads off. Hudgeons
text: hands Jack a folded slip of paper.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: If Reynolds works his charms,
dialog: which he will, this is the address
dialog: where they'll be. Meet me at
dialog: midnight. I guarantee all sorts
dialog: of illegal activity.
text: Hudgeons takes out a President Grant $50 bill. Jack
dialog: doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sid, why would a guy like Pierce
dialog: Patchett get involved with running
dialog: dope and hookers?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Where'd you hear that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Around.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Jackie, all I know is what you
dialog: know. The man is very rich. And
dialog: he's invested in freeway
dialog: construction so he's gonna get a
dialog: lot richer. But that's it.
dialog: Patchett's what I like to call
dialog: 'Twilight.' He ain't queer, he
dialog: ain't Red, he can't help me in my
dialog: quest for prime sinuendo.
text: Jack takes the $50 as Reynolds returns, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: I can't do it.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Talk to him, Jack. Tell him about
text: the opening on the show.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm pretty sure I can get you a
dialog: part on the show... But tonight?
dialog: Pretend it's an acting job, kid.
dialog: Showbiz.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: And no one'll know about this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It'll be our secret.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Showbiz.
text: Emboldened by Jack's promise, Reynolds heads off. Jack
text: and Hudgeons watch as he strikes a conversation with Loew
text: who's captivated. Hudgeons chomps a bite of his hot dog,
text: gives Jack the high sign, but Jack just feels like a pimp.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORY HOTEL - ROOM SIX - NIGHT
text: Screams. A cauliflower-eared Cleveland mob enforcer on
dialog: the hotseat.
text: Breuning works him with a rubber hose as Dudley asks
text: unanswered questions. Bud watches, revulsion growing.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Where did you intend to start.
dialog: Prostitution? Gambling?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Go back to Cleveland, lad. This
dialog: is the City of Angels and you
dialog: haven't got any wings.
text: More screams as the hose thwops down. Bud looks away,
text: then shuffles blindly out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORY HOTEL - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Bud runs water in the sink to drown out the SCREAMS. It
text: doesn't work. Finally, he leans down and sticks his head
text: under the stream of water. That doesn't work either.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORY HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Hair dripping wet, Bud makes it to his car. The tires
text: spit gravel as he tears away. Dudley appears in the
text: doorway, watching curiously. As cauliflower continues to
text: SCREAM...
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S PACKARD - 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN'S) - NIGHT
text: Bud watches Lynn Bracken's apartment, Colored lights
text: play on the windows. Shadows pass. Finally the front
text: door opens. There's Veronica Lake, all sparkles and
text: spangles, kissing another distinguished gentleman
text: goodnight. Bud watches the man into a waiting limo. As
text: it pulls away...
scene_heading: INT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - LIVING ROOM -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Now Lynn just looks tired. As she puts away Scotch
text: bottles and picks up empty glasses, there's a KNOCK on
text: the door. Lynn sighs, become sultry Veronica Lake before
dialog: our eyes.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALL - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (opening door)
dialog: Did you forget some --
text: Bud stands there, filling up the door frame.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I wondered when you might ring the
text: bell again, Officer White.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's Bud.
text: Bud looks at Lynn a moment, then down at his own feet.
text: Embarrassed. She smiles.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You should see yourself. You look
dialog: like you're ten years old.
text: Bud looks back up. Lynn's smile fades as she studies his
text: face. She's not going to ask questions. Lynn looks at
text: him a moment more, then runs a hand through the blonde
text: hair covering one eye.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: If you'd called first, I wouldn't
dialog: look this ridiculous.
scene_heading: INT. LYNN BRACKEN'S (1736 NOTTINGHAM) - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lynn comes to Bud naked, her hair brushed back. Bud goes
text: slow, gently, takes time with his kisses: like she was a
dialog: lonely woman he wanted to love to death.
text: Lynn plays off his timing: her kisses back, her touches.
text: Finally, Bud forces himself to stop. He pulls back so he
text: can see her.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You're wondering if Patchett told
dialog: me to be receptive.
text: Bud doesn't answer, but yes.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: It doesn't matter. I like you,
dialog: Bud. I really do.
text: She kisses him. Softly, drawing it out. Not a job. She
text: wants to make love to him. And as Bud stops thinking...
scene_heading: EXT. 5261 CHERAMOYA AVENUE (HOLLYWOOD) - NIGHT
text: Jack sits in his car waiting. He checks his watch...
text: 1:30. Well past midnight.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on, Sid. Where are you?
text: Jack decides. MOVE WITH him as he gets out and crosses
text: the street. The apartment is dark, the front door a few
text: inches ajar. Suspicious, Jack listens. Dead quiet. He
dialog: enters...
scene_heading: INT. 5261 CHERAMOYA AVENUE - NIGHT
text: No one here it seems. Till Jack nearly trips over a
text: body. Matt Reynolds. Soaked in blood. Throat slit.
text: Jack looks down in horror as Reynolds seems to stare back
text: up at him. Jack stumbles out the door. We hear his CAR
text: DOOR SLAM shut, the SCREECH of RUBBER down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. 2345 HALBORO (HUDGEONS' HOUSE) - NIGHT
text: Jack pounds on Sid's door till lights switch on.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's Vincennes! Open up!
text: Hudgeons opens the door. He's in his pajamas.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Jackie! You got some good scoop
dialog: for the Sidster?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sid, cut the crap. I --
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Give me some Narco skinny. I want
dialog: to put out an all hop-head issue.
dialog: Shvartze jazz musicians and movie
dialog: stars. Maybe tie it into the
dialog: Rosenbergs. You like?
text: Jack grabs him, jerks him into the door frame.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What's wrong, Trash?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: What happened with the kid and
dialog: Loew?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: You didn't get my message? It got
text: called off. The kid chickened out
text: at the last minute.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He's dead. I was just there.
text: Somebody slit his throat.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Jesus. Jack, that's a story.
dialog: 'Swish Actor Gets The Gay Blade.'
dialog: Let me get my camera.
text: Hudgeons starts away, but Jack grabs him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Loew didn't go with him. You're
dialog: sure?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: I put Reynolds in the cab myself.
dialog: The night cost me a hundred scoots
dialog: and I got bupkis.
text: Jack lets go of him, starts to ramble off into the night.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Jackie! Big V! Let me get my
dialog: camera! Where are you going?!
scene_heading: INT. AFTER HOURS CLUB - NIGHT
text: The BARTENDER walks down the bar to where Jack arrives.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: What'll it be, Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (pulls out wallet)
text: A bottle of Scotch.
text: As the Bartender turns for one, the only bill Jack finds
dialog: is the President Grant fifty. The things he's done for
text: fifty bucks... As he looks up with despair at his
text: reflection in the bar mirror, the Bartneder sets down a
text: bottle and shot glass. He plucks the fifty from Jack's
dialog: hand.
text: Jack grabs the bottle and starts out.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Hey! Your change!
scene_heading: INT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Spent, Bud and Lynn lie in bed. SHe traces a finger over
text: his bicep as he muses on the ceiling.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who was that guy who was here
dialog: earlier?
text: Lynn's tracing finger stops on Bud's shoulder -- a small
text: white scar.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: It doesn't matter. All they get
dialog: is Veronica Lake. You got the
dialog: real Lynn Margaret Bracken...
dialog: (re: scar)
dialog: Where'd this come from?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: When I was ten, my old man threw a
dialog: bottle at my mother. I guess I
dialog: got in the way.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: So you saved her.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah. But not for long.
text: Bud looks away. Lynn sees he doesn't want to talk about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Do you like being a cop, Bud?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I used to. What I do now is
dialog: strong-arm. Sitting duck stuff...
dialog: No, I don't like it. If I could
dialog: work Homicide like a real
dialog: detective...
text: Lynn listens sympathetically. Bud's opening up.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: There's something wrong with the
dialog: Nite Owl. That prick Exley shot
dialog: the wrong guys. But they made him
dialog: a hero and whoever killed my
dialog: partner is still out there.
text: Frustrated, Bud pokes at his own chest.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: In here I know it. But I can't
dialog: prove it. I'm not a detective.
dialog: I'm not smart enough. I'm just
dialog: the guy they bring in to scare the
dialog: other guy shitless.
text: Bud looks away, embarrassed to have shown so much of
text: himself. Lynn reaches over, turns his face back to her.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You found Patchett. You found me.
dialog: You're smart enough. Be a
dialog: detective if that's what you want.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That simple, huh?
text: Lynn nods. That simple.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - EXLEY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Exley looks up as a CLERK enters holding two files.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I got the rap sheets on the black
dialog: guys, sir. Coates and Jones got
text: charges a mile long. But except
dialog: for some kid stuff, Fontaine's
dialog: clean.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Clean?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: More or less.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: Until he gunned down six people.
scene_heading: EXT. GRIFFITH PARK - DAY
text: Exley stands in the trees as a PARK RANGER approaches.
speaker_heading: PARK RANGER
dialog: I asked my men, Lieutenant. No
dialog: one remembers any colored guys
text: firing shotguns.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Then who phoned in the report?
speaker_heading: PARK RANGER
dialog: Not us.
scene_heading: INT. FORENSICS LAB - DAY
text: Ray Pinker looks up from his microscope as Bud enters.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Bud White, what brings you down to
dialog: the basement?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I got a few Nite Owl questions.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: I don't know if you read the
text: papers, but that case is closed.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm tying up loose ends. Padding
dialog: my report. You know how it goes.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: What do you want to know?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Anything off. Anything that
dialog: didn't make sense.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: You mean beside the fact that
dialog: thirty-five out of forty-five
dialog: rounds were gratuitous? I can't
dialog: think of anything.
text: Pinker is ticked as Bud steps over to where a group of
text: Nite Owl crime scene photos are posted on the wall. Bud
text: pauses at a photo which shows the floor around the table.
text: We see a high heel shoe, blood smears across the floor.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Whose shoe?
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Susan Lefferts.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: If she was sitting here, then it's
dialog: facing the wrong way. What are
dialog: these smears in the blood?
speaker_heading: PINKER
text: It looks like she was flailing,
text: trying to get away.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: But she's moving away from the
dialog: door.
dialog: (thinks; points)
dialog: Who was sitting at this table?
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Dick Stensland.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Had to be dumb panic. If she knew
dialog: him she would've been sitting with
dialog: him... Right?
text: Bud wonders, maybe a puzzle piece just fell into place.
text: Pinker remembers something.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: You know, there is one thing.
text: Pinker rummages a shelf for a glass jar which he hands
text: Bud. Inside are two wax-saturated cotton balls.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Cotton balls. I found them just
text: inside the meat locker door.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: Ear plugs.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Exactly. At least one of those
dialog: animals had the brains to protect
text: his ears.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It doesn't exactly play like dumb
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's like they knew they were
dialog: going to kill everyone before they
dialog: went in...
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Yeah, so...
text: Bud just stares at the picture of Susan Lefferts.
scene_heading: EXT. LEFFERTS' HOUSE (SAN BERNARDINO) - DAY
text: A shingle shack dump. Bud walks the front steps, RINGS
text: the BELL. Hilda Lefferts answers. She doesn't look so
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mrs. Lefferts, I'm Officer White
dialog: with the L.A.P.D. I'd like to ask
text: a couple of questions.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: Let my daughter rest in peace.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Five minutes. That's all.
scene_heading: INT. LEFFERTS' HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Pictures of Susan smile down from four walls. Vamp poses
text: on a nightclub floor. Mrs. Lefferts is all twitchy and
text: nervous, her eyes darting to a closed door.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Tell me about the boyfriend she
dialog: had. The one you mentioned at the
dialog: morgue.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: First I want to go on record as
dialog: saying that my Susie was a virgin
dialog: when she died.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Ma'am, I'm sure she was.
text: Mrs. Lefferts talks directly to a photo of her daughter.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: Susie, I told you I didn't approve
dialog: of that boyfriend. He was too old
dialog: for you. You let him come into
dialog: this house and be fresh to me. I
dialog: went out one day and old Mrs.
dialog: Jensen next door saw Susan's
text: boyfriend and another man and
text: thought she heard a ruckus.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What was that boyfriend's name?
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: We were never properly introduced.
dialog: Susan and I were fighting that
dialog: day. She called him by a
dialog: nickname. Muns or Lunts or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Stens? Was it Stens?
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: Maybe. I don't know.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Look at a picture for me.
text: Bud hands her a snapshot of Stensland taken in Tijuana.
text: Out of uniform. She recognizes him.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: That's him. That's him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You said a neighbor heard a
text: ruckus. Was it outside, inside?
text: Mrs. Lefferts' eyes go crazy, darting to a closed door.
text: Rolled towels are crammed against the bottom of it.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: I don't know. You'll have to
dialog: leave now, Officer.
text: Bud starts for the closed door.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What's through here?
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: No! Please leave!
text: Bud kicks away the towels, opens the door, steps into...
speaker_heading: DEN
text: Innocuous except for the smell. It hits Bud right off.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: Don't mind the smell. I think a
dialog: rat died behind the wall... My
dialog: Susie was a good girl!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Easy. Tell me about the ruckus.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: I came home that night and there
text: was blood on the floor. Susan
dialog: said Stams -- Stens had cut
dialog: himself. They were acting
dialog: nervous. And that Stens kept
text: going under the house.
text: As Mrs. Lefferts goes shrill, Bud beelines out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. LEFFERTS' HOUSE (SAN BERNARDINO) - DAY
text: Holding a flashlight, Bud crawls under the house, into...
speaker_heading: CRAWLSPACE
text: Bud elbow-crawls over the dirt, between wooden pilings.
text: There's a long burlap sack ahead. It smells bad. Bud
text: rips burlap. A rat's nest explodes. Bud sweeps a
text: forearm at them. As they clear, he sees a gristle-caked
text: human skull staring back, a .38 hole in the forehead.
text: Undaunted, Bud tears the burlap back further. He pats
text: the corpse's pockets, comes up with a wallet. Bud checks
text: the ID. "Turner Meeks." Bus knows him by that name and
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Buzz Meeks... Holy shit.
scene_heading: EXT. LEFFERTS' HOUSE - DAY
text: Bud crawls out, blinking sunlight and gulping fresh air.
text: Mrs. Lefferts is there. She's scared.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: Was it... a rat?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah. A great big one.
text: Bud opens Meeks' wallet, pulls out a couple hundred bucks
text: and gives them to Mrs. Lefferts.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Here. Compliments of the Los
dialog: Angeles Police Department.
scene_heading: INT. FORENSICS LAB - DAY
text: Ray Pinker looks up from an autopsy as Exley enters.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Hey, just in time for our stomach
dialog: of the week. Frankfurters with
dialog: sauerkraut, French fries,
dialog: Coca-Cola, alcohol and sperm.
dialog: Jesus, what a last supper.
dialog: The stiff is Matt Reynolds! Pinker continues working
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: The Nite Owl. Anything bothering
dialog: you about the case?
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Yeah. The fact that you guys
dialog: won't let it get filed away.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: Bud White grilled me on it this
dialog: morning. You know, he's not as
dialog: dumb as I thought.
text: As Exley's head swims...
scene_heading: EXT. LEFFERTS' HOUSE (SAN BERNARDINO) - DAY
text: Mrs. Lefferts waters the grass, watches as a car pulls
text: up. Exley gets up, starts toward her. She drops the
text: hose and runs for the front door Exley cuts her off.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: Let my Susie rest in peace!
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Mrs. Lefferts, I just want to ask
dialog: a few questions.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: That other policeman already
dialog: checked under the house and found
dialog: not a thing amiss.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Officer White?
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: A sweet man.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (thinking
dialog: out loud)
text: Under the house.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: All he found were rodents. No
text: signs of foul play. So there.
text: Exley spots the entrance to the crawlspace. He hurries
text: over, enters nearly flat on his belly. Mrs. Lefferts
text: calls in after him.
speaker_heading: MRS. LEFFERTS
dialog: My daughter was a virgin!
speaker_heading: EXLEY (O.S.)
dialog: I don't doubt it -- Oh, God.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLYWOOD STATION - JACK'S DESK - DAY
text: Jack sits unshaven and hung-over, the dregs of the Scotch
text: bottle on the desk. He considers a framed "Badge of
dialog: Honor" photo: Jack and Brett Chase, before a banner "To
text: Protect and Serve." Jack punches a fist through it.
scene_heading: INT. LAPD - FORENSICS LAB - DAY
text: Exley walks alonside as a body bag is wheeled into the
text: lab atop a gurney. Pinker steps over.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I need an I.D. ASAP. You talk
dialog: only to me on this one.
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S DESK - DAY
text: Sitting in disgust, Jack spots something amidst all the
text: clutter -- the Great Jerk-Off Books of 1962. He flips
text: one over, looks at the Fleur-de-Lis stamp. Jack
text: remembers something Matt Reynolds told him. He dials the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah. Sergeant Jack Vincennes
dialog: requesting. I need the home
text: address on a Pierce Patchett.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Please hold, Sergeant...
text: As Jack waits, Exley appears in front of him.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I need to speak to you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Give me a minute, will ya?
text: Exley clicks off the phone.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Damnit... What?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I want you to follow Bud White.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Even I'm not that crazy.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: It's not a request. I need to
dialog: know what White knows. Follow him
dialog: or I'll have you pulled off 'Badge
dialog: of Honor.' Permanently.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yesterday that might've meant
dialog: something. Pull me off. You'd be
dialog: doing me a big favor.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Yesterday yes, today no. What
dialog: happened last night?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Transfer me, suspend me. Just
dialog: leave me alone.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You make a mistake?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah. My whole life.
text: Jack stands, heads out. Exley follows; he needs help.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Listen, I think I made a mistake,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I ain't a priest, Lieutenant. I
dialog: can't hear your confession.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Do you make the three Negroes for
dialog: the Nite Owl killings?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: It's a simple question.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You should be the last person who
dialog: wants to dig any deeper into the
dialog: Nite Owl, Lieutenant.
text: Exley watches as Jack continues down a hall. Then:
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Rollo Tomasi.
text: Jack stops, looks back at him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is there more to that, or do I
dialog: have to guess?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Rollo was a purse snatcher. My
text: father ran into him off duty. He
dialog: shot my father six times and got
dialog: away clean. No one even knew who
dialog: he was. I made the name up to
dialog: give him some personality.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So what's the point?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Rollo's the reason I became a cop.
dialog: I wanted to catch the guys who
dialog: thought they could get away with
dialog: it. It was supposed to be about
dialog: truth and justice and Rollo. But
dialog: somewhere along the way I forgot
dialog: all that... How about you, Jack?
dialog: Why'd you become a cop?
text: Jack looks like he might cry, but smiles instead.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't remember...
text: Both men are quiet a moment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm trying to figure what angle
dialog: you're playing this time, but I
dialog: sure as hell can't see one.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I've given up angles for awhile.
dialog: I just want to solve this thing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The Nite Owl was solved,
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I want to do it right.
dialog: So does Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay, college boy, I'll help you.
dialog: But I want half the collar.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: A third. I don't think we can
dialog: make a case without Bud White.
scene_heading: EXT. BROWN DERBY - DAY
text: A Packard pulls up out front. Bud gets out, heads
text: inside. Another car pulls up across the street.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON JACK
text: Watching Bud. Jack gets out, starts across the street.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN DERBY - BAR - DAY
text: At the bar, Johnny Stompanato looks over as Bud joins
text: him. Stompanato isn't happy about it, but he smiles
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Wendell White, how's tricks,
dialog: paesano?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I ain't your paesano, you wop
dialog: cocksucker.
text: Nervous, Johnny taps his pinkie ring on a bottle of beer.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: What do you want, officer?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You remember an ex-cop named Buzz
dialog: Meeks? He works for a guy named
dialog: Patchett.
text: Johnny taps his ring harder. The bottle almost tips.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Should I?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: His file listed you as a known
dialog: associate. Now spill.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Oh, yeah. That was a long time
dialog: ago. Before your day. The last
dialog: few years he's been muscle for
dialog: hire. But I heard he's
dialog: disappeared.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: More.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: More's gonna cost you.
text: Bud's hand flashes out, grabs Stompanato by the crotch.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: How 'bout I give you your balls
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: (in considerable
dialog: pain)
dialog: Before Meeks disappeared he was
text: popping off about trying to move
text: eighteen pounds of heroin.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Bullshit. Where would a two-bit
dialog: ex-cop get 18 pounds of heroin?
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Deuce Perkins. Mickey C's
text: narcotics lieutenant. The night
dialog: he got clipped, eighteen pounds of
text: Mickey's heroin went missing.
text: Bud loosens his grip. Stompanato gasps for air.
speaker_heading: DOOR
text: Jack peels in, catches a glimpse of Bud and Stompanato.
text: Too far away too hear anything, Jack quickly ducks out.
speaker_heading: BAR
text: Stompanato's recovering.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Meeks is probably in Rio or
dialog: someplace like that by now.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: He's under a tract house in San
dialog: Berdoo. And he don't smell too
dialog: good. What happened to the
dialog: heroin, Johnny?
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: I don't know. I swear it!
text: Bud starts to raise a hand. Stompanato cringes, but Bud
text: just slaps a twenty down on the bar and goes.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN DERBY - PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Jack's on the phone to Exley.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: He's in the Brown Derby with
dialog: Johnny Stompanato.
dialog: (sees Bud exit)
dialog: Check that. I gotta go.
scene_heading: EXT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - DAY
text: Jack pulls up, sees Bud knock on the front door. It
text: opens and Bud steps in. Jack doesn't see who opens it.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSHES - 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - DAY
text: LEAVES RUSTLE. There's movement in the underbrush. Jack
text: appears, followed by Exley. Jack pulls a gun as they
text: near a window.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What's that for?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bud White. He sees us and we're
dialog: dead.
text: They press up to the glass for a partial view. Bud White
text: sits on a footstool massaging a pair of women's feet.
text: Jack and Exley exchange a long, curious look. This isn't
text: the Bud White they're used to. A pair of woman's hands
text: take Bud, the arms covered in glitter and satin.
text: The woman, Lynn Bracken, leans forward to kiss her
dialog: policeman. It may have been a long day, but she's every
text: inch Veronica Lake. Only the hair's not over her eye.
text: They stand, kiss again. Lynn's gown spills down around
text: her ankles. Bud scoops Lynn into his arms and the two of
text: them disappear into a bedroom. A long beat before...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jesus... Maybe White's not so dumb
dialog: after all.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: Rita Hayworth at the morgue and
dialog: now Veronica Lake with White.
dialog: What the hell's going on?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Movie star hookers. Whatever you
dialog: desire... It's Fleur-fr-Lis again.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What's Fleur-de-Lis?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: High line whores. With plastic
dialog: surgery to look like movie stars.
dialog: And who knows what else? It's run
dialog: by this guy Pierce Patchett. You
dialog: want to talk to him?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Yeah. But first I want to brace
dialog: Stompanato.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN DERBY - ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Exley and Jack enter.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Check the bar. I got the restaurant.
speaker_heading: RESTAURANT
text: Exley scans. There's Stompanato with a girl who looks
text: amazingly like "LANA TURNER."
text: Engrossed, Stomapanato doesn't look up till Exley's nearly
text: on top of him.
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: Hey, you want an autograph, write
dialog: to M-G-M.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Since when do two-bit hoods and
dialog: hookers give out autographs?
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: What?
text: As Stompanato stands, Exley flashes his badge.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: L.A.P.D. Sit down.
speaker_heading: "LANA"
dialog: Who in the hell do you think you
dialog: are?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Take a walk, honey, before I haul
dialog: your ass downtown.
speaker_heading: "LANA"
dialog: Who in the hell do you think
dialog: are?!
speaker_heading: STOMPANATO
dialog: You are making a large mistake.
text: As Jack arrives, Lana tosses a drink in Exley's face.
speaker_heading: "LANA"
dialog: Get away from our table!
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (grabs her wrist)
dialog: Shut up. Being cut to look like
dialog: Lana Turner doesn't mean you are
dialog: Lana Turner.
text: Jack pulls him aside.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: She is Lana Turner.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: She is Lana Turner.
scene_heading: INT. EXLEY'S PLYMOUTH - SUNSET
text: Rolling. The sky glows ahead.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: How was I supposed to know?
text: A moment before Jack begins to laugh. Exley joins him.
scene_heading: EXT. 1184 GRETNA GREEN (PIERCE PATCHETT'S) - NIGHT
text: Exley's Plymouth is parked on the street.
scene_heading: INT. 1184 GRETNA GREEN (PATCHETT'S) - LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: In a silk robe, the unflappable Pierce Patchett smiles
text: at Exley. Jack stands alongside.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: I believe the Nite Owl's your area
dialog: of expertise, Mr. Exley. I saw
dialog: you on television getting your
dialog: medal.
dialog: (turns to Jack)
dialog: And you're that other celebrity
dialog: Hollywood policeman, aren't you?
text: A beat. Exley and Jack don't look like they appreciate
text: being joked with. Patchett finally sighs.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: I'll tell you what I told Officer
dialog: White when he asked me about
dialog: Susan's death.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (a look to Jack)
dialog: Bud White's been here?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: For the last time. I may suborn
dialog: women into illicit activities, but
dialog: they're handsomely compensated, I
dialog: treat them well and make sure the
dialog: men they deal with show them every
dialog: due respect.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Is the Veronica Lake look-alike
dialog: one of your whores?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: A vulgar term, but yes.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What's her name?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Lynn Bracken.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Why's she seeing Bud White?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: Why do men and women usually see
dialog: each other?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Anything else you want to add
dialog: before I talk to her?
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Not good enough.
speaker_heading: PATCHETT
dialog: (unfazed)
dialog: Then try talking to my lawyer.
dialog: Good evening, gentlemen.
scene_heading: EXT. 1184 GRETNA GREEN - NIGHT
text: Exley and Jack head for the car.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Guy's as cool as they come.
text: A call CRACKLES in over Exley's RADIO. Exley picks up.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: This is Exley.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: Ray Pinker wants to talk to you,
dialog: Lieutenant. Says he has your I.D.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Tell him Sergeant Vincennes is
text: coming in to talk to him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I'm going to Lynn Bracken's. I'll
dialog: meet you at the Dining Car.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Great. You get the girl, I get
dialog: the coroner.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY (1184 GRETNA GREEN) - NIGHT
text: Watching Exley and Vincennes from the window, Patchett
text: picks up the phone, dials.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS (V.O.)
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: Hush-Hush. Off the record and on
dialog: the Q.T.
scene_heading: INT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN'S) - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: KNOCKING on the door. Lynn answers to reveal Exley.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Miss Bracken, I'm Lieutenant
dialog: Exley.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I know who you are. You're the
dialog: policeman Bud told me about.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Really? What did White say?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: He said you were smart. He also
dialog: said you were competing with your
dialog: dead father. How did he put it?
text: Trying to measure up to a ghost.
text: Exley lets it pass. As he enters...
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Let's concentrate on my smarts.
dialog: Pierce Patchett made you, didn't
dialog: he? He taught you how to dress
dialog: and talk and think and I am very
dialog: impressed with the results. But I
dialog: need some answers and if I don't
dialog: get them, I'm going to take you
text: and Patchett down.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: He can take care of himself and
dialog: I'm not afraid of you. And you
dialog: forgot one thing, Lieutenant.
dialog: Pierce also taught me how to
dialog: fuck... Can I get you a drink?
text: Exley can't help but smile. Lynn smiles back.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Scotch.
text: Exley watches her as she steps over to fix the drinks.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I'm curious about you.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Why?
text: She hands him his drink.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Because Bud hates you more than he
dialog: loves me.
text: Exley stews. Lynn watches him over the rim of her glass.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: It galls you that I know so much
dialog: about you. You don't have
dialog: information to compete.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Don't underestimate me, Miss
dialog: Bracken.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: The way you've underestimated Bud
dialog: White?
text: Exley's had it. A menacing step forward. Lynn's smile
text: becomes a laugh. Lost to himself, Exley leans in and
text: kisses her. Lynn pulls back, then kisses back. In a
text: beat, they're rolling to the floor, shedding clothes.
text: As they trash the furniture, Lynn looks over his shoulder
text: at her own reflection in a closet door mirror.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - INSIDE CLOSET
text: Two-way glass. Sid Hudgeons is in here SNAPPING
text: pictures. As Lynn and Exley continue with their frantic
dialog: lovemaking...
scene_heading: INT. FORENSIC LAB - NIGHT
text: Ray Pinker rubs his tired eyes.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: God bless dental records. Stiff
dialog: used to be a cop. Turner Meeks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Buzz Meeks?
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: You knew him?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Of him. He was around when I
text: first joined the force. A bad
dialog: egg.
text: Pinker could care less. As Jack's wheels turn...
scene_heading: INT. LAPD - RECORDS ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jack searches dusty filing cabinets with dates like 1939
text: and 1940. Reading one headed "Meeks," Jack lets out a
text: low whistle. He's found something.
scene_heading: INT. PACIFIC DINING CAR - NIGHT
text: Jack waits at the bar, watches the door anxiously.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on, Exley. Where are you?
scene_heading: INT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN'S) - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Spent, Exley and Lynn sit, half-dressed, on the floor.
text: They're quiet. Then, through a smile:
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: How was I?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Oh, the best I ever had.
dialog: Absolutely the best.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You sound like you mean it.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: The silver screen's loss is your
dialog: gain.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: How about White?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You want to know what Bud's like
dialog: in bed?
text: She actually embarrasses him with that one.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I want to know why you see him.
dialog: Is it a Patchett payoff?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I see Bud because I want to. I
dialog: see Bud because he can't hide the
text: warmth he has inside him.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I'll take your word for it.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I see Bud because he makes me feel
dialog: like Lynn Bracken and not some
dialog: Veronica Lake look-alike who fucks
dialog: for money. I see him because he
dialog: doesn't know how to disguise who
dialog: he is. There's more if you want
dialog: to hear it.
text: Exley shakes his head. He's heard enough.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Does all that make it harder for
dialog: you to hate him or easier?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I don't hate White. I really
dialog: don't. It's just, in my business,
dialog: it's the wild cars you have to
dialog: watch out for.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You don't like that you don't know
dialog: how to play him. He doesn't
dialog: follow the same rules of politics
dialog: you do. That makes him dangerous.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You cut to the heart of things,
dialog: don't you? What about Lynn
dialog: Bracken? She going to be a hooker
dialog: all her life?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I came out here with a dream.
dialog: That's gone, but I settled for
dialog: reality.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Some reality.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: No. This is the means to the
dialog: reality. But I'm not going to
dialog: tell you what it is.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Because you'll use it against me.
dialog: Won't you?
text: Exley doesn't answer, but the answer is yes. Lynn
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You're tougher than Bud thinks you
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You're the first person to ever
dialog: call me tough.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Like recognizes like. I'm pretty
dialog: tough, myself.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You, me and White, huh?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Actually, Bud's only tough on the
dialog: outside.
text: As Exley kisses her...
speaker_heading: IN CLOSET
text: Exasperated that he's still stuck in here, Sid Hudgeons
text: checks his watch, shakes his head in disgust.
scene_heading: EXT. 9608 VENDOME (SILVERLAKE) - NIGHT
text: Jack knocks at a darkened house. The porch lights come
text: on. The door opens to reveal Dudley Smith in his
dialog: bathrobe.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: John Vincennes. It's three A.M.,
dialog: lad.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Two minutes, Dudley. It's
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Lucky for you that my wife and
dialog: four fair daughters are at the
dialog: beach in Santa Barbara.
scene_heading: INT. 9608 VENDOME - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Jack sits at the table while Dudley makes coffee.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You remember Buzz Meeks, Dudley?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
text: A disgrace as a policeman.
dialog: Straight D fitness reports from
dialog: every C.O. he ever served under.
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Twelve years ago he worked a vice
text: roust with Dick Stensland. They
dialog: arrested a Pierce Patchett on an
text: extortion scam. Guy ran hookers.
dialog: He'd have them photographed with
text: their johns, then double-dip for
dialog: some blackmail. Charges got
text: dropped. Insufficient evidence.
dialog: You were supervising officer on
dialog: the case and I was wondering if
dialog: you remember anything about it.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: What's this all about, lad?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Part of it has to do with a
dialog: murder. I've been working with Ed
text: Exley on it.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You're Narco, lad, not Homicide.
dialog: And since when do you work with
dialog: Edmund?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's a private investigation. I
dialog: fucked something up and I want to
dialog: make amends.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: (smiles, then...)
dialog: Don't start trying to do the right
dialog: thing, John. You haven't had
dialog: enough practice.
text: Dudley walks over, hands Jack his coffee.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Have you discussed this with
dialog: anyone else, John?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Not even with Exley?
text: Jack shakes his head. Dudley raises a REVOLVER. He
text: FIRES it at point-blank range, right into Jack's heart.
text: Jack hits the floor, his cheek pressed flat on the
dialog: linoleum.
text: Jack opens his mouth to speak. His lips form the words,
text: but no sound comes out. Dudley crouches down beside him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have you a valediction, lad?
text: Dudley leans low, gives Jack an ear. As he dies...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rollo Tomasi...
text: Dudley frowns in ignorance at the name.
scene_heading: INT. LAPD HEADQUARTERS - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY
text: Nothing mobilizes the police like losing one of their
text: own. Dudley is at the podium along with Exley. Dozens
text: of detectives take notes, including Bud White.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Sergeant Vincennes' body was found
text: in Echo Park at ten o'clock this
text: morning. Killed by a single .38
dialog: round to the heart. One of our
dialog: own, gentlemen. We cannot
dialog: tolerate it. Justice must be
dialog: swift and merciless. That's all.
text: As the men move odd, Dudley approaches Exley.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Edmund, a word with you. We
dialog: received a tip this morning. Did
dialog: Vincennes ever mention the name
dialog: Rollo Tomasi?
text: Exley tries to look like he's thinking as Jack calls from
text: the grave. Screaming the name Dudley!
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: No... Where'd the tip come from?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Anonymous. Probably nothing.
text: As Dudley moves off, Exley watches him go. Scared.
scene_heading: INT. LAPD HEADQUARTERS - BUD WHITE'S DESK - DAY
text: Bud looks over as Dudley sits down across from him.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You're perplexing to me these
dialog: days, Wendell. You're not your
dialog: old, cruel self anymore. I need
dialog: proof that the extracurricular
dialog: work I had planned for you remains
dialog: within your grasp.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What work?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I've long been involved in
dialog: containing hard crime in such a
dialog: way that myself and a few
dialog: colleagues might someday enjoy a
dialog: profit dispensation. That day
dialog: will soon be here and you'll share
dialog: handsomely. Grand means will be
dialog: in our hands, Wendell.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: DUDLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Imagine crime limited to the
dialog: criminal element who perpetrate
dialog: it. Imagine the means to keep the
dialog: nigger filth sedated. But don't
dialog: stop there. Extrapolate. Imagine
dialog: the police in control. It's big,
dialog: lad.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You lost me, Dudley. I don't know
dialog: what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You have your extracurricular
dialog: secrets, I have mine. We'll hold
dialog: a clarification session soon. For
dialog: now, I need your fearsome old
text: habits at the Victory Motel.
dialog: We're going to brace a man who may
dialog: know who killed Jack Vincennes.
dialog: Can I count on you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sure, boss. Sure you can.
scene_heading: INT. FORENSICS LAB - DAY
text: Pinker looks up as Exley enters.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I want to know what you and Jack
dialog: Vincennes talked about last night.
dialog: Anything and everything. Start
text: with the I.D. on the corpse.
text: A put-upon Pinker sighs.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: An ex-cop. Buzz Meeks. I pulled
text: his police academy photo.
text: Pinker goes to his desk for a twenty-year-old photo of
text: Meeks. he hands it to Exley, whose wheels are turning.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: We got a dead ex-cop and a girl
text: who looks like Rita Hayworth at
text: the Nite Owl. Another dead ex-cop
text: under the house of Rita's mother.
dialog: It's not a good week for ex-cops.
speaker_heading: PINKER
dialog: I got Vincennes in the next room.
dialog: It's not a good week for cops in
dialog: general.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORY MOTEL - DAY
text: A RAIN STORM has turned the courtyard into a mud bath.
text: As usual, a light burns in room six. Bud White parks
text: alongside the other cars already here. He makes a dash
dialog: for the door.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORY MOTEL - ROOM SIX - DAY
text: Sid Hudgeons is cuffed to the hot seat. Dudley sits
text: across from him. Dudley's henchman Breuning looms. Bud
text: enters.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: This is Mr. Hudgeons, Wendell.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: I'm happy to cooperate. You don't
dialog: need to tie me down.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: It's for your own safety. Now
dialog: what can you tell us about
dialog: Sergeant John Vincennes?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Trashcan Jack. The Big V. I can
dialog: tell you he's on the Night Train
dialog: to the big adios.
text: Breuning cuffs Hudgeons in the side of the head.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Take it easy! I didn't have
dialog: anything to do with him getting
dialog: killed if that's what you mean.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: But you were business associates?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: What does that have to do --
text: Breuning cuffs him again.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Okay so we worked together. It
dialog: was an information exchange. I
dialog: got him first class collars and he
dialog: got me good stories. We were
dialog: friends for Chrissakes!
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Alright. We'll drop that line for
dialog: now. Next topic. Please comment
dialog: on Pierce Patchett.
text: Bud looks over at mention of the name.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: You think he had something to do
dialog: with Vincennes getting iced?
text: Dudley sighs, looks to Bud.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Wendell. I want full and docile
dialog: cooperation on all topics.
text: Hudgeons flinches as Bud steps up, twice Breuning's size.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Okay. Okay. Everyone knows
dialog: Patchett's worth a boat-load of
dialog: greenbacks. From aviation,
dialog: freeway construction. But the man
dialog: has hobbies, too. He bankrolls B
text: movies under the table and runs
dialog: movie star look-alike hookers.
dialog: And try this on: he's rumored to
dialog: be a periodic heroin sniffer. All
dialog: in all a powerful behind-the-
dialog: scenes strange-o.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: And what?
text: Bud digs a fist into Hudgeons' gut. As Hudgeons gasps to
dialog: get his breath back.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Reciprocity, Mr. Hudgeons, is the
dialog: key to all relationships.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
text: He runs call girls. Primo tail.
text: Fixed up like movie stars.
text: Bud looms, rests his hands on the back of Hudgeons'
text: chair. He doesn't like where this is going.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: In my car. Blackmail shit. The
text: trunk under the carpet. Patchett
dialog: got me to photograph a cop fucking
dialog: this gorgeous cunt Lynn, looks
dialog: just like Veronicaaa --
text: Wooden slats pop as Bud tears the bolted chair right out
text: of the floor. Hudgeons and the chair land sideways.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Wendell!
text: Bud can't hear him. He uprights the chair one-handed.
text: As his fist cocks back, he's restrained by Breuning and
text: Dudley. This is no act. They can barely hold Bud back.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Get him away from me!
text: Bud breaks free, heads outside.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORY MOTEL - HUDGEONS' CAR - DAY
text: Bud jams a tire iron into the trunk seam and pops it with
text: a ferocious yank. He tears at the carpeting. A manila
text: envelope. Bud rips it open and 8x10 glossies of Exley
text: and Lynn spill out. Raindrops dot them, as Bud's in his
text: Packard and tearing out of there.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORY MOTEL - ROOM 6 - DAY
text: Dudley and Breuning watch from the door.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I wouldn't trade places with
dialog: Edmund Exley right now for all the
dialog: tea in China.
text: Breuning laughs. So does Hudgeons.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Dudley, I thought you were gonna
dialog: let the dumb bastard kill me.
dialog: (to Breuning)
dialog: And you! Learn to pull those
text: punches a little better.
text: Dudley and Breuning stare at him. A bit grimly.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: You can uncuff me now, fellas.
text: But no one moves to do so.
speaker_heading: HUDGEONS
dialog: Fellas?
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: We had a deal. You, me and
dialog: Patchett, We're a team!
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Come on, we're friends. We're --
text: As Hudgeons protests, Dudley slaps a hand over his mouth.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Hush-hush...
text: As Breuning and Carlisle move in...
scene_heading: INT. RECORDS ROOM - LAPD - DAY
text: A wormish CLERK searches dusty filing cabinets with dates
text: like 1939 and 1940. The same ones Jack looked through.
text: Exley steps over from another row.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: So on active duty, Meeks didn't
dialog: make an arrest from 1938 to '43.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Someone must've pulled the
dialog: records.
text: Exley ponders the implications. Taking out the photo of
text: Meeks, he gets an idea.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Where are the police academy
dialog: files?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I don't have time. I have --
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Just show me where they are!
scene_heading: EXT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - DAY
text: Blue, Lynn sits on her porch watching the rain come down.
text: A SCREECHING on the wet street as Bud's PACKARD pulls up.
text: She watches as he gets out and starts for the house.
text: Lynn stands, holds her arms out. Bud stops short on the
text: steps, out of reach, the rain soaking him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Did you talk to Exley?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Come in out of the rain. In the
dialog: morning we'll have both our
dialog: stories for breakfast.
text: Lightning flashes. Bud shakes hs head.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I want to know about Exley.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: He's the opposite of you. He's
dialog: more like me. Cold, calculating.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: How'd you get to know so much
dialog: about him?
text: More lightning. Lynn looks God-awful sad.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Come in out of the rain, Bud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You gonna tell me what happened
dialog: with you and Exley?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: We talked.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: So tell me about it.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (looking away)
text: In the morning.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No. Now.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You fucked him.
text: Too tired to lie anymore, Lynn finally just nods.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I thought I was helping you. I
dialog: thought --
text: Bud backhands her, hard. Lynn faces straight into the
text: next one as Bud hits her again. A third time as the sins
text: of the father are visited on the son. Bud stops short as
text: the self-realization slams home. Lynn waits stoically.
text: She doesn't start crying till Bud turns and runs back
text: into the rain.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDS ROOM - LAPD - DAY
text: Drawers are open. Files are everywhere. Exley's reached
text: the end of the line. As he looks through one last file,
text: he finds a stack of official photos. Then he stops
text: short. There's a photo of four cadets and an academy
dialog: instructor.
text: Two of the cadets are IDed as Turner Meeks and Dick
dialog: Stensland. The instructor is Dudley Smith!
text: Exley looks up at the sound of FOOTSTEPS and Bud is
text: there. Fury. He slams Exley, knocks him flat.
text: Bud's here to kill him. He hauls Exley up, pummels him,
text: then throws him over the table. Then up into a wall.
text: Plaster cracks. Bud's on some gonzo animal plane. Bud
text: strangles him. Exley gags. It'll be over in moments.
text: Until Exley's flailing hands finds Bud's .38. Yanking it
text: from his waistband, Exley smashes Bud in the forehead.
text: Bud reels. But, blind with rage, he moves back in only
text: to have the barrel of the .38 placed right between his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Lynn.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: She told you?
text: Bud shakes his head. He's coiled, ready to make a move.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Who told you? Did Dudley have
dialog: anything to do with you finding
dialog: out?
text: Bud hesitates, the answer obvious.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Listen to me. Dudley killed Jack.
dialog: It has something to do with Buzz
dialog: Meeks.
text: Exley points out the academy photo on the floor.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Look. Dudley and Meeks go way
text: back. Stensland, too.
text: Bud sees, but does he really? As Bud reaches for the
text: photo, Exley relaxes slightly. Bud slaps the gun away,
text: drops Exley to the ground. He grabs, begins slamming his
text: head into the floor.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Think, goddamn you. Think...
text: Exley's almost out. But maybe Bud heard him. The attack
text: slows, stops as Bud does think. Exley stays conscious.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I knew Stensland and Meeks knew
dialog: each other. Meeks was with Sue
dialog: Lefferts on Christmas Eve. The
dialog: night I met Lynn. Lefferts'
dialog: mother I.D.ed Stensland as
dialog: Lefferts' boyfriend, but Stens
dialog: pretended he didn't know either
text: one of them.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Stensland and Meeks. What were
dialog: they up to?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Johnny Stompanato told me when
dialog: Meeks disappeared, he was trying
dialog: to move the 18 pounds of heroin
dialog: that went missing when Deuce
dialog: Perkins was shot.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: Stensland and Buzz Meeks. Two-man
text: triggers knocking off Mickey Cohen
dialog: lieutenants. When they killed
dialog: Deuce Perkins, they got heroin as
dialog: a bonus.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Then something goes wrong. Meeks
dialog: gets killed. Maybe Stens got
dialog: greedy, killed Meeks and left him
text: under his girlfriend's house.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: The night he died, Stens was all
dialog: mysterious. Said he had something
dialog: big going down.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: The Nite Owl! Stensland was going
dialog: there to sell the heroin.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Somebody got wind of it, killed
dialog: them all.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: It wasn't the Negroes. The Griffith
dialog: Park report was a phony. And, who
dialog: says the purple Merc was spotted
dialog: outside the Nite Owl?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dudley.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: The first guys to the car when
dialog: Jack and I got there were Bruening
dialog: and Carlisle.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dudley's guys.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: They didn't find the shotguns.
dialog: They planted them.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It all keeps coming back to
dialog: Dudley.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: It's Dudley for the Nite Owl.
text: They just stare at each other a beat as it sinks in.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: Pierce Patchett figures in, too.
dialog: That's the angle Jack was working.
text: Dudley must work for Patchett.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Let's just kill them.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: For Jack, for Stensland, for
dialog: anybody else who got in the way.
dialog: I've been trying to be smart. A
dialog: detective. But killing those two
dialog: fuckers, that would be justice.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Stay smart, Bud. We build a case.
dialog: We play by the rules.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: There are no rules! Why the fuck
dialog: are you doing this? The Nite Owl
dialog: made you. You want to tear all
dialog: that down.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: With a wrecking ball. You want to
dialog: help me swing it?
text: Bud smiles. For a second he likes Exley.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Let's go see Pierce Patchett. Run
dialog: a good-cop-bad-cop.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Which one are you and which one am
dialog: I?
scene_heading: EXT. 1184 GRETNA GREEN (PIERCE PATCHETT'S) - DAY
text: Exley and Bud make their way up the walk. Bud pulls his
text: .38 from its shoulder holster, shoves it in his
text: waistband.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You expecting problems?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Patchett uses a lot of ex-cop
dialog: muscle.
speaker_heading: FRONT DOOR
text: Exley RINGS the BUZZER. Looking back, Bud sees a
text: pitching wedge and pile of golf balls abandoned in the
text: grass. A single ball floats in the koi pond. Bud's eyes
text: narrow at the sight. Not like Patchett at all.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Come on.
text: And Bud shoulders the heavy door right off its hinges.
scene_heading: INT. 1184 GRETNA GREEN - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Bud draws his .38 as he strides in. Exley tries to keep up.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (a screaming
dialog: whisper)
dialog: What?
text: Double doors on the left open into a library. Bud stops
text: short, slowly lowers his gun. Exley steps up beside him.
speaker_heading: LIBRARY
text: Hanging from a ceiling light, Patchett's body slowly
text: twists around, a toppled chair beneath him.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I don't think his ex-cop did him
dialog: much good.
text: Bud goes to the body while Exley heads for a side table
text: on which rests a typed sheet of paper.
text: Bud checks Patchett's right hand, the knuckles are split,
text: two of the fingers badly distended.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: It's a suicide note. Says he
dialog: killed Jack because Jack had
dialog: figured out a pornography scam
dialog: Patchett was running.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: He had help getting up there. Two
text: of his fingers are broken.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: We had one thing figured wrong. I
dialog: don't think Dudley workd for
dialog: Patchett.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: At least not anymore.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Patchett's dead. He sent you
dialog: after me. I'd say Dudley's tying
text: up his loose ends.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (it hits him)
dialog: Lynn.
text: Bud dashes to the PHONE, dials. It RINGS. No one
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I got a guy who owes me in the
dialog: Sheriff's department. West
dialog: Hollywood station. He can be at
text: her house in two minutes.
text: Bud shoves the phone into his hand.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Call him.
scene_heading: EXT. 1736 NOTTINGHAM (LYNN BRACKEN'S) - DAY
text: A county sheriff's unmarked parked out front. A DEPUTY
text: behind the wheel. Exley's Plymouth pulls up behind. The
text: Deputy gets out. MOVE WITH him as he steps BACK TO
text: Exley, who's rolling down his window.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Is she inside?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: We took her to Hollywood Station
dialog: for safekeeping. Someone worked
dialog: her over pretty good. She
dialog: wouldn't say who.
text: Exley looks at Bud. Bud looks down in shame.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Hold her as Joan Smith. No one
dialog: sees her unless I okay it.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: You got it, Exley. And now we're
dialog: even.
text: As the Deputy moves off.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Ellis Loew.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: Jack thought he was up to his neck
dialog: in all this.
scene_heading: INT. DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: A SECRETARY looks up as Bud and Exley beeline Loew's
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: You can't go in there!
speaker_heading: INNER OFFICE
text: Loew looks up as they burst in.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Do you want me to call the police,
dialog: Mr. Loew?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Ask for Captain Dudley Smith.
dialog: We'll have a party. Hot dogs and
text: sauerkraut.
text: A beat as Loew considers his options.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: It's okay. These are police.
dialog: (as she leaves)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I want D.A. bureau men to tail
dialog: Dudley Smith twenty-four hours a
dialog: day; I want you to get a judge to
dialog: authorize a wire tap on his home
dialog: phone; I want authorization to
dialog: check his bank records and I want
dialog: it all in an hour.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: On what evidence?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: None. Call it a hunch.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Absolutely not. Dudley Smith is a
dialog: highly decorated member of this
dialog: city's police department and I
dialog: won't smear his name without --
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Without what, his smearing yours
dialog: first? What's he got on you,
dialog: Loew? Pictures of you and an out
dialog: of work actor with your pants
dialog: down?
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Do you have any proof?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
text: The proof had his throat slit.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: So far you're not denying it.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: I'm not going to dignify youwith
dialog: answers. If you'll excuse me,
dialog: I've got a Jack Vincennes press
dialog: conference to prepare for.
text: Loew enters his bathroom. Bud looks to Exley who nods:
dialog: Go.
scene_heading: OFFICE BATHROOM
text: Loew is at the mirror clipping a few stray nose hairs.
text: Bud enters full of menace followed by Exley.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Unless you're here to wipe my ass,
dialog: I think we're through.
text: Bud just glares at him. Loew shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Don't try this good cop/bad cop
dialog: with me. I practically
dialog: invented it. And so what if some
dialog: homo actor is dead. Boys, girls,
text: ten of them step off the bus to
dialog: L.A. every day.
text: The MIRROR SPIDERWEBS as Bud slams Loew's face into it.
text: Bud swings him around, forces him forward and shoves his
text: head in the toilet.
text: He holds it there, finally lets Loew up for breath. Then
dialog: backhands: one, two, three.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dudley Smith. Spill.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Call him off, Exley!
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I don't know how.
text: More backhands. Holding Loew by the scruff of the neck,
text: Bud marches him past Exley and back into the...
speaker_heading: INNER OFFICE
text: Bud heaves up the window, practically throws Loew through
text: it. Loew catches hold of the window framing. Bud
text: hammers his hands loose with a fist and pushes him
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: Bud holds his leg. Loew screams as coins, comb and
text: wallet spill from his pockets, plummet toward the street
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: INNER OFFICE
dialog: Bud shakes Loew, could drop him at any time.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Bud...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: If I let you go, there'll be ten
dialog: more lawyers to take your place
dialog: tomorrow. They just won't come on
dialog: the bus, that's all.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: We hear Loew's PANT LEG TEARING loose.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Okay! You're right! Dudley's got
dialog: photos of me and Reynolds.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: What's Dudley's scheme?
text: More TEARING. Loew's life may depend on the answer.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Dudley's rotten to the core. He's
dialog: taking over Mickey Cohen's
text: rackets, his own hand-picked
dialog: cops'll be the new franchise
dialog: holders. Because of those
dialog: pictures I won't be able to
dialog: prosecute. Oh Jesus pull me up!
speaker_heading: INNER OFFICE
text: Exley helps pull Loew back inside. Bud dumps him on the
text: floor. Bruised and bloodied, Loew looks up at Exley.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: Dudley's got everyone under his
dialog: thumb. Not just me, but the Chief
dialog: of Police, the lieutenant
dialog: governor, everybody!
text: Exley pulls his .38, shoves it into the side of Loew's
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Not everybody. You tip-off Dudley
dialog: and Officer White visits you alone
dialog: next time.
text: Loew looks at Bud, nods, his face a bloody mess.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Exley and Bud exit. Bud's wheels are turning.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: They never made a match on the
dialog: shotgun serial numbers. What if
dialog: Breuning and Carlisle took them
dialog: from the evidence room? Couple of
text: cold pieces that had been hanging
dialog: around a year or two.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: We should check the records, and,
dialog: we should talk to Lynn.
text: Bud just stares at him a beat.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You want to talk to her?
text: Bud looks away, shakes his head "no." Finally...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You do it. I'll check the files.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT - HOLDING ROOM - DAY
text: Lynn looks up as Exley enters. her face is puffy,
text: swollen.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (dry)
dialog: If I knew you were coming I'd have
dialog: baked a cake.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Forget everything else for a
dialog: second, Lynn. Is there anything
dialog: you can give me on Dudley Smith?
text: A blank look from her.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: A police captain. I think he's
dialog: behind all of this.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: I work for Patchett. I had a
dialog: feeling that there was someone
dialog: else, but I never knew who.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Okay. Look, if it helps, Bud
dialog: hates himself for what he did.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I know how he feels.
text: A beat as Exley wonders how he should interpret this.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I don't know if it's pathetic or
dialog: romantic, but when this is all
dialog: over I'd like to see you again.
text: Lynn looks away, can't help an ironic smile even as she
text: starts to cry. As Exley gives her his handkerchief...
scene_heading: INT. LAPD - EVIDENCE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bud waits at the cage window as a RECORDER returns with
dialog: some information.
speaker_heading: RECORDER
dialog: I got your guns, Bud. Signed in
dialog: April 3rd, 1950. Remember the
dialog: First Western bank robbery? They
dialog: were used in that.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I want to see them.
speaker_heading: RECORDER
dialog: No can do. I can't find them.
text: As Bud thinks, a ROOKIE-TYPE approaches.
speaker_heading: ROOKIE-TYPE
dialog: Uh -- Sergeant White?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROOKIE-TYPE
dialog: Dispatch just got a call for you.
dialog: Lieutenant Exley wants you to meet
text: him at the Victory Motel.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORY MOTEL - SUNSET
text: Bud's Packard crests the rise looking down on the
text: Victory. Exley's Plymouth is in the courtyard.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORY MOTEL - ROOM 6 - SUNSET
text: Exley in the hotseat. Sitting there thinking. At a CAR
text: DOOR CLOSING, he goes to the door.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Exley opens the door as Bud approaches, toting a shotgun.
text: The sun is down. The sky is just a dull glow.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You wanted to meet here?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Me? You called it. I got a
dialog: message that...
text: As the reality sinks in, Bud and Exley hear TIRES on the
text: GRAVEL; CARS are COMING. Being in a concavity, they
text: don't see them yet. Then the CARS STOP. But still Bud
text: and Exley can't see anything. They hear the CLICKS of
text: CAR DOORS OPENING, but they don't hear them shut. There
text: are FOOTSTEPS, MURMURED WHISPERS. More CARS PULL UP.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Shit... Come on.
text: Exley starts for his car, but Bud holds him back.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Too late.
text: A beat. Resigned, Exley nods. They retreat back to Room
text: 6, disappear inside. A beat. There's MOVEMENT in the
text: shadows to the left. To the right.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORY MOTEL - ROOM 6 - NIGHT
text: There's a big back window. Bud covers most of it with a
text: ratty old mattress. He pumps the shotgun.
text: He pulls a .45 automatic from his waistband.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Here.
text: He throws the auto to Exley, pulls out a .38. Bud's
text: armed for bear.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You figured this was a set-up?
dialog: And you showed up anyway?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: A lot of bad stuff happened here.
dialog: It's as good a place as any for it
dialog: to end.
text: Bud switches off the light. They wait in silence. Then:
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You know, all I ever wanted was to
dialog: measure up to my father.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I spent years trying not to live
dialog: down to mine.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: BUD (CONT'D)
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: We should block off the bathroom.
dialog: They could come through --
text: A CREAK outside the front door. Bud levels the SHOTGUN.
text: BOOM! The DOOR is BLOWN OFF ITS HINGES. We see the
text: figure of a man sprawl back in the dirt. In the darkness
text: beyond, MUZZLE FLASHES from all around. Exley and Bud
scene_heading: RETURN FIRE.
text: We hear the BACK WINDOW BREAK under a MUFFLED BLOW. Bud
text: charges back, yanks down the mattress revealing two men
text: climbing through. Sitting ducks: torn apart by THREE
text: TRIPLE-AUGHT ROUNDS close in. A beat, then...
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: We got him!
text: Bud smiles, in on the plan as theres an answering WHOOP.
text: A third man looks through the window. BOOM! Bud nails
dialog: him.
text: Bud motions Exley to stay put, then slips out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORY MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Bud crouches, looks between the cinder blocks supporting
text: the room. Two sets of feet shuffling along. Bud FIRES
text: the SHOTGUN. Shrieks as the men go down. Bud extends
text: the .38 to fire point blank headshots. Then...
text: Bud flattens himself as a wicked CROSSFIRE TEARS UP ROOM
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: INT. VICTORY MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Exley is forced down as well, lying flat as plaster rains
dialog: down.
text: The door frame splinters as more Dudley men charge in.
text: Four men with rifles. One is Patchett's Burly Bodyguard.
text: They spot Exley lying there. Hushed whispers as they
text: approach: "Dead meat." "Be careful." Kicks in the
text: side. The men look at each other, sneer.
text: Exley jerks a foot. The foot man stumbles as Exley spins
text: around SHOOTING. FIRING the .45 and his own .38. All
text: four men go down. Exley stands, digs into his pocket to
dialog: reload.
text: Bud scrambles back through the window. Exley looks over
text: and smiles as Bud reloads the shotgun. It's dead quiet.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: I'm thinking we might walk away
dialog: from this.
text: At that instant, Dudley steps through the bathroom door.
text: He's got Exley dead to rights. As he squeezes the
text: trigger, Bud leaps forward, pushes Exley hard to the
dialog: ground.
text: The SHOT passes through Bud's back by his left shoulder
text: blade. It spins him around. A SECOND SHOT to the
text: stomach slows him to a walk as he charges Dudley. A
text: THIRD ROUND SHATTERS Bud's jaw, but still he comes.
text: Driven by rage, his hands reaching for Dudley's throat.
text: He even gets hold before a FOURTH SLUG tears his chest.
text: Bud falls hard.
text: Dudley swings his aim to Exley who's just managed to
text: shake the cobwebs of being flattened by Bud. A frozen
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I'm loathe to kill my brother
dialog: officers, Edmund.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Tell that to Jack Vincennes. To
dialog: Stensland.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Jack was a shame, but Dick
dialog: Stensland had the audacity to try
dialog: to sell me my own heroin. Through
dialog: his whore girl friend. I sent him
dialog: to make the buy. The rest is
dialog: history.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: A vacuum, Edmund. That's what we
dialog: have in Los Angeles. Sending
dialog: Mickey Cohen up created it. My
dialog: containment work maintained it.
dialog: Certain photographs guarantee it.
dialog: Organized crime has been held
dialog: back, but there's still a demand
dialog: for the services it provides.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: And now you'll provide them.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Absolutely. Prostitution and
dialog: gambling are victimless crimes.
dialog: The heroin we'll run down to the
dialog: coloreds. Anesthetize them. As
dialog: long as it's not a middle class
dialog: problem, no one will care. It's
dialog: still a crime free city... for
dialog: respectable people.
text: Dudley aims the .38, cocks back the hammer. We hear
scene_heading: DISTANT POLICE SIRENS.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: This isn't politics, Edmund.
dialog: There won't be winners and losers
dialog: when it's over...
text: Dudley doesn't see Bud stir, reach into a pocket.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Just the living and the dead.
dialog: It's always been that way in the
dialog: Bureau. You should've realized
dialog: that before you became a
dialog: detective.
text: It's over. Dudley's finger tightens on the trigger. But
text: Dudley screams as Bud buries a switchblade into his left
text: calf. It took all Bud had left. As he collapses...
text: Dudley wails; Exley dives for Bud's shotgun. Dudley
text: FIRES, misses. A wild SHOTGUN BLAST takes out half the
text: wall. Dudley stumbles out the door. SIRENS BLARE.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORY MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Dudley drops his gun as the cruisers stream down. Exley
text: steps out behind him, but doesn't drop the shotgun. The
text: two of them are bleached white by headlights.
text: Dudley raises his badge over his head.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: We're policemen!
dialog: (winks)
dialog: Let me do the talking. They'll
dialog: make you Chief of Detectives.
text: Exley steps ahead to block his way.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Why not, lad? Absolute justice?
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Really? Would you be willing to
dialog: rig crime scene evidence to
dialog: support a prosecuting attorney's
dialog: working hypothesis?
text: Exley doesn't answer. Dudley smiles.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Would you be willing to beat
dialog: confessions out of suspects you
dialog: knew to be guilty?
text: Exley glares. Laughing, Dudley brushes by, limps toward
text: the gathering policemen.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Are you willing to shoot hardened
dialog: criminals in the back to offset
dialog: the chance they'll --
text: The SHOTGUN BELCHES flame. Dudley goes down, shot in the
text: back. Exley drops the gun, raises his hands over his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: L.A. MONTAGE
text: "RAGS TO RICHES" PLAYS.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSE BOWL PARADE - DAY
text: Riding in a convertible, waving to the crowds is the
text: Grand Marshal -- the new Vice President, a young
dialog: Richard Nixon.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: A midnight assembly. The Chief, D.A. Loew and several
text: high ranking brass. Their attention riveted
text: THROUGH the one-way glass into...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM #1 - NIGHT
text: Bloody, exhausted, Exley sits across from two INTERNAL
scene_heading: AFFAIRS DETECTIVES.
scene_heading: INTERNAL AFFAIRS #1
dialog: You have a lot of explaining to
dialog: do, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Yes. I do.
text: As Exley begins...
speaker_heading: TELEVISION SCREEN
dialog: Where we're informed that tonight's episode of "Badge of
dialog: Honor" is: "Dedicated to the memory of technical advisor
dialog: Sergeant Jack Vincennes."
scene_heading: EXT. VENTURA FREEWAY - CAHUENGA PASS - DAY
text: A ribbon is cut. Eager motorists roll down the blacktop.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAUMAN'S CHINESE THEATER - DAY
text: Ronald Reagan applauds as Jane Wyman plunges her hands
text: into fresh sidewalk cement.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: The brass exchange concerned looks and raied eyebrows as
text: they watch Exley THROUGH the glass, his VOICE heard OVER
text: the SPEAKERS.
scene_heading: INT. UNION STATION - DAY
text: The Flatnose Frisco loan shark and Cauliflowered
text: Cleveland enforcer seen earlier at the Victory Motel
text: return to L.A., ready to fill the vacuum.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSSTAND - DAY
text: Hush-Hush is delivered. The headline: "Actor Reynolds
text: in his Final Role: Conductor of the Night Train to Slice
dialog: City."
scene_heading: INT. ROOM #1 - NIGHT
text: Exley stares across at the Internal Affairs Detectives.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: That's it. That's the whole
dialog: story.
text: As Exley looks to the gray-tinted wall mirror...
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Loew leans over, whispers to the Chief.
speaker_heading: LOEW
dialog: The press would have a field day
dialog: with this.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: When in doubt, feed them a hero.
dialog: In this case, we'll need more than
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: LOS ANGELES EXAMINER HEADLINE:
scene_heading: R.I.P. DUDLEY SMITH
text: Fabled L.A. Cop Dies Defending City
dialog: from Organized Crime!
scene_heading: INT. LAPD HEADQUARTERS - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY
text: Exley in his dress blue uniform. The Chief smiles, pins
text: gold stars to his shoulders.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Captain Edmund Exley. Chief of
dialog: Detectives. Los Angeles Police
dialog: Department.
text: Applause. Flashbulbs. Lynn watches from the back as
text: Exley runs a handshake gauntlet. Finally, he spots her.
text: She's returned to her natural brunette. Looks even
text: better. Exley steps over.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: (ironic smile)
dialog: I tried to throw it all away and
text: they give it back in spades.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Exley walks Lynn out.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Where will you go?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Bisbee, Arizona. The air's good
dialog: for pensioners and I know where
dialog: everything is.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Right now, before I back down.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Where is he?
text: Lynn gestures ahead. They walk to her car. She opens
text: the back door. Bud's in the back. Braces on his legs,
text: head sutured. Jaw wired shut and tubes running in and
text: out. But his hands still look strong. Bud forces a
text: smile through the wires, tries to say something, but
dialog: can't.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Thanks for the push.
text: Exley takes his hand. Bud squeezes till both men wince.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: You just did what you did. No
dialog: rank, no glory.
text: Exley slips his Medal of Valor into Bud's hand.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: From me to you. It'll mean
dialog: something if it's yours.
text: Bud takes it, turns away so Exley won't see the tears.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: We should go now.
text: As Exley steps back, Lynn closes the door. PARTY noises
text: drift from upstairs. Exley looks to Lynn.
speaker_heading: EXLEY
dialog: Do you think I ever could've been
dialog: in the running?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Some men get the world. Others
dialog: get ex-hookers and a trip to
dialog: Arizona.
text: A beat. Exley wishes he'd gotten the trip to Arizona.
text: She kisses him on the cheek, gets in the CAR. STARTS it.
text: Exley looks back at Bud. Bud presses his hands to the
text: glass. Exley touches his side, palms half the man's
text: size. Hands against hands.
text: The car moves. A turn into traffic, a good-bye TOOT on
text: the HORN. Exley's all alone. As he watches them go...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
