text: 
speaker_heading: LA LA LAND
dialog: Written by
dialog: Damien Chazelle
dialog: FADE IN...
text: A sun-blasted sky. We HEAR radios -- one piece of music after
dialog: another...
dialog: We're --
scene_heading: 1 EXT. 101 FREEWAY - DAY
text: Cars are at a standstill. It's a horrific traffic jam.
text: Morning rush hour. Sun beating down, asphalt shimmering in the
text: heat. The blown-out downtown L.A. skyline hovers in the
text: distance.
text: We DRIFT past more CARS. Hear one snippet of audio after
dialog: another...
text: One driver taps his steering wheel to PROG ROCK. Another
text: sings to OPERA. A third raps along to a HIP-HOP track. We
text: move from a RADIO INTERVIEW to a FRENCH BALLAD to TECHNO,
text: until finally we begin to hear...
text: ...a new, original piece of music... [ANOTHER DAY OF SUN]
text: We settle on the CAR from which this new tune is playing.
text: The driver is a YOUNG WOMAN. She hums along to the riff on
text: her radio -- then starts SINGING.
text: Then -- she EXITS her car. Then -- she starts MOVING down the
dialog: lane.
text: One by one, more DRIVERS join her -- SINGING and DANCING
text: along. Without a single cut, we've found ourselves in a FULL-
text: FLEDGED MUSICAL NUMBER...
text: Drivers leap on car-tops, dance Jerome Robbins-style, making
text: use of the road and the hot gleam of the automobiles. Arms
text: swaying, feet banging, dancers darting, as the MUSIC blasts.
text: We WEAVE and SWIRL and DART between and around the cars,
dialog: taking the magic in...
text: Finally -- all the drivers swing back into their vehicles --
text: and the song comes to a dramatic stop.
dialog: Flash title card:
speaker_heading: WINTER
text: A1 We settle on a new car. A 1983 Dodge Riviera. In it is
text: SEBASTIAN, 32, L.A. native. He's listening to the radio. He's
text: playing a track on his music system -- a tape of Thelonious
text: Monk's "Japanese Folk Song". But he keeps stopping it, over
text: and over and over -- always rewinding to the same exact spot.
dialog: Revision 2.
speaker_heading: B1 OMIT
text: C1 We DRIFT from his car to one further up ahead. A light-green
text: 2005 Prius. Inside is MIA, 27, Nevada-raised. Six years of
text: "no" in L.A. have toughened her, but she's still a dreamer.
text: She seems to be on the phone, speaking into her car's system.
text: Fast, fiery, full of energy --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: ...and I swear to God, she was wrecked.
dialog: It was pure insanity.
text: Mia stops. Thinks. Mutters to herself: "Insanity"... Then
text: leans down and grabs a piece of paper from the passenger
text: seat. It's a SCRIPT.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (reading now)
dialog: Pure lunacy. Oh God, I know...
text: Just then -- the traffic around Mia starts to let up. She's
text: too focused on her lines to notice.
text: Then -- a long, sustained honk behind her: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHT.
text: Mia comes to. Jerked back to reality. The honking car behind
text: her swerves into the next lane. It's Sebastian. Mia gives him
text: the finger. We then FOLLOW her as she drives...
speaker_heading: 2 OMIT
speaker_heading: 3 OMIT
scene_heading: 4 INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Mia works, photos of Hollywood icons on the wall behind her, as --
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER #1
dialog: This doesn't taste like almond milk.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Don't worry, it is. I know sometimes it --
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER #1
dialog: Can I see the carton?
text: Mia hands it over. The Customer looks.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll have a black coffee.
text: Mia gets the coffee. Quickly sneaks a look at a script hidden
text: underneath her counter. The same one we saw in her car...
dialog: Revision 3.
text: She hands the coffee to the Customer. We follow the Customer
text: out through the door -- as a WOMAN walks into the shop. We
text: don't see the Woman's face, but we see all the eyes in the
text: shop turn immediately to her. We see one CUSTOMER whisper to
text: another, discreetly pointing as the WOMAN passes by...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Cappuccino, please.
text: Mia nods. Gets it made. The Manager takes it from her.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: On us.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No, I insist.
text: She pays. Then smiles at Mia and drops a bill in the tip jar.
text: Mia watches as the Woman walks off, is joined by a STUDIO
text: EMPLOYEE on a golf cart outside -- we realize this coffee shop
text: is on a STUDIO LOT -- and is driven away...
text: Then -- Mia's phone rings. It reads: "MOM". Mia presses
text: "IGNORE" and the time pops up on the phone's screen: 4:07.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Shit.
text: Removing her apron and hurrying out, turning back as --
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
speaker_heading: MIA
text: It's -- five past...
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You'd better be here early tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Ok.
text: -- then realizes she doesn't have her script, runs back to
text: grab it, hurries on and then -- CRASHES into a table. Coffee
text: and food spill all over her shirt, and all at once we're --
scene_heading: 5 INT. AUDITION ROOM - DAY
text: Mia's in a thick winter coat, covering her stained shirt. On
text: her cell, loudly laughing while her adrenaline surges --
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: And I swear to God, she was wrecked. It
dialog: was pure lunacy. Oh God, I know...
dialog: Revision 4.
text: Her nerves are practically visible. As she talks, we PULL
text: BACK -- to see that she's auditioning for a CASTING DIRECTOR.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: No, no, Turner's fine. So you -- are you
dialog: waiting `til Denver to tell her...?
dialog: (as her smile contracts)
dialog: Oh. I see...
dialog: (silence; she clenches her jaw...)
dialog: No, you're right. I understand.
dialog: (...and a tear falls from her eye)
dialog: Ok... I just... Oh...
text: An ASSISTANT appears through the glass on the door behind
text: Mia, waving to the Casting Director: Yoohoo. Can I come in?
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (crying now)
dialog: No, I'm happy for you... I -- I just --
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: One second.
text: Mia stops. The Casting Director waves the Assistant in. The
text: Assistant scurries in, shows her boss a post-it. Mia stands
text: there, trying to hold onto the tears, hold onto the emotion, as
text: the Casting Director reads the post-it and thinks.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: ...I'll call her back. Tell her I'm almost
dialog: done in here.
text: The Assistant nods. Walks out. Mia waits, trying to maintain...
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what? I think we're good. Thanks
dialog: for coming in.
text: Mia looks at her. A beat.
scene_heading: 6 INT. LOBBY - DAY
text: Mia exits. Nerves still on edge. Passes one beautiful redhead
text: after the next -- all getting ready to cry.
text: Enters the elevator with two other WOMEN -- tall, statuesque.
dialog: Also redheads.
scene_heading: 7 INT. MIA'S APARTMENT - EARLY EVENING
text: Mia enters. Exhausted. Heads to her ROOM.
dialog: Revision 5.
text: Old movie posters hang on the walls, including a big Ingrid
text: Bergman one over the bed. There's also a shelf filled with
dialog: acting books -- Uta Hagen, Stella Adler. Various other
text: trinkets: an old globe, an old blue-and-red suitcase. Mia
text: takes off her shoe. A blister on her sole.
text: 8 WE CUT TO: Mia in the BATHROOM. Just showered, wrapped in a
text: towel. She hums to herself.
text: The mirror is fogged up. She turns off the vent. The mist on
text: the glass thickens. She dabs some of it away. Dims the
text: lights. Looks...
text: With the fog in place, her reflection looks like one of those
text: soft-focus old Hollywood close-ups. She hums as she brushes
dialog: her hair...
text: Then -- the door SWINGS open -- and the spell is broken.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Holy Mother of God.
text: Mia snaps out of it. Turns. Fog is enveloping TRACY, 27.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ever heard of a vent?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I wanted to give you an entrance.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: (appearing in the hall, 26,
dialog: eating Cheetos)
dialog: Mia! How'd it go?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Eh...
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: Same here. Was Jen there? Or Rachel?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I don't know who Jen and Rachel are.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: They're the worst.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I don't know if they were there.
text: As Mia slips away --
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: I bet they were.
dialog: Revision 6.
speaker_heading: CAITLIN
dialog: (appearing, 27)
dialog: Why is there a convention in the bathroom?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Two minutes, people! Mia you're coming,
dialog: right?
text: WE PAN TO find Mia poking her head out of her bedroom --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Can't. Working.
speaker_heading: TRACY (O.S.)
dialog: What?
dialog: (we PAN BACK to Tracy)
dialog: Did she say "working"?
text: A8 We follow Mia INSIDE her room. She closes the door. Takes a
text: moment. You can tell in her eyes -- work or not, a night on
dialog: the town is the last thing she wants to do now.
text: B8 WE CUT to the HALLWAY, to find Tracy POUNDING on Mia's door.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (opening up)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Look, I know things didn't go well today.
dialog: There are four things in my inbox that
dialog: you're perfect for and I will submit you.
dialog: But right now -- you're coming.
text: C8 With that -- she barges in and beelines to Mia's closet --
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT'D)
dialog: It'll be fun.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: It'll be a bunch of social climbers packed
dialog: into one of those glass houses.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Exactly. Fun.
text: She pulls out a blue dress. As Alexis hurries in --
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT'D) MIA
dialog: This looks familiar. I was going to give it
dialog: back!
text: Alexis moves from Mia's perfume to the dress, lighting up as
text: she grabs it --
dialog: Revision 7.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: Come on, Mia. When else do you get to
dialog: see every Hollywood cliché crammed
dialog: into a single home?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: (faux-offended)
dialog: Lex! I'm disappointed in you. There's
dialog: nothing to make fun of. This party will
dialog: be humanity at its finest.
text: Mia rolls her eyes -- and, with that --
text: Tracy BREAKS INTO SONG. [SOMEONE IN THE CROWD]
text: She play-acts the clichés this party will represent. Alexis
text: and Caitlin join in, giddy and playful. Mia can't help but
text: laugh. The roommates sing and dance, hoping to persuade Mia
dialog: to join the night's revelry...
text: Mia remains reluctant. Stays behind in her room as her
text: roommates head out the door. But she's starting to wonder: A
dialog: night at home, feeling sorry for herself -- or a night out
dialog: with her friends...?
scene_heading: 9 EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING / STREET - NIGHT
text: We're outside now, and BACK with Tracy, Alexis and Caitlin,
text: marching across the courtyard and toward the street. They
text: sing, dance, half-assuming Mia is a no-go --
text: -- until Mia APPEARS, blue-dress-clad. Her roommates look at
text: her in surprise -- then delight. The energy swells and the
text: four characters dance their way together down the street.
text: They dive into a single CAR, and WE DISSOLVE TO...
speaker_heading: 10 OMIT.
text: A10 OMIT.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. CITY - NIGHT
text: An old-fashioned MONTAGE of a night on the town: neon signs
text: and overflowing champagne glasses. Soon enough, we're at...
scene_heading: 12 EXT. MODERN HILLTOP HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Valet cars lined up. We FOLLOW Alexis, Tracy, Caitlin and Mia
dialog: to the door...
scene_heading: 13 INT./EXT. HILLTOP HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ...and into a big-glass hilltop pad. We FOLLOW Mia as she
text: takes in her surroundings.
dialog: Revision 8.
text: A D.J. turning tables. A FAT OLD PRODUCER dancing with a
text: TWENTY-SOMETHING. A trio of AGENTS glad-handing each other in
text: rhythm by the bar. Yep -- every cliché is here...
text: Mia tries talking to a pair of WOMEN -- who promptly ditch
dialog: her.
text: Seeing she's now alone, a YOUNG MAN swoops in to hit on her.
text: She makes a hasty exit toward the bar -- but the line's
dialog: obscenely long.
text: She nears the BATHROOM door -- but a COUPLE stands in her way,
text: making out.
text: She slips in behind them...
text: A13 Inside the BATHROOM, Mia takes a moment. The joy of seconds
text: ago is gone from her eyes now. She gazes into the mirror --
text: -- and SINGS by herself.
text: This verse, sung in private, belongs to a new style: less
dialog: brash, and far more vulnerable...
text: Once finished, Mia takes a breath, steels herself to once
text: again face the world, opens the door -- and rejoins the
dialog: crowd...
text: B13 We MOVE with her slowly now -- surrounded by the party, but
text: everything set at a snail's pace, the crazed carousers moving
text: in SLOW MOTION. It's the sadness underneath the revelry, the
dialog: pain underneath the clichés...
text: Gradually we RAMP UP. Follow Mia OUTSIDE, where we see the
text: splash of blue-green that is the POOL -- and a flurry of FAKE
text: SNOW falling from above...
text: As we reach FULL-SPEED, a PARTY-GOER races to the edge, jumps --
text: -- and we PLUNGE WITH HIM INTO THE POOL.
text: This is the climax of the number. Everyone joins in,
text: circling the pool -- a swath of color against the black sky.
text: Everyone dances, everyone sings -- and the song concludes
text: with a blast of fireworks.
speaker_heading: C13 OMIT
scene_heading: A14 EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Close on a sign: "NO PARKING ANYTIME: TOW-AWAY ZONE".
dialog: Revision 9.
speaker_heading: MIA (O.S.)
dialog: No...
text: We see Mia -- all alone, staring at the sign. No car in
text: sight. She reaches into her purse, pulls out her cell phone
dialog: to call Tracy. It's dead.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: 15 OMIT
speaker_heading: 16 OMIT
speaker_heading: 17 OMIT
speaker_heading: A17 OMIT
speaker_heading: B17 OMIT
speaker_heading: 18 OMIT
scene_heading: 19 EXT. HILL / LOS ANGELES STREETS - NIGHT
text: Mia trudges down the steep hill in her unwieldy heels. She's an
text: hour-and-a-half walk from her place. She crosses roads and lots,
text: navigates stretches where the sidewalk stops and gives way to
text: shrubbery.
text: A19 And then -- she hears something... Music. A piano, in the
text: distance. And a MELODY -- one we will come to know very well...
text: Without being sure why, she FOLLOWS THE SOUND. Passes several
text: doors. Then stops. Has found where it's coming from...
text: She reaches out -- and slowly opens a door...
text: AND WE CUT RIGHT BACK TO:
scene_heading: 20 EXT. 101 FREEWAY - EARLIER THAT MORNING
text: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHT. The same 101 traffic jam we began
text: with. This time we're on Sebastian -- the honker.
text: He passes Mia's car. She gives him the finger. He drives on,
text: shaking his head...
speaker_heading: 21 OMIT
scene_heading: 22 EXT. RAYO'S - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sebastian sips a coffee as he gazes across the street -- at
text: a 30's Deco building. A sign above the door: "VAN BEEK". A
text: newer sub-heading below: "TAPAS &amp; TUNES".
dialog: Revision 10.
text: The door opens. Two EMPLOYEES step out, setting up a valet
text: stand. Sebastian watches them -- and shakes his head. The
text: employees notice him. Recognize him. What is it with that
dialog: guy...?
speaker_heading: 23A OMIT
scene_heading: 23 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Sebastian enters his apartment -- cramped, dingy, bare
text: walls, no furniture or decoration, boxes filled with dusty
text: black-and-white photographs and unused instruments on the
text: floor, a black Steinway upright piano in the center of the
text: living room -- and sees a WOMAN rummaging around.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You gotta stop breaking into my home.
text: She looks up. She's 37 quickly going on 50, and dressed like
text: she doesn't care. This is LAURA, Sebastian's older sister.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You think Mom or Dad would call this a
dialog: home?
text: Seeing that she's seated on a stained, decrepit stool --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Please don't sit on that.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yes. Hoagy Carmichael sat on that stool.
dialog: The Baked Potato was gonna throw it away.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I wonder why.
dialog: (then, rising,)
dialog: I brought you this. It's a throw rug.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Don't need it.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yeah? What if I told you Miles Davis
dialog: pissed on it?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: That's almost insulting...
dialog: (then,)
dialog: Did he?
dialog: Revision 11.
text: She shakes her head: Unbelievable. Tosses the rug to the side.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: When are you going to unpack these boxes?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: When I unpack them in my club.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Oh my God. It's like a girl broke up with
dialog: you and you're stalking her.
dialog: (then, looks at him --)
dialog: You're not still going by there, are you?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: No.
dialog: A beat. Then --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They've turned it into a tapas-samba
dialog: place. You believe that?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Seb --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Who wants to tapas while they samba?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I have someone I want you to meet.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I don't want to meet anyone.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You'll like her.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Uh-huh. Does she like jazz?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Probably not.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Then what are we gonna talk about?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You'll talk about the weather.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Ok. Then I have someone I'd like you to
text: meet. He's got a face tattoo, but a heart
dialog: of gold.
dialog: Revision 12.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Sebastian --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: How long's it been?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You need to get serious. You live like a
dialog: hermit. You're driving without insurance.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I am serious. I had a very serious plan
dialog: for my future. It's not my fault I got
dialog: Shanghai'ed.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You did not get "Shanghai'ed", you got
text: ripped off.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What's the difference?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It's not as romantic as that.
dialog: (she starts to walk off)
dialog: And everyone knew that guy was shady
dialog: except for you.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Why do you say romantic like it's a dirty
dialog: word?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Unpaid bills are not romantic. Call her.
text: She heads to the door. He follows her, won't give it up --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're acting like life's got me on the
dialog: ropes -- what you don't understand is, I
dialog: want to be on the ropes. I'm letting life
dialog: hit me `til it gets tired. Then I'm gonna
text: make my move. It's a classic rope-a-dope.
text: Laura can't help but laugh. Stops by the door. Looks at him.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I love you. Unpack your boxes.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'm changing the locks.
dialog: Revision 13.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (out the door with a smile --)
dialog: You can't afford it.
text: She's gone. Sebastian thinks for a beat, then calls out --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'm a phoenix rising from the ashes!
text: No reply to his triumphant declaration. He shuts the door.
text: Looks again at the napkin. Thinks. Tosses it in the trash.
scene_heading: A23 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: Moments later. Sebastian takes a slice of pizza from the
text: fridge, pours himself some more coffee, places a Thelonious
text: Monk LP onto a record player, and sits down at the piano.
text: "Japanese Folk Song" -- the piece we heard in his car --
dialog: plays...
text: Sebastian plays along. Stops. Moves the record back a few
text: bars. Starts it again. Plays the same passage over. Stops.
text: Moves the record back a second time. Plays the passage again.
text: Stops. Over and over, just like in his car -- until, finally,
dialog: he gets it right.
text: He keeps playing, louder now, and we're --
speaker_heading: B23 OMIT
speaker_heading: 24 OMIT
speaker_heading: 25 OMIT
speaker_heading: 26 OMIT
scene_heading: 27 INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: A red-booth bar-and-restaurant. Christmas decorations all over.
text: Sebastian steps in. Immediately beelining over --
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: Seb.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (putting on a smile)
dialog: Bill. Thanks for having me back.
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: Your welcome. Stick to the set list.
dialog: Revision 14.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Of course.
dialog: (under his breath as he heads
dialog: to the piano)
dialog: Though I don't think they care what I
dialog: play.
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: I do, and I don't want to hear the free
dialog: jazz.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: How `bout one for you, one for me? Or two
dialog: for you, one for me?
dialog: (the Boss just glares)
dialog: Or all for you, none for me? Ok, that
dialog: works. Good deal.
text: Sebastian sits down at the keys. A WAITRESS passes by.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Well... Welcome back.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: There's a nice way to say that.
text: With that -- he starts playing "Jingle Bells".
scene_heading: 28 INT. RESTAURANT - LATER
text: The restaurant's demographic has changed. It's now younger
text: stragglers wandering in. Sebastian looks beyond bored. He
text: finishes "We Wish You a Merry Christmas". Zero applause.
text: He begins a new chart: "Deck the Halls". But something seems
text: to come over him now. He's restless. Slowly, his playing
text: drifts off -- his fingers charting their own path...
text: And then -- we hear a melody. The one Mia heard outside. The
dialog: one we'll refer to from now on as Mia and Sebastian's song...
text: The door opens -- and Mia steps in. She sees Sebastian at the
text: piano. Is instantly struck by his playing. [MIA AND
dialog: SEBASTIAN'S THEME]
text: Gradually -- all sounds but the music drop out. We drift away
text: from reality. Even the walls seem to go slightly darker -- as
text: though Sebastian and Mia were all alone... He concludes his
text: piece with a jumble of chords, his playing almost free jazz
text: now, as we pull back to real life...
text: ...and see the Boss looking on in scorn.
dialog: Revision 15.
text: Sebastian finishes. Silence. Mia looks like the wind has been
text: knocked out of her. Sebastian looks up for a second -- and
text: sees her. They look at one another. Just a moment.
text: Then -- the Boss taps Sebastian on the shoulder. WE STAY ON
text: Mia as she watches Sebastian rise with the Boss. We just see
text: the Boss talking to Sebastian, can't hear what is said. Then,
text: we get closer -- and realize:
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: ...every goddamned night.
text: Sebastian is silent. Then, doesn't want to have to beg but --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'll stick to the set list, I promise --
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: Too late. You're done.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're not gonna find a better player. You
dialog: know that.
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: (leans in, and --)
dialog: Do you think anyone here gives a shit?
text: With that, the Boss walks off. We linger on Sebastian. Anger
text: giving way -- to hurt. He starts hurrying toward the door.
text: BACK TO Mia -- who didn't hear what was said. She watches
text: Sebastian -- takes a breath, so moved that she's about to lay
text: it all out -- swoops in to corner him -- and --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I just wanted to say -- I saw your
dialog: playing, and I --
text: -- but Sebastian just walks right by -- his shoulder
text: bumping against Mia's for an added measure of disdain.
text: He heads out the door. Slams it shut. Mia is left standing on
text: her own. She looks like she's just been slapped.
text: SMASH CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: Revision 16.
speaker_heading: SPRING
speaker_heading: 29 OMIT
scene_heading: 30 INT. AUDITION ROOMS - DAY
text: Mia auditions. Pilot season cattle-call -- a series of soul-
text: crushing try-outs. She's pandering to the hilt. Quick glimpses:
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
text: I don't like the fissure on the GT scan.
dialog: Did you test for achromatopsia?
dialog: 31 Then, a second audition --
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
text: D.O.A. on 23rd, perp laughing his face off
dialog: at P.D. Damn Miranda Rights.
dialog: 32 And finally, a third audition --
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my classroom. You don't like it,
text: the door's to my left.
speaker_heading: READER (O.S.)
dialog: (a well-dressed forty-year-old
dialog: WOMAN reading from sides)
dialog: Lady why you be trippin' like that?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No, Jamal. You be trippin'.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. PARTY - DAY
text: Mia wanders around another party. A BAD 80's COVER BAND plays.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: There you are! You need to meet someone!
dialog: Carlo, this is Mia. Mia, Carlo's a writer.
speaker_heading: CARLO TRACY
dialog: Nice to meet you, Mia. He's got projects all over
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: (shrugs, faux-modest)
dialog: They say I have a knack for world-building.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (takes this in; then --)
dialog: Congratulations. I have to grab a drink...
dialog: Revision 17.
text: She slips away. Presses toward the bar. The music gets louder,
text: more obnoxious. She peers toward the band to get a look...
text: And then she sees him. Sebastian.
text: Playing keyboard-guitar for the band. Dressed up like his band-
text: mates in a bright polyester outfit. And hating every second.
text: The band finishes, and the SINGER addresses the (thin) crowd.
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: Alright, one more for y'all before we
dialog: break. Do I hear any requests?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: "I Ran".
text: Sebastian turns. Sees Mia, looking at him with a defiant grin,
text: enjoying her power. He thinks -- then recognizes the face.
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: "I Ran" it is.
dialog: (to Sebastian)
dialog: Wanna start us off, piano-man?
text: Sebastian stays silent. Mortified. Finally, so reluctant, he
text: taps his keyboard to count the band in and begins playing.
text: On the keys, it's a single note, repeated measure after measure.
text: Mia knew this. Sebastian looks at her. She smiles right back.
speaker_heading: SINGER (CONT'D)
dialog: I walked along the avenue...
scene_heading: 35 EXT. PARTY / INT. HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Set break. Sebastian hurries from the keys -- enters the house,
text: looks both ways, finally spots Mia and --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Ok. I remember you.
text: Mia looks at him. One eyebrow raised. Yeah?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I'm sorry if I was curt that night.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: "Curt"?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Ok I was an asshole. I can admit that.
dialog: Revision 18.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: But requesting "I Ran" from a serious
dialog: musician -- it's too far.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: My God. Did you just call yourself "a
dialog: serious musician"?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Can I borrow what you're wearing?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Because I have an audition next week. I'm
dialog: playing a serious fire-fighter.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (irritation building --)
dialog: So you're an actress. That makes sense.
dialog: Have I seen you in anything?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Uh... The coffee shop on the Warner
dialog: Brothers lot. That's a classic.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Oh, you're a barista. Well now I see how
dialog: you can look down on me from all the way
dialog: up there.
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: (popping in from nowhere)
dialog: Sebastian. Second set.
text: Sebastian looks at Mia. She smirks. Pleased. The Singer walks
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: He doesn't tell me what to do.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: He just told you what to do.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I let him.
dialog: Revision 19.
dialog: A beat.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Mia.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Mia. Guess I'll see you in the movies.
text: He heads back to the keys, and the band resumes:
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: Never seen you lookin' so lovely as you
dialog: did tonight...
scene_heading: 36 EXT. PARTY / STREET - NIGHT
text: The party's finished. Sebastian exits, pulling out his keys,
text: as we DRIFT and see a long line to the VALET. Standing way in
text: the back, waiting, is Mia. She's stuck once again with CARLO,
text: who's regaling her --
speaker_heading: CARLO
text: ...Goldilocks from the point of view of
dialog: the bears. Home-invasion thriller. Fox
dialog: and Warners are going crazy for it.
text: Mia spots Sebastian, passing by the Valet with his keys.
speaker_heading: CARLO (CONT'D)
dialog: ...We're going after Charlize. For the
text: bear. We're flipping it. Feels like a
dialog: franchise. But the thing is it's grounded.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (to Sebastian)
dialog: George Michael!
text: Sebastian stops. Looks at her. Surprised.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You again.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Did you just get your keys?
text: Sebastian thinks. Sees the Valet. Playing it off --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...Yeah.
dialog: Revision 20.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Can you grab mine?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...Which one is it?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: The Prius.
text: A beat. Sebastian turns to the Valet's box. Motions to the
text: Valet: Sorry. One second. Looks. All the keys are Prius keys.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: The one with the green ribbon.
text: Another beat. Sebastian finds it. Grabs it.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Mia and Sebastian trudge up a hill lined with cars. Mia aims
text: her key fob. No beep. Sebastian points his own keys, also
text: aiming for a beep. Silence. They've been at this for a while.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (almost tripping in her heels)
dialog: Shit...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Those look comfortable.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: They are...n't.
text: A beat. She aims again. No beep.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you for saving the day back there.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You didn't give me much of a choice.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Strange that we keep running into each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: It is strange. Maybe it means something.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I doubt it.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah I don't think so either.
dialog: Revision 21.
text: On that, Mia aims again. As always -- no beep. Noticing --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Put the clicker under your chin.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: What?
text: Sebastian demonstrates with his fob. He looks idiotic.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: It turns your head into an antenna.
dialog: Probably gives you cancer, but you find
dialog: your car more quickly.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You don't live as long, but you get
dialog: things done faster, so it all evens out.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Oh my God.
text: Just then, they reach a clearing -- AND THE CITY SKYLINE
text: APPEARS BELOW. A ribbon of lights, stretching as far as you
text: can see. It's the most romantic sight imaginable. They look
text: at each other. A beat. And then --
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Eh.
text: They walk on, the lights shimmering behind.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
text: Not much to look at.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Agreed. I've seen better.
text: And on that -- they SING. [A LOVELY NIGHT]
dialog: Mia and Sebastian try to downplay the romanticism of this
text: setting, this moment -- being lost here, at night, alone
text: together, atop a hill, the city glittering before them. It's
text: "no big deal", nothing they haven't seen or felt before --
dialog: because, after all, there's no chance for romance between
dialog: them...
text: Of course, the music, swelling and building, suggests
text: otherwise. Mia tires of her heels, finds a bench and fishes
text: for flats in her handbag. Sebastian sits beside her as she
text: slips the flats on. They look at each other, suspicious...
dialog: Revision 22.
text: He moves his foot. She moves hers. They look at each other
dialog: again. Still suspicious...
text: He moves again. She moves again. They seem to be moving in
text: sync -- without their even wanting to...
text: And -- bit by bit -- before our eyes -- they've almost
dialog: slipped into DANCE...
text: Sebastian rises. Mia rises as well. The two look at each
text: other. Run back to the bench, hop atop it -- the lights
text: stretch out like a magic carpet. They share a moment -- share
text: a look -- jump off -- AND START REALLY DANCING NOW...
dialog: Mia does a move, Sebastian responds. Sebastian does a move, Mia
text: shakes her head: "Nope". They make the road their own, growing
text: more and more energized, as surprised as we are to find --
dialog: ...that they can really dance together.
text: Just as this starts to look like a blossoming romance, real
text: joy peeking through, our two heroes getting closer and closer
text: and closer, looking at each other almost giddily...
text: ...a sound cuts through. It's a CELL PHONE ring.
text: Mia and Sebastian turn -- to her handbag, back by the bench.
text: Snapped out of it, Mia heads over and pulls out her cell.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey... Greg...? Can you hear me...? Yeah,
dialog: I'm just leaving now... K, see you soon...
text: She hangs up. Looks at Sebastian. An awkward silence. Finally --
text: she presses her fob again. Puts it under her chin this time. A
text: BEEP can be heard. They see her Prius.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah. Great... Well... Do you want a ride
dialog: to your car?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: No, that's fine... Thanks...
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: ...Ok...
text: Not sure what else to say, she heads to her vehicle. Waves.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Night.
text: Sebastian waves back. Mia drives off. Fast. Silence...
dialog: Revision 23.
text: Looking even more disappointed than he thought he'd be,
text: Sebastian walks on for a bit -- then retreats back down.
text: A37 Comes to a stop across from the party, and we see his Riviera --
text: right, it seems, where he knew it was all along. He pulls out
text: his keys -- they don't have a clicker after all.
speaker_heading: 38 OMIT
scene_heading: 39 INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: CLOSE on --
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Are these pastries gluten-free?
text: Mia's at work. A typically chaotic day.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: What?? I want a refund.
text: Mia nods, heads to the Manager --
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You're closing up Friday.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I have an audition. Remember?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Do I look like I care? Reschedule it.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: But you said --
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: And fix your apron.
text: With that, the Manager walks off. Mia is silent for a moment
text: -- wants to talk back but needs this job -- then turns -- and
text: sees Sebastian at the counter.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: ...Hi.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Meetings. Studio heads.
dialog: Revision 24.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Uh-huh. How'd you get on the lot?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Piece of cake.
text: Mia looks at him. He's sweating through his shirt. A beat.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Actually it took me four hours and I
dialog: ended up running. We probably have twenty
dialog: minutes before the guy finds me. You got
dialog: a break coming up?
text: Mia laughs. A moment.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm off in ten.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Great. I'll hide in the bathroom.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. COFFEE SHOP / STUDIO LOT - DAY
text: Mia exits, apron off. She and Sebastian start walking. She points
text: across the street -- to the façade of a Parisian apartment.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: That's the window Ingrid Bergman and
dialog: Humphrey Bogart looked out of in
dialog: Casablanca.
text: Sebastian nods. They start walking.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What's your Bogart's name...?
dialog: (Mia looks at him)
dialog: Is it Greg?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Yeah. Greg.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: How long have...?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: We've been seeing each other for a few
dialog: months.
text: An awkward beat. They pass a wooden SALOON -- where a WESTERN
text: is being shot. Extras in COWBOY costumes drink coffee on the
text: steps.
dialog: Revision 25.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I love this stuff. Makes coming to work
dialog: easier.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I know what you mean. I get breakfast
dialog: five miles out of the way just to sit
text: outside a jazz club.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: It was called Van Beek. The swing bands
dialog: played there. Count Basie. Chick Webb.
dialog: (then,)
dialog: It's a samba-tapas place now.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Samba-tapas. It's... Exactly. The joke's on
dialog: history.
text: Mia laughs.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, that's L.A. They worship everything
dialog: and they value nothing.
text: They reach a patch of green. Another shoot. A P.A. yells out:
speaker_heading: P.A.
dialog: Clear the frame!
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (to Sebastian)
dialog: We need to wait here.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I know. They shoot movies on my street.
dialog: "C-stands." "Apple box." "Don't forget to
dialog: sign out."
text: Mia laughs. A beat.
speaker_heading: A.D. (O.S.)
dialog: Quiet on set!
text: Mia and Sebastian watch the cameras roll. Then, in a whisper --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: How'd you get into all this?
dialog: Revision 26.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Into...? Oh -- I -- my aunt was an
dialog: actress. She was in this traveling
dialog: theater company... And there was this
dialog: little library across the street from my
dialog: house when I was growing up. This was
dialog: Boulder City, Nevada -- every house
dialog: looked exactly the same. I was ten and
dialog: already I needed to get out. And one day,
dialog: my aunt flew into town, and she showed me
dialog: the library's old-movie section. We spent
dialog: a whole day watching one after the other.
dialog: Bringing Up Baby. Notorious. Casablanca.
dialog: (a beat; then,)
dialog: I never knew the world was so big.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: Cut!
text: Mia and Sebastian resume walking. Now, at full volume --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I started putting on plays in my garage.
dialog: I'd write the scripts and print up
dialog: programs, and she'd give me props to use
dialog: from wherever she'd just been -- New
dialog: York, London, Paris. And then she'd jet
dialog: off again and I wouldn't hear from her
dialog: for another year.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Who would you invite to watch? Your
dialog: parents?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: God no -- I didn't invite anyone. That
dialog: would have been terrifying.
text: C40 CUT TO: The entrance to a giant soundstage.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Honestly, I wish I loved something else.
dialog: I've tried so hard to want other things.
text: She and Sebastian stop. Peer inside the stage.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I left school after two years to come here,
dialog: my fourth manager just dropped me, and my
dialog: last audition was for a teen soap pitched
dialog: as Dangerous Minds meets The O.C.
dialog: (a beat; then, deadpan --)
dialog: Should've been a lawyer.
dialog: Revision 27.
text: They resume walking.
text: D40 CUT TO: A row of closed soundstages, sandy-tan against the
text: bright blue sky.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...`Cause the world needs more lawyers.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Well it doesn't need more actresses.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're not just an actress.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: What do you mean, "just an actress"?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You said it yourself, you're a child-
dialog: prodigy playwright.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: That is not what I said.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're too modest to say it but it's
dialog: true. So you could write your own roles.
dialog: Write something that's as interesting as
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Last thing I wrote was a stand-up routine
dialog: for an open-mic night. It was horrible.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: All I'm saying is -- Louis Armstrong
dialog: could have played the marching-band
dialog: charts he was given. What did he do
dialog: instead? He made history.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Ok, I'll stop auditioning and make
dialog: history instead.
text: Sebastian laughs.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway -- I'm getting a feeling there's
dialog: something I should tell you...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: Revision 28.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I hate jazz.
text: Sebastian stops. Turns to her.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What does that mean? "I hate jazz"?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: It means when I listen to it I don't like
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
text: But it's such a blanket statement. It's
dialog: like saying "I hate animals".
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I do hate some animals.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Do you need to be anywhere right now?
text: Mia looks at him. We hear DRUMS. A swinging ride pattern. And
dialog: we're in --
scene_heading: 41 INT. LIGHTHOUSE CAFE - DAY
text: -- an old-school JAZZ CLUB. It's almost empty, only aged JAZZ
text: CATS here -- except for Mia and Sebastian, watching a QUARTET...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Most people say they hate jazz because
dialog: they don't have context. They don't get
dialog: where it came from. All these people
dialog: packed into flophouses in New Orleans,
dialog: speaking five different languages, and
dialog: jazz was how they talked to each other.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I thought it was just Kenny G.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...What?
text: Mia looks at him. Already knows just how to get to him.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I associate it with facials. It's
dialog: relaxing.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: It's not relaxing! Sid Bechet got into a
dialog: gunfight `cause somebody told him he
dialog: played a wrong note!
dialog: Revision 29.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (laying it on thick)
dialog: Right, but it's good to talk over. Where
dialog: I grew up there's this jazz station
dialog: they'd play at cocktail parties whenever
dialog: they served the salami and cheese.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Mia. These are things you can't unsay.
text: She bursts into laughter. Sebastian points to the band --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
text: It's not cocktail music -- it's a high-
dialog: wire act. These guys are performing and
dialog: composing and rearranging all at once.
text: A beat. Mia looks at the band. We DRIFT over the instruments...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: That's why you need to be in the space
dialog: and see what's at stake. This whole thing
dialog: -- it's dying. In twenty minutes they'll
dialog: head off to cut commercial sessions or do
dialog: pit at the Pantages `cause they have to --
dialog: but when I have my own place -- my club --
dialog: they'll play whatever they want.
text: Mia looks at Sebastian. Her laughter has subsided. She can
text: see something in him now -- the same passion he's speaking of...
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Your club?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...It's gonna be the old Van Beek. I'm
dialog: getting the lease back. It'll be perfect.
text: He watches the band. Lost in the sound. Then -- sincere --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The world tells everyone to move on. Says
dialog: the music's had its moment. But I love it
dialog: too much. I'm not moving on.
text: The band finishes. The ride cymbal sizzles in the air...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So?
text: He looks at Mia. She's visibly moved.
text: Just then -- we hear a BEEP. Mia looks at her phone.
dialog: Revision 30.
scene_heading: 42 INT. SIDE CORRIDOR - LIGHTHOUSE CAFE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Hi, I just missed a call...
scene_heading: 43 INT. LIGHTHOUSE CAFE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mia steps out, dazed. Sebastian's listening to a new tune. He
text: spots Mia, turns to her -- as, shouting over the music --
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I got a call-back!
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Really? For what?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: That show I told you about.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Dangerous Minds meets The O.C.?
speaker_heading: MIA
text: Right. It's -- actually more like Rebel
dialog: Without a Cause.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: That's amazing! "I got the bulletsssss!"
text: Mia laughs. But Sebastian can tell something in her laugh...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You've seen it, right?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Obviously.
dialog: (a beat; then --)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What? You're the movie person.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: It's the one I lie about.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Come on. You can't do this audition and
dialog: never see Rebel. The theater near me's
dialog: playing it. If you want -- I can take
dialog: you. For research.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (considering this)
dialog: ...Ok.
dialog: Revision 31.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: 10pm Monday at the Rialto. Cool?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Ok.
dialog: (another nod, taking it in)
dialog: For research.
text: Mia looks at him -- he looks at her -- each of them
text: suppressing a newfound giddiness... And on that --
scene_heading: 44 EXT. LIGHTHOUSE CAFE - EVENING
text: Mia and Sebastian exit. Wave "good-bye". We FOLLOW Sebastian.
text: He rounds the corner, nears the Hermosa Beach pier...
text: ...and begins to SING. [CITY OF STARS] Lifted by a strange
text: new feeling -- a feeling he wasn't expecting. The feeling
text: that perhaps -- just perhaps -- he's falling in love...
text: He gazes out at the sea, the purple sky. Dances with an OLD
text: COUPLE, then continues on his way, as though caught in a
text: dream. There's an uncertainty in his singing -- he's not sure
dialog: if this dream will sustain. But for now, it's a beautiful
dialog: feeling...
text: The MUSIC simmers down -- and WE FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. AUDITION BUILDING - DAY
text: A Pasadena building. As Mia approaches the door, another cell
text: ring. It's her MOM. This time, Mia is happy to get the call:
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi, Mom!
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: Hi, sweetie. How are you?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Great, actually: I got a call-back on a pilot.
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: Oh my God! You're going to be on TV??
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Well -- it's not picked up yet.
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: Not picked up?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: First they make the pilot, then if they
dialog: like the pilot it goes on TV.
dialog: Revision 32.
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: And you're in the pilot?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Well, no, I have a call-back.
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: I see... Didn't you audition for a TV
dialog: thing last week?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: It's another audition.
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: I see... So you might get a role in a
dialog: thing that might one day be put on TV...
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: ...Well when you put it like that it
text: sounds like a huge accomplishment.
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: No, I don't mean that, it's so exciting.
dialog: What channel? ABC? HBO?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Oxygen.
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: Oxygen?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: You know what, I have to go. I love you.
text: She hangs up. Takes a deep breath. Enters the building.
scene_heading: 46 INT. WAITING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mia sits, starts reviewing her script.
text: Looks around her -- the room is filled with ACTRESSES silently
text: MOUTHING THEIR LINES. It's a bizarre sight: a dozen women
text: moving their mouths, with no sound coming out at all.
dialog: What's more, they're all in variations of the same type of
text: costume: Michelle Pfeiffer's leather jacket from Dangerous
dialog: Minds.
text: A few stare at Mia, sizing her up. In the corner, another
text: one of them GRUNTS while performing stretches. Then -- a
text: DOOR to the side opens, and Mia can hear --
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: ...We'll be seeing you very soon.
dialog: Revision 33.
text: An ACTRESS exits. Absolutely beaming. And then, a bored voice --
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Mia Dolan?
scene_heading: 47 INT. AUDITION ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mia steps in. The pilot's DIRECTOR is seated at a table,
text: looking in his folder at Mia's head-shot. He looks up at Mia.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Whenever you're ready.
text: Mia breathes in. Heart pounding. Sweat percolating. Has been
dialog: practicing this for days now.
text: Fighting her nerves, she begins --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Two options. Follow my rules, or follow
dialog: my rules. Kapish? You want to bully,
dialog: you'd best be ready to get bullied --
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Thanks.
text: Mia is taken aback.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I can do it another way --
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: No, thanks, that was great.
text: We linger on Mia for a moment, and then --
scene_heading: 48 EXT. PARKING LOT / INT. MIA'S CAR - DAY
text: Crestfallen, humiliated, Mia hurries to her car. Sees a voice-
text: mail on her cell. Plays it --
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM (O.S.)
dialog: Dad just helped me find Oxygen on the
dialog: guide! So exciting! So will you be
dialog: getting health insurance now?
text: Mia switches her phone off and drives. Clenches her jaw.
text: Turns left and sees a movie theater. The Rialto. Manages a
text: smile.
text: Something she can remain upbeat about...
dialog: Revision 34.
scene_heading: 49 INT. MIA'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Mia in her room, sorting through outfits. Slips into jeans --
speaker_heading: ALEXIS
dialog: Mia?
text: -- then spins around, startled. Alexis is at the door, eating
dialog: Fritos. Has been crying.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Greg's here...
text: Mia looks at Alexis -- completely confused. Then -- Greg steps
text: out behind Alexis. Waves to her.
speaker_heading: GREG
text: Hey... I'm parked out front. But we
dialog: should hurry, my brother just landed.
text: Mia looks at him, still confused. Then remembers.
speaker_heading: GREG (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you forget?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Shit. No. Yes. I'll change...
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It's ok.
text: Mia closes her door -- turns -- and we see her face. She's
text: crushed. She goes to call Sebastian -- then freezes.
text: Remembers something else. She never got his number...
text: We linger on her face, as, on his phone outside her door --
speaker_heading: GREG (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Josh! Yep, just picking Mia up now. Will
dialog: be there in twenty.
scene_heading: 50 INT. LIGHTHOUSE CAFE - NIGHT
text: Sebastian's playing a jam session. Excited, distracted. 10pm
dialog: can't come quickly enough.
scene_heading: 51 INT. JAR - NIGHT
text: Mia, in a green dress, with Greg, his brother JOSH, and
text: Josh's FIANCEE. The restaurant is posh, modern. Josh wears a
text: Brooks Brothers suit: he seems better-off than his brother.
dialog: Revision 35.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: That's right -- but now we've got a
text: surround-sound set-up, so it's like --
speaker_heading: FIANCEE
text: It's like being in a movie theater.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: It's better than going to a theater,
dialog: really. You know theaters these days --
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Oh, sure --
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: -- they're so dirty, and they're either
dialog: too hot or too cold, and there's always
text: people talking, which is just --
dialog: (his phone buzzes)
dialog: -- just so annoying, I mean you're trying
dialog: to watch a movie -- one second --
dialog: (opens phone)
dialog: Hello?...
text: His Fiancée smiles, looks at Greg and Mia, proud.
speaker_heading: FIANCEE
dialog: Probably work.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Yeah, I'll have to call you back.
dialog: (closes and pockets his phone)
dialog: So, yeah, we love it.
text: Awkward silence. Mia hasn't spoken a word.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. RIALTO MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: Sebastian paces. People shuffle in. He looks. No sign of Mia.
scene_heading: 53 INT. JAR - NIGHT
text: Midway through the meal.
text: Mia is bored, restless, uneasy.
speaker_heading: JOSH (CONT'D)
dialog: One word for you. Nicaragua.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: I've never heard anyone say that. Was it
dialog: amazing?
dialog: Revision 36.
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: Oh my God. A five-star jungle eco-resort.
dialog: It was unbelievable.
text: Mia stays quiet, in her own thoughts, the voices around her
text: fading away. And then she hears it -- coming from the
text: restaurant speakers, peeking out subtly at first: the melody
dialog: we now know so well... Her and Sebastian's song.
text: She FREEZES. The radio music seems to have morphed into the
text: melody, and the tune stirs something deep within her...
text: A few seconds pass. And then she can't deny it any longer.
text: It's clear as day to her now. She rises from her seat --
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Mia?
text: -- looks at Greg --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: -- and -- as the sounds of a FULL ORCHESTRA swoop in --
text: -- RUNS out of the restaurant as fast as she can.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. JAR - NIGHT
text: The MUSIC SWELLS, strings carrying us through and lifting
text: Mia's spirits as she runs down the street in her green dress,
text: for once absolutely sure of what she's doing...
scene_heading: 55 INT. RIALTO MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: Inside the Rialto, Sebastian settling into his seat, the show
text: about to begin. He's visibly disappointed that he's alone. The
text: lights dim. Projector light cuts through the darkness. And
text: then, as the movie's credits start up, Sebastian spots, out of
text: the corner of his eye, a figure in the aisle...
text: He looks. The figure turns. Looks at him. It's Mia.
text: And, caught like a freeze-frame in the projector light, her
text: green dress incandescent, the giant movie screen behind her
text: like a great piece of back-projection, she looks more beautiful
text: than ever right now. A true old-fashioned screen siren.
text: Sebastian's eyes go wide. He's surprised. And thrilled. He
text: waves. Mia hurries toward him. Takes the seat next to his,
text: as Rebel Without a Cause begins...
dialog: Revision 37.
scene_heading: 56 INT. RIALTO MOVIE THEATER - LATER
text: Half an hour has passed. The movie plays, lights flickering
text: on Mia and Sebastian's darkened faces.
text: He puts his arm on the armrest, she moves hers nervously.
text: He scoots to his right, she scoots back.
text: She edges her elbow onto the armrest, he moves his arm.
text: Inch by inch, their bodies grow closer. Hands approaching,
text: breaths quickening, hearts pounding...
text: ...until finally their hands touch...
dialog: And then, suddenly -- just as James Dean and Natalie Wood
text: arrive at Griffith Observatory, and Mia and Sebastian seem
text: about to kiss --
text: -- burn marks streak their way across the image.
text: The screen goes blank.
text: Silence. The lights go on. Mia and Sebastian turn around.
text: AUDIENCE MEMBERS start murmuring. Sebastian can barely
dialog: believe his bad luck.
text: But then Mia turns to him. Energized.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I have an idea.
scene_heading: 57 EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Sebastian's car, traveling up a winding road, stars glittering
text: above it, the lights of Los Angeles glittering below it. The sky
text: is a deep, painted blue. Music plays... [PLANETARIUM]
text: The car is bending around the turns, making its way up to...
text: A57 ...the real Griffith Observatory. There, our MUSIC crests.
text: Our two characters get out of the car and wander, searching
text: for an open entrance. They find one -- and sneak in...
scene_heading: 58 INT. GRIFFITH OBSERVATORY - CONTINUOUS
text: They ascend a staircase. Make their way past the exhibits --
text: the Tesla coil shooting off electric bolts.
text: They reach the pendulum, gaze up at the mural above it, look at
dialog: one another. Circle the pendulum, and then -- so tenderly, so
dialog: nervously...
dialog: Revision 38.
text: ...they begin to DANCE.
dialog: This is a dance that fulfills all the promise in their
text: earlier duet. They circle the floor, gently and gracefully.
text: The music BUILDS, and they drift into...
text: A58 ...the PLANETARIUM. It's darkened, empty. Mia removes her
text: shoes, feels the soft carpet under her feet. Turns on the
text: projector. The screen STARTS TO GLOW. She and Sebastian take
text: in the sight -- the STARS and GALAXIES...
text: Enchanted, they look at one another, the lights from the
text: screen reflected on their faces. They approach, as though
text: about to kiss... When --
text: -- Mia's shoes LIFT UP. Float toward the ceiling -- toward the
text: star-filled screen. She and Sebastian trade looks. Realize.
text: And then they too begin to FLOAT...
text: ...RISING from the floor, nothing stopping them. SOARING
text: past the views of comets and moons and nebulae. Eyes wide,
text: their emotions seized, as they HOLD EACH OTHER TIGHT...
text: And so unspools a gravity-free dance.
text: Mia and Sebastian SPIN and TWIRL through the planetarium as
dialog: though they themselves were in outer space, flying through
text: the cosmos. The music carries them higher and higher, and
text: their spirits likewise soar -- JOYOUS, EXUBERANT -- until,
dialog: finally...
text: ...the music SOFTENS.
text: Mia and Sebastian drift back to the floor like feathers. They
text: land on a pair of seats.
text: There, once again seated like audience members at a movie, they
text: turn and look into each other's eyes. The music picks back up
text: for the big finish, as the lovers lean in and -- in true movie-
dialog: movie old-Hollywood big-musical fashion --
text: -- LOCK LIPS.
text: It's their first kiss, and it's a kiss to remember -- full of
dialog: all the hope and yearning and terror and wonder of love's first
text: blush. A swoon-worthy kiss, with the orchestra soaring and the
text: camera swooping in to catch the embrace in all its glory.
dialog: On this triumphant moment...
dialog: ...we IRIS FADE OUT.
dialog: Revision 39.
speaker_heading: 59 OMIT
scene_heading: 60 INT. MIA'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Mia's scribbling in a notebook. It's dialogue. We see character
text: headings, scene headings. Seems to be some kind of a script...
speaker_heading: TRACY (O.S.)
dialog: What's that?
text: Mia turns. Tracy has wandered in -- pajamas, eating cereal.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that a script?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: It's a play. I'm going to put it on myself.
speaker_heading: ALEXIS (O.S.)
dialog: (chiming in from her bedroom)
dialog: A play? You better give us roles!
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Actually -- it's a -- it's a one-woman
dialog: show...
dialog: A beat -- and then --
text: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHT.
text: HONKING outside the nearest window. It's a honk we recognize:
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: ...Is that gonna happen every time?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (glowing)
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: A60 OMIT
scene_heading: 61 EXT. MIA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Mia dashes out -- and LEAPS into Sebastian's car and into his
text: arms. They KISS -- giddy, emotional, as though they'd been
text: separated for years. Sebastian drives off -- when --
speaker_heading: MIA (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It's one-way!!
text: The car SCREECHES to a stop in front of a TRUCK going the
text: opposite direction. Sebastian goes into REVERSE as Mia cracks
text: up laughing. A BURST OF MUSIC as a title card pops on:
dialog: Revision 40.
speaker_heading: SUMMER
text: The MUSIC carries us through the following series of GLIMPSES:
text: 62 -- Mia and Sebastian ambling past weathered 30's bungalows in
dialog: BUNKER HILL...
text: 63 -- Mia guiding Sebastian down a street peppered with SILENT-
text: ERA HOMES, past old gas-lamps and palms...
text: 65 -- VAN BEEK. Sebastian gestures to the "TAPAS &amp; TUNES" sign.
text: Excitedly tries to deface it. Mia, aghast, pulls him back...
text: 66 -- The HUNTINGTON GARDENS, where Mia and Sebastian gaze at
dialog: the tiny forest...
text: A66 -- WATTS TOWERS, where the two lovers stroll and kiss...
speaker_heading: 67 OMIT
text: 64 -- The GRAND CENTRAL MARKET, where they grab food...
text: 68 -- ANGEL'S FLIGHT at night, where they stumble and slip into
text: a tipsy, love-soaked dance...
speaker_heading: 69 OMIT
text: Interspersed throughout, WE SEE IMAGES OF LOS ANGELES:
text: 1940's high-rises, green movie-movie lettering, ochre walls
text: shaded by palm fronds, red flowers and Spanish missions, old
text: lamps and Art Deco hotels. It's a gorgeous city, and the music
text: only makes it more gorgeous -- building and carrying us to...
scene_heading: 70 INT. LIGHTHOUSE CAFE - NIGHT
text: A Lighthouse JAM SESSION. Sebastian's at the keys, having a
text: blast. The place is again mostly empty, but Mia is dancing her
text: heart out. She shoots looks at Sebastian. He laughs, plays out
text: for her. The two of them are in their own world -- one of pure,
text: unadulterated JOY...
text: The song ends. Sebastian rises, joins Mia. They sit down as
text: the band strikes up a new tune, and kiss.
speaker_heading: KEITH (O.S.)
dialog: Sebastian?
text: Mia and Sebastian look up, startled. A YOUNG MAN, 35, is
text: standing next to them. Tall, fierce eyes. This is KEITH.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Keith?
dialog: Revision 41.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Holy shit. Come here, man.
text: Sebastian gets up. Gives him a hug. But Mia can sense an
text: unease in Sebastian's eyes. It's a strained hug.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: This is Mia. Mia, Keith.
dialog: (explaining to Mia)
dialog: We used to play together.
speaker_heading: KEITH MIA
dialog: Hey, Mia. Hey...
text: Sebastian sits back down. Wants to end the conversation.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: So how've you been?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Great. You?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Keeping busy. Got a new combo.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Good for you.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: ...Looking for keys.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I'm good.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: You sure? It pays.
text: Sebastian looks at Keith. A moment.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'm good.
text: Keith almost smiles. Expected this.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Let's just grab a drink then. Call me.
dialog: It's been too long.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You bet.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Nice meeting you, Mia.
dialog: Revision 42.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Nice meeting you.
text: Keith walks off. Mia and Sebastian look at each other. Then --
scene_heading: 71 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON MIA. She looks anxious. CLOSE ON Sebastian. He looks
text: head-over-heels in love.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: It's beautiful.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: ...You're just saying that.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: No... I'm not.
text: We PULL BACK -- and see a script on Mia's lap. She's just
dialog: finished reading Sebastian her play.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I don't know... Is the whole thing too
dialog: nostalgic?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: That's the point.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: But do you think people will like it?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Fuck `em.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You always say that.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I truly believe it.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Fine -- as long as you sit front-row
dialog: `cause I'll probably throw up on the
text: middle of the stage otherwise.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'll be front-row.
text: Mia looks at him. Smiles. It genuinely means the world to
text: her. Then, a glow in her eyes, wants to reciprocate --
dialog: Revision 43.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I made something for you.
text: She hops off the bed, fishes through a bag. Pulls out a
dialog: drawing.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MIA
text: It could be the name design. On the door.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Why does it say "Seb's"?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: That's what you should name it.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Sebastian, no one's going to a club called
dialog: "Chicken on a Stick".
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You don't get it. Charlie Parker got the name
dialog: "Bird" because he loved chicken. So my club's
dialog: gonna be old-school jazz and beer and
dialog: chicken. "Chicken on a Stick".
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No. Drop the chicken. Drinks and jazz.
dialog: (he rolls his eyes)
dialog: And it's time to start looking for other
dialog: places.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: It's gotta be Van Beek. I can't let them
dialog: samba all over its history.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Make your own history.
text: Sebastian looks at her. Appreciates that line. A beat. Then --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Your play's incredible.
text: Mia smiles. He approaches her, sits by her side.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The whole world from your bedroom? Who's
dialog: doing that?
dialog: Revision 44.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm doing that.
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: So who was that guy at the Lighthouse?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...Which guy?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: The one who offered you a gig.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You mean Keith? He's the worst.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Why was it weird between you two?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: It's always weird with him.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: He did offer you a job.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Right...
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Are you going to call him?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: No.
dialog: A beat.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Ok...
text: A moment passes. They lie down, side by side.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Here's what we know. It's definitely
dialog: Chicken on a Stick --
dialog: (Mia rolls her eyes)
dialog: -- and your play is going to be a
dialog: triumph.
text: She looks at him. He looks at her. A shared smile.
dialog: And on that --
dialog: Revision 45.
scene_heading: 72 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: The next morning. Sebastian is in bed. Hears snatches of Mia's
text: voice -- she's on her phone in the other room:
speaker_heading: MIA (O.S.)
dialog: ...No, Mom, it's a one-woman show... No,
dialog: I'm acting in it as well... No, I'm not
dialog: getting paid, I'm paying to do it...
dialog: (then,)
dialog: He's great... He's going to open his own
dialog: jazz club. It's going to be incredible...
dialog: (beat; then, softer --)
dialog: Well he has to get the money together
dialog: first, and... He's figuring it out...
dialog: Yeah, it's just been a little tricky
dialog: lately...
text: Sebastian listens. Takes it in.
speaker_heading: MIA (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Look -- he's going to find a way to open
dialog: it and you're going to love it. Ok? How's
dialog: Dad?
dialog: On Sebastian. He thinks...
scene_heading: 73 INT. REHEARSAL SPACE - DAY
text: Sebastian enters. Keith's combo is assembled.
text: It's a sign-up practice room in the West Valley. There's a
dialog: drummer, electric bassist, and trumpeter: COLE, MALCOLM and
text: TOM. They're more polished in their looks than Sebastian.
text: Well-groomed beards, tighter jeans.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Sebastian.
text: Sebastian approaches.
speaker_heading: KEITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Didn't know if I'd see you today.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (a bit awkward)
dialog: Well... Here I am.
text: A moment. Then --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Where's the piano?
text: Keith gestures -- to an electronic keyboard. Sebastian winces.
dialog: Revision 46.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Here's the deal. We've got distribution
dialog: with Universal, got our own imprint.
dialog: We're about to go on the road. We can cut
dialog: you in for 1K a week while we tour, plus
dialog: an equal share of any merchandise or
dialog: ticket revenue that comes in. Sound good?
text: We see Sebastian's face. Taken aback.
speaker_heading: KEITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Sebastian?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah, that...that...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...sounds good.
text: A moment. Keith smiles.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Let's play, see how it feels.
text: He pulls out a guitar. Cole starts on drums. Keith joins in.
text: Malcolm and Tom follow suit. Sebastian listens. It sounds like
text: modern jazz -- electronic in feel, but still jazz...
text: Sebastian approaches the keyboard. Joins -- slowly, one step
text: at a time. Then begins playing out a bit more, his fingers
text: starting to race. Malcolm gives Keith a look: "Damn". Keith
text: gives Malcolm a look back: "I told you so." Bit by bit,
text: Sebastian eases into the groove. This isn't so bad...
text: Then -- Keith moves to a LAPTOP. Introduces a DRUM-MACHINE
speaker_heading: SAMPLE.
text: Sebastian, into the music, is caught off-guard. Uneasy now.
dialog: This isn't him...
text: Keith plays a riff on his guitar. Tom echoes it on bass, then
text: Malcolm on trumpet. Now it's Sebastian's turn. He hesitates.
text: And then -- finally -- he plays the riff...
text: It doesn't feel so bad. The guys build on the riff. Sebastian
text: keeps up with them, trying to let go of his presuppositions.
dialog: After all -- these guys can play...
text: The music builds, the whole thing swelling and finally
text: CARRYING US TO --
text: A73 LATER: Sebastian and Keith sit across from each other as
text: the other players pack up. Sebastian looks pensive. Noticing --
dialog: Revision 47.
speaker_heading: KEITH (CONT'D)
dialog: I know. It's different.
text: Sebastian stays silent. Then, leaning in --
speaker_heading: KEITH (CONT'D)
dialog: But you say you want to save jazz. How
dialog: are you going to save jazz if no one's
dialog: listening? Jazz wouldn't exist if people
dialog: hadn't gotten tired of what they were
text: listening to before.
dialog: (then,)
dialog: I mean, do you really think a bunch of
text: ninety-year-olds in a basement is the
dialog: future of the form? Traditionalists whined
dialog: when Kenny Clarke started dropping bombs.
dialog: If traditionalists had their way, we'd
dialog: still be playing Dixieland.
text: Sebastian considers this. As much as he might make a play of
text: resisting -- we can tell the words are getting to him...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're holding onto the past. But jazz is
dialog: about the future.
text: A moment. Then --
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: I get it. I got it wrong. Last guy wasn't
dialog: as good as you. But you're a pain in the
dialog: ass, man.
text: Sebastian nods. Knows he can't argue with that.
dialog: Another beat.
speaker_heading: KEITH (CONT'D)
dialog: If it's not your thing, just let me know.
dialog: I don't want you uncomfortable and trying
dialog: to change this into something it's not.
dialog: But if you want it -- the job's yours.
text: Sebastian looks at Keith. A moment. He's really weighing
text: this. And on that -- his look of uncertainty -- we're --
speaker_heading: 74 OMIT
speaker_heading: 75 OMIT
speaker_heading: 76 OMIT
speaker_heading: 77 OMIT
dialog: Revision 48.
scene_heading: 77pt INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - DUSK
text: The door opens. Mia enters. Takes a deep breath. Hears piano.
text: Steps forward and sees Sebastian at his piano -- playing a
text: melody we've heard before. [CITY OF STARS AS DUET]
text: She smiles. Sebastian begins to SING. Mia sits down beside
text: him and begins to SING as well. They share a duet -- simple,
text: unaffected, hopeful -- the music just perhaps suggesting
dialog: their uncertainty about what they might be about to do...
text: As the vocals give way to instrumentation, we're --
speaker_heading: A77 OMIT
speaker_heading: B77 OMIT
speaker_heading: C77 OMIT
scene_heading: 78 INT. DINER - DAY
text: Sebastian and Keith hunched over paperwork. Sebastian signs...
scene_heading: A78 INT. COFFEE SHOP / STUDIO LOT - DAY
text: Mia handing the Manager her apron. She's done with the job...
scene_heading: 80 INT. PRACTICE SPACE - DAY
text: The band rehearsing in their new PRACTICE SPACE. We see
dialog: Sebastian play, see Keith sing this time...
scene_heading: 79 INT. CAFE - DAY
text: Mia hunched over her script, obsessively fine-tuning it...
speaker_heading: 81 OMIT
speaker_heading: 82 OMIT
scene_heading: 83 INT. DESIGNER CLOTHING STORE - DAY
text: Sebastian gets dressed up in a new suit...
scene_heading: 84 INT. BLACK-BOX THEATER - DAY
text: We follow Mia through a BLACK-BOX THEATER in North Hollywood.
text: The space is small, simple -- but perfect. We see her haggle
text: with the OWNER -- and then light up. They shake hands...
scene_heading: 85 INT. GREEN ROOM - EVENING
text: Sebastian and the band in a green room, waiting. Sebastian's
text: wearing the new suit. Looking sharper...
dialog: Revision 49.
scene_heading: 86 INT. VINTAGE SHOP - DAY
text: Mia looking for PROPS. Another wild assortment -- a TOP HAT,
text: a CANE, a DIORAMA of London, rolled-up MAPS, an old GLOBE...
speaker_heading: 87 OMIT
scene_heading: 88 INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: We MOVE IN on a laptop. On it a YOUTUBE video plays -- an
dialog: interview with Sebastian, Keith and the rest of the band...
scene_heading: 89 EXT. RIALTO - DAY
text: Mia drives by the Rialto theater. It's now CLOSED...
scene_heading: 90 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Mia sits on the floor, penciling out drawings for her play.
text: Costume and poster sketches scattered by her feet. She's
text: tired. The clock on the wall reads: 10:54pm.
scene_heading: A90 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Mia gets into bed. Checks her phone. Turns off the light.
scene_heading: B90 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAWN
text: Sebastian enters the apartment. Checks his reflection in the
text: mirror -- a new addition. The clock reads: 4:57am.
scene_heading: C90 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - DAWN
text: Sebastian gets into bed, careful not to wake Mia.
scene_heading: D90 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Mia crosses through to the kitchen to get herself breakfast,
text: careful not to wake Sebastian. The clock: 7:02am.
scene_heading: E90 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Sebastian in bed, fast asleep. And WE RETURN TO...
scene_heading: F90 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - DUSK
text: ...Mia and Sebastian at the piano, before this latest journey
text: began, finishing their song. The last lyrics resonating as
text: they look into one another's eyes:
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN MIA
dialog: City of stars... You've never shined so
text: brightly.
dialog: Revision 50.
text: On that -- this image of love, Sebastian playing out the
text: final chords on his piano -- WE GO DARK.
text: All sound fades out. And then, we hear --
text: -- a CROWD CHEERING. [START A FIRE]
text: We see -- a white spotlight. It reveals Sebastian. We're --
scene_heading: 91 INT. THE ECHO - NIGHT
text: Sebastian is on-stage. He's the only musician we can see. The
text: floor beyond the stage is FILLED with people.
text: Among them, we spot Mia -- beaming with pride. Sebastian sees
text: her, smiles to her as he plays a piano intro. Mia grins right
text: back, heart swelling...
text: A SECOND SPOTLIGHT turns on, illuminating Keith. He SINGS. He
text: has a beautiful voice. Mia bobs her head. It's just Keith and
text: Sebastian right now, all acoustic, a simple, catchy tune...
text: And then -- suddenly -- a DRUM MACHINE SURGES IN -- and --
text: BOOM! The entire CLUB is lit up as the MUSIC EXPLODES. A full-
text: fledged dance beat and a thick radio-ready electronic track.
text: Mia is taken aback. But she keeps bobbing her head -- as the
text: crowd around her GOES CRAZY...
text: Keith owns the stage, as Sebastian plays out more -- now
text: switched to an electronic keyboard, complete with synth
text: sounds. We recognize fragments of melody from when Keith and
text: Sebastian first rehearsed -- but the tune has been
text: transformed beyond recognition. Not a hint of jazz...
text: Keith breaks into the CHORUS -- and a TRIO OF BACKUP SINGERS
text: are revealed stage-left. The band surges into the song's
text: bridge -- and BACKUP DANCERS appear stage-right, scantily-
text: clad.
text: And then -- the lights go NUTS. It's a full-out LIGHT SHOW
text: now, shafts of red, blue, green and orange cutting through
text: the dark. The crowd starts CHEERING, pumping their fists...
text: Mia looks at Sebastian. He's not fighting any of this. He
text: sees her. She smiles. But something is changing in her
dialog: expression...
text: She looks at the lights, the singers, the dancers, Sebastian
text: and his bandmates in matching magazine-cover-ready outfits.
text: She looks at the crowd around her -- their hollers growing
text: more and more frenzied as Sebastian launches into a prolonged
dialog: SOLO...
dialog: Revision 51.
text: Mia looks back at him, takes it all in: Is this really him...?
text: As the mass of people swells and moves, Mia finds herself
text: PUSHED TO THE SIDE, bit by bit, away from the center...
text: She tries to hold her ground, but is edged FURTHER AND
text: FURTHER AWAY. Sebastian, deep in his solo, doesn't notice.
text: Mia tugs against the tide of the crowd, but to no avail.
text: She's pushed to the back of the club, away from the lights
dialog: and into shadow...
text: The final chorus begins -- floor-shaking, fist-pounding. We
text: linger on Mia's face -- watching as the band feverishly tear
text: into their climactic bars, the dancers on-stage and the crowd
text: below busting out one last burst of CRAZED CHOREOGRAPHY --
text: ending the song just as we SMASH CUT TO A TITLE CARD OVER
text: BLACK:
speaker_heading: FALL
dialog: Silence.
text: We take a moment to collect ourselves before --
speaker_heading: 92 OMIT
scene_heading: 93 EXT. / INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - LOS ANGELES - DAY
text: CLOSE on Mia. She looks tired. A bit weathered. She's nursing a
text: green tea across from Laura. They've finished eating.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Look at him -- watch --
text: Mia glances out the window. A MAN in his early 40's has just
text: parked, is walking around his car, inspecting it.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
text: Now he's going to check the other window.
dialog: Yep, it's closed. Now he's going to check
dialog: again. Yep, still closed.
text: Mia smiles. The MAN enters the restaurant -- greets Mia -- and
text: kisses Laura. This is HARRY. Her new boyfriend.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey. I'm grabbing some pastries, you two
dialog: want anything?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Thanks Harry, I'm good.
dialog: Revision 52.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Same here but I think someone's trying to
dialog: break into your car.
text: Harry rolls his eyes, heads to the front. Laura looks at Mia.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't stress about the play. Where's Seb now?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I think today's San Diego. I'm not sure...
text: A moment passes.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You should come over tonight. Harry's
dialog: cooking, but don't let that stop you.
dialog: (Mia manages a smile; a beat)
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Nothing...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You miss him.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I guess. I'm adapting.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (nods; then,)
dialog: I got used to being alone. Growing up it
dialog: was just me and Seb. We only had each other.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: He told me.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I wasn't looking for anybody. Then I met
dialog: Harry and -- we just fit...
dialog: (Mia smiles)
dialog: You've changed Seb. You know that?
text: Laura means it positively -- but Mia seems concerned...
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Do you think he's happy?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Is he happy?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I mean with the band, the travel, all of it.
dialog: Revision 53.
text: Laura shrugs.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Our dad never got to do what he wanted.
dialog: We were always treading water, he took a
dialog: job running a washer-dryer store. But
dialog: every night at home he'd play his
text: clarinet along to a Benny Goodman record.
dialog: (a beat)
text: So I look at Sebastian... Playing music,
dialog: getting paid for it. I'm happy for him.
text: She notices Harry through the window, returning. Her thoughts
dialog: drift.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dreams change.
text: A beat. She looks back at Mia. Sees her worry.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't overthink it. He'll be home soon.
text: Harry rejoins the table. Hands Laura a sponge cake.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you not to get me anything!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, right -- I'll eat it I guess.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No -- I changed my mind.
text: They laugh. Kiss. Tender. Loving. Mia watches...
scene_heading: 94 INT. DINER - NIGHT
text: Mia eats, her laptop next to her meal. She takes a bite, types.
text: We see her screen -- an e-mail draft, glimpses of words: "one-
dialog: woman show", "one night only", "7pm", "I would be thrilled..."
text: She thinks. Picks up her phone. Dials Sebastian. Waits. No
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Hey it's me... Not sure where you are --
dialog: maybe Boston? Or Dallas? Anyway... I
dialog: haven't heard from you in a while... I
dialog: miss you...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Ok... Bye...
text: She hangs up. Resumes typing.
dialog: Revision 54.
scene_heading: 95 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT COMPLEX / APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Mia walks through the courtyard. Reaches the door. Then hears
text: something... Music -- LOUD, FAST JAZZ...
text: She enters -- has to jostle the door handle to do so --
text: -- and then freezes in place. Sebastian is sashaying around a
text: fully-decked table, lighting candles as he moves. He looks
text: up, sees her -- and grins.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Surprise.
text: She lights up. He lifts up silver serving trays, revealing
text: what he's cooked. Roast chicken. Pasta.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And...
dialog: (he hurries to the kitchen --
dialog: and holds up a big apple pie)
dialog: There's twenty-five pounds of apples in
dialog: it. It probably destroyed an ecosystem
dialog: but it tastes good.
text: Mia laughs. Can't believe it. Sebastian looks at her --
dialog: sincere now.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to head back in the morning but I
dialog: needed to see you.
text: Mia's eyes seem almost on the brink of tears. Beyond moved,
text: she runs into Sebastian's arms. A LONG, HEARTFELT KISS...
scene_heading: 96 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: CLOSE ON: The record player. An old jazz track. We see Mia and
text: Sebastian seated at the table -- eating, drinking, laughing.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Feels so good to be home.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Stay.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: How's the play going?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm nervous.
dialog: Revision 55.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Because...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What if people show up?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Fuck `em!
text: Laughter. Then --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're nervous about what they think?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm nervous to be up on a stage and
dialog: perform in front of people. I'm
text: terrified.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: They should be so lucky to see it.
dialog: (then,)
dialog: It's going to be incredible. I can't
dialog: wait.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I can.
text: A smile. Beat.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: What time do you leave in the morning?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: 6:45.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Ugh.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yep. Boise.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Boise?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: You should come.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: To Boise?
dialog: Revision 56.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah, you could knock that off your
dialog: bucket list.
text: Mia laughs.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Wish I could.
dialog: A beat.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Why can't you?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Come to Boise?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Because I have to rehearse.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Can't you rehearse anywhere?
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: You mean anywhere you are?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...I -- I guess...
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Well, all my stuff is here and my show's
dialog: in a few weeks and -- I don't know, it
dialog: doesn't seem practical...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Right... I just -- we're going to have to
dialog: do things so we can see each other. We
dialog: never see each other.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I know, but when are you done?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: When are you done with the tour?
dialog: Revision 57.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: But -- as soon as we're done with the
dialog: tour we go back and record, and then we
dialog: go back on tour.
text: Mia looks at him. Doesn't seem to understand.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We tour so we can make the record, and
dialog: then we go back on tour to sell the
dialog: record.
text: Beat. Mia takes this in.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: So it's...the long haul?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...What does that mean?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I mean the long haul -- like, you're
dialog: going to be in this band for a long time.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What did you think I was going to do?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I don't know, I didn't think the band
dialog: would --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You didn't think we'd be successful.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No, that's not what I meant. What I meant
dialog: was -- this band -- you're going to be on
dialog: the road for -- what, years now?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah, feasibly -- I could be on the road
dialog: for years with just this record.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Do you like the music you're playing?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I don't know how that matters.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: It matters if you're going to give up
dialog: your dream to be on the road for years.
dialog: Revision 58.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Do you like the music I'm playing?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Yes. I do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just didn't think you did.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah, well, I --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: And now I hear you're going to be on the
dialog: road for years, and I'm --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What are you doing? Why are you doing
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: What do you mean why am I doing this?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: This is what you wanted from me.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: To be in this band?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: To have a steady job.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Yes, I wanted you to have a job so you
dialog: could take care of yourself and start
dialog: your club.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: So I'm doing that. So why aren't we
dialog: celebrating?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Why aren't you starting your club?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You said yourself no one wants to go to
dialog: that club! No one wants to go to a club
dialog: called Chicken on a Stick --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Change the name!
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: -- and no one likes jazz. Not even you.
dialog: Revision 59.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I do like jazz now, because of you.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (not listening to her)
dialog: What am I supposed to do? Go back to
dialog: playing "Jingle Bells" so I can save
dialog: money for some Shangri-La club no one
dialog: wants to go to?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: People will want to go to it! People love
dialog: what other people are passionate about.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Not in my experience.
text: A beat. Mia realizes she's getting nowhere. A moment of
dialog: quiet. Then --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway -- it's time to grow up. You know?
dialog: This is what I'm doing. If you had a
dialog: problem, I wish you would've said
dialog: something earlier, before I signed on the
text: dotted line.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (trying again)
dialog: You had a dream that you were sticking
dialog: to, that --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: This is the dream!
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: This is not your dream.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Guys like me go their whole lives and
dialog: never do anything that's liked. I'm
dialog: finally doing something that people
dialog: enjoy. What is wrong with that?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Why do you care so much about being liked
dialog: -- ?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (finally bursting--)
dialog: You're an actress, who are you to talk??
text: Silence. We suddenly realize --
dialog: Revision 60.
text: -- the LP has finished. You can hear the needle scratch
text: against it now -- back and forth, back and forth. Sebastian
text: looks at Mia.
text: A moment. Finally --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe you liked me more when I was a
dialog: failure because it made you feel better
dialog: about yourself.
text: Mia looks back at him. Can't believe he said that. Tears
text: starting to well in her eyes. She tries to suppress them.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Are you kidding?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: No.
text: They stare at each other.
text: Then -- all of a sudden -- the FIRE ALARM blares.
text: Sebastian turns and sees smoke billowing from the KITCHEN. A
text: dish in the oven has started to burn.
text: Sebastian rises, springs toward the kitchen -- then sees Mia
text: grabbing her things.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait --
text: But she's out the door. It slams shut, as Sebastian pulls the
text: burnt apple pie from the oven.
text: And on that -- WE SMASH CUT TO --
speaker_heading: 97 OMIT
scene_heading: 98 EXT. THEATER - DAY
text: A poster, placed on the front of the theater we saw before.
text: A title. A name below it: "MIA DOLAN." And a word: "TONIGHT."
text: We spot Mia, carrying a box of props. She enters the theater.
dialog: And we're --
scene_heading: 99 INT. THEATER - DAY
text: The empty theater. Dark. Silent. Then -- a light turns on.
text: Mia steps in. We stay WIDE. She seems small from this
text: vantage point, surrounded by her props and backdrops. She
text: takes a moment. Looks at all the empty seats.
dialog: Revision 61.
text: Takes a deep breath. Nervous. And then, nodding to herself --
text: you can do this -- she starts setting up...
scene_heading: 100 INT. PRACTICE SPACE - DAY
text: A BLAST of music. The Messengers have just finished a
text: rehearsal. Sebastian packs his stuff, heads toward the exit,
text: nodding to the others --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN COLE
dialog: See you tomorrow. See ya.
dialog: -- when --
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: You good for tonight, right?
text: Sebastian stops. Looks at Keith.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...Tonight?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Seven. The photo shoot.
dialog: (reading Sebastian's face, adding --)
dialog: Mojo.
text: A beat. Sebastian is confused.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I thought that was next Thursday.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: No. It's tonight.
text: We linger on Sebastian for a moment...
speaker_heading: KEITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that ok?
scene_heading: 101 EXT. REHEARSAL SPACE - DAY
text: Sebastian stands out front. Checks his watch. Thinks...
speaker_heading: 102 OMIT
scene_heading: 103 INT. THEATER / INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT
text: People are shuffling into the theater. We DRIFT BACKSTAGE.
text: Mia, now in a male suit and tie, watches behind a curtain.
text: Checks her phone. 7:04. Breathes in. Nervous, and alone...
text: She turns. Nods to the OWNER, off to the side. He heads to a
text: switch, and the lights GO DOWN.
dialog: Revision 62.
text: You can hear the murmurs beyond the curtain. The audience,
text: expecting. Mia tries to get her nerves under control. She can
text: do this... Sets her phone aside -- one last breath --
text: -- and walks out.
speaker_heading: 104 OMIT
speaker_heading: 105 OMIT
scene_heading: 106 INT. PHOTO STUDIO - NIGHT
text: LOUD MUSIC. It's the band's song, blaring from a speaker.
text: They're pantomiming -- the musicians styled and ready for
text: their close-ups. A PHOTOGRAPHER grabs shots.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Put a light on the drums... I need more
dialog: fill in this corner...
text: We ZERO IN on Sebastian. His hair sticks out at various
text: angles. An artfully-undone tie hangs from his neck. He
text: fake-plays, as Keith pretends to lay in sampled beats...
text: Keith, Tom, Malcolm, Cole -- they all grin, as excited as
text: kids. Sebastian looks at them -- then down at his
text: elaborate outfit, then back up at the Photographer
text: running around, then at his watch...
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Bass, head up. Piano, look down at the
dialog: keys.
text: Sebastian does as told, but his thoughts are elsewhere. The
text: Photographer moves in close, SNAPPING shots of just him --
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Cut the music. Turn the keyboard live.
dialog: Piano look up, play.
text: The track stops. Sebastian stops as well. The CLICKS of the
text: Photographer's camera loud now.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT'D)
dialog: No -- piano -- actually play something.
text: Sebastian is still. Then he starts to play a single melody
text: on the keys. We recognize it. The first notes of his and
dialog: Mia's song...
dialog: Revision 63.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Good, now bite your lip like you're
text: concentrating on a solo.
text: Beat. Sebastian stops. Silence. He stares ahead.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT'D)
dialog: That was good. Don't stop.
text: We PUSH IN on Sebastian...
scene_heading: 107 INT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: We're CLOSE on Mia. In ordinary clothes now.
text: Behind her is a wallpapered wall, and a small window. By
dialog: her side are the globe we saw in her room, and other little
text: trinkets: a pearl necklace, an old suitcase, a roll of
text: maps. Outside the window, projection of a starlit Parisian
text: night sky. Completely silent, Mia moves to a lamp, turns it
dialog: off.
text: We go BLACK.
text: Then -- the house lights go on. White, fluorescent. Thin
text: applause can be heard. Mia manages a smile, as we finally see --
text: -- that the theater is less than a quarter full.
text: Mia takes a bow. Peers out. One seat, in the front row, has a
text: "RESERVED" sign on it. The seat is empty.
speaker_heading: 108 OMIT
scene_heading: 109 INT. THEATER - DRESSING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mia slips inside, holding in her hurt. Starts collecting a
text: few outfits -- then overhears two AUDIENCE MEMBERS outside --
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #1 (O.S.)
dialog: I swear to God, if I have to hear one
dialog: more hipster waxing nostalgic I'm gonna
dialog: slit my wrists.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Seriously.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #1 (O.S.)
dialog: She's not even good. That window
dialog: thing...?
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Christ... Don't quit your day job...
dialog: Revision 64.
text: Laughter.
text: Mia freezes. The nail in the coffin. The voices fade. She
text: slides into a chair.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: Sebastian SPEEDING. Screeching to a stop. He's at Mia's THEATER.
text: He dashes out and runs to the door.
text: But it's locked. No one's in sight. Fuck.
text: He spins around, frantic -- when Mia appears from an adjacent
text: doorway, alone and carrying her box of props to her car.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Mia!
text: She turns. Sees him. He runs to her. WRAPS his arms around --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry --
text: -- and KISSES her. The kind of kiss that might once have
text: swept her off her feet. He starts to move with her...
text: ...starts to DANCE -- but --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Stop --
text: She pulls away. Steps back. Sebastian looks at her. Unmoored.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'm -- I'm sorry I missed it -- and I'm
dialog: sorry I was a dick and I -- I promise
dialog: I'll make it up to you --
speaker_heading: MIA
text: It's over.
text: She doesn't say the words with any anger. Just acceptance.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (a beat; then --)
dialog: ...What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm done embarrassing myself.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You didn't embarrass yourself...
dialog: Revision 65.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No one showed up. I can't even pay back
dialog: the theater.
text: She says this as though just realizing it. Sebastian looks
text: at her. A moment passes. He doesn't know what to say now.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm gonna go home for a while.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...This is home.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Not anymore.
text: Sebastian is silent now. A tear in his eye. He clenches his
text: jaw. Mia looks at him one more time, steps into her car, and
text: drives off.
text: Sebastian lingers. Doesn't move. Silence. Then, music. Soft,
dialog: melancholy, just piano, as...
speaker_heading: 111 OMIT
speaker_heading: A111 OMIT
text: ...WE DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 112 OMIT
scene_heading: 113 EXT. MIA'S CAR - DAY
text: Mia drives, boxes stacked in the back.
text: A113 She gets on the 405... Heading out of the city...
scene_heading: 114 EXT. / INT. MIA'S HOUSE - NEVADA - DUSK
text: Mia steps inside a modest house. Her MOM is by the door. Hugs
text: her. Her DAD stands by the hallway.
scene_heading: 115 INT. MIA'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - DUSK
text: Mia enters her old bedroom. Slides in a suitcase. Moves a couple
text: of boxes from the hall. Looks around. Old photos. Old soccer
text: trophies. She sits down on the bed. Takes a breath. And,
dialog: finally, we're...
scene_heading: 116 EXT. ORANGE GROVE - DAY
text: Laura and Harry's ENGAGEMENT PARTY. We're outside, in a sun-
text: dappled grove. A small gathering.
dialog: Revision 66.
text: Sebastian plays a baby grand piano -- the source, we realize,
dialog: of the music we've been hearing...
text: As he watches Laura dance with her new fiancé -- this woman he
dialog: has known for so many years as a romantic cynic, now once
dialog: again full of all the youthful innocence of first love -- his
text: thoughts seem to drift. The music comes to a close and...
text: 117 LATER: Sebastian with Laura, by the orange trees...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You remember the McKenzies?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Oh God, I didn't see them.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Yeah. They kept going, "oh Sebastian's so
dialog: handsome".
text: Sebastian smiles. Then --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You look beautiful.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I hope it was ok. I haven't played in a while.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: You were great
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're always great when you play.
text: Sebastian is silent. Then --
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Now -- listen to me. I want you to save
dialog: for a down payment. You understand? You
dialog: need a home.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yes ma'am.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'm not gonna be hovering anymore.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...You still think New York?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I think so. Maybe Boston. I don't know,
dialog: it's exciting...
text: Sebastian smiles again. Some calls from the distance --
dialog: Revision 67.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah I gotta -- the future in-laws...
text: She lights up. Likes the sound of that.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Is my...my hair...?
text: Sebastian, without a word, pulls a strand back. Laura smiles,
text: kisses him on the cheek. A quiet, tender moment. Then she
text: hurries off. Sebastian stands there. Watches...
text: WE FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 118 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: RINGING. Sebastian is awoken. Groaning, he rolls over. Lets
text: the phone ring. It keeps going. Endless... Finally, fed up, he
text: reaches for it. Answers --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Hi, I'm trying to reach Mia Dolan.
text: Sebastian is taken aback. He goes to hang up, saying just --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Wrong number.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2 (O.S.)
dialog: -- She's not answering her cell and I was
dialog: told I might find her here.
text: Sebastian pauses. Hurt by the mere mention of Mia's name --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah, well...not anymore.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Ok. If you do talk to her --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I won't.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2 (O.S.)
dialog: -- please tell her Jane at Amy Brandt
text: Casting is trying to reach her.
text: A beat. Sebastian sits up. Suddenly wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: "Casting"...?
dialog: Revision 68.
scene_heading: 119 INT. MIA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Dinner has just finished. Mia's Mom gives her a kiss --
speaker_heading: MIA'S MOM MIA
dialog: Night, sweetie. Night, Mom.
text: -- and heads off, as Mia and her Dad stay behind. Getting up
dialog: to scrape the dish --
speaker_heading: MIA'S DAD
dialog: You want some more rice?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm ok.
speaker_heading: MIA'S DAD
dialog: You look hungry.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm good...
text: A moment. Mia's Dad puts a few more dishes away, then sits
text: back down across from her.
speaker_heading: MIA'S DAD
dialog: It's fun having you back. Your mom
dialog: ditches me at ten.
text: Mia laughs. A moment.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: You took down the swing.
speaker_heading: MIA'S DAD
dialog: She made me.
text: A smile.
speaker_heading: MIA'S DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: I've still got all your old tapes.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Oh God. Throw those away.
speaker_heading: MIA'S DAD
dialog: Never.
text: Just then -- a loud, persistent HONK. Mia's Dad looks up,
text: eyebrow raised. Mia turns, hearing it as well. The HONKING
text: is nearby -- just outside...
text: Mia's thoughts suddenly sharpen. Ears perk up. She's heard the
text: honking before:
dialog: Revision 69.
text: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHT.
speaker_heading: MIA'S DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell...?
text: Disbelief on Mia's face. It can't be. She heads to the nearest
text: window. There -- at the corner, smack-dab in front of her
text: house -- is SEBASTIAN'S CAR.
text: A NEIGHBOR angrily yells at him. Sebastian sees Mia. They lock
dialog: eyes. And on that --
scene_heading: 120 EXT. MIA'S HOME / SEBASTIAN'S CAR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mia and Sebastian stand next to his car.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Why did you come here?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Because I have good news.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Ok...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Amy Brandt. The casting director.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I know who she is.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: She was at your play. And she loved it.
dialog: And she loved it so much that she wants
dialog: you to come audition for a huge movie
dialog: she's got.
text: He's brimming over with excitement. But Mia just shakes
text: her head.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm not going.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: ...Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm -- no... That will kill me.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Revision 70.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: So you're happy here?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I'm happier.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Why won't you come?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I told you.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I don't buy it.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (finally letting it out, fed up --)
dialog: Because it's another audition!
dialog: (a beat; then --)
dialog: I've been to hundreds of auditions. Do
dialog: you want to know what happens? Either
dialog: they interrupt me because someone ordered
dialog: a sandwich, or they cut me off after two
dialog: seconds, or I'm crying and they start
dialog: laughing, or I'm one of a hundred
text: lookalikes in the waiting room who never
dialog: has a chance, because --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- because --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Because what?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Because I'm probably not good enough.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yes you are.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No. Maybe I'm not.
dialog: A beat.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe I'm one of those people who's
dialog: always wanted to do it but never had a
dialog: chance. It's a pipe dream. Maybe it's
dialog: like you said. Maybe I need to grow up.
text: She hesitates. Continues --
dialog: Revision 71.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I can go back to school. I can find
dialog: something else that I'm supposed to do. I
dialog: left school to give it a shot, and it
dialog: didn't work out, and it took six years,
dialog: and I don't want to do it anymore.
dialog: Beat. But Sebastian isn't giving up.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Why what?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Why don't you want to do it anymore?
text: Mia thinks about this one for a moment.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: ...Because it hurts a little bit too
dialog: much.
text: Sebastian shakes his head. Nope. Won't accept this.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I told them you'd be there at five-thirty
dialog: tomorrow. I'll swing by here before I
dialog: drive back at eight. Either you'll be
dialog: outside or you won't.
text: With that, he gets back into his car. Mia is silent. Then --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: How did you find me?
text: Sebastian turns. Points. Matter-of-fact --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
text: The house across from the library.
text: He drives off. Mia looks up. There, sure enough, is the
text: LIBRARY, crouched on the corner. The library that once
dialog: helped set her on her path to acting.
text: She looks at it. Thinks...
scene_heading: 121 EXT. MIA'S STREET - NIGHT/DAY
text: Wide on the street. All is quiet. Night becomes morning...
dialog: Revision 72.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. MIA'S HOME - DAY
text: Sebastian's car pulls over. He sits there. Sips a coffee, a
text: second coffee in the holder. The time: 8:02.
text: A moment passes. He taps the wheel. Looks at the house. The
text: front door remains closed. No Mia. He leans back. Seems
text: worried. Closes his eyes, breathes out. We MOVE CLOSE on him.
text: He breathes in and out again...
text: He opens his eyes. 8:10. The door's still closed. Resigned,
text: he starts his car up, BEGINS TO PULL AWAY, when --
text: -- BAM! A KNOCK on the opposite window. He jumps.
text: It's Mia. She's just arrived at the car from the other side,
text: two just-bought cups of coffee and a bag of pastries in her
text: hands. A beat. Sebastian smiles. Then OPENS the door for her.
speaker_heading: 123 OMIT
scene_heading: 124 EXT. PARAMOUNT STUDIO LOT - DAY
text: A cloudy late afternoon. Mia and Sebastian slowly walk
text: through the lot together. They pass the New York street, the
text: murals and posters of classic Hollywood, the old Art Deco
text: ornaments and the big soundstages and backdrops. Neither says
dialog: a word...
scene_heading: 125 INT. WAITING LOBBY - DAY
text: Mia and Sebastian are seated. Waiting. The DOOR opens. An
text: ACTRESS exits. A second later --
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT #2
dialog: Mia?
text: Mia gathers her nerves. Gets up. And steps in.
scene_heading: 126 INT. AUDITION ROOM / INT. LOBBY - DAY
text: In the room is AMY BRANDT -- mid-forties. Seated behind her
dialog: is the director, FRANK.
speaker_heading: AMY BRANDT MIA
dialog: Hi, Mia. Hi.
speaker_heading: AMY BRANDT
dialog: I'm Amy, this is Frank. Glad we found you.
text: Mia nods. Smiles. A moment.
speaker_heading: AMY BRANDT (CONT'D)
text: The movie shoots in Paris. There's no script.
dialog: Revision 73.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We want to build the character with you.
dialog: It's a process. Three-month rehearsal,
dialog: four-month shoot.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: ...Ok.
speaker_heading: AMY BRANDT
dialog: So why don't you just tell us a story?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: ...About...?
speaker_heading: AMY BRANDT
dialog: About anything.
text: Mia nods again. A moment.
speaker_heading: AMY BRANDT (CONT'D)
dialog: Whenever you're ready.
text: Mia thinks. She takes a breath -- then goes silent again. It
dialog: seems she might be unsure what to do, might even be about to
dialog: choke the audition. We fear she may botch this completely...
text: A126 WE CUT TO THE LOBBY -- to Sebastian, hearing Mia's silence. On
dialog: edge... Worried...
text: B126 WE RETURN to the AUDITION ROOM... Brandt and Frank waiting...
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: My aunt lived in Paris for a bit... She
dialog: used to tell me these stories, when I was
dialog: growing up, about living abroad...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I remember -- she told me she jumped into
dialog: the Seine once...
text: She pauses, and then continues -- in SONG. [TRACK: AUDITION]
dialog: Yes, this audition is different than the rest, and the switch
text: to song signals just that. Mia's nerves fade away -- all the
text: accents and fakery of earlier auditions a distant memory. This
text: is Mia undisguised -- pure and stark and beautiful...
text: She uses the story of her aunt jumping into the river to
text: paint a portrait of all the dreamers in the world -- all the
dialog: people who are told they're nuts for pursuing their passion --
text: all the so-called "fools" who take the plunge. She sings
dialog: about them and for them. This is why Mia does what she does --
dialog: why she simply has no choice...
text: The song ends, and we linger on her for a moment. Then...
dialog: Revision 74.
text: ...WE DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 127 EXT. GRIFFITH PARK - DAY
text: Mia and Sebastian sit on a bench, the Observatory perched
text: behind them. The clouds have parted, and it's now a gorgeous
text: Los Angeles afternoon, minutes before dusk.
text: Sebastian looks at Mia. A moment passes.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: When do you find out?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: They said the next couple of days... But
dialog: I'm not expecting to find anything out.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're going to get it.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You are. I know these things.
dialog: A beat.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Where are we?
text: Sebastian looks at her.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Griffith Park.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I mean -- where are we?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I know...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I don't think we can do anything. Because
dialog: when you get this --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: If I get this --
dialog: Revision 75.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: When you get this -- you've got to give
dialog: it everything you've got.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's your dream.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I've got to follow my own plan. Stay
dialog: here. Get my own thing going. You know...
text: A moment. Mia nods. Sebastian looks at her again.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're going to be in Paris. Good jazz
dialog: there. And you love jazz now.
text: Mia smiles.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Right.
dialog: Another moment. And then, finally --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I guess we're just going to have to wait
dialog: and see.
text: Mia's eyes well up, just slightly, as she hears this. She
text: nods.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: You know I'm always going to love you.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'm always going to love you too.
text: Beat. Sebastian looks up at the Observatory.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at this view.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: I've seen better.
dialog: Revision 76.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Agreed.
text: They laugh.
text: Then, almost to herself --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I've never been here during the day.
text: Sebastian smiles. A moment.
text: We CUT TO WIDE. Sebastian and Mia sit side by side. We linger
text: here, our two characters framed by the white-and-green
text: Observatory, the rest of L.A. stretching out beyond.
dialog: And then, ever so slowly...
dialog: ...we FADE TO:
speaker_heading: WINTER
text: A palm tree, a cloudless sky. We PULL BACK -- to reveal it's
dialog: all painted...
scene_heading: 128 EXT. STUDIO LOT - DAY
text: We're on a studio lot, looking at one of the old painted
text: backdrops, of a palm tree and sky. A new title card:
dialog: Five years later...
text: We TILT down to the studio's entryway. A CAR enters.
text: A WOMAN steps out. We don't see her face. We FOLLOW her from
text: behind. She walks elegantly, poised. The wind picks up a
text: strand of her hair. She makes her way down side-streets we've
text: seen before, past Parisian-style façades. Then enters a
text: COFFEE SHOP we recognize...
scene_heading: 129 INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: The eyes inside all look the WOMAN's way. She reaches the
text: counter -- and we finally SEE HER FACE:
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Hi... Iced coffee, please.
text: MIA looks different. Different haircut, different way of
dialog: handling herself.
text: The BARISTA hurries to get Mia's order. We recognize this as
text: the shop where Mia used to work. A man who appears to be the
text: NEW MANAGER gives Mia the coffee --
dialog: Revision 77.
speaker_heading: NEW MANAGER
dialog: On us.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No, no, that's fine.
text: Mia hands over a few dollar bills. Then drops another bill into
text: the tip jar. The Barista smiles.
scene_heading: 130 EXT. COFFEE SHOP - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mia exits the coffee shop...and is met by a CREW MEMBER on a
text: GOLF CART. She gets on the cart -- and is driven away...
text: CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON hands on piano keys, fluttering across the ivories.
text: We PULL BACK: it's SEBASTIAN. We're in...
scene_heading: 131 INT. JAZZ CLUB - DAY
text: ...a small jazz club. Simple, tasteful, cool. Stone arches in
text: 1940's style. The seats close to the band, the piano in the
text: center. The club has the same old-school character as the
text: Lighthouse -- but it's not run-down. It's polished, inviting.
text: The place is empty save for Sebastian and an EMPLOYEE. It's
text: before-hours. Sebastian finishes playing. Feels out the
text: lowest keys once more, then the highest. Then turns and --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Alright, I'm done.
dialog: (gets up)
dialog: Harris did a nice job with it.
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: Took him long enough.
text: Sebastian smiles.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
text: No one touches the instruments. Carson's
text: coming an hour early to test levels.
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: I got a check for you to sign.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: How'd we do last month?
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: Not too bad.
dialog: Revision 78.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (as he signs the check)
dialog: Not too bad is great.
dialog: (taps the Employee on the
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: See you tonight.
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: See you tonight.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. CHATEAU MARMONT - DAY
text: Mia pulls into the driveway.
scene_heading: 133 INT. ROOM - CHATEAU MARMONT - DAY
text: She steps inside. Flowers and cards. We glimpse cursive
text: "CONGRATULATIONS" written on a few of them. A stack of scripts
text: on a nearby table. Her name visible. She drops her things,
text: spots someone, goes in to kiss him. A long, tender, loving
text: embrace, as we pull back...
dialog: ...and see that it's not Sebastian.
text: It's a MAN we haven't seen before: DAVID, mid-thirties. He
text: and Mia kiss again. And, running over and grabbing Mia's leg,
text: is a TWO-YEAR-OLD GIRL...
scene_heading: 134 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Sebastian steps in. The place is more habitable than his old
text: digs. Fully furnished, warm and welcoming. He heads to the
text: kitchen, pulls out some pork cutlets he's been thawing. We see,
text: sitting on the counter, a Christmas card with a photo attached:
text: Laura, Harry, and a FOUR-YEAR-OLD BOY, all gathered on a couch
text: and smiling at the camera.
scene_heading: 135 INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: Sebastian eats his meal, in a new shirt and pants. Checks
text: his watch.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. JAZZ CLUB - DAY
text: Sebastian pulls up outside the club. New car, same style.
text: Gets out and passes by a movie poster as he walks. We
text: can't see the title, but we can catch a glimpse of a face
text: on it.
dialog: It's MIA...
scene_heading: 137 INT. JAZZ CLUB - NIGHT
dialog: We're back in the club.
dialog: Revision 79.
text: It's bustling now -- the BARTENDERS setting up, DOORMEN
text: coming in, MUSICIANS sound-checking. Sebastian enters, the
text: musicians greet him --
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: King Seb!
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Hothouse Eddie -- miss me?
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
text: Like the desert misses the rain.
text: And then -- we see a SAXOPHONIST we recognize. One of the old
dialog: Lighthouse players.
speaker_heading: SAXOPHONIST
dialog: Seb -- Edgar's bringing his horn tonight.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah? Tell him to tune it, huh?
speaker_heading: SAXOPHONIST
dialog: That's not Edgar.
text: Laughs, pats on the back.
scene_heading: 138 INT. ROOM - CHATEAU MARMONT - NIGHT
text: Mia, in a new outfit, crosses the living area and grabs her
text: purse and jacket. David is by the door, jacket on as well.
text: Mia bends back around a sofa, where the GIRL we saw before is
text: seated next to a nineteen-year-old baby-sitter, CHELSEA.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Bye, sweetie. You be nice to Chelsea.
text: The Girl nods. Mia kisses her forehead. Heads to the door.
speaker_heading: CHELSEA
dialog: Bye, Mrs. Dolan.
speaker_heading: 139 OMIT
scene_heading: 140 INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: David drives, Mia seated beside him. They're on the 101.
text: Gridlock traffic up ahead.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What if we miss this? What do we tell
dialog: Natalie?
dialog: Revision 80.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: We can just see it back in New York...
text: David nods. Looks at the time on the car. 8:06.
scene_heading: 141 INT. CAR - LATER
text: Mia and David are seated. Still not moving. Mia looks at the
dialog: clock again: 8:27.
speaker_heading: MIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to just skip it...? Turn off
dialog: here and get dinner?
text: David looks at her. Smiles.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Alright...
scene_heading: 142 EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: Mia and David walk down a street. A few open restaurants and
text: bars, a few other closed storefronts. A lot of old, weathered
text: buildings: 1930's stucco, Art Deco signs.
text: Then -- David's ears perk up. He hears something. MUSIC...
text: He looks around. Doesn't see the source. Heads to the end of
text: the block, then sees, just up ahead, a few people entering a
text: building. Seems to be where the music's coming from...
text: Mia heads over, curious. The music grows louder -- sounds like
text: a JAZZ COMBO. Mia peeks toward the door...
dialog: ...and then FREEZES.
text: The sign on the door reads: "SEB'S". It's written the way she
dialog: drew it for Sebastian, years ago...
text: Coming up to her side, oblivious --
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: This looks fun.
text: David edges past Mia. Glimpses the bar inside. Turns to her,
text: inviting --
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on...
text: Mia doesn't know what to say. She follows David...
dialog: Revision 81.
scene_heading: 143 INT. JAZZ CLUB - CONTINUOUS
text: Inside, a JAZZ COMBO is tearing through a fast bop chart. The
text: seats around the band are almost all occupied. Young fans,
text: older couples, passersby trickling in from outside. It's an
text: excited crowd, far more varied than what we saw at the
text: Lighthouse -- a real range of ages and styles.
text: Mia's eyes drift as David heads to the bar. She recognizes the
text: images on the walls -- all Sebastian's. Recognizes a stool by
text: the bar -- also Sebastian's, formerly Hoagy Carmichael's...
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Mia?
text: She turns to David. Wavering, unsure what to do, she follows
text: him as he manages to find two empty seats close to the
dialog: bandstand...
text: The combo finishes. Hearty applause. A young PIANIST rises
text: from the keys, waves "thanks".
text: And -- just then -- Sebastian appears. Mia looks at him,
text: frozen.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (taking the microphone)
dialog: Manny Halloran, ladies and gentlemen.
dialog: (more applause)
dialog: I don't know, I told him to play "Jingle
dialog: Bells".
text: The crowd laughs. Sebastian smiles, looks at them --
text: -- and sees Mia.
text: Shock. The two LOCK EYES -- and you can tell it's the first
dialog: time they've seen each other in years.
text: A prolonged silence. Sebastian is speechless.
text: Then -- forcing himself to keep on a face --
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome to Seb's.
text: More applause. Sebastian sits at the piano. Looks at the keys.
text: He seems uncertain -- perhaps unsure what to play. He looks at
text: Mia. Takes the sight in. Beat. Then looks at his fellow
text: musicians. Murmurs to them. Then turns back to the keys --
text: -- and finally starts playing.
dialog: Revision 82.
text: A quieter tune, just piano, soft and tender and melancholy. A
text: melody we -- and Mia -- instantly recognize...
text: It's Mia and Sebastian's song.
text: Mia looks at Sebastian. He looks at her, then back at his keys.
text: This is the most beautiful we've ever heard his playing. The
text: most tender, and full of emotion, it has ever sounded.
text: We MOVE CLOSER on Sebastian. We recognize this image. It
text: recalls the visualization of his dream, back at the RESTAURANT
dialog: that night in winter, years ago. Gradually, as Sebastian
text: plays, his surroundings seem to grow DARKER. Slowly, subtly at
text: first, with just shifts in lighting, then a shift in
text: perspective, the interior of the club changes, and soon...
text: 144 ...we find ourselves back at that same RESTAURANT... Back when
dialog: Mia laid eyes on Sebastian for the first time...
text: Within this fantasy-flashback, Sebastian finishes his piece.
text: We stick on Mia, watching him as his Boss talks to him. All is
dialog: as before, as we remember it... And sure enough, Mia
text: approaches Sebastian as he walks near her, and --
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I just wanted to say -- I saw your
dialog: playing, and I --
text: -- but instead of brushing past her --
text: -- Sebastian decks her with a kiss for the ages.
text: A BURST OF ORCHESTRAL MUSIC. The DINERS in the restaurant spin
text: around to face Mia and Sebastian -- and SNAP their fingers in
text: time. Even the Boss starts to DANCE. Mia and Sebastian grin --
text: and then strut out together, hand in hand... [EPILOGUE]
scene_heading: 145 INT. NEW APARTMENT - DAY
text: Mia and Sebastian push open a new door -- to their new place.
text: It's a shabby one-bedroom -- but it's theirs...
scene_heading: 146 INT. LIGHTHOUSE CAFE - NIGHT
text: Next, Keith approaches Sebastian at the Lighthouse -- but
text: Sebastian immediately shakes his head "no".
scene_heading: 147 INT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: Sebastian watches Mia perform -- it's the night of her play.
text: He stands up to applaud -- and behind him, the entire
text: theater, utterly packed, rises as well. A huge standing
text: ovation. Mia's ROOMMATES are there, giddy with joy, as are
dialog: LAURA and HARRY...
dialog: Revision 83.
scene_heading: 148 INT. STUDIO SOUNDSTAGE - DAY / NIGHT
text: Mia and Sebastian walk together outside -- but now that we're
text: outside we realize this isn't the real L.A. at all..
text: This, in fact, is an L.A. that doesn't exist. A painted-
text: backdrop L.A., just like the one we saw Mia pass by when
text: parking on the lot...
text: The old orange groves and the gabled rooftops and the moss-
text: covered bungalows and the ivy-decked lamps, the jacaranda
dialog: trees and the giant hills and Griffith and the Santa Monica
text: Pier -- all painted, all props, all figments of a studio-
dialog: backdrop imagination. We've entered a fully fantastical
dialog: realm, the realm of the old Hollywood ballets of the 40's and
dialog: 50's...
text: A148 Everyone DANCES -- the pedestrians and the street performers
text: and the cops and the guards... AMY BRANDT races up to Mia --
text: seems to beckon her to audition... We see the audition
text: silhouetted against a wall... We don't hear Mia sing, but the
text: music takes on the melody of her song, carrying us to...
text: B148 PARIS... Sebastian travels there with Mia... We chart the
text: journey through an OLD GLOBE -- the same one we saw Mia use
text: for her play -- a miniature plane and dissolves, the old-
dialog: Hollywood-movie way...
text: Finally, we find ourselves looking at a PAINTED BACKDROP of
text: Paris -- the same one Mia used for her play. The Sacré-Coeur
text: and the Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower etched in bright
text: colors, the ornate lampposts and the cobblestones stretching
text: before us... And then a sign -- "CAVEAU DE LA HUCHETTE"...
text: C148 We see a jam session at the Caveau -- a crypt-like jazz club.
dialog: Sebastian plays, on cloud nine...
text: C148pt We see a MOVIE SHOOT, Mia surrounded by lights and cranes,
text: decked in movie-movie glow.
text: We're BACK to the Caveau. The lights go out -- except for the
text: TRUMPETER, playing out a lovelorn solo, rim-lit. We MOVE in
text: close on his horn -- DIVE into the bell --
text: D148 -- and emerge into NIGHTTIME PARIS. All painted. Mia and
text: Sebastian wander through this wonderland, pedestrians frozen
text: around them... Finally, they stop and look at one another...
text: And -- as the city lights behind them start to glitter like
dialog: all the stars of the galaxy...
dialog: ...they DANCE.
dialog: Revision 84.
dialog: This is the last time we'll ever see them dance, and they
text: seem to recognize that, so graceful and poised are their
text: movements... Remember -- this is a romance more perfect than
dialog: a real romance could ever be...
text: We DISSOLVE again -- to a projector beam...
text: 16mm footage plays on a screen, full of scratches and pockets
text: of light... Mia and Sebastian sit down to watch together --
text: and we see the following moments in brief, vivid GLIMPSES, as
text: we move in closer on the imagery:
dialog: 149 The first home... (16mm)
dialog: 150 Mia's pregnancy... (16mm)
dialog: 151 The newborn child... (16mm)
dialog: 152 The child's first birthday... (16mm)
dialog: 153 The child's first day of pre-school, all dressed up... (16mm)
text: Everything here glows with the warmth of old home movies...
text: These are memories, fluttering by, grabbed at random -- and
dialog: yet all concocted, dreamed up out of nothing... The SCORE
text: continuing to sway and taking us right up to...
dialog: 154 Sebastian and Mia, husband and wife, father and mother,
dialog: hiring a babysitter because they've decided to go out for a
text: night at the movies... (We're back to 35mm now.) The look
text: here is unaffected, just everyday. The MUSIC quiets slightly,
text: everything goes more natural, as this happily married couple
dialog: hit the road...
text: 155 ...then find themselves blocked by a traffic jam...then take
text: a side route, winding up in another part of L.A...
text: 156 ...then walk down the street, then hear music -- a jazz combo
dialog: playing somewhere...
text: 157 ...and step into a place that looks just like Sebastian's
text: club... They sit down to listen...
text: And then -- and this is how our imagined montage-musical
text: number ends -- the combo's PIANIST, who of course is not
text: Sebastian, launches into Mia and Sebastian's melody...
text: ...and Mia and Sebastian look at each other, recognizing it.
text: The music goes full-circle, back to where it started, as Mia
text: and Sebastian look into each other's eyes, lean in and,
dialog: softly, but with all the love in the world...
dialog: ...KISS.
dialog: Revision 85.
text: 158 WE CUT BACK TO THE PIANO: Sebastian has just finished his
text: piece. We're back to reality. The audience in the club
text: applauds.
text: Beat. Mia looks at Sebastian. Looks away. A moment passes.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do you want to stay for another?
text: She's silent for a second. Then she looks at David.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: No... We should go.
text: He nods. They rise from their seats and head for the exit.
text: Just as they reach the door, and as David steps out, Mia turns
text: and looks back at Sebastian. He looks at her. Their eyes lock.
text: A hint of a tear in both...
text: And, ever so subtly, for just a fleeting second, Mia smiles.
text: It's the kind of smile you could miss if you blinked -- but
text: it's enough to signal to Sebastian that she recognized the
dialog: melody he played, and that she still remembers it, and still
dialog: thinks of it to this day...
text: Then she walks out the door. Sebastian glances at his fellow
text: musicians. Then, he nods, and they launch into a new chart.
scene_heading: 159 EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: It's silent outside. You can't hear the music. Mia and David
text: reach their car. They get in. It pulls out.
text: Passing by Sebastian's club, the car continues on. We stay put,
text: the jazz club on one side of the frame, the lights of the car
text: on the other. Those lights growing smaller and smaller, before
text: finally disappearing into the big L.A. night...
text: IRIS FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
text: 
