speaker_heading: X
dialog: / 1 reg hte
dialog: * S0up 4 Ear
dialog: @ 4
dialog: (i?
dialog: For a Good Time, Call...
dialog: Katie Anne Naylon and Lauren Anne Miller
dialog: Based on a true story:
scene_heading: 1-866-FSU-TITS
speaker_heading: Mp
dialog: February 18, 2010
dialog: ¢
dialog: a
speaker_heading: LY
dialog: Call Now! Cum Later!
dialog: Classic. Phone Sex! without All the Donkey's!
speaker_heading: TITLE CARD: 1999
scene_heading: INT. AMHERST COLLEGE ENGLISH CLASSROOM - MORNING
text: An eclectic group of freshman English students sit around a
text: large conference table, chatting. LAUREN POWELL, 18, prim,
text: proper, and wide-eyed notices KATIE STEELE 18, wearing a see-
text: through top with a black bra. Lauren leans over.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I can see your bra through your
dialog: shirt.
dialog: (off Katie’s nod)
dialog: It's just that you don’t want
dialog: people to think you’re a slut on
dialog: the first day of school.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh. Hey, do you mind if people
dialog: think you’re a frosty bitch?
text: PROFESSOR RAINEY, attractive and 35, walks to the head of the
text: table wearing a smart sweater vest.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR RAINEY
dialog: This is freshman English. We write,
dialog: we read, we talk. We should get to
dialog: know each other.
text: Lauren starts taking notes. JESSE LAWSON, 18, a gay bear
text: type, hurries inside and sits between Katie and Lauren.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (whispers as she writes)
dialog: Know each other...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR RAINEY
dialog: I'm Tate Rainey and I’m from
dialog: Jacksonville, Florida. One of the
dialog: hardest things I’ve overcome is
dialog: that although my penis is straight,
dialog: my ass is gay.
text: The class shoots to attention. A few laughs trickle out.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (quietly to Katie)
dialog: Score!
dialog: (notices Lauren's
dialog: horrified look)
dialog: Kidding. I like your headband.
text: They smile at each other. Professor Rainey continues.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR RAINEY
dialog: See? The ice is broken. And I’m
dialog: kidding. I’m not gay at all. But in
dialog: college we can say whatever we
dialog: want! Now, something I really did
dialog: overcome is writer's block after my
dialog: divorce. Not exciting, kinda sad,
dialog: but true. Who’s next?
text: Lauren shoots her hand into the air and stands up.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I‘1l go! My name is Lauren Powell
dialog: and I’m from Stamford, Connecticut.
dialog: And it was so hard for me to
dialog: overcome my craving for ice cream
dialog: sundaes. My dad made me one every
dialog: night until high school when I had
dialog: to stop cause I watched my weight.
dialog: There are mostly eye-rolls, but it’s so sweet a few people
text: smile. The biggest eye roll comes from Katie who pipes up.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’1l go next!
text: Lauren awkwardly sits. Katie remains seated.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: My name is Katie Steele and I’m
dialog: from Baltimore, Maryland. Something
dialog: I had to overcome, is a misdemeanor
dialog: I got for flashing at a high school
dialog: football game.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You can get arrested for flashing?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You do when it’s your vag! And I’m
dialog: 18 now, so it’s not on my record
dialog: anymore. I’ve overcome!
text: The class explodes with laughter. Over Jesse, the two girls
text: stare each other down as another student starts talking.
scene_heading: INT. FRATERNITY HOUSE - EVENING
text: Lauren, wearing an Amherst shirt, wanders through the
text: crowded, smokey room carrying an empty diet Coke can. She
text: taps a DUDE on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Excuse me, do you know where the
dialog: recycling is?
text: The DUDE ignores Lauren. She taps another person on the
text: shoulder. When she turns around, it’s Katie, who double fists
text: beers, and wears an outrageous and very revealing outfit.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: Oh, hi! Hey, I hope you’re keeping
dialog: your skirt on at this party!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’m just hoping they’1l have ice
dialog: cream later!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (ignoring the insult)
dialog: Do you know if there’s any
dialog: recycling around?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Recycling!? This is a party, earth
dialog: girl!
text: She grabs Lauren’s can and throws it on the floor.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (tousles Lauren’s hair)
dialog: Now you go have the time of your
dialog: life!
text: Lauren gives Katie a judging look while Katie hurls herself
text: onto the keg to do a kegstand.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LAUREN’S CAR - A LITTLE LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Lauren drives away from the now broken-up party. She sees
text: Katie doing the electric slide on the sidewalk, stumbling in
text: her giant wedges - her revealing outfit almost revealing too
text: much. She’s wasted and has a party of her own. Lauren watches
text: Katie and debates picking her up. The good person in her wins
text: and she rolls down her window.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Lauren Powell! Fan of the ice cream
dialog: sundae!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yes, that’s me. Do you maybe need a
dialog: ride?
text: Katie shrugs and then hurls herself into Lauren’s car and
text: immediately starts playing with the radio.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Ugh, I hate Dave Matthews! What
dialog: station is this?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: It's acd actually. But this is a
dialog: live cd. Have you ever seen Dave
dialog: live? Or were you busy showing off
dialog: your girl parts?
text: Katie is almost impressed by the insult.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh man, I just realized I haven’t
dialog: peed in like, four beers.
text: (sees a big gulp cup)
dialog: Is this yours?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Sorry, I think it’s empty.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Perfect.
text: Katie jiggles off her underwear and tosses them on the dash.
text: She starts to maneuver herself over the cup.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I told you I had to pee.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Stop! You can’t do that! This is my
dialog: new car!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh come on, I do this all the time.
dialog: It‘’ll be fine!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No! Don--
text: The sounds of Katie’s pee can be heard hitting the
dialog: cup.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Ohmygod, ohmygod. I can’t believe
dialog: you're doing this.
text: Katie finishes up and holds the cup up triumphantly.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Finished! See, no spills at all.
text: Lauren sighs.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Fine. Okay.
text: Katie starts to put the lid back on the cup.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I told you, I do this all the--
text: SPLASH! Lauren hits a bump and pee goes everywhere! SILENCE.
text: Lauren pulls the car over to the side of the road. The area
text: couldn't be scarier and is populated by SHADY LOOKING DUDES,
text: SMALL CHILDREN selling drugs, and a PROSTITUTE getting
text: spanked right there on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Here!?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (firmer)
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: But these people will kill me!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (re: the spanked
dialog: prostitute)
dialog: Oh I think you’1l fit right in with
dialog: those two! GET OUT OF MY CAR!
text: Katie collects her shoes and what’s left of the pee-filled cup
text: and teeters out of the car. Lauren speeds off and then veers
text: back in reverse. She tosses Katie’s panties at her head.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I HATE YOU!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Fine! I HATE you too! And you should
dialog: just chill out! Urine is sterile!
text: Lauren speeds off leaving Katie in Scarytown. Unfortunately
text: for her, Katie’s revealing outfit makes her fit right in.
speaker_heading: THE SPANKER
dialog: (to Katie)
dialog: Twenty-five to join us. And you can
dialog: give or receive.
text: Katie wimpers and walks off.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: NEW YORK CITY, 10 YEARS LATER
scene_heading: INT. MORTY BRONSTEIN’S OFFICE - LOBBY - DAY
text: The phone rings in the most organized office reception area
text: ever. Out the window is a great view of New York City and on
text: the walls are framed book covers and literary awards. Lauren,
text: reading a manuscript, answers it.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Morty Bronstein’s office?
speaker_heading: MORTY (0.S.)
dialog: (yelling from other room)
dialog: Lauren!
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: I’m sorry, he’s unavailable at the
dialog: mom--, yes, he’s reading it now.
text: She looks down at the manuscript that she’s reading.
speaker_heading: MORTY (0.S.)
dialog: (yelling from other room)
dialog: Have you seen my insulin injection?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yes, I know he’s had it for six mon--
dialog: Well, I can tell you that it’s just
dialog: great and has tons of promise... I’m
dialog: practically an agent... We’ll return.
text: Lauren hangs up the phone with a sigh. She opens her desk
text: drawer and pulls out a box of syringes. She brings it into--
scene_heading: INT. MORTY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: MORTY, 85, adorable, wrinkled, and knocking at death’s door,
text: sits in his chair - which is huge compared to his little old
text: man body. His office is a disaster area with piles of
text: manuscripts floor to ceiling and papers everywhere.
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: There she is! Dear, would you mind
dialog: doing the injection for me today?
dialog: The arthritis in my right and left
dialog: hands is acting up and I don’t
dialog: think I can reach around.
text: He maneuvers his body out of his chair and lowers his pants -
text: exposing his upper right butt cheek. Lauren grimaces and
text: steps toward Morty with the syringe.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Fine, but can we talk about the Joe
dialog: Kreitman manuscript after?
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: Of course, dear. You’re so on top
dialog: of things. Oh, I saw that thing on
dialog: the machine you made. Impressive!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: The website? On the computer?
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: Sure, dear. Very lovely. Injection,
dialog: please.
text: Lauren forces a smile and braces to inject Morty’s butt.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Okay, on three. One, two, three.
text: She pokes him with the syringe and he screams like a baby.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Crowds of TOURISTS brush past Katie, also now 28, as she
text: hands out comedy fliers.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You like comedy?
text: An UNAMUSED WOMAN pushes the flier back at Katie.
speaker_heading: UNAMUSED WOMAN
dialog: I don’t do comedy.
text: Katie shrugs. She takes off her jacket and ties it around her
text: waist, revealing a cleavage-baring top. She wipes sweat from
text: her brow before she spies a HOT TOURIST in a Stetson hat.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey there, cowboy. Would you like
dialog: to get into some comedy tonight?
speaker_heading: HOT TOURIST
dialog: I reckon I might! Will you be there?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I can be wherever you want me to be.
dialog: Just take a flier you sexy stetson.
text: The Hot Tourist takes the flier as he passes. Katie rolls her
text: eyes and sighs. Then, she pushes her boobs together with her
text: arms and tries again with ASIAN TOURIST MAN.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You like comedy?
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: A pole dancing workout plays on the television, as Katie
text: talks on the phone while swinging on a stripper pole. Katie
text: pants and sweats, but continues to juggle the phone/workout.
text: STRIPPER WORKOUT LADY bounces around on the screen.
scene_heading: STRIPPER WORKOUT LADY
dialog: Now roll those hips, you sex
dialog: kittens! Let your breasts jiggle
dialog: and focus on your core!
text: Katie rolls her hips very sexually.
speaker_heading: KATIE (INTO PHONE)
dialog: (panting)
dialog: Jesse! You’re smart and you deserve
dialog: to do what makes your heart sing.
dialog: We go over this all the time! Do
dialog: not settle! I won’t allow it.
dialog: You’re too talented.
scene_heading: STRIPPER WORKOUT LADY
text: Wrap an arm around that pole and
dialog: glide and grind. You’re a cat in
dialog: heat!
text: Katie tries gliding and grinding with the phone, but can’t do
text: it. She slips off the pole and lands on her butt.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Shit.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Do not sign that shitty contract.
dialog: Your book is better than that. I’11l
dialog: call you back.
text: Keys jangle from Katie’s front door, as she starts to pick
text: herself up. It opens to reveal her landlord HENRY, 55, anda
text: young perfect looking couple, JAMES and CARRIE.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Like I said, this unit is full of
text: windows, gets lots of light.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hullo? Excuse me?
speaker_heading: STRIPPER WORKOUT LADY (0.S.)
dialog: Feel the pole between your thighs!
text: Henry and James raise an eyebrow and peek toward the TV.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Take a look at the bedroom-- it has
text: a walk-in closet.
dialog: (to Katie)
dialog: I told you I’d be coming by. How's
dialog: the packing going?
text: James and Carrie smile awkwardly and go to the bedroom.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Packing? What the hell. You can’t
dialog: just drop in on me, Henry. I live
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Katie, I told you 60 days ago that
dialog: the building is no longer rent-
dialog: controlled come June lst. You don’t
dialog: qualify for the new rate with your
dialog: income.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And I told you that this was my
dialog: grandmother’s apartment. And I’ve
dialog: been here for 5 years! I’m not
dialog: going anywhere!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Are those the certified letters I
dialog: sent you?
dialog: 10.
text: Three PINK ENVELOPES on the table are peeking out from
text: underneath a pile of catalogs.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER WORKOUT LADY (0.S.)
dialog: Use the big pole to guide your
dialog: muscles.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You've got four days, Katie. I’m
dialog: sorry.
text: James and Carrie emerge from the bedroom, beaming and nodding
dialog: with interest.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh stop nodding you cake toppers!
text: One day, the drain in the sink is
dialog: going to clog, and you’re not going
dialog: to know why. But I’1l know.
text: Henry ushers Carrie and James out the door. Katie walks to
text: the doorway.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s fine! I deserve better than
dialog: this craphole apartment anyway!
dialog: Have fun with my grandmother’s
dialog: ghost! She’s a night-walker!
text: Katie slams the door with frustration.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE SHEER’S APARTMENT BEDROOM - THAT SAME NIGHT
dialog: Candlelight and the Boyz 2 Men song, I'll Make Love To You
text: fill the boyishly boring apartment. Slightly tangled in their
text: sheets, Lauren and her boyfriend, CHARLIE SHEER, 30 and looks
dialog: like Mr. Right, make really boring love.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE SHEER’S APARTMENT BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lauren and Charlie brush their teeth while wearing matching
text: pajamas. Him with just the pants, her wearing his top. They
text: have a whole routine with her moving her head up when his is
text: down and vice versa. When they are done, the routine
text: continues with a towel exchange. Finally--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Office?
text: Lauren nods enthusiastically.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE SHEER’S APARTMENT BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lauren and Charlie laugh together in bed watching The Office.
text: They aren’t touching. It goes to commercial.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, I have some news. Weiner can’t
dialog: do the Rome office stint, so I get
dialog: to go to Italy for the summer.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What?! That’s amazing! I’ve never
dialog: been to Italy before. All cobble-y
text: streets and statues, old churches
dialog: and yummy food!
text: Charlie takes a beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think...I think this is a good time
dialog: for us to evaluate where we’re at.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Really?! Ohmygosh. Okay, wait.
text: Lauren runs out of the room and returns again a moment later
text: with a camera.
dialog: Charlie's
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I want to document this. If I don’t
dialog: my sister will KILL me!
text: face falls.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Honey, I’m not proposing.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh. Then what are you doing?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Here's the thing. I think we’re
dialog: both ignoring something really
dialog: obvious here and have been for a
dialog: while now.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Ignoring what?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We both jog an 8 and a half minute
dialog: mile. We always go to Sarabeth’s
dialog: for brunch on Sunday. We switched
dialog: from sour cream to greek yogurt
dialog: together. We dress alike.
text: Charlie nods at Lauren’s pajama top.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I’m not following.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Lauren. Snap out of it. Last winter
dialog: we built little ships together
dialog: inside glass bottles. We always win
dialog: at Taboo! And charades!... Our
dialog: relationship is boring.
text: Lauren looks punched in the stomach.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: But we just had great sex with each
dialog: other!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That was great? Look, every moment
dialog: we spend together is fun, it’s
dialog: nice, but nice is not a way to
dialog: live! We have no excitement. No
dialog: passion. We have...Scrabble night.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You love Scrabble! And I have
dialog: passion! I can loosen up! Look!
text: Lauren jumps up and attempts to dance sexily, unbuttoning
text: several of the buttons on her pajama top. It’s all wrong.
text: Charlie grabs her and makes her sit down.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Lauren. Stop. We’re just friends,
dialog: okay?
text: Lauren starts to cry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please don’t do that. I know you’1ll
dialog: see what I’m talking about soon.
dialog: Once we have some distance, and you
dialog: have your own place and--
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: My own place?! I can’t afford my own
dialog: place! Couldn’t I just stay here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The thing is, I’m gonna give up
dialog: this place when I leave for Italy.
dialog: In four days.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: How could you do this!? We’ve been
dialog: together for three years! So what
dialog: if we’re friends! You’re my best
dialog: friend!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Laur--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No! You are the worst person ever!
text: Lauren jumps up and starts grabbing her things from the room.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: You think I’m boring!? What about
dialog: you, Mr. I only wear khaki pants
dialog: and eat only plain chicken!? You're
dialog: the one that loves the missionary
dialog: position! I look good on top. My
dialog: breasts look amazing. You don’t
dialog: deserve my breasts!
text: Lauren now starts throwing the things she’s grabbed at
text: Charlie: a shirt, a shoe, a book, her purse, etc. He’s
text: ducking and running around the room and saying ‘I’m sorry’
text: with every object hurled at his head.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Fine! I'll find a new apartment! A
dialog: great apartment! And I’m gonna have
dialog: crazy sex there! And be exciting!
dialog: And you'll have missed it all!
text: Lauren hurls a heavy book-end at Charlie's head. He ducks out
text: the door. The second he’s gone, she sobs.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN APARTMENT-— DAY
text: Katie stands in the middle of an empty living room, with the
text: BUILDING MANAGER. She shrugs.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It’s...not bad. I came in a taxi,
dialog: today, but how far is the train?
speaker_heading: BUILDING MANAGER
text: 10 blocks to the J-M-Z train. And
dialog: then you just switch to the L train
text: or the F train after 6 stops and it
dialog: gets you right into the city.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Huh. How long does it take exactly?
speaker_heading: BUILDING MANAGER
dialog: An hour? But there’s lots of people
dialog: that commute from here or take
text: bikes to the train.
text: Katie peers out the window as a DELINQUENT cuts off a bike
text: lock and steals a bike, peddling away at the speed of light.
scene_heading: INT. TINY, AMAZING NEW YORK STUDIO- DAY
text: Lauren perches on a window seat, gazing at Central Park. Her
text: broker, EILEEN, a mid-40's, Jewish-mom type, smiles broadly.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: It's everything you’re looking for! A
dialog: real grown up apartment: Doorman,
text: windows, full kitchen, and not more
dialog: space than a young single lady needs.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Single. Great. How much is it again?
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Well, with first month, last month,
dialog: security deposit, and a broker’s
dialog: fee...$8000 to get in the door. And
dialog: then it’s just $2500 a month.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Wow, what a steal.
scene_heading: INT. STATEN ISLAND APARTMENT- DAY
text: A FAT LADY with way too much cleavage smiles broadly at
text: Katie, as they walk around an over-the-garage apartment.
speaker_heading: FAT LADY
dialog: Do you have a car, I hope?
dialog: 15.
text: Katie shakes her head.
speaker_heading: FAT LADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, in that case you just walk to
text: the ferry and sail right to the city.
text: Katie turns to see Fat Son leaning in the doorway, smoking a
text: cigarette. He looks very “Staten Island” douche-y.
speaker_heading: FAT SON
dialog: Or I could drive you. I’m in and
dialog: out of the city all the time.
dialog: (pointing to the main
dialog: house)
dialog: And I just live right there.
scene_heading: INT. TERRIBLE EAST VILLAGE STUDIO- DAY
text: Lauren and Eileen stand next to one another in what is sadly
text: NOT a broom closet, but an actual apartment. An arms reach
text: away from the kitchen sink is a free-standing bathtub. A bed
text: has been folded down from the wall.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: You can afford it! A place all to
dialog: yourself. Lots of privacy.
text: Lauren eyes the single, tiny window in the apartment.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I can’t breathe.
text: Eileen cheerfully wedges open the window, struggling. It
text: springs open. Loud screams from the building next door erupt.
speaker_heading: CRAZY LADY (0.S.)
dialog: Is this about the baby?! I HATE you!
speaker_heading: CRAZY MAN
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: You enrage me, woman!
speaker_heading: CRAZY LADY
dialog: Speak English! You've been here 12
dialog: years!!!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I’m not sure this is right either.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: EXT. NYC STREET NEAR GRAMERCY PARK - AFTERNOON
text: Jesse, the guy who sat between Lauren and Katie in freshman
text: English, struts down the street with Lauren while eating
dialog: Taste-d-Lite.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lauren, I know you refuse to see
dialog: it, but Charlie’s right. You’re so
dialog: not crazy for each other. You are
dialog: best friends.
dialog: (re: the ice cream)
dialog: Am I getting fat? Should I not be
dialog: eating this?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: It’s fat free. And I’m totally
dialog: crazy for him!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Oh come on. We haven’t been
dialog: lingerie shopping for that guy in
dialog: forever.
dialog: (grabs his stomach)
dialog: But look at this.
text: He sighs and eats another spoonful.
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Brace yourself. I’m gonna lay it
dialog: out there. Your relationship has
dialog: run it’s course. He’s gonna go to
dialog: Italy and meet some woman who can
text: make pasta with her nipples, and
dialog: you’re gonna stay here and take
dialog: over Morty’s business and get your
dialog: life on track.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Maybe it’1ll only be a break?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Up.
dialog: Lauren knows he’s right.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: So my boyfriend is breaking up with
dialog: me, and kicking me out of my
dialog: apartment. I can barely afford any
dialog: place that doesn’t have rats or
dialog: screaming immigrants. What am I
dialog: going to do?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m 2 days from moving back to Long
dialog: Island to live with my parents! I’m
dialog: 28. I can’t do that.
text: Jesse spies an open house in a beautiful old building right
dialog: on Gramercy Park.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You can live here!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Please. I can’t afford a place
dialog: around here.
dialog: (looks at the sign)
dialog: And it’s for a two bedroom. Are you
dialog: moving in with me?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Uh, no. I live alone. But let’s
dialog: just go look. For our dream lives.
text: He grabs her arm and drags her inside.
scene_heading: INT. INCREDIBLE GRAMERCY PARK APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lauren and Jesse stand in the doorway with their mouths wide
text: open. The apartment is a NY dream: Large windows, beautiful
text: wood floors, an open kitchen, and molding to die for.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Tears of real estate happiness are
text: welling up inside.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I would do anything for a place
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Sex for money?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Funny. I’m gonna go look around.
text: Just then Jesse spies Katie on the other side of the
text: apartment. He panics and pushes Lauren in the other direction.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Uh, great! Go look! Over there!
text: Jesse goes over to Katie.
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey you!
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hi! What are you doing here? You
dialog: have a great place.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I just looovve apartments, so I had
dialog: to take a look! Does your being here
dialog: mean you finally came to terms with
dialog: getting kicked out of your place?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Whatever. That place sucked anyway. I
dialog: would give anything for this place.
dialog: But I could barely afford half. I
dialog: can’t live on Staten Island. What am I
dialog: gonna do?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Sex for money?
text: Katie looks as if she’s almost considering.
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh, I'll be right back, okay?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM 2 IN THE AMAZING APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lauren looks dreamily at the large closet in the bedroom.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Could you afford half of the rent?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hmm, maybe. It’d be a stretch. But
dialog: I could do it with my raise I’m
dialog: gonna get. I am 28 years old. I
dialog: deserve this place right? I could
dialog: make it a world with no Ikea. But,
dialog: I don’t want to live with a
dialog: stranger. Wait, are you thinking
dialog: about it?!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No. Again. I live alone. But, uhm,
dialog: I think I know someone that you
dialog: could live with that would love
dialog: this very grown up apartment.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Who is it?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: She is so much fun, and I know
dialog: would be into living here and
dialog: making it great and you probably
dialog: don’t even remember her, but she
dialog: was in our major at Amherst and
dialog: she’s lives in NY and works in
dialog: advertising. She’s tons of fun and--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: She once peed in my car?
text: Jesse smiles and puts out jazz hands. Lauren rolls her eyes
text: and walks out of the bedroom.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: No. No. Absolutely no. I HATE her.
scene_heading: INT. INCREDIBLE GRAMERCY PARK APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Just as Lauren walks out of the bedroom she slams right into
dialog: Katie.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Oh boy.
text: The girls look at each other with hatred until Lauren
text: remembers her manners.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Well hey, you! Nice to see you!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It’s good to be seen.
text: Lauren forces an awkward hug that neither are happy about.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: So. What have you been doing
dialog: lately?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (overselling)
dialog: I work for Morty Bronstein. His
dialog: clients have published over 75
dialog: literary masterpieces. I’m pretty
text: much his right and left hand. He's
dialog: retiring soon and I’m going to take
dialog: over the business. You?
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (lying through her teeth)
dialog: Well, I’m doing some ground-
dialog: breaking stuff in advertising. I’ve
text: single-handedly pushed forward a
dialog: great campaign for a chain of
dialog: comedy clubs here in Manhattan. Our
text: ads are...all over Times Square.
text: Jesse chokes back a laugh, then nods.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Sounds great. Congratulations.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Okay you two. This is a fantastic
dialog: place and you’re both insane if you
dialog: let it go. So, I want you both to
dialog: close your eyes and imagine:
dialog: (they reluctantly close
dialog: them)
text: A big beautiful couch in the corner.
text: Cute frames with nothing inside
text: hanging on the walls. Brunch at a
text: small table by the large windows.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You just described Monica and
text: Rachel’s apartment.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I love brunch.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Of course you do.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’m not done. This is not an
dialog: apartment for someone fresh out of
dialog: college. This is for someone who's
dialog: got their shit together. Someone
dialog: who’s making their life happen!
dialog: This place is for the two of you!
dialog: Now on the count of three, I want
dialog: you to both open your eyes and
dialog: forgive each other for your silly
text: pasts and get ready to step into
dialog: the future of your incredible
dialog: apartment. One... Two... Three.
text: The girls open their eyes.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That was so nice, Jesse.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Almost as nice as kicking someone
text: out into a world full of murderers,
text: rapists, and drug dealers.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: When it’s hot outside, my parents
dialog: say that the car still smells like
dialog: pee.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I was almost arrested that night
dialog: for being a prostitute.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You peed in my car.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: This isn’t going to work.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No, clearly it’s not.
text: They angrily part ways. As they head for the door, they
text: overhear JACK, the real estate broker, talking to MARIA,
dialog: another interested person.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's really a lovely building.
dialog: Quiet, friendly neighbors, and of
dialog: course, that key to Gramercy Park.
text: Both Katie and Lauren’s eyes grow wide. They rush over.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Key to Gramercy Park?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: It's so pretty in there!
text: Katie links her arm with Lauren’s.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We'll take it.
text: Lauren looks at Katie’s linked arm and pulls her aside.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What do you think you're doing? I
dialog: don’t want to live with you!
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I don’t want to live with you
dialog: either! But come on, look at this
dialog: place. And Gramercy Park?!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (takes a beat, then)
dialog: Can you afford half of the rent?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I can make it work. We’ll take
text: turns being in the living room. And
dialog: you can have all the brunch you
dialog: want.
text: Lauren looks at Katie. She looks around the place.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: I should make bold choices. Bold
dialog: choices.
dialog: (to Katie)
dialog: Ohhh man. Okay. Let’s do it. But no
dialog: Ikea in the living room!
text: They march back over to Jack.
speaker_heading: KATIE LAUREN
dialog: Sorry lady, but get outta my Where do we sign?
dialog: apartment!
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, KATIE’S BEDROOM- DAY
text: Katie unpacks garbage bags. A pedicure chair sits in the
text: middle of the room. Lauren wiggles a pillow into a shabby
text: chic pillow sham as she leans into Katie’s doorway.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Is that a pedicure chair?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah. Isn’t it funny?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Funny furniture? Hmm. Keep it in
dialog: here, please.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Whatever. Nice pillow case. Pottery
dialog: Barn?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Pillow sham. Anthropologie.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Where yuppy hippies go to die.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, I was thinking we could divide
dialog: up the bills. Like you pay them for
dialog: the first three months, and then
dialog: I’1ll pay them the next three.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Nice try. But I don’t think so. Who
dialog: knows, in three months, you could
text: run off and join the circus.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Good one. I was kidding.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What time do you leave for work in
dialog: the morning? So we can figure out
dialog: the shower.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: 8:30
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Me too. Shit. You can shower
dialog: anytime before 7:30. Are you going
dialog: to come into my room all the time?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I was trying to be nice.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Next time, send a fruit basket.
text: Lauren shrugs and walks off.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Fine. And don’t forget to bring the
dialog: least to that place on twenty third
dialog: tomorrow!
scene_heading: INT. MORTY BRONSTEIN’S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Lauren sits in front of Morty in his office. A humidifier
text: runs in the corner.
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: So what’s the occasion?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You just called me in here.
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: Oh right. You’re so smart. That’s
dialog: why I hired you.
dialog: (off Lauren’s smile)
dialog: And that’s why you’re gonna be
dialog: great out there on your own.
dialog: (Lauren's smile falls)
dialog: I'm tired. I’m old. Let’s face it,
dialog: I don’t do anything anymore. It’s
dialog: time to close the old place down.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: But what about your clients? I was
dialog: thinking that I could--
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: I took it upon myself to make this
dialog: easy for you and set them up with
text: fancy young agents.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: And what am I?
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: You? You’re a secretary.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: But I’ve worked as your assistant
dialog: for 5 years. I know your business
dialog: inside and out. I’ve been doing it
dialog: on my own for the past year at
dialog: least!
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: But you’re a woman and women are
dialog: secretaries, not agents.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What is this, 1954?
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: A great year... Look, you make a
dialog: wonderful coffee, but you’re just
dialog: lacking something to make you an
dialog: agent.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What? What am I lacking?
speaker_heading: MORTY
dialog: A penis.
dialog: 25.
text: Lauren is crushed.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT LEASING OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: Katie steps up to the teenage RECEPTIONIST, who is texting on
text: her phone and laughing to herself.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’m just dropping off the lease for
dialog: apartment 12-F. In the Gramercy
dialog: Park building?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Oh, yeah. So, I’m such an idiot. I
dialog: sent over, like, the wrong lease.
dialog: That one was for 14-F.
text: She pulls out a lease from her drawer.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Can you sign this one for me
dialog: instead? My dad’s bugging out. Is
dialog: your roommate here?
text: Katie shakes her head. Clearly she’s alone.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Shoot.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Um, that’s okay. It’ll be just be
dialog: under your name then. I mean, it’1l
dialog: technically be your place, but if
dialog: that’s okay with you, it’s okay
dialog: with me.
text: Katie thinks about it for a moment.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (CONT’D)
dialog: You can forge her name on it too,
dialog: if you want. I don’t care.
text: Katie smiles sweetly.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: That's ok. We’re best friends. She
dialog: won't mind if it’s just my name.
dialog: Forgery is so wrong.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Great.
text: Katie hands finishes signing the lease and hands it over. She
text: walks out triumphantly, giving the girl a pageant queen wave.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S APARTMENT KITCHEN - THE NEXT DAY
text: Katie, over-dressed for work in a suit, eats a bowl of fruit
text: loops. Lauren emerges from her room, in her pajamas, with an
text: empty red wine bottle and puffy eyes.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Do we have recycling yet?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Again with this.
text: Lauren looks less than amused.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s a box under the sink, Earth
dialog: girl.
dialog: (notices the pajamas)
dialog: Casual Tuesday at work?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I’m going in an hour late today.
text: Lauren mopes over and tosses the bottle. She looks toward the
text: living room and sees the pedicure chair and a stripper pole.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Um. What’s happening in there?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I exercise on the pole. And the
dialog: chair is for my back. I told you.
text: Lauren collapses at the table.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Whatever. I don’t have the
dialog: strength.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Your eyes are all puffy. Were you
dialog: smoking weed this morning?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No. Gross.
text: Lauren sits at the table. Silence. Then...
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Have you ever been in love?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Ehh, I can’t be tied down. I don’t
dialog: have time to waste on personal
dialog: relationships. Women will stab you
dialog: in the back, and men only wanna
dialog: stab you wherever you'll let them -
dialog: if you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Then I doubt you’d understand. I
dialog: was with Charlie for 3 years! I
dialog: thought he was my person! same
dialog: plans, same dreams, same bed. And
dialog: now he’s gone.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Your person? Gross. Jesse told me
dialog: you might be in denial about your
dialog: boring relationship.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Whatever. And what do you mean
dialog: women will stab you in the back?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Women are bitches. Bye woman!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: To the bathroom. Jeez!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Why don’t you just pee in this
dialog: candle-holder?
text: Lauren slumps in her seat. A moment later, Katie emerges and
text: heads to the door.
dialog: I’m going to work. See ya. Wouldn’t
dialog: wanna be ya.
text: And she’s out the door. Lauren sighs, takes off her blazer,
text: heads to the couch and turns on the TV.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT-— LAUREN’S ROOM - THAT
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Days of our Lives plays on the TV while Lauren back in her
text: PJ's, sits at her desk looking at her bank account online.
dialog: 28.
text: ANGLE ON THE COMPUTER: Checking 2537: $2047.34. Lauren sighs
text: and clicks another window to a completed Monster.com job
text: application. She hits submit job and picks up her cell phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.C.)
dialog: Hey, it’s Charlie! Leave--
text: Lauren hangs up. She dials her phone on speaker.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. LAUREN’S PARENTS LONG ISLAND HOUSE - KITCHEN -
speaker_heading: SIMULTANEOUS
text: ADELE, 58, and adorable, chops vegetables while SCOTT, 60,
text: with an lovable comb-over, paints a chess set.
speaker_heading: ADELE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: LAUREN (ON THE SPEAKER PHONE)
dialog: Hi, mom.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Oh hi, sweetie! Hold on, let me get
dialog: dad.
text: Adele brings another phone to Scott even though they’re in
dialog: the same room.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Hi my sweetie. How’s the new
dialog: apartment? And your roommate?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Apartment’s great. Roommate’s
dialog: whatever. But, uhm...Morty’s finally
dialog: retiring.
speaker_heading: SCOTT ADELE
dialog: That’s my girl! And you're finally taking
dialog: over! This is great!
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Uh, no. He’s just retiring. I’m not
dialog: taking over.
dialog: scott
dialog: But what about our plan?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yeah, well, since I’m a girl, and
dialog: Morty’s a sexist old-man, there is
dialog: no more plan.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Mom, I wasted 5 years of my life
dialog: giving insulin shots to someone that
dialog: thinks because I have a vagina, I’m
dialog: incapable of doing more than looking
dialog: pretty. It’s over and I don’t want
dialog: to talk about it anymore.
text: Silence. Adele stops chopping.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Honey, nice girls don’t say vagina.
dialog: scott
dialog: (chipper)
dialog: Well, okay. This is no big deal.
dialog: You're smart, you’re professional--
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You're beautiful. Who wouldn’t want
dialog: you?
dialog: scott
dialog: Exactly. Let’s make a new plan.
dialog: Where are you applying?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I've already applied at Random
dialog: House. And I’m doing Penguin and
dialog: St. Martins tomorrow. The big ones.
dialog: I'd really like to start doing
dialog: something more fulfilling.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Ahh, the Random House dream. Scott,
dialog: doesn’t Diane’s neice work there? I
dialog: think she does. I could call her.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No, no. Thank you, but I want to do
dialog: this on my own, okay?
speaker_heading: ScoTT
dialog: Okay, that’s fine. Do you need
dialog: money? What about rent in that new
dialog: apartment? What do you need?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You guys are the best, but I have a
dialog: little in savings for rent this
dialog: month. And I know I’1l get a job
dialog: soon. Thank you, but no thank you.
dialog: I'm 28, I just can’t have you guys
dialog: helping me out anymore.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Well you can always move back in
dialog: with us.
text: Lauren smiles and nods un-easily. That’s the last thing she
dialog: wants to do.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - A BIT LATER
text: Lauren, wearing a proper shirt and her pajama pants, fights
text: her way through times square while drowning her sorrows in an
text: extra large bag of chocolate covered popcorn. Some of it’s on
text: her face.
text: Meanwhile, only a few feet away is Katie. Her power blazer is
text: now wrapped around her waist. She hands a YOUNG MAN a flier.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey, you like comedy?
dialog: (off the man’s confused
dialog: look)
dialog: English?
dialog: (more confusion)
dialog: No? Great.
text: She hands him the flier and then pushes her way through the
text: crowd. She doesn’t know it’s her, but she taps Lauren on the
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, pajamas, you like comedy?
text: Lauren turns around and sees that it’s Katie. Both of them
dialog: are shocked.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh. It’s you.
text: Lauren grabs the flier.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Is this your job?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No. Yes. It’s a grass roots campaign.
dialog: You can’t ask anyone to do anything
dialog: you wouldn’t do yourself!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (judge-y)
dialog: I see.
text: Katie registers the pajamas and the fact that it’s mid-day.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What’s with the popcorn and
dialog: pajamas?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: This...is part of a major book deal
dialog: I’m brokering. Yeah.
speaker_heading: KATIE LAUREN
dialog: You're such a liar! You're not doing anything
dialog: ground-breaking in
dialog: advertising!
text: The girls stare each other down. Lauren breaks first.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Fine. Morty retired. I lost my job.
text: Katie almost feels bad, but then takes advantage.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And this is how Miss productive
dialog: fills her time?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yeah, clearly I should take notes
dialog: from you on how to have a
dialog: successful career.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: If you'll excuse me, I have some
dialog: important work to get done.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Why not save your breath and just
dialog: wear a sandwich board?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Unemployed.
text: They both turn and huff off in opposite directions.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You better be able to pay your rent
dialog: next month!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Madison Avenue is that way!
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - LAUREN’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lauren, still in her pajamas is splayed across her bed with a
text: pile of gossip rags. She listens to her iPod, but then
text: casually pulls it out of her ears and stands up. She shoots
text: to attention when she hears...
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: (sexually)
dialog: Mmmm. Oh yeah. That’s it.
text: Lauren’s eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Fuck your nasty little slut! Ride
dialog: me!
text: Lauren doesn’t know if she should throw up or run. She grabs
text: her purse and heads for the door.
scene_heading: INT. FANCY LOUNGE- NIGHT
text: Lauren stares at Jesse, who sits across from her. He takes a
text: big sip of his way too girly drink and sets it down.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You're not going to say anything?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Am I surprised she talks dirty when
dialog: she’s getting some action? No, not
dialog: really.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: How can you even like her? She’s
dialog: disgusting and rude and socially
dialog: inept. She can’t even be fake nice!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Is it possible that you're upset
dialog: about getting fired and how your
dialog: dream of taking over Morty’s
dialog: clients has been crushed? And maybe
dialog: Katie isn’t the problem?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No. That is not possible. I am fully
dialog: qualified to work somewhere else and
dialog: I will. This is a minor setback. But
dialog: that girl, ooooh, I loathe her. She
dialog: lies about everything. She doesn’t
dialog: work in advertising. She. Hands.
dialog: Out. Fliers! And you didn’t tell me!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Please don’t put me in the middle.
dialog: She's great at handing out those
text: fliers, she’s talkative and
dialog: outgoing. Give her that, at least.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I am not giving that girl anything.
dialog: I just hope I don’t have to meet
dialog: whoever she’s sleeping with when he
text: comes out of our bathroom and has
dialog: inevitably peed on our floor,
dialog: fondled my toothbrush and left
dialog: small curly hairs by the sink. I’m
dialog: sure he’s disgusting.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're the one wearing pajama pants
text: in a bar.
scene_heading: INT. LAUREN’S BEDROOM- A LITTLE LATER
text: Lauren enters the apartment, tentatively listening for Katie.
text: It is silent. With relief, she heads to her room, until--
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: Yess! Yess! Yessss! Beat that meat!
dialog: Do it for ME!
text: Lauren throws her purse down and charges to Katie’s door, but
text: then chickens out. Lauren crumples into her own room.
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so close! Don’t let me down,
text: baby. Oh GODDDDDDDDDDDDDD!
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S APARTMENT, KITCHEN - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Katie hums “Eye of the Tiger” while pouring herself a bowl of
text: Lucky Charms. Lauren enters, with rage in her eyes.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Listen, whatever 12 hour porn shoot
dialog: you were doing last night was
dialog: ridiculous. We share a wall.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I wasn’t shooting any porn. I was
dialog: working all night long, thank you.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (a lightbulb goes off)
dialog: Oh my god, you’re a prostitute.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Shut up. I told you, I was working.
dialog: Not as a prostitute.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Come on! Beat that meat!? Gross! If
dialog: you want to have guys over, that’s
dialog: fine, but just a little warning
dialog: would be appreciated.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: NO ONE WAS HERE!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Whatever. Could you clean some of
dialog: your moldy mushu pork out of our
dialog: fridge?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Why? To make room for your veggie
dialog: dogs and soy milk? What sort of a
dialog: person pickles their own beets?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: The type that values nutrition, has
dialog: a real job, and a basic sense of
dialog: cleanliness!
speaker_heading: KATIE
text: (slams her bowl of cereal
dialog: into the sink)
dialog: Real job? As I recall, you're
dialog: REALLY UNEMPLOYED. Hey, you know, I
dialog: used to work at Barnes and Noble on
dialog: 83rd, if you want to stay in the
dialog: book industry. I could make a call.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, did you work in their
dialog: advertising department too?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Writing about sales on chalkboards
dialog: out in front of the store?!
text: Katie scoffs while throwing on her blazer.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: (re: the blazer)
dialog: Big meeting with the hot dog vendor
dialog: today?
text: Katie opens her mouth for a comeback and then stops.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You know, you’re feistier than I
dialog: thought.
text: Lauren is shocked by the almost compliment. Katie grabs her
text: briefcase and slams the door shut.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Lauren pushes Katie’s moldy food around in the fridge. She
text: starts taking anything edible out and piles it on the
text: counter. Once there’s a pile of very random foods on the
text: counter, she digs in. She takes a bite of a peach, a spoonful
text: of peanut butter, a pickle.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Mmmm. You’re a good little peach.
dialog: Bet you wouldn’t mind a little of
dialog: this...
text: Lauren tops her peach with some peanut butter and takes a big
text: bite. She sighs with pleasure. Just then, Katie’s voice is
text: heard from inside her bedroom.
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: Rip off those pants! I can’t wait
dialog: to get inside there!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (eyes bulging)
dialog: Ohmygod.
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: Pull that cock out big boy!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No. No. No. NO!
text: Lauren rushes to Katie’s door, about to knock. She listens
text: through the door and hear the slight noise of mattress
text: springs getting a workout.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Ugh, grooossss. I can’t do this.
text: She turns to walk away.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You got me soooo wet! THAT’S. WHAT.
text: I’M. TALKING. ABOUT! !!!
text: Lauren storms back to the door and POUNDS it with her fist.
text: Unexpectedly, it flies open! It reveals Katie, all alone in
text: the room, fully clothed, jumping up and down on her bed, with
dialog: the phone to her ear!
text: Lauren is stunned. Katie’s face goes white.
speaker_heading: KATIE (INTO THE PHONE) (CONT’D)
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Uh, just cum on my face. Gotta go.
text: Katie looks at Lauren, wondering what she’s going to say.
text: Lauren is silent.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Your dad called?
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lauren sits on the couch with her arms folded. Katie studies
text: her from the pedicurists chair.
speaker_heading: KATIE LAUREN
dialog: Listen, I’ve been doing-- Oh I know what you’ve been
dialog: doing.
speaker_heading: KATIE LAUREN
dialog: If you would only let-- You are so disgust--
speaker_heading: KATIE LAUREN
dialog: It’s not even a big-- How could you even--
text: The phone rings from inside Katie’s room.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Well are you gonna get it, Miss
dialog: Cleo?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Miss Cleo is a phone psychic.
dialog: I enact phone fantasies.
dialog: (Lauren is silent)
dialog: Fine. Do you want the story?
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Sure. Story me away!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Ok. When I first got to New York, I
dialog: had no money. I didn’t have a grand
dialog: plan, like I’m sure you did, OK?
dialog: (Lauren nods)
dialog: I saw an ad for a dirty hotline and
dialog: had a little phone interview and I
dialog: got the job. I’m creative and am
dialog: really good at knowing what guys
dialog: want to hear, so I was great at it.
dialog: I did it for a while and then
dialog: stopped when my grandma died and I
dialog: got her place with rent control.
dialog: But then we moved in here, I needed
dialog: to make more money for my half of
dialog: the rent, so I got back into it.
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: It's the only thing I’ve been good
dialog: at since college. Obviously, I
dialog: don’t really have a fancy
dialog: advertising job.
text: Lauren takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: So, how does it work? How do you
dialog: get the calls?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It's easy. I just call, tell them
dialog: when I’m “on,” and they forward the
dialog: calls. I get 2 bucks a minute,
dialog: which adds up to be just enough to
dialog: cover my half of the rent.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: $2.00 a minute? How much are these
dialog: guys paying?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I think $6.99? I know, how can they
dialog: afford it, right? It’s a decent
dialog: living for me though. Except that I
dialog: always go over on my cell minutes.
text: Lauren's logical side takes over.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Ok, first off, get a landline. Are
dialog: you retarded?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: And listen, I think you should know
dialog: if you’re really good at it, you’re
dialog: wasting your time getting only 2
dialog: bucks a minute. You’re the one
dialog: doing all the work and this stupid
dialog: company is making 3 times as much
dialog: as you for doing nothing. It’s
dialog: actually offensive how short-
dialog: sighted you are. Get your own
dialog: hotline.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Ok, rude. I’ve thought of that. But
dialog: I just don’t know how to even begin.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Whatever. You’re just lazy. Call
dialog: the phone company. Tell your
dialog: clients. Done.
dialog: (off Katie’s enlightened
dialog: look)
dialog: So...how do you know what to say?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Uhm, I just say what I normally say
dialog: during sex. I know every button on
dialog: aman and just when to push. When
dialog: to cradle his-
text: Lauren puts a hand up to get Katie to stop talking.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Maybe I don’t really want to know.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You must know some dirty words. Did
dialog: you talk during sex with Charlie?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Um... I would tell him he’s sexy.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I need a cold shower after that one!
text: The phone rings again from Katie’s bedroom.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just so you know, I’m going to keep
dialog: doing this. I have a gift. And if I
dialog: don’t, I can’t pay my half of the
dialog: rent. But I’ll try to keep it down.
text: Katie slips in her room and shuts the door. Lauren shakes her
text: head and then laughs to herself.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Lauren sits on the couch reading the Random House website.
text: Katie breezes through the front door holding a large shopping
text: bag and heads to her room.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (rushing to her room)
dialog: Did the phone guy come today!?
text: Lauren rolls her eyes. Katie strolls back into the living
text: room holding a pink telephone.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes he did! And look what I bought.
dialog: It’s your color, isn’t it?
text: Lauren barely looks up.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Great.
text: Katie sits down and stares at Lauren reading.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: That was nice of you to suggest I
dialog: get a land line.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: It was common sense.
text: Lauren goes back to her computer. Katie’s pained to say...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Help me make this a business.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Uh, no thanks.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: But you seem to know how to do this
dialog: stuff. Help me and I'll pay a
dialog: hundred bucks of your rent until
dialog: you get a job.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Okay, forever.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I don’t want to waste my time
dialog: helping you with your disgusting
dialog: habit. If it helps you pay the
dialog: rent, fine. Keep it quiet, keep it
dialog: in your room, I don’t want to know
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Stop acting so high and mighty. I
dialog: know you’re interested.
text: Lauren’s not a great liar, but tries to cover.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Interested? I have an interview at
dialog: Random House tomorrow. It’s my dream
dialog: job and I’m perfect for it. I
dialog: couldn't be less interested!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh reeeallly. Well, hey, that’s
dialog: fine. Go to your interview. You'll
dialog: answer all the questions just
dialog: right. You’ll sit there all prim
dialog: and proper. It’ll be just perfect.
dialog: No way you won't get that job and
dialog: have to slum it with me, right?
text: Lauren, a little unnerved, rolls her eyes and heads to her
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re not better than me. You’re
dialog: not better than phone sex!
scene_heading: INT. RANDOM HOUSE OFFICE LOBBY - AFTERNOON
text: Dressed in a sharp interview suit, Lauren anxiously waits in
text: the shiny fancy lobby lined with best sellers. She looks at
text: the walls as if she were a kid in a candy shop. RACHEL
text: RODMAN, a precise woman, looks around for her.
speaker_heading: RACHEL RODMAN
dialog: Lauren Powell?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (jumping up)
dialog: That’s me!
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. RANDOM HOUSE OFFICE - RACHEL RODMAN’S OFFICE - LATER
text: Lauren sits across from Rachel with the most excited smile
text: and talks a mile a minute and a bit like a crazy person.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: It’s just always been my dream to
dialog: work here! I’m so good with words,
dialog: and books, and authors! No one
dialog: works harder than me, either! You
dialog: wouldn’t believe it, when I was
dialog: younger, I’d do three book reports
dialog: when everyone else would do one!
speaker_heading: RACHEL RODMAN
dialog: That's very impress--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Right? And I’ve helped so many
dialog: friends with their books. So I know
dialog: I can do that. I’m such a good
dialog: helper. The other night I helped my
dialog: roommate practically triple her
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: RACHEL RODMAN
dialog: Oh, what kind of business?
text: Lauren starts to build speed as she answers. Rachel tries to
dialog: keep up.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Uhm, she’s a listener. I mean, she
dialog: works on the phone. But, god, she’s
dialog: not a telemarketer or anything. I
dialog: hate those people. I guess she’s
dialog: pretty good at it. She says she’s
dialog: creative, but I don’t really know.
dialog: I mean, who knows what she says to
dialog: those people. Or how she can even
dialog: sleep with herself at night. At
dialog: least she can pay her half of the
dialog: rent. I meant, right? And I can’t
dialog: imagine what they say to her! But,
dialog: let me tell you she can be loud! I
dialog: guess you’d have to be though! To
dialog: say that kind of stuff!? I’m so
dialog: better than that! This is way more
dialog: my speed. I’m perfect for this
dialog: place, right?! I could never do
dialog: phone sex!
text: As soon as the words are out, Lauren realizes what she’s
dialog: said.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh god. I didn’t mean to say that.
dialog: I’m just really nervous. Please
dialog: don't judge me.
text: Rachel goes white. She puts down Lauren’s resume.
speaker_heading: RACHEL RODMAN
dialog: Well okay. Look, Miss Powell, I’m
dialog: so sorry, but looking at your
dialog: resume, you're just not qualified
dialog: right now. We’ll be hiring again in
dialog: three months. Best of luck to you.
dialog: And your, uh, roommate.
scene_heading: EXT. LOU’S PLEASURE WORLD/TIMES SQUARE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: People bump into Lauren left and right as she wanders
text: aimlessly down the crowded NYC street. He phone starts to
text: ring. The caller ID reads: PARENTS. She’s stopped at a
text: crosswalk and looks up and sees: Lou’S PLEASURE WORLD. She
text: ignores the call from her parents and walks away with
dialog: purpose.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - KATIE’S ROOM - EVENING
text: Katie sits on her computer trying to design a website. It’s
dialog: such a disaster.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Fuuuck!!!! Work stupid thing!
text: She clicks a button five times and nothing happens. She puts
text: her head down. Lauren comes to the doorway.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Fuck Random House. I’m in. I want
dialog: to make a third of the profits. And
dialog: I’m not getting on the phone. This
dialog: is strictly business.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I don’t want you on the phone. You
dialog: wouldn’t have any idea what to do.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That website looks like shit. Scoot
dialog: over.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Katie carries a glass of wine to Lauren, who sits on the
text: couch with her laptop. Lauren shows Katie the website that
text: she is putting together. It’s got pictures of hot naked girls
text: and graphics of dildos, lips, and handcuffs.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oooh, I like the lips. Maybe I
dialog: should kiss some paper, and we can
dialog: scan it in so it’s more real?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: These men want to jerk off to your
dialog: voice. They don’t give two shits if
dialog: the lips are real. Let’s work
dialog: smarter, not harder. What’s the
dialog: name of your company?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: The name?
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY STORE - AFTERNOON
text: Katie and Lauren walk through the cereal aisle.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Names are so much pressure.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I thought you’re so creative.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I am, I am.
text: She grabs a box of Lucky Charms.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What about 1-900-Get-Lucky?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That’s so boring. You want
text: something emotional. Sexy.
text: They enter the produce section. Katie grabs a head of
dialog: lettuce.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: 1-900-Toss-My-Salad?
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. GRAMERCY PARK- AFTERNOON
text: The girls sit on a bench reading magazines.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I think you need a concept. Like,
dialog: what makes your line different?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It’s sex talk, what needs to be
dialog: different?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I mean, like why would they call
dialog: you, and not just watch porn? I
dialog: mean, I know what’s available out
dialog: there online and stuff.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You would be horrified at what's
dialog: available online and stuff.
scene_heading: EXT. NYC SIDEWALK RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Lauren eats salad, while Katie eats a burger. Katie notices
text: her comedy fliers in her bag. She grabs one.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey! We should make fliers!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Wow, that’s actually a good idea.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What do you mean ‘actually?’ I have
dialog: good ideas.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Sure. Just now you did.
scene_heading: INT. DUANE REED DRUGSTORE - EVENING
text: The girls buy shampoo and toothpaste at the register. Katie
text: eyes a Martha Stewart Magazine.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I think the concept of my line is
dialog: that it’s classic and old-
dialog: fashioned. No trends. Like a nice
text: black suit, it’s always in style.
dialog: None of that crazy shit that’s
dialog: online.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Classic phone sex. Good angle!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah. Wholesome sex talk. Without
text: all the donkeys.
text: The CHECKOUT GUY looks at them funny.
scene_heading: EXT. UNION SQUARE FARMER'S MARKET —- MORNING
text: The girls stroll through the market.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: How about 1-900-Phone Sex?
text: Lauren pretends to fall asleep.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine.
text: Lauren picks up a grapefruit and smells it.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Mmmnn. That smells good.
text: The noise she makes is very sexual. Katie gets an idea.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What about 1-900-Mmm—-Hmmm?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
scene_heading: You mean like 1-900-M-M-M-H-M-M-M?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (super sexual)
dialog: Mmm-Hmmm... Yes! That’s our classic
dialog: phone sex number!
text: She gets the attention of PEOPLE around them. Lauren is so
text: embarrassed and starts dragging her away.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: For a good time, call 1-900-mmm-
dialog: hmmm!
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS - AFTERNOON
text: The girls sit side by side drinking frappucinos and looking
text: at a computer. ANGLE ON the computer: The phone sex flier.
dialog: 46.
dialog: It’s so amateur and is a lot like the website - cheesy
dialog: graphics, etc.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Do you think we should put some
dialog: boobs on there?
text: Just then a 16-Year-Old-Boy, BARISTA walks by. ‘Boobs’
text: catches his attention. Katie notices.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (sexually)
dialog: Call 1-900-mmm-hmmm. I’11 tell you
dialog: all about boobs, friend. And don’t
dialog: be scared. We’re bondage free!
text: His eyes go wide and he runs away. Lauren shakes her head.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE- DAY
text: The girls are dressed super sexily. They hand out cheesy
text: PHONE SEX FLIERS to people rushing past in Times Square.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I didn’t know you had it in you.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: To look that hot.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I can look hot.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Sure. Now you do.
dialog: (hands a flier)
dialog: You like phone sex? Yeah, you do.
text: A grey-haired OLDER MAN takes the flier with a smile and
text: keeps walking. Lauren approaches a group of BUSINESS MEN.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Who likes phone sex? You, you,
dialog: and...yes, you, you know it!
text: More RANDOM MEN take fliers. Katie turns and notices the huge
text: TOYS R US store across the street. A handful of DADS stand
text: around looking bored. Katie grabs Lauren’s arm and they cross
text: the street. They now stand in front of the toy store.
dialog: 47.
text: Katie holds one out to a YOUNG DAD. The flier reads: TICKLE
scene_heading: MY EAR, I'LL TICKLE YOUR $%*@! CALL NOW! CUM LATER! CLASSIC
text: PHONE SEX WITHOUT ALL THE DONKEY’S!
speaker_heading: YOUNG DAD
dialog: Whoa! This is...interesting.
text: Young Dad quickly folds the flier in half and shoves it in
text: his pocket. Next to him stands a 4 year-old LITTLE BOY.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Are you going to get a new toy
dialog: today? Mmmm...I think toys are fun!
text: Lauren grabs Katie by the arm and drags her away.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing? I was helping
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: How? By molesting his child?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Noooo. Look, that little boy is so
dialog: young that I'd bet anything that
dialog: the mom never has sex with the dad.
dialog: I am simply giving him a very safe
text: outlet to exert his sexual energy.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (considers this)
dialog: That’s a good point. I like it.
text: Katie winks over her shoulder at Young Dad.
scene_heading: INT. LOU’S PLEASURE WORLD/TIMES SQUARE- DAY
text: Lauren and Katie enter. They are greeted by an enthusiastic
speaker_heading: INDIAN MAN.
speaker_heading: INDIAN MAN
dialog: Oh. Hello girls. Are you in the
dialog: mood for pleasure?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We were wondering if you might want
dialog: to help us spread the pleasure all
dialog: around.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: INDIAN MAN
dialog: How can I help? We sell dildos,
text: strap-ons, hot lube, vibrating
text: eggs, vibrating nipple clamps...
text: Katie wanders the aisle, looking at everything.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You see, my girlfriend and I--
speaker_heading: INDIAN MAN
dialog: Girlfriend? Oh that is so sexy. I
dialog: have sexy women who do sexy things
dialog: in my sex shop! What a great day.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We run a little phone sex line. And
dialog: we made these grrreat fliers. I was
dialog: hoping you could maybe sneak them
dialog: inside the bags when you ring
dialog: people up? Or maybe leave them on
dialog: your counter here, by the register?
text: He looks at the fliers. Katie starts wandering the aisles and
text: stops in front of some vibrators. She picks up one that says
dialog: “MY FIRST VIBRATOR! Perfect for beginners, virgins, and
text: newbies!” She turns the package around to investigate it.
speaker_heading: INDIAN MAN
dialog: (re: the tame flier)
dialog: These look like they are for guitar
dialog: lessons. Not sexy talk.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Well, you’re right. They’re not as
dialog: raunchy as they can be. But the
dialog: thing is...
dialog: (Lauren thinks about it)
dialog: In today’s scary sex world, we are
dialog: a breath of fresh sexual air. We
dialog: see our line as a classic. Like The
dialog: Beatles of the sex industry.
text: The man looks at the flier and notices the Donkey line.
speaker_heading: INDIAN MAN
dialog: Without all animals. Ok. I like you
dialog: girls and your sex line, very much.
text: I’1l hand out the fliers.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Thanks a million. My name is...Lexi
dialog: and over there is, uh, Paris.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: INDIAN MAN
dialog: Hi, Paris!
text: Katie gives a little wave, but returns to looking at the
text: vibrator with interest. Lauren walks up.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We're all set. Put that down. You
dialog: have a million of those. Your
dialog: vagina will thank you.
text: Katie puts it back quickly, as if embarrassed. The girls walk
text: out of the store.
scene_heading: INT. BORING ACCOUNTING OFFICE - EVENING
text: DALE, 42, chubby and balding, holds the phone sex flier while
text: talking into the phone. He pants and hits buttons on his
text: calculator feverishly.
speaker_heading: DALE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Oh I’ve got a big return for you
dialog: this year!
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Katie’s on her pink phone while Lauren cringes and works on
text: an excel spreadsheet.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Do my taxes! Do ‘em! I’ve got all my
dialog: receipts for you! And I’ve been so
dialog: bad!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Are they all messy in your box? I
dialog: can sort them. Sort them hard!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yes, reach in my box! Grab my
dialog: receipts! Give me a big refund!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I’ve got them! All those receipts!
dialog: (climaxing)
dialog: I’m calculating! I’m calculating!
text: Dale collapses with pleasure.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Dale? You all done?... Great. Make
dialog: sure you give us a call again soon!
text: Katie hangs up and looks at Lauren.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What was that? Like ten minutes?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Twelve! And at $6.99 a minute
dialog: that’s a lot! Look at this.
text: She turns her computer to face Katie. Katie looks confused.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: I just want you to know how awesome I
dialog: am. We’ve made $3000 in three weeks.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No shit. Really?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: And I’ve been thinking, maybe we
dialog: can get a sucker to work for us the
dialog: way you worked for that other
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I think you’d be a great sucker.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Of your dad.
dialog: (she’s proud of her joke)
dialog: No. I’m not doing it.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I was kidding. I would never let you
dialog: do it. You’re prude and buttoned-up
dialog: and it would never work. Even your
dialog: pajamas go up to your neck!
text: Lauren looks down at her pajamas and sighs. The phone rings.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I‘1l put an ad on craigslist. That
dialog: thing’s full of dirty stuff.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Dirty stuff? Are you turned on by
dialog: saying something that sexy?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Answer the phone.
dialog: 51.
text: Katie smiles and answers.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: 1-900-mmm-hmmm? Hey, didn’t you
dialog: call me yesterday, big dick boy?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. MESSY BROOKLYN APARTMENT - SIMULTANEOUS
text: SEAN, 28 with messy hair and a cute face, sits in his dude-
dialog: ish apartment.
speaker_heading: SEAN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Ha. Uh, yeah. That’s me, I guess.
dialog: How’s it going?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I just love to hear your voice. Let
dialog: me just put you on with billing,
dialog: okay? And I'll be right back.
dialog: (hands the phone to
dialog: Lauren)
dialog: A repeat caller! Damn, I’m good!
text: Lauren smiles and takes the phone.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I'll just need your credit card.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT— LAUREN’S ROOM - LATER THAT
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: Katie is passed out on the couch, while Lauren sits in the
text: pedicure chair looking at her laptop. She looks at Charlie's
text: facebook pictures of him in Italy. He’s happy and carefree.
text: The pink phone rings again, but Katie’s fast asleep. Lauren
text: looks at the phone and raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (quietly to herself)
dialog: Hey there, cowboy. I just stepped
dialog: out of the shower, actually...
text: Lauren laughs to herself. She reaches for the phone, when...
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: What do you think you're doing?
text: Lauren turns to see Katie’s eyes are open.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don’t know what came over me! I
dialog: think wanna do it with you.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’m sorry, I just don’t have those
dialog: kinds of feelings for you.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Shut up. I want to be our second
dialog: operator.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I don’t think so.
text: She gets up. Lauren follows her into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I was just thinking maybe Charlie
dialog: was right. I am boring.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You are. But I just don’t believe
dialog: you can do it.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I can! I know I can. Look, this
dialog: past month of doing this with you
dialog: has been cooler than everything
dialog: I've ever done. It’s the first time
dialog: since I was five that I haven’t had
dialog: a plan for every moment of my day.
dialog: And I like it!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Sorry. You’ve got a great head for
dialog: business. No doubt. But--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: But nothing. We are 5 years out of
dialog: college. You own a collapsible
dialog: stripper pole. Until I helped you,
dialog: you handed out comedy fliers in
dialog: times square and worked for a
dialog: shitty phone sex line at night. Is
dialog: that really your dream?
text: Katie shrugs and walks back to the living room. Lauren follows.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: I didn’t envision myself living
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: I didn’t see myself ending up as a
dialog: home health aide that masquerades
dialog: as a literary agent’s assistant. I
dialog: NEVER saw myself getting fired.
dialog: None of this is ideal.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: But you’re like a Disney princess.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: There’s no market for that?
speaker_heading: KATIE
text: Say “dripping-hole-clenches” while
text: swinging on the pole.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What does that even mean?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Do it.
text: Lauren reluctantly and very stiffly swings on the pole.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Dripping. Hole. Clenches?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We’ve got a lot of work to do.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM— MORNING
text: Lauren and Katie sit across from one another on the couch,
text: both with their cell phones to their ears. A huge box of sex
text: toys sits between them.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Okay, let’s simulate a call.
text: Lauren nods. Katie takes a dildo and puts it in her mouth.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: (with her mouth full)
dialog: Umph, I looaf your coth in my mouf!
text: Katie gestures for Lauren to do the same thing. Lauren
text: hesitates and grabs a dildo. She stops and giggles.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I can’t. I want to, but I just
dialog: can’t.
dialog: 58
dialog: 54.
text: Katie takes out the dildo. 58
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Pull yourself together! You have to
dialog: take this seriously. I’m going out.
dialog: You stay here. Listen for my call.
dialog: Focus!
text: Katie leaves the apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAMERCY PARK / INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT,
scene_heading: LAUREN’S BEDROOM - A LITTLE LATER
text: Katie dials her phone while watching kids play.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: I was hoping you’d answer.
text: Lauren sits in her room and grabs the pink phone.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: (attempts sexy)
dialog: I've been waiting for your call.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Tell me what you’re wearing, you
dialog: dirty little slut.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: It's this really cute dress from
dialog: Ella Moss!
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: NO! You're wearing a lacy pink
text: thong and a bra that’s so tight
dialog: around your heaving breasts.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Ugh, ok. Sorry.
dialog: (sexy)
text: I’m wearing a lacy pink thong and a
dialog: bra that’s so tight around my
text: heaving breasts.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: I want you to know how tight my
dialog: pants are around my cock right now.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE (Music Up):
text: -Lauren and Katie sit at their KITCHEN TABLE. There’s a
text: chalkboard on the wall. There are three columns of words:
text: adjectives, nouns, and verbs... all sexually charged.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, you're just going to say the
text: words as I point to them.
text: Lauren cringes and nods.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hard. Cock. Jams.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Say it like you mean it.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Slippery. Snatch. Opens?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Next.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Throbbing. Tip. Ooozes?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It’s a start. Let’s keep going.
text: -Katie and Lauren are in line at STARBUCKS. They see a GUY IN
scene_heading: AN UGLY SWEATER.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: Ugly sweater!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I was just thinking the same thing!
text: They share a smile.
text: -Katie comes out of a dressing room at BLOOMINGDALES. She
text: wears a sweater that has a much higher neck than she’s used
text: to. Lauren is impressed.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I look... like you.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I know!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I‘1l buy it if you can convince me
dialog: I should.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Here?
dialog: 56.
text: Katie nods. Lauren looks around. She sighs.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: That sweater makes me feel so hot.
dialog: I want to rub your breasts in that
dialog: sweater. I want to rub my own
dialog: breasts looking at you in that
dialog: sweater.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Keep going, and I’1l wear it home.
text: -Katie and Lauren are at the KITCHEN TABLE looking at the
text: chalkboard. Lauren has a bit more confidence.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
text: Sensitive. Nipple. Hardens.
text: Katie beams.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Tight. Asshole. Burns.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Mmm...maybe burning is not a good
dialog: one.
text: Katie erases burns from the list.
text: -Back at STARBUCKS, the girls stand in front of the 16-year-
text: old boy Barista that Katie freaked out with the number before.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ok. This isn’t just a job. It’s a
dialog: lifestyle. You ready?
text: Lauren nods. They step up to the counter.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ll have a hazelnut latte with an
dialog: extra shot. Venti. And I like it
dialog: (sexily)
dialog: Really hot.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: And I’ll have a sugar free, decaf
text: ice-coffee. Tall.
text: Lauren hesitates. Katie nudges her.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: (reluctant, then sultry)
dialog: With heavy cream. Please.
dialog: 57.
text: The barista is uncomfortably turned on and turns away. Lauren
text: looks to Katie for her approval. Katie is full of pride.
text: -Lauren continues telling Katie how great the sweater is at
scene_heading: BLOOMINGDALES.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Just the thought of your body
text: underneath that soft, supple
dialog: cashmere... That sweater would look
dialog: even better with your pants off. On
dialog: the floor of my bedroom. Then, you
dialog: could take the sweater and tie my
text: hands with it. And then, my body
dialog: will be all yours. Do you mind if I
dialog: rub my nipples while I do this?
text: Just then, a WOMAN pokes her head out of one of the dressing
text: rooms giving them a quizzical look. Katie gives her a little
text: wave. The woman goes back in her room. The girls laugh.
text: -Lauren, now dances on a chair at the KITCHEN TABLE.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Slippery! Tit! Ride! Slippery! Tit!
dialog: Ride!
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE
scene_heading: EXT. GRAMERCY PARK- CONTINUED FROM THE SCENE BEFORE MONTAGE
text: Katie sits on the bench in the park with her phone.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: There ya go! I just blew my load
dialog: all over your tits! I’1l be right
dialog: back.
text: She shuts her phone with satisfaction. JOEY, 6, waddles over.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: What’s a dirty slut?
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - KATIE’S ROOM - EVENING
text: The pink phone rings. Katie answers.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: 1900-mmm-—hmmm?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RANDOM TRUCK STOP - EVENING
text: LOU, 45, chubby, scruffy, and clad in flannel, lays in the
text: bed of his truck. He talks into the phone. A flier is next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DALE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: (lying)
dialog: Well, hey there. This is my first
dialog: time calling, but I’ve heard that
dialog: maybe it’s possible to talk to you
dialog: and a friend? I’m real lonely.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh, really? I think we could do
dialog: that. Can you hang on there Mr. Mr?
dialog: (covers the phone and
dialog: shouts)
text: LAUREN! GET IN HERE!
text: A moment later, Lauren pokes her head in the door.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You need me to run the card?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yes. And then, I need you to stay.
dialog: It's time for your first call and
dialog: it’s a special one. A two on one.
dialog: Rare and we can charge double.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Are you sure we’re there?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Let’s just do it.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: The camera pans across romantic candles, leading us to
text: Katie’s tangled sheets. Lauren and Katie sit on opposite
text: sides of the bed. They look at each other and softly smile.
text: Katie’s pink phone sits between the two of them on speaker.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You’re gonna be sooo good.
text: She seductively hits the “speaker” button on the phone.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (seductively)
dialog: You still there?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's Kitty, and I’ve brought a
dialog: friend. Her name is...
text: Katie looks at Lauren. Lauren panics for a moment. Katie
text: softly touches her leg and nods. Lauren’s panic fades.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Angel. I’m Angel. And I’ve heard
dialog: you've been a bad boy and I’m here
dialog: to save you.
text: Katie beams. So does Lauren. It’s on!
text: Lou takes a disgusting and sensuous bite of a chili dog.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Oh, I need to be saved. What do you
dialog: look like, my Angel?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You should see her, bad boy Lou.
text: Her skin is soft, milky, supple.
text: I’m caressing it with my tongue.
text: Lauren is flattered. She mouths “thank you!”
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Which part are you caressing?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: My nipples. And it feels soooo
dialog: good. The way Kitty touches
dialog: anything ignites such fire. I feel
dialog: like my insides are burning!
text: Katie smiles at Lauren, blushing slightly.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Oh, yeah, burn, burn! Now, kiss
dialog: each other.
text: Lou caresses his own nipple through his flannel shirt.
text: Lauren looks at Katie. She doesn’t know what to do.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I was hoping for that.
text: Katie starts making out with her hand and moaning. She nudges
text: Lauren to do the same. Lauren laughs and copies her.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmmnmmn. She’s such a good kisser,
dialog: Louie. You should see her lips.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
text: So plump and beautiful. So wet and
dialog: luscious.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Really? Is she wet anywhere else?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Wha-! I mean, ohhhh yeaaaah I am.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Angel, what do Kitty’s panties look
dialog: like?
text: Katie lifts up her skirt with pride. Lauren laughs at first
text: and then notices how cute they are!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: They are so cute! And very sexy.
dialog: Pink and lacy and her ass is--
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: So tight! Wow!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: Stripper pole!
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Spank her! Spank her!
dialog: Lou spanks himself!
text: Katie and Lauren hear his slaps. Lauren doesn’t know what to
text: do! Katie just starts smacking her thigh. Lauren follows!
speaker_heading: LOU (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you spanking each other?!
dialog: Angel, you’re no angel!
text: Lauren’s so into the spanking, she forgets her name until
text: Katie nudges her.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, shit. Sorry. Uh, you make me
dialog: such a bad girl! And so does Miss
dialog: kitty.
dialog: (really looks at Katie)
text: She is so pretty, Lou. Her eyes are
text: beautiful. And her hair is soft
text: around her face.
text: Katie is so flattered.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I'd kill for Angel's breasts, Lou.
dialog: Her whole body is... is...
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Is what? WHAT?!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: HOT!
speaker_heading: LOU (0.S.)
dialog: Oh man, oh man! You girls are wild!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (honest)
dialog: Angel is really nice, too. She’s
dialog: kind and friendly. So sweet and
dialog: honest.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (flattered)
dialog: And Kitty’s fun and outgoing. She
dialog: is always having a good time.
speaker_heading: LOU (0.S.)
dialog: Uh, okay. Do you have strap ons?
text: Lauren looks at Katie. “Do they?”
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (getting back to sexy talk)
dialog: You bet we do. That’s the best
dialog: part.
text: Katie grabs the box of sex shit from under the bed and pulls
text: out a wide belt. It makes noise as she plays with it.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: I hear it! Now fuck her! Fuck her
dialog: like a bad angel!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You got it!
text: Katie pulls out a packet of pudding from under the bed. She
text: smears the squishy liquid on the speaker of the phone.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you hear that?
speaker_heading: LOU (0.S.)
dialog: Oh god! Oh god!
dialog: 62.
text: Katie starts jumping on the bed. Lauren follows! They jump
text: and make sexy noises while the bed creaks and squeaks.
text: Lou honks his loud semi-trunk horn!
speaker_heading: LOU (
speaker_heading: O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m cumming!!! AHH !
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Sunlight streams into the living room. Lauren is sprawled
text: across the couch and Katie is in the fetal position ina
text: chair. Katie’s eyes slowly open. She sees Lauren still
text: sleeping. She tries to get up quietly, but knocks into the
text: coffee table. Lauren’s head pops up. She has major bed head.
text: Katie is frozen. They look at each other awkwardly.
text: Katie pulls a blanket around her fully clothed body.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hey.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Uhm, did we...?
text: Katie can’t look her in the eye. She nods.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Look, I don’t want--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (with complete excitement)
dialog: That was the best night of my life!
dialog: That was so exhilarating! So fun!
dialog: Thank you so much!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Really?! That’s so great! You were
dialog: so amazing and everything I thought
dialog: you'd be! So willing, so open, so
dialog: vocal!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I know! I’m such a slut!
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: A slut that made $400 in one night!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Really?! Get outta town!
text: The girls laugh. A moment later, the laughter fades and they
dialog: just smile.
speaker_heading: KATIE
text: (gestures to herself and
dialog: Lauren)
dialog: Well I never saw this coming.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Seriously.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I have a friend who’s a girl. And I
dialog: like it! You can stay.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Uh, nothing. What time is it?
dialog: (looks at a clock)
dialog: Whoa, it’s noon. We’re so women of
dialog: the night. I’m gonna go hand out
dialog: some more fliers I think. Ooh, I
dialog: almost forgot.
text: Katie runs into her room and then returns with a pink phone.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: For you. You've earned it.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Really? I’m touched.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yup. But, don’t forget. With great
dialog: power, comes great responsibility.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I gave it to you because you said I
dialog: have a sexy ass!
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, KITCHEN- EARLY EVENING
text: Lauren cooks chicken in a pan while holding a pink phone to
text: her ear. Steam rises from the pan.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: I’m soooo hot for you, Greg... My
text: breasts are heaving.
text: She pokes the chicken breasts and juice oozes from them.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. POLITICAL OFFICE - SIMULTANEOUS
text: HAROLD ALEXANDER, 57 and gray, sits in his desk chair, in his
text: fancy office. An American Flag hangs next to a picture of
text: George W. Bush. A window looks out at the Capital. He talks
text: into the phone.
speaker_heading: HAROLD (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: I bet they are. Are you grabbing
dialog: them while you say the pledge? Say
dialog: the Pledge of Allegiance, baby.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, I pledge. Pledge to your giant
dialog: hard flag.
text: Lauren can’t believe she said that as paints sauce onto her
dialog: chicken.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: It's waving for you! Tell me, do
dialog: you vote, Delilah? You do don’t
dialog: you? How often do you vote for
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh I vote all day every day.
dialog: (pokes her chicken)
dialog: I vote so hard! I’d love to have
dialog: you in my voting booth, Harold.
dialog: Come in my voting booth!
text: Just then, Katie walks in the door holding a shopping bag.
text: Lauren motions for her to be quiet and goes back to the call.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: I think I’m gonna pass a bill,
dialog: Delilah!
text: Harold grabs a copy of the bill of rights.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yeah you are! Make it a good one!
dialog: Free healthcare for everyone!
dialog: 65.
text: Harold is too close to realize that non-sexy statement.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Legislatiiiioooonnnnnn!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh Harold. It’s like the 4th of
dialog: July... You too. You have a great
dialog: night then. Call me back soon. Bye
dialog: bye!
text: Lauren hangs up the phone. She and Katie laugh.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: That seemed... patriotic.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Well, I might not be quite as good
dialog: as you on the phone, but I’m
dialog: learning.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And I’m not as good as you with the
dialog: business stuff. But together, we’re
dialog: a great team.
text: She hugs Lauren and hands her the shopping bag.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Did you just hug me and give me a
dialog: gift? I’m starting to not know who
dialog: you are anymore.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I just came from the ATM and let me
dialog: tell you, it was good. It was
dialog: reeeaaal goood. That’s a present
dialog: and I got one too. We’re going out!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: But I cooked dinner.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And you're still boring. Open it.
text: Lauren pulls a beautiful purple purse from the bag. She’s
dialog: ecstatic!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Let’s go out!
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY LOUNGE - THAT NIGHT
text: Jesse watches in awe while Katie and Lauren are in a world
text: for two laughing, dancing, and wearing fancy outfits. Lauren
text: brushes hair from Katie’s face.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I like it in front because it
text: covers up the bags under my eyes
dialog: from staying up all night.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You’re the one that answered that
dialog: 4:00AM call!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: But you were so on. We couldn’t--
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Hello? Who are you and where are
dialog: Jen and Angie?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Aniston and Jolie? They hate each
dialog: other. Well, they should at least.
dialog: Nevermind. Look, when you
dialog: (points to Lauren)
dialog: called to go out I thought ‘Fine,
dialog: Lauren rarely leaves the house
dialog: after 8:00PM, so I’ll go but I’m
dialog: not going to sit through a bitch
dialog: fest about Katie.’ Then, I arrive
dialog: and find none other than you and
dialog: Katie as fric and frac. You even
dialog: have matching purses! I might have
dialog: expected this from you
dialog: (points to Lauren again)
dialog: But Katie, matching purses?!
text: Katie and Lauren look at their matching purple purses which
text: dangle from purse hooks on their table.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We're friends now.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: But you hated each other.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And now we don’t. I’m thinking of
dialog: ordering those mini-sliders.
dialog: (to Lauren)
dialog: If I get them, will you get the
dialog: tuna rolls and we’ll share?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oooh, totally. With a side of fries?
text: Katie opens her mouth to say “yes.”
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Something's going on here. Are
dialog: those Rebecca Minkhoff purses?
dialog: (to Lauren)
dialog: Didn’t you lose your job a month
dialog: and a half ago?
text: Lauren nods.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: She got a great severance.
text: Jesse looks at Lauren who stares down at the ground.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I know someone who’s not a good
dialog: liar. Someone who hates lying. Who
dialog: thinks that with every lie, one bad
dialog: thing happens in return. Someone--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We’re running a phone sex line!
text: Jesse's shocked by Lauren’s pride in that sentence.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I can explain, ok?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: The sex for money suggestion was a
dialog: joke!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Please don’t think I’m a whore.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: A whore!? This is awesome! Tell me
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I've been doing it on and off since
dialog: college.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This one caught me one night and
dialog: has since revolutionized the whole
dialog: business. And let me tell you, she
dialog: is good.
text: Lauren smiles with pride. Jesse is stumped and impressed.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: This is why you disappeared the last
dialog: month. I thought you were in a deep
dialog: depression. This is... shocking.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I know. I didn’t think little bo
dialog: peep had it in her either!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We should do a little bo peep call!
dialog: A whole thing with nursery rhymes!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: OMG, this is crazy. Who are you? I
dialog: want to write a book about it. What
dialog: are the calls like? Are they all so
dialog: creepy?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Well, yes. 99% of them are insane.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: But, the 1% isn’t so bad.
text: Katie grins. Jesse’s interest is piqued. Lauren rolls her
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Will you stop talking about that
dialog: guy? He calls a phone sex line. You
dialog: can’t like him.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (ignores her, to Jesse)
dialog: He’s so funny and nice. I call him
dialog: Big Dick Boy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Big Dick Boy? I like it!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: His real name is Sean, and I really
dialog: like talking to him. Which I do
dialog: almost every night.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
text: He probably looks like Shrek and is
dialog: a total deviant.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What kind of stuff is he into?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: He likes superhero movies, bike
dialog: riding, watersports--
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: He likes when girls pee on him?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Or he likes to pee on girls?
speaker_heading: KATIE
text: Eww. No. He has a jet ski.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I meant, what is he into, sexually?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh...I can’t tell you that. And we
dialog: don’t even have phone sex that much
dialog: anymore! We just catch up and he’s
dialog: just so fun to talk to.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: This is crazy. I have nothing left
dialog: to say about it.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: This has you dead in an alley
text: written all over it.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We're just talking! What’s the big
dialog: deal?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We just care, okay?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Okay, stop. I love you two
dialog: together. Look at the love between
dialog: you former enemies!
text: A HOT WAITER comes over.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Did you wanna order some food?
dialog: 70.
text: Jesse begins to order. Katie and Lauren smile at each other
text: and then shyly look down at their menus.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT —- KATIE’S ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Katie rolls around on her bed and laughs hysterically into
dialog: the phone.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. MESSY BROOKLYN APARTMENT - SIMULTANEOUS
speaker_heading: SEAN (INTO THE PHONE)
dialog: I’m coming, I’m coming!
speaker_heading: KATIE (INTO THE PHONE)
dialog: No, you did not say that!
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Well, I had the pizzas and the
dialog: table was waiting for them, so what
dialog: else what I going to say?! So, I
dialog: was bringing them over, everyone's
text: shouting, the opera guy is singing,
dialog: and all of a sudden, I slip, and
dialog: both pizzas land right on me!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Well that does sound like a
dialog: stressful day. Let’s see what we
dialog: can do to de-stress you.
speaker_heading: SEAN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: I like that. I actually had
dialog: something in mind.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You did, did you? You want me to
dialog: tell you what I’m wearing?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Actually, I was thinking that I
dialog: could see it?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: A couple of weeks ago you mentioned
dialog: you live in NY.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I assumed you do because you
dialog: said you like to see movies in
dialog: Times Square. I live in Brooklyn. I
dialog: didn’t want to freak you out or
dialog: anything, so I didn’t tell you.
dialog: But, I don’t know, we get along so
dialog: well on the phone, and we haven't
dialog: had phone sex in a week, but we
dialog: still talk everyday. Maybe we could
dialog: meet up? Like maybe Friday?
text: Katie is silent.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Please don’t freak out. I’m not
dialog: crazy, I promise. Even though I
dialog: call you, I swear I’m not psycho.
dialog: We can meet in public.
dialog: (Katie’s still silent)
dialog: I’m sorry. This is weird. I've
dialog: ruined everything now. I
dialog: shouldn’t’ve-
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Okay. Let’s do it.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Really? You don’t have-
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I want to.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Oh man, Roxy, I can’t wait to meet
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh uh, yeah. My name’s Katie.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT— AFTERNOON
text: Lauren, in her pajamas, sits at the coffee table with her
text: laptop. Katie sheepishly comes out of her room.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That’s $3,537 for July. No...for
dialog: those two weeks in July. We’re so
dialog: rich! Should we call a lawyer?
dialog: Wait, how long was that call you
dialog: were just on?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I have a situation. Remember last
dialog: week when I mentioned that I kinda
dialog: sorta talk to that guy a lot?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
text: The one that looks like Shrek who
dialog: you're not supposed to talk to
dialog: anymore?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We have a date on Friday night.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You've got to be joking!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No. He lives in Brooklyn. I like
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You can’t go on a date with a guy
dialog: who calls phone sex lines. That’s
dialog: insane. No. Over my dead body. Or
dialog: yours. Which it will be after you
dialog: go out with this murderer rapist.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Please? I haven’t been on a date in
dialog: 8 months.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Okay. Fine. Only if you do it my
dialog: way.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN'S APARTMENT— LIVING ROOM - A LITTLE
scene_heading: LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Lauren holds out a pair of tiny Spanx (an undergarment like
text: bicycle shorts) to Katie, who stands in her bra and underwear.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Put this on.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Way too small for me. It would
dialog: never fit.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That’s the point! He can never get
dialog: this off. It’s rape-prevention wear
dialog: and part of STEP ONE! Put IT on.
dialog: 73.
text: Lauren thrusts the biker short panty thing at Katie. It looks
text: like it would fit a Barbie doll. Katie grumbles and starts
text: ungracefully shoving herself into it. Lauren goes into the
text: kitchen and comes back out holding a can of RAID.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Step two: Protective spray.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: He’s a human, not a roach.
text: Katie yelps as she hops and falls from the halfway on spanx.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Pull yourself together! I don’t
dialog: have mace, so this is for you to
dialog: put in your purse. If anything
dialog: happens, spray this. Right in his
dialog: eyes! Got it?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What the hell purse would that even
dialog: fit in?
text: Lauren pulls out a giant Land’s End tote bag.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You can borrow this. I’ve filled it
dialog: already with some other stuff.
text: Katie peeks inside and sees: a knife, scissors, glue, a small
text: radio, and small pillow.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Uh, thanks. I guess. These’ll be
dialog: great for the arts and craft
dialog: portion of our date.
text: Katie finally gets the underwear on. Lauren pulls out a pair
text: of NAIL CLIPPERS from her own purse.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh yeah, I don’t have a Swiss Army
dialog: knife, but with this you could...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Clip his nails?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No. The sharp thing, just pull it
dialog: out and poke him with it!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Right in the cuticle?
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Anywhere! This is a risky move and
dialog: I‘1l only allow it if you agree.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Okay, okay. Gimme the clippers.
dialog: Hell, put’em in my tote bag.
dialog: (stands proudly in the
dialog: spanx)
dialog: I am ready to survive date rape!
dialog: Now, do I have to keep these on
dialog: until Friday?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No. Cause I’ll be there to chaperone.
scene_heading: EXT. NYC STREET - NEWSTAND - EVENING
text: Lauren and Katie hold up magazines in front of their faces.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: At first, maybe it was just phone
dialog: sex, and then, over time, he became
dialog: more and more obsessed. He clips your
dialog: number from his phone bill every
text: month and tapes it on his walls. He
dialog: makes drawings of you and what you
dialog: might look like. Finally, he’s
dialog: decided it’s time to kill you and has
dialog: tricked you into thinking it’s ok.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You might be even scarier than him.
text: Katie peeks over the top of her magazine. She sees two guys
text: across the street at another newsstand. They also hold up
text: magazines and Sean looks over his and sees Katie.
text: Katie covers her face with her magazine.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ohmygod, ohmygod. He’s across the
dialog: street. I just know it’s him.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Really?
text: She peaks over her magazine. And then hides again.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: I saw him! He’s on the move! I’m
dialog: calling 911.
dialog: 75.
text: Lauren reaches for her phone when Sean and JOE, 28 walk up.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Hey, I’m Sean.
text: Katie puts down her magazine and faces Sean. She likes what
text: she sees. Lauren looks down and notices his heavy black
text: boots. She grabs Katie.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: He’s wearing serial killer boots!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (notices them)
dialog: Oh, stop it. He’s cute.
text: Katie rushes back to Sean. Lauren pushes her way in.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, sorry about that.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hi, I’m Lauren. Katie’s friend.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Hey, nice to meet you.
dialog: (to Katie)
dialog: You're so pretty.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And you're... not a serial killer?
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Not in a few years!
text: Lauren and Katie uncomfortably laugh.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Kidding. So kidding.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Should we all go get some food?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (whispers to Lauren)
dialog: I can do this. I have the kit.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, I don’t know if--
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (to Sean)
dialog: I’m ready.
dialog: 76.
text: And they’re off. Lauren is left with Joe - who’s really not
text: attractive and looks unshowered.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Wanna catch a movie?
text: She shuffles away.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM- NIGHT
text: Lauren sits on the couch, flipping through a magazine. She
text: looks restless, and rifles around. She spies a small wood BOX
text: on the coffee table and cautiously opens it. Inside is a half-
text: smoked JOINT and a LIGHTER.
text: Lauren stares at it and closes the box. She goes to get up
text: and then opens the box again, chuckles to herself.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, what the heck.
text: Lauren lights the joint. She smokes. Coughs a little. Smokes
text: some more and then begins to grin. She moves to the stereo
dialog: and puts on I Wanna Dance With Somebody by Whitney Houston.
text: Lauren sets down the joint and grabs her phone.
scene_heading: INT. BARCADE - BROOKLYN - THAT SAME NIGHT
text: Katie and Sean play skeeball at the crowded and very cool
dialog: bar/arcade. He gets 100pts every roll!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Wow! You’ve got a strong arm.
text: He holds a skeeball tightly.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Oh, nothing can escape this grip!
dialog: (Off Katie’s wide eyes)
dialog: I used to play at the Family Fun
dialog: Center every Friday and Saturday
dialog: night growing up. I even won some
dialog: tournaments!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Weird that you’d have to call up a
dialog: phone sex line just to meet a girl.
text: She smiles. He loves it.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: So maybe the ladies weren’t as
dialog: turned on by it as I would have
dialog: hoped...Listen, I know it’s weird
dialog: that I called a phone sex line.
dialog: This only makes me more of a loser,
dialog: but my high school girlfriend went
dialog: to BU and I went to USC-- we had a
dialog: lot of phone calls and, you know.
dialog: After we broke up, it was just what
dialog: I was used to. So I do it here and
dialog: there when I’m lonely. And then
dialog: there was you. And your line feels
dialog: safe. Cause some of that shit out
dialog: there is nuts.
text: She winks and rolls a ball. She gets 20 points.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me show you how it’s done.
text: He walks over behind her and grabs her hand that has a ball
text: in it. He helps her throw it. She gets 50! They cheer!
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, LAUREN’S ROOM- A LITTLE
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Lauren lays back on her bed in something frilly and sexy. She
text: dials Charlie and waits.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Hey, sexy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: It’s me, Lauren. I missed you. It’s
dialog: been like 2 months. Don’t you miss
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, hey. You know, it’s awfully
dialog: late here. I was sleeping.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, does that mean you’re in bed?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, yes it does.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Because I’m in bed, too, Charlie.
dialog: I'm wearing a sexy little pink
text: teddy. It has a matching thong.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You don’t wear those.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I do now. But I could take it off
dialog: if you like?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (weirded out)
dialog: Uh... I, uh, really gotta get back
dialog: to sleep, but I’m glad you called.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You have to go? Are you kidding?
dialog: I’m just getting started.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I've got a really early meeting.
dialog: I’1l1 call you soon though. Bye.
text: Lauren stares at the phone, dumbfounded.
scene_heading: EXT. BARCADE - BROOKLYN - THAT SAME NIGHT
text: Katie and Sean leave the bar laughing and having fun. She
text: starts heading toward the subway.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Where ya going?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: The subway?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: But my car’s right here.
text: Katie sees it: It’s a dark window-less van.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: That’s... yours?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Ha! I’m kidding. What am I? A
dialog: rapist?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No! I didn’t say that, did I?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: That’s mine over there.
text: He points to a beat up Honda Civic. Katie exhales.
scene_heading: INT. SEAN’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sean moves a large box of black trash bags, a rope, and video
text: camera off the passenger seat for Katie to sit.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Sorry about all my stuff.
text: Katie stares at the trash bags.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Whatcha puttin’ in those big boys?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I find that after I cut up my
dialog: dates, the trash bags make the
dialog: clean up and disposal of them
dialog: really easy.
text: She freezes.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm kidding! I’m not a serial
dialog: killer, or rapist, or strangler, or
dialog: anything harmful, okay? I make
dialog: movies. Not dirty ones either. The
dialog: bags darken rooms when we are
text: trying to make it night.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh man, I’m sorry. Lauren totally
dialog: freaked me out. I like you.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I like you too.
scene_heading: INT. SEAN’S CAR/EXT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - THAT SAME
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Katie and Sean make out in the car. It’s sweet and soft. They
text: separate and look at each other. Then, hungrily, he goes back
text: in for more. His hands start moving around her back. He
text: slides his hand around her waist and then starts to move it
text: up her shirt. That’s when Katie abruptly pulls herself away.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: This was fun! Let’s hang out again
dialog: soon!
text: She turns and runs inside leaving Sean dumbfounded.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, KITCHEN - A LITTLE LATER
text: Lauren sits with a musical keyboard on her lap.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: He doesn’t think I’m sexy? Hmph!
text: She hits record and then moans repeatedly. She then presses
text: key and it plays the sound back. Lauren laughs to herself.
text: Katie comes running in the front door.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Look what I did!
text: Lauren hits a bunch of keys on the keyboard and a chorus of
text: sexual noises play. She’s so proud and then notices Katie’s
text: panicked face.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Ohmygod! Is he chasing you?! I’11l
dialog: call the cops!
text: Lauren reaches for the phone, but Katie stops her.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No! No, stop. It was... great. He’s
dialog: so cool. And it was never awkward, I
dialog: mean, it was the best date I ever
dialog: had, until... Well, we were kissing.
text: Katie crumples and puts her head in her arms.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What? Did he rip my spanx?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No...
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: I'm a...
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Werewolf?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Virgin.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I’m sorry, what?
text: Katie sits up.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You heard me.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You're not serious.
dialog: (off Katie’s nod)
dialog: Well I’1l be damned. Since when?
dialog: (Katie looks at her)
dialog: I mean, why? How?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: So, I was at the mall having Bourbon
dialog: chicken with my sister when I was
dialog: 13. She told me, don’t have sex in
dialog: high school. Only sluts do that.
dialog: Then, for your first time, just be
dialog: in love. And after that, just have
dialog: fun. And I was never...in love. Or
dialog: no one was in love with me, I don’t
dialog: know. I created this whole fake slut
dialog: thing cause I was embarrassed, and
dialog: it got so out of control. And now,
dialog: men just expect it and I clam up
dialog: and...I’m scared now. That I won’t
dialog: be good at it.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: But what about... Dripping hole
dialog: clenches?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’m a sham, okay?! I’m all talk!
dialog: Literally!
text: Lauren takes a deep breath. She sits down next to Katie.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: If you had said you were a European
dialog: Princess I would have been less
dialog: shocked.
text: Katie whimpers.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, Katie. Okay, you know what?
dialog: Tina Fey lost her virginity at like
dialog: 28! And, you’re going to be great
dialog: at sex.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Trust me, if your body can keep up
dialog: with your mouth, you’ll be mind-
dialog: blowing. And being in love when you
dialog: do it? That'll only make it better.
dialog: If Sean is a great guy he’1l wait,
dialog: and it will be so much better than
dialog: having your first time with just
dialog: anyone. It will have been worth the
dialog: wait. I’m so...proud of you.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Did your mom say that to you when
dialog: you told her you were a virgin?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: My mom doesn’t even think girls
dialog: should say the word vagina.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’m such a loser.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Listen... You didn’t see yourself
dialog: as a virgin at 28. But I didn’t see
dialog: myself as a phone sex operator,
dialog: either, you know?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It isn’t exactly your dream.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Exactly. But, I kinda like it. And
dialog: what I’m saying is...where we are
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: -..-isn’t that bad?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CONFERENCE ROOM- DAY
text: Lauren, Katie and Jesse stand around wearing name tags. A
text: large banner reads: AMHERST LITERARY LUNCHEON. WELCOME GRADS!
text: A GROUP OF BITCHES cluster nearby, gabbing about themselves
text: and eating cream puffs.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It’s so good to see all these
dialog: friendly Amherst Lit faces. I can’t
dialog: wait to tell them I’m working on my
dialog: novel. Has anyone seen that guy
dialog: Gary? He’s got to be gay by now.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I think your brilliant story about
text: a young man in clown college who
text: truly finds himself after having a
dialog: homo-erotic relationship with an
text: acrobat will be misunderstood by
dialog: this crowd.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're right. It’s too layered.
text: Lauren looks distracted. She waves to AUDREY,a late-20's
text: fellow Amherst grad, from across the room. Audrey comes over.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Shit. She’s coming over. She
dialog: probably thinks I work at Penguin
dialog: by now and can help her network.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Well, she’s in for a real fucking
dialog: surprise, am I right?
text: Katie does a motion where she mimes talking on the phone
text: while sucking a penis. Lauren laughs and relaxes.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yeah, you’re right. I’m very
dialog: successful. I’m going to be honest
dialog: and just...rock her world.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: This oughtta be good.
text: Audrey squeals and throws her arms around Lauren.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Lauren Powell! I haven’t seen you
dialog: at one of these luncheons in two
dialog: years! This is fantastic.
text: Lauren nods and steps back, but Audrey holds both of her
text: hands, a little too intimately.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What are you up to these days?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, you'll never believe it. I work
dialog: at the Paris Review. I just had lunch
dialog: last week with Augusten Burrows.
text: Audrey continues to hold Lauren’s hands in hers while she
text: talks, now waving both their arms up and down.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Could you die? Could you just die?
text: Lauren dies a little inside and snatches her hands back.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I’ve actually left publishing for
dialog: now.
dialog: (drops her voice)
dialog: There’s just no money in it.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (super judgey)
dialog: Oh, I see. That’s sad.
text: Audrey's judgement makes Lauren lose a little confidence.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Audrey, is it? I’m Katie Steele. Do
dialog: you remember me?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I think so. What are you up to now?
text: Katie looks to Lauren. Lauren nervously smiles.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Lauren and I run a phonesex
dialog: business. We've got a hot line that
dialog: rings off the hook and our customers
dialog: couldn't be more fulfilled. They
dialog: usually jizz in under 10 minutes. We
dialog: have an Excel spreadsheet with
dialog: average call times. Lauren did it.
dialog: She’s so smart.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You're kidding, right?
text: Lauren finds her words.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Actually, it’s just a more modern
dialog: form of storytelling. We're about
dialog: to make our first TV commercial.
dialog: You know, cable access kind of
dialog: thing. Keep your eyes open for it!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (so fake)
dialog: Wow. I would have thought you’d be
dialog: running Random House or something.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Things change I guess, right? How
dialog: wonderful for you.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yup. I get to spend the day with my
dialog: best friend. And make a shit load
dialog: of money!
text: She puts her arm around Katie, which surprises Katie. Audrey
text: just nods and walks away. Katie is touched by what Lauren
text: said. Lauren smiles, but watches Audrey go - thinking about
dialog: what she said. She’s in her own world, while--
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're shooting a commercial?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hell yeah, we are. Sean shoots
dialog: things!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Like people?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Shut up.
scene_heading: INT. LAUREN AND KATIE’S APARTMENT BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Sean angles the camera to focus on Lauren, who is in a bubble
text: bath, looking very unhappy and wearing a wig that covers most
text: of her face. Katie, sans wig, stands by in slutty lingerie.
text: She leans over to put lip gloss on Lauren.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Unbelievable.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh come on, you look fantastic!
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: You’re a natural.
text: Lauren covers her nipples with her hands.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah, that’s it, push them
dialog: together. You’ve got a great rack.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Okay, we’re rolling. Lauren, just
dialog: say your lines. Or ad lib. Just go
dialog: for it.
dialog: 86.
text: Lauren cocks her head so her wig hides half her face.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Having a slow night? Why not get
dialog: things warm and...bubbling hot? I
dialog: can help you climax. You’1l erupt
dialog: like...like a volcano.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S BEDROOM - LATER
text: Katie is on all fours and wiggling her butt. Sean and Lauren,
text: now in a towel exchange looks.
speaker_heading: SEAN
text: Maybe a little less gyrating.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: A lot less.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Fine! But I’m wasting my talent
dialog: here. I’m ready.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Rolling.
speaker_heading: KATIE
scene_heading: 1-900-MMM-HMMM. We're right here
dialog: waiting for you to dial us up. You
dialog: can dial us up all. Night. Long.
text: Katie licks her lips with fervor. She fans herself with her
text: hand and licks them again. Lauren tries not to laugh and Sean
text: elbows her. She signals Katie to continue.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you waiting for? Just put
dialog: your finger right on the button and
dialog: press. Oh yessss. Press that button
dialog: for me so we can be together. Press
dialog: it now. l-oh yesss—900-Mmmmmm-Hmmm !
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Jesus. I don’t know whether I’m
dialog: turned on or terrified.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Me either.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. LAUREN AND KATIE’S APARTMENT, KITCHEN- A LITTLE LATER
text: Katie and Lauren now wear only aprons and high heels. In
text: front of them is a bowl of whipped cream and a pile of
text: cherries. Sean hangs behind the camera.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Mmm, I love a nice bowl of cream.
dialog: Don’t you?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Would you like to taste my cherry?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Like anyone would believe you're a
dialog: virgin, kitten.
text: Sean chuckles. Lauren and Katie share a look. Lauren pats
text: Katie’s arm.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Sweet and creamy. I love a late
dialog: night treat that fills me up.
text: Katie licks the cream off her fingertip and reaches for the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Do your nights get long and hard?
dialog: Let’s talk about our delicious
dialog: fantasies together.
text: CLOSE UP: Katie’s finger touches the keys on the phone sexily
text: while she speaks.
speaker_heading: KATIE
scene_heading: 1-900-MMM-HMMM. Ask for me, Tasty
dialog: Cake.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Or for me, Sweet Lady Luck.
text: Sean looks in the lense and then up at them.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: And cut! I... gotta go to the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, KATIE’S ROOM- EVENING
text: Katie and Sean kiss on the bed. It is very passionate. Katie
dialog: pauses.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Is this okay?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Here’s the thing. I’ve never...
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: What? Had sex with a serial killer?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No. Or with anyone. Ever. Except on
dialog: the phone. But I want to. With you.
dialog: Right now. Really.
text: Sean is shocked.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Well that’s a surprise. The best
dialog: surprise ever. Are you sure?
text: She kisses him.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT— LAUREN’S ROOM — CONTINUOUS
text: Lauren edits the commercial footage on her computer. She
text: cracks herself up. Her cell phone rings. It reads: Mom and
text: Dad, but Lauren’s doesn’t notice. She answers on speaker
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: 1-900-Mmm-Hmmm?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. LAUREN’S PARENTS LONG ISLAND HOUSE - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Scott is in the kitchen on the phone.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Oh, I must have the wrong number.
text: Lauren shoots to attention and looks at the caller ID.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Dad! Wait! Sorry about that.
dialog: (covering)
dialog: That’s just a joke Katie and I have
dialog: when we answer the phone sometimes.
dialog: scott
dialog: I see. Funny! Mom’s getting on.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: ADELE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Did you get the check we sent?
dialog: scott
dialog: You never cashed it, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yes, I got it. No, I’m not cashing
dialog: it. I don’t want your money. I’m 28
dialog: years old remember?
dialog: scott
dialog: We saw your email about Random
dialog: House calling you in again
dialog: tomorrow. That’s great!
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Let me call Diane’s daughter for
dialog: you, so we can make sure it happens
dialog: this time!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No, that’s okay. I’m doing okay
dialog: this summer all on my own. I think
dialog: I’m gonna go to the interview.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You think?! But it’s Random House!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I know. But, I’ve changed a bit.
dialog: What I want now is different. And
dialog: that’s ok. I just want to figure it
dialog: out by myself, ok?
dialog: scott
dialog: Fine, fine. You’ll do it on your
dialog: own. This was always your dream.
text: Lauren looks to Katie’s wall and is filled with guilt.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yeah. It was. Hey, I gotta go.
speaker_heading: ScoTT
dialog: We might stop into the city
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Sure. Sounds great. Love you. Bye.
text: Lauren hangs up before they can say another word.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT— KATIE’S ROOM- CONTINUOUS
text: Sean and Katie make out. He takes off her top. He moves
text: toward her panties and she flinches.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Here, you lay back. Relax, I have
dialog: an idea.
text: Sean fumbles around on the night stand. In the meantime,
text: Katie’s phone rings.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Grab it. I’1ll just be a sec.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: SEAN (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: It’s me.
text: Sean turns around and we see he is on the phone. Katie
text: giggles.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Well, this is silly.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I think it might be just what we
dialog: need. To get back to our roots.
dialog: Tell me what you’re feeling.
text: Sean reaches his hand down, seemingly to Katie’s panties.
text: Katie moans into the phone, this time for real.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: That feels really nice. Just like I
dialog: imagined it. Do you...like that?
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Ohhhh, yeah. I like that. I like
dialog: that a lot.
text: Katie and Sean lock eyes. They start kissing again, but still
text: hold their phones to their ears.
speaker_heading: SEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You feel so good. I’ve been wanting
dialog: this since the first time I heard
dialog: your voice.
text: Sean rolls on top of Katie.
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It’s what I’ve wanted, too! And
dialog: you're so hard and you’re...inside
dialog: of me!
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Yes. Yes. I am!
text: Katie and Sean toss their phones away and wrap their arms
dialog: around each other.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT- LAUREN’S ROOM —- MORNING
text: Lauren, in gym clothes, peeks out her door and sees Katie at
text: the kitchen table. She shuts her door again and takes a
text: beautiful interview suit off a hanger. She begrudgingly
text: shoves it in her gym bag and walks out the door.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Katie, with full bed head, eats a bowl of Frosted Flakes.
text: Lauren enters carrying the bag.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey, what’s in the bag?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Uhm, I’m going to the gym.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah, your ass is getting fat.
text: Lauren laughs and heads to the door. She pauses and turns
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hey... I have something I want to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Great! Cause I have something I
dialog: wanna say!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Okay. Me first. I just want you to
dialog: know that I love what I’m doing.
dialog: This has been the best summer of my
dialog: life. I love our business. And... I
dialog: love you. You’re awesome, Katie.
dialog: You're my best friend.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m really sorry about kicking you
text: out of my car and into scarytown.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I did urinate in your new car.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: There was a bump!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Thank you!
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I don’t know why I was such a jerk
dialog: to you either. I just didn’t think
dialog: you knew how to have fun.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I have had my lame moments. But you
dialog: just were so crazy all the time!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I fear normalcy. And maybe take
dialog: that to an extreme.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Should we hug or something?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yeah. Let’s hug.
text: Both laughing and awkward, the girls hug.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: I love you too, Earth Girl.
text: They separate.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, my turn! I had sex with Sean
dialog: last night!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: WHAT! ?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I know! Let me tell you, owww at
dialog: first, but then... outta this
dialog: world!
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yay! This is so fantastic. I want
dialog: to hear more details, but I have to
dialog: go. We’ll celebrate tonight at our
dialog: little premiere party!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh, I’ve got details. Like, why
dialog: does their stuff just run right out
dialog: when you’re done? And it’s so warm!
dialog: Who knew that!?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I know. Okay, we’ll talk more
dialog: later.
text: She moves to the door.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Have fun at the gym! Make sure
dialog: they’re still getting my monthly
dialog: donations. Assholes.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM- DAY
text: Katie stands precariously on a chair as she hangs DILDO
text: STREAMERS. Behind her, a banner made of thongs says, “WE DID
text: IT!” The phone rings. Katie hops off the chair.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Hi, Jesse.
speaker_heading: JESSE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Who's going to eat my famous bean
text: dip while watching her phone sex
dialog: commercial premiere tonight?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I am! I am!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That's right. Hey, is Lauren back?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No. She probably got sucked into
dialog: yoga or something.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yoga?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah. She’s at the gym.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Uh, sure. Right. The gym.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What? Are you acting weird?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No. No, nothing.
text: A seed has been planted in Katie’s head. There’s a knock at
text: the door.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Someone’s here. Gotta go.
text: Katie hangs up and thinks for a moment about what Jesse said.
text: Then, she opens her front door to reveal Scott and Adele.
scene_heading: INT. RANDOM HOUSE OFFICES - AFTERNOON
text: Lauren sits in her wrinkly suit in front of Rachel Rodman.
speaker_heading: RACHEL RODMAN
dialog: I’m so glad you came in again. We
dialog: have some open positions now, and I
dialog: haven't been able to stop thinking
dialog: about your last interview. Hey, how’s
dialog: your roommate’s phone sex line?
text: Lauren looks caught.
speaker_heading: RACHEL RODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You know, my husband started
dialog: travelling a lot and I don’t know
dialog: much about phone sex. Do you ever
dialog: overhear anything your roommate
dialog: says?
text: Lauren uncomfortably smiles.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM- A LITTLE
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Katie brings out a few glasses of ice tea on a tray, hands
text: shaking, to Scott and Adele. Scott sits on the couch as Adele
text: noses around.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: It’s just so nice to finally meet
dialog: you. Your daughter is lovely and
dialog: amazingly well-parented. She’s the
dialog: only honest person in this city!
text: Scott beams and takes an ice tea off the tray.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: We’re very proud of Lauren. It
dialog: really is an amazing apartment, and
dialog: that key-
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: To the park! I know. That’s what
dialog: sold us, too.
text: Adele glides around the room, stopping at the musical
text: keyboard and punching a few keys-- one elicits a small moan,
text: the next is panting, the third key has the soundbyte, “ohhhhh
text: yessss!”" all in Lauren’s voice! Scott turns toward the noise
text: and spills his tea on his khakis.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stoop sale.
text: Adele nods, as if that explains it.
scene_heading: INT. RANDOM HOUSE OFFICES - CONTINUOUS
text: Lauren encourages Rachel who holds a phone to her ear.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You can do it. Just say it.
speaker_heading: RACHEL RODMAN
dialog: Dripping! Hole! Clenches!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That was really good.
speaker_heading: RACHEL RODMAN
dialog: Wow that felt great. Really great.
dialog: So I have this job open for you.
dialog: When can you start?
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT— LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Katie runs off at the mouth. Scott and Adele are freaked out.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We weren’t best friends in college,
dialog: but now- I mean, she’s like a
dialog: sister to me. And that makes you
dialog: guys my parents, too! Mom, Dad?
dialog: Should we hug?
text: Adele and Scott share a look.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Do you know when Lauren will be
dialog: back?
dialog: scott
dialog: (gestures at the
scene_heading: “CONGRATULATIONS” banner)
dialog: It’s great that you’re already
dialog: prepared to celebrate! We’re sure
dialog: she’s going to land that job, too!
text: Katie freezes.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Job?
dialog: scott
dialog: Random House has always been her
dialog: dream. We knew they’d call her back
dialog: in. I’m sure her interview must be
dialog: done by now.
text: It clicks in Katie’s head.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: This whole Morty thing worked out
dialog: for the best. New apartment, new
dialog: job, and I’m sure a new boyfriend
text: is around the corner. Lauren just
dialog: needed a fresh start.
text: Katie crosses her arms over her chest and fakes a smile.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh, she’ll get a fresh start
dialog: alright.
scene_heading: EXT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT— EVENING
text: Lauren, all lit up and back in her gym clothes, skips up the
text: steps to the apartment while holding a cake box. She looks
text: down and smiles at it through its cellophane window. It’s in
text: the shape of two phones humping each other.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT- A LITTLE LATER
text: Lauren throws open the door, once again clad in gym clothes.
text: She holds a cake box triumphantly.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Honey, I’m hoooooome!
dialog: (noticing her parents)
dialog: Oh, whoa. Hi guys.
text: Adele moves to hug Lauren. Katie forces a smile on the couch.
dialog: scott
dialog: Hi, sweetheart! How was the
dialog: interview?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah, how was it, princess?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (noting Lauren's outfit)
dialog: I’m assuming you didn’t wear this
dialog: to Random House?
text: Lauren takes a deep breath, setting the cake on the table.
text: Adele peeks at it-- the cake has two phones humping one
text: another and says, “WE FUCKING DID IT!” Adele is confused.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It's a little casual, don’t you
dialog: think? I mean, for such a dream job-
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I, uh, had to drop by the gym, too.
dialog: I wore a suit, Mom.
dialog: scott
dialog: I love this place! But let’s get
dialog: over to Sarabeth’s, your favorite.
dialog: I want to buy you and this lovely
dialog: Katie lunch and hear all about it.
text: Lauren looks to Katie, terrified. Katie grabs her jacket.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Do tell.
scene_heading: INT. SARABETH’S RESTAURANT- A LITTLE LATER
text: A bottle of champagne sits on the table. Lauren peeks over
text: her menu to look at Katie, who is clearly about to blow.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Did you tell them about all the
dialog: books you worked on for Morty?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yes. Of course I did.
dialog: scott
dialog: I’m sure you'll hear back in 48
dialog: hours. I just have a good feeling.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (sarcastic, to Lauren)
dialog: This must be so overwhelming.
text: Lauren nods and gulps from her champagne glass.
dialog: Scott
dialog: Wait, I'd like to make a toast! To
dialog: my wonderful daughter, who, five
text: years after Amherst, has finally
text: blossomed into the young woman she
dialog: always wanted to be.
text: Adele raises her glass to Lauren. Katie taps their glasses a
text: little too hard with her own.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Dad, stop. We, uh, don’t want to
dialog: jinx it.
dialog: scott
dialog: Fine. Katie, I don’t know if we know
dialog: what you do. Advertising was it?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Well, Scott, thank you for asking.
dialog: Actually, Lauren and I--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We were just talking about Katie's
dialog: career path actually. She’s
dialog: thinking of changing careers.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: That’s wonderful. Lauren gives
dialog: great advice. What are you
dialog: considering?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Actually, it’s complicated--
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I thought you’d never ask. I’ve
dialog: actually been doing something with
dialog: Lauren this summer that I just love
dialog: and has made us both so happy.
dialog: (to Lauren)
dialog: It was “the best summer of your
dialog: life” was it not?
text: Lauren tries to talk, but Katie stops her.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, I’11 tell them. I tell it
dialog: better.
text: Lauren's eyes go wide, pleading for mercy. Katie just steam
text: rolls ahead. Lauren tries to stop her, but can’t.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s so modest. What a head for
dialog: business on this one! You see, I
dialog: used to work for this crappy phone
dialog: sex line. Don’t worry, I was a
dialog: virgin, not some sexual deviant--
dialog: But it entailed pretty flaccid
dialog: profits, if you know what I mean.
dialog: Then Lauren helped me launch my
dialog: very own phone sex hotline! Well,
dialog: it’s ours now, isn’t it? Business
dialog: is booming. Our very first TV
text: commercial airs tonight on Channel
dialog: 47. It’s tasteful, I promise. And
dialog: things really couldn’t be better!
dialog: Scott
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Lauren?
text: Lauren breaths heavy. She’s panicked.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I can explain.
dialog: (to Katie)
dialog: First, I think you should go.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: But I’m not finished with my cordon
dialog: bleu. Best Friend.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: I should have never moved in with
dialog: you. You irrational lunatic. You've
dialog: ruined everything!
text: Katie stands up, angrily. While taking her purse off its hook
text: on the table she snags the table cloth and some of the
text: glasses spill. It’s a whole scene.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’m a lunatic. Great. It’s been a
dialog: pleasure. Thanks for lunch.
dialog: (to Lauren)
text: THIS IS WHY I’M NOT FRIENDS WITH
speaker_heading: GIRLS!
text: Katie storms off and leaves Lauren alone with her parents.
scene_heading: EXT. SARABETH’S RESTAURANT— CONTINUOS
text: Katie walks past the front of the restaurant. Lauren can’t
text: see her, but Katie looks longingly at her. Lauren’s head is
text: hung and her hands are over her face. Katie wipes away a
text: quick tear and resumes her angry strut down the street.
scene_heading: INT. SARABETH’S RESTAURANT- CONTINUOS
text: Lauren pulls her hands from her face and takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You know what, guys? I’m...not
dialog: apologizing for this. Not this one.
dialog: I haven't made a wrong move since I
text: stopped sleeping in a crib.
text: Scott opens his mouth as if to speak.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: (putting her hand up)
dialog: Hear me out. I’ve done everything
dialog: exactly right, not just for you,
dialog: but for me. I thought that was who
dialog: I was. But...this is who I am. I
dialog: did just have the best summer of my
dialog: life. It was fun. My ideas made
dialog: this business better and that means
dialog: more to me than all the A’s I got
dialog: in school. When I worked for Morty,
dialog: I was bored, Mom.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: I kept thinking it would get more
dialog: fun or more challenging if it were
dialog: Random House, but the truth is, I
dialog: don’t want to sit next to a stack
dialog: of bad manuscripts all day. If I've
dialog: learned anything from all this,
dialog: it’s that I have no idea what the
dialog: hell I want! But for right now, I
dialog: want to run a phonesex line with my
dialog: best friend. Who I think is really
dialog: hurt right now because I snuck to a
text: job interview behind her back and
dialog: lied to her. And don’t say anything
dialog: mean about Katie, Dad. She’s so
dialog: earnest and funny and alive and--
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I thought she was fun!
dialog: scott
dialog: (scratches his chin)
dialog: This is just a shock, Lauren. I’m
dialog: not sure what to say. You don’t
dialog: want the job at Random House if
dialog: they offer it to you?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: They offered it to me this morning.
dialog: I turned them down. I wanted to
dialog: tell you, not like this, but...
dialog: This is the right thing for now.
dialog: I’m happy.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: That’s all we care about, right
dialog: Scott?
dialog: (Scott kinda nods)
dialog: So, you’re more of a business
dialog: Manager, you’re not actually a
dialog: phone sex operator, are you?
text: The CREEPY WAITER drops the check on the table. He nods
text: knowingly at Lauren, who blushes her answer.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Half of Lauren’s belongings have been thrown into the living
text: room. Katie dumps a pile of Lauren’s clothes when Lauren
text: walks in the door.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I understand why you’re upset. But
dialog: I told my parents everything.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me explain to you. I didn’t
dialog: mean what I said back there.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (loses it)
dialog: I can’t believe I fell for your
dialog: lies! You’re such a bad liar!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I’m sorry. I was afraid you would
dialog: flip out--
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh, I’m going to flip out! Why
dialog: would you lie to me? Why do you
dialog: need another job? Do I not provide
dialog: for you? Did I not give you “the
dialog: best summer of your life?” MmmHmm?
text: Lauren feels bad.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, man. Ok. I just felt like I had
dialog: to go to the interview, it was
dialog: Random House! It’s been my dream to
dialog: work there, but then--
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: But then, what?! You decided you
dialog: could sow your royal oats with me
dialog: for a summer and then go back to
dialog: your perfect little life when the
dialog: opportunity knocked?!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No. Come on, you’re acting crazy.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah! I am! Crazy to ever move in
dialog: with you! You with your perfect
dialog: little sheets, and your pink
dialog: toothbrush, and your sitcom parents
dialog: on the phone at the same time!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hey! Don’t you insult my parents!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Is that the best you got?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Don’t make me do this.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh you do it, Cinderella!
text: Lauren tries to hold it in, but it rises to the surface.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Fine! Your whole life’s a mess!
dialog: Always has been! You’re such a
dialog: fake! You lie about your fake job!
dialog: You lied about your experience!
dialog: Always pushing your sex and your
dialog: confidence - what a lie! You’re
dialog: messy, you're dirty, and you’re a
dialog: lost soul who has lost her mind!
dialog: That is, if you ever had one!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I've lost my mind? Please! You're
dialog: the one who lives in candy land
dialog: where everything is perfect! Look
dialog: at you, up there on your pedestal
dialog: looking down on me. You've always
dialog: thought you were better than me and
dialog: everyone! You think you can teach
dialog: me about sex?! Without me, you’d be
dialog: stuck in the missionary position
dialog: forever!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Well at least I don’t do everything
dialog: in my power to be different!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Well at least I don’t do everything
dialog: in my power to be boring and the
dialog: same as everyone!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You wish you were a whore!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You're such a judgemental bitch!
text: They are both seething mad.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You know what? I don’t have to take
dialog: this. You’re insane. Just take your
dialog: stripper pole and shove that inside
dialog: you!
text: Katie is shocked by that one. She walks over to the stripper
text: pole and dislodges it. She starts swinging it around and
text: walking toward Lauren like a mad woman.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh, you mean this stripper pole?
text: She swings it toward Lauren’s head. Lauren screams and grabs
text: a large dildo that happens to be on the coffee table on a
text: stack of napkins like a paper weight. She swings it at Katie.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You spoiled whore!
text: WHOOSH! The pole whizzes by Lauren’s head.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You lunatic cunt!
text: SMACK! Lauren hits Katie in the arm with the rubbery dildo.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Ow! Mary Poppins!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (swings again)
dialog: Lindsay Lohan!
text: Katie uses the pole as if she were a ninja - which she’s
dialog: clearly not.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Watch where you're swinging that
dialog: thing!
text: She flails around with the dildo.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You watch where you’re swinging
dialog: that thing! Liar!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Why should I listen to you? Without
dialog: me, you'd still be a virgin, who's
dialog: stupid enough to run up her cell
dialog: phone bill for $2 a minute!
text: Katie stops in her tracks. Lauren stops too- mid-dildo swing.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You know, since you think I’m so
dialog: stupid, I don’t even know why
dialog: you're still here.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Ever since college, you’ve always
dialog: thought you were better than me. So
dialog: go take your perfect dream job at
dialog: Random House, and go live your
dialog: perfect little life.
text: Lauren takes a beat.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (almost sad)
dialog: You really want me to leave?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No, I don’t want you to leave. I’m
dialog: making you leave. This is my
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What? No it’s not. It’s ours.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yes. It is. That day I turned in
dialog: the lease, they had given us the
dialog: wrong one. I resigned the right one
dialog: with only my name. So it’s actually
dialog: my apartment. Please leave. Now.
dialog: Enjoy Long Island.
dialog: 105.
text: Lauren looks at Katie. They’re both hurt, but with all that’s
dialog: been said, it’s too late now.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Fine. I judged you. And maybe I
dialog: thought I was better than you. But
dialog: today, you’ve made me realize one
dialog: thing: I am.
text: Lauren sets the dildo down and marches to the door.
text: it and stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: I hope that last night, when you
dialog: lost your precious virginity... you
dialog: got crabs. Have fun on Staten
dialog: Island. You’1ll never be able to
dialog: maintain the business without me.
dialog: She opens
text: And, she’s gone. Katie stands there alone, angry, and hurt.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: INT. JESSE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Lauren pouts on the couch, while Jesse makes tea. The phone
dialog: rings.
speaker_heading: JESSE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Hello?...Hey, you...She might be
dialog: here. No, that’s not why I’m not
dialog: coming! I have...pink eye...I think
dialog: you guys need to talk about it.
text: Lauren jumps up and takes the phone from him and hangs it up.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Unstable bitch.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM- LATER THAT
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Katie scowls next to Sean on the couch.
text: On screen, the commercial plays. Katie is sad while she
text: watches Lauren’s scene.
scene_heading: INT. JESSE'S APARTMENT - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Lauren sits next to Jesse on his couch also watching the
text: commercial. She looks away when Katie is on the screen.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTT AND ADELE’S LIVING ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Scott and Adele watch the commercial on TV and are shocked.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT-— LIVING ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: The commercial ends. Katie frowns and flips the TV off.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Well, I think it’s AWESOME! Look at
dialog: that camera work! Your phone’s
dialog: gonna ring off the hook!
text: Katie shrugs and gets up and tears down some decorations.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah. I’ll have more business than
dialog: ever and no one to help take the
dialog: calls. She’s right. I can’t do the
dialog: business stuff.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna go start packing. Ever
dialog: take the Staten Island Ferry?
text: Sean tries to hug her, but Katie huffs off.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE (MUSIC UP):
text: -Katie is in her half packed BEDROOM on a phone sex call.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: (mildly enthusiastic)
dialog: Sure, just flip me over and do me
dialog: from behind. No, really, I like it.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - SIMULTANEOUS
text: An INMATE in an orange jumper is at a pay phone in prison.
speaker_heading: INMATE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Can you be a little more
dialog: enthusiastic? This is my one phone
dialog: call.
text: She sees Lauren through her cracked door putting her key on
text: the counter. Lauren, holding a box, leaves without looking
text: toward Katie’s door.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What? Oh, yeah, I’m cumming. Sure.
text: -Lauren sits at her desk at RANDOM HOUSE. An INTERN drops a
text: huge stack of manuscripts on her desk.
text: -Katie fights her way through the crowd outside
text: BLOOMINGDALES. TWO GIRLS with huge brown bags chatter
text: excitedly while cutting Lauren off. She purposely knocks into
text: them with some force.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me!
text: -Lauren is at the counter at STARBUCKS. It’s the same Barista.
scene_heading: STARBUCKS BARISTA
dialog: Where’s your friend?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I don’t know who you’re talking
dialog: about.
dialog: 108.
text: -Katie sits at the kitchen table in her APARTMENT with Sean.
text: She has a starbucks cup in front of her that reads “Fuck
text: This” and a box of donuts sits between them.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Don’t worry, you’ll find another
dialog: roommate. I could always move in?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah... We’re not there yet. I’m
dialog: just getting comfortable with you
dialog: not being a murderer.
text: She grabs a donut and takes a bite.
text: - Lauren and Jesse are at a RESTAURANT having brunch, but are
text: both on their laptops. Lauren types an email. It reads:
dialog: TO: Katie.Steele@gmail.com
dialog: Katie,
dialog: I’m not really sure what to say, but I miss
text: She stops typing and shuts her laptop.
text: -Katie is on the phone in her almost packed BEDROOM.
speaker_heading: KATIE (ON THE PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: A 2-on-1? Oh, sorry, we don’t do
dialog: those anymore... Um, I guess for
dialog: about three weeks?... You can still
dialog: just talk to me... Hello?
text: Katie hangs up. She gets up and walks out of her room. She
text: opens the door to Lauren’s bedroom. She stares at the empty
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE
scene_heading: EXT. SWANKY OFFICE BUILDING IN MIDTOWN - AFTERNOON
text: Lauren, in a trench coat, waits outside an office building.
text: Then, Charlie walks out. Lauren steps out in front of him.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: There you are!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whoa. Lauren. Hi.
text: They hug awkwardly. She smiles.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Wanna get a drink?
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - A LITTLE LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Lauren and Charlie chat comfortably at a bar.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I pushed open the door and there
text: she was! Fully clothed, jumping up
text: and down with the phone to her ear!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You must have lost it!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, I did. Big time. But then, all
dialog: my plans for taking over for Morty,
dialog: and finding something else to go
dialog: along with my plan, just fell to
dialog: shit. And I couldn’t stop thinking
dialog: about you saying we were boring,
dialog: so, I did it. And, you know what?
dialog: I’m kinda awesome at it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And that phone call in Italy was...
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I guess I thought that I could phone
dialog: sex you back into love with me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (touches her hand)
dialog: Lauren...
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I feel like I finally figured out
dialog: that it’s okay to not have a plan
dialog: all the time. Not everything has to
text: perfect and tied up with a bow.
dialog: Katie made me realize that. Right
dialog: before she lost her mind and kicked
dialog: me out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry. Really.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No. If this
dialog: (gestures to him and her)
dialog: Didn't end the way it did, I would
dialog: have never had this summer.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT'D)
dialog: So, thank you. I’m sorry for
dialog: throwing things at your head.
text: The check is set down between them. Charlie grabs it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I got it.
dialog: (winks )
dialog: You can pay me back with a phone
dialog: call later.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - A LITTLE LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Lauren and Charlie stroll through Times Square.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Well I was so afraid she was going
dialog: to get raped, I made her wear my
dialog: spanx!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Your Mrs. Doubtfire underpants?
dialog: (does impression)
dialog: Heelllooooo!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yes! Oh man, what a crazy bitch.
dialog: If you had told four months ago me
dialog: that I’d say this, I would not
dialog: believe it, but... I miss her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I miss you.
text: Charlie stops and looks at Lauren. She stops too.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I miss you too. You were my best
dialog: friend.
dialog: 110.
text: They look like they might kiss. Then, Lauren extends her hand
dialog: for a shake.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Friends?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Definitely.
text: He takes her hand and then pulls her in for a hug. A FAT DUDE
text: comes up to them with a flier.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: FAT DUDE
dialog: You like comedy?
text: Lauren spins around.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FAT DUDE
dialog: Do you like comedy?
text: Fat Guy holds out a flier, like an olive branch. Emotion
text: fills Lauren’s face.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Yes. Yes, I do.
text: Lauren turns to Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Go. Go to your new best friend.
text: She starts to run.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: I’1l call you, okay? And you’11
dialog: just have to wait to see what kind
dialog: of call it is!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll be sitting by the phone!
text: He smiles. She smiles back and then turns and runs downtown.
text: She pushes past people, jumps in front of taxis. She pulls
text: out her phone and dials Katie.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, LAUREN’S ROOM- CONTINUOUS
text: Katie sits on the floor in Lauren’s empty room. She wears the
text: sweater Lauren sexy-talked her into buying. Sinead O’Conner’s
text: Nothing Compares 2 U plays from her laptop. Her cell phone
text: rings, but she doesn’t look over.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN NEW YORK- CONTINUOUS
text: Lauren races down the street.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, come on. Answer!
dialog: 112.
text: Katie’s voicemail picks up. Lauren redials the phone.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT, LAUREN’S ROOM- CONTINUOUS
text: Katie sings along to the music.
text: Her cell phone rings again, but she just wallows. Then, the
text: pink phone rings. Katie sighs and answers.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Mmm-Hmmm?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: It’s me. Don’t hang up!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Do you have a credit card I can
dialog: bill for this call? Otherwise I
dialog: need to hang up.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Katie. Stop. I made a huge mistake,
dialog: okay? I never meant to hurt you, I
dialog: didn’t mean any of those horrible
dialog: things I said to you before.
dialog: You're the best thing that ever
dialog: happened to me! I had no idea how
dialog: lost I was until you found me. And
dialog: I’m so sorry. You're better than
dialog: me, okay!? You're my best friend.
dialog: You're my person!
text: Katie is silent, shocked. A tear rolls down her cheek.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY SIDEWALK- CONTINUOUS
text: Lauren waits for Katie to say something back. She looks
text: nervous, but keeps running down the street.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I love you. And I’m...I’m out of
dialog: breath because, oh god, you’ve been
dialog: running through my mind all day and
dialog: I’m coming!
scene_heading: INT. KATIE AND LAUREN’S APARTMENT— CONTINUOUS
text: Katie looks up, shocked.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You're coming? To me? When?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Soon. I’m close. I want to do this
dialog: with you! Please let me come inside!
text: Katie thinks for a moment and then jumps up.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Come inside! Come inside! You know
dialog: what? I’m coming too!
text: She runs out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY SIDEWALK- CONTINUOUS
text: Lauren rounds the corner, past Gramercy Park. She’s on the
dialog: block before the apartment!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I’m close! I’m close!
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Katie bounds down the stairs.
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: Here I come! This feels so good!
text: Katie runs faster. As she approaches the exterior of the
text: building, Katie bounds outside and hurls herself into
text: Lauren’s arms.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my gosh, you’re sweaty.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I couldn’t get here fast enough! I
dialog: feel terr--
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Wait. I’m sorry too. When I found
dialog: out about the job, I just felt so
dialog: insecure about us. And I should
dialog: have trusted you. I shouldn’t have
dialog: just freaked out like that and told
dialog: your parents. I lost my mind, okay?
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I’m quitting Random House tomorrow,
dialog: okay? It sucks compared to what we
dialog: do. But yes, you were nuts!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I swung a metal pole at your face
dialog: and I was terrible and you were
dialog: right about me!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No, I wasn’t. I was mean. I really
dialog: don’t think those things, okay?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Ok. I didn’t mean what I said
dialog: either. Except you do really live in
dialog: Candyland sometimes. But it’s ok!
dialog: (notices the trench)
dialog: Wait, what are you wearing?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I just saw Charlie. And I thought
dialog: maybe I’d show him how I grew over
dialog: the summer, so...
text: Lauren throws open her trench coat to reveal her sexy bra and
text: panties underneath.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You went outside like this! You are
dialog: so fucking cool. I have so much to
dialog: tell you! I think I might try anal!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh my!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You wanna move back in? I think we
dialog: can still keep the place.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Please? Jesse is about 2 days away
dialog: from kicking me to Long Island.
dialog: He’s such a boy.
text: The girls hug again. They make their way inside the building.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Thank god, because word must have
dialog: gotten around about our 2-on-1’s
dialog: and I’ve had to turn down so many.
dialog: We should charge triple for those,
dialog: don’t you think?
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - AFTERNOON - THREE MONTHS LATER
text: Audrey, from the Amhearst luncheon sits in a leopard print
text: cubicle while on the phone. She reads from a Jane Austen
dialog: novel.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: ‘It is a truth universally
dialog: acknowledged, that a single man in
dialog: possession of a good fortune, must
dialog: be in want of a wife.’ Now spank
dialog: that meat, and pull my corset
dialog: tight! My bosom heaves for you!
text: Next to her cubicle is a zebra print cubicle in which Jesse
dialog: sits.
speaker_heading: JESSE (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Yeah, put it in my ass!
text: He is beyond excited about this.
text: Lauren and Katie walk past the cubicles. They give a thumbs
text: up to Audrey and Jesse as they head to an office.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Who knew there was such a big
dialog: market for those two?
text: They enter the office and close the door. On the door is a
text: sign that says: “1-900-Mmm-Hmm.”
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: OVER THE END CREDITS, WE SEE MORTY, CHARLIE, HANK, PROFESSOR
text: RAINEY, SCOTT, AND THE STARBUCKS BARISTA ON PHONE SEX CALLS.
dialog: 
