scene_heading: THE LAST ACTION HERO
dialog: by
dialog: Zak Penn and Adam Leff
dialog: The spirit that I have seen
dialog: May be the devil, and the devil hath power
dialog: T’assume a pleasing shape; yea, and perhaps,
dialog: Out of my weaxness and melancholy,
dialog: Abuses me to damn me.
dialog: 
text: An istablishing Shet of this giant cement crap, plopped down
text: in the neart of L.A.
dialog: ar Em
scene_heading: INT. THE BEVERLY CENTER
text: Saturday: The Mall is glutted with L.A. shoppers; sleek,
text: aerodynamic women, smiley men in flower ties.
text: On all four floors: A swirling eddy of sun-glasses, Day-Glo,
dialog: surfwear and sushi.
scene_heading: THREE QUICK SHOTS
text: of THREE ARYAN MERCENARIES, dressed ‘inconspicuously’ in
text: sunglasses and dark grey business suits, doing their best to
dialog: lock like average shoppers: .
text: MERC 1 scans the Hot Hit C.5.‘s at Sam Goody.
text: MERC 2 tests out the zippers on garment bags at La Valise.
text: MERC 3 stares down a fuzzy, little puppy in the pet shop
dialog: window.
text: THEN, simultaneously, all three of their stop watches sound
text: off. They drop what they’re doing, walk out of the stores,
text: and in steady, controlled strides converge at the ELEVATOR
text: BANK. . .
dialog: These are some well-trained, bad-ass, tougher-than-hell hit
dialog: men. :
scene_heading: GLASS ELEVATORS --
text: DING, and the elevator doors swoosh open. The MERCS file in,
text: and line up across the back. They are the only ones in the
text: elevator other than the LIFT OPERATOR, who announces the
dialog: floors,
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Fourth floor...Bullocks, Sporting
dialog: Goods, Designer Fashions...
text: As the elevator ascends, the MERCS prepare: One loads his gun,
text: another twists on a silencer, the third checks his watch,
dialog: right on schedule.
text: The OPERATOR looks nervous, but tries to get on with his job.
dialog: i
dialog: é
dialog: ®
speaker_heading: XY
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Fifth Floor...Cineplex, food court,
dialog: rest rooms.
text: The MERCS straighten their ties and prepare to step off.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Sixth Floor..
text: The elevator doors slide open and...Holy $ hit, your pancreas
text: @ances, because who's standing right in ‘the middle of the
dialog: dcorway but...
dialog: ARNO SLATER, the toughest, strongest, hardest-to-kill, Action
dialog: Hero you’ve ever seen.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: ..-Last stop...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Everybody out!
text: Before the MERCS can so much as blink, ARNO’S massive assault
text: rifle BLASTS them in one glass shattering boon | through the
text: back of the elevator. .
text: They PLUMMET, head over heels, two-hundred feet through the
text: air, racking up in the shallow fountain below. :
speaker_heading: THEN -~
text: From all corners of the mall, THE BACK-UP TEAM, fifteen more
text: MERCS in identical dark grey suits, put down their newspapers,
text: get up from their benches, and rapidly converge en Arno‘s
dialog: position.
text: These MERCS just saw their friends swan dive 200 feet into the
text: wishing pool, and they look plenty pissed. They come
text: together, forming an impassable line, and sweep forward,
text: violently pushing all shoppers out of their way.
text: As they get closer to Target~Point-Arno, right in the middle
text: of the crowd, they open fire. All hell breaks loose in the
text: mall, and the pulse pounding SOUND TRACK kicks into overdrive.
text: Arno barrels through the mall-ways towards the escalators on
text: the other side. Here, the oblivious crowd shuffles on
text: undisturbed.
text: He takes a breath, and checks his gun. It’s a beauty: A blue
text: steel, state-of-the-art hand cannon, with one of those high~
dialog: 2
dialog: 
text: Two escalators, One Up, one DOWN, run right alongside each
text: other. Men closing in fast behind him, ARNO hops on to the
text: UP escalator.
text: On the floor above, one mean looking MERC heading right for
text: him, and the only thing in between them... ~*
text: A weary MOTHER pushing her CHILD in a stroller towards the
text: Down escalator. And...Uh, oh...The child’s safety strap hangs
text: unbuckled...
text: Arno flips on his laser sighting, just as the MERC comes
text: bounding forward, and THWACK... By accident, crashes into the
text: stroller, pitching the smiling child into space.
text: The mother screams, the MERC aims, the child falls and the
text: MERC fires at ARNO...
text: WHO ducks the bullet, then pivots, and with his giant right
text: HAND reaches out and CATCHES the child, while his ieft raises
text: his gun, laser sights his quarry and blows him away.
text: Arno then rides up the escalator and gently hands the child
text: off to the weeping, grateful mother as she passes going DOWN.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (dead~pan)
dialog: Shopping can be hell. .
text: Arno gets off the escalator, but his work isn’t over yet.
text: Charging down the FOOD COURT in front of him are a band of
text: FOUR more MERCS in matching grey suits.
text: They’ve seen him. Moving back into the crowd, Arno spots a
scene_heading: clothing store, VICTORIA’S SECRET
dialog: ar &
scene_heading: INT, VICTORIA‘S SECRET -~
text: An army of beach beauties flows back and forth draped in silk
text: negligees, examining their perfect construction before the
dialog: wall length mirrors.
text: All activity ceases, however, when ARNO strides into the
text: center of the store.
dialog: e
dialog: i decides to deal with hin.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Can I help you, sir?
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: No, I’m just looking.
speaker_heading: . SALESWOMAN
dialog: I see.
text: Qut of the corner of his eye, Arno spots ‘the MERCS coming his
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Is there a back door here?
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Well, it’s through the changing roon,
dialog: but I’m afraid that’s for customers
dialog: only...
text: Arno grabs a giant RED BRA off the rack.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: This is nice, I’ll be right back.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Hey!
scene_heading: CHANGING ROOM --
text: Arno bursts into a dressing room filled with half-naked women
text: trying on silky panties.
text: A BUXOM BLONDE with huge jugs screams at the top of her lungs.
text: Arno tosses her the BRA.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Here, try this.
text: Arno charges down a hall to.a large steel door marked,
text: ‘EMERGENCY EXIT ONLY’ Without a thought, he crashes it open
text: and finds himself right in...
text: The most unbelievably mammoth PARKING LOT you’ve ever seen.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING LOT --
text: of the staircase reads...
dialog: 
scene_heading: "UNVALIDATED TICKET PAYS MAXIMUM PENALTY"
speaker_heading: SFX - FOOTSTEPS
text: An unfortunate MERC pops through the doorway. In an instant,
text: the red laser dot from ARNO’s Beretta stcsps right in the
text: middle of his forehead.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You forgot your validation...
text: He blows him away.
text: ARNO takes off down the center aisle of the parking lot. Then
text: he stops.
speaker_heading: ARNO’S P.O.V. =
text: About FIFTEEN of the MERCS have followed him in, and are
text: coming down the exit ramp, straight towards him.
text: Using the cars as cover, Arno makes his way to the edge of the
text: parking structure and peers over the side...
text: It’s about a hundred foot drop. Into traffic.
dialog: and it’s rush hour.
text: Arno realizes he must stand and fight, when SUDDENLY, a hail
text: of bullets come flying past him.
text: He ducks behind a Mercedes, and clicks on his LASER SCOPE.
text: The thin, piercing beam of the laser sight streams out and
text: bounces off the car window.
text: An electronic VOICE blares out:
speaker_heading: CAR ALARM VOICE
dialog: You are standing too close to this
dialog: car! You have ten seconds to move
dialog: away...
text: The Laser Dot accidentally triggered the car alarm, and it’s
text: scared ARNO out of his shorts.
text: NOW, the MERCS know where he is, and they’re coming fast.
dialog: 5
dialog: ‘@
dialog: “e
dialog: 
dialog: he cartridge on Ais pistol....Un oh, no more
text: owns and searches his flak jacket desperately.
text: hing hard in one pocket and pulis-it out.
text: It’s a pack of gum.
text: Arno’s sweating. The Mercs are fanning out in ali directions.
text: All he can see is an infinite sea of cars, and, somewhere, a
text: million miles away, a tiny glowing exit sign.
text: And then it hits him. The cars, all of them. After all, this
dialog: is L.A....
text: ARNO smiles.
text: He shoves the two pieces of gum in his mouth and starts moving
dialog: from car to car.
text: He plucks the wad of gum out of his mouth and separates it
text: into two smail balls. He jams them in his ears.
text: ARNO: lifts the gun up, the LASER flickering past his face, and
text: then, in a series of sweeping motions...
text: FANS THE LASER BEAM BACK AND FORTH ACROSS THE PARKING LOT --
text: The red laserlight dances all over the immense lot, bouncing -
text: off car windows and mirrors, an intricate latticework shifting
text: and tilting with his hand.
text: THE MERCS are confused, some of them scared by the light
dialog: passing over then. :
text: There's a dazzling sea of little red blips, followed by an
text: incredibly tense moment of silence, you could almost hear a
dialog: pin drop when...
speaker_heading: BLAMMO!
dialog: SFX -= The most unbelievable, ear~shattering, Earth-ending
text: cacophony of CAR ALARMS and warning systems blasts out all
text: over the lot.
text: It’s sonic=boom time, and ARNO‘’S ready for it, dashing through
text: the lot as fast as he can, a big shit-eating grin on his face.
text: THE MERCS look like they’ve just spent a week in an Iraqi
text: Bunker. They clutch their ears, falling te the floor in
text: clumps.
dialog: ‘eo
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ExT.
text: arno Slater has beaten the odds once again. He runs straight
text: through the exit door and down the ramp. so
text: A BROWN SEDAN pulls right up next to him -- an amazingly hot
text: BABE behind the wheel.
text: ARNO gives her his sexy, sly smile, and she glances down at
text: his sweaty pumping muscles.
text: He hops in next to her; she revs the engine, and...
text: HE TURNS TO THE AUDIENCE. And winks.
text: As they roar off down the ramp, two huge, metallic words slide
text: across the screen and smash together:
scene_heading: EXTREMELY VIOLENT
speaker_heading: OVERDUB
dialog: RpDon’t forget to get your ticket
dialog: validated! This weekend. Theaters
dialog: Every -- "
text: SUDDENLY, the screen goes white, the edges of the frame pull
dialog: in, and we realize that we are...
scene_heading: INT. ASMODEUN THEATER - NIGHT
text: -..in the middle of an enormous movie theater. .The scene
text: we've just witnessed isn’t real at all, but a trailer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: What'd you stop it for?
text: Sitting in the middle of the theater is DANNY. He’s a fifteen
text: year old kid, 5/4", sandy brown hair, a little bit scruffy.
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Hey, Les...
text: The theater is almost empty. A few homeless people sleep in
text: seats near the back.
text: SUDDENLY, the back doors to the theater fling open and the
text: lights blaze on. Through the doors at the end of the long
text: aisle strides LESTER, THE PROJECTIONIST.
dialog: °@
dialog: “@
dialog: "3 y handsome face, hidden behind
text: A pin cn his shirt bears the insignia of the
text: . "THE ASMODEUN".
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mn
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Les, why’d you stop it?
text: The Projectionist taps Danny on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Walk with me. -
dialog: - x
text: Danny follows him down the aisle to the edge of the seats.
text: In the BACKGROUND, the homeless men have been awakened by the
dialog: lights.
text: The Projectionist starts walking back and forth, parallel to
text: the screen.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: You see?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What...
text: He grips Danny by the shoulders and leads him, back and forth,
text: staring at the screen.
scene_heading: DANNY'S P.O.V. --
text: As he passes a certain point on the screen, a beam of light
text: shoots out, disappearing just as quickly when he passes away
dialog: from it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What is that?
text: The Projectionist reaches out. His hand seens to disappear
text: into the screen. 8
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
text: A tear. A rather large one in fact.
dialog: (he inspects it closely) I’1ll have
dialog: to cancel tonight’s show.
speaker_heading: DANNY
scene_heading: Shit. What about EXTREMELY VIOLENT
dialog: thig weekend?
speaker_heading: THE PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Of course, Danny...How could I pass
dialog: up the business, you’re my only
dialog: 8
dialog: ‘eo
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Excellent, I’ll be here.
text: Lester watches on as Danny walks up the long aisle, heads
text: through the lobby and out into...
dialog: ar Ee
scene_heading: EXT. FORTY SECOND STREET AND EIGHTH AVENUE ~ MIDNIGHT
text: ...The world of NEW YORK’S TIMES SQUARE.
dialog: It’s one of those hot summer nights in the city when the wind
text: feels like subway backdraft flying up in your face.
text: On these blocks the action never stops. Everyone is selling
text: something: Smokes, chicks, chains, incense, and I.D.‘s, and
dialog: every gambler, creep, and junkie in the city wants a part of
dialog: it.
text: Danny makes his way through the threatening gauntlet of crack
text: fiend solicitors. He’s not exactly at ease with the
text: situation, but at least somewhat used to it.
text: He finally reaches the UPTOWN subway entrance, and descends
text: the stairs into the dark station below. -
speaker_heading: ar B
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING SHOT -- NIGHT
text: The Upper West Side of Manhattan, just North of the Yuppie
dialog: District -- Not yet a bad meignborhood, but pretty close to
dialog: one.
dialog: ar ke
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING --
text: Danny lives in a white brick apartment building, modern by
dialog: Post-War standards, just ugly and grimy by today’s.
speaker_heading: ar E
scene_heading: INT. DANNY’S BUILDING ~=
text: He steps off the elevator and heads down the long hallway of
text: apartments to his own. As quietly as possible, he slips in
text: his keys and gently pushes open the door.
dialog: °
dialog: Ne
dialog: Te
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON--
text: Danny’s face, annoyed.
text: Kitchen spills out into the hallway.
text: awake, and she’s not alone.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
speaker_heading: . ‘ (0.S.)
dialog: ++-but | land‘s always a good
dialog: investment, and with the market the
dialog: way it is, how can I lose?
speaker_heading: MOTHER .
dialog: (0.S.)}
dialog: I think you’re right. Do you take
dialog: milk or sugar?
speaker_heading: MAN’S VOICE
dialog: (0.8)
dialog: Just black. So, I’m meeting with the
dialog: brokers on Monday. (beat) Thanks.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: You’ve got to tell me how it goes.
text: and heads directly down the hall towards his room.
dialog: Danny’s
text: He slams the decor shut with a BANG,
text: As he passes the kitchen a voice calls out behind him. It’s
text: his MOTHER, a tired woman in her mid-forties.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Daniel.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (not even turning around)
dialog: What? : :
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Where’ve you been? I thought we
dialog: agreed you’d be home before 11?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Iwas at the movies.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The movies? I don’t believe this,
dialog: Danny, you have a curfew. You can’t
dialog: just go to movies in the middle of
dialog: the night, how de you think I feel?
dialog: 10
dialog: ‘oe
dialog: “@
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don’t know. Looks like you were
dialog: having a good time.
text: He walks toward his room.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What?
text: She walks after him and grabs him before he gets to his roon.
dialog: (cont.)
dialog: What is that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Figure it cut, Mom.
text: Danny walks into his room and shuts the door, leaving his
text: Mother standing alone in the hallway.
dialog: af Es
scene_heading: EXT. 96TH AND LEX <-
text: The next morning. It’s hot as hell again. ‘It’s just after
text: Mine, but it’s already 85 degrees. DANNY meanders down 96th
dialog: street towards
scene_heading: HUNTER HIGH SCHOOL +=
text: A big, ugly red brick building that looks more like an armory.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTER --
text: Danny walks down a long, sterile, hallway. He comes to a
text: door, pushes it open...
speaker_heading: CLASSROOM -
text: Class is already well under way. In the front of the room,
text: a TEACHER (young, bearded, energetic) lectures on Hamlet.
text: Behind him is a large blackboard, and a white pull down movie
text: screen stretching almost to the floor.
text: Danny sits down at a desk in the back row.
speaker_heading: ‘ TEACHER
dialog: -» And so despite his inability to
dialog: il
dialog: ‘@
dialog: act, Hamlet is a kind of inspiration.
dialog: He is imaginative, thoughtful,
dialog: introspecti e...And most of all, he
dialog: can lauch at himself sees
text: Danny yawns and mechanically takes out a pen and a notebook.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: (noticing the bored class)
dialog: But I think you‘ll see this in the
dialog: clip, so why don’t we just roll it...
text: Danny perks up. The lights go down.
dialog: (cont.)
dialog: Alright, this is Laurence Olivier’s
dialog: version. Some of you might remember
dialog: him from Clash of the Titans.
text: The clip from HAMLET begins rolling.
scene_heading: ONSCREEN -=-
text: KING CLAUDIUS kneels before the altar, offering his confession
dialog: to God.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIUS
dialog: What if this cursed hand Were thicker
dialog: than itself with brothers’ blood? Is
dialog: there not rain enough in the sweet
dialog: heavens to wash it white as snow?
text: suddenly, SIR LAURENCE, as HAMLET, steals into the chapel.
scene_heading: BACK ON DANNY --
text: He sits up here, paying rapt attention, waiting to see what
dialog: Hamlet will do...
scene_heading: ONSCREEN -—
speaker_heading: CLAUDIUS
dialog: O wretched state! O bosom black as
dialog: death! Help, angels! Make assay!
text: Claudius falls to his knees.
speaker_heading: HAMLET
dialog: Now might I do it pat, now ‘a is a
dialog: prayin, and now I‘ll do it - and so
dialog: he goes to heaven, And so am i
dialog: i2
dialog: revenged.
scene_heading: BACK ON DANNY --
text: Still somewhat interested, but growing tired of Hamlet’s
dialog: speech.
scene_heading: ONSCREEN -~
speaker_heading: HAMLET
dialog: That would be scanned. A Villain
dialog: kills my father, and for that, I, his
dialog: sole son, do the same villain send To
dialog: Heaven. Why this is hire and salary,
dialog: not revenge.
scene_heading: BACK ON DANNY -~
dialog: Disappointed. Hamlet’s not gonna do it. He’s gonna talk
dialog: about doing it, but he’s not gonna do it.
text: PULL IN closer and closer on Danny’s eyes as they glaze over
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY -~-
text: We are back in ELSINORE. CLAUDIUS prays at the altar, as
text: Hamlet steals up behind him.
text: Hamlet, however, looks a little different. He’s got the black
text: turtleneck, the gold medallion, but his back, his shoulders...
dialog: They’re huge. :
text: As the strange looking Hamlet emerges from the darkness we
dialog: realize, this isn’t Lord Olivier at all, but ARNO SLATER. And
text: he looks pissed.
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: Claudius, you killed my father...
text: The. deep-voiced action V.0. from the trailer kicks in...
dialog: v.o.
text: SOMETHING IS ROTTEN IN THE STATE OF
speaker_heading: DENMARK!
text: Arno hoists Claudius into the air.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Now, I kill you!
dialog: i3
dialog: e
dialog: V.o.
text: AND HAMLET IS TAKING OUT THE TRASH!
text: Arno chucks Claudius out the window of Elsinore, into the
text: raging waters below. .
speaker_heading: MONTAGE ~~
text: The kicking EXTREMELY VIOLENT soundtrack blasts out deafening
dialog: metal chords...
text: Shots of Arno, naked from the waist up, in ‘camo paint and full
text: combat gear, running through the brooding, moody castle of
dialog: Elsinore:
text: -- blowing away POLONIUS behind the curtain with a machine
dialog: gun.
text: -- pretending to brood in the graveyard with YORICK’S skull,
text: then spinning around and chucking it at an approaching guard.
text: -- Wiring castle Elsinore with plastique explosive, and then
dialog: blowing it up...
text: The explosion fades cut...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Danny?
text: Danny starts to stir awake.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Danny, wake up.
text: The Teacher is tapping him. He has fallen asleep, class is
text: ever, the room is empty.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: . (startled)
dialog: I’m awake, I’m awake...
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: You liked the lecture, huh?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Never mind.
text: Danny pulls himself te his feet.
dialog: 14
dialog: eet
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Look, Dan, you of all people, you've
dialog: gotta start paying attention...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Uh, yeah. I’m real sorry.
dialog: (shuffling nervously) I gotta get to
dialog: my next class.
text: Danny hustles out the door.
dialog: ar &
scene_heading: INT. PLAYLAND VIDEO ARCADE -- LATER THAT DAY --
scene_heading: VIDEO SCREEN -- :
text: A huge gorilla of a video villain is getting his head kicked
text: in by the hero, who’s got him by the scruff of his neck and
text: knees him repeatedly in the face till he drops to the ground
text: and disappears.
scene_heading: WIDER ON DANNY
text: hunched over DOUBLE DRAGON 2, an extremely violent video game,
text: using one last finger-flurry to finish off the bad guys.
scene_heading: ALL AROUND HIM -~
text: coins are clanking, machines are whiz-banging into hyper-
text: space, and the whole room is flashing with light. Mean
text: looking teenagers toking off skinnies of curb herb mill around
text: in their satin jackets and five-finger rings. This isn’t
dialog: exactly the type of place where you’d expect to find a fifteen
text: year-old white boy with a smile on his face.
text: DANNY has racked up a huge tally, and the Video Screen flashes
dialog: on te its Ten Second Musical Interlude Phase before climbing
text: up to the next level. .
text: A BIGGER KID, a couple of years older than Danny, comes over
text: to the video machine. His eyes are only half open, and he
text: looks pretty drugged out.
text: Danny stares at the blinking screen and tries to ignore him.’
speaker_heading: BIGGER KID
dialog: Hey Man, can you give me a dollar?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No...I don’t have one.
dialog: is
dialog: ‘@
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BIGGER KID
dialog: come on.
text: The game starts up again, and Danny gets back into it, jamming
text: away at the controls. The kid just stands there, right over
text: his shoulder, staring at him for a few seconds. Then he
text: mumbles something angrily, and saunters over to another game.
text: Danny looks relieved, as he watches the kid walk away.
scene_heading: BACK ON THE VIDEO SCREEN -
text: The game gets harder and harder. The Villain lands @ series
text: of devastating body blows and finally Danny’s guy is backed
text: into a corner, roundhoused, and dogged. The screen starts
text: flashing, “INSERT COIN" over and over again.
text: As the game ends, Danny straightens up and takes his roll of
text: quarters off the machine. He heads for the exit.
scene_heading: EXT, EIGHTH AVENUE -- EVENING
text: It’s gotten late. Danny comes out on to the street, and turns
text: the corner for Times Square.
text: Behind him, THE BIGGER KID from the arcade ambles out and
text: follows Danny down the block.
scene_heading: & FEW BLOCKS AWAY <<
text: Danny waits impatiently for the traffic light to change.
text: Then, from behind, the KID taps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: BIGGER KID
dialog: < Hey.
text: Damny tries to ignore him, taking a few steps out into the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: BIGGER KID
dialog: Give me five dollars.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don’t have any money.
text: Danny crosses the street quickly, cutting his way through the
dialog: 16
dialog: ‘@
dialog: 
text: Danny togs East on 42nd street, his book bag flapping heavily
text: against his back. He passes the old New York Movie Houses <-
text: The Selwyn, Cine Harris, Cine 42, and glances back nervously
text: over his shoulder. All’s clear as he slows down right outside
text: the front entrance to the decrepit old, Asmedeun.
speaker_heading: HEN
text: All of a sudden, the KID is right up in his face. Danny jumps
text: back and tries to push him away but the Kid grabs him by the
text: arm, and starts dragging him down the street.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: Get off...Get off of me.
text: Danny can‘t break free. The Kid shoves him into the alley
text: behind The Asmodeun and slams him up against the wall.
speaker_heading: BIGGER KID
dialog: Get out your money.
text: Danny’s face is red, he’s scared, but he’s not going to cave
text: in. He gathers his strength and LUNGES forward at the kid,
text: trying to knock him over.
text: The BIGGER KID just steps back and grabs Danny again, this
text: time taking a swing at his face. His punch glances off
text: Danny’s cheek and sends him reeling back against the wall.
speaker_heading: BIGGER KID
dialog: I didn’t want to hit you.
text: Danny tries to stabilize himself as the kid reaches into his
text: pocket and fishes out his wallet. He grabs out the money,
text: throws Danny’s wallet on the ground, and beats it down the
dialog: alley.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (through angry tears)
dialog: Goddamnit!
text: The kid is almost out of the alley when the side door to the
text: theater opens and THE PROJECTIONIST, leaning on a@ walking
text: cane, appears before him. The kid quickens his pace and is
text: about to slip by when,
speaker_heading: WHACK!
dialog: i7
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: mM @ crushing blow to his throat
text: vy cane. The is coughing and shaking all over
text: ws the stolen money on the ground, and hobbles out
dialog: 
text: THE PROJECTIONIST picks up the loose money and heads towards
dialog: Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Lester...How did...
speaker_heading: THE PROJECTIONIST
dialog: I heard your screaming. Are you
dialog: badly bruised?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, no...I’m fine.
speaker_heading: THE PROJECTIONIST
dialog: I’m afraid the little wretch got away
dialog: this time. If you ask me this whole
text: city is going to hell. —
text: The Projectionist hands Danny back his money.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Thanks.
text: As Danny brushes himself off, the Projectionist watches him
text: intently, as though trying to make uf his mind about
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: THE PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Danny, after you get cleaned up, come
dialog: to the Projection booth. I have
dialog: something for you.
text: The Projectionist ducks back into the alley door and
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: INT. ASMODEUN - DAY
text: Danny pads down the long, red carpeted hallways to the back
text: of the theater. He reaches the end, and climbs up a spiral
text: staircase, hesitantly, his eyes fixed overhead on the door
text: marked “PROJECTION BOOTH". He knocks, and the door swings
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. PROJECTION BOOTH -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: voa wave of
text: rafters, a lone
dialog: end of the room
dialog: s the screen,
text: sits ona stool, balancing some film on his
dialog: 
text: long, “beny fingers as it snakes and winds its way through the
text: projector. He is concentrating intensely and doesn’t even
text: icok up when Danny enters.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It’s hot as hell in here.
text: tartled, The Projectionist loses his concentration, and the
text: film unspools out onto the floor.
scene_heading: . PROJECTIONIST
dialog: GODDAMNIT! (fuming) Didn’t you see
dialog: I was working?! Never interrupt me
dialog: when I’m working...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look, I‘m sorry...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: (calming down)
dialog: No, no I’m sorry. I was just... It’s
dialog: these damned ancient projectors... I
dialog: snapped. (beat) Sit down.
text: Dariny looks around for a chair and finds the only other one
text: in the room, pushed back into one of the dark corners. He
text: goes over and slumps down, falling deep into the saggy
dialog: cushion.
text: The Projectionist begins reloading the film into the
text: projector. This continues through the scene.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Do you read the Bible, Danny?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, not really...
speaker_heading: THE PROJECTIONIST
dialog: "Recompense to no man evil for
dialog: evil...as much as lyeth in you, live
dialog: peaceably with all men. Vengeance is
dialog: mine; I will repay, Sayeth the Lord."
dialog: (beat) Ridiculous, isn’t it?
text: Danny just stares back at him somewhat uncomfortably.
dialog: 19
dialog: a
dialog: the
dialog: the
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Death Wish, right? -
text: The Projectionist does not smile.
speaker_heading: THE PROJECTIONIST
dialog: I wouldn’t laugh, Danny. What would
dialog: you have done if I wasn’t there
dialog: today? Gone to the police? Do you
dialog: think that piece of filth ever would
dialog: have paid for what he did?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (getting a little uncomfortable)
dialog: Look, I just got mugged...
speaker_heading: THE PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Listen to me, Danny! It’s not just
dialog: a mugging we’re talking about!
dialog: (beat) You have the stomach for
dialog: vengeance, but not the power...I can
dialog: give you that power.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: The Projectionist disappears into the back of the room. It’s
text: so dark, Danny can’t even see him, but can hear that he’s
text: pushing things around. Finally, the Projectionist emerges,
text: carrying an old SHOE BOX.
text: He slowly pries the lid off, then reaches in...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: This, Danny, is for you.
text: He pulls His hand out and as he brings it up into the light,
dialog: we see that he’s holding...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A gun? Is that a gun.
text: This is no ordinary weapon. It looks like a revolver, but
dialog: it’s got a huge muzzle, like you could stuff an artillery
text: shell in the barrel.
dialog: 20
dialog: ‘é
dialog: a
speaker_heading: iY
dialog: cy
dialog: 
dialog: "
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Ioonce lent this to a nan naned
dialog: Herbert Gold. Bo you recognize the
dialog: nane?
speaker_heading: : DANNY
dialog: (staring at the gun)
dialog: Not really...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Mr, Gold was the man who started The
dialog: Asmodeun. He too was being pushed
dialog: around, edged out of the business by
dialog: forces greater than himself. For a
dialog: small price, I gave him this gun.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And now you want to give it to me?
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: I think you’1ll need it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I’m only fifteen years old, I don’t
dialog: have a license...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: A technicality... °
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look at that thing. I doubt if I can
dialog: even lift it...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Try.
text: Danny takes the gun out of the Projectionists’ hand.
text: as he touches it, his expression shifts from
text: wonderment.
speaker_heading: ~ DANNY
dialog: It’s so light...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Porcelain, actually, with a few
dialog: metals of my own design. It’s an
dialog: excellent firearm...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (turning it over in his hand}
dialog: 2i
dialog: AS soon
dialog: fear to
dialog: ‘@
dialog: e
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: You never know...
dialog: Pause .
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What do you get out of it?
text: The Projectionist smiles.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: When the right moment comes, when
dialog: you’ve been wronged, and you use it
dialog: to take your revenge...I will have
dialog: exactly what I want.
text: Danny looks at the Projectionist. He hesitates a moment, then
text: shrugs and neds his head.
text: As he starts to leave...
dialog: Danny?
text: He turns around.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: You know, I’1l be running EXTREMELY
dialog: VIGLENT tonight, just.to mark the
dialog: reel changes. (pause) I don’t know if
dialog: you’d be interested in an advance
dialog: preview...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, that’d be awesome.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Good. (he turns back to his work)
dialog: Be here at midnight.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Danny's MOTHER is busy on the phone when he returns home. He
text: slips into the KITCHEN and goes straight for the fridge.
speaker_heading: KITCHEN ~
text: Danny’s piled up about eight slices of bologna on to a slice
text: of bread when his mother comes in.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Danny, use a plate, okay?
speaker_heading: : DANNY
dialog: tt’s just a sandwich...
speaker_heading: MOTHER .
dialog: ---And IT want you to eat it on a
dialog: plate.
text: She reaches up to a cubbard to get him a plate when she
text: notices the bruise developing under his eye.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Danny, what’s that?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What?
text: Then he remembers and averts his eyes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Daniel look at me. What is that?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: It’s nothing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: what happened, were you in a fight?. °
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No. (sarcastically) I got hit by a
dialog: bus. : >
text: Danny’s Mother stares at him. She doesn’t even know what to
text: say. She puts the plate down on the counter.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I have an appointment at five, so...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So, Bye.
text: She turns to go, but can’t leave it at that.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’m going out to the Cemetery
dialog: tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 23
dialog: e
dialog: wa
dialog: a
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MOT:
dialog: we've talked about
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, and the answer is still ne-
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Danny...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What’s the point? Stand around the
text: graveyard and stare at his tombstone?
dialog: What the hell is that gonna do?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You can’t stay angry the rest of your
dialog: life, Danny.
text: Danny grabs his sandwich and walks out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ASMODEUN THEATER -- NIGHT
text: Of all the theaters on the block, THE ASMODEUN is the biggest
text: and most run down. In,crooked red letters plastered up on to
text: the marquee, is the title "EXTREMELY VIOLENT".
text: It’s just after Midnight and pouring rain when Danny arrives
text: at the once grand front entrance to the theater. He yanks
text: hard on the heavy doors, somewhat surprised when they swing
dialog: right open. .
scene_heading: INT. ASMODEUN =
text: Danny shakes the rain off his sopping knapsack. It’s pitch
text: black inside, and he can’t find the lights. Blindly, he
text: stumbles forward, following the glowing neon lights of the
dialog: concession stand.
text: Edging his way along the walls, Danny reaches the theater
text: doors and pulls them open.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER ~
text: SFX + The projector clacking steadily away.
dialog: 24
dialog: 
dialog: see the film already running, and
dialog: m Booth. . :
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: " Hey, Les!
scene_heading: : PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Right on time, Danny. I’m impressed.
text: Danny spins around. The Projectionist is standing right
text: behind hin.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Take a seat. AS you Can see, the
dialog: theater is all yours.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, great. :
text: Danny heads down the aisle followed by The Projectionist and
text: cuts into a middle row. .
speaker_heading: @ PROJECTIONIST
dialog: a (indignant)
dialog: é &Q There, Danny?
speaker_heading: ‘ DANNY
dialog: Yeah, sure. These are the best
dialog: seats. |
dialog: ) >
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST °
dialog: But you’re so far away. Why don’t
dialog: you try up close...Then you can
dialog: really get into the action.
speaker_heading: i DANNY
dialog: . Okay, clese is cool.
scene_heading: DISSCLVE TO -~ Five Minutes Later
text: Danny is sitting in a seat near the front, and from his face,
text: we can see that he is totally engrossed. The Projectionist
text: stands right next to him, in the aisle, also watching
dialog: i
dialog: intently.
speaker_heading: ARNO’S VOICE
dialog: (6.8.)
dialog: come on, Frank, you ¢ould‘ve hit
dialog: that...
dialog: 25
dialog: 
dialog: ‘o
dialog: 
text: BATTING CAGE, TWO MEN practice pitching and
text: They are ARNO SLATER and his cousin FRANK.
text: Arne wears an old worn, U.S.M.C. CAP, and stands behind a
text: protector wall zinging pitches at his cousin in the batter’s
text: BOX.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Qo and 2, Frank...Let’s see what
dialog: you‘’re made of.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: 5 _ Right down the pipe.
text: Arno’s features tighten. He rears back and hurls the ball at
text: an unimaginable speed towards home plate...
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION - THE BALL
text: Racing forward, slicing the air, the stitches spinning
dialog: | wildly...
text: 8 THEN, the BALL, reaching the bat, splitting the wood,
text: - SHATTERING the bat, and still going...
dialog: if
text: ' a RIPPING through the back netting, it sails out and finally.
text: ' clangs into a steel wall.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: : (grinning wide)
dialog: ' That’s the ballgame.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (looking at his demolished bat)
dialog: Does that count as a foul tip?
text: Arno and Frank laugh heartily as Arno affectionately takes his
text: - U.S.M.C. HAT off and sticks it on Frank‘s head.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Hats off, Frank, you're getting
dialog: better.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE REAL WORLD --
text: Danny is eating it up. He turns around to The Projectionist.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: e See that guy, Arro’s cousin, he’s
dialog: 26
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, then just watch, this whole
dialog: thing’s going get really violent.
scene_heading: ONSCREEN -- A FEW MINUTES LATER «= A CAR WASH --
text: FRANK rides up on to the moving track, and shifts his car into
text: neutral. He rolls up his windows, smiling and whistling to
text: himself as his car disappears into the DARK CAR WASH.
text: THEN, @ pair of IDENTICAL TWINS, JULES and JIM, in matching
text: white linen suits, slip into the other end of the car wash.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CAR WASH ~-
text: Frank’s car comes out from under a bank of rollers. His calm
text: expression takes on a troubled wrinkle, and then a look of
text: horror as out of the shadows come the Twins.
text: JULES swings back a crow bar and bashes open the sun roof
text: just as, uh oh, JIM hits the Simonization Switch, the het wax
text: nezzle starts spewing out and melts Frank/s face like cheese.
text: A few moments later, Frank’s car rolls out...Frank is dead.
speaker_heading: Ot Bs
dialog: BACK TO REALITY <=
speaker_heading: DANRY
dialog: What‘’d I tell you? The guy smiled
dialog: too much, you knew he was gonna...
text: Then, Danny suddenly realizes that there’s no one standing
text: next to him. He whirls around his chair as...
scene_heading: SFX -- DOOR SLAMMING .
text: The back doors to the theater slam shut. >
scene_heading: SFX -- LOCK TURNING
text: And lock. Danny corsiders this for a second, puzzled.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 27
dialog: “e@
speaker_heading: w- FRANK’S
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ERAL -
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: , foulmouthed Police Superintendent.
text: ne‘s seen it all before, as he polishes
text: deg over Frank’s grave.
speaker_heading: ; ARNO
dialog: Decker, this was no accident.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Don’t even start with me, Slater.
speaker_heading: ARNO
text: rony has concluded, and ARNO is talking with DECKER,
dialog: Decker looks
dialog: off a chili
dialog: Whoever did this was a professional,
dialog: and I’m going to find them.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: The hell you are. I still got a
dialog: six-pack of City Hall Boys crawling
dialog: three feet up my hershey-hcle from
dialog: your last assignment.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Frank was my cousin... and my friend.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: I don’t care if he was doinkin you up
dialog: . . the keister. You drop it, Slater,
dialog: just forget it ever happened, because
dialog: you‘re off this case. Permanently.
text: Decker walks away leaving Arno alone at Frank’s head stone.
text: Arno solemnly takes the U.S. Marine Corps Cap, now spattered
text: with melted wax, and lays it across the grave.
text: Another COP comes up behind him.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I’m sorry, Slater.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’m not sorry...
text: rno stands up.
dialog: (cont.}
dialog: I’m pissed. :
scene_heading: BACK ON DANNY ~-
dialog: 28
text: He’s locking uD on screen; but something's bothering him. As
text: he moves his head back and forth, a thin shaft of white light
text: shoots out in the middle of the screen. It looks like the
text: TEAR has REOPENED.
text: He gets up from his seat and starts walking down the aisle.
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: BACK ONSCREEN --
text: ARNO is sitting in his car, parked across the street from the
text: CAR WASH, locking out through a pair of binoculars.
speaker_heading: ARNO'S BP.O.V =
text: The Twins, JULES and JIM, are in the middie of a drug buy fron
text: some local GANG MEMBERS, who have a pick-up truck filled with
text: hundreds of kilo bags of COCAINE.
scene_heading: BACK ON DANNY --
text: He‘’s right on stage at the end of the screen. Sure enough,
text: the tear has reopened. He sticks his hand inside feeling
text: around for his tape seam.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: Don’t forget our bargain, Danny...
text: Danny turns and stares back at The Projectionist, who. is
text: standing out on the balcony, smiling a terrible smile.
text: SUDDENLY, Danny feels his arm being yanked and....
scene_heading: IN SLOW MOTION ~~
text: The world begins to warp and bend, then it ZOOMS forward at
text: a thousand miles an hour. It stops with a jolt, and Danny
text: finds himself standing face to face with ARNO SLATER, who is
text: hoiding his arm in a vise-like grip.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What are you doing here, kid?
text: DANNY is in a state of shock. He looks over his shoulder
text: The Theater is gone, no seats, no projection booth...
text: DANNY HAS BEEN SUCKED INTO THE FILM!
text: He is standing in the middle of a car wash, and ARNO SLATER
text: has a gun to his head.
dialog: 29
dialog: ‘é
dialog: “e@
dialog: f~
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Are you 4 criminal?
speaker_heading: DANNY .
dialog: No! NO! Wait, I’m just, you don’t
dialog: understand, [I was just standing in
dialog: the...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You’re interfering with my
dialog: investigation.
text: ARNO grabs Danny by the collar when suddenly A HAIL OF GUNFIRE
text: rings out all around them. THREE VILLAINS are unloading -all
text: their ammo in their direction.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Duck!
text: Arno yanks Danny with him as the dive into the dark interior
dialog: of the Car Wash.
scene_heading: INT. CAR WASH --
text: The inside of the car wash is a whirring, mechanical-mess of
text: brushes and hoses. Arno leads Danny along the wall.
scene_heading: BEHIND THEM --
text: are the three Mercs who just fired at them. They stand at the
text: entrance, peering into the darkness.
scene_heading: IN FRONT OF THEM --
text: Is the DRUG TRUCK, frothing up wet cocaine, and moving slowly
text: towards the end of the cycle.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: This way.
text: Arno creeps over to the truck.
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Come on, Danny, wake up, wake up
dialog: NOW...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Keep quiet!
text: Arno puts his fist through the window of the truck, then
text: reaches in and cpens the doer.
dialog: 30
dialog: ‘6
speaker_heading: * ARNOs
dialog: . Get in, kid.
text: As Danny gets in the truck, Arno reloads his gun.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: How many were there?
text: Danny is teo frightened to speak.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Hey kid, snap out of it! How many
dialog: followed us in?
speaker_heading: > DANNY
dialog: Uhhh, three guys, but... 3
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: And six out front. Nine overall. (he
text: cocks his pistol) No problen.
text: The truck has almost reached the end of the cycle.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Now listen, I want you to lie down,
dialog: and don’t get up till all the
text: shooting’s stopped.
dialog: a
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB --
text: DANNY is lying on the floor of the pitch dark truck. Big,
text: wet, soapy cloths flap against the window every few seconds.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON =~
text: Danny’s face: Sweaty, red...he’s flipping out.
text: It starts getting lighter and lighter in the truck, and Danny
text: realizes that he’s about to be sent out on to the lot.
speaker_heading: SFX - THUMP
text: The truck comes off the end of the track and rolis along in
text: meutral. There is a moment of silence, then...
text: The sound of six machine guns firing in unison.
scene_heading: STAY ON DANNY -~-
dialog: 3i
dialog: ‘e
dialog: ae
text: g against the truck, shattering glass and
text: ng all over him. He shields his face with
dialog: 
dialog: : its
text: his ENAPSAC CK.
text: The blasting cacophony continues for 4@ gocd twenty seconds,
text: the truck cab is being sliced apart like swiss cheese.
text: Suddenly, it stops.
dialog: SFX -- Empty guns clicking
scene_heading: KEEP STAYING ON DANNY --
text: Holding his ears, waiting for what will come next.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: You missed.
text: The shooting starts all over again, although this time the
text: screams of dying Mercs echo through the Car Wash.
scene_heading: BACK ON DANNY’S FACE --
text: He takes his hands off his ears, and comes out from behind his
text: KNAPSACK. Silence.
text: The. broken truck door slowly swings cpen. Danny peers
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR WASH PARKING LOT --
text: what Danny sees is a testimony to the extreme violence that
dialog: just occurred.
text: The asphalt is pockmarked, filled with bullet holes; the
text: ground is littered with severed Merc limbs, bullet cases, and
text: discarded firearms.
speaker_heading: DANNY ~-
text: pulls himself out of the truck. He looks back up onto the
text: flatbed and sees
speaker_heading: ARNO +-~
text: standing up there, wiping off his prized laser-scope gun with
text: a hanky and surveying the area.
speaker_heading: - DANNY
dialog: Nice shocting.
dialog: 32
dialog: eo
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Wrong. The Twins got away.
text: He hops down off the back of the flatbed, then picks up a DEAD
dialog: MERC. °
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (shaking him}
dialog: Who are you working for? -~
text: He bangs him against the ground.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: wWhere’s the money? Talk, asshole!
text: He slams him again. Danny walks up behind Arno. Then he
dialog: notices something...
scene_heading: IN THE DISTANCE --
text: A BLACK CAR, screaming down the street right towards Arno and
dialog: Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Um, Arno?
text: Arno'’s searching the guy’s pockets.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (tapping him on the shoulder)
dialog: Uhh, Arno. I. think we’ve got
dialog: trouble..
dialog: He’s right, cause coming up on them fast is...
scene_heading: THE TWINS’ BLACK PEUGEOT --
text: The identical brothers sitting in the front seat, Jules
text: driving, Jim loading the guns.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno!
text: Finally, Arno looks up. The Black Peugeot is about to smash
text: right into them.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Move back.
text: In Slow-Mo, Arno whirls around, falls to his knees and aims.
text: The laserlight dances off the car steering wheel, then on to
dialog: 33
text: Jules’ driving hand and...
speaker_heading: WHAMMO
text: His first shot cracks the windshield, the Twins just laugh...
speaker_heading: BLAMMO
text: Arno’s second shot blows a hole througn the windshield,
text: hitting Jules’ hand. He yelps and swerves, sending the car
text: careening off to Arno’s side.
dialog: AT THE SAME TIME --
text: TEN POLICE CARS, their sirens screaming, hurtle towards the
dialog: car wash.
text: The Black Peugeot pulls around, Jules and Jim quickly switch
text: places in the front seat. The window slides down, and Jules
text: leans out, clutching his bleeding hand.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You are a dead man, Slater...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And your leetle friend, too!
text: They gun the engine and screech off towards the highway. +
text: ARNO AND DANNY are standing in the middle of the wreckage, as
text: cops swarm out of their cars and descend on then.
text: Two cops, KILLGALLON and MCMURPHY sidle up to Arno.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Killgalion, McMurphy. Radio in an
dialog: APB, two of them got away...
speaker_heading: KILLGALLON
dialog: Forget it Slater. The Chief wants to
dialog: see you. Pronto.
speaker_heading: MCMURPHY
dialog: Decker’s gonna have your ass when he
dialog: sees the damage bill for this little
dialog: party...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: But look, there was a big drug deal
dialog: going down...
speaker_heading: »KILLGALLON
dialog: 34
dialog: Save it for Internal Affairs.
dialog: ar Em
scene_heading: INT. ARNO’S CAR ~
text: rno stomps over to his car, swings the door open, and is
text: about to turn the ignition when he notices...
text: DANNY. Sitting in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The way I see it, this must be some
dialog: kind of. bologna~induced nightmare, so
dialog: I might as well try to enjoy it...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Kid...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I mean, I’n standing in a moyie
dialog: > theater watching you, then the next
dialog: : thing I know I’m getting shot at,
dialog: it’s gotta be a dream...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Look, kid...
speaker_heading: “DANNY
dialog: So what’s first, we head back to the
dialog: precinct to get chewed out?
speaker_heading: . ARNO .
dialog: No, I’m heading back to the precinct,
dialog: you are going home.
speaker_heading: : DANNY
dialog: That's gonna be difficult...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Look, you’re shell shocked, you're
dialog: hallucinating. I’m not a doctor. So
text: get out of the car.
text: Arno reaches in and pulls Danny out of the car.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 35
dialog: Wait, wait a second!
text: Arno lets him go.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look, Arno, you can‘t leave me here,
dialog: I have nowhere to go!
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’m a cop, I’ve got a job to do...
text: Arno climbs back in the car. Danny’s getting really nervous
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: fhe Twins, Arno! You can’t leave me
dialog: here...
text: Arno turns to face hin.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Remember, they threatened to kill me?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Hmmm.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You know they’1l do it, Arno. They
dialog: killed Frank, they’ll kill me too if
dialog: you just leave me here...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: Frank... (pause) You’re right. Get
text: in the car.
text: Danny smiles then hops in the passenger seat.
dialog: ar
text: ON THE HIGHWAY --
text: Arne hurtles down the streets of Los Angeles at 120 mph.
text: Danny, in the passenger seat, clutches his shoulder strap for
dialog: dear life.
text: Arno takes an incredible, 90 degree left turn, then a quick
text: right and swerves into the parking lot of the Police Precinct.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT -- DAY
dialog: The standard, Hollywood-Movie police precinct:
dialog: 36
dialog: 
text: Big. burly cops in aviator sunglasses hustle scuzzy criminals
text: off to their holding pens. ‘Angry citizens complain about
text: crimes to the DESK SERGEANT. Hard boiled cops who’ve seen it
text: all twice munch donuts and drink coffee at their desks.
text: Into this chaos strides ARNO SLATER.
text: DANNY, trying to stop and savor the hyped up film-world, keeps
text: having to run to catch up with Arno’s huge strides.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So I guess Captain Decker’s gonna
dialog: give you a hard time now, huh?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: For what? For doing my job and
dialog: getting the scum off the streets?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well, no, I thought he was always
dialog: giving you shit...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Decker and I go way back. He was in
dialog: my platoon in Nam. I saved his life.
text: Suddenly, a voice rings out from the back of the precinct.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: SLATER! Goddamn it, Slater, get your
dialog: greasy melons in here, right now!
text: Danny smiles.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Wait here.
text: Arno disappears into Decker’s office, jeaving Danny alone in
text: the huge precinct.
text: His attention drifts over to a desk, where two DETECTIVES are
text: arguing heatedly. One of themn’s black, and fastidiously neat,
text: the other white and a complete wreck.
speaker_heading: BLACK COP
dialog: You’re a menace Kochansky!
speaker_heading: WHITE cop
dialog: And you're an uptight pencil pusher,
dialog: Lincoln!
dialog: ar Ex
dialog: 37
text: ker is screaming at Arno, who stands impassively at the
text: er side of the desk.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: I got the city council chewing my
dialog: eggs off for the drug bust in Venice,
dialog: I got the mayor taking a hike up my
dialog: wazoo over that freeway incident
dialog: ++,and now this,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Ido my job. Criminals suffer...
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Don’t hand me any of that
dialog: 2 philescphical horse pucky, Slater.
dialog: I teld you to stay off this case, and
dialog: I meant it...
scene_heading: BACK IN THE MAIN ROOM --
text: Danny is walking down a row of DETECTIVE’S DESKS. They are
dialog: ALL mismatched buddy~cop teams. One black, one white, one
text: female, one male. There’s a even a guy teamed up with a dog.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Down hoy, down!
scene_heading: DECKER’S OFFICE <- °
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: ...French Identical Twins? Come on,
dialog: Slater, you can do better than
dialog: that...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: They were the ones who killed Frank,
dialog: I’m sure of it...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: He's right.
text: Danny’s standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And they tried to kill us, and, if I
dialog: can just add, sir, Officer Slater’s
dialog: handling of the situation included
dialog: 38
dialog: (@ some of th.
dialog: e
dialog: violent acti
dialog: seen.
dialog: most kick-ass, extremely
dialog: ion hervics I’ve ever
text: Decker stares at Danny like ET just waddled into his office.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Slater?
speaker_heading: ARNO
text: Innocent bystander, he was caught in
dialog: the crossfire...
speaker_heading: } DANNY
dialog: ) Arno took care of that.
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: ' The Twins, they threatened his life.
dialog: i He needs protection.
text: ’ Decker leans over his desk. He puts his hand on Danny’s
dialog: } shoulder.
speaker_heading: e DECKER
dialog: ic What’s your name, kid?
speaker_heading: C&R
speaker_heading: ’ DANNY
dialog: } Daniel. Danny Goldman.
speaker_heading: . DECKER
dialog: ) Well, Danny, I’m sorry that you got
dialog: mixed up in this. And. just to show
dialog: , you that the LAPD genuinely cares
dialog: about the citizens of this city, I’m .
dialog: gonna assign our best officer to
dialog: protect you.
speaker_heading: ° ARNO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: . 5 DECKER
dialog: Starting right now, Slater, your job
dialog: is to protect this kid. Everywhere
dialog: & he goes, you go.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Don’t do this to me, Decker...
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: @ Already done. Now haul your sandy
dialog: C crack out of here before I really get
dialog: angry...
dialog: 39
dialog: C.
speaker_heading: C
text: Arno glares down at the beaming Danny as they turn and exit.
dialog: ar Ee
speaker_heading: PRECINCT --
text: Arno and Danny march back through the presinct.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That’s so classic. Of course they’d
dialog: assign you to protect me. It’s
dialog: totally buddy-filn.
text: Arno dees not look thrilled.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I should have guessed it.
text: Arno swings the front doors open and they leave.
dialog: ar Ex
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Swerving through the traffic at just under MACH ONE is Arno’s
text: beat up brown sedan car.
speaker_heading: IN THE CAR -
text: Arno grits his teeth, his foot pressed all the way down on the
text: accelerator. He’s making impossible moves, and never once
text: comes close to crashing.
text: Danny, beside him, is buckled up and enjoying every minute of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Do you always drive this fast?
text: Arno, still aggravated by his stinky assignment, ignores hin.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look, I’ know you’re pissed about this
dialog: assignment, but really, you don’t
dialog: have to worry about me. Do whatever
dialog: you got to.do. I mean if you want to
dialog: go chase down Frank's killers, I”11
dialog: just come with you.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Where do you think we’re going?
dialog: 40
dialog: (@
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (a little surprised)
dialog: Ch, okay, great!
text: The car zig zags crazily down the Sunset Strip.
text: Flashing by the car windows is an even More extreme version
text: of Sunset’s actual PORNO PALACES: .
text: They pass ‘Strip Joint’, ‘Topless Bar’, ‘Naked Women’, ‘Live
text: Nudes’, then ‘’Nude Nudes’, and finally...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: That’s the one.
text: Arno pulls over in front of ‘TOTALLY NUDE NUDES’
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The one what?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: When you’re looking for scum, go
dialog: where scum collects.
scene_heading: INT, TOTALLY NUDE NUDES -
dialog: The scrazziest, dingiest, dark, smokey, low-life bar you’ve
dialog: ever seen. .
dialog: 2
text: Central Casting’s full hoodlum population must be here on
text: lunch break: Mean looking BIKERS, fat, tattooed RED NECKS,
text: GANG MEMBERS, KARATE EXPERTS, PIMPS and JUNKIES all chat. away
text: at the bar, .
text: As soon as Arno and Danny walk in...Silence. Everyone looks
text: up from his beer.
text: Arno, followed by Danny, sidles up to the bar.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What’ll it be, big guy?
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: Nothing for you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Aw, come on, Arno...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You’re underage, it’s against the
dialog: jaw. Here, have some gum.
dialog: 41
text: Arno pulls out a pack cf GUM and hands it to Danny, who sticks
text: two pieces in his mouth.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Wait here.
text: ARNO wanders off towards the pool tables in back to ask some
text: questions. All eyes are on him as he goes.
text: Meanwhile, Danny wads up the gum and stuffs it in the ashtray.
text: He gets the bartender’s attention and calls him over.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Barkeep, you want to get me a beer?
text: All the while, in the background, ARNO can be heard busting
text: heads, breaking fingers, and turning over tables.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You here with Slater?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You know him? >
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (nonchalantly)
dialog: Oh sure, he’s a real pain in the ass.
dialog: Comes in here once a month, Beats the
dialog: shit cut of all my customers, wrecks
text: the ‘joint and leaves.
text: Danny turns around and sees Arno throwing a fat red-neck
text: through a window, and sticking a pimp’s head into a juke box.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Now maybe you remember!
text: Danny turns back around to face the Bartender.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I wish they’d just tell him when he
dialog: asks, but no...
speaker_heading: DANRY
dialog: Hey listen, maybe you could help...
dialog: ar &
text: ARNO, who is still beating the crap out of a criminal on the
dialog: floor. ,
dialog: 42
dialog: (@
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Where can I find them?
text: Arne slaps him across the face, just as Danny walks over.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey Arno, ease up...
speaker_heading: ARNG “
dialog: Talk asshole!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (interrupting) :
dialog: Their names are Julies and dim
dialog: Lumiere. They’re hired guns...
text: Arno lets go of the guy, but gives him a warning.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Don’t move, criminal. I’11 be back.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: They work out of a health club, in
dialog: Malibu.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Good job, Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It was nothing, next time just ask
dialog: the bartender.
dialog: ar Be
scene_heading: EXT. MULLHOLLAND DRIVE =<
text: Arno’s car twists “and turns through the Hollywood Hillis. He
text: pulis into a driveway and up to his home, a low-slung Western
dialog: style ranch house.
scene_heading: INT. THE SLATER HOME -- DAY
text: Arne barrels through the front door and heads straight for the
text: kitchen. Danny follows him in, checking the place out.
text: Danny walks into the living room, as Arno reemerges from the
text: kitchen, carrying a lighter, a screwdriver, some gauze and a
dialog: bedpan. .
text: Danny walks over to the bookcases lining the walls.
dialog: 43
text: The books, as Danny checks them out. Arno has no novels in
dialog: his library, no collections of essays, no coffee table art
dialog: pooks.
text: What he does have, however is THE TIME LIFE GUIDE TO KILLING
text: PEOPLE, WHO’S WHO IN AMERICAN DRUG DEALING. and BULLETS OF THE
text: WORLD.
text: ARNO has been heating up the screwdriver with the
text: Zippo. It’s red hot now. He lays it down in the bed pan,
text: then whips his shirt off.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh man...When did that happen?
text: Arno’s got a big, ugly buliet wound right in his abdomen.
speaker_heading: ARNO ‘
dialog: Car wash. (beat) You know, Danny, a
dialog: lot of people complain about my
dialog: methods. They say I’m too violent...
text: Arno takes the screwdriver and thrusts it into his bullet
dialog: wound. : .
scene_heading: SFX -- SEARING FLESH a
speaker_heading: * ARNO :
dialog: But remember this: For every time a
dialog: criminal breaks the law, the law must
dialog: repay them.
text: He twists the screwdriver around, trying to dislodge the
dialog: bullet.
dialog: (cont.) |
dialog: I’m the law, I make them pay.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You mean kill then...
text: He catches on something with the screwdriver. Danny is
text: thoroughly revolted.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I mean justice, Danny...an eye for an
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about the whole arresting people
dialog: 44
dialog: part, Arno? You know, cuffing the
dialog: suspects and booking them...
dialog: then a "CLANG"
text: as Arno finally dislodges the bullet then lets it plop into
text: the bed pan.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I always get my man, Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, I’m sure you de. I was just
dialog: wondering if you ever bring in any of
dialog: the people you bust. I mean, can you
dialog: think of even one criminal you busted
dialog: who ever made it to jail alive?
text: Arno pauses for a moment, thinking hard.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: This guy, Jake. Two bullets to the
dialog: back of the skull. I must have
text: ‘missed his spinal column. He walks
dialog: in (97...
text: He continues dressing his wound.
dialog: (CONT. }
dialog: It just proves that sometimes an eye
dialog: for an eye isn’t even enough.
dialog: Sometimes, you need to take both
dialog: eyes, and the nose and ears too...
text: He finishes taping gauze to his side.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: For every crime, Danny, there is a
dialog: criminal. For every criminal...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (0.8.3
dialog: There is a punishment.
text: Danny spins around to see... °-
text: JESSICA, Arno’s WIFE, an attractive blonde woman wearing a
dialog: 45
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 
dialog: °
dialog: we wake you up?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA .
dialog: That’s okay, I’ve got to be at work
dialog: in an hour... .
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You‘’re the woman in the trailer!
text: Arno and Jessica stare at Danny strangely.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Uh, Jessica, this is Danny. Ifve
dialog: been assigned to protect him. Danny,
dialog: my wife, Jessica...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That’s so weird, I never would’ve
dialog: guessed you were married.
text: Jessica is checking Arno’s wound.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Oh, Arno, look at this bandage, this
dialog: is terrible...
text: She rips it off, causing Arno to flinch.
speaker_heading: JESSICA . :
dialog: You’ve got .an-exit wound right
dialog: here...
text: Jessica picks up the screwdriver, and cauterizes the bullet
text: hole where it came out his back. She then tapes some gauze
text: all the way around his stomach.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: There, that oughtta do the trick.
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: Thanks, honey.
text: He kisses her on the cheek.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (heading for the kitchen, 0.8.)
dialog: So how’re things going with the
dialog: investigation?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Not so good. Decker’s wants me off
dialog: 46
dialog: ‘@
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ; JESSICA
text: (coming back into the room with
dialog: coffee)
dialog: But you’re not going to back off, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Jessie, I can’t! Frank was my
dialog: cousin, I have to find his killers...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: ..-And make them pay. I know.
dialog: . (sighing) Well, here, give me your
dialog: gun...
text: Arno hands her his Beretta.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I’ll clean it for you while I do my
dialog: hair. Nice meeting you, Danny.
text: Jessica scoots out of the room with her coffee and the gun.
text: Arno smiles and looks after her. Suddenly, he turns to Danny.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Let’s go. We have work to do..
text: Arno leads Danny through the Kitchen and down the stairs to
text: the BASEMENT. They come to a thick steel: door.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So, what‘’s this? Storage area?
text: Arno smiles.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT --
text: Danny and Arno step inside, coming face to face with an
dialog: awesome display of firepower that would put the Pentagon to
dialog: shame.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Whoa...
text: Arno has neatly arranged the room by handguns, rifles, rocket
text: launchers, and explosives. Danny walks over to a large,
text: futuristic. gun and tries to pull it off the wall. It’s too
text: heavy for him to lift, however, and just as it’s about to
dialog: 47 ~
dialog: “e
text: iO'S massive hand graps it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Don’t touch! (beat) Look, Danny,
dialog: these aren’t toys. They‘re very
dialog: dangerous weapons, not for kids.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I was just looking...
text: Arno hefts the enormous gun up into ready position.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What is that thing, anyway?
speaker_heading: / ARNO
dialog: Roland Street Sweeper. Anti-riot,
text: anti-tank. Fires a 12 mm shell. (he
dialog: aims it) You can take out a city
dialog: . block with one shot. i love this
dialog: gun.
text: Danny keeps moving, he walks over to another section, where
text: Arno keeps his more primitive weapons. He stops in front of
text: a high tech BOW AND ARROW with a complicated pully system
dialog: attached. . :
speaker_heading: ARNO :
dialog: You like that? The arrows have
dialog: exploding tips. .
speaker_heading: ” DANNY
text: It looks familiar.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I got it from an old Nam buddy.
dialog: Crazy guy. He got arrested a few
dialog: years ago...Blew up a small town.
text: They move down even farther to his last exhibit, a gun kept
text: in a hermetically sealed, climate controlled box. Arno pops
text: the seals and pulls the gun out.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Now this...{he holds the gun up)
dialog: This is my Beretta from the war. An
dialog: amazing gun, saved my life a thousand
dialog: times. It has great action, reloads
dialog: quickly...{yelling) BAM! BAM!
text: Re puts it back up on the wall.
dialog: I love that gun.
dialog: ar Tk:
scene_heading: FIRING RANGE --
text: Arno has a professional firing range set up just behind his
dialog: arsenal.
text: ARNO walks up to one of the stalls, hefting four er five
text: weapons, including the one’s he’s already showed Danny.
text: Danny hustles up behind him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So your wife, she’s pretty
dialog: understanding about all this.
speaker_heading: ARNO ?
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well, you know, all the guns in the
dialog: house, you’ coming home bleeding.
dialog: That’s -pretty messed up. Don’t you
dialog: think it’s a little strange that she
dialog: puts up with it?
text: Arno turns to Danny, angered by his questioning.
dialog: . . ARNO °
dialog: : . Strange? Is it strange to fight
dialog: - crime, to stop criminals from harming
dialog: innocent people with their evil ways?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, I...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Is it strange for a wife to support
text: her husband as he struggles to avenge
dialog: the death of his cousin? If there’s
dialog: something wrong with that, Danny,
dialog: then there’s something wrong with me
dialog: too! -
text: He picks up the Beretta and pumps off a few rounds, hitting
text: the target in the eyes, nose and mouth. .
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Alright, I’m sorry I asked. (trying
dialog: ag
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: The Twins.
text: He picks up the compound bow and zips a few arrows into the
text: mannequin’s chest.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, I know... I mean, obviously the
dialog: Twins are involved. Iomean, who do
dialog: you think they’re working for?
speaker_heading: ARNO
text: A big drug dealer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: : (getting frustrated)
dialog: Obviously, they were selling drugs.
dialog: But the point is, there’s always
dialog: something more... a conspiracy.
text: Arno hefts up an assault rifle.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: i You know, like they’re really working
dialog: for a huge corporation, or they’re
dialog: using drug deals as a decoy for 4
dialog: . political assassination. (beat) Do
dialog: ' you know any corporate criminals or
dialog: corrupt Senators who might have
dialog: ’ wanted Frank dead?
text: ‘ Arno fires off a few more rounds, these blowing the right arm
text: off the mannequin.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I don’t know who they are, Danny.
text: Arno now picks up the Roland Street Sweeper.
dialog: (cont.)
dialog: But I know where they’re going.
text: -Arne fires a deafening round from the street sweeper,
text: pulverizing what’s left of the dummy into dust.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (giving up), : a
dialog: Okay, forget it. What‘s our first ©
dialog: eo — -
dialog: ‘é
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: We go to Malibu, find the Twins.
text: As they walk out through the arsenal, ARNO picks up two metal
text: rods attached by an electrical cord.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What’re those?
text: He smiles and touches them together, setting off sparks.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Taser Sticks. They can stun an
dialog: elephant.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: THE LIVING ROOM --
text: Jessica is in the kitchen now, dressed in a tight black dress,
text: carefully cleaning the last few parts in Arne’s gun and
text: putting it back together. Arno bounds into the room, carrying
text: a@ogym bag, Danny close behind. He grabs some Gatorade from
text: the fridge, takes a swig, then heads for the door.
speaker_heading: ARNO :
dialog: Bye honey, have a good day at work.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Arno?
text: He turns around. .
speaker_heading: ° JESSICA
dialog: Your gun? e
text: He takes it from her.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: And here, you left this clip of
text: bullets in the station wagon last
dialog: week, I didn’t know if you needed
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Thanks.
text: He gives her a peck on the cheek.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: - 5i
dialog: ‘@
dialog: “@
dialog: Lill try tc te heme for dinner.
text: door like excited adclescent
dialog: scout meeting.
dialog: He and Danny skip out
text: schoolboys off to their fi
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MALIBU HEALTH AND FITNESS CLUB - DAY
dialog: The Club is an exclusive, high-tech, very private organization
dialog: si
text: icuated right on the beach.
text: Danny and Arno pull in through the tall wrought iron gates,
text: and view the imposing long biack awning, shading the entrance.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Time for payback.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ah, Arno...Tell me if I’m way off
dialog: here, but aren’t we going to have
dialog: some trouble getting in?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: No trouble for us, trouble for them.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Right, we could do it that way...But
dialog: then The Twins will be on their
dialog: guard. -
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: DANNY °
dialog: So, what if we enter inconspicuously? >
dialog: Arno draws a blank. ?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: We pose as customers who are thinking
dialog: of joining the club, and ask for a
dialog: tour...
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: Inconspicuously. That’s pretty
dialog: sneaky, Danny. I.like it. -
text: They march up under the awning, pull open the heavy oak doors,
dialog: and enter the club. .
speaker_heading: S32
dialog: “6
dialog: 
text: Solid gold wall scon
text: where a surly young CL.
dialog: 
text: s illuminate the marble front desk,
text: RK with a moustache awaits them.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Can I help you?
text: Arno walks forward.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: We want to join your club. I need to
dialog: get in shape.
speaker_heading: . CLERK
dialog: How nice for you. I’m afraid that’s
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Perhaps you are unaware of our two
dialog: year waiting list for membership?
dialog: That is if you make the list at all.
dialog: and the little fellow there is not
dialog: old enough to join in any case.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You are never too young to get in
dialog: shape. Give us a tour, now.
text: Danny cringes,
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Look, Sir, we’re running a health
dialog: club here, not a muscle farn.
text: Making a last ditch effort to negotiate, Arno takes out his
dialog: badge. .
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’m a cop, give me a tour, or I/1l
dialog: have you brought in.
text: The smarmy mustachiced Desk Clerk is unimpressed,
speaker_heading: . CLERK
dialog: T’ll have to see your warrant first.
text: xno is getting frustrated, he starts to squint...
dialog: 53
dialog: wie
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Wait, Arno...
text: Arno reaches cver the desk. picks up the yellow bellied Desk
text: Clerk by his tie and head butts him into a coma.
text: They walk past the desk and into a door marked ‘Locker Room’.
dialog: ar T:
scene_heading: THE WORKOUT ROOM -
text: A high-tech ego-maniac’s playground, filled with hard-bodied
text: Californians in tight spandex body gloves. On one end of the
text: room, six gargantuan MUSCLE HEADS are doing curls in a circle.
text: Into the weight room come Danny and Arno. Arno is bulging out
text: of his tight T-Shirt and shorts, while Danny seems lost in the
text: folds of his.
text: Under his towel, Arno is carrying his Taser Sticks like a bus
text: boy. He walks up to the Universal Machine, drops a pin in
text: the bottom hole, and begins benching a few tons of iron.
text: The MUSCLE HEADS look on, ticked off by Arno’s hot-shotting
text: in their gym.
text: ON THE OTHER END OF THE ROOM --
text: The DESK CLERK from the front hall rushes in, clutching his
text: sore head. He skips over to the angry MUSCLE HEADS, and
text: begins pointing to Arno. They get up from their bench and
text: strut over to the Universal.
text: Arno continues to pump away, concentrating on his routine.
text: Then, as Arno pushes the bar upward, one of the goons pulls
text: his pin out. Without the resistance to hold him back, Arno
text: slams upward ripping the benching bar out of its socket.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Is there a problem?
text: The MUSCLE HEADS gang around him swinging big free-weights in
dialog: their hands.
speaker_heading: MUSCLEHEAD #1
dialog: This club is for members only. We
dialog: have a problem with free-loaders.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’m here on a trial membership.
dialog: 54
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MUSCLEHEAD #1
dialog: Because the equipment isn’t much good
text: to a dead man.
text: Two of the thugs jump Arno, and he deflects their attack with
text: the benching bar, sending them to the ground.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Good work-cut. Who’s next?
speaker_heading: DANNY --
text: has been checking this out, and satisfied that Arno is more
text: than holding his own, decides to do a little investigating.
text: He sneaks up a spiral lucite staircase to the second floor.
speaker_heading: SECOND FLOOR =
text: The health club’s administrative offices. Danny creeps down
text: the hall and comes to a door marked "Employees oOniy".
text: Quietly, he cracks it open and sees inside...
scene_heading: A MEETING ROOM -
text: A map of the world is spread out over the far wall. A MAN
text: with a walking cane is talking, his back to DANNY.
text: On the glass table in front of him is a “compretrenstve lay-out
text: of DEADLY WEAPONRY.
dialog: ar
scene_heading: _INT, THE WORKOUT ROOM -
text: Meanwhile, one of the MUSCLE HEADS is lecking horns with Arno
text: in front of the Nautilus.
text: Arno gets some leverage on him, and dunks him down into the
text: butterfly press, boxing his ears with the press arms.
text: No sooner has he dispensed with him, when another Steak~-Head
text: is climbing on his back. Arne takes him in a half-nelson, and
text: shoves the guy’s face into the spokes of a whizzing life
text: cycle. SPLOOSH!
dialog: 55
dialog: (@
dialog: 
text: Turning away from the squash court, satisfied that the guy he
text: just tossed is sufficiently dead, he turns back to face the
dialog: empty room when...
speaker_heading: WHAM!
text: Two fists punch him at cence, knocking him on his ass.
text: It’s the TWINS, dressed in their poncey frog workout clothes.
text: They stand over him, smiling. One of them, GULES, has a
text: bandaged hand.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You’re a'dead man, Slater.
dialog: ar
scene_heading: THE MEETING ROOM UPSTAIRS -
text: Danny’s looking in through the crack in the door, A big arms
text: deal is obviously coming down.
text: Then, the MAN with the cane turns around and Danny gets a
text: glimpse of his frightening face.
text: It’s covered in bandages.
dialog: ar Be
scene_heading: THE WORKOUT ROOM -
text: Arno and the Twins .are engaged in a furious hand to hand
dialog: struggle. While he might have no problem with either one of
text: them individually, together they are a menace. One Twin DUCKS
text: as the other PUNCHES, catching Arno offguard and sending him
text: backwards on to-the STAIRMASTER.
text: The fight vacillates back and forth until the Twins have Arno
text: cornered against the Universal Machine.
text: Jim takes a swing at Arno, and in one smooth motion, Arno
text: lifts the bench press bar, grabs Jim’s fist, and slips it
text: under the weights. He then lets go of the bar, crushing Jim’s
text: hand and leaving him stuck to the Universal, screaming.
text: Enraged, Jules flies at Arne, but the big man head butts him,
text: and hurls him towards his brother. The pissed Twins clutch
text: en to Universal machine, trying to bring themselves to their
dialog: e
dialog: 56
dialog: &
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Les couteaus!
text: pull out mini-knives from the sides of their
dialog: 
text: Arno, standing on the other side of the UNIVERSAL, pulls out
text: his own surprise...the electric TASER STICKS.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Now, I’m going te make French Fries.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: . We're Belgian, you idiot.
text: Arno lays the Taser sticks against the metal bars of the
text: weight-lifting machine, arid’ grips the handles. A surge of
text: electricity zaps through the machine, and thén through the
text: Twins, jolting them into unconsciousness.
text: Arno is busily tying up the unconscious Lumiere brothers with
text: weight-lifting cords when DANNY comes running over.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno...There’s some sort of huge arns
text: deal going down in the back roon.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Good work, Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And I think whoever was behind
text: Frank’s death is upstairs running the
dialog: show, .
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’1l destroy him.
text: But, at that moment, a figure appears at the top of the
text: stairs. It’s the bandaged-faced MAN with the walking cane.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You’ll do nothing of the kind, Mr.
dialog: Slater.
text: Arno spins around and beholds his old Nemesis, MR.ID.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: It’s you!
dialog: 57
dialog: 
dialog: es
dialog: Mr.id, the biggest scum-bag on the
dialog: West Coast.
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: We really have to stop running into
dialog: each other like this, Slater.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Then let’s end it. Now.
text: Arno heads for the stairs.
dialog: - MR.ID
dialog: ifm afraid your cro-magnon tough-talk
text: is growing rather tedious. Luckily
dialog: for me, I don’t have to hear much
dialog: more of it.
text: And then, as if on cue, ten police officers storm into the
text: room, led by Killgallen and McMurphy.
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: j : Ah, right on time. Gentlemen, this
dialog: € man is trespassing on private
dialog: property. My property.
text: But Arno keeps steaming up the stairs, until Killgallon
text: catches up to him.
speaker_heading: KILLGALLON
dialog: That‘’s enough, Slater. Time to go.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You don’t understand. That’s Mr. Id,
dialog: arrest him!
speaker_heading: MOCMURPHY
dialog: We can’t do that, there are no
dialog: charges.
text: Arno moves towards the staircase again. Killgallon grabs hin.
speaker_heading: KILLGALLON
dialog: You’re in a enough shit already,
dialog: Slater. Quit while you can still beg
dialog: for your job back.
speaker_heading: McMURPHY
dialog: io 58
dialog: “@
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: That won’t be necessary. dust get
dialog: the Piltdown Man and his little puppy
dialog: out of my sight.
scene_heading: : KILLGALLON .
dialog: Fun’s over, Slater. Let’s go,
text: MR.ID “begins to laugh fiendishly from the balcony.
text: points a long finger up at him.
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: - Den’t go away, Id...
dialog: + , MR.ID
dialog: (interrupting) :
dialog: 5 I know, Slater...(beat) You’ll be
dialog: back. ’
speaker_heading: : ARNO
dialog: That’s right.
dialog: % . MR.ID
dialog: & Iocan/t wait. We’ll do lunch.
text: He and Danny head out with the cops.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. PRECINCT PARKING LOT -~ DAY
dialog: Arno
dialog: ore
text: Arno and Danny get out of the car, Arno slamming his door.
dialog: Hard. .
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look, Arno. You'd better cool off,
dialog: I’m warning you...
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: You don’t understand. Mr. Id is the
dialog: most notorious drug dealer on the
dialog: West Coast, I’ve been trying to bust
dialog: him for years...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Really? So maybe this is some sort
dialog: of far reaching CIA conspiracy, three
dialog: decades of, I don’t know, rogue spies
text: © or something plotting an overthrow.
dialog: or 59
speaker_heading: X
dialog: “6
text: Danny and Arno step in their tracks.
text: Decker is standing at the end of the precinct,
text: front of his office.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Wrong. (beat) I gave those to him,
dialog: Danny. When I was a rookie. I used
dialog: to be out of control, headstrong. I
text: threw him into a vat of boiling
dialog: acid...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ouch...
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: Since then, he’s been selling twice
dialog: as many drugs, making twice as much
dialog: money. I’ve stopped *hundreds.of his
dialog: men, but I’ve never gotten Id
dialog: himself. We’ve never been able to
dialog: find his hideout. (beat) I owe him
dialog: big, Danny. And I always pay my
dialog: debts.
text: He blasts tHrough the Precinct doors.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT -
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: - $0, look, just take it éasy with
dialog: Decker... - .
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Forget Decker, Danny. He Knows how
dialog: much Id means to me. Besides, he
dialog: owes me....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: From Nam. I remember.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: SLATER!!
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: SLATER, get your stinky Petes in this
dialog: effice! PRONTO!
dialog: 60
dialog: The whole precinct falls
dialog: in
dialog: a
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANNY ,
dialog: You'd better give me the
dialog: Hey, Arno?
dialog: laser gun.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Ne, Danny....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I’m not gomna do anything with it.
dialog: But you’1ll thank me later, just trust
dialog: me,
text: Arno reluctantly unstraps his Beretta and-hands it over. .
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Pll oo put it’. right
dialog: safekeeping, . .
text: He drops it in his bookbag. ‘Arné reluctantly trudges forward
text: towards Decker’s office.
text: as Arno walks away, Danny gldnces back over’.to
text: TEE SERGEANT’S DESK .
dialog: 4 ~
dialog: here,
dialog: af
dialog: .
dialog: we
text: A ROW OF RECRUITS, fresh up-from Police Acadeny,
dialog: assignments. :
scene_heading: . - SERGEANT |.
dialog: . Linceln?- ’
dialog: 
text: A black Detective steps forward.
dialog: Jones?. cos
speaker_heading: SERGEANT <<"
text: Another recruit steps forward. He's black also.
text: Lincoln and Jones stand there, looking at:
dialog: awkwardly.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: >
dialog: a
dialog: “for
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: -await their
dialog: each other
text: Uh, Sarge? (The Sarge ‘looks up at
dialog: them) We/re both...
text: The Sergeant scans down his list.
speaker_heading: * SARGE
dialog: 
dialog: ee
dialog: Oh, I’m serry. That‘’s Johansen, not
dialog: 61
dialog: ‘6
dialog: 
text: A surly locking white guy with a Tong messy pony tail and a
text: cigarette dangling from his lips steps out of the line.
text: Linccin smiles, gives the Sarge a thumbs up and heads off with
dialog: his new partner.
scene_heading: INT. DECKER‘S OFFICE --
text: There is a huge pile of guns on Decker’s desk.
speaker_heading: DECKER °
dialog: All of em. Including the one taped
dialog: to your back.
text: Arno reluctantly lifts up his shirt. Sure enough, there’s a
text: gun stuck there with electrical tape. He tears it off and
text: puts it down.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: And the badge. (beat) Let’s go,
dialog: Slater.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: But I didn’t do anything, Decker...
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Thirty thou in property damage, ten
dialog: hospitalizations... I’ve got the
dialog: Malibu chamber of Commerce doing
dialog: cartwheels in my cocoa factory, and ~
dialog: you're saying you didn’t do anything?
dialog: Hand me your badge, Slater. You’re
dialog: suspended.
text: ‘Arno reluctantly turns his badge over to the Captain.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Now move your funky mangos outta here
dialog: before I have you arrested for
dialog: trespassing!!
text: Arno turns and opens the door. Before he leaves, however, he
text: turns back around again.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Hey Decker...
text: Decker looks up from his work.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’ll be back.
dialog: 62
dialog: eo
text: He slams the door.
scene_heading: IN THE HALLWAY --
text: Danny is still watching partner assignments.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Alright, Dotson?
text: A grizzled white Detective steps forward. _
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Teacatotl?
text: A Native South American officer wearing full Aztec head dress
text: steps out from the line up. |
speaker_heading: TEACATOTL
dialog: Reporting for duty, sir!
text: Arno comes storming by. He grabs Danny and starts dragging
dialog: him out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Didn’t go too well, huh?
text: They storm out through the front door.
speaker_heading: ar E
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS -.DAY
text: Arno’s car winds slowly up the twisting hill roads. Arno is
text: gioomy and peeved over his suspension, as Danny sits beside
text: him holding the Beretta.
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Arno, aren’‘t you over-reacting a
dialog: little here?
speaker_heading: 3 ARNO
dialog: When I think of all the times, I
dialog: saved Decker’s ass in the Nam...
text: The car passes a turn-out for a SCENIC OVERLOOK of the city.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look, why don’t we pull over a
dialog: minute? You gotta relax,
text: Arno slows down and pulis to the side ef the road. They get
dialog: 63
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3
text: ightly beneath them.
text: It’s a moment of quiet reflection for Arno who is still
text: sulking.
dialog: Arno is silent
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno, you destroyed an entire gyn,
dialog: what did you think Decker would say?
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: I’m a cop, Danny. That’s artl I know
dialog: how to do. A cop without his badge,
dialog: it’s like...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Like something that’s never stopped
dialog: you before? Io mean, when was the
dialog: last time they gave you the hoot?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: vs DANNY
dialog: The last time Decker suspended you?
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: ah...last month.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And before that?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Well...this February, I...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno, don’t you see how absurd this
dialog: is? You get suspended every month,
dialog: and you get just as pissed every
dialog: time.
text: as he thinks about this.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It’s all so ridiculous, they never
dialog: let you do it your way, and you just
dialog: keep trying...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 64
dialog: “e
dialog: Now, you really want to get Id
dialog: back xy Frank, you gotta stop
dialog: busting heads and start using yours
dialog: instead... .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (humbled)
dialog: Maybe, you’re right.
text: Arno seems enraptured by the beautiful scenery.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: God, it’s incredible up here, isn’t
dialog: ‘it? Look at those lovely clouds.
text: They lock like giant cotton balls.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That‘’s real poetic, Arno. And that’s
text: smog by the way.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Smog! It’s beautiful! I should come
dialog: up here more often.
speaker_heading: DANNY .
dialog: Actually, this suspension could be a
dialog: perfect opportunity for you...Take
dialog: some time off. Enjoy the world a
dialog: little.
text: Arno turns to face Danny.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You know, Danny, you’re pretty smart
dialog: for a kid your age. What’s it like
dialog: where you’re from?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It sucks. You’d hate it.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Because, shitty things happen all the
dialog: time, and nobody does anything about
dialog: it. There’s no justice there, Arno,
dialog: no payback, life sucks, ‘and that’s
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You seen like you’ve done alright.
dialog: 65
dialog: 6
dialog: oe
text: Danny sees something hovering on the horizon.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey, what’s that?
speaker_heading: ARNO
text: Copter. (it gets closer} Looks like
dialog: the ones we use on the force.
speaker_heading: DANNY .
dialog: What’s it doing out here?~
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I don’t know.
text: The Helicopter is closing ground fast.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Look! The front, you see the rounded
dialog: nose? That gives it a lot of upward
dialog: lift.
text: The Helicopter swoops down near the edge of the cliff, careens
text: left, straightens, and comes right for then.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ah, Arno...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Yeah...
text: The copter opens fire directly at their feet.
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Hit the dirt!
text: The Helicopter flies by overhead and Arno gets a good look at
dialog: it. :
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: See the markings? That’s DEFINITELY
text: a police copter.
speaker_heading: ~ _ DANNY
dialog: Well who the hell’s in the thing?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I don’t knew, but they’re going to
dialog: wish they never learned to fly.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 66
dialog: ‘é
dialog: e
dialog: What are you going te do, beat it up?
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: come on. I’ve got a surprise for
dialog: them.
text: - They run over to Arno’s car as the Copter takes its turn and
text: heads back towards them.
scene_heading: THE HELICOPTER - “7
text: In the cockpit, in an orange pilot’s jumper is JIM LUMIERE,
text: guiding the copter wheel with his unbandaged hand.
text: Leaning out of the side deor, alse in orance, is JULES aiming
text: his long range assault rifle, his, trigger hand bandaged.
text: BACK ON THE GROUND ~ a
text: Arno pops open the trunk and takes out a big cardboard box.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I bought myself a little present the
dialog: other day.
text: Arno rips open the packaging and pulls out an assembly
dialog: required Stinger Missile kit.
speaker_heading: _. DANNY
dialog: Ballsy! ,
text: The copter’s speeding towards them. Jules is training his gun
text: sight on Arno’s head. Danny can just make them out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno, it’s the Twins!
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Good, we'll kill two birds with one
dialog: stone.
text: But Arno’s busy puzzling out the instruction manual. Slowly,
text: he sticks the parts into place. It’s starting to look like
text: a weapon, but it’s upside down. Just as the Copter passes
dialog: ever, Arno gets the STINGER-RIG to stand up...Iit’s a race
text: against time...Jules opens fire.
text: Arno clamps on the missile, tilts the launching track, aims...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: 7 67
dialog: ee
dialog: See you in Hel
dialog: 
dialog: icopter!
dialog: and click...nothing haspens.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Fire already! What are you doing?
text: The copter fire erupts all around them, narrowly missing.
speaker_heading: ARNG
dialog: I don’t know, it’s jammed or
dialog: something. a
text: The copter has turned again and is buzzing at high speed 10
text: feet above the ground right in their path.
text: arno continues to dicker with the launcher.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: It’s these Russian instructions, and
dialog: then they never give you all the
dialog: parts...
text: The copter is making it’s final assault turn, the Twins wink
text: to each cther, and open fire, strafing the ground at Arno and
text: Danny’s feet.
speaker_heading: DANNY .
dialog: Arno, try it again, Now! . .
text: Arno aims, pulls the trigger, and...click. Another did.
speaker_heading: ARNO :
dialog: I think we’re missing a spring.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, great...
text: In a second, the copter will be directly overhead.
text: Arno takes a long hard look at his new Russian Launcher.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What a rip off.
text: Then his mighty hand grips the pivot rod, rips the missile~
text: head off the stand, takes it back in his arm, and as the
text: copter passes overhead he hurls it javelin style right into
text: the tail-blade, blowing it clean off.
text: The Twins give a lock back towards the tail of the Chopper.
dialog: Uh oh, nething there, It’s crash landing tine.
dialog: 68
dialog: 
dialog: eu
text: ty ana Arno leek on as the Copter goes bump ng and rocking
dialog: » towards the big houses on the Hollywood Hi
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: aw
dialog: Oo te
scene_heading: THE HELICOPTER -
text: It cuts off the top branch of a tree, careens left, then nose
text: dives into a beautiful blue swimming pool.
text: The copter slowly sinks to the bottom as the Twins surface and
dialog: swim to the side of the pool. -
text: BACK ON THE CLIFF ~
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Mr.Id sent those guys, Arno. He
dialog: wants you dead.
speaker_heading: ARNO”
dialog: Let him come! He can send a thousand
dialog: men, I will kill them all!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Jesus Christ. Arno, that’s just the
dialog: attitude that got you into all this
dialog: trouble in the first place. This
dialog: time, we've got to get out ahead of
dialog: the game...Anticipate them.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (trying)
dialog: I know, we’ll go back to the Stripper
dialog: bar, find Id’s hideout once and for
dialog: all...
speaker_heading: * DANNY *
dialog: No, no, definitely not. (Beat) Look,
dialog: Arno, what’s the one thing that can
dialog: stop you from killing Id?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (trying hard)
dialog: Nothing?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, think about it. If he had
dialog: something that meant a lot to you,
dialog: and held it hostage...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Jessica...
dialog: 69
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Exactly. If we go after them, they
dialog: Kidnap Jessica, use her as blackmail
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Yes, they’ve done that before. rT
dialog: forgot.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So what do we do? We save Jessica
text: before they kidnap her, taking away
dialog: their trump card, so you can kill
text: with impunity.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What’s impunity?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It means you can shoot whoever you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: * ARNO
dialog: Impunity, I like that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: « (smiling)
dialog: Then let’s go.
text: They jump into the car and tear out.
dialog: ar Be
scene_heading: INT. BEVERLY CENTER MALL - DAY
text: Arno and Danny come screeching up the circular PARKING ramp
text: and into the gargantuan LOT.
text: CARS all over the place; parked, circling, coming and going,
dialog: but no spaces.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (furious)
dialog: I can never find a goddamn spot here!
text: JUST -THEN, down the row, a space opens up. Danny makes a turn
text: right for it, but a YUPPIE in a littie red sports car shoots
text: in just in front of him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What an asshole.
dialog: ° 70
dialog: ‘é
speaker_heading: ARNC
dialog: Wait here.
text: Arno gets out and walks over to the sports car.
text: The YUPPIE, in the driver’s seat, sees Arno coming up in his
text: side view mirror, and turns a whiter shade of pale.
scene_heading: DRIVER'S P.0.V. --
text: Arno’s massive torso leaning into his window...Arno grinning
dialog: wide. .
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You just made a Big Mistake.
text: The YUPPIE swallows his tongue, screeches into reverse and
dialog: hauls out of there. -
text: Danny smiles and pulls into the space.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL ATRIUM +-
text: Arno and Danny quickly weave their way through the onrush of
dialog: shoppers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Okay, where does your wife work?
speaker_heading: ARNO
text: Top floor, the jewelry store. Come
dialog: on, we'll take the escalator.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, the elevator, it’s much faster.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR --
text: Rushing upward, Danny and Arno peer cut the glass elevator
text: walls into the swarming mall.
text: Arno spots THEM first. A unified battalion of Hard~Ass MERCS,
text: led by Jules and Jim, files into the atrium below.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Look, Danny! You were right.
dialog: 7i
dialog: ee
dialog: give out thei
dialog: fan out
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Shit, we gotta move.
scene_heading: INT. TOP FLOOR --
text: The elevator reaches the top, Arno bolts out.
text: Danny hesitates a second, then presses every button in the
text: elevator, looks three floors down at the MERCS, and grins.
text: Arno’s up ahead waving him on, Running past the DOWN
text: ESCALATOR, Danny plows into a kid in a baby stroller.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Danny, come on.
text: He rights the stroller, then it hits him: it’s THE MOTHER AND
text: CHILD from the TRAILER. Quickly, he snaps on the child-
text: restraint belt, and turns to the mother.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Lady, you really gotta start watching
dialog: out for your kid.
text: The concerned mother bends over and hugs her child, as Danny
text: and Arno take off down the hallway.
dialog: ar
scene_heading: INT. DAVIDSON JEWELERS --
dialog: Arno’s wife, JESSICA, -
text: She’s listening to her Walkman, reading
scene_heading: “COP WIFE: THE MAGAZINE FOR THE WOMEN, BEHIND THE MEN, BEHIND
dialog: THE BADGES..." ,
text: The Cover Story depicts a Cop Wife, still dressed in her house
text: apron, but now armed to the teeth with a necklace of deadly
dialog: weapons.
text: “MY HUSBAND GOT SUSPENDED, NOW I WEAR THE BADGE!
dialog: *~ A cop’s wife’s story."
text: ARNO and DANNY barge into the store, panting heavily.
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: Jessica! Come on, we’ve got ta go!
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: . JESSICA +
dialog: Arno...Honey, you're all fiushed,
dialog: what’s the matter?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: The guys who killed Frank are in the
dialog: building; they’re coming after you
dialog: now, and --
speaker_heading: DANNY .
dialog: Can we explain this Later?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: And you want to set up a surprise
dialog: ambush and kill them? Good thinking,
dialog: we can tip over the display tables
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: No, we’ve got to get out of here,
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: But, then you’ll miss them...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, that’s the point.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Danny’s got it all figured out.
speaker_heading: » JESSICA
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: I can’t believe my ears. Since when
dialog: did Arno Slater start running away
dialog: from criminals?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Jessica, it‘s not like that.
dialog: We're... (he looks at Danny for
dialog: approval)... anticipating them
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I don’t know, this is very unusual...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Trust me, here are the car keys.
dialog: We're parked on...on...Dammnit, I can
dialog: never--
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 73
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PC
text: Floor two, near the elevators. They
dialog: haven’t seen you yet...Go down to
dialog: two, get the car, and meet us at the
dialog: ramp in fromt in five minutes...Can
dialog: you do that?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Alright, if that’s the way you want
dialog: it, Arno.
text: Jessica kisses Arno and‘heads out of the store.
dialog: Or Te
scene_heading: INT. MALL HALLWAY <--
text: Danny and Arno are back in the Mall Traffic when they spot the
text: THREE MERCS from the opening trailer converging at the
text: Elevator Banks below.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Quick, the elevators!
text: The Three Mercs look deadly and determined, waiting calmly for
text: the lift. They check their watches, and load up their guns.
text: Then, DING, it arrives, the doors swoosh open, and look who’s
text: there, it’s Arno pointing his Beretta right ‘in their faces.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Fourth floor...Guns and Ammo!
text: Then, Boom, boom, boom they drop in formation.
speaker_heading: OY B
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL ATRIUM -~
text: Arno and Danny book through the mall towards the elevators,
text: but stop short when they see JULES and JIM leading a troop of
text: MERCS out of Bullocks.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Dammnit! There must be a back door.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (realizing it)
dialog: The lingerie store!
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: ARNG
dialog: € f Not now, Danny!
text: The gang has spotted them from the other side of the mall.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Come on!
text: ARNO and DANNY tear by the huge NEWS KIOSK, when Danny
dialog: suddenly remembers...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, shit! I ate the gum!
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno, trust me, we need some gum.
scene_heading: i NEWS KIOSK +-
text: Danny and Arno run up, grab a pack of gum off the shelf and
text: hand it to the COUNTER GUY.
speaker_heading: COUNTER GUY
dialog: , That's fifty cents.
dialog: (
text: Arno and Danny search their pockets...NOTHING.
speaker_heading: COUNTER GUY
dialog: No money, no gum.
text: Arno shrugs. Danny grabs Arne’s gun and points it at the guy.
speaker_heading: DANNY :
dialog: Big Mistake.
text: ‘The Counter Guy is just able to hand over the gum .before
text: fainting.
text: _ The GUNMEN are closing in fast.
text: Arno follows Danny’s lead, sprinting down the hallway.
dialog: ar
scene_heading: INT. VICTORIA‘S SECRET -~
dialog: It’s the Lingerie store from the trailer; Beautiful Women
text: flowing to and fro in silky apparel.
dialog: eo 1s
dialog: ‘6
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ar Dd:
scene_heading: EXT. BEVERLY CENTER PARKING RAMP ~-
speaker_heading: IN ARNO’S CAR ~
text: Jessica waits impatiently in the driver’s seat, tapping her
text: fingers on the wheel, when...
text: SUDDENLY -- The air is pierced by the cacophonous fury of one
text: thousand horns and car alarms blasting out at once.
text: Jessica covers her ears in agony as Arno and Danny come
text: running down the ramp like bats out of hell, pulling the gum
dialog: out of their ears. 7
text: They jump into the car, Jessica steps on it, and they peel
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: ar TE
scene_heading: INT. CAR -~ DAY
text: Jessica is driving, as Arno turns and talks excitedly to Danny
text: in the back seat.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You were right, Danny. It worked!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I know, just lemme think for a
dialog: second.
text: Danny is staring intently out the window, as they drive
text: through Santa Monica along the beach.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What do we do now? What’s next?
text: Suddenly, Danny spots something.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Jessica, pull over!
text: Jessica quickly swerves to the side of the road.
speaker_heading: ar E
dialog: 76
dialog: 
scene_heading: SANTA MONICA BEACHFRONT -- DAY
dialog: 
text: yno, Danny and Jessica are walking quickly down the sidewalk
text: in beachfront Santa Monica. Danny is staring intently at
text: something up ahead.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Arno, I/m tired of this, I want to go
dialog: home. .
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: Alright, honey, we’ll see if...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: . We can’t go home, Jessica. That’s
dialog: the first place they’d look, there’s
dialog: probably guys waiting for us right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: : JESSICA
dialog: Well I’ve got work to do, and I’m not
text: in the mood for cops and robbers.
dialog: Where are we going?
text: Danny points straight ahead.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: There...
text: They lock up to see, in the distance...
scene_heading: “EXT. THE SANTA MONICA PIER ~- .
text: ARNO, JESSICA and DANNY stride across a walkway towards the
text: SANTA MONICA PIER, a somewhat run down amusement center right
text: on’ the water.
text: The Pier is a swirling mixture of bad seafood restaurants,
text: cheap ice cream shops and cheesy carnival games that are
dialog: impossible to win.
text: Arno is fascinated by the good-natured activity on the Pier.
text: He’s never been to an amusement park before. Jessica is not
dialog: as pleased.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I don’t get it, why are we at an
dialog: amusement park?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: She’s right, Danny. I never come
dialog: 77
dialog: &
text: Arno takes off
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That’s the point. They’d never think
dialog: to look for you here, that’s why we
dialog: cane.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: That’s true, but...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look. The villains will eventually
dialog: catch up with us, they always do.
dialog: But instead of going to them, we let
dialog: them find us. In the meantime, we
dialog: phone the police, call in for back
dialog: Up. es
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: But I never call for backup.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I know, that’s your problem. You
dialog: wanna go take these guys on
dialog: singlehandedly. Well instead, we get
dialog: about 200 cops down here, the
dialog: villains show up looking for us, they
dialog: get wasted. (Danny smiles) We hang
dialog: out an@ play air hockey.
speaker_heading: ARNO ?
dialog: It’s brilliant. That’s a great plan,
dialog: Danny. 1/11 call Decker. ,
text: down the boardwalk.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: If it’s so simple, how come I’ve
dialog: gotten kidnapped so many times? How
dialog: come I’m always in danger, if all you
dialog: need to do is call the police?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look, Jessica, you’re not gonna get
dialog: kidnapped again. So just relax and
dialog: enjoy yourself.
scene_heading: INT. ARCADE TENT ~~
dialog: ark
text: The tent is filled with games of all sorts; video, pinball,
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: eC
dialog: -ball, aiz hecxey ~~ a kid’s fantasy.
dialog: wu
dialog: 
text: Danny and Jessica walk through a gauntlet of video games.
text: Jessica doesn’t seem to like any of them. She points toward
text: the larger, carnival games.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Oh, look, Skee Ball.
speaker_heading: SKEE BALL --
text: Danny and Jessica pitch the hard, wooden bails up the ramp
text: toward the holes.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (missing)
dialog: Damnit...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This is really lame. You gotta try
dialog: Double Dragon, now that’s a good
dialog: game...
text: Danny tosses a skee ball, just as Arno walks over to them.
text: He’s carrying a Soft-Serv ice cream cone.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Alright, I spoke to Decker. They’re
dialog: sending 30 cars, they should be here
dialog: in ten minutes.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: ‘(frustrated)
dialog: Well then I’m gonna go look around.
dialog: You boys have fun...
text: Jessica leaves.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What’s eating her?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (more concerned with his ice cream)
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey, Listen, let’s go check out the
dialog: air hockey...
dialog: ar Ee
scene_heading: AIR HOCKEY -~-
dialog: 73
dialog: ec
speaker_heading: AD
dialog: ct
text: NY bat the fleating puck back and forth. Arno’s
text: a ime of his life, going at the game like it’s the
text: vl, balancing the ice cream cone in one hand.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: {licking his ice cream cone)
dialog: You know, Danny, this stuff is great!
dialog: It’s all cold and creamy...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You’ve never had ice cream before?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’ve never played air hockey either!
text: He smashes home a goal.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I don’t usually have time for this...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Iocan imagine...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’m too busy out busting criminals
dialog: and exacting vengeance...(he blocks
dialog: a shot)... but this is great!
text: Danny scores on Arno, ending the game. _
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You lose again, Slater.
text: Arno laughs and puts down his paddle.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: I wish Jessie and I did stuff like
dialog: this more often. It seems like the
dialog: only time I ever see her is when
dialog: we’re making a getaway, or when she’s
dialog: taping up one of my wounds...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, well you’re a busy guy, Arno. 3
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Maybe. (beat) Do you know why we've
dialog: never had children?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Bo
dialog: ‘é
dialog: No, TI just thought...
speaker_heading: ARNO :
dialog: »+-I wouldn’t let her. t said that
dialog: a child would just be one more person
dialog: to kidnap, one more obligation that
dialog: would stop me from fulfilling. my
dialog: duties. Well now I’m suspended, and
dialog: all these criminals are out to get
dialog: me...
text: Arno looks down at Danny, who’s listening to him raptly.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Come on Danny, let’s go outside...
dialog: ar
dialog: ON THE PIER <-~
text: Arno stops to buy another ice cream cone. The two of them
text: walk along the Pier soaking up the warm, California sun.
speaker_heading: ARNO.
dialog: You’re a smart kid. You must make
dialog: your parents very proud.
text: Danny has grown very quiet. He walks to the edge of the pier
text: and looks out over the water.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, I guess...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What’s wrong, Danny?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nothing. It’s just that this all
dialog: reminds me a lot of Coney Isiand, in-
dialog: New York...
speaker_heading: ARNO :
dialog: Sure, I busted some Jamaican drug
text: smugglers there.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, well this might be a different
dialog: Coney Island, the one where I’m from.
dialog: My Dad and I used to go out there,
dialog: ride the Cyclone, get a hot dog at
dialog: Nathan’s...
dialog: 8l
dialog: ‘é
speaker_heading: ARNG
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: And now you/re so far from home...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nah, it’s not that. (beat) My
dialog: father died, Arno. He‘s dead...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Did someone kill him?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, no he died of -cancer. They
dialog: didn’t know what it was fer a long
text: time. The doctor’s jerked him
dialog: around, the hospitals kept switching
dialog: the treatments. My mom was a wreck,
dialog: she just withdrew from it all...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’m sorry, Danny, it’s very hard to
dialog: lose someone who means so much to
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (heatedly)
dialog: Yeah, but the whole thing was so
dialog: lame, he just sat there dying and I
dialog: didn’t do shit to help him...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Well, Danny, there wasn’t much you
dialog: could do...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look at you, Arno! Someone kills
dialog: your cousin Frank, you go get payback
dialog: for it! You find the guys who killed
text: him and wipe them off the face of the
dialog: earth! That must make you feel
dialog: better, at least you’re doing
dialog: something...
text: Arno takes a long, hard look at Danny, listening to the anger
text: and bitterness in his voice. He wonders, perhaps for the
text: first time, just how much better vengeance makes him feel.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Danny...
text: Arno’s sentence is interrupted when his ice cream scoop
dialog: B2
dialog: 
text: spiattering all over nis face.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What the...
text: He locks down at the cone, and both he and Danny watch as it
text: too explodes in his hand.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look!
text: They look down to the end of the Pier and realize -~ someone
text: is shooting at them.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: The game room, now!
text: Under a hail of bullets, Arno and Danny run around behind the
dialog: tent for cover.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Jesus Christ, how they'd find us so
dialog: . quickly?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: And where are Decker’s men?
text: They hear footsteps, men shouting and coming closer.
text: Arno leads them around the tent and in throuch a flap. they
text: see five of Id’s men enter the tent, all brandishing guns.
text: THE ARCADE CROWD flies into a state of total panic, running
text: and diving under tables and games.
speaker_heading: THE GROUND --
text: ARNO and “DANNY are crawling along the floor. ARNO holds his
text: Beretta, Danny drags his bookbag.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I thought | you said the Pier would be
dialog: safe?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It should be, this doesn’t make any
dialog: sense.
text: Another cloud of bullets shatters a wall of Video Machines
text: above their heads.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 83
dialog: ~ eer coma
dialog: ~~
dialog: -e
dialog: (~~
dialog: At least th
dialog: 
text: ARNO hands his gun to DANNY.
speaker_heading: ARNO.
dialog: Danny, listen, when I count to three,
dialog: you stand up and start firing, okay?
text: DANNY looks ready, then something occurs to hin.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno... Just one question... (beat)
dialog: Aren’t we out of bullets?
text: Arno checks the chamber on his Beretta. Sure enough, it’s
dialog: empty. - :
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Remember? You ran out in the mall...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: That’s right. (he looks around)
dialog: Okay, don’t worry, I have a plan.
text: Arno crab-walks backwards along the floor, dedging bullets,
text: until he reaches the SKEE BALL booths.
text: Grabbing a rock hard SKEE BALL, he springs to his feet and
text: goes into a Nuclear pitching wind-up.
text: An unlucky Gunman tries to duck, but it’s too late, the Skee’
text: Ball has conked him into next week.
text: DANNY smiles and tosses Arno a handful of balis., ARNO goes
text: into a rotary launching fury, running across the room, wasting
text: every Gunman in his path.
text: BUT he’s out of balls, and there’s a gun pointing right in his
dialog: face...
text: ‘With lightening speed, Arno tumble rolls on to the air hockey
text: sets and scoops up a bundle of pucks. The Gunman just gets
text: his aim, when a bright PLASTIC PUCK zings into his forehead.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Let’s move, Danny...
text: BUT Danny’s nowhere in sight.
dialog: ar &
scene_heading: EXT. THE MIDDLE OF THE PIER --
dialog: 84
text: An angry gunman is backing Danny along the wooden pier with
text: ‘le stuck under his chin. He pushes Danny up against
text: gq and leans over him, sticking the gun in his face.
dialog: 3g
text: Meanwhile, The TWINS stand at the exit to the ARCADE TENT,
text: waiting for Arno to emerge.
speaker_heading: JULES .
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: Call your friend! Cali to heem!
text: Danny is petrified, he strains against his captor...
speaker_heading: . BAD GUY
dialog: - You heard the man, call’him, or you
dialog: die!
text: But Danny won’t do it, and the bad guy shoves him to the
text: ground. As he falls, he hears a clanking sound when his
text: bookbag hits the pier. THEN, he remembers.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Go ahead, keel hin. We’ll get the
dialog: big guy anyway...
text: the gunman cocks his pistol.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: So long, kid...
text: Danny reaches into his bookbag, then points up towards the
dialog: gunman...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Bye, asshole!
dialog: What> "explodes through the end of Danny’s bookbag would be best
text: described as firing a cruise missile through a pea-shooter.
text: The force is incredible, it tears the bookbag to shreds and
text: the gunman is literally blown to dust. No blood, no guts,
text: just a fine cloud of bad guy residue.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Holy shit...
text: Danny looks down at his hand in wonder. He’s holding the gun
text: The Projectionist gave him. It glows a bright metallic blue,
text: smoke pours from the barrel.
text: Two other BAD GUYS run towards Danny...
dialog: 85
dialog: ‘$
dialog: ee
dialog: and another incredible
speaker_heading: 3 BAD GUY #1 is blown
text: nbling backwards down the pier.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4
text: BAD GUY #2 runs up and grabs Danny’s hand. Danny looks down
text: at where he’s been grabbed.
text: His skin is somehow GLOWING. It’s like he’s in technicolor
text: and the rest of the world’s in sepia tone.
text: Danny closes his eyes as BAD GUY #2 rears back and PUNCHES him
text: in the face.
text: Danny opens his eyes. The guy is staring at him. His face
text: feels fine. He lunges forward, and the result astonishes
dialog: him...
text: BAD GUY #2 is sent hurtling end over end down the Pier, at
text: least 100 ft, racking up in a ring toss booth.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: . Jesus...
scene_heading: MEANWHILE -~
text: Arno is body slamming a group of attackers. In typical Arno
text: fashion, he’s holding his own even though there's at least ten
dialog: of then.
text: Suddenly, bodies start flying off him one by one, and Arno
text: sees DANNY, fighting really awkwardly, but kicking total ass
dialog: nonetheless.
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: Danny! What’s happened to you,
dialog: you’re glowing!
text: Danny tosses the last attacker into the arcade tent.
text: Arno watches in disbelief. The Bad Guy’s attack has been
text: completely repelled. Id’s men lie all over the pier,
text: unconscious.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: That was incredible, Danny.
text: Suddenly, footsteps. SEVEN MORE MEN are running down the pier
text: towards Arno and Danny.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: This looks like trouble, better get
dialog: behind me...
speaker_heading: B86
dialog: ‘é
dialog: ,
dialog: 
dialog: e
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, Arno. You get behind me.
text: Arno watches in amazement as Danny brandishes his porcelain
dialog: GUN.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: So long, suckers!
speaker_heading: KABOOM!
text: The force of the blast blows the bad guys out of their shoes,
text: shaking the pier to its foundations.
text: Arno and Danny look around. All the assailants have fled: in
text: fact, the entire pier is deserted, except for...
text: All the way at the other end, THE TWINS are dragging JESSICA
text: towards their Peugeot. Parked around them are three black
text: Lexus’s, filled with Mercs.
text: Jules shoves Jessica into the back seat and screeches away.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Jessie!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Let’s move!
text: They start running down the pier when suddenly, Arno stops.
speaker_heading: ARNO ys
dialog: Wait a second Danny, i was just
text: thinking. There’s four cars filled
dialog: with armed men, and only two of us.
dialog: Maybe we should wait for the back-up.
speaker_heading: : DANNY
dialog: What are you, kidding me? They’ve
dialog: got your wife, it’s personal now! We
dialog: gotta kick ass!
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES CITY STREETS -- DAY
text: Arno and Danny are engaged in a high speed, nail biting chase
text: through the streets of L.A. The VILLAINS have about a three
text: block lead on Arno’s brandless American tin box.
dialog: : 87
dialog: ‘6
text: a} y picks up his porcelain gun. He holds it up, and
dialog: inspects it fondiy.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Be careful, Danny...
speaker_heading: DANNY .
dialog: . Den‘t sweat it, Arno. It’s under
dialog: control... . :
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: There‘s something wrong with that
dialog: gun. It shouldn’t have that kind of
dialog: firepower...
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Jealous, Arno? Let me see your old
text: clunker.
text: Arno hands Danny his Beretta and catches sight of his skin.
text: He’s even brighter than before.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You don’t look so good.
text: Danny flips down the sun shade, and checks his face out in the
text: vanity mirror.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Jesus...1I don’t know...I feel
dialog: fantastic...Like I’m ten times as
dialog: strong...
text: The Villains are gaining distance up ahead. They turn off
text: down a bumpy stretch of road. .
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: We're losing them. Hang on.
text: ARNO spins the wheel, making sick turns, swerving through
text: gridlocked traffic and running lights.
text: After twenty seconds of veering, roaring hell, Danny clutches
text: his stomach. All this driving is starting to make him sick.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: God, this is awful, I think I’m gonna
dialog: heave...
speaker_heading: ARNG
dialog: Maybe we should have waited for the
dialog: as
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: &
speaker_heading: WW
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, Keep going. It’s too late now.
text: Danny hangs his head out the window, obviously very
text: uncomfortable. Then he spots something up ahead...
scene_heading: ON A SIDESTREET, DANNY‘’S P.O.V, ==
text: Two WORKMEN carry an enormous PANE OF GLASS down the block.
speaker_heading: ; DANNY
dialog: Stop the car!
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: What? How come...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Pull over, Arno! Now!
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Are you going to throw up?
text: Arno swerves violently over to the side of the road.
dialog: . ar
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY -- DAY
text: The two WORKMEN with the pane of glass are walking down an
text: alley now. ARNO and DANNY are following then.
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: Danny, if you’re not going to be
dialog: sick, I really think we should. get
text: back in the car...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Trust me, Arno. I think this is
dialog: gonna work.
text: The WORKMEN turn the corner on to a bright, noisy street up
text: ahead. Arno and Danny follow close behind. :
scene_heading: CHASE STREET -~
text: What they see when they turn the corner surprises them. A
text: large, wide street, literally buzzing with activity.
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: 8s
dialog: sw omer
dialog: ee
dialog: wWhat’s going on. Danny?
dialog: 0
text: As they walk down the biock, they pass the two workers with
text: the pane of glass. Then, they come to a SIDEWALK CAFE, filled
dialog: with afternoon eaters.
text: A HUCKSTER, pushing a FRUIT CART rumbles past them down the
dialog: street.
text: They keep walking, passing RACKS OF BEEF dangling over the
text: sidewalk on meat hocks.
text: On the other side, they pass FIRE HYDRANTS, GARBAGE CANS, a
text: STUDENT DRIVER CAR, and finally, at the end, a trucker
text: directing his friend, in an EIGHTEEN-WHEELER, back first into
dialog: traffic.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This is it.
text: As Danny and Arno stand at the end of the block, they look
text: back over the street. It is a domino line of every CAR CHASE
text: OBSTACLE you’ve ever seen, all packed together on one block.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno, if we wait here a few minutes,
dialog: I guarantee the villains will come
dialog: right to us...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: EXT. CHASE STREET - MINUTES LATER
text: Danny and Arno are standing next to the EIGHTEEN WHEELER at
text: the far end of the street. .
speaker_heading: . . . ARNO
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Any minute now...
text: THEN, sure enough, from the other end of the block, the
text: Villains’ Cars come barreling on to Chase Street.
text: The LEAD CAR races down the road, crashes through the PLATE
text: OF GLASS, topples the FRUIT CART, to the angry yells of the
text: HUCKSTER, and then plows into a FIRE HYDRANT.
text: The gushing water spray causes the second Villain Car to veer
text: off into the rows of HANGING BEEF, and the third to rack up
text: on the GARBAGE CANS.
dialog: 30
text: sre ail still plowing ahead to the panic stricken
text: horror of tne STUDENT DRIVER, whom they rear end into @ CHINA
dialog: The Villains have practically made it through Chase Street
text: when the mammoth EIGHTEEN WHEELER starts backing up inte the
text: road. The Villains are sizing up the situation. It looks
dialog: Like there’ll just be enough room to squeeze through. They'll
text: just cut around the back.
text: But there's DANNY, his gun pointed at the truck.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Back up faster!
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: (petrified)
dialog: But...Then they won‘t...
text: Danny puts the gun to the Driver’s head.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Faster!
text: The DRIVER steps on it, and the huge truck picks up speed and,
text: uh-oh, closes the little remaining gap.
text: The Peugeot veers off into the wall, as the three” Lexuses
text: rack up in a heap under the truck.
text: The fifteen indefatigable MERCS spring from their cars and
text: take up positions guarding JESSICA in the center.
scene_heading: DANNY AND ARNO --
text: are standing safely’on the other side of the truck.
speaker_heading: DANNY -
dialog: You go around the front, I‘ll take
text: the back. We blast them from both
text: ends, and meet in the middle.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Right.
text: They split up; and duck around both ends of the truck. The
text: MERCS spin around to face them.
text: Suddenly, Arno panics...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Wait...Danny! You’ve got my gun!
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: ee ee
text: But Danny, on the other side of the truck, is in a kill frenzy
text: and can’t hear him.
text: Th it’s too late. THE TWINS have seen Arno panicking, and
dialog: now they’ re coming right for hin.
text: DANNY is busy blowing away MERCS with two fists, firing Arno‘s
text: gun and his own, in an arabesque of Extreme Violence.
scene_heading: ON THE OTHER SIDE -~ : ue
text: Arno is struggling bare handedly with JULES | AND JIM. He‘’s
text: just barely holding his own, wrestling his armed attackers to
text: the ground. But the Twins are relentless.
text: At the same time, Danny manages to penetrate the MERC’S guard
text: circle. With one hand he valiantly springs JESSICA from the
text: car, and with the other he blasts three Mercs into oblivion.
text: ON THE OTHER END, Arno’s in bad shape. THE TWINS have him
text: cornered and they’re about to play their favorite trick.
text: dules runs around and kneels behind Arno’s legs as Jim pushes
text: Arno over backwards. He bangs his head down on the cement.
text: The world goes black. He’s knocked out.
speaker_heading: DANNY =~
text: Leads Jessica to safety and turns around just in time to see
text: The Twins pulling out in their PEUGEOT with ARNO captive in
dialog: back. -
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON -
text: Danny’s face, watching Arno go...
speaker_heading: ‘ DANNY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No...
text: Then, his features slowly tensing with rage. He screams.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: NO!
speaker_heading: cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARNO’S ARSENAL -
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON =
text: A biack boot. Hands yank the laces taut and knot them. Then
dialog: 92
dialog: aw ey ee eee
dialog: ec
text: aA tnudding as the boots clod heavily down on to the ficor.
text: It’s DANNY.
text: He’s glowing like a roman candle, literally plastered head to
text: foot with guns.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON -- HIS FACE --
text: Painted with Camouflage.
text: He is no longer the fresh-faced young boy of the beginning,
text: but a snarling, angry, Out-For-Justice-Commande, ready to do
text: serious damage with a variety of deadly weapons.
text: He charges upstairs.
scene_heading: THE LIVING ROOM ~
text: Jessica is lying on her back nursing a bruise with an ice-pack
text: when Danny bursts into the room.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (shocked by his appearance)
dialog: My God, what have you been doing down
dialog: there?!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Let’s move out.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You know, -you’re not suppesed to
dialog: touch that stuff...
speaker_heading: : DANNY
dialog: We’re going for Arno, right now.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Danny, he’s being held by 100 hundred
dialog: grown men. There‘s nothing you can
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, yes there is. Arno’s in big
dialog: trouble and I’m not going to turn my
dialog: back, and neither are you.
speaker_heading: JESSICA .
dialog: What do you need me for?
text: He tosses her the car keys. Jessica stares at them.
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: Tocan’t drive.
speaker_heading: ar BD:
scene_heading: INT. DECKER‘’S OFFICE, POLICE PRECINCT -- NIGHT
text: Decker sits behind his Desk at the precinct, anxiously
text: wringing his hands, and waiting for a phone call. He chomps
text: down on his cigar, and looks at his watch. Then the phone
dialog: rings.
speaker_heading: DECKER
text: Decker...(beat, his face lights up}
dialog: You’re joking. (beat) When are you
dialog: going to kill him?... What about a
dialog: little torturing or something
dialog: first?...Perfect, he should really
dialog: enjoy that...
text: _Decker hangs up the phone, pours himself a celebratory Chivas
text: Regal out of a hidden bottle in his desk, then heads out of
text: the office whistling, a new spring noticeable in his step.
scene_heading: PRECINCT PARKING LOT --
text: Decker, giddy and a little tipsy, is sauntering over to. his
text: lemon colored Oldsmobile, doing a little jig as he reaches for
text: his car Keys, and then all of sudden he freezes...Because the
text: cold steel of a Browning 9 mm is being thrust into the back
dialog: of his skull. .
dialog: ° . -
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Whoever you are, you‘re making a big
dialog: mistake...-
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ‘You made the big mistake, Decker.
text: Decker spins around to see DANNY, standing behind him. He’s
text: glowing brighter than ever.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Wha...What? I don’t know what you’re
dialog: talking about...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Forget it, Decker. I know you set us
dialog: up. You never sent the backup, you
dialog: 94
dialog: gust called Id’s men and told them
dialog: C 6 where we were...
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: . (nervously)
dialog: That’s ridiculous, who told you that?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You’re the old Vietnam Buddy, Decker.
dialog: The Old Vietnam Buddy always betrays
dialog: YOu... Le
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: I...I can explain...
speaker_heading: ' DANNY
dialog: Explain later, jerkoff. Right now,
dialog: ) you take me to Id’s hideout or you’re
dialog: ' gonna have a serious Excedrin
dialog: headache,
text: Danny pushes Decker over to Arno’s Car. Jessica is waiting
text: impatiently in the driver’s seat. She looks pretty annoyed
dialog: ’ by the whole thing.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: e& Hi Bob.
text: She frowns as Danny pushes Decker into the back seat.
speaker_heading: } DECKER -
dialog: ’ Jessie.:.How’s things?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Just carpooling the kiddies. I don’t
dialog: suppose you two could just go ahead
dialog: )
dialog: ) . and do this yourselves?
speaker_heading: } DECKER
dialog: } Sure...Whaddyasay, kid?
speaker_heading: | DANNY
dialog: Shut up, Decker.
speaker_heading: ’
text: bo Danny puts the gun up to Decker’s head and cocks it.
speaker_heading: ' DANNY
dialog: Take us to Id‘s hideout while you can
dialog: Still talk.
text: Decker stares at Danny nervously.
dialog: oe | oy
dialog: ‘6
dialog: e
dialog: 
dialog: You don’t understand, kid. Sla
dialog: and I have a long history, I had my
dialog: reasons for doing what I did...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: I don’t GIVE A SHIT!! Take us to
dialog: Arno, NOW!!
speaker_heading: DECKER a
dialog: Head for Hollywood, Jessica...
text: They pull cut.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED MOVIE STUDIO -- NIGHT
text: An enormous, run down Sound Stage now functions as the
text: Villains’ Main Warehouse.
text: Overhead, there is an iron CATWALK, once the Lighting Bridge,
text: that runs the perimeter of the room, connected in the middle
text: by a cross-bridge.
text: ID'S Sentinels are posted all over the place, pacing the
text: perimeter from above.
text: At one end of the room is ARNO, his arms tied together over
text: his head, secured to a long ceiling chain.
text: ‘Bound, and manacled, Arno is defenseless against the cruel
text: punishments being administered to him by JULES and JIM, expert
dialog: torture specialists.
speaker_heading: JULES .
dialog: Power is ready, Jim? .
speaker_heading: JIM .
dialog: Yes, Jules. I have channeled the
dialog: master power unit into this one ,
text: dangerously loose wire.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, then we must be most careful not
dialog: to touch it...Especially if we are
text: somehow wet at the time.
text: Jules then sticks Arno’s feet into a bucket of water.
dialog: 96
dialog: é
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Have you taken all you
dialog: precautions Mr. Slater?
dialog: n
dialog: o
dialog: My
dialog: o
dialog: aa
dialog: <
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You‘re a funny guy, Jules...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He’s Jules, you idiot!
speaker_heading: JULES :
dialog: Safety first Mr. Slater, watch the
text: loose wires.
text: dim then presses the end of the long cable up against Arno’s
text: bare chest. His massive frame begins to seethe and convulse,
text: but he grits back the pain, refusing to scredm out.
text: ENTERING THROUGH THE FRONT DOOR comes the infamous MR. ID, his
text: face wrapped in bandages, followed by a full compliment of his
dialog: hardiest Mercs.
text: Through the pain, Arno spots ID on the other end of the room,
text: and he chafes against his chains.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Id, I’m going to rip your bandaged
dialog: head right off that skinny neck!
speaker_heading: MR. ID
dialog: Ah, if it isn’t Arno Slater, the
dialog: walking muscle. I trust you’re
dialog: enjoying the accommodations...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’ll enjoy burning them down.
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: That wouldn’t be advisable. I went to
dialog: great lengths to cbtain this space,
dialog: Mr. Slater. The man who owned the
dialog: building made a rather comprehensive
dialog: deal with me. When he defaulted, I
dialog: ‘collected this studio, as well as
text: other valuables far more precious.
dialog: And, as I’m sure you know already,
dialog: mercy is not one of my strengths...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: is that why you killed Frank, Id? To
dialog: prove how ruthless and evil you are?
dialog: o7
dialog: &
dialog: e_
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: You Never get any smarter, doa you?
dialog: Your cousin Frank’s death was an
dialog: error. A foul up. A completely
dialog: unnecessary killing that I, above
dialog: all, regret.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: What?
dialog: MR.ID ;
dialog: It was you whom we intended to kill,
dialog: Slater. Frank was wearing your hat,
dialog: he came out of your gym, and you both
dialog: have that Cro Magnon Slouch...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (disbelieving) -
dialog: It was all a mistake?
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: I was just as upset as you were. I
dialog: despise incompetence. I can assure
dialog: you, however, that we will be far
dialog: more thorough when it comes to
dialog: killing you.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I/ll see you in Hell, Id!
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: That’s right, you will. (he laughs)
dialog: Jules, Jim, destroy this Mongoloid
dialog: half-wit before I do it myself.
text: They sizzle Arno with another rocking dose of electricity.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You French assholes!
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: We’re not French assholes...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We’re Belgian assholes!
text: Jules takes a smoldering hot iron out of his bag, and presses
text: it against Arno‘’s chest.
text: Arno bites back the pain silently as his skin sizzles.
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: 38
dialog: a.
dialog: iu’s okay to be upset, Slater, iet
dialog: your emetions out, cry if you feel
dialog: like it.
text: THEN, suddenly...
text: A THUNDEROUS EXPLOSION at the far end of the room.
text: AN ENORMOUS HOLE has been blown in the wall, sending bricks,
text: plaster and dust flying everywhere. There is silence for a
text: moment. A cloud of dust and smoke hangs.in the air.
scene_heading: THEN, A VOICE --
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I’m coming for you Id!
text: SFX - A low rumbling of steel wheels.
text: An old CAMERA DOLLY parts the smoke, rolling through the hole
text: and out into the room. .
text: on top of the DOLLY, steering, is DANNY.
scene_heading: IN HIS RIGHT HAND --
text: A smoking bazooka...
scene_heading: IN HIS LEFT -~
text: Two more of Id’s men, dead. He tosses them to the ground.
dialog: . "DANNY ‘
dialog: Hey, you Twin buttheads. You can
dialog: kiss my ass.
text: He brandishes two guns at once.
dialog: (cont. }
dialog: Two times.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON --
text: ‘Jules and Jim, looking alarmed. Then running for cover.
speaker_heading: OVERHEAD --
text: Id‘s men take up positions on the center bridge between the
dialog: catwalks...
speaker_heading: DANNY +=
dialog: 93
dialog: 
text: 2 Speed, hors off the Dolly, tosses the bazooka
text: whips out an intricate, Compound Bow.
dialog: 
text: Id‘s men aim their rifles at Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY <<
text: Slowly, deliberately, pulls a long arrow from its quiver, and
text: lays it across the bow. Down the shaft, at its point, a shiny
text: golden triangle...An explosive head.
dialog: ON THE BRIDGE --
dialog: Id’s men yell “Fire!
speaker_heading: “DANNY ==
dialog: releases the arrow...
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON --
text: The arrow, whizzing through the air and then...
scene_heading: THE BRIDGE EXPLODES
text: It’s the Fourth of July, as human fireworks light the air.
text: The burning wreckage tumbles to the floor and smolders.
speaker_heading: DANNY --
text: steps through the smoke once again.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who’s next?
text: He tosses the bow and arrow on the ground,
speaker_heading: - ARNO .
dialog: fobscured by the smoke)
dialog: DANNY! Watch out!
scene_heading: A TOP=CLASS MERC --
text: comes charging out of the smoke, and grabs Danny around the
text: throat from behind. He starts to choke him when...
text: DANNY reaches over his shoulder, grabs the back of the Merc’s
text: head, and delivers a SHATTERING REVERSE HEAD BUTT.
dialog: iso
dialog: ‘é
dialog: “e
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Danny, look out, there’s two more...
text: Two Bad Guys come charging through the smoke.
speaker_heading: DANNY --
text: smiles, relishes the moment, then reaches over his shoulder
dialog: for the gun taped to his back... _-
dialog: But wait, something’s wrong, he can’t reach it, he’s taped it
dialog: too Low.
speaker_heading: BAD GUY 1 <--
text: charges at him, punching him in the stomach.
text: DANNY buckles over, faking the pain, then elhow blasts the
text: unaware guard in the temple.
scene_heading: THE LAST BAD GUY -~-
text: stares at Danny now. He thinks twice about attacking hin,
text: then starts to run.
scene_heading: DANNY. --
text: smiling, swings the laser sight pistol out of a holster.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Danny, don’t...
text: The red dot from the laser travels up the man’s back and...
dialog: BLAM! .
text: e He tumbles over head first.
scene_heading: NOW, THE ROOM -~
text: Is a panorama of death and destruction. Bodies lie scattered
text: everywhere among the wreckage.
text: ARNO, still hanging from a chain.
text: And Danny, in the middle of it all.
text: He steps forward, towards Arno...
speaker_heading: ARNO
speaker_heading: 1o1L
dialog: 8
dialog: 
text: has the laser gun in his hand.
text: in Arno’s direction.
dialog: »--thank Gad.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Danny! It’s me, Arno...
text: He raises it and
text: The red laserlight, travels up his stomach, over his neck,
text: past his face..
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Danny...
text: The light keeps moving, right up to Arno’s manacle
text: stopping in between them on the chains.
text: DANNY fires.
text: And ARNO crashes to the floor, free now.
speaker_heading: ARNO’S P.O.V. -=
text: He’s lying right at Danny’s feet.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: That was good shooting, Danny, but
dialog: you didn’t need to kill that man...
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: (not listening)
dialog: Id and the Twins ‘got away.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: How did you find me?
speaker_heading: * DANNY
dialog: : Décker. -He betrayed us at the Pier.
speaker_heading: . ARNO,
dialog: Decker? But why?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He’s a bureaucrat Arno, think about
dialog: it. Here, you’ll want this.
text: Danny pulls arno’s gmm Beretta Combat Pistol out,
text: it over to him.
speaker_heading: ARNO stares at
dialog: hands.
dialog: d wrists,
dialog: and hands
text: the gun, quietly. He turns it over in his
dialog: 102
dialog: e
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I’ve killed a lot of pecple with this
dialog: gun, Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Get ready to kill a lot more.
text: Danny and Arno move out through the back door into a long
dialog: corridor.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY <-
text: A long, narrow, hallway filled with costumes and old
text: backdrops. The winding corrider doglegs at its middle.
text: Danny and Arno creep cautiously ahead.
scene_heading: SFX -- GUNSHOTS
text: Two bullets clang against the wall, inches away from them.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That’s the Twins.
scene_heading: TWO MORE GUNSHOTS ==
text: ring out in the hallway.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Dammit. (beat) Cover me...
text: ARNO gets out down on his hands and knees. Danny grabs his
dialog: shoulder. .
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Wait, Arno.
text: He tears a grenade off his vest.
dialog: How’s your curve ball?
scene_heading: FARTHER DOWN THE HALLWAY --
text: Jules and Jim backed up by a group of Mercs. Every few
text: seconds, one of them reaches around the corner and fires off
text: another shot in the direction of Arno and Danny.
speaker_heading: SFX -- CLANGING
dialog: 103
dialog: eee
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: C
text: im take a few steps backwards as the clanging gets
dialog: i louder.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: A GRENADE --
text: skips straight down the hallway, spinning wildly. It brushes
text: against a wall, then takes a vicious curve straight for...
text: THE GANG OF MERCS, who stand there, transfixed.
text: JULES and JIM run for a doorway. .
speaker_heading: SFX -~ EXPLOSION
speaker_heading: ARNO AND DANNY
text: come barreling down the hallway, right behind the explosion,
text: guns drawn. They lock down and see the MERCS’ dead bodies,
text: put no sign of The Twins.
text: They duck through the door and see another long haliway, which
text: splits into a fork. Running up the middle of the hall, side
text: by side, are Jules and Jin.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: The Twins!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We've got to split them up!
text: Arno takes hold of the high tech archer’s bow, kneels and
text: zings an arrow down the long hallway.
text: As they reach the fork in the hall, The Twins look back...The
text: arrow’s coming right between their shoulders. Jules dives
text: left, Jim to the right, and the arrow explodes into the wall
dialog: between them.
text: Arno and Danny charge down the hall after. them. Danny slings
text: a rifle over his shoulder and cocks it. Arno takes hold of
text: the massive Rocket Launcher. They reach the fork, and Arno
text: _pulls Danny aside.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (he grabs Danny’s arm)
dialog: Look, Danny, I want you to be
dialog: careful...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: They can‘t touch this.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: CC
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: Be careful anyway. Try not to kill
dialog: anyone who doesn’t deserve it.
text: DANNY stares at hin strangely.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You okay, Arno?
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: . (quietly) Le
dialog: I'm fine. Let’s do it.
text: They take off down the halls; Arno to the right towards Jin
text: in the loading dock, and Danny to the left after Jules.
speaker_heading: LOADING DOCK <=
text: An expansive Loading Dock, filled with huge crates. Arno
text: steps into the room quietly, watching as Jim desperately tries
text: to climb into an air shaft from on top of one of the crates.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Come down from there, Jules. TI don’t
dialog: want to kill you...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m dim, you overgrown American
dialog: idiot.
text: Jim snorts and fires off a few rounds towards Arno. Arno
text: dcesn’t even flinch as the bullets miss by a wide margin.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Okay, I warned you...
text: Arno walks over to the mountain of crates that Jim is standing
text: on. With a massive heave, Arno topples one of the crates,
text: sending the others tumbling down in a chain reaction.
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE --
text: Jules is running for his life down an old studio hallway
dialog: from...
text: DANNY, who cackles loudly and fires a few shots off now and
dialog: then.
text: Jules comes to the end of the long hallway and bursts through
text: a doorway, outside, into an...
dialog: 105
dialog: ‘e
scene_heading: OLD WESTERN TOWN SET ~~
text: A cobwebbed, crumbling but still standing set from an old
text: Western, JULES stands in the middle of Main Street.
text: Hearing Danny coming up behind him, he darts over to THE
speaker_heading: SALOON. i, :
text: As Jules pushes through the swinging doors of the Saloon, he
text: realizes that these are only stand up flats. He presses
text: himself up against the flimsy material, and peers out the
text: glassiess window to the street.
speaker_heading: JULES P.O.V. <-
text: Danny stands in the middle of the street now. He has a big
text: smile on his face. He pulls the Porcelain gun off his back.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Eenie, meenie, miney...
speaker_heading: A HUGE EXPLOSION
text: blasts the saloon flat into splinters, but JULES has managed
text: to slip out and race across the street to the BANK.
text: What follows is an extremely violent cat and mouse game, as
text: JULES runs from the BANK, to the POST OFFICE, to the BROTHEL.
text: Danny blowing away each just after he starts running.
text: NOW, Jules is. behind the OLD JAIL set, and has no place left
text: to run. He tries taking a few shots at Danny, but they miss.
speaker_heading: . DANNY
dialog: Nowhere left to run, Jules. Say your
dialog: prayers...
dialog: .
text: . Danny fires, and Jules is buried under a mountain ef wood.
text: BACK TO ARNO, IN THE LOADING DOCK -- *
text: He pushes away the enormous crates. Finally, he comes to
text: Jim’s bedy. His eyes are wide open, but his neck is twisted
text: hideously.
text: Arno shakes his head, then reaches down and shuts Jim’s eyes.
text: He gets up and walks out of the room.
text: HOLD ON JIM, for a moment, waiting for Arno to leave. As soon
text: as the door closes, one of his eyes POPS OPEN.
dialog: 106
dialog: (@
dialog: at &:
speaker_heading: WESTERN TOWN --
text: Is now entirely destroyed. The outdoor set is littered with
text: shattered, smoldering pieces of wood. At the end of the
text: street, where the jail used to be, something stirs under a
text: mountain of rubble.
text: The pieces of wood start to fall aside, and rising from the
text: ashes is JULES...
text: Beaten, bloody, but still alive. He limps forward out of the
text: wreckage, cocking his gun.
speaker_heading: - DANNY
dialog: (0.8)
dialog: Thought I’d left, didn’t you?:
text: Standing behind Jules is Danny, who hasn’t left at all, but
text: is in fact pointing his guh right in Jules’ back.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sorry Jules, I’m not that stupid.
dialog: You're the second most evil bad guy.
dialog: And the second most evil bad guy
dialog: always comes back to kill you at the
dialog: end...
text: Jules reaches nervously for his gun...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Not this time...
text: Danny fires, blowing Jules into dust.
scene_heading: INT. OLD HORROR MOVIE SET -
text: Arno barges through a side door and on to a dusty old Horror
text: Movie Set of Hell. Everywhere in the room: Stalactites,
text: stalagmites, boulders, caverns, steel cages, and once’ ‘fiery
dialog: pits.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Come out, Id.
text: Arno cocks his rifle, and blows a paper mache Stalactite off
dialog: the ceiling.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: There’s nowhere left to run.
dialog: 207
text: € -. Then, a small crackling noise from behind him.
text: Arno spins and fires off another round into the big boulder.
text: Plaster flies up, and clogs the air with dust.
text: Behind the cloud of debris, Arno makes out a figure, standing
text: very still. It’s ID.
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: Very impressive,” Slater. You knew
dialog: just where to look.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: The drugs, Id. I want them. Now!
dialog: . MR. ID
dialog: (laughing)
text: Of course. They’re in the pit.
text: Arno looks at Id, surprised. He glances over to a pit,
text: covered by wooden slats.
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: Why don’t I believe you?
speaker_heading: 6 MR. ID
dialog: € C Because you’re a moron? (beat) You
dialog: - still don’t get it, Slater, do you?
text: Arne leoks puzzled.
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: MR. ID
dialog: The drugs are nothing. They were
dialog: > simply the means to an end.
speaker_heading: coe ° “ARNO
dialog: ye . “s And what was that? Funding hostile
dialog: : - rebels in Central America? Bribing
dialog: ) - government officials? Maybe a
dialog: - . Senator?
speaker_heading: ) MR. ID
dialog: ) My, what an active imagination. It
dialog: ) was much simpler than that.
dialog: , Id takes a step forward. : .
dialog: 7 (cont.}
dialog: We were only selling the drugs to
dialog: . make money. We used the money to buy
dialog: @ - guns. We needed the guns te kill
speaker_heading: Cf 108
dialog: “@
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: But why? Why would you want me dead?
speaker_heading: MR. ID
dialog: You interfered with our drug
dialog: operations.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: But you were only selling the drugs
dialog: so you could kill me...
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: Precisely.
speaker_heading: ~ ARNO
dialog: So, if I hadn‘’t been there stopping
dialog: you, you wouldn’t have been selling
dialog: the drugs... .
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: How perceptive.
text: None of this makes any sense. Arno tries desperately to
dialog: figure it out.
speaker_heading: MR. ID
dialog: Look, if you don’t bélieve me, check.
dialog: the pit. Blow up the drugs, they’ve
dialog: served their purpose.
text: Arno reluctantly walks over to the Pit and kicks the slats
dialog: off. He almost doesn’t want to look in there. If Id’s
dialog: telling the truth...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Frank would be alive...All this
dialog: killing. It was all for nothing... .
text: Arne kicks the slats off and...
dialog: No booby trap. no surprises. Just a mother lode of drugs in
text: plastic bags at the bottom of the pit. Arno can’t believe Id
dialog: has told him where they are.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: (trying to work it out)
dialog: You sold the drugs to get the money
dialog: to kill me, but I didn’t stop you
dialog: until you started selling the
dialog: drugs...
dialog: 103
dialog: ®
speaker_heading: CC
text: Id looks ever at Arno, who seems paralyzed by self doubt.
speaker_heading: MR. ID
dialog: Confusing, Slater, isn’t it? Almost
dialog: maddening. (beat) Well, what are you
dialog: waiting for? Take the rocket
text: launcher, aim it in the pit, and
dialog: fire...
text: Arno is disoriented; his whole world seems to be crumbling
dialog: around hin.
dialog: . MR. ID"
dialog: Or do you have something else in
dialog: mind? Perhaps you’re going to kill
dialog: me first? Isn‘t that what you always
dialog: do? .
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: No.
text: Arno jets the rocket launcher fall to his side.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: There's been enough killing.
speaker_heading: JESSICK
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Get off me!
text: Decker pushes into the room, with a gun pointed to Jessica’s
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Slater, you pasty faced sauna monkey,
dialog: drop the gun!
dialog: : .e MR.ID
dialog: It’s about time, Captain.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Jessica, how did you get here?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: He kidnapped me. What else is new?
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: That crazy kid left her in the car
dialog: with me. (Arno approaches them) I’1l
dialog: shoot her, Slater, I swear I‘’ll do
dialog: it...
dialog: iio
dialog: ‘é
dialog: e
speaker_heading: - ARNO
dialog: Decker, you're a cop! How could you
dialog: do this?
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: It wasn’t just me, Slater. The whole
dialog: recinct chipped in to pay these
dialog: guys. Killgallon and McMurphy had a
dialog: bake sale.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: I don’t understand, we were buddies.
dialog: Why would you de this to me?
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: (snorts) .
dialog: He’s askin me why. Why would I do
dialog: it? I’ve said it te you a million
dialog: times, but did you ever listen to me?
dialog: - Neoooo. You just did things your
dialog: own way...
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: But I thought...
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: You‘’Ve given ny department’ the worst
dialog: reputation in the country, Slater.
dialog: I’ve got media hounds doing the
dialog: Thomas Flair three feet up my
dialog: cornhole, tne ACLU white water
text: rafting down fudge river canyon....
dialog: {getting louder) I’m this close to
dialog: getting kicked out on my sweaty
dialog: petards: without a pension, and you
dialog: ask me WHY?!
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: (in a total frenzy}
dialog: Because you’re a ball-peen jacka-
dialog: menace, Slater, that’s why! Because
dialog: I’ve slurped about all the cock
dialog: toasting I can take from you poncey
dialog: poon fackers...(he thinks for a
dialog: “ainute) and you take the shingles off
dialog: the monkey-stick!
text: They all take a second to register this.
dialog: aii
dialog: ‘é
text: She shakes her
text: This is moronic.
dialog: self free from Decker.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Don’t move...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Go ahead and shoot, Bob, I’m not
dialog: playing hostage for you! (beat) I
dialog: am so tired of this, Arno! The
text: worrying, the kidnappings, playing
dialog: along with all this goddamn macho
dialog: posturing...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: “Jessie, not you too?
speaker_heading: . JESSICA ~
dialog: Don‘t lump me in with these guys,
dialog: Arno. I’ve been supportive, I’ve
dialog: helped you all these years. I
dialog: cleaned your guns when you wanted
dialog: them clean, I sewed up your wounds
dialog: “when they needed stitching...I need
dialog: Jessica starts
dialog: to do something for me... I want to
dialog: go back to school, start a career,
dialog: have kids... °
speaker_heading: ARNG
dialog: Jessie, now is not really the best
dialog: time for this...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I think it’s the perfect time. I’m
dialog: leaving you Arno. Goodbye.
text: walking away.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Get back here!
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Jessie, please...
text: She turns around to face them.
speaker_heading: JESSICA |
dialog: You two have some kind of score to
dialog: 112
dialog: ~ we
dialog: @, go ahead, settle it: But
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: €@ me out. (beat, she looks at
dialog: Arno} I’m sorry Arno, but we never
dialog: really knew each other anyway. Good
dialog: bye.
text: Id laughs, enjoying this little revelation.
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: Decker, look, let’s drop our guns, we
dialog: can'talk this out...
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: Don’t do it, Decker.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: “- I'll quit the force, you’ll never
dialog: have to see me again...
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: And give up the one thing you know
dialog: how to do? Yeah, sure...
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: Shoot him!
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Decker, please! I’11l put my gun down
dialog: first...
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: “I know that one too, Hot-shot.
dialog: You‘ve got another one taped to your
dialog: back!
speaker_heading: ARNO ,
dialog: Decker, I don’t have... Please, let’s
dialog: not shoot each other over nothing...
speaker_heading: MR.ID
dialog: Do it!
text: Decker raises his gun...Arno makes no attempt to protect
dialog: himself. Then...
speaker_heading: KABOOM!
text: An enormous explosion pulverizes Decker into dust. It’s
text: DANNY. He‘s smiling, holding his smoking gun.
text: Sensing the opportunity, ID slips away from them and out
text: through a side door...
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: € Arno, he’s getting away!
text: But Arno is kneeling down, looking at Decker’s gun and shield
text: which lay on the ground.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: He was a good man, Danny. He cursed
dialog: a lot, and I didn’t understand what
dialog: he was saying ali the time, but he
dialog: meant well...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey Arno, Mr. Arch Villain just made
text: a break for it.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Decker hated me, Danny. I made his
dialog: life hell.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well, that’s too bad, but we don’t
dialog: have time to cry over back-stabbing
dialog: bureaucrats right now...We’ve got to
dialog: finish off Id.
text: eo Arno rises to his feet.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: No. No more killing.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey, Arno, news flash! Mr. Id,
dialog: ‘ . biggest drug dealer on the West Coast
dialog: and all around scum bag just high
dialog: tailed it out of here...
speaker_heading: ARNO .
dialog: You don’t understand, Danny. He was
dialog: just selling drugs to buy guns to
dialog: kill me...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ARNO |
dialog: It was me, Danny,.I caused.all this
dialog: crime. It’s like an endless roller
dialog: coaster ride that I started, and now
dialog: I want to get off...
dialog: e 114
dialog: , oe
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: i ocan’t believe you! They killed
dialog: Frank!
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Tt was an accident. They were trying
dialog: to get me. (beat) I feel bad, sure,
dialog: but killing them won’t bring him
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about justice, Arno? He was
dialog: your cousin.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You wanna know the truth, Danny?
dialog: Frank wasn’t even really my cousin.
dialog: His father was my Dad’s best friend,
dialog: and, you know, we started calling him
dialog: Uncle, so you call his son cousin,
text: and pretty soon it just sticks.
text: Danny cocks the porcelain gun.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We're wasting time.
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Look, Danny, this whole thing’s been.
dialog: pointless...Just let it go.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: If you’re not going to kill Id then
dialog: I will. :
text: Arno grabs Danny by the arms. :
speaker_heading: * ARNO : °
dialog: No, Danny, I won’t let you do that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Try and stop me!
text: Danny slaps Arno’s arms away, breaking free from his grip,
text: and sending the big man a few steps backwards. Arno stands
text: frozen, shocked by how viclent Danny has become.
text: dUST THEN, Jim, the remaining Twin, Stumbles out from behind
text: a Stalagmite. Before Danny and Arno can react, he fires off
dialog: a shot...
speaker_heading: BLAM!
speaker_heading: 4115
dialog: ‘@
dialog: e
text: nitting ARNO in the chest. Arno stumbles backwards, as Danny
text: raises his gun. Jim fires again, propelling Arno over the
text: edge of the PIT, and sending him falling down...down...finally
text: crashing on the botton.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You sonofabitch!
text: Jim tries to scurry away, but Danny FIRES repeatedly, blasting
dialog: him back te Brussels, air mail express.
text: Danny runs over to the PIT and looks down. Way down. Arno’s
text: body lies still at the bottom.
text: Danny gets to his feet. °
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (Screaming)
dialog: Id! ‘You bastard! You'll pay for
dialog: *this! . -
text: His voice echoes through'the studio. He cocks his gun, and
text: goes racing out the side door.
dialog: . ar
scene_heading: ON THE STUDIO GROUNDS --
text: Mr. Id is running for his life, looking backward over his
text: shoulder and then picking up the pace whenever-he hears his
text: name being called in the distance.
text: As he runs, the bandages around his face start to unravel and
text: flake off, leaving a trail of torn gauze in his wake.
text: THE CHASE leads Danny out through the studio property, up a
text: side street, and then on to HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD.
text: Danny chases Id past whores, bikers, the grand, old Movie
text: Houses of Hollywood Blvd: Mann’s Chinese, El Capitan, the
dialog: Egyptian...
dialog: ‘ cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OLD HORROR MOVIE SET -
text: at the bottom of the PIT... .
text: A clenched fist unfurls. Slackened features resume their
text: shape, and ARNO stirs awake.
dialog: 116
dialog: “@
dialog: aa
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: A S tne air. He comes to his knees and
text: sneezes. down and sees a white bed of cocaine, his
text: bedy imprinted in the flakes, Arno is bleeding bad, but he’s
text: stiil alive.
dialog: 
text: The drugs must have broken his fall.
speaker_heading: curT To:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD -
text: Danny keeps running, still following the trail of unraveled
text: gauze. Suddenly, it ends.
text: He looks up and realizes he’s way at the end of the strip now.
text: He’s standing in front of an enormous, decrepit movie theater.
text: The lights aze all off, the windows are boarded up. The
text: Marquee is missing all its letters but one; an "A" that hangs
text: off to one side. :
text: The front door looks like it’s been pried open. An old
text: rotting slat swings back and forth on a rusty nail.
dialog: Id went through here.
text: Danny smirks, raises his gun and...
speaker_heading: BOOM!
text: Blows half the facade away. He steps through the smoking
dialog: wreckage into...
scene_heading: AN ENORMOUS THEATER LOBBY -~
text: The paint is dusty, peeling, chipping away, and we can barely
text: make: out a flame~like pattern on the walis.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I’M COMING FOR YOU, ID!
dialog: © a
text: Danny hears footsteps,* and sees Id run from behind the
dialog: concessicen stand... : .
speaker_heading: BOOH!
text: Danny blows it to smithereens, barely missing Id.
text: He chases him down the hall, then swings up and around the
text: aisle, into the middle of the theater.
text: DANNY looks up to the ceiling, then turns around. HE‘’S IN THE
scene_heading: MIDDLE. OF THE ASMODEUN <<
dialog: 117
dialog: @
dialog: fe
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What the hell?
text: This is not the Asmodeun that Danny knows, however. All but
text: a few scattered rows of seats have been ripped out. The
text: balcony is crumbling and sags in the middle. The walls are
text: chipped, peeling, scarred by flames...
text: Danny walks to the center of the theater and screams at the
text: top of his lungs...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I’M GOING TO MAKE YOU PAY, ID!
text: His voice echoes off the walls. Danny moves up to the stage,
text: to the lip in front of the movie screen. He stands there,
text: smoking gun in hand. : :
text: suddenly, a light comes on from the projection booth, shining
text: out through the portholes. It blinds Danny and he puts his
text: hands up to shield his eyes.
speaker_heading: MR. ID
dialog: Here Tam, Danny.
text: Id walks out on the balcony, one or two bandages remaining on
text: his face. He pulis them off as he walks forward, and when he
text: steps into the light we realize... -
text: It’s THE PROJECTIONIST.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Arno’s dead, Danny, it’s just me and
dialog: you... >
dialog: Danny’s not sure what to do...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Come on, Danny. Kill me. That’s
dialog: what you want, isn’t it? I killed
dialog: Arno, now shoot me and even the
dialog: score.
text: Danny closes his eyes and fires the gun, taking a chunk out
text: of the. balcony, and barely missing Id.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: No!
text: The voice comes from a figure, standing in the lobby.
dialog: Lis
text: The Projectionist glances down in annoyance, and instantly,
text: the DOORS SLAM SHUT.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: Here’s your chance, Danny, make up
dialog: for éverything in one shot...
text: He spreads his arms...
text: The DOORS BURST OPEN AGAIN...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Danny, wait!
text: ‘The VOICE nears. Danny trains his gun on the figure moving
text: forward through the aisles. The man stumbles; clutching his
dialog: mid section...It’s...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: AINO...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: Den‘t do it, Danny. Don’t shoot.
text: He’s bleeding, dying, but he’s managed to drag himself all the
text: way to the theater. He sits down next to front aisle.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You’re alive...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: I’m waiting...
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: Danny, listen to me. If you shoot
dialog: Id, it will never end. Someone else
dialog: will come after you for killing hin,
dialog: on and on, forever. You’ll be stuck
dialog: here like me, killing just to stay
dialog: alive yourself.
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: come on Danny, don’t listen to a dead
dialog: man. Go ahead and shoot, I know you
dialog: want to...
speaker_heading: ARNG
dialog: Believe me, Danny, it’s not worth ite.
dialog: I’ve lived that way my whole life...
dialog: But you don’t have to. You can
dialog: forget all this, go back to where you
dialog: 119
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Danny is torn, he wants desperately te pull the trigger...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: (growing furious}
dialog: SHOOT ME, DANNY! Take your
dialog: revenge...
text: Danny raises his gun, he looks like he might shoot...
text: Arno, his breath escaping him, crawls forward towards him...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You won’t feel any better, Danny. It
dialog: won’t bring your father back...
text: 4 long moment passes, both the Projectionist and Arno hang on
dialog: Danny’s next move...
text: Danny’s fingers tense around the gun.
speaker_heading: THEN --
text: Slowly, they loosen. The gun begins to slip, and Danny lets
text: it fall from his hand. .
text: It crashes to the ground as Danny climbs down off the stage.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Arno, come on...
speaker_heading: ARNO
dialog: You ended it, Danny...Go home...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ifm not leaving you here!
text: Danny helps Arno to his feet...
speaker_heading: . ARNO
dialog: Forget me, I can’t go...
dialog: + It’s over... ’
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE <=
text: The Projectionist is growing furious. His eyes flame, he
text: seems. to grow larger on the balcony. Jets of fire spew out
text: from the projection room. The whole theater begins to shake.
scene_heading: . PROJECTIONIST
dialog: USE THE GUN, DANNY! That was the
dialog: agreement...
dialog: 126
dialog: ‘e
text: Beams fall, the walls crack...
text: Danny and Arno start limping forward down the aisle...
speaker_heading: PROJECTIONIST
dialog: YOU MUST USE IT...DAMN YOU!!
text: The theater seats catch fire and explode, as the whole
text: building threatens to fold in.
text: Through it all, The Projectionist stands perfectly still on
text: his balcony, his eyes glowing red.
text: Danny and Arno are running now, straight for the center of the
dialog: screen. .
text: A long TEAR in the fabric is just visible.
text: The theater begins to explode behind them as DANNY hurdles the
text: stage thrust, leaps forward and dives... Right into the tear.
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT
text: For a few moments. Then Danny plops right back down in his
text: original theater seat. He is unharmed, his bookbag still
text: slung over his shoulder.
text: Danny rises out of his seat, just as...
speaker_heading: ONSCREEN ~-
text: A raging fire burns in the Movie! s Asmodeun, as EXTREMELY
text: VIOLENT‘S credits roll.
text: The Projectionist stands still on the balcony. His face, now
text: expressionless, as’ flames 1iék at him in ali directions.
text: He stares -out fron the screen, coldly, watching Danny.
text: Suddenly, the balcony collapses and he’ plummets into ‘the
text: burning wreckage.
speaker_heading: HOLD ON --
text: DANNY’S FACE, his eyes desperately scanning the screen. But
text: the fire just roars higher and higher...
text: He turns away and walks out of the theater.
scene_heading: “EXT. TIMES SQUARE --
text: Danny pushes open the front doors to the Asmodeun and steps
dialog: 12h
dialog: ‘e
dialog: 
dialog: eo
text: out bathed in the gray-yellow light that
dialog: comes
dialog: 
text: He stands juSt outside the theater for a moment. His eyes are
text: blank, expressionless. He closes them for a second.
scene_heading: EIGHTH AVENUE --
text: Danny trudges up Eighth Avenue, his hands thrust in his
text: pockets, trying to keep warm in the early morning chill.
text: He picks up his pace, until he is no longer walking but
text: running, soaring past sex shops and porno theaters and sleazy
text: go-go bars whose doors have finally closed.
text: He comes to the subway and bounds down the steps.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR -- A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Light all but disappears as the car roars into a tunnel, then
text: reappears as it comes out again, overground.
text: Danny stares out the window, trying to find his destination
text: in the small family homes and industrial parks that make up
dialog: the borough of Queens.
scene_heading: EXT. SOMEWHERE IN QUEENS -~
text: Danny is running again, his chest heaving as he races towards
dialog: his destination...
text: A large, sprawling graveyard. The intended tranquility is
text: drowned out by the zooming of traffic on the super-highways
text: ringing the lawns.
scene_heading: ‘EXT. THE GRAVEYARD --
text: Danny wanders through the sea of white gravestones until he
text: finds the one he’s looking for.
scene_heading: HIS FATHER’S GRAVE --
text: He stands in front of the grave, staring at it.
scene_heading: HOLD ON -- HIS EYES
text: still dry, stili cold. He just stands there, not knowing what
dialog: to do. . :
text: He turns to walk away, then falls to his knees. The sobs come
text: slowly at first, then harder and harder until he is short of
text: breath from crying.
dialog: 122
text: A HAND reaches out and touches his shoulder. He locks up to
text: see HIS MOTHER, standing over him, tears in her eyes as well.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Mom...
text: She kneels on the ground, taking him into her arms.
scene_heading: HOLD ON -- THE TWO OF THEM
text: in the sea of gravestones. The morning sun has just peaked
text: out over the smog and grime of New York City.
scene_heading: THEN DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: INT. THE ASMODEUN --
text: The ROWS OF EMPTY SEATS in the Asmodeun. All is still in the
text: theater now, the projector shines a white light across the
text: theater, the clack of the film unspooling can be heard in the
dialog: background. .
text: Slowly, a hand comes up over the first row of seats. Then an
text: arm, followed by a muscular torso. Then the rest of...
text: ARNO SLATER. He rises to his feet. 2
text: He is unscratched, no bloodstains, his clothes are clean. He
text: steps forward down the aisle.
text: He walks through the lobby and out of the theater, into...
text: THE.MIDDLE OF NEW YORK’S BUSTLING TIMES SQUARE
dialog: o
text: He smiles broadly. As he walks down the street, he passes a
dialog: garbage can.
text: He pauses for a second, then takes his gun out, his prized
text: Beretta with the laser sighting, and drops it in the garbage
dialog: can.
text: Arno walks on, seeing the world around him as though for the
text: first time...Like a man born into life full grown.
speaker_heading: END
dialog: 123
dialog: 
