dialog: 
scene_heading: LAW-ABIDING CITIZEN
dialog: Written by
dialog: Frank Darabont &amp; Kurt Wimmer
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 1.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: 1 OPENING CREDIT SEQUENCE. Images and sounds are surreal, 1
text: dreamlike, disturbing:
text: A HAND is trying to dial three simple numbers. Trembling
text: fingers miss, try again...we hear boop-boop-boop.
speaker_heading: 911 OPERATOR
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: 911 operator, what is your emergency?
text: The phone rises, gripped tightly. Knuckles white. We're TIGHT,
text: it's dark, we see no face -- just slack, trembling lips.
text: Whoever it is, he can't talk. All we hear is breathing, all
text: we sense is grief and panic and deep shock.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Hello? Can you hear me? Can you
dialog: speak?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: ...eyes...
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: What? Can you speak up?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: ...her...eyes...
scene_heading: 2 EXT. ROAD - NIGHT 2
text: Lights appear like phantoms over blacktop, flashing. Police
dialog: cars coming our way.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Sir, what is the nature of your
dialog: emergency?
text: The man can't speak.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Sir? Are you injured? Do you need
dialog: medical attention?
text: The cars blast by us...
scene_heading: 3 INT. HOUSE - NIGHT 3
scene_heading: TIGHT ON PHONE AND MOUTH:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: ...her eyes...she can't...
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 2.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT 4
text: POLICE VEHICLES converge in SLOW-MOTION, dreamlike. Doors fly
text: open, COPS jump out, weapons drawn as WE MOVE with them to:
text: Front door. RAMP TO NORMAL CAMERA SPEED as it opens, revealing:
text: BENSON CLYDE, phone still gripped. He barely registers the
text: weapons aimed at his face. CAMERA CLOSES IN ON HIM, as:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: She can't...close her eyes.
text: He's pulled from frame. CAMERA KEEPS MOVING, following COPS
dialog: into the house...
text: Dark as hell inside. And tense. Arms training weapons. Moving
text: up a tight hallway, emerging into...
speaker_heading: THE LIVING ROOM
text: ...where the flashlight beams find blood-spatter patterns.
text: Furniture shattered and overturned. A kid's sneaker.
text: The flashlights play across TWO BODIES in the wreckage -- a
text: woman's pale hand, a child's motionless leg.
text: CAMERA DRIFTS AROUND to the cops' faces, as:
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: (unsnaps shoulder radio)
dialog: Dispatch, we have multiple 10-55s,
dialog: need full response, 11-41.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. HOUSE (SLO-MO) - NIGHT 5
text: Chaotic now, vehicles and lights. The eye of the storm is
text: Clyde on the lawn, hugging his knees, fetal with horror and
text: grief. He's screaming at the sky, but no sound is coming out.
text: EMS TECHS enter shot, steal the frame, race toward the door...
scene_heading: 6 INT. HOUSE (SLO-MO) - NIGHT 6
text: TRACKING SHOT at floor level, photos being taken. FLASHES
text: bathe the foreground wreckage. FORENSIC TECHS step gingerly.
text: Uniformed cops hang grimly back, hugging the walls...
text: CAMERA BRINGS US TO CLOSEUP: A PROFILE IN DEEP SHADOW in the
text: foreground, face tilted obliquely in the wreckage.
text: A CAMERA FLASH reveals the face with shocking glare and the
text: IMAGE FREEZES. A TEN YEAR-OLD GIRL, eyes open, staring at us.
speaker_heading: CLYDE (V.O.)
dialog: (prelap)
dialog: Her eyes. That's how they were.
dialog: Open like that. You see?
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 3.
scene_heading: 7 INT. CITY HALL - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 7
text: Clyde is seated, speaking slowly and precisely. ANGLE WIDENS,
text: revealing the room, light filtering through blinds, as:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: When I found my wife and child dead,
text: my little girl's eyes were open.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The last thing she saw of this earth
dialog: were the faces of the men who took
dialog: her life. Can you understand that?
speaker_heading: NICK (O.S.)
dialog: Yes. Yes, I can.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Can you? Really?
dialog: (looks to somebody else)
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Clyde. I don't see this helping.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: No? You married? Children?
scene_heading: ANGLE HAS NOW WIDENED/DRIFTED to include D.A. JONAS CANTRELL,
text: Senior Attorney for the State. He wears thick glasses and is
text: suffering the early stages of macular degeneration.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Divorced. I have a son and daughter.
dialog: Both in college.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: My daughter was ten. I married late
dialog: in life.
text: Clyde spreads the crime scene photos further on the table.
text: ANGLE COMES AROUND to reveal the third man in the room:
speaker_heading: NICK PRICE
text: The D.A. under Cantrell -- focused, exceptional at what he
dialog: does, the man you'd want on your side.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You, Mr. Price? Married? Kids?
text: Nick doesn't answer, stays focused on the task:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I've seen the crime scene photos,
dialog: Mr. Clyde. Many times. They're
dialog: horrifying. But they don't alter
dialog: the facts of the case.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 4.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Facts? Those men are guilty. Both
dialog: of them. You know they are.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: This isn't about what we know. It's
dialog: about what we can prove in court.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Things have gone against us. Tainted
text: crime scene, evidence thrown out...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Maybe you just haven't tried hard *
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Look. We've had only one real break
dialog: in this case. The fact that one
dialog: asshole has decided to testify
dialog: against the other asshole.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: In return for immunity. So he gets
text: away with it.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: The other man doesn't. He'll go
dialog: down for the crime. That has to
dialog: count for something.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Yes. It counts for half.
dialog: (pause, quietly)
dialog: Don't reward one of the men who
dialog: murdered my family. Please.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Mr. Clyde. I can't claim to know
dialog: what it's like to be in your
dialog: position. Losing your wife and child.
dialog: But please try to grasp how limited
dialog: our options are. This is how the
dialog: justice system works.
text: Clyde sits for a long moment, numb, absorbing this.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Ah. I see my mistake. I came for
dialog: justice. Instead I got a system.
scene_heading: 8 INT. CITY HALL - HALLWAY - DAY 8
text: SARAH LOWELL, fresh out of law school, is waiting anxiously
text: for the meeting to end, arms full of file folders. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 4A.
text: With her is BILL REYNOLDS, the defense attorney in this case, *
text: glancing impatiently at his watch. *
text: Clyde exits the room fast, not watching where he's going, *
text: accidentally plowing into Sarah as he passes. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 5.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Sorry. My fault.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's okay.
text: On he goes. Nick and Cantrell exit the room.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're due upstairs in three minutes!
dialog: You're gonna be late!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thank you, voice of doom.
text: They move toward the elevators with Reynolds. Sarah's at their *
text: heels, sensing the tension and keeping her mouth shut.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Cantrell) *
dialog: We doing the right thing?
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS *
dialog: (jumps in) *
dialog: You even doubt it? C'mon, you didn't
dialog: just tumble off the fucking truck.
dialog: Do the math...
text: Cantrell has trouble seeing the elevator button, misses. Nick
text: presses it for him. (This is thrown away without comment;
text: both men are used to Cantrell's bad eyes by now.)
text: They elevator opens, they get on... *
scene_heading: 9 INT. ELEVATOR - DAY 9
dialog: ...and ride up:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's your office.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: It's your decision.
text: Nick shoots him a withering look, glances back at Sarah.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS *
dialog: What are you asking her for? She's *
dialog: just an intern. *
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (deer in the headlights) *
dialog: I am just an intern. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 6.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You were top of your class at Yale,
dialog: don't give me that shit.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Young lady. Someday you might have
dialog: our jobs. You know the issues of *
dialog: the case before the court. Speak.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay. Um. You can take both men to
dialog: trial, spend a year and millions of
dialog: taxpayer dollars, and probably lose.
dialog: Or you can cut a deal and at least
dialog: put one of the men who did the crime
dialog: on death row. It's a no-brainer. *
dialog: You make the deal. *
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS *
dialog: (smug, to the men) *
dialog: Duh. *
text: They trade a look. Cantrell glances to Sarah. *
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: When the day comes that you argue a
dialog: real case in court, you might refrain
dialog: from summing up with "duh."
speaker_heading: SARAH *
dialog: I'll avoid that. *
scene_heading: 10 INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS - DAY 10
text: JUDGE LAURA BURCH presides. Nick, Cantrell, Sarah are present. *
text: CLARENCE DARBY is the focus, Bill Reynolds at his side. *
speaker_heading: JUDGE BURCH *
dialog: The agreement has been vetted by
dialog: both sides? Satisfactory to all?
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Yes, your Honor. Defense approves.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: State also approves, your Honor.
text: Nick places a document before DARBY, along with a pen.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Clarence Darby. This document
dialog: guarantees that you will provide
dialog: testimony against Rupert Ames in
dialog: the matter of which you were both
dialog: accused. In return, you will be
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 7.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: shielded from further prosecution
dialog: for those capital crimes. But you
dialog: will plead guilty to the lesser
dialog: charge of breaking and entering.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: You'll do a maximum of five years.
dialog: With good behavior, you could be
dialog: out in three.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BURCH
dialog: That also depends on your testimony
dialog: and the level of your cooperation.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Your Honor need not worry on my
dialog: account. I assure the court that I
dialog: am aware of the opportunity I've
dialog: been given. And I am deeply grateful
dialog: to all concerned.
text: Nick gives Cantrell a glance, both stoically enduring this
text: proceeding. Darby pulls the document closer.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: If I may. It has come to my attention
dialog: that Rupert Ames has been spreading *
dialog: lies about me to the tabloid press. *
dialog: About certain alleged activities of *
dialog: which I have no knowledge. Sexual
dialog: and otherwise. Libel and
dialog: slander...yes?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: You can always sue him.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Well, no matter. My tongue will wag
text: in court, under oath. His tongue
dialog: will wag in hell.
text: He puts pen to paper, looks to Nick.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: He'll get the chair?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We don't do chair. We do needle.
scene_heading: 11 INT. CITY HALL - GRAND INTERIOR STAIRCASE - DAY 11
text: Cathedral-like, pigeons fluttering. The door from the hallway
text: opens and BETSY, a months-old GERMAN SHEPHERD PUPPY, bounds
text: toward us on a leash pulling Cantrell toward the top of the
text: vast marble staircase. Nick trails them, nervous as hell:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 8.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Whoa, Jonas, take my elbow. *
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: I'm not blind. Yet. I'll do it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're shitty on stairs. At least
dialog: let me take the leash so the dog
dialog: doesn't pull you down.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: No. She needs to imprint on me. Not
dialog: you, not somebody else.
text: Cantrell starts down. Nick's at his side, hovering and ready
text: to grab him, jumping at every little lurch Cantrell makes.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: That's the whole point of this phase.
dialog: She needs to get the idea that she
dialog: and I are partners. Then the real
dialog: training can begin. Unless you wanna
dialog: lead me around the rest of my life.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'll pass.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. COURTHOUSE STEPS - DAY 12
text: Nick and Cantrell emerge into daylight and find Darby in the
text: protective custody of a FEDERAL MARSHAL on the courthouse
text: steps, surrounded by a crush of REPORTERS:
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: ...it was a burglary gone wrong. We
dialog: thought the house was empty. Rupert
dialog: found the woman and child at home
dialog: and went crazy. I was stoned and in
dialog: fear of my own life, so I fled...
text: They catch sight of Bill Reynolds, the defense attorney.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Bill! You let all your clients give
dialog: testimony on the courthouse steps?
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Hellooo, kettle to pot. Since when
dialog: do you shy away from publicity?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Since everything in this case has
dialog: gone sideways so far. Tell your boy
dialog: to save it for the courtroom.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 9.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: He's your boy too now. You tell
dialog: him.
text: Reynolds proceeds down the steps...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Asshole.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Dickwad.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Fuckface.
text: ...and vanishes in the crowd. Nick glances sourly toward Darby.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: ...and may I say for the record how
dialog: very sorry I am that I failed to
dialog: prevent Rupert Ames from committing
dialog: those terrible crimes...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You good here?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Long as nobody bumps into me.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Nick through the crowd toward Darby...
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: ...been given a chance to put the
dialog: drugs and foul living behind me. To
dialog: atone for my past failings and
dialog: weakness of character. It is a gift
dialog: given me by God's grace...
text: Darby sees Nick, grabs his hand, shaking it for the cameras.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: ...and the grace and wisdom of this
dialog: court. I cannot thank you enough,
dialog: sir. I cannot.
text: A BARRAGE OF CAMERA FLASHES. Nick caught off guard before the *
text: press, Darby not letting go. Then Nick sees: *
speaker_heading: NICK'S POV
text: Clyde, a tiny defeated figure far below, waits at the bus
text: stop. He's gazing up, seeing this photo op happen.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: breaks the handshake with a flush of discomfort, signals the
dialog: federal marshal:
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 10.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Marshal, escort your man, please!
dialog: (to the reporters)
dialog: Mr. Darby is done here!
text: Darby is hustled down the steps. The reporters surge to Nick,
text: surrounding him, shouting questions.
text: Nick looks over their heads and glimpses Clyde getting on a
text: bus. The door closes, the bus pulls away...
scene_heading: 13 INT. NICK'S HOUSE - NIGHT 13
text: Nick enters. Dark. He drops his briefcase by the door.
scene_heading: 14 INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 14
text: REFLECTED IN THE MIRROR: KELL, Nick's wife, is just out of
text: the bath, wearing a robe and toweling her hair.
text: Nick enters behind her. She cranes back for a kiss, keeps
text: toweling her hair in the mirror. He hugs her from behind,
text: buries his face in her neck. Drained.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Shit day?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Shit day. Better now.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How's she doing?
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Fine. She drove me a little crazy
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: She was busy?
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: In overdrive. Here. Feel.
text: He reaches around, slowly unties her robe, pulls it open...
dialog: ...revealing her pregnant belly. (Our angles have avoided
text: this till now.) He places his hand, feeling for movement.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Of course she stops kicking the
dialog: moment you get home.
scene_heading: 15 INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT 15
text: SLOW TRACKING SHOT finds them in bed, Nick with his head on
text: Kell's chest. Pensive.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 11.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I had to say some things to a man
dialog: today I didn't want to say. And I
dialog: did something I didn't want to do.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: You didn't lie to him. Or bullshit
dialog: him. Or shine him on.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: None of those things.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: So you had your reasons. You did
dialog: what you had to. It's not your fault
dialog: the world sucks.
text: Nick smiles, eases his face to her belly.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You in there. Listen up. Your mother
dialog: just said the world sucks. You may
dialog: wanna rethink this whole thing. My
dialog: advice? If you're asking? Just stay
dialog: in there. I promise you, nothing
dialog: will ever make as much sense as it
dialog: does right now...
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: What is wrong with you?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: ...plus there's shit you don't need
dialog: to know about. Rap. Internet porn.
text: Madonna's entire back catalog.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Did someone drop you on your head?
dialog: Seriously. I have swollen ankles
dialog: and all I do is pee. That baby's
text: coming out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (weighs that)
dialog: Okay. I'm sure you heard that. Then
dialog: again there are the Beatles. 70's
dialog: funk. Louie. Ella. Be a shame to
dialog: miss those.
dialog: (beat, getting serious)
dialog: All right, kid. Bring it on. But
dialog: when you're old enough for the world
dialog: to disappoint you, I hope you won't
dialog: blame your old man for bringing you
dialog: into this mess. Give me that at
dialog: least.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 12.
scene_heading: 16 INT. BEDROOM - DAWN 16
text: Nick and Kell asleep. She's no longer pregnant -- it's now
text: ten years later. A long beat of quiet...
text: A small face peers in from the hallway. EMMA, their 10 year-
text: old daughter. She darts in, puts her face to Nick's.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Huh? Wha--?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You know what it is?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (hollering)
dialog: IT'S MY BIRTHDAAAAAY!
text: She jumps up on the bed, bouncing up and down and dancing
text: around, hollering at the top of her lungs:
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: IT'S MY BIRTHDAY, IT'S MY BIRTHDAY,
dialog: IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!
text: Nick and Kell are too groggy to do anything but ride it out.
text: Emma sails off the bed and vanishes out the door, hollering
dialog: all the way up the hallway:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'M SO COOL IT'S MY BIRTHDAAAY!
text: Nick and Kell are left groping with blankets, heart rates,
dialog: and consciousness:
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Glad it's once a year.
scene_heading: 17 INT. KITCHEN/BREAKFAST AREA - MORNING 17
text: Nick and Emma finishing breakfast, getting ready to leave,
text: Kell packing Emma's lunch at the counter:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Why can't you be here?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's a work thing. Grownup stuff.
dialog: You know that happens sometimes.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 13.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But it's...
dialog: (draws sneakily close)
dialog: ...MY BIRTHDAAAAAY!
text: He claps his hand over her mouth.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I believe we've established that. I
dialog: let go, you'll stop reminding me?
text: (she nods, he lets go)
dialog: We'll celebrate this weekend. Tonight
dialog: is all about your friends. Knock *
dialog: yourselves out, don't give mom any *
dialog: grief. I'll try to be home in time
dialog: to tuck you in, okay?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Okay. But what are you doing tonight
dialog: that is more important than...
text: She's doing that "sneakily drawing close" thing again. Nick
text: holds up his finger, cautioning her to say it quietly.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (leans in, whispers)
dialog: ...my birthdaaaaay.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Something he'd get out of if he
dialog: could. Here. Take lunch. Grab *
dialog: backpack. We go. *
text: Emma grabs her stuff, kisses dad, races from the room. Kell
text: grabs her keys to follow, kisses Nick goodbye.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Nice evasion. Thanks.
scene_heading: 18 EXT. RURAL ROAD - DUSK 18
text: Cars are traveling an old service road...
scene_heading: 19 INT. TOWN CAR - DUSK 19
text: Nick's in back with Cantrell. The years have left Cantrell
text: 90% blind; his glasses are beyond Coke bottle-thick.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 14.
text: Between them sits Betsy the German shepherd, now ten years
text: old, wearing a guide-dog harness. She looks miserable wearing
text: a big cone-shaped POST-SURGERY COLLAR.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How long she have to wear this stupid
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Till the stitches heal. Week or
dialog: two.
dialog: Nick dotes on the dog, they're old pals:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Poor honey. Sucks, doesn't it? But
dialog: you're very pretty. Yes, you are.
dialog: Even with a radar dish on your head.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: There they are. Like clockwork.
text: ANGLE SHIFTS TO Sarah -- much more confident and power-suited
text: than last time we saw her -- riding up front with the driver.
scene_heading: 19A EXT. AERIAL ESTABLISHING - GEORGE HILL PRISON - LATE DAY 19A*
text: The car pulls up to the gate as CAMERA RISES to reveal the *
text: new facility positioned right next to the old one... *
scene_heading: 20 INT. EXECUTION CHAMBER - NIGHT 20
text: The condemned, RUPERT AMES, is placed against the upright
text: execution table and buckled in. The table is tilted back to
text: vertical. All Rupert can do is lay there and watch, as:
text: MEDICAL TECHS swab his arms with alcohol, prepare the needles,
text: find his veins. The needles are inserted, taped off. The I.V.
text: lines are attached. Very methodical.
text: The techs leave the room. The curtain is drawn aside, revealing
text: the big window that separates the chamber from:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 15.
scene_heading: 21 INT. VIEWING ROOM - NIGHT 21
text: Nick and his colleagues are among SEVERAL DOZEN WITNESSES
text: seated in chairs. They watch as WARDEN IGER faces Rupert.
speaker_heading: WARDEN IGER
dialog: Rupert Ames. Do you have anything
dialog: to say?
text: Rupert doesn't have much of an IQ and he's scared shitless,
dialog: but he does his best:
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: I'm here. Clarence Darby ain't. And
dialog: that ain't right. 'Cause that man
dialog: is evil, ain't no other way to say
dialog: it. All them things he done, and
dialog: him turn witness against me for it.
text: He pauses, trying to untangle his thoughts.
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: I did wrong too. I guess I'll pay
dialog: up. But it was always him sayin'
dialog: jump and how high, and I just went
dialog: along. Now he's killin' me and he
dialog: got you people to do it. And that's
dialog: a shame. A goddamn shame. And...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...and I guess that's all.
text: Nick trades a look with Sarah. Cantrell is stoic.
text: Warden Iger nods to TWO GUARDS manning the LETHAL INJECTION
text: MACHINE, on which EIGHT OVERSIZED GLASS CYLINDERS in a vertical
text: row are the main feature, filled with various clear liquids.
text: There are two switches -- one a dummy, the other live (no way
text: to know which is which). The guards power up the machine.
text: Lights activate on the board. Each man grabs a switch, waits.
text: Nick watches the wall clock. It hits 7 o'clock. The warden *
text: nods and the guards flick their switches, quickly leaving the *
text: room. The warden follows them out, closes the door.
text: We hear the pumps quietly activate. Rupert is taking shallow
text: breaths, terrified...then lays back to wait.
text: PLUNGER ONE slowly descends, emptying its contents into the
dialog: I.V. lines...
text: Rupert sags as the fast-acting barbiturate spreads through
text: his veins...his breathing slows...his head drops back... he
dialog: loses consciousness...
text: PLUNGER TWO depresses, sending the second vial of liquid into
text: the I.V. lines with a quiet whir of pumps...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 16.
text: PLUNGER THREE activates...then PLUNGER FOUR...the row of
text: cylinders emptying in sequence...
text: Rupert lies unconscious, just drifting away...
text: He suddenly comes to. He draws in a long, shaky breath. It
text: catches in his throat. His eyes go wide. His entire body starts
text: to clench against some increasing pain.
text: Nick is surprised, uncertain. Betsy starts GROWLING SOFTLY at *
text: Cantrell's side. Her head comes up, hackles rising. *
text: Nick glances to the dog...then to Iger, sees the stunned look
text: on the warden's face. Something is definitely wrong.
text: The pumps keep whirring, the plungers keep descending...
text: Rupert he throws his head back, mouth wide...
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: Ah...ah...AH!
text: The witnesses go tense, confused -- what the hell?
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: Ah--ah--Jesus, don't that HURT!
text: Rupert looks down at his arms, his expression turning to sheer
text: horror, because: The veins are turning angry red, then
text: blackening, as the liquids course through them...
speaker_heading: RUPERT
text: OH FUCK, OH FUCK, THAT HUUUURTS!
text: Those are last coherent words he speaks. From then on, he's
text: just shrieking and bouncing against his straps, because:
text: His veins are starting to smoke. Noxious and foul. The flesh
text: starts giving away, blood eating though skin like acid.
text: Shock sweeps the onlookers:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: What's going on? Nick?
text: People are on their feet. Horror and incomprehension.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Nick, goddamn it, what?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don't know!
text: Rupert is fast becoming a horror:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 17.
text: It's going down his arms and legs, up his neck, infusing his
text: ears -- a nauseating discoloration courses through his body,
text: using his veins as a road map, going from red to yellow to
text: black like bruises birthing spontaneously before our eyes...
text: People in the room scream, turning away. Nick pushes his way
text: to the viewing glass, shouting at the techs:
speaker_heading: NICK
text: WHAT THE FUCK'S GOING ON? DO
speaker_heading: SOMETHING!
text: The techs dash into the chamber -- but are instantly gagging *
text: and choking on the toxic fumes billowing from Rupert. They *
text: retreat coughing, pulling the door shut again. *
text: Rupert's screams spew forth toxic fumes...breath blows smoke
text: from his nostrils...eyes liquefy...he's arching against his
text: restraints so hard that bones begin snapping, blood spewing
text: and smoking through his skin...
text: All Nick can do is stand at the glass in horror as whatever
text: is happening runs its course and the victim collapses in a
text: cloudy, toxic haze...
scene_heading: 22 EXT. PRISON YARD - PARKING AREA - NIGHT 22
text: Drained and waiting: Nick sitting against the town car.
text: Cantrell across from him with Betsy at his side (the guide
dialog: dog will always be at his side in this movie, specified or
text: not). EMERGENCY LIGHTS are swirling all around them.
scene_heading: A PARADE OF PEOPLE descends: DETECTIVE DUNNIGAN, Sarah, Warden
scene_heading: Iger, COPS, PRISON STAFF. Intense:
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: We're still trying to sort through
dialog: this thing.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Gentlemen, we face a terrible
dialog: shitstorm of scrutiny in the days
dialog: to come. We need answers. Start
dialog: with what we know.
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: Lethal injection is a series of
dialog: drugs given in a specific order.
dialog: Somebody had to have replaced one
dialog: or more of those ingredients with
dialog: something else.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: Industrial solvent? Acid?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Let's not guess, let forensics do
dialog: its job.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 18.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL *
dialog: How could the chemicals be switched?
dialog: We're in a goddamn prison! *
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: I'll ask because somebody has to. *
dialog: Is there any chance, no matter how
dialog: remote, that this was an accident?
dialog: A mix-up? Weird shit happens?
text: A beat of awkward silence. The warden hesitating.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Show them. The bad part.
scene_heading: 23 INT. PHONE JUNCTION ROOM - NIGHT 23*
text: Dunnigan brings our group in. ELECTRICIANS huddle at an array *
text: of circuits and trunk lines. In the dancing flashlight beams: *
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN *
dialog: Some kind of bypass on the phone *
dialog: lines.
text: Nick sees a CIRCUIT-BOARD spliced into the wiring.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN *
dialog: Twenty minutes before the execution, *
dialog: the prison stopped receiving incoming
dialog: calls and emails. Cell service went *
text: dark too. Signal was probably jammed.
speaker_heading: SARAH *
dialog: The bad part. I was just on with
dialog: the Governor's office. He commuted
dialog: Rupert Ames' sentence. They were
dialog: trying to call us to stop the
dialog: execution. They couldn't get through.
text: Nick and Cantrell are stunned as this sinks in.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: The Governor's incoming number
dialog: triggered this device and shut out
dialog: any further calls.
text: Cantrell removes his glasses, rubs his eyes. Softly:
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Oh, fuck me. Fuck me.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 19.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN *
dialog: One more thing. *
text: Dunnigan aims his maglight and swings the junction box cover
text: all the way open. Scrawled on the inside of the door in red
text: are the words: "HIS TONGUE WILL WAG IN HELL."
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: This mean anything to you? *
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN on Nick...
scene_heading: 24 EXT. PRISON YARD - PARKING AREA - NIGHT 24
text: Nick's LAPTOP sits on an unmarked car, streaming the D.A.'S
text: DATABASE by wireless. Nick taps the keys, as:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Clarence Darby. That's what he said
dialog: when he agreed to testify against
dialog: the man we executed tonight.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: "His tongue will wag in hell." Those
dialog: very words? It was ten years ago.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I remember it too. Some things stick
dialog: in your head.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Check the court transcripts, they're
dialog: public record.
text: DARBY'S MUGSHOT (ten years ago) scans up, along with pertinent *
text: info of that time. GARZA, Dunnigan's partner, peers at it. *
speaker_heading: GARZA *
dialog: I know this prick. I'm pretty sure *
dialog: he's one of our C.I.s.
text: Surprised looks are traded.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: You think, or you know?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 20.
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: That's not the name he uses now. *
dialog: But I'm pretty sure he's one of
dialog: Bernstein's informants.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Okay, raise Bernstein, I want
dialog: everything he's got, including an
dialog: address. We roll with tactical.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How about I ride-along? Give you a
dialog: fast, accurate ID on this guy?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Is that necessary?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You said yourself we should move
dialog: fast. This thing'll be all over the
dialog: morning news cycle. We'd all look a
dialog: lot better if we have the right man
dialog: in custody by then.
text: Off Cantrell's look...
scene_heading: 25 EXT. BRIDGE/CITYSCAPE - NIGHT 25
text: AERIAL SHOT: ANGLING DOWN to find a CONVOY OF POLICE VEHICLES
text: speeding across a bridge.
scene_heading: 26 INT. UNMARKED CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT 26
text: Garza driving. Dunnigan riding shotgun. Nick in back, putting *
text: on a tactical vest. A transmission comes over the car's *
text: dashboard computer: a MURKY NIGHTTIME SHOT OF A MAN in *
dialog: sunglasses and Hawaiian shirt. *
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: That's him. "Wayne Dunlap."
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Is that Clarence Darby?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I think so. Hard to tell.
text: Dunnigan scrolls the classified police data pertaining to the
dialog: informant: dates, number of convictions attributed...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 21.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Jesus, look at this. No wonder
dialog: Bernstein loves him.
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: We scored a lot of good intel off
dialog: this fuckhead through the years.
dialog: Almost a shame to bag the guy.
text: A snort from Nick. The cops glance back.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: A shame?
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: He's helped us put a lot of bad
dialog: people behind bars. Look. Arrests,
dialog: convictions...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I can read a C.I. profile. What I
dialog: see is an asshole dirty up to his
dialog: ears in the drug trade. So you cops
dialog: look the other way? He gets a free
dialog: pass as long as he keeps feeding
dialog: you convictions?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Isn't that what you did ten years
dialog: ago? Give this guy a free pass in
dialog: return for a conviction?
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: Maybe we played this asshole to our
dialog: advantage on the street, but you're
dialog: the one who put him there. So, no
dialog: offense, but you might wanna go
dialog: fuck yourself a little.
text: Nick stares at the man on the dashboard computer screen...
scene_heading: 27 INT. CLARENCE DARBY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 27*
text: ...who is indeed Clarence Darby, naked and drenched with sweat, *
text: taking a hit off a crack pipe. A woman's HAND flails up into
text: frame, trying to grab for it.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Wait...wait...
text: He sucks in a full breath, hands the pipe off to: LISA, the
text: thin tattooed skank he's got bent over his bed and is fucking
text: from behind. She flares the bowl with a lighter, barely
text: registering any reaction as he keeps pumping her.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 22.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Almost. Almost.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: This shit makes you soft, baby.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: (thrusting, grimacing)
dialog: Thank you...for stating the
dialog: obvious...you...bitch...
text: He grits his teeth. Screams. Finishes. He sags, catching his
text: breath, and glances at the PLASMA TV SCREEN, which has been
text: playing silently. He grabs the remote, unmutes the set:
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (V.O.) *
dialog: ...rumors the execution did not go
dialog: well due to technical flaws, but
dialog: that has yet to be confirmed...
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: "Did not go well." Way to go, Rupert.
dialog: You even fucked up dying.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You know that guy?
speaker_heading: DARBY
text: Knew. Past tense.
text: CELL PHONE RINGS, he answers.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Wayne?
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Depends. Who's this?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Somebody who doesn't want to see
dialog: you in jail. Look out your window.
dialog: (Darby hesitates)
dialog: Argue later. Do it now.
text: Darby goes to the window. Headlights in the distance. Lots of
text: them. He grabs binoculars off the sill.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV: VEHICLES
text: All cop. Racing this way. No lights, no sirens.
speaker_heading: DARBY
text: lowers the binoculars, stunned.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 23.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: There's a world of shit coming your
dialog: way. I'd get out the back. Now.
text: Click -- line dead. Darby frozen for a moment, looking around
text: at all the drugs and paraphernalia. He scrambles, tossing on
text: his pants, grabbing his shirt. Lisa jumps off the bed --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What?
text: She goes to the window, sees cars sweeping from the darkness.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Are those fucking cops?
text: Darby lunges to a bookcase, grabs a REVOLVER from behind the *
text: books, sails out the bedroom door...
scene_heading: 28 INT. DOWNSTAIRS - NIGHT 28
text: ...and races down the steps with Lisa at his heels.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You ain't leaving me here!
text: She catches him halfway across the room, holding him back. He
text: smashes the gun into her face repeatedly...
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: OFF'A ME!
text: ...and knocks her bleeding and crying to the floor. He sails
text: on through the kitchen, leaving her there...
scene_heading: 29 EXT. DARBY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 29
text: ...and bursts through the screen door, fleeing barefoot across
text: the back yard as VEHICLES AND COPS swarm the front of the
text: house. A cruiser nails him with a spotlight:
speaker_heading: COP VOICE
dialog: (over car speakers)
dialog: You! Freeze right there!
text: Darby, never slowing, swings his arm around, FIRING his
text: revolver blindly at all the lights...
scene_heading: 30 EXT. FRONT YARD - NIGHT 30
text: ...whoa, fuck, gunshots! Cops scramble and dive. Nick has
text: just gotten out of Dunnigan's car -- a cruiser's window takes
text: a blind hit nearby, exploding glass. Nick ducks, total shock, *
text: out of his element. Drawing, Dunnigan throws him to the ground. *
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: STAY DOWN!
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 24.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. BAD NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT 31
text: Darby runs like an amped-up rat in a maze, hearing cop cars
text: in the night: Engines ROARING, tires SQUEALING...
text: Suddenly, the SOUND OF A HELICOPTER above. Darby dashes for
text: cover against a garage, lost in shadow. A massively bright
text: searchlight sweeps from above, probing...
text: Darby crouches, heart hammering, watching the searchlight
text: scan over rooftops. His phone RINGS, he answers:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Ditch the gun. Wipe the prints.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Kiss my ass.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I heard six shots. Revolver? Bring
dialog: extra ammo?
text: Darby glances at the gun, realizing. He bangs his head back
text: against the garage wall in frustration -- fuck!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You shot at cops. That's attempted
dialog: murder if they find the gun on you.
dialog: You're in deep enough without that.
text: Darby frantically wipes the gun with his shirttail, as:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You'll need my help getting out.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: What'll it cost me?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: We'll discuss terms later. Go south,
text: across 10th. Past the El tracks.
text: Alley behind the clinic.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: What's there?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: A cop. Take his ride, he won't give *
dialog: you any trouble.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: 'Cause I tasered his ass. You gonna
dialog: keep asking questions?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 25.
text: Click -- line dead. Darby breaks cover, heaves the gun into
dialog: somebody's yard, keeps moving...
scene_heading: 32 EXT. DARBY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 32
text: Chaotic with cops and lights. Lisa is dragged out, shrieking
text: and bleeding, her face a broken mess. ANGLE TO Nick watching
text: it all unfold. He sees Dunnigan approach:
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: No way he's getting out of this
dialog: neighborhood.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 33
text: Darby finds a POLICE CRUISER parked in the moonlight, window
text: down. Dark inside. A LOCAL COP is sprawled across the front
text: seat...groaning, coming to.
text: Darby jumps in, passenger side, wrestles the cop upright. He
text: yanks the cop's service revolver, slapping him awake.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Drive.
text: Darby reaches over and keys the engine to life.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Drive, fucker! I'll put your brains
dialog: on the dash!
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (disoriented)
dialog: Don't shoot! Don't hurt me, okay?
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Depends on you. Go.
text: The cop hits the gas. Tense moments go by as they accelerate
text: up a dark road. Darby ducks as COP CARS stream past.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. DARBY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 34
text: Dunnigan and Nick tense, hearing a VOICE over the radio:
speaker_heading: COP VOICE
dialog: (heavily filtered)
dialog: ...air unit three...see no sign of
dialog: suspect...think we lost him...
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: (keys mic)
dialog: Keep sweeping the area, unit three.
dialog: (to Tactical Commander)
dialog: Go house-to-house. Check everything. *
text: Garages, dumpsters, storm drains... *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 25A.
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: You gotta be kidding me. *
text: Dunnigan -- angry, at a loss -- doesn't reply. Cops are *
text: scrambling in all directions. *
text: Nick turns, steps TOWARD CAMERA INTO A TIGHT SHOT, gazing off *
dialog: into the darkness. Something very weird just happened here, *
text: but he has no idea what. Softly: *
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: How could we lose him? *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 26.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. INDUSTRIAL ZONE - NIGHT 35
text: Tracks and factories, remote and deserted. Far away, the POLICE
text: COPTER is still buzzing, searching...
text: The police cruiser appears, stops. Darby emerges with gun and *
text: flashlight leveled, motions for the cop to get out. The cop *
text: complies with hands raised, shaking.
speaker_heading: DARBY
text: In the ditch.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: ...please...don't kill me...
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: Knees. Let's go.
text: Darby shoves him stumbling into the ditch. The cop sinks to
text: his knees and starts to weep.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I'll never see my wife and little
dialog: girl again. I'll never see them.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: It's fucked up.
text: Darby steps closer, draws the hammer back, takes aim for a
text: head shot...but his PHONE RINGS. He pulls it fast.
speaker_heading: DARBY
dialog: This my guardian angel?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hello?
text: On his knees in the muck, the cop's quiet weeping becomes
text: soft laughter. He brings up a cell phone, speaks into it:
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I see you got out okay.
text: Darby draws back, confused, gun still aimed. The cop snaps
text: his cell phone shut, rises to face him.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: You know why I'll never see my wife
dialog: and daughter again?
text: He takes his hat off, peels his moustache away. Darby pins
text: him with the flashlight, finally and fully revealing:
speaker_heading: BENSON CLYDE
dialog: You took them from me.
text: Recognition floods Darby. He pulls the trigger, and:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 27.
text: Nothing. Just a click, Darby freezing, a hiss of pain. Not
dialog: comprehending. *
text: Clyde reaches for the gun, pries open Darby's fingers, pulls
text: it from his grasp... revealing the TINY NEEDLES that sprang
text: from the pistol's grip into Darby's palm.
text: Darby stares at his perforated palm. His knees give out and
text: Clyde catches him, eases him to the ground. *
speaker_heading: 36 OMITTED 36*
speaker_heading: THRU THRU
dialog: 38 38
scene_heading: 39 INT. FARM SHED - NIGHT 39*
text: ANGLE: A head encased in a hood. The hood is pulled off,
text: revealing Darby -- eyes wide, lying on a rough table. Benson
text: Clyde leans over him, checks his pupils.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Can't speak?
text: He displays the prop gun rigged with the needles.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Tetrototoxin. Fascinating stuff. It
dialog: paralyzes you, but leaves all other
text: neurological functions intact.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 28.
text: He sets the gun down, starts rooting through some instruments
text: that Darby can't see (though he's straining to).
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: That means you can't move. Or talk.
dialog: But you can see. Hear. Feel.
dialog: (busying himself)
dialog: That last one's important. Feel.
dialog: You can feel everything.
dialog: (glances at bottled drugs)
dialog: Got some other items here. Drugs to
dialog: revive you in case you pass out.
dialog: Stuff like that.
text: Darby almost manages to speak, thrashing weakly. Clyde leans
text: over, checks his pupils again.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Wearing off a little. No worries.
text: He tucks a padded block under Darby's head like a pillow,
text: raising his head so he can see better. Clyde moves down the
text: table, tightens straps holding Darby down. But the worst part:
text: TOURNIQUETS are tied on Darby's arms and legs at various
text: points. Darby sees them and starts hyperventilating.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Oh. These. Don't want you bleeding
dialog: out. This will take a while.
text: Clyde puts on a thick coat, like a meat-packer's. He returns,
text: sorting implements, Darby trying to see. Clyde obliges him,
dialog: holding things up:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (pliers)
dialog: Teeth.
dialog: (hacksaw)
dialog: Balls.
dialog: (bolt cutter)
text: Fingers. Maybe toes.
dialog: (scalpel)
dialog: Eyelids. In case you insist on
dialog: shutting your eyes.
text: Darby's screaming -- but with the tetrototoxin in his system,
text: all that's coming out is air, like a slow leak.
text: Clyde picks up an object, unfolds it -- a full-body plastic
text: coat. He puts it on over his other coat, as:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Earlier on the phone? I said I'd
dialog: get you out? You asked me what it
dialog: would cost? Well.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 29.
text: He finishes buttoning up, crosses back to the table, raises a
text: new object into view: a CIRCULAR POWER SAW. *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: We'll start with an arm and a leg.
dialog: Go from there.
text: Pause. The reality of what he's about to do washing over him: *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I've been waiting to say that line *
dialog: for years. But it wasn't very funny,
dialog: was it? No. Played much better in
dialog: my head. Maybe it's my delivery.
text: He puts a construction-site face protector atop his head, the
text: kind with a full plastic face shield that can be flipped down. *
text: He turns and undoes the slipknot of a laundry cord stretching *
text: up to the ceiling. He feeds the cord and a full-length mirror *
text: tilts down horizontally above the table. Darby finds himself *
text: staring straight up into it -- he'll see everything. *
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM BEHIND VIDEO CAMERA
text: The CAMERA'S LCD SCREEN looms large in our shot. The LCD is
text: dark, the camera inactive. It's mounted high on a tripod,
text: aimed down at the table. Clyde approaches b.g., pauses.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Gosh. My heart's beating. You? *
text: He flips his visor down -- dark, no face visible. He reaches
text: up, turns the camera on. The LCD screen activates.
text: ANGLE CLOSES IN until all we see is:
text: THE LCD IMAGE. Grainy in low light. Clyde, now faceless behind
text: the visor, crosses to the squirming figure on the table. We
text: hear the CIRCULAR SAW BUILD TO A HIGH SHRIEK...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: ...and the SHRIEKING SAW FADES...
scene_heading: 40 HOLD IN BLACK. 40
text: THE BLACKNESS OPENS UP -- we're in a cop car's trunk looking
text: up as the lid is opened. A FIGURE in a meat-packing coat looms
text: over us, faceless and scary behind a dark face protector.
scene_heading: ANGLE INTO TRUNK *
text: reveals OFFICER HILTS hand-cuffed and duct-taped. He's spent *
text: the night in here. He recoils, terrified and blinded by glare. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 29A.
text: The figure opens a wicked-sharp butterfly knife, CLICK-CLACKS
text: it open. He leans down, slits the tape binding Hilts' arms,
text: drops the keys in the cop's hands.
scene_heading: 41 EXT. COUNTRY DIRT ROAD - DAWN 41
text: The police cruiser sits on a dirt road, a FEMALE DISPATCHER'S
text: VOICE issuing softly and incessantly from the radio:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 30.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE
dialog: ...unit twenty one, come in...unit
dialog: twenty one, please respond...report
dialog: your location...
text: The mysterious figure strides from the police cruiser to a
scene_heading: MIDNIGHT BLUE 1965 LINCOLN CONTINENTAL in superb condition,
text: shrugging off his thick coat. He gets in, hits the gas.
text: Hilts struggles to uncuff himself in the cruiser's trunk, *
dialog: arms and legs cramping, as: *
text: The Lincoln becomes a CLOUD OF DUST receding in the distance... *
scene_heading: 42 INT. NICK'S KITCHEN - MORNING 42*
text: Cleaning up the aftermath of the party: Nick up on a step-
text: stool taking down the birthday banner; Kell in her robe feeding
text: the dishwasher; Emma zooming in and out shuttling paper plates
text: and plastic cups into a big trash bag...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ...and while we were singing karaoke,
dialog: Ashley was all dancing around and
text: jumping up and down and suddenly
dialog: she gets this look on her face...
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: I saw it coming.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ...and suddenly she just went barf.
dialog: Total puke moment. And we were all
dialog: like, ewwww gross! It was so funny...
text: She's out of the kitchen to grab more stuff. Kell starts
text: preparing a bowl of cereal for Emma.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Funny for her. I cleaned it up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I had my "ewwww gross" moment last
dialog: night too.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Hey. I had a house full of shrieking
text: ten year-old girls.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey. I saw a guy's veins dissolve.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Honey. It's not a competition.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Okay, you win.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 31.
text: Emma re-enters, dumping more trash:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ...so Tara says that's what you get
dialog: for eating too much cake and that
dialog: almost made Ashley puke again...
text: The DOORBELL RINGS. Kell glances out the window.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Delivery.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (grabs her cereal)
dialog: I'll get it!
text: She runs out. Nick comes off the step-stool, gratefully accepts
text: a cup of coffee from Kell. He suddenly freezes, notices:
text: The kitchen TV is playing CNN: a top-of-the-hour story on the
text: Rupert Ames execution and foul-up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh, shit. We've gone national.
scene_heading: 43 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 43
text: At the front door, a MESSENGER hands Emma a GIFT BASKET
text: trailing mylar balloons with "Happy Birthday Emma" on them.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thank you!
text: She closes the door, turns toward us, finds a CARDBOARD
text: ENVELOPE on the basket -- a card? She opens it, finds:
text: Not a card. An unlabeled DVD.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. COUNTRY DIRT ROAD - DAY 44
text: LOCAL SHERIFFS (not city cops) are spreading out across the *
text: fields, beating the grass, looking for clues...
text: ANGLE TO Officer Hilts, blanket-draped and still rattled by
text: his night-long ordeal, being interviewed by a SERGEANT:
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: ...the suspect who tasered you last *
dialog: night...was it the same person who *
dialog: let you out of the trunk this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: HILTS
dialog: I never saw a face...either time...he
dialog: wore a thing, a face shield...
text: Suddenly, we hear a DISTANT VOICE shouting in panic:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 32.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sergeant! Sergeant!
text: Everybody's gaze snaps up, tense. Across the fields, a YOUNG
text: COP is stumbling away from a distant farm shed, pointing: *
speaker_heading: YOUNG COP
dialog: Come quick! You gotta see this!
scene_heading: 45 INT. NICK'S KITCHEN - DAY 45
text: Nick at the table with Kell, riveted to CNN: STATE OFFICIALS,
text: including Iger, are being grilled in a media frenzy. Cantrell
dialog: was right, it's a shitstorm of scrutiny...
scene_heading: 46 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 46
text: Emma, munching her bowl of breakfast cereal, slots the DVD in
text: the player. She backs up, hits play with the remote.
text: An IMAGE appears on screen, grainy. Emma looks perplexed.
dialog: It's not a normal DVD -- more like a bad home movie:
text: A figure in a plastic coat and face shield turns from the
text: camera to a table, where another man is strapped down.
text: The first man raises a circular saw. The man on the table is
text: thrashing weakly, trying to move. Emma still has no idea what
text: she's looking at. Suddenly:
text: The man with the saw makes a quick sweep across the table,
text: across the other man's leg at the shin. The move was so fast
text: and casual that it's taking a moment to sink in:
text: Emma stands frozen, clutching her cereal bowl.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Daddy?
text: B.G., we see Nick lean back in his chair, reacting to her
text: tone of voice...and by what sounds like a shrieking saw.
text: On screen, the man with the saw picks up the severed limb and
text: shows it to the victim. It's been lopped off below the knee.
text: Emma drops her bowl -- it shatters at her feet. Nick and Kell
text: enter behind her, confused, not sure what they're seeing...
text: On screen, the man with the saw lops off the victim's forearm.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Oh my God!
text: Emma turns, throws herself into her parents' arms. They drop
text: to their knees, shielding their sobbing daughter. PUSH IN ON
text: them staring at the shrieking saw...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 33.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: What the hell is this? Jesus Christ,
dialog: Nick! Turn it off! Turn it off!
dialog: (comforting Emma)
dialog: It's okay, baby, I'm here...
text: Nick lunges to turn off the TV as:
text: FROM THIS POINT ONWARD, WE PLAY THE SEQUENCE AS MONTAGE:
scene_heading: 47 INT. FARM SHED - DAY 47*
text: The door is swung open in a blaze of sunlight. The local cops
text: enter with pistols drawn and shotguns leveled. Faces go stark
text: with horror as their eyes adjust.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Oh my Lord.
scene_heading: 48 INT. A RENOVATED FARMHOUSE SOMEWHERE - DAY 48*
text: A RECORD is pulled from a sleeve. An old-school vinyl LP.
scene_heading: 49 INT. FARM SHED - DAY 49*
text: Cops easing in. ANGLE SWINGS QUEASILY AROUND as they enter,
text: WIDENING to reveal a scene of nightmare intensity: Blood
text: everywhere. Streaks. Spatters. And body parts. Strewn and
text: discarded. Intestines nailed to the rafters overhead.
scene_heading: 50 INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY 50
text: A RECORD PLAYER NEEDLE DROPS, hits the groove with a HISS of
text: vinyl. MUSIC STARTS TO PLAY LOUDLY, BOOMING through the space. *
text: FOCUS REMAINS WITH the spinning record. An OUT-OF-FOCUS FIGURE
text: in a rolling chair pushes away from the record player and
text: sails across the room toward a brightly-lit work table...
scene_heading: 51 INT. FARM SHED - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 51*
text: Cops are covering their mouths with handkerchiefs, gagging.
text: The stench is incredible. Flies are buzzing and swarming. One
text: cop turns away and doubles over, trying not to puke.
text: The Sergeant moves cautiously forward, finds: A HEAD. On the
dialog: wooden dissection table. Clarence Darby, not that you'd
text: recognize him. His eyes are gone. His lips are missing. His
text: teeth...well, most of them are scattered about.
scene_heading: 52 INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 52
text: A MINIATURE CIVIL WAR SOLDIER is held in extreme magnification
text: before us under a tabletop magnifier, the tip of a paintbrush
text: delicately evoking stunning detail...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 34.
scene_heading: 53 INT. NICK'S HOUSE - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 53
text: Emma is still sobbing into her mother's arms as Nick takes
text: the frame f.g., shouting into the phone:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: My daughter is traumatized! She's *
dialog: only ten! It's a goddamn snuff film! *
dialog: In my home! *
scene_heading: 54 INT. DETECTIVE'S BULLPEN - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 54
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: (motioning O.S.)
dialog: Price got a video of it happening
dialog: delivered to his house...
text: Dunnigan enters frame f.g., snatches up his extension. He
text: listens for a few beats, trying to get a word in:
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Yeah, we know. Nick, we know. The
text: body's been found. The pieces,
dialog: anyway. Call just came in.
dialog: (beat)
text: In some old shed on a farm outside *
dialog: the city. About a hundred and fifty
dialog: acre piece of property.
scene_heading: 55 INT. NICK'S HOUSE - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 55
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Belonging to who?
scene_heading: 56 INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 56
text: A GIANT EYEBALL stares at us, unnaturally magnified by a
text: tabletop magnifier. The lens is swept aside, revealing:
text: Benson Clyde. In addition to the tabletop magnifier, he's
text: wearing MAGNIFYING LENSES on his head. He examines the figurine
text: with his naked eye, then flips the glasses down to continue...
scene_heading: 57 EXT. COUNTRY HIGHWAY - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 57
text: VEHICLES race along two-lane blacktop: CRUISERS, UNMARKED
text: CARS, TACTICAL VANS. A POLICE HELICOPTER skims along just
text: above them at scary-low altitude...
text: The cars veer off pavement and up a dirt road, kicking up an
text: awesome trail of dust as the copter sweeps wide, pacing...
scene_heading: 58 INT. CARS - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 58
text: Tense faces: Dunnigan, Garza, Nick.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 35.
scene_heading: 59 INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 59
text: Clyde pauses, hearing a RUMBLE under the music. Glances up as
text: the rumble passes overhead -- a helicopter? He clicks on a
text: tiny fan, holds the figurine under it, giving it a final dry.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. FARMHOUSE - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 60
text: A shitstorm descends: vehicles swerving in, COPS jumping out,
text: machine gun-toting SWAT TACTICAL TROOPS pouring from vans...
scene_heading: 61 INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY (SONG CONTINUES) 61
text: Clyde, still holding the figurine under the whirring fan,
text: leans to one side in his chair, glancing out the window.
text: He glimpses scurrying figures behind cars, cops darting and
text: surrounding the house, motioning with hand signals...
text: He holds up the figurine for a final look. Satisfied with it,
dialog: he places it onto:
text: A CHESSBOARD -- the last piece. All the others are also hand-
dialog: painted, gorgeous. Real craftsmanship here.
text: He stands. Calmly moves to the middle of the room. Kicks off
text: his shoes. Peels off his shirt and undershirt. Even takes off
text: his pants. There will be no confusion about hidden weapons.
text: He positions himself, very precise and purposeful. Lifts his
text: hands high above his head. Presenting himself. Waiting.
text: Then, bam: doors EXPLODE in and windows SHATTER as the SWAT
text: tactical troops storm the room, bad-asses in black, machine
text: guns aimed, encircling him, everybody shouting:
speaker_heading: SWAT TROOPS
scene_heading: DO NOT MOVE--FREEZE MOTHERFUCKER--
scene_heading: DON'T EVEN TWITCH--WE WILL FIRE
scene_heading: UPON YOU--LET'S SEE THOSE HANDS--
text: Clyde is the calm eye of a pissed-off storm of highly
text: professional cops with itchy trigger fingers. He remains
text: serene, looking around at them, hands raised high...
speaker_heading: SWAT CAPTAIN
text: ON THE FLOOR! FACE DOWN! DO IT NOW!
text: He compliantly goes to his knees, then prone, offers his hands
text: behind his back. They move in, cuff him, as troops spread
text: throughout the house yelling "Clear!"
scene_heading: 62 EXT. FARMHOUSE - DAY 62
text: Nick, wearing his kevlar, follows Dunnigan and Garza. Nick
text: glances over and sees a perfect 1965 midnight-blue Lincoln
text: Continental in the carport...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 36.
scene_heading: 63 INT. FARMHOUSE - DAY 63
text: Clyde is pulled to his feet just as Nick enters. UNIFORMS
text: spread out, securing the house. Dunnigan faces Clyde...
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Benson Clyde. You have the right to
dialog: remain silent...
text: ...as the full Miranda is read, Nick and Clyde have their
text: eyes locked throughout -- this moment is all about them...
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: ...understand your rights as I have
dialog: explained them?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Yes.
text: Clyde is hustled outside, leaving Nick with Dunnigan and Garza
text: in the farmhouse -- it's renovated, clean, very loft-like.
text: Nick drifts to the table, sees the chess board, can't help
text: admiring the pieces. Then his eyes go to a floor-to-ceiling
text: bookcase. He's stunned to realize: they're all law books.
speaker_heading: GARZA (O.S.)
dialog: Check this shit out.
text: Nick turns, moves to Garza's side. Dunnigan joins them. All
text: three staring at a wall. ANGLE SHIFTS around to reveal:
text: The long-ago PHOTO (clipped from a newspaper) of Nick and
text: Clarence Darby shaking hands on the courthouse steps.
dialog: ANGLE WIDENS to reveal:
text: Photo after photo. The crime scene photos...photos of Clyde
dialog: and his family in happier times...photos clipped from magazines
dialog: and newspapers about the murder and trial...all very neatly
text: and precisely arrayed. The entire wall covered with them.
text: THE MUSIC KEEPS BOOMING from the record player. Dunnigan turns *
text: TIGHT TO CAMERA and yells:
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
text: CAN SOMEBODY TURN THAT FUCKING MUSIC
speaker_heading: OFF, PLEASE?
scene_heading: 64 INT. POLICE INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY 64
text: Clyde sits alone and isolated in a small room. WIDEN to reveal
text: Sarah at the observation glass. She turns as Nick steps up.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: He says he'll only talk to you.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 37.
text: Nick and Dunnigan prepare to go in. Dunnigan takes off his
text: gun and holster, lays them on a table, as Garza activates the
text: VIDEO. Cantrell finds a chair by feel, sits down, as:
speaker_heading: INNER ROOM
text: Nick and Dunnigan enter. Dunnigan melts into a corner to
text: observe as Nick sits across the table from Clyde.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Counselor.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Mr. Clyde.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Why so formal? We go way back. Call
dialog: me Benson. Or Ben.
text: Nick sits across the table from Clyde, settles in.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Well. I'm here. So?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: So. Maybe you can explain what this
dialog: is all about.
text: Nick almost laughs -- not what he expected to hear.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I think that's obvious.
text: Clyde spreads his hands questioningly -- not really.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: You murdered two people. Rupert
dialog: Ames and Clarence Darby.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (shifts his gaze)
dialog: Detective...?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Dunnigan.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Dunnigan. I thought I'd made it
dialog: clear I would only speak to the
text: gentleman across the table from me.
text: Dunnigan glowers at him, looks to Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You murdered two people. Rupert
dialog: Ames and Clarence Darby.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 38.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Darby? I knew about Ames, of course.
dialog: I've been following the news about
text: his horribly botched execution. But
dialog: Darby too? Quite a coincidence.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Cut the shit. We know you did it.
dialog: Save everybody a lot of time and
dialog: trouble and just confess.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Are you going to continue to insist
dialog: on being part of this conversation?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (beat, gives in)
dialog: Fine. Far be it from me to be rude.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Clarence Darby was found on your
dialog: property. Old abandoned shed? *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I didn't know I had one. It's 150
text: acres, uncultivated. The other day
dialog: I found a creek I never knew I had.
dialog: Hunters trespass all the time. You
dialog: going to try to pin the dead deer
dialog: on me too?
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION AREA
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I don't believe this guy.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: That man is frosty.
speaker_heading: INNER ROOM *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: It occurs to me that an even
dialog: moderately clever person could try
dialog: to frame me for the murder simply
dialog: by killing him on my property. One
dialog: of Darby's drug rivals? That's an
text: unsavory world.
dialog: (off Nick's stare)
dialog: A jury would have to weigh that
dialog: possibility. What else you got?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 39.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (temper flaring)
dialog: How about video of you dismembering
dialog: Darby while he was still alive?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: That's odd. See, if I were to do
dialog: such a thing, I'd probably wear
dialog: something so I couldn't be
text: identified. Some kind of mask maybe.
dialog: But you say it's actually me on the
dialog: video? Did the camera capture my
dialog: good side? *
text: Nick snaps, lunges across the table, grabs Clyde.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You sick fuck, you sent it to my
dialog: house! My daughter saw that video!
dialog: It fucking traumatized her! She
dialog: couldn't stop sobbing!
text: Dunnigan moves in fast, trying to pull Nick off (but failing):
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Whoa-whoa, Nick, ease off!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: No trouble here, Detective, we're
dialog: fine. Thank you, though.
text: Dunnigan backs off. Clyde turns back to Nick, who's still got
text: him in his grasp, their faces close.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Your daughter is, what, ten now?
dialog: That's a wonderful age. My daughter
dialog: was always so busy at that age, so
dialog: interested, so into everything.
dialog: Jumping around. I called her "Bean,"
dialog: she jumped around so much.
text: Nick is easing off by inches, subtly and ineffably weirded-
text: out, unable to break Clyde's gaze. Softly:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I am sorry, Nick, that your daughter
dialog: experienced that. You're right.
dialog: That video should not have arrived
dialog: that way. The person who sent it
dialog: should have thought twice.
text: Dunnigan moves in again, gently but firmly pulls Nick away.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Okay, enough.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 40.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Unless there's hard evidence tying
dialog: me to these crimes -- forensic or
dialog: otherwise -- why am I here? Why are
dialog: we having this conversation?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We know you did it.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: It's not about what you know. It's
dialog: about what you can prove in court.
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: Your words. Like when you called it
dialog: a justice system. You know the thing
dialog: about a system, Nick? Any system
dialog: can be played.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You think you can play us? You gonna
dialog: take me on?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Clarence Darby did. And I'm much
dialog: smarter than he was. Or you.
text: Nick advances, furious, held back by Dunnigan:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm gonna bury you, fucker!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (lunges to his feet)
dialog: That's it, that's what I want! That
dialog: fire in the belly! That's what I
dialog: wanted ten years ago! Do it, Nick!
dialog: Bury me!
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: (shouting at Clyde)
dialog: Sit down! Sit the fuck down!
text: Clyde does, settles in, speaking calmly:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Or. Set me free.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Did I stutter? Make your case. Or.
dialog: Shake my hand on the courthouse
dialog: steps and send me on my way.
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: I'll even make it easy on you. I
dialog: will confess, how's that?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 41.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're gonna confess.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Let's start tomorrow after a good
dialog: night's sleep. We'll all be fresh
dialog: and rested.
scene_heading: 65 EXT. CITY HALL COURTYARD - DAY 65
text: Nick paces agitated, with the group: *
speaker_heading: SARAH *
dialog: Ten years he's been planning this? *
dialog: Patient people make me nervous.
dialog: This? This freaks me out. *
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN *
dialog: Is he serious about confessing? *
dialog: What's his deal, is he crazy?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Confession or not, we're gonna nail
dialog: him on two counts of first-degree.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
text: Agreed, but softly. Nothing hard-
dialog: ass, no grand-standing. Kid gloves.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Kid gloves? He's a psycho with a
dialog: power saw.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Depending on who's writing the
dialog: headline, he's a grieving husband
dialog: and father who got revenge on the
text: men who murdered his wife and child.
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: Public sympathy is to be respected
dialog: and feared. This could blow up in
dialog: our faces if we're not careful. We
dialog: can't look like we're pissed off or
dialog: have an ax to grind.
dialog: (stops)
dialog: Are we pissed off? Do we have an ax
dialog: to grind?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 42.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Then stop acting like it.
text: Beat. Nick takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Okay. He got under my skin a little.
dialog: That's done.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. CITY HALL - DAY 66
scene_heading: STEADICAM TWO SILHOUETTES: We're following Nick and Sarah
text: through one of the pedestrian tunnels to the street:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: ...background check's gotta be
dialog: thorough, I want to know everything
dialog: there is to know about this son of
dialog: a bitch. Get all the ADAs on it,
dialog: tell 'em I better not see them
text: sitting around on their asses or
dialog: texting their pals...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: How about outside help? That P.I.
dialog: who helped us on the Jacovitz case?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah, he was good. And Hanson's *
dialog: always reliable. But try to limit
dialog: their hours, okay?
text: We find a MERCEDES at the curb -- Kell at the wheel, Emma in
text: back. Nick gets in. Sarah leans down, happy to see them. Emma's
text: face lights up -- the little girl obviously adores her.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Well, hello there beauty!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hey Kell! Hey Emma, how's my dynamo?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hi, Sarah!
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: We haven't seen you in so long it's
dialog: ridiculous. When are you gonna come
dialog: by for a visit?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Who needs a life, right? Talk to
dialog: your husband, maybe he'll give us a
dialog: day off one of these years.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Soon, huh? Seriously, we miss you.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 43.
text: Sarah blows Emma a big extravagant kiss. Emma returns it,
text: waves as they pull away. Nick and Kell glance back, happy to
dialog: see their daughter acting a bit more like her old self...
scene_heading: 67 INT. NICK'S HOUSE - NIGHT 67
text: Late. Nick, in t-shirt and pajama bottoms, comes up a dark
text: hallway with a file in his hand, rubbing his eyes. He comes
text: to his daughter's bedroom door, quietly turns the knob...
speaker_heading: EMMA'S BEDROOM
text: ...and finds the bed empty. Sheets thrown back.
text: Nick stands for a moment, every irrational fear he's ever had
text: washing over him. CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM fast down the hallway...
text: ...into the master bedroom, where he finds Emma sleeping with
text: Kell. He stands for a moment, heart hammering. Softly:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Fuck.
text: Kell stirs, sees him, puts a finger to her lips. In whispers:
speaker_heading: NICK
text: I saw her bed empty. Scared the
dialog: shit out of me. Don't know why.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: She had a bad dream. She wanted to
dialog: sleep with us tonight.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (feels his heart race)
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (stirs)
dialog: Daddy...?
text: He climbs onto the bed, cuddles up, Emma between them.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I had a nightmare. That man. *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I know. Shhh. We're all good. You're
dialog: safe. Nobody's gonna hurt you.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Especially not that man. Daddy's
dialog: gonna put him in jail forever. That's
dialog: what daddy does. He makes sure the
dialog: bad people stay locked away.
text: Nick lays there, listening...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 44.
speaker_heading: 68 OMITTED 68*
scene_heading: 69 INT. "THE DOME" - DAY 69*
text: A huge domed chamber. In the center of the floor stands a
text: smaller free-standing domed cage, like a bizarre birdcage.
text: Inside the birdcage: Nick and Garza wait. Garza mans a camera.
text: Outside the birdcage: Observers. Some (Cantrell and Sarah)
text: occupy floor-level, where the video monitors are. Others (Iger
text: and Dunnigan) are on a catwalk above that encircles the room.
text: A door opens and Clyde is brought into the birdcage. He gazes
text: around, checking his surroundings.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I admit I expected something more
dialog: modern. That jail downtown? *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Filled to capacity. It has been for
dialog: years. They had to re-open this for
dialog: the overflow. Part of it anyway. *
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: Welcome to the county jail annex. *
dialog: All new inmates come here. It was *
dialog: in the papers.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Right. Prison crowding. It's a
dialog: problem.
text: He sits. Nick joins him, pulls out a legal pad.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: For the record: You've waived legal
dialog: counsel. You've offered to confess
dialog: to the murders of Clarence Darby
dialog: and Rupert Ames. Yes?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: We'll get to that. First, what I'd
dialog: really like to talk about is the
text: cot in my cell. It's lumpy.
dialog: (off Nick's stare)
dialog: Hardly any padding? Steel springs?
dialog: Very uncomfortable?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 45.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I know what lumpy means. Sorry to
dialog: hear it. But we're not here to talk
dialog: about prison conditions, we're here
dialog: to talk about things you've done.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Start with things I haven't done.
dialog: Like get any sleep last night.
dialog: (beat, leans forward)
dialog: I said let's begin today fresh and *
dialog: rested. You recall my words? *
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: A bed in my cell.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: A bed. In your cell.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Yes, please. One of those Sleep-
dialog: Matic adjustables. Those are best. *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You want the variable temperature
dialog: control too?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: That would be nice.
text: Beat. Nick tosses his legal pad on the table, swivels around
text: in his chair to the observers up on the catwalk, spreads his
text: arms in a "help me" gesture.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Anybody?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
text: It's a steel cot! It's bolted to *
dialog: the wall! *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 46.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I'm sure they have a wrench. *
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: We also have rules prohibiting *
dialog: personal items such as beds. *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (looks to Nick)
dialog: Let me get this straight. You're
dialog: going to let a bed prevent this
text: confession from taking place.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You looking to deal? All right,
dialog: how's this? How about I don't kick
dialog: your fucking teeth down your throat?
text: Clyde is mildly taken aback. The cops tense up.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sorry, Jonas. Okay, kid gloves.
dialog: (to Clyde)
dialog: My daughter slept in our bed last
dialog: night. She hasn't done that since
dialog: she was six. You gave her nightmares.
dialog: So excuse me if I don't feel like
dialog: cutting any little deals today.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: My daughter can't have nightmares,
dialog: because she died with Clarence *
dialog: Darby's breath in her face. You *
dialog: gave him a reduced sentence and his *
dialog: freedom. All I want is a good night's
dialog: sleep.
scene_heading: 70 EXT. PRISON COURTYARD - DAY 70
text: Everybody's wound up, talking fast:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: This is bullshit. He's jerking our
dialog: chain big-time...
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: I can justify the expense. *
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: It's not just a bed. Every inmate *
dialog: here will be on the phone to their *
dialog: lawyer filing lawsuits for equal
dialog: treatment. Can you justify that? *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 47.
speaker_heading: SARAH *
dialog: (offering)
dialog: We give him a bed, he confesses, we *
dialog: take the bed away. At most it's one *
dialog: night. *
dialog: Cantrell weighs it, decides:
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: We're talking a high-profile double
dialog: homicide. Order the bed.
scene_heading: 71 INT. CELLBLOCK - CLYDE'S CELL - DAY 71
text: Clyde watches as MAINTENANCE MEN remove the unbolted cot from
text: the cell and his Sleep-Matic is rolled in.
text: CONVICTS watch, dumbfounded. Clyde's cellmate, a towering
text: Aryan Brother named DWIGHT DIXON, stands quietly amazed...
speaker_heading: CLYDE (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: Switching the drugs was easy...
scene_heading: 72 INT. "THE DOME" - DAY 72
text: Back in the birdcage:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I hacked the Fedex database, diverted
dialog: the package to me, made the switch,
dialog: sent the package on. It's automated
dialog: tracking numbers moving millions of
dialog: packages daily. Nobody's questioning
dialog: who receives what, or why.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: And the prison phones?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Get a phone company uniform, hack
dialog: the prison database, schedule an
dialog: official visit. They'll wave you
dialog: through the gate, like they did me.
dialog: It's simple if you know how things
dialog: work.
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: It's a system. You learn how it
dialog: works. You play it. Any system.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 48.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I saw him die. That stuff burned
text: his veins. He suffered terribly.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Score.
text: Nick flips to a new page on his pad.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let's move on to Clarence Darby.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (sits back) *
dialog: Hey, you like music?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (hesitates) *
dialog: Very much. Why? *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I could tell. I love music. All of *
dialog: it. It's like air in my lungs. So
dialog: the thing about Clarence Darby is,
dialog: I want my record collection and
dialog: player brought to me. The vinyl
dialog: discs as well as CDs.
text: Reactions all around the room. Iger leans forward:
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: Vinyl records and CDs can be broken
dialog: into shards. They make excellent
dialog: weapons. My answer to that one, Mr.
dialog: Clyde, is not no, but hell no. *
text: Clyde absorbs that, looks to Nick, as:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's a legitimate concern.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (beat, calls to Iger)
dialog: How about my ipod and speaker dock?
scene_heading: 73 INT. CELLBLOCK - CLYDE'S CELL - DAY 73
text: AN IPOD AND SPEAKER DOCK now occupy a small plywood shelf
text: attached to the railing outside Clyde's cell. A GUARD plugs
text: it in via a long orange extension cord.
text: ANGLE WIDENS to Iger, who turns to the bars and hands a remote
text: control through to Clyde. Dixon's watching balefully, as is
text: every inmate on the cellblock.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 49.
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: The player stays out here. You hand
text: the remote to the on-duty guard
dialog: every night at lights out. Those
dialog: terms aren't negotiable.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I appreciate your compromise.
text: Iger draws close to the bars. Quietly:
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: You looking to get your ass kicked?
dialog: (off Clyde's look)
dialog: By every inmate on this cellblock.
dialog: You keep this up, they'll take it
dialog: out on you. Harshly.
text: Clyde glances back to Dwight. Dwight's watching, glowering,
text: agreement in his silence. Clyde turns back to Iger.
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: Just trying to keep you alive in
dialog: here. That's all.
text: Iger walks away. Clyde aims the remote. MUSIC STARTS PLAYING.
text: He leans his head on the bars, listening, blissed. Cons all
text: over the cellblock are staring daggers at him.
speaker_heading: CLYDE (O.S.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: I took his fingers with a bolt
text: cutter. His toes with a pair of tin
text: snips. His balls with a hacksaw...
scene_heading: 74 INT. "THE DOME" - DAY 74
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: ...his penis with a box cutter. His
text: skin with a filet knife. His teeth
dialog: with pliers. His eyes...for those I
dialog: used my fingers.
dialog: (looks to Nick)
dialog: Check the video I made. All that
dialog: will match up. I kept him alive for
dialog: an hour, give or take. Time it.
text: Nick trades looks with the others in the room -- everybody
text: have what they need? People nod. Nicks closes his pad.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: My office types it up, you sign.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 50.
text: Nick rises, putting things in his briefcase. People get ready
text: to leave -- but Clyde motions Garza to keep it rolling.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: How about a signing bonus? The small
dialog: concessions you've made so far have
dialog: kept my cooperation flowing...why
dialog: not give me a reward for signing?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You don't want to sign, don't sign.
dialog: We've got you on videotape, we'll
dialog: go to trial. In ten years, when
dialog: your appeals are exhausted, I'll
dialog: attend your execution. I'll make
dialog: sure nobody tampers with the drugs.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Don't be such a hard-ass, Nick. I
dialog: don't want much. Just a good meal.
dialog: (directed at Iger)
dialog: The food here? Sucks. No offense.
text: Dunnigan glances at Nick and stifles a smile, enjoying where
dialog: this is going in spite of himself:
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: What do you have in mind?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: There's a place in town on Halston.
dialog: La Traviata. Ever been? *
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: It's a little above my pay grade.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You know it, don't you, Nick? *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I've eaten there. So? *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: They cater. Tonight, at 7 p.m., I *
dialog: would like my meal delivered to my
dialog: cell from La Traviata. With nice
text: silverware, crisp linens...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Not gonna happen.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Why not?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 51.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Because I have no interest in making
dialog: it happen. And you have nothing
dialog: left to bargain with.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: C'mon, Nick. We've just started
dialog: bargaining. You haven't even heard
dialog: what I'm offering yet.
text: This makes people pause. Something in the tone of his voice.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Miss Lowell? Is your laptop still
dialog: on? Would you please do a search?
text: She flips the laptop opens, dread mounting even though she's
text: not sure why, poises her fingers over the keys.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: William...Baxter...Reynolds.
text: Cantrell's quietly stunned as the name sinks in. Pin-drop
text: silence now. Laptop keys CLACKING SOFTLY. People frozen.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Who's William Reynolds?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Clarence Darby's defense attorney.
dialog: He brokered the testimony deal with
dialog: us ten years ago. He's been missing
dialog: now since...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: March of '06.
text: Sarah spins the laptop -- a photo of Reynolds, a story of his
dialog: disappearance. *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: Detectives Dunnigan and Garza will
dialog: like this offer, Nick. It'll clear
dialog: one of their department's missing-
dialog: persons files. And it'll solve them
dialog: their third homicide this week.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: How do you think I located Clarence
text: Darby after he got out of jail and
dialog: legally changed his name? Reynolds
dialog: told me -- though it took some *
dialog: convincing. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 52.
text: PUSH IN ON Clyde in the frozen silence...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You want the location of the body?
dialog: Tonight, 7 p.m., I get my meal *
dialog: delivered to my cell from La
dialog: Traviata.
speaker_heading: 75 OMITTED 75*
scene_heading: 76 EXT. ROOFTOP HELIPAD - FEDERAL BUILDING - DAY 76*
text: A HELICOPTER THROTTLES UP, everything moving fast: an FBI
text: FIELD TEAM, led by AGENT SAM DAVIES, emerges from a staircase
text: door onto the roof, where they are met by Nick and Dunnigan.
text: Davies dons his kevlar vest on the move toward the waiting
text: copter, everybody SHOUTING over the rotors:
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
scene_heading: SPECIAL AGENT SAM DAVIES, NICK PRICE
dialog: WITH THE D.A.'S OFFICE!
speaker_heading: DAVIES
text: NICK! TELL ME ABOUT THIS BODY!
speaker_heading: NICK
text: SUSPECT SAYS NEW JERSEY! ACROSS THE
text: STATE LINE! THAT MAKES IT FEDERAL,
dialog: THAT MAKES IT YOU!
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: (to another FED)
text: GET THE CAMDEN OFFICE TO HAVE A
dialog: GROUND TEAM MEET US!
dialog: (to Dunnigan)
speaker_heading: LOCATION?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
text: SUSPECT WILL GIVE US A GPS MARK!
dialog: WE'LL ADVISE YOU IN THE AIR!
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 53.
text: They get to the helicopter, feds loading in as Nick pulls a
text: business card, hands it to Davies.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: I'LL BE IN MY OFFICE! PLEASE CALL
text: ME! WE GOT A LOT OF PEOPLE HOLDING
text: THEIR BREATH ON THIS!
speaker_heading: DAVIES
speaker_heading: WILL DO!
text: Davies gets in, signals the PILOT. The copter takes to the
text: air, buffeting Nick and Dunnigan...
scene_heading: 77 INT. CLYDE'S CELL - DAY 77
text: TIGHT ON CLYDE. He looks up, speaking slowly and clearly:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: GPS position is as follows...
scene_heading: 78 EXT. AERIAL SHOT - DAY 78
text: FBI HELICOPTER THUNDERING over the city...
speaker_heading: VOICE ON RADIO *
dialog: ...delta niner foxtrot...GPS *
dialog: coordinates follow... *
text: The helicopter veers, banks into a steep turn...
scene_heading: 79 INT. D.A.'S OFFICE - DAY 79
text: Nick enters, moves through the bullpen. ADAs (assistant
text: district attorneys) are working and grimly focused. Nick pokes
text: his head into Sarah's office. She looks up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do we have so far? *
scene_heading: 80 EXT. PRISON - DAY 80
text: A HIGH-END DELIVERY VAN bearing the logo of La Traviata is
text: waved through the gate into the delivery entrance...
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.) *
dialog: He's got no next-of-kin. No family *
dialog: since his wife and daughter were *
dialog: killed...
scene_heading: 81 EXT. AERIAL SHOT - DAY 81
text: THE FBI HELICOPTER THUNDERS over beautiful green hills...
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: He's a tinkerer. Little inventions *
dialog: and gizmos...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 54.
scene_heading: 82 INT. NICK'S OFFICE - DAY 82
text: Nick gazing out the window, Cantrell seated with his dog,
dialog: Sarah reading the report thus far:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ...he holds two dozen patents that
dialog: have made him a lot of money the
dialog: last ten years. He's invested a lot
dialog: of it in real estate. Weird stuff.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Weird how?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Properties with no real value. Around *
dialog: airports, chemical plants. Stuff *
dialog: nobody wants...
scene_heading: 83 INT. CELLBLOCK - DAY 83
text: A CONVICT comes to his bars, peering out... *
speaker_heading: CONVICT *
dialog: Motherfucker...
text: ...because here comes the rolling La Traviata cart -- gleaming
text: domes keeping food warm, silver utensils, crisp linens, a
text: ROSE in a bud vase. A red-jacketed LA TRAVIATA WAITER is
text: pushing the cart, accompanied by GUARDS and Warden Iger.
text: More cons appear at their bars, faces peering, an angry grumble
text: growing in the cellblock as the cart goes by. The waiter's
text: looking around, nervous...
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: He votes. He gives money to charity,
dialog: mostly victim's funds...
scene_heading: 84 INT. OFFICE - DAY 84
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ...but he also gives a big chunk to
dialog: macular research.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: He donates to eye research?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: RPI. That's the charity you work
dialog: with, isn't it?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Huh. Strange.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 55.
scene_heading: 85 INT. CELL - DAY 85
text: The waiter, hemmed by guards, nervously reads the order:
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: ...consomm...sea bass...squab... *
dialog: New York strip, rare...a variety of *
dialog: pates...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Rack of lamb?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: ...oh, yes, rack of lamb...
scene_heading: 86 EXT. NEW JERSEY HILLTOP - DAY 86
text: THE HELICOPTER ROARS IN, lands. Davies and his men jump out.
text: AN FBI GROUND TEAM is waiting for them. A CAMDEN FIELD AGENT
text: runs up and points at the ground, shouting:
speaker_heading: FIELD AGENT
text: WE THINK WE'VE GOT A CAIRN HERE!
text: SOMEBODY LAID A BED OF STONES AND
dialog: PLANTED SOD OVER IT!
text: Davies signals his team. SHOVELS AND PICKS hit the ground...
scene_heading: 87 INT. CELL - DAY 87
text: ...while GORGEOUS FOOD hits paper plates. It's being slopped
text: unceremoniously from the fine china by the guards. TILT UP to
text: Iger overseeing this process, passing china and utensils to
text: the waiter, who's flustered:
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: You're bruising the crepes.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Life's a bitch, then you die.
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: ...no plates, they break into nice
dialog: jagged pieces...nothing sharp,
dialog: nothing that can be made sharp...no
dialog: forks, no knives, no spoons....lose
dialog: that carafe...we will have no
dialog: potential weapons of any kind this
dialog: evening, thank you...you can eat
dialog: with your fingers...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: The guards will think me gauche.
text: Clyde's got the rose, teasing his nose with it. All around *
text: the cellblock, inmates are shouting insults and threats...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 56.
scene_heading: 88 INT. OFFICE - DAY 88
text: Sarah is exiting, leaving Nick and Cantrell to stare at the
dialog: phone and wait for it to ring...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (calls after her)
dialog: Thanks. Keep digging.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. HILLTOP - DAY 89
text: Digging. Sod coming off, being set aside on plastic. FLASH
text: PHOTOS being taken. Stones being pried up...
scene_heading: 90 INT. CELLBLOCK - DAY 90
text: Waiter and guards exit with the cart. The entire cellblock is
text: SHOUTING. Iger pauses, gives a final glance back. Softly:
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: Idiot.
text: Then he too departs, as:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: aims his remote. MUSIC for dining. Clyde glances back at *
text: Dwight, who's poised and tense.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I suppose if I don't share, you'll
dialog: beat the shit out of me. Make me
dialog: squeal like a piggy. That sort of
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: Fuckin' A.
text: Clyde motions "join me, won't you?" They each take a seat.
text: Clyde passes Dwight a crisply-folded linen napkin. Dwight
text: tucks it like a bib. Clyde lays his on his lap.
text: A hurled object CLANGS off their bars. The cons are now
text: throwing things, hollering to raise the dead. Clyde cranks
text: the music a bit louder, motions for Dwight to dig in.
text: Dwight goes for it, cramming food in his mouth and grabbing
dialog: for more, fingers digging in...
scene_heading: 91 EXT. HILLTOP - DUSK 91
text: ...fingers digging in, pulling loose soil, prying stones. A
text: layer of soil is brushed aside to reveal:
text: A face. Embedded in the dirt. He's been there a long time.
text: FLASH PHOTOS highlight desiccated lips and teeth...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 57.
scene_heading: 92 INT. CELL - DUSK 92
text: ...lips and teeth -- Dwight chewing, laughing. Oddly enough,
text: he and Clyde seem to have started enjoying each other's
text: company. THE MUSIC PLAYS in bizarre counterpoint to: *
text: THE CACOPHONY of an angry cellblock -- if the cons weren't in
text: their cells, this would be a riot. All imaginable items are
text: being hurled through bars: toilet paper rolls, books, shoes,
text: clothes, all raining down, showering the cellblock floor...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I wonder what the little people are
dialog: eating tonight?
text: Dwight throws his head back and laughs...
scene_heading: 93 INT. OFFICE - DUSK 93
text: ...while, in deep silence, Nick unwraps a sorry-looking deli
text: sandwich, swaps his pickles for Cantrell's potato salad (their
text: long-standing ritual). They both keep glancing at the phone...
scene_heading: 94 INT. CELL - DUSK 94
text: ...as Clyde and Dwight indulge their food orgy. Dialogue is
dialog: not important, so we won't hear any -- we'll let the MUSIC *
dialog: take over and carry -- because it's all about tone:
text: They're laughing and talking, winding each other up. And the
text: more Clyde wisecracks, the more Dwight laughs.
text: Clyde finishes gnawing a lamb rack and says something to Dwight
text: about the ruckus. Dwight turns, glances out, as:
text: Clyde casually, but with purpose, lowers the bone onto his
text: lap -- adding it to one already there. He picks up a fresh
text: one, starts chewing the meat off...
scene_heading: 95 EXT. HILLTOP - DUSK 95
text: Dark enough now for flashlights. In the beams, we see the
text: body mostly excavated. Forensic team members gather, in gloves
text: and breather masks, getting ready to try lifting.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC TECH
dialog: Okay, let's see if we can get him
dialog: out in one piece...
text: ANGLE FINDS Davies at the helicopter, activity around him,
text: holding Nick's card and dialing a cell phone...
scene_heading: 96 INT. CELL - DUSK 96
text: Clyde laughing, chewing, gnawing that third bone. ANGLE CLOSES
text: DOWN as he brings it to his lap...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 58.
text: TIGHT REVEAL: His napkin wrapped tightly around his hand
text: provides padding for his palm. The two earlier bones are
text: already held between his fingers -- he places the third, makes
text: a fist -- and the bones now protrude from his clenched knuckles
text: like a trio of spikes.
text: TILT UP to Clyde...he reaches across, turns a paper plate
dialog: over to cover the crepes...
scene_heading: 97 INT. OFFICE - DUSK 97
text: The PHONE RINGS. Nick snatches it up. He listens, looks to
text: Cantrell...nods. They found the body.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. HILLTOP - DUSK 98
text: Behind Davies, B.G., the body's being extracted from the hole:
speaker_heading: FORENSIC TECH
dialog: ...gently on three...one...two...
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: (on cell)
dialog: --we'll have to wait for the autopsy
dialog: results, but--
text: WHAM -- the GRAVE ERUPTS as HALF A DOZEN BURIED CLAYMORE MINES *
text: pop like firecrackers, knocking Davies forward... *
scene_heading: 99 INT. CELL - DUSK 99
text: ...and Clyde lunges, face no longer laughing, the rolling
text: cart slamming into the wall as the lamb bones protruding from
text: his fist go slamming into Dwight's throat...
scene_heading: 100 EXT. WIDE LANDSCAPE/HILLTOP - DUSK 100
text: ...and the dust cloud cascades across the hillside... *
scene_heading: 101 INT. CELL - DUSK 101
text: ...and Clyde has Dwight pinned on the floor against the bars,
text: arm ramming like a piston, punching those bones into Dwight's
text: throat again and again, blood everywhere...
scene_heading: 102 INT. OFFICE - DUSK 102
text: TIGHT ON NICK holding the phone. He knows something awful
dialog: just happened on the other end:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Agent Davies?
scene_heading: 103 EXT. HILLTOP - DUSK 103
text: An open CELL PHONE lies on the grass. Feet stumble haltingly
text: into the shot. TILT UP TO:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 59.
text: Davies, dazed, staring offscreen in shock. Dust and smoke
text: billowing. People running, shouting...
scene_heading: 104 INT. CELL - DUSK 104
text: Clyde rises into the shot, calm now, covered with blood. He
text: unwraps the napkin from his hand, snaps it open, uses it to
text: wipe the blood from his face.
text: He takes his seat, positions the cart, uncovers the crepes
text: and resumes eating...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: 105 INT. PRISON COURTYARD - DAY 105
text: A steel gate slides open, revealing Nick. Flanking him are
text: Cantrell, Dunnigan, Davies (banged up and bandaged), Iger,
text: others. They move toward us with purpose, grim and resolute,
text: Sarah bringing up the rear with a young ADA named ROYCE.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why do you have him in the dome?
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: He killed his cellmate. We had to
dialog: separate him out.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: What's wrong with solitary?
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: We don't have the authority. Not
dialog: without a court order. This place
text: was re-opened under protest as it
dialog: is. Some areas are off-limits to
dialog: our use -- tied up in a legal
dialog: challenge by the ACLU as cruel and
dialog: unusual. Especially solitary.
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: It was nicknamed the dungeon...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: Get Judge Burch on the phone.
text: Sarah speed-dials as a GUARD lets them in...
scene_heading: 106 INT. "THE DOME" - DAY 106
text: Clyde waits in the birdcage, shackled. The group spreads into
text: the room, silence thick. Nobody will enter the birdcage this
text: time. Clyde occupies it alone -- owning it, in fact -- as:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 60.
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: Nice trick with the rack of lamb.
dialog: Didn't see that one coming.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why'd you kill your cellmate?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I claim self-defense.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Here's what I think. You suckered
dialog: us in. You ordered that meal for
dialog: the purpose of killing him.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
text: Which makes it premeditated. Again.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: And, again, you'll have to prove
dialog: that in court. As I've said before...
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: ...make your case. Or set me free.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: (pissed, moving forward)
dialog: Your booby-trap killed two of mine *
dialog: and put four in the hospital. That *
dialog: brings the total of people you've *
dialog: killed to six -- and be advised the *
dialog: Bureau does not suffer losing agents
text: in the field.
dialog: (turns)
dialog: We're done dancing. I have the right
dialog: to claim jurisdiction here, do I
dialog: not, Detective Dunnigan?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: That is correct, Agent Davies.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: (again to Clyde)
dialog: So. I'm gonna rendition your ass.
dialog: Rumor has it we have places that
dialog: make Guantanamo look like Disneyland.
dialog: Don't bother packing, you're gonna
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (beat, glances to Nick)
dialog: You see, Nick? That man is pissed!
dialog: That's what I'm talking about! No
dialog: deals, no compromise! You see?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I see you totally disconnected from
dialog: reality, that's what I see!
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 61.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (handing off phone)
dialog: Judge Burch with an answer for you.
scene_heading: 107 INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS - DAY 107
speaker_heading: JUDGE BURCH
dialog: I'm the ACLU's biggest fundraiser
dialog: in this state. You wanna put that
dialog: piece of shit in solitary? Good. As
dialog: far as I'm concerned, you can bury
text: him in the bowels of hell.
scene_heading: 108 INT. "THE DOME" - DAY 108
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thank you, Judge Burch.
dialog: (hangs up, looks to Iger) *
dialog: Consider your court order signed.
dialog: (moves to Clyde)
dialog: Freedom? Not likely. In fact, you
dialog: just bought a one room suite in the
dialog: dungeon. Very exclusive.
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: You'll have it all to yourself --
dialog: the first man down there in over
dialog: twenty years. Quite an achievement.
text: Clyde sinks with a sigh of resignation and defeat, rests his
text: head wearily on the bars. Nick moves in, speaking quietly:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're doing everything wrong. Making
dialog: all the wrong moves.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: It would seem that way.
text: The wording catches Nick -- but he dismisses it, turns:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sam. I know you got hit hard. I
dialog: know you're furious. But I'd like
dialog: my shot at prosecuting this case.
dialog: (off Davies' look) *
dialog: This started with us. Let me finish *
dialog: it. Give me that chance. *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I'm seeing fire in your belly, Nick.
dialog: I like it. Keep going. This is our
dialog: deal, after all...
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Let's not mistake this! This is not
dialog: about the two of you!
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 62.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Wake up, blind man! It's been exactly
dialog: that since I watched him shake
text: Clarence Darby's hand on the steps
dialog: of the Hall of Justice ten years
dialog: ago! The Hall of Justice!
text: His voice echoes off. In the silence that follows:
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: You wanna take this fuck down? Be
dialog: my guest. Whatever you need.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (bangs his bars)
dialog: That's the spirit, yes!
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: It's on you now, Nick. It's your
dialog: game to lose. Just don't screw up.
dialog: You do, they'll scapegoat you. That's *
dialog: how the justice system works. *
dialog: (to Davies)
dialog: Good call, Sam. Making me disappear
dialog: was a bad idea. You couldn't have
dialog: handled the blowback.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Blowback? *
speaker_heading: CLYDE *
dialog: Cause and effect. Your actions *
dialog: provoke reactions. The choices you *
dialog: make come back to haunt you. *
dialog: (off their looks) *
dialog: There are things I've set in motion. *
dialog: Dominoes that will fall. Didn't see *
dialog: the rack of lamb coming? Start a
dialog: list. All I can do at this point...if
dialog: I feel like it...is stop them from
dialog: happening. Ready to talk deal?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're insane.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: See how insane you think this is.
dialog: You're going to release me from
dialog: this place with all charges dropped
dialog: within twenty four hours...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Or what?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Or I start killing everybody.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 63.
scene_heading: 109 INT. SOLITARY WING - DAY 109
text: "The Dungeon" -- a small underground block of FIVE CELLS dating
text: back a century or more. A GUARD is spraying WD-40 into the
text: lock of a cell, trying to turn the key. It finally does, as:
text: Clyde is brought in. GUARDS have him on poles connected to a
text: leather collar around his neck, and they're none too gentle.
text: Clyde tosses a final glance back at Nick and Iger. *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: Clock's running, Nick.
text: ...and then he's gone, shoved inside.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. PRISON COURTYARD - DAY 110
text: Nick and the others exit the Dome, thoughts racing:
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: What can he do? We've got him boxed
dialog: in. He's isolated, for God's sake.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let's keep him that way. Strict
dialog: rules apply. Law says he gets one
dialog: hour outside his cell a day, that's
text: what he gets. Just one, under heavy
dialog: guard. The other twenty-three hours,
dialog: he's in that cell, he's a ghost, he
dialog: doesn't exist. No contact whatsoever.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: You think it was a bluff? *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We underestimated him before. I'd
dialog: like to know what this prick is
dialog: capable of.
dialog: (calls to Sarah)
dialog: Update on the background check?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Properties, investments, a few small *
dialog: businesses he owns -- a lot of it's *
dialog: hidden behind false names and shell *
dialog: companies, but we're still digging... *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That's it? Nothing else unusual? *
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: The last twenty years, he's been *
dialog: Joe Blow Citizen. But prior to that, *
dialog: we've hit a blank spot. He used to *
dialog: do consulting for the government, *
dialog: but we can't pin down what. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 64.
text: They absorb this -- especially Davies. All eyes go to him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What kind of government work leaves
dialog: a blank spot, Sam?
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: I'll make a few discreet calls. See
dialog: what I can find out.
scene_heading: 111 INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT 111
text: Expensive, upscale. We find Nick and Kell at a table. She's
text: got her menu, but her attention's really on Nick. He's toying
text: absently with his wine glass.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: Million miles away. Sorry.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Don't be. This guy's really doing a
dialog: number on your head, isn't he?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah. I guess he is.
dialog: (she expects more)
dialog: It's...killing his cellmate. I need
dialog: that to make sense.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Why? Happens in prison all the time.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah, I know, but...we're not talking
dialog: some gang-banger. This man is
dialog: precise. Does things for a reason.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: He's psycho. You said so yourself.
dialog: We saw it on that video. Psychos
dialog: don't need a reason, Nick. They're
dialog: just psycho.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Whatever. You'll figure it out. You *
dialog: always do.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thanks. I'm a poor excuse, though.
dialog: It's date night. You deserve better.
dialog: (a glance around)
dialog: Just wish you'd picked another *
dialog: restaurant. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 65.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: This is our place. You love it here. *
dialog: (as a waiter approaches)
dialog: You should have said something... *
text: She raises her menu -- yes, we're in La Traviata. And the
text: waiter is the same guy who brought Benson Clyde his meal:
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Have we decided?
text: Nick's CELL PHONE RINGS. He pulls it, checks the number, gives
dialog: them a look -- sorry, gotta take this.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sam? What is it?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not far, maybe six blocks. I'm having
dialog: dinner with my wife.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. CITY HALL - NIGHT 112
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Two words: doggy bag. Be in your
dialog: office in ten minutes. *
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nick, don't ask questions. I was on
dialog: the phone all day. Believe me when
dialog: I say we've got one shot at this.
text: He clicks off...
scene_heading: 113 INT. NICK'S OFFICE - NIGHT 113
text: ...and faces Nick and Cantrell in the dimly-lit office:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He's coming here?
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: So I'm told. It's called inter-agency
dialog: cooperation, but don't ask me what
dialog: agency because I wouldn't know.
dialog: This isn't even back-channels, this
dialog: is Theseus in the fucking Labyrinth.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: I just blew thirty years' worth of
dialog: favors today calling in this one
dialog: chit. I hope it's worth it. *
text: The desk phone RINGS. Nick answers, listens a beat:
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 66.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yes. Yes, we're all here. Downstairs?
dialog: Okay. Understood.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: He said not to take the elevator.
text: Off their puzzled looks...
scene_heading: 114 INT. CITY HALL - SPIRAL STAIRCASE - NIGHT 114
text: Huge, descending seven floors, circles within circles dropping
text: into darkness. Nick and Davies lead the way down. Cantrell
text: brings up the rear with his dog and cane...
speaker_heading: SPOOK (O.S.)
dialog: That's good there.
text: They freeze. Nick and Davies peer down. They start to make
text: out a FIGURE in the murky darkness one level below.
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: Which one of you is Davies?
text: Davies takes a step forward. THE SPOOK eases partially into
text: the light -- flinty gaze, military-style haircut.
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: You must be well thought of, Agent
dialog: Davies. I don't do this. But I was
dialog: asked nicely by the right people.
dialog: They briefed me on your problems
dialog: with Benson Clyde.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What are we dealing with?
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: Things I can neither confirm nor
dialog: deny. Things of which, if I'm asked,
dialog: I will disavow any knowledge.
text: The guys trade a look. Cantrell can't help chuckling.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: (to Davies)
dialog: You gotta be kidding me with this
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: He's not. Tell me you grasp the
dialog: implication of what I've said, or
dialog: we're done here.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: (smile fades)
dialog: Yeah. Okay. I get it.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 67.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What was Clyde? Some kind of spy?
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: Spooks like me are a dime a dozen.
dialog: Clyde was a brain. He ran a think-
dialog: tank, inventing things for use in
dialog: the field. Ways to kill people.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: You need to get rid of somebody.
dialog: It's not a situation where you can
dialog: get close. What do you do?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ask Clyde?
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: That's right. Ask Clyde. And he'd
dialog: figure something out. Gizmos,
dialog: strategy. He was good at it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How good?
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You play chess?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah. Tournament level in college,
dialog: matter of fact.
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: In my line, we use an aptitude
dialog: profile based on chess. A tournament-
dialog: level player like you can think
text: five to eight steps ahead of an
dialog: average player, did you know that?
dialog: Me, I think about ten steps ahead,
dialog: so I'd take you in a game.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What about Clyde?
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: Off the charts. If you're eight
text: steps ahead, he's twenty. Or fifty.
dialog: He's already got the game won on
dialog: the first move, you don't even know
dialog: you're playing yet.
dialog: (further into the light)
dialog: This cellmate he killed? You think
dialog: that was random? Bullshit. That was
dialog: a pawn taken off the board. If I
dialog: were you, I'd be trying to figure
dialog: out what the move was.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 68.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I have been. Any thoughts?
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: Top of my head? Was the cellmate
dialog: ever connected with this case? Or
dialog: with Clyde? Was anybody else in
dialog: that facility? Guards? Cons? The
dialog: janitor? Any connection at all, no
dialog: matter how remote. Because if Clyde
text: says he has things in play, he does.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Like what? He's locked up. What can
dialog: he do?
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: (gives him a look)
dialog: You're an average chess player,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Actually, I kind of suck.
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: I can tell. But I like your tie.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: Thank you. Father's Day.
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: There's this tie -- we call it the
dialog: Albert, after Albert DeSalvo. They
text: tiptoe in one night, thread a piano
text: wire with a ratchet gizmo into one
dialog: of your ties. Sounds crazy, but *
dialog: trust me it works. You put your tie *
dialog: on and all day long it slowly
dialog: tightens. You don't even notice
text: it's cutting off the blood-flow to
dialog: your brain. Then you drop dead.
dialog: Brain-dead or plain dead, doesn't
dialog: much matter at that point.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Clyde invented that.
text: The Spook melts back into the shadows. The guys crane forward,
text: trying to see. There's a brief spill of light below as a
text: doorway opens and closes...he's gone.
text: The three of them stand there absorbing everything they've
text: heard. Nick sits on a step. Quiet looks are traded...
text: ...and they all start taking off their ties...
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 69.
scene_heading: 115 INT. NICK'S HOUSE - NIGHT 115
text: Nick enters tie-less, subdued, distracted. Kell and Emma are
text: in the living room playing Scrabble.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Daddy!
text: Emma jumps up and runs over for a hug.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Mom said I could stay up late. Wanna
dialog: play Scrabble?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let me talk to mom first.
text: Emma returns to the couch. Kell comes to Nick, noticing his
text: weird vibe: he's looking around at the room.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sorry about date night.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: It's fine. You learn anything?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thing or two.
text: He moves up the hallway -- slowly, as if noticing the walls
text: for the first time, the picture frames, the light fixtures...
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: (following him)
dialog: Nick?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, I was thinking. Maybe you could
dialog: pack an overnight bag for you and
dialog: Emma in case you need to...you
dialog: know...spend the night in a hotel.
dialog: Or something.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Why would we wanna do that?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No reason. It's like a fire-drill
dialog: thing. You know. In case.
scene_heading: 116 INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT 116
text: He comes in, opens the closet, reaches up for some overnight
text: bags -- but pauses, drawn to his tie-rack inside the door.
text: He stares at the ties hanging in neat rows...starts touching
text: them, running his hands up and down the fabric...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 70.
text: Kell stands in the doorway watching. Wondering what the fuck
text: is going on. And getting a little creeped out.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Honey?
text: He freezes, feeling something in the seam of a tie. Runs his
text: fingers up and down, thinking something's in there.
text: Emma appears in the doorway too, at her mother's side. Both
text: staring now. They watch as:
text: Nick grabs a pair of scissors from Kell's sewing kit, carves
text: the tie lengthwise, rips it open, feverish and faster, finds
text: nothing inside but mangled fabric and thread and -- stops.
text: Looks back. Realizes they're staring at him.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
text: Nick pauses -- what the hell is he doing? He starts to regain
text: his sense, laughs at himself in amazement.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's okay, baby -- I'm fine, I
dialog: promise. Go back to your game.
text: Dubious, Emma departs. As soon as she's out of earshot:
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Seriously, Nick. What the fuck.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Nothing. I got paranoid for no
dialog: reason, that's all. I'm fine now. I
dialog: can't believe I let that son of a
dialog: bitch Clyde get to me like that.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Are you in danger? Are we?
text: The question hangs there -- the real question. *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm sure we're fine. *
text: He pulls his phone, speed-dials. *
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: I'll make goddamn sure. *
dialog: (beat, into phone) *
dialog: Sarah, roust the ADAs. Tell 'em *
dialog: we're pulling an all-nighter.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 71.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. PRISON COURTYARD - NIGHT 117
text: ADAs are parking their cars along the wall, directed by a
text: waving GUARD. ANGLE FINDS a lot of people: cop, prison, FBI. *
text: Sarah jumps out of her car and hurries over to Nick and the
text: others with a flock of EIGHT ADAs at her heels.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ready to turn this place upside
dialog: down?
scene_heading: 118 INT. PRISON ADMINISTRATION OFFICES - NIGHT 118
text: ...we find the ADA team spread around the bullpen, aided by
dialog: prison personnel and police advisors -- everybody's on
text: computers, or sorting heaps of paper files, etc.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: See if there's anybody locked up
dialog: here -- or working here -- ex-cop,
dialog: witness for the prosecution --
dialog: anybody who might have had anything
dialog: to do with the original Darby-Ames
dialog: case, or has any previous history
dialog: with Benson Clyde. Start with the
dialog: cellmate. Flag anything, no matter
dialog: how insignificant it seems...
text: JAMESON glances up in dismay from his keyboard.
speaker_heading: JAMESON
dialog: This could take days.
text: Sarah, grabbing a stack from a filing cabinet and slamming
text: the door shut with her hip, gives him a laser look:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We boring you, Jameson? You got
dialog: someplace to be?
speaker_heading: JAMESON
dialog: No, Miss Lowell.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (crossing the room)
dialog: Weekend plans? Cancel 'em! I don't
dialog: wanna hear any shit about it!
dialog: (on Jameson again)
text: Clack-clack, Jameson. Clack-clack.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 72.
text: Jameson dives onto the keys, starts clack-clacking. Sarah
text: gives Nick a nod -- she's got this in hand. Nick exits...
scene_heading: 119 EXT. PRISON GROUNDS - NIGHT 119
text: ...and finds a FORENSIC TEAM disassembling Clyde's Sleep-Matic
text: bed -- nuts, bolts, struts, electronics. The mattress is being
text: razored open, wadding pulled out and run under fluoroscopes.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: It used to be a Sleep-Matic
dialog: adjustable bed. Now it's not.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS them to a table where an FBI TEAM is focusing
text: all their skills and tech on Clyde's ipod and speaker dock.
text: The TEAM LEADER places the buds in his ears, listening.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do you have?
speaker_heading: TEAM LEADER
dialog: Rocky Mountain Way. Joe Walsh.
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: What do you want from me, it's a
dialog: fucking ipod.
text: The other agents snicker, not hiding their amusement, but: *
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: Tear it apart, make sure. Memory. *
dialog: Speakers. Wiring. Everything. *
scene_heading: 120 INT. CLYDE'S CELLBLOCK - NIGHT 120
text: GUARDS, FEDS, BOMB-SNIFFING DOGS -- they're cruising the
text: cellblocks, flashlights swiveling, beams catching the faces
text: of sleepy cons in their cells or at their bars...
text: We find Nick and Iger at Clyde's now-empty cell. TWO FBI *
text: emerge, shake their heads. *
speaker_heading: FBI FORENSIC
dialog: Blood stain. Few fibers. That's it.
speaker_heading: CONVICT
dialog: (sleepy, at his bars)
dialog: Warden, man, whassup?
speaker_heading: IGER
text: Everybody back to sleep.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (looks to Iger)
dialog: I want to see him.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 73.
scene_heading: 121 INT. SOLITARY WING - CLYDE'S CELL - NIGHT 121
text: Two doors: solid steel outer door, inner barred door. The
text: outer slides aside, reveals Nick outside the bars. Inside
text: stands a shadow, waiting: Clyde.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You're up early. Trouble sleeping?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It was a good bluff. But you're
dialog: done. Fucking with my head. Scaring *
dialog: my family half to death. Done.
text: Clyde moves closer to the bars, into the light.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Amazing, isn't it? How primal that
dialog: is. That pull? What a man is capable
dialog: of when it comes to his family? *
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: You strip away all the polite shit, *
dialog: that's what we're really about.
speaker_heading: CLYDE *
dialog: I hope you never face what it is to *
dialog: lose them, Nick. It's like dying
dialog: yourself. There's nothing worse.
dialog: That could play as a threat, of course -- but it's not. It's *
text: genuine. And pained. And sincere. And Nick knows it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Good night, Ben.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Good night, Nick.
text: And then the moment's gone and the mocking Clyde returns:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Is it casual Friday?
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: I've never seen you not wear a tie.
dialog: And that says volumes: Clyde's totally aware of what they've
text: been up to and is tickled by it.
text: The outer door GRINDS SHUT...
scene_heading: 122 EXT. PRISON GROUNDS - DAWN 122
text: Night has passed, day is coming. All the earlier energy has
text: dissipated into anticlimax and weariness. People straggle
text: across the yard in groups toward their vehicles...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 74.
text: Nick, Dunnigan, Davies, Iger -- all look whipped. Sarah
text: approaches, briefcase in hand, files under her arm.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We dug pretty deep for one night.
dialog: Still got a ways to go, but on a
dialog: first look? Nothing. Nada. Zip.
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: Well, that's good news.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So far. Now we double-down. Make *
dialog: absolutely certain. *
dialog: (nods after ADAs) *
dialog: Let them all sleep a few hours, *
dialog: then bring 'em back for round two. *
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Due diligence. My middle name. *
text: She trudges toward her car, following the ADAs toward their
text: vehicles. Nick trades relieved looks with the men -- everybody
text: coming down from a tense night. Davies shakes their hands:
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Fellas. For once, glad not to be of
dialog: assistance.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Love it when they cry wolf.
text: The men separate in different directions. Dunnigan catches a
text: glimpse of Sarah almost at her car -- she loses a page from
text: under her arm, which flutters away on the breeze.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: (calls to her)
dialog: Miss Lowell! Lost something!
text: She looks back, sees the page skittering slowly across the
text: ground. Weary, she blows a strand of hair from her eyes, sets
text: down her briefcase, walks back to get it...
text: Dunnigan smiles, keeps walking. The other men too. Nick stands
text: a moment, watching, then starts toward his car...
text: The ADAs are getting to their cars, pulling key fobs, aiming
dialog: them to unlock their cars...
text: Sarah is getting to the page, leaning down...
text: The ADAs are pressing the remotes, a CHORUS OF CHIRPS...
text: And WHAM -- the cars EXPLODE in a stunning SERIES OF
text: DETONATIONS, killing the ADAs, throwing bodies through the
text: air, kicking cars off the ground and flipping a few skyward...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 75.
text: Nick is knocked flat by heat and shrapnel ripping the air...
text: Sarah goes flying. An arcing car slams upside-down nearby on
text: a rocket-booster of flame and shattering axle...
text: And from this point on the visuals and sound are surreal: *
speaker_heading: NICK
text: pries himself off the ground, stunned, looking around, trying
text: to figure out what the fuck just happened. He's disoriented,
text: all sound muffled. Smoke drifting. Flames billowing.
text: Dunnigan runs up to Nick, shouting something. We can't tell
text: what, because Nick can't hear. Dunnigan sees Nick is alive,
text: turns and keeps going, running to help the others...
text: Nick looks over, sees bodies being pulled clear by responders,
text: men running in, beating at flames...
text: Nick, dazed, looks through the drifting smoke and sees Sarah
text: trying to sit up. There's something wrong with her leg.
text: Nick pulls himself to his knees, staggers to his feet as sound
text: filters back in: screams, shouts, the roar of flames.
text: He stumbles through the smoke to Sarah. She's on the ground
text: in shock, sobbing and flailing, crying out. Nick sees the
text: jagged piece of metal that slammed deep into her calf, nearly
text: severing it. He drops to his knees, tries to calm her:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're gonna be all right.
text: He pulls the metal from her leg -- mistake. Blood sprays. He
text: clamps down hard with both hands, blood going everywhere.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: MEDIC! I NEED A MEDIC!
text: He keeps clamping down, Sarah screaming and sobbing, as we
dialog: GO TO BLACK
text: 123 IN A SERIES OF FADE-TO-BLACKS, THE FOLLOWING IMAGES: 123
text: FIREMEN spraying the flaming rubble of the cars...
text: TANGLES OF WRECKAGE billowing smoke...
text: A BODY BAG dragged across the ground, added to a ROW OF BODY
text: BAGS awaiting transport...
text: EMERGENCY VEHICLES parked haphazardly, lights spinning...
text: COPS AND RESPONDERS dealing with the scene...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 76.
text: SARAH being wheeled on a gurney to a PARAMEDIC VAN by an EMS
text: TEAM, oxygen mask on her face, gravely injured but stabilized,
text: everything swirling around her, Dunnigan clearing a path...
text: NICK appears, takes her hand. She clasps it weakly. They load
text: her on and the vehicle pulls out with siren and lights...
scene_heading: 124 EXT. PRISON GROUNDS - DAY 124
text: Back to "real time" -- Cantrell is just getting out of his
text: town car with his dog. WE FIND Nick on his cell:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (on cell)
dialog: Baby. Listen. Don't be worried or
dialog: scared. But I want you to pack those
dialog: overnight bags... I don't have time
dialog: to explain now. Just do it, okay?
dialog: I'll call you back as soon as I can --
dialog: please, honey, I gotta go.
text: He clicks off as ANGLE COMES AROUND, revealing Davies and his
dialog: TEAMS coming his way:
speaker_heading: DAVIES
text: Each car had an explosive charge on
dialog: the gas tank.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He's got someone working with him.
text: On the outside. He's got to.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Not necessarily. Everything looks
text: pre-rigged.
speaker_heading: BOMB EXPERT
dialog: We found a short-range transmitter
text: beacon buried outside the prison
dialog: wall. When your people showed up
dialog: here and drove in through the gate,
dialog: the signal armed the bombs. *
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: He could have planted those bombs a
dialog: month ago.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: (grappling for sense)
dialog: No...no, we've got two dozen ADAs
dialog: on payroll. Those eight were picked
dialog: last night on the spur of the moment.
dialog: How could he know which eight would
dialog: show up?
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 77.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: He didn't. Our people just found
dialog: bombs on every car in your ADA pool.
dialog: All two dozen. We're disarming those
dialog: now.
scene_heading: 125 INT. "THE DOME" - DAY 125
text: TIGHT ON CLYDE shoved into the birdcage. The neck-poles are
text: disengaged. He moves forward, gazing through the bars...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I want a phone in my cell. If I'm
dialog: conducting my own defense, it would
dialog: be useful. Also in case you and I
dialog: need to be in touch, Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (glances at clock)
dialog: Your twenty four hours are about
dialog: up. In return for the phone, I'll
dialog: extend you another twelve hours.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: If not?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: How many more people die while you
dialog: stand around dithering? How many do
dialog: you get killed before my point starts
dialog: sinking in?
text: Cantrell closes in, tracking Clyde by voice:
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Motherfucker! Whatever point you
dialog: had was lost long ago! Eight kids
text: dead in that yard, most of them
dialog: just out of college! Eight! I have
dialog: to talk to their families. I have
dialog: to try to explain why their loved
dialog: ones are dead.
text: Clyde leans down, right in Cantrell's face, intense:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I've been waiting for my explanation
dialog: for ten years. So far...
dialog: (shouts)
text: ...NOBODY'S FUCKING BOTHERED!
text: Beat. Cantrell spits in his face, turns away trembling with
text: rage. Clyde calmly wipes it off, rises to address them all:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 78.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: If it hasn't dawned on you, this is
dialog: a war. As in any war, there will be
dialog: collateral damage. The question, as
dialog: always, is how much damage you're
dialog: willing to take before you withdraw.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Maybe I got a better idea. Maybe we
dialog: end this war right now.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Fourteen people dead! I have to say *
dialog: this out loud?
dialog: (moving toward Clyde)
dialog: Prisoners die in custody all the
text: time. Attacking a guard. Trying to
dialog: escape. Shit like that.
text: Clyde, eyes locked, pulls his shirt open -- here's your target.
text: Dunnigan, temper flaring, yanks his revolver and aims.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Don't tempt me.
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: Jesus Christ, man, dial it back...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Do it. It would be decisive. Stupid,
dialog: but decisive.
dialog: (off Dunnigan's look)
dialog: Can you handle the blowback,
dialog: Detective? The "shit like that?"
text: Nick's stunned, seeing the whole situation spiraling out of
text: control. He steps in, seizing the moment back:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Put the gun away! Are you crazy?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: (calmly reholsters)
dialog: It's an option. All I'm saying.
dialog: Risk the blowback. Ride it out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We're not risking anything. Or
dialog: letting him tear us down.
dialog: (to Clyde)
dialog: You're not getting us to throw out
dialog: the rules, like you. No way.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 79.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I like rules. I've wanted you to
dialog: follow them from the start. Like
dialog: the one that says you prosecute a
dialog: man who murders my family.
dialog: (re-buttons)
dialog: So. Rules. A phone buys you another
dialog: twelve hours. But if you haven't
dialog: cut my deal and let me go by the
dialog: deadline...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What? What then?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I'll kill someone in this room.
text: That sucks the air out of the conversation -- everybody stares
text: as that sinks in. Glances are traded.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Who?
text: He looks at the room full of people, scans their faces as if
text: trying to pick. He points his finger, starts going from one
dialog: end of the group to the other...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Eenie...meenie...miney...moe...
text: ...from person to person, to the end, moving back again...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: ...my mother...told me...to pick...a
dialog: person...and that...person...is...
text: He lands on Cantrell. Silence. Cantrell obviously can't see.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Who's he pointing at?
scene_heading: 126 EXT. PRISON COURTYARD - DAY 126*
text: Everybody on the move, emotions high:
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Fuck him. Let him try.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That's not helpful! We have fourteen *
dialog: dead! You could ask them what he's
dialog: capable of, but they're in no
dialog: position to answer.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 80.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: (beat, tight)
dialog: Point taken.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: We'll give him his phone. We'll tap
dialog: in and monitor every call.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Buys us another twelve hours, we
dialog: could use that right now. That puts
dialog: the deadline at...
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: ...about 7:30 tonight.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Shit. I'll be in front of a room
text: full of lawyers. The A.B.A. dinner.
dialog: I'm the keynote speaker.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No way. Find a replacement.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Until his deadline passes, you're
dialog: in protective custody. Not
dialog: negotiable.
text: Cantrell isn't happy about it -- but nods.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: And have them switch the location
dialog: of that dinner.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: That's last minute.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 81.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Exactly. He could have gotten your
dialog: schedule in advance -- been planning
dialog: to take you out at the dinner along
dialog: with everybody else. That eenie-
dialog: meenie act could have been horseshit.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: We have to get a few moves ahead.
dialog: Plan for every contingency.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: This way, Mr. Cantrell. Garza, you're
dialog: with Mr. Price.
text: They split up. Dunnigan leads Cantrell to an unmarked car
text: while Nick and Garza head toward Nick's. Nick's phone RINGS.
text: He checks the number, answers:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey baby -- no, I'm fine. Really.
dialog: Honey, calm down...
text: He listens a beat, calls to the men getting in the other cars:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Our shit just hit the fan in a big
dialog: way -- we're all over the news...
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yes, all eight died. Sarah's in
dialog: surgery right now...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...they think so, but...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...okay, I'll meet you there. Love
dialog: you.
text: He hangs up, aims his key fob -- and hesitates. He and Garza
text: trade a look, thinking the same thought. ANGLE SHIFTS to:
speaker_heading: BOMB EXPERT *
dialog: You're good. Car's been swept.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Of course it has. Thanks.
text: Nick, feeling foolish, presses the fob. Nothing but a tiny
text: CHIRP. He and Garza get in.
scene_heading: 127 INT. UNMARKED CAR (MOVING) - DAY 127
text: Dunnigan drives. Cantrell and his dog ride in back. Both men
text: tense and silent. TWO POLICE CRUISERS provide escort...
scene_heading: 128 INT. NICK'S CAR (MOVING)/EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY 128
text: Nick is pulling up toward the hospital, sees a TV NEWS VAN at
text: the entrance, a MINICAM CREW arguing with hospital security.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 82.
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: Go around. I'll get us in back.
text: Nick hits the gas, drives past the news van...
scene_heading: 129 INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 129
text: ...and they come past the nurse's duty desk. UNIFORMS are
text: stationed in the hallway. Garza pushes a path through:
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: Keep the press off this floor,
dialog: understand?
text: Nick squeezes past. The floor is busy. He finds Kell in the
text: waiting area. She looks up, spots him.
text: Kell rises. She and Nick pull into a tight embrace. No words
text: for a long moment. Kell's shaken, fighting tears.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Any word?
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: She's in surgery now. They're saying
dialog: she'll be okay.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thank God. That's good.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Good? You'll have to explain the
dialog: good part, Nick. I'm missing it.
dialog: This is crazy. What if something
dialog: happened to you? What would I say
dialog: to Emma? What would we do?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You didn't lose me. You won't. Does
dialog: the school know we're pulling Emma
dialog: out of class?
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: I called, yeah, but -- I'd rather
dialog: be here for Sarah when she wakes
dialog: up. Nick -- and for you. I want to
dialog: do something...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You are. Getting our daughter out
dialog: of harm's way. And yourself.
dialog: (calls to Garza)
dialog: Detective. Will you escort my wife,
dialog: please?
dialog: (to Kell)
dialog: There's not much time. I'll be there
dialog: to see you off. Okay? Please?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 83.
text: Kell reluctantly walks away with Garza, while: *
scene_heading: 130 EXT. CITY HALL - DAY 130
text: A media frenzy is brewing: TRUCKS pulling in, NEWS CREWS
text: gathering. ANGLE TO A REPORTER on-camera:
speaker_heading: REPORTER
text: ...reporting live from a tense scene
dialog: at City Hall...we have confirmation
dialog: of earlier reports that eight people
dialog: with the district attorney's office
dialog: were killed this morning in an
dialog: explosion at the County Correctional
dialog: Annex in George Hill...
scene_heading: 131 INT. D.A.'S OFFICE - DAY 131
text: Nick enters, finds the STAFF around the bullpen watching the
text: same live report. Everybody's in shock, a few are crying... *
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: ...details are sketchy at this point,
dialog: and names are being withheld...
text: People start noticing Nick. Royce comes up, looking dazed.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sarah's fine. That's the good news.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: Oh, God, that's a relief...
dialog: (calls to the others)
dialog: Miss Lowell is okay...she's okay...
dialog: Everybody reacts -- they needed a shred of good news.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: We've been getting calls from
text: upstairs. The mayor's people.
dialog: (off Nick's look)
dialog: Someone from our office has to make
text: a statement to the press. With Mr.
dialog: Cantrell absent, the mayor wants
dialog: you to do it.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 84.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (pause, thinking)
dialog: Royce...how much petty cash do we
dialog: have in the safe?
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: I don't know...four thousand?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Give it to me. And your cell phone.
dialog: I need to borrow it for a few days.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (beat, puzzled)
dialog: What do you want me to tell the
dialog: mayor?
scene_heading: 132 INT./EXT. CITY HALL - DAY 132
text: A FIGURE enters shot, pushes a door open into glaring daylight.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS him outside to a podium set up before a swarming
text: MOB OF PRESS shouting questions. ANGLE COMES AROUND to reveal:
text: Royce, nervous, leaning to the microphones.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: We in the D.A.'s office are still
dialog: reeling from the events of this
dialog: morning, as you can imagine. It's a
dialog: tragic day for us...for our city...
scene_heading: 133 EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM - DAY 133
text: Kell and Emma on the platform, Garza hovering nearby, CROWDS
text: swarming around them as boarding calls come over the P.A.
text: system. Kell is looking around, anxious.
text: Nick appears on the platform, hurrying. They see him. Emma
text: runs, throws herself into Nick's arms as he crouches.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I wanna see Sarah...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, hey...she's fine, don't be
dialog: scared. That's not allowed. And
dialog: there's no reason for it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: This sucks.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Why do we have to go?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 85.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: 'Cause your mom wants to see a few
dialog: Broadway shows. You gonna begrudge
dialog: her that?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're kinda full of shit, Dad.
text: Nick's taken aback -- not sure whether to laugh. He trades a
text: look with Kell, who's too tense with worry to care.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Okay, you're right. Maybe I am a
dialog: little. But only a little. The part
dialog: you can believe is that this is all
dialog: going to be fine. Sarah, us.
dialog: (directed at Kell)
dialog: I mean it. Okay?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Okay.
text: She detaches from her father. Nick rises to Kell, pulls an
text: envelope, hands it to her...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No credit cards. Too easy to track.
dialog: Meals, hotel, whatever -- pay cash.
text: ...then takes her cell, swaps it for Royce's...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'll keep this. It can be traced.
dialog: Use this one instead. Don't answer
dialog: unless you see it's me. *
speaker_heading: P.A. VOICE
text: FINAL BOARDING CALL FOR NEW YORK
scene_heading: CITY DIRECT, FINAL CALL...
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Emma's right. This sucks.
text: She embraces him, fears and emotions swirling.
speaker_heading: KELL
dialog: Be goddamn careful.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 86.
text: She breaks the embrace. Nick stands, watching them get on the
text: train. The doors close. The train starts out...
text: Nick turns. Garza's been watching -- a look of sympathy for
dialog: what Nick's going through...
scene_heading: 134 INT. TRAIN - DAY 134
text: Kell and Emma on the train, watching buildings slide by outside
text: the window. Kell troubled, holding her daughter...
scene_heading: 135 EXT. AERIAL SHOT OF TRAIN - DAY 135
text: WE FOLLOW the train traveling a path through canyons of
text: buildings, leaving the city...
text: ANGLE SWAPS TRAIN FOR CAR as we drift over a bridge and find
text: Nick's car racing across the span... *
scene_heading: 136 INT. CANTRELL'S HOUSE - DAY 136
text: Nick and Garza enter. ANGLE COMES AROUND to reveal the house
text: swarming with HIGH-TECH FBI FORENSIC TEAMS turning the house
text: upside-down, tearing things apart, X-RAY SCANNING walls...
text: Cantrell sits isolated, near tears of frustration, as the
text: place is trashed around him. He glances up, hearing:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Jesus. *
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Nick? These guys won't even let me
text: pack a bag. Not even a toothbrush.
text: Davies enters frame, accompanied by FORENSIC TECHS -- not the
text: guys from downtown, but people who work serious ops.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: We have granules of an unidentified
dialog: substance in the ice-maker...
text: He holds up a drinking glass with a few ice cubes, runs a
text: black-light wand behind it -- dark granules become visible on
text: each pass, embedded in the ice.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: I'm betting something lethal.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: Like this salt.
dialog: (pours a small amount)
dialog: Not sodium chloride. Potassium
dialog: chloride. It's a neuro-blocker,
dialog: stops the heart -- they use it in
dialog: lethal injections. You'd be dead
dialog: before you got up from the table. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 87.
text: Nick tosses the others a grim look. *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm telling you, Clyde has someone *
text: working with him. Someone on the
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Who? Who could he have?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Somebody from his past. Could be *
dialog: that spook we met on the stairs, *
dialog: for all we know -- he'd know how to *
dialog: plant this shit...
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Him? No--why would Clyde let him
dialog: come talk to us?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: To fuck with our heads? To get us
dialog: to bring in our ADAs so he could
dialog: blow them up?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN *
dialog: It would be a Clyde move. But it's *
dialog: not proof.
dialog: (to Cantrell) *
dialog: Could he have planted this stuff in *
dialog: your house before he was arrested?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: I--I don't know...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Jonas, think -- last few days, have *
dialog: you used any ice? Any salt?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: (confused, grappling)
dialog: I don't use salt--my cholesterol.
dialog: Ice? Yeah--not long ago.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Before or after he was arrested?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: I don't remember! You track your *
dialog: use of ice, Nick? You keep a daily *
dialog: log?
text: TECH #2 calls from the kitchen:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 88.
speaker_heading: TECH #2
text: Heads-up! Looks like polonium here.
dialog: In his tea pot. Same way the Russians
dialog: killed Litvenenko. Took him two
dialog: weeks to die.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: It's an exotic isotope. All you
text: need is a trace amount. Rips through
dialog: your organs and bone marrow.
text: Nick's been listening, thunderstruck, paler by the moment. He
text: looks to Cantrell sitting there, quiet and shaking.
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: I'll buy you a new toothbrush. *
scene_heading: 137 EXT. AERIAL ESTABLISHING OF HOTEL - DAY 137
text: DRIFTING IN on a reflective glass skyscraper -- spectacular.
scene_heading: 138 INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY 138
text: The door opens, revealing Nick, Cantrell, et al. They come
text: into the room...actually, "room" undersells it. It's the most
text: spectacular suite known to man -- huge open floor plan, with
text: a stunning view of all the downtown buildings surrounding us.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Nice?
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: I'm actually a little jealous Clyde
dialog: didn't pick me.
text: Cantrell laughs -- and it lightens everybody's mood. Nick *
text: drifts to the windows, gazing out, as: *
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: It's the presidential suite. Last
dialog: person who stayed here was actually
dialog: a president. Of a country. Security
dialog: here is amazing.
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: It's not bad, Jonas. I think you
text: can muddle through.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: You're muddling with him. I don't
dialog: want you back at your house until
dialog: my people sweep it. You need pajamas,
text: buy some in the shop downstairs.
text: Nick nods, pulls Sarah's reports from his briefcase.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 89.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The background check my office was
dialog: compiling -- these properties we *
dialog: think Clyde owns? If he is working *
dialog: with somebody, they could be *
dialog: operating out of any of these. We *
dialog: should check them. *
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: I'll try to wrangle additional *
dialog: manpower. Big job. *
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: (pages the report) *
dialog: No shit. This is quite a list. Over *
dialog: forty locations?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's not even complete. Sarah was *
text: in the middle of it -- untangling
dialog: property ownership from under assumed
dialog: names, shell companies. She's the
dialog: expert on all that.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL *
dialog: Fellas... I'm grateful for all your
dialog: efforts. I just wanted to say it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Save it for tonight. Hope you're in
text: the mood for Chinese takeout.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That stuff in your house -- it's
dialog: all gone too far. I started this. I
dialog: owe everybody at least one last try
text: at defusing it.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. COUNTY JAIL ANNEX - DAY 139
text: A STEEL DOOR opens. Clyde steps out, shackled, blinking at
text: daylight. He comes down a short flight of steps...
text: CAMERA COMES AROUND to reveal his surroundings: not within
text: prison walls, but rather behind the prison -- a loading area
text: we haven't seen, comprised of fences and razor wire.
text: Nick walks in the rear gate, passed through by Warden Iger
text: himself -- this is clearly an off-the-books meeting. Nick and
text: Clyde walk to each other, meet halfway.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 90.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Interesting location you've chosen.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I thought we'd have some privacy.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: For what? A talk? Or...
dialog: (gazes around)
dialog: Maybe you've decided to take
text: Detective Dunnigan's advice.
text: He's noticing GUARDS atop the prison wall and surrounding
text: roofs -- all with sniper rifles.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Be the perfect place for it. Outside
dialog: the wall. Look like you were shot
text: trying to escape.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE FROM ABOVE
text: Nick and Clyde below. A SCOPE suddenly rises into frame,
text: turning our shot into a SNIPER SCOPE POV, jumping Clyde's
text: face into magnification. He smiles in the crosshairs...
scene_heading: RESUME NICK AND CLYDE
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You have some kind of signal worked
dialog: out? You scratch your nose and blam,
dialog: I'm a goner?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Might solve all your problems. What's
dialog: stopping you? Afraid of the blowback?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No. It's to prove a point.
dialog: (off Clyde's look)
dialog: Just because I have the power,
dialog: doesn't mean I have to use it.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Ah. Nice. Good one.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: One can show mercy.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Mercy. Right.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah. So why don't you?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 91.
text: We see Clyde's brain bend a little -- trying to wrap his head
text: around it. It's almost painful for him.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I think we've come a little too far
dialog: for that, haven't we, Nick? I mean,
dialog: what do I say? Sorry, my bad? Which
dialog: way to the execution chamber?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Don't give me that. Death doesn't
dialog: scare you.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (smiles "right")
dialog: Yeah, but...we're in the flow of
dialog: this now. You cry havoc, you let
dialog: slip the dogs of war, you go with *
dialog: it. You don't just stop because *
dialog: someone says hey wait. By then the
dialog: dogs are dragging you.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Until one side admits defeat. What
dialog: if I did that? What if I said...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...you were right. I was wrong.
dialog: What if I say I should have
dialog: prosecuted both men ten years ago?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I'd say you're making progress. You
dialog: should have, you know. Prosecuted
dialog: both.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'd have lost.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: With your head held high. And without
dialog: any blame from me.
text: Nick's CELL RINGS -- he turns away, answers:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She is? Great news. I'll stop on my
dialog: way back. And Royce? Put some get-
text: well flowers in her room, they sell
dialog: 'em in the lobby. Thanks.
dialog: (hangs up, baleful)
text: Six hours in surgery.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 92.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: But she's okay -- good. Miss Lowell
dialog: is a fine young woman.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, hey...your wife and little girl
dialog: get out of town all right?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (beat, staring)
dialog: You asking that question makes me
dialog: want to scratch my nose.
text: Clyde glances around at the snipers with a laugh.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Just a guess. It's what I would do.
dialog: Get 'em out, make sure they're safe.
dialog: (reproachful)
dialog: C'mon. Like I'd ever have hurt them
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: There are limits. Even in war. I
dialog: may be many things, Nick. But I'm
dialog: not Clarence Darby. I'm not Rupert
dialog: Ames. I'm not that kind of monster.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What kind are you?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Not the kind who'd hurt your wife
dialog: and child. Christ, look at me. Mine
dialog: were my salvation -- then they were
dialog: killed -- and all I had left was
dialog: this. Life without them in this
dialog: fucking charnel-house world.
text: Pause. Drawing close:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: It hurt to lose them, didn't it?
dialog: Your family. Even knowing they'd
dialog: come back.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Imagine knowing they wouldn't.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I can't. I can't imagine that. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 93.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Good. I envy you. For me, knowing *
dialog: mine won't come back is the only
dialog: thing that's crowded my thoughts
dialog: for ten years. If I could take a
text: rusty knife and cut out that part
dialog: of my brain, I would.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I won't make any more deals with
dialog: murderers. If hearing that makes a
dialog: difference...if that was the point
dialog: of all this...you've won.
text: We see Clyde's brain hurting again -- he's trying to believe
dialog: that, would like to believe that...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Counselor. I have no doubt, as we
dialog: stand here, that you really believe
dialog: that. I wish I could.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are we done? You gonna scratch your
dialog: nose, or can I go?
text: Silence now. Nothing left to say. They turn and walk in
dialog: opposite directions...
scene_heading: 140 INT. CLYDE'S SOLITARY CELL - DAY 140
text: ...and Clyde is brought in, locked into gloom as the doors
text: SLAM behind him. He stands, staring at the darkness...
scene_heading: 141 EXT. CITYSCAPE - DUSK 141
text: The sun is setting...
scene_heading: 142 INT. NICK'S CAR (MOVING) - DUSK 142
text: ...as Nick drives back into town, crossing one of the bridges.
scene_heading: 143 INT. HOTEL BALLROOM - DUSK 143
text: (Not Cantrell's hotel, but one close by.) A SIGN reads: "A.B.A.
text: Dinner." PEOPLE are entering, passing a GREETER. ANGLE FINDS
dialog: Judge Burch arriving...
scene_heading: 144 INT. JUDGE BURCH'S OFFICE - DUSK 144
text: A SECRETARY answers the ringing phone:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: Judge's chambers.
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE
dialog: Laura? Laura, that you?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 94.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I'm sorry, Judge Burch is gone for
dialog: the evening.
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE
dialog: Dang it. Listen, honey, I flew in
dialog: from Galveston for this A.B.A thing
dialog: Laura invited me to -- just got
dialog: here and they said it was moved.
dialog: You got a number, address, anything?
scene_heading: 145 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DUSK 145
text: Nick peers in. Sarah's in bed, leg braced, in traction. She's
text: awake but groggy -- which isn't stopping her from giving
text: instructions to Royce, who's scribbling notes at her bedside:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ...tell Hansen we need hard info on
dialog: those addresses...don't let the
dialog: shell game on ownership title slow
dialog: him down...at this point we'll take
dialog: educated guesses...
text: Sarah looks over, sees Nick step in, gives him a weak smile.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hey. Nice flowers. Thanks.
text: He comes to the bed, takes her hand, squeezes it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: This place has great drugs. Damn. I
dialog: should've totaled my leg long ago.
text: But her emotions are in turmoil -- she puts her hands over
text: her face, holding back a sob.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They're all dead?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm afraid so.
text: Sarah lets herself cry. Nick waits, then: *
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're alive. That counts for a *
dialog: lot. *
dialog: (beat) *
dialog: I'm sorry I put you in harm's way. *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 94A.
text: She absorbs that, angrily wipes her eyes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It wasn't you. It was that son of a
dialog: bitch. I hear he's threatened Jonas? *
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 95.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We're all over it. Jonas is safe -- *
dialog: out of reach. *
scene_heading: 146 INT. CANTRELL'S SUITE - NIGHT 146
text: Cantrell on the upper level, wearing brand-new sweats, white
text: cane tapping the unfamiliar place, Betsy at his side. He
text: follows VOICES around the corner...
text: Inside a room, Garza's playing poker with three other cops:
text: LASZLO, FLEMING, and MITRIUS.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: Who's winning?
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Laszlo, the cheatin' prick...
speaker_heading: LASZLO
dialog: Yer mama...
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: Wanna sit in?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: If I had my Braille set, I'd clean
dialog: you out. Not much of a game if you
dialog: have to tell me what my cards are.
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: Right...sorry.
text: The other guys toss Garza a look -- what a moron.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: People forget. No worries.
dialog: (turns away)
dialog: Enjoy your game, fellas.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Need help? Want one of us should
dialog: walk you down?
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: I'm good. Unfamiliar places take me
dialog: a little longer. But I get there.
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: (calls after him)
dialog: Holler if you need anything.
dialog: (back to the game)
dialog: Okay, who's in, who's out...
scene_heading: 147 INT. HOTEL BALLROOM - NIGHT 147
text: WAITERS setting out salads, guests taking seats, as:
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 96.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Good evening. Sorry for any confusion
dialog: our last-minute change of location
dialog: might have caused...
scene_heading: 148 INT. CANTRELL'S SUITE - NIGHT 148
text: That incredible city view -- skyscrapers all around, aglow
text: with lights. Cantrell enters frame, drawn to the glass...
text: A POLICE HELICOPTER IS ROARING slowly past out there, drifting
text: among the buildings at our eye level. Cantrell raises his
text: hand, places it on the glass, feeling the vibrations...
text: The copter's searchlight sweeps the windows, highlighting him
text: briefly with incredible light he can't see...
scene_heading: 149 INT. OTHER HOTEL BALLROOM - NIGHT 149
text: ...but we can see the copter going by from here, searchlight
text: playing over Cantrell's building -- which is plainly visible
text: just across the way.
text: ANGLE WIDENS to find Judge Burch at a table, as:
dialog: M.C.
dialog: ...please join me in a warm welcome
dialog: for our keynote speaker this evening,
dialog: Judge Laura Burch...
text: She rises and heads for the podium amidst APPLAUSE...
scene_heading: 150 EXT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT 150
text: Nick exits, arms loaded down with bags of takeout, talking on
text: his cell phone as he heads for his car:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: ...yes, you pain in the ass, of
dialog: course I got your kung-pao...you
dialog: think I'd forget...just don't give
dialog: Betsy any, I can't deal with dog
dialog: farts all night...
scene_heading: 151 INT. CANTRELL'S SUITE - NIGHT 151
text: Cantrell's sitting in front of that incredible view with Betsy
text: at his feet, on the phone:
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: How long, man, I'm starving...
scene_heading: 152 EXT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT 152
text: Nick gets to his car, checks his watch -- and pauses. The
text: time reads: "7:27." Nick is suddenly hit with a momentary
text: sense of dread. He glances up the street...
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 97.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: reveals Nick in deep f.g. looking up the broad avenue -- in
text: the distance stands Cantrell's skyscraper.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm minutes away. Relax.
text: Nick shakes off his misgivings, hangs up, gets in the car...
scene_heading: 153 INT. CANTRELL'S SUITE - NIGHT 153
text: Cantrell eases to the floor, sits with Betsy. He strokes her
text: fur. She WHINES, uneasy.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
scene_heading: 154 INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT 154
dialog: Judge Burch at the podium:
speaker_heading: JUDGE BURCH
dialog: ...Jonas was upset not to be here
dialog: with you tonight...a personal matter
dialog: came up...but he wanted me to give
dialog: you all his fondest regards...
scene_heading: 155 EXT. A ROOFTOP - NIGHT 155
text: ANGLE LOOKING UP at Cantrell's hotel -- a FIGURE steps into
text: our shot, his back to us. He pulls a cell phone from his
text: pocket, flips it open, sees the time: "7:29."
text: The thumb starts pressing numbers -- boop...boop...boop...
scene_heading: 156 INT. CANTRELL'S SUITE - NIGHT 156
text: ANGLE DRIFTING ACROSS THE FLOOR -- Cantrell and Betsy against
dialog: the incredible city view...
text: He finally gets fed up with that surgery collar she's worn
text: the entire movie, reaches around, unsnaps the plastic. He
text: puts the collar aside, gently ruffs her shaggy neck.
speaker_heading: CANTRELL
dialog: There. That's better.
text: He puts his arm around her, taking comfort in her presence. A
text: quiet, pensive moment...
scene_heading: 157 INT. NICK'S CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT 157
text: Nick driving, a block from the hotel now...
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 98.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT 158
text: ...as the FIGURE finishes dialing. The thumb hovers a moment,
text: then presses "send." We hear the call RINGING through...
scene_heading: 159 INT. CANTRELL'S SUITE - NIGHT 159
text: ...and Cantrell hears a strange SOUND...almost like a phone
text: ringing -- sort of close but not -- weirdly muffled.
text: He looks around, trying to pinpoint it. His head finally
text: swivels down to Betsy lying at his side. She's WHINING, getting
text: a little freaked, licking her stitches...
text: Cantrell's hand travels down her fur to her belly...fingertips
text: tracing the stitching...and what he can't see is the strange
text: glow building under her skin...
text: But he can sense it. His eyes widen slightly...
text: ...and WHAM! The room is swallowed in a DETONATION --
scene_heading: 160 EXT. CANTRELL'S FLOOR - NIGHT 160
text: -- which BLOWS OUT THE ROOM IN A HUGE EXPLOSION, the rows of
text: windows vanishing in a storm of flame and shattering glass...
scene_heading: 161 INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT 161
text: Judge Burch and the others gasp as the explosion lights up
text: the night from the building across the way...
scene_heading: 162 EXT. NICK'S CAR - NIGHT 162
text: Nick slams on his brakes -- he cranes forward, gazing up in
text: horror as the explosion is reflected in his windshield...
scene_heading: 163 EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT 163
text: The blast kicks from the face of the building, fireball rising
text: with eerie grace into the night sky, as:
text: The FIGURE steps into frame, pockets the cell phone. CAMERA
text: PIVOTS BEHIND him, losing Cantrell's building and bringing
text: the other hotel into view -- the one with the lawyers...
scene_heading: 164 EXT. NICK'S CAR - NIGHT 164
text: Nick jumps out, stunned. He runs up the street toward the
text: hotel as glass and debris rains onto the sidewalk...
scene_heading: 165 INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT 165
text: People crowd to the glass, staring out at the skyscraper across
text: the way -- at the smoking ruin that was once a floor...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 99.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT 166
text: ...and the FIGURE bends down, picks something up. He hefts it
text: onto his shoulder: a LAWS ROCKET-LAUNCHER. He flips up the
text: sight, takes aim at the other hotel, fires...
text: WHOOOSH -- the rocket streaks, leaving a contrail...
scene_heading: 167 INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT 167
text: FAST CUT: Judge Burch and those around her reacting as the
text: glare of the rocket approaches in a heartbeat --
text: WHAM! OUR SECOND EXPLOSION of the night takes out the ballroom,
text: killing dozens, blowing flame and debris across the room...
scene_heading: 168 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 168
text: Nick sees it: the contrail, the second blast, all of it. It
text: stops him dead in his tracks. Just overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: 169 OMITTED 169*
scene_heading: 170 INT. CANTRELL'S SUITE - NIGHT 170*
text: Garza and his guys come stumbling and bleeding from the room *
text: they were in. They get to the top of the stairs, find the *
text: front of the suite open to the windy sky outside...
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: (gasping on radio)
dialog: ...we need help up here... *
speaker_heading: GARZA
dialog: Jesus Christ. What the fuck hit us?
scene_heading: 171 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 171
text: Nick stares up, wondering the same thing as we
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: 172 INT. CITY HALL - GRAND CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 172
text: A 30-foot-high hand-painted domed ceiling above, an equally
text: huge ROUND TABLE below -- an imposing room that says power.
text: Nick is ushered in. A DOZEN OR MORE PEOPLE are seated -- top-
text: echelon city brass -- political, fire, police.
text: Also present are Davies and Dunnigan. (Dunnigan is not seated --
dialog: he's getting his ass reamed today.)
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 100.
text: The top dog: THE MAYOR. He's seething but not a screamer -- a
dialog: man who keeps it tightly reined:
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: We're worldwide news this morning.
text: Almost twenty dead, among them some
dialog: of this country's top attorneys. I
dialog: had friends in that room. Hell, I
dialog: almost attended myself.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The second explosion. I saw a rocket *
dialog: fired. *
dialog: (to Davies and Dunnigan)
dialog: Clyde does have somebody on the
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: MAYOR *
dialog: What you saw or think you saw is *
dialog: beside the point. What matters is *
dialog: that the FBI wanted to rendition *
dialog: this man out of my city. The reason *
dialog: he's still here causing havoc is
dialog: you. You wanted to prosecute this
dialog: case. Your ambition kept him here *
dialog: and provoked this tragedy.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: ...not entirely fair...
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Detective. Your job is hanging by a
dialog: thread. I'd think a man of your
dialog: experience would know when to keep
text: his mouth shut and his ass covered.
text: Dunnigan -- formidable though he is -- looks away, keeps his
text: mouth shut. The Mayor approaches Nick, looks him in the eye.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 101.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: When I go in front of the cameras
dialog: today -- unlike some people who
dialog: seem unwilling to do so when asked --
dialog: I'm going to make goddamn sure the
dialog: media doesn't hang this abject
dialog: disaster around my neck. Why? Because
dialog: I'm hanging it on yours.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're done. Gone. Fired. Non-
dialog: existent. Get the fuck out.
scene_heading: 173 EXT. CITY HALL COURTYARD - DAY 173
dialog: People going about their business.
text: Nick exits, dazed, comes down the steps. He sits on a step,
text: vacant -- a man completely at a loss and out of options.
text: His CELL RINGS. He rouses himself, flips it open.
speaker_heading: CLYDE (V.O.)
dialog: Hey. Some legal team from the mayor *
dialog: showed up here this morning. I hear *
dialog: you're off the case. Told you they'd *
dialog: scapegoat you, didn't I?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nick? You there? *
speaker_heading: NICK *
dialog: How'd you kill Jonas? I know about
dialog: the second explosion, I saw the
dialog: contrail, so I know you got somebody
dialog: working for you. But the first
dialog: explosion -- how?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Say you find a guy with a bad cocaine
dialog: problem. Hungry ex-wives. Greedy
dialog: mistress. Heavy gambling debts. *
text: ...a bizarre sound occurs on the line -- an unidentifiable
text: SHRIEKING SOUND that grows and rapidly dissipates...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Say that guy's a veterinarian. You *
dialog: hand him a million in cash, he'll *
dialog: do what you ask. Especially if he's *
dialog: looking to blow town for good...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 102.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (can't believe it)
dialog: It was...inside the dog?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You own the vet, you own the dog.
dialog: Explosive wasn't even that big.
dialog: Stuff I use, it didn't have to be.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hidden in plain sight. That's my
dialog: specialty. Haven't you figured that
dialog: out yet?
text: Nick sighs, rubs his eyes, can barely even speak.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What's next for you? Mulling career
dialog: options? I suppose law is out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm trying to get over my friend
dialog: being dead. Aside from that, fuck
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Fair enough.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll miss you Nick. It was a good
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Didn't bring your family back,
dialog: though, did it?
dialog: (off Clyde's silence)
dialog: Has it made you feel better? All
dialog: this? You done making your point?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Just warming up. This is Clausewitz
dialog: shit, my friend. Total war.
text: CAMERA PUSHING IN on Nick, listening, as:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I'm gonna pull the whole thing down.
dialog: I will topple the gleaming pillars
dialog: and drag the whole fucking diseased,
text: corrupt temple down on my head.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Stay tuned. It'll be Biblical.
text: Click -- line goes dead. Nick sits staring at the phone...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 102A.
scene_heading: 174 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 174
text: Nick enters, finds Sarah crying. A WALL-MOUNTED TV IS PLAYING
text: A NEWS REPORT of the explosions -- file footage of Jonas
text: Cantrell pops up. Nick drifts over, sits at her bedside, as:
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: ...going live now to City Hall where
text: Mayor Tilden is about to make a
dialog: statement...announcing, we're told,
dialog: among other things, the dismissal
dialog: of District Attorney Nick Price...
text: The IMAGE cuts to the Mayor stepping to the mic.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Thank you all for gathering on this
dialog: solemn and anxious occasion...
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 103.
text: Nick MUTES it. He and Sarah don't speak for long moments --
text: he's waiting for her to pull herself together.
text: She finally does, going into professional mode, pulling her
text: laptop and files and reports around her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We got the latest batch of background
dialog: in. Hansen and the other guy did
dialog: some good work here--
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sarah. Give it a rest. It's over.
dialog: We're done.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: I'm done. The mayor is nailing my
dialog: coffin shut. The best thing you can
dialog: do right now is distance yourself
dialog: from me as much as you can -- see
dialog: what you can salvage of your career.
text: Sarah is staring at him with "fuck you" in her eyes. She picks
text: up a multi-page list of addresses, hands it to him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: This lists over fifty shit-value
dialog: properties in industrial zones that
dialog: nobody in their right mind would
dialog: want to own -- stuff around chemical
dialog: plants, factories. All are owned by
dialog: Benson Clyde. Look at twenty-two.
text: Nick, not caring, scans down to:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: "Joe's Lube-and-Drive Garage." Went
dialog: out of business in '94.
dialog: (looks up, irritated)
dialog: Now why would Joe's extinct Lube-
dialog: and-Shit Garage be of the slightest
dialog: possible fucking interest to you,
dialog: me, or anyone?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (tight, pissed)
dialog: The garage, not so much. But the
dialog: address. Look at the location.
text: Nick looks down at the list again...staring...
scene_heading: 175 EXT. JOE'S LUBE-AND-DRIVE GARAGE - DAY 175
text: A shitty garage in a shitty industrial park. Bordering it, on
text: the other side of some fencing, are municipal train tracks.
text: Nick's car pulls up. He gets out. It's a ghost town here.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 104.
text: He goes to the garage window -- glass thick with dirt. He
text: wipes with his sleeve, but it doesn't help him see in.
scene_heading: 176 INT. GARAGE - DAY 176
text: TIGHT ON ROLL-UP DOOR -- a CAR JACK jams in under the lip. We
text: hear CRANKING and the door rises...
text: Nick drops down, peering in. He squeezes under the door, stands
text: up. Gloomy in here. He hits the door switch -- it RATTLES up *
text: on its tracks, flooding the place with light... *
text: He looks around. Cobwebs. Dust. A CAR under a tarp on the
text: hydraulic floor-lift. Old shelves and pallets of tools. Rust.
dialog: Grime. The crap of ages.
text: He sighs, turns and walks out...
scene_heading: 177 EXT./INT. GARAGE - DAY 177
text: ...and pauses. Something tickling his brain.
text: Suddenly, a SHRIEKING COMMUTER TRAIN blasts by -- gone,
text: dwindling. It was a bizarre, distinctive sound...like the one
text: Nick heard during his last phone call with Clyde.
text: Nick stands frozen, pieces in his head tumbling and threatening
text: to fall into place. Something about the shape of that car
dialog: under that tarp...
text: He turns, staring at it. Goes back in, drawn to it -- it's
text: long, distinctly old-school, with sharp boxy corners...
text: He draws the tarp off -- finds a 1965 Lincoln Continental,
text: midnight-blue, in excellent condition. The last time he saw
text: it, it was parked in a carport at Benson Clyde's farmhouse.
text: What's it doing here? More pieces falling into place. Nick
text: leaves the garage again, walking out...
text: CAMERA TRACKS HIM across the tarmac, and as we come around
text: the corner of the building, we reveal:
text: The County Correctional Annex is right there, a backwater
text: corner of the prison not sixty feet away...
text: Nick stares up at it -- a very curious location indeed.
scene_heading: 178 INT. GARAGE - DAY 178
text: FAST CUTS: Nick searching...behind shelves...the toilet...in
text: closets...the grimy little office...
text: He stops. Looks at the car. There's a mechanic's pit below
text: that hydraulic lift. He goes to the control, hits "up"...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 105.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM MECHANIC'S PIT
text: Nick's face comes slowly into view as the hoist rises...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: IN BLACKNESS, WE HEAR: Boop-boop-boop...a cell being dialed.
text: The line RINGING. A voice answering:
scene_heading: 179 INT. POLICE STATION - BULLPEN - NIGHT 179
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: (weary)
dialog: Dunnigan.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH STREET (INDUSTRIAL AREA):
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (on cell)
dialog: Do we finish this tonight?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Nick? Jesus...
dialog: (nervous glance around)
dialog: Look. No hard feelings, but there
dialog: is no "we." You're radioactive. I *
dialog: can't even be seen talking to you...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I know who he's got on the outside.
dialog: (that stops Dunnigan)
dialog: I'll ask again. Do we finish this
dialog: tonight?
text: Poor Dunnigan looks tortured. He catches Garza's eye...
scene_heading: 180 EXT. JOE'S LUBE-AND-DRIVE GARAGE - NIGHT 180
text: A TRAIN SHRIEKS through shot, revealing:
text: The garage quiet in moonlight. The area deserted. Beat. The
text: garage door rolls up on its tracks. Darkness within.
text: A PAIR OF HEADLIGHTS kick on, blinding us. The Lincoln emerges,
text: moves off into the night as the door rolls down again.
text: We hear SOFT STATIC from a police radio, and a voice:
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 106.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN (O.S.)
text: All units. Subject vehicle is on
dialog: the move.
text: ANGLE WIDENS to reveal we're in an UNMARKED CAR -- Dunnigan *
text: at the wheel, Nick beside him. Dunnigan's on the radio:
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Everybody maintain distance.
text: Dunnigan puts the car in gear, pulls out...
text: FROM THIS POINT ON, WE'RE VERY MUCH IN MONTAGE STYLE (IT GOES
text: WITHOUT SAYING THIS NEEDS THE RIGHT PIECE OF MUSIC):
scene_heading: 181 EXT. AERIAL SHOT - NIGHT 181
text: DRIFTING MAGICALLY THROUGH the downtown skyscrapers...neon-
text: lit rooftops...city lights reflecting off glass buildings...
text: AN FBI HELICOPTER drops into shot. CAMERA COMES AROUND, pacing,
text: the copter's reflection in the buildings we're passing...
scene_heading: 182 EXT. AERIAL SHOT LOOKING STRAIGHT DOWN - NIGHT 182
text: SKYSCRAPERS pass the lens below us...
text: There's a midnight-blue Lincoln traveling the streets far
text: below. It turns a corner, moving up a long boulevard. CAMERA
text: PIVOTS around a skyscraper, following...
scene_heading: 183 EXT. STREETS - VARIOUS ANGLES - NIGHT 183
text: The Lincoln cruising, cold reflections of street lamps kicking
text: off sheet metal, flowing along its body and windshield...
text: WE START ZOOMING AND RACKING FOCUS to the unmarked cars tailing
text: it in traffic....visually, it becomes a surreal dance of
text: headlights and traffic signals...
scene_heading: 184 EXT. AERIAL SHOTS - VARIOUS ANGLES - NIGHT 184
text: A POLICE COPTER joins the FBI copter in the air...both cruising
text: eerily against a kaleidoscopic wash of city lights...
speaker_heading: VOICE #1 (V.O.)
dialog: Maintain two thousand foot ceiling...
scene_heading: 185 INT. DUNNIGAN'S CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT 185
speaker_heading: VOICE #1 (V.O.)
text: Subject vehicle turning south off
dialog: of Hudson...into an alley...
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: (clicks hand-mic)
dialog: Hang back...hang back...
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 107.
scene_heading: 186 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 186
text: The Lincoln pulls to a loading door. The door rises...
scene_heading: 187 INT. BUILDING - NIGHT 187
text: ...and the Lincoln enters. It stops next to a LARGE CUBE VAN
text: with the logo: "Nomos Custodial Services."
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN as the car door opens, feet step out...
text: TILT UP to Clyde dressed in a custodial services uniform. He
text: slams the car door, gets in the van, fires up the engine...
scene_heading: 188 EXT. AERIAL VIEW OF ALLEY - NIGHT 188
text: Far below us, the van emerges from the same door, comes out
text: of the alley and back onto the street...
speaker_heading: VOICE #2 (V.O.)
dialog: I got a white van...large cube
dialog: type...think he switched vehicles...
dialog: moving north again on Hudson...
scene_heading: 189 INT. DUNNIGAN'S CAR - NIGHT 189
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Five and six, stick with that
text: building in case he's trying to
dialog: cowboy us. All other units, stay
dialog: with the van...
text: Dunnigan pulls out into traffic, resuming the tail...
speaker_heading: VOICE #3 (V.O.)
dialog: I have visual on van. Logo on side
dialog: reads "Nomos Custodial Services."
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where the hell is he going?
scene_heading: 190 EXT. CITY HALL - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT 190
text: The glorious old building looms above us. TILT DOWN to reveal
text: a red carpet event brewing -- LIMOS AND LUXURY CARS pulling
text: up, GUESTS in expensive attire getting out...
text: The NOMOS VAN STEALS THE FRAME as it drives past and turns to
dialog: go around the back of the building...
text: A LIMO STEALS THE FRAME BACK as it pulls to the curb. The
text: Mayor steps out, waving and smiling for FLASHING CAMERAS...
scene_heading: 191 INT. DUNNIGAN'S CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT 191
text: Nick and Dunnigan drive past all the hoopla...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 108.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You don't suppose Nomos Custodial *
dialog: has a service contract with City
dialog: Hall, do you?
text: Off Dunnigan's look of "oh shit"...
scene_heading: 192 EXT. CITY HALL SERVICE ENTRANCE - NIGHT 192
text: TIGHT ON A CARD SCANNER as a card is swiped. THUNK -- the
text: lock disengages. TILT UP to Clyde as he rolls a loaded
text: custodial cart (with mops and trash barrel) inside...
scene_heading: 193 INT. CITY HALL SERVICE AREA - NIGHT 193
text: A GUARD mans the security desk -- he glances up from a BANK
text: OF LIVE-FEED VIDEO MONITORS as Clyde rolls his cart in.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Mr. Nomos! Ain't seen you around.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Ted...had to get that vacation in.
dialog: Visited my sister in the Keys...
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Nice. Good for you.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hey, what's all that hoopla at the
dialog: main entrance?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Mayor's got a big fuckin' thing.
dialog: Thousand dollar a plate whatever.
dialog: They say the Governor might come.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (moving on)
dialog: I'll stay out of their way.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (calls after him)
text: They're up on six, avoid that floor.
dialog: They got more security than God...
scene_heading: 194 EXT. AERIAL SHOT LOOKING STRAIGHT DOWN - NIGHT 194
text: Far below: The entrance lit up with arriving cars and guests,
text: CAMERAS FLASHING...
text: A HELICOPTER DRIFTS through the shot just below us in SLOW-
text: MOTION, rotors thrumming eerily...
scene_heading: 195 INT. SERVICE ELEVATOR - NIGHT 195
text: ...while Clyde rides up. He stops at five, gets out...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 109.
scene_heading: 196 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 196
text: ...and rolls his cart up the hallway. MUFFLED MUSIC from the
text: floor above. He comes to a door, sorts his keys...
scene_heading: 197 INT. EMPTY COURTROOM - NIGHT 197
text: ...and enters in darkness. Moving swiftly, he reaches into
text: his trash barrel, pulls a gleaming STEEL BRIEFCASE from under
text: the shredded papers -- he strides to the judge's dais, lays
text: the case atop it, turns and heads back to his cart...
scene_heading: 198 INT. SERVICE AREA SECURITY DESK - NIGHT 198
text: ...as a STREAM OF TACTICAL COPS stampede into the building
text: and up the stairs. ANGLE FINDS Nick, Dunnigan, and Davies
text: looming over the nervous security guard:
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: What floor?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: I told him to avoid six...
dialog: (checking monitors)
dialog: There...
text: On a monitor: Clyde rolls his cart from the courtroom...
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: That's the main courtroom on five. *
speaker_heading: NICK
text: That's right below the ballroom.
dialog: The Mayor's event.
scene_heading: 199 INT. 6TH FLOOR HALLWAY AND BALLROOM - NIGHT 199
text: Early arrivals are coming up, entering the ballroom. The place *
text: is crawling with SECRET-SERVICE TYPES in suits. *
scene_heading: 200 INT. 5TH FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT 200*
text: Clyde comes down the hallway B.G., rolling his cart...
text: F.G., ANGLE FINDS tactical cops with machine guns pouring
text: quietly up the stairs, taking up positions just around the
text: corners, poised and tense. TIGHTEN IN as the TAC LEADER uses
text: a small mirror to peek around the corner and spot Clyde:
speaker_heading: TAC LEADER
dialog: (whispering on headset)
dialog: Subject in sight. Do we take him?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 110.
scene_heading: 201 INT. ANOTHER STAIRCASE - NIGHT 201*
text: Nick, Dunnigan and others are racing up the steps. Dunnigan *
text: raises his radio to say yes, but:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No. Let him go.
dialog: (off Dunnigan's look)
dialog: We know where to find him. Let's
dialog: get to that courtroom.
text: Dunnigan hesitates -- against every instinct in his body.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: I hope you know what the fuck you're
dialog: doing.
dialog: (clicks mic)
dialog: Negative. We're letting him go. All
dialog: units hang back. Repeat. We are
text: letting the subject go.
scene_heading: 202 INT. 5TH FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT 202
text: The cops trade surprised glances. The elevator DINGS. Clyde
text: gets on, the doors close. The cops swarm up the hallway...
scene_heading: 203 INT. COURTROOM - NIGHT 203
text: This all happens fast: Bang -- the doors slam open. Nick leads
text: a huge phalanx of cops and FBI in, weapons and flashlight
text: beams stabbing in all directions.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: There.
text: They race to the judge's dais -- the steel case.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Don't touch it! Could be motion
dialog: sensitive!
text: Davies shoves his way to the front, grabs a small hand-held
text: drill from one of his guys' tactical vests:
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: I need light!
text: Dozens of beams converge. Davies places the drill, goes to
dialog: work on the case...grind, grind...
speaker_heading: VOICE #4 (V.O.)
dialog: I have visual...suspect leaving the *
dialog: building...different service exit...
scene_heading: 204 EXT. CITY HALL - NIGHT 204
text: Clyde exits a loading dock, gets in his van...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 111.
scene_heading: 205 INT. COURTROOM - NIGHT 205
text: ...grind, grind...the drill taps through. Davies yanks it,
text: feeds a fiber-optic tube into the hole, puts his eye to the
text: eyepiece. He swivels the tube carefully, peering inside...
speaker_heading: DAVIES *
dialog: Crap. *
dialog: (glances up) *
dialog: Explosives. Nasty ones. *
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: What? C-4? *
text: Davies takes his eye from the eyepiece, looks at them.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: C-4 is for girl scouts. This is
dialog: malglinite. Take out the whole floor
dialog: above us...maybe this entire corner
dialog: of the building...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Can you open it? Disarm it?
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: (back to eyepiece)
dialog: No, we got tripwires. We open this
dialog: lid, instant karma's gonna get us.
dialog: (keeps scanning)
dialog: Don't see a motion sensor. Trigger
dialog: looks simple...dial a cell phone,
dialog: incoming call arms the trigger --
dialog: trigger's set to count down from
text: forty seconds, then boom.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: That call comes in, we have forty
dialog: seconds to get as far away from
dialog: this thing as possible.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Alert the mayor's security team. *
dialog: Evacuate those people upstairs -- *
dialog: clear that ballroom, go!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No!
text: Dunnigan turns on him, instant shouting match:
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: No? What the fuck are you talking
dialog: about, this could go off any second!
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 112.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He won't set it off until that room
dialog: is full! People are still arriving,
dialog: red carpet shit, that's at least
dialog: another half hour!
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: I will not take that risk!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You have to!
text: Beat. Nick, no longer shouting, but intense and fast:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: If I'm him, I've rigged cameras in
dialog: that ballroom -- live video feed --
dialog: first sign of an evacuation, I
dialog: trigger the bomb.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: We have to think ahead of this fuck!
dialog: Pause. Looks traded.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: I'm open.
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: Okay, Nick. What's the move?
scene_heading: 206 INT. LINCOLN/NOMOS CUSTODIAL - NIGHT 206
text: Clyde slams the van door, gets in the Lincoln. He pulls a
text: handheld CLAMSHELL VIDEO MONITOR -- it shows a LIVE FEED of
text: people entering the ballroom, mingling as they arrive...
text: Clyde smiles, starts the engine...
scene_heading: 207 INT. CITY HALL BALLROOM - NIGHT 207
text: The Mayor enters, waving to everybody, shaking hands...
scene_heading: 208 INT. JOE'S LUBE-AND-DRIVE GARAGE - NIGHT 208
text: The garage door rises. The Lincoln backs in, stops on the
text: hydraulic lift. Clyde gets out, throws the tarp over it.
text: Briefly checks his clamshell. Still plenty of time...
text: He raises the lift a few feet, drops down and crawls under
dialog: the car into:
scene_heading: 209 THE MECHANIC'S PIT 209
text: Duplicate controls. He hits the button and the car sinks down
text: atop us, settling to the floor, sealing us into darkness.
scene_heading: WHITE - 9-7-8 113.
text: Beat. A BRIGHT LIGHT turns on -- one of those gazillion
text: candlepower flashlights. Clyde aims it and we see:
text: A TUNNEL hewn into the wall of the mechanic's pit. Just large
text: enough for Clyde to crawl into. He does...
scene_heading: 210 INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 210
text: Hand-dug, rough dirt held up by two-by-four bracing. A wheeled
text: platform is the transport -- Clyde's on his back, pulling
text: himself along by an overhead rope, hand over hand...
scene_heading: 211 INT. UNDER THE PRISON - NIGHT 211
text: Clyde emerges in the suffocating darkness of a sub-basement
text: laid into a foundation that dates back to the Civil War. He
text: crawls free, shining his light as rats scurry in shadows...
text: He's on his hands and knees at first because the ceiling's so
text: low. He's finally able to rise, moving along at a crouch...
text: ...and emerging into a proper sub-tunnel. Now able to walk
text: normally, he navigates the tunnels and comes to:
scene_heading: 212 INT. CLYDE'S STAGING AREA - NIGHT 212
text: We're just below the solitary wing. Clyde has it rigged with
dialog: all his needs: computer, spare cell phones, various kinds of
text: clothing, even a shelf lined with snacks.
text: He quickly shrugs off his custodian's outfit, revealing his
text: prison jumpsuit beneath. He gazes up a welded steel ladder
text: (identical to four others in a row -- one for each cell).
text: He checks his clamshell one last time, tweaking the bad
text: reception with a relay -- ballroom looks full. He clicks off
text: his lamp and clamshell, sets them on a shelf...
text: He goes up the ladder to a hatch in the ceiling...
scene_heading: 213 INT. CLYDE'S CELL - NIGHT 213
text: ...and enters through a swiveling portal concealed behind the
text: toilet. In deep darkness now, he pulls his cell phone, starts
text: inputting a number -- boop...boop...boop...
text: And he freezes. Realizing...
text: There's somebody in there with him...a silhouette sitting on
text: the floor by the door. The figure reaches out, pushes open
text: the outer door a bit. Faint light spills in, revealing:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I came to talk. Guess who wasn't in
dialog: his cell? Imagine my surprise.
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 114.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Imagine mine.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Beautiful how you played us. Getting
dialog: yourself tossed into solitary -- *
text: pre-rigged with exits from all five *
dialog: cells. Whichever one we put you in,
dialog: you had your bases covered.
dialog: (faint smile)
dialog: I thought I was such a bad-ass
dialog: putting you down here. Turns out I
dialog: was doing what you wanted.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: That's how you play. Make the other
dialog: guy think it's his idea.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You came to talk, so talk.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Been thinking. If I'd done things
dialog: differently -- made different
dialog: decisions from the start -- we
dialog: wouldn't have gotten to this point.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: But it happened. And here we are.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Here we are.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your decisions put us here too.
dialog: This mess is on both of us. *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You want to hold hands? What's your
dialog: point?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We can't change decisions we've
dialog: made. We can only account for
dialog: decisions we make from here. I know
dialog: what mine will be.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What about you? You gonna finish
dialog: dialing that number, or what?
text: Clyde hesitating, thumb hovering over the number pad.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: If I don't? What are you offering?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You looking to deal?
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 115.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I'm willing to listen.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Okay, here's the deal. The deal
dialog: is...there is no deal.
dialog: (off Clyde's look)
dialog: I told you. No more deals with
dialog: murderers. I'm sticking to that.
dialog: That's my decision. It's what you *
dialog: taught me. Strange as it sounds, *
dialog: I'm grateful for the lesson. *
text: Nick rises, steps out -- pauses, turns back.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Your turn. You make the right
dialog: decision, I'll see what I can do
dialog: for you. But the wrong decision is
dialog: one you'll have to live with the
dialog: rest of your life.
text: The moment stretches. Clyde poised -- all down to this. In *
text: the end, he can't help himself: Boop-boop-boop -- hits send. *
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Me too...
text: Nick pushes the barred door shut...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: ...because like I said, it's a
dialog: decision you'll have to live with
dialog: the rest of your life. Which at
dialog: this point I figure is...
dialog: (glances at watch)
dialog: ...another 35 seconds.
text: ...and turns the key in the lock -- klatch.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Check mate.
text: Clyde hears a SOUND...like a phone ringing -- sort of close
text: but not -- muffled -- like the sound Cantrell heard...
text: Clyde, realization dawning, thrusts his hand out and jerks
text: the cot blanket up, revealing:
text: The steel briefcase under his cot. He glances up to see:
dialog: Nick gone.
text: Clyde scrambles to his portal, yanks on the handle...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 116.
scene_heading: 214 CLYDE'S STAGING AREA (UNDER THE CELLS) 214
text: ANGLE ON: The hatch handle rattles -- now padlocked shut.
scene_heading: 215 INT. JOE'S GARAGE/MECHANIC'S PIT - NIGHT 215
text: FAST CUT: Dunnigan thrusts himself out of the tunnel, cops
text: grabbing his arms, pulling him free...
scene_heading: 216 INT. SOLITARY WING - NIGHT 216
text: Nick comes through the sally-port at a fast stride, through
text: another door, goes up the steps...
scene_heading: 217 INT. CLYDE'S CELL - NIGHT 217
text: Clyde wheels around, frantic as a caged tiger -- he lunges to
text: the door, rattling the bars...
speaker_heading: 218 QUICK ANGLES 218
text: ...while Nick pounds faster and faster up staircase after
dialog: staircase...
scene_heading: 219 INT. CLYDE'S CELL - NIGHT 219
text: Clyde -- enraged, bellowing -- picking up the steel briefcase,
text: swinging it hard against the bars, trying to batter through...
text: And then stopping. A self-awareness returning. Perhaps it's
dialog: the Clyde that's been missing for years -- the sane one.
text: Pause. He sets the briefcase down. Stands a moment.
text: He sits down on the briefcase. Calm now. Pulls a SMALL PHOTO
text: from his breast pocket. Gazes at it.
text: It's his wife and daughter. He stares at them a while.
text: Tucks the photo back in his pocket. Nods.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Well played.
text: BOOOOM! The DETONATION is staggering, instantly vaporizing *
dialog: Clyde and the cell he's in...
scene_heading: 220 SOLITARY WING 220
text: ...BLOWING the bars right out of the stone on a WALL OF FLAME
dialog: that overwhelms the lens...
scene_heading: 221 FAST CUTS: CORRIDORS AND STAIRCASES 221
text: ...FLAME HURTLING with express-train force...
scene_heading: BLUE - 9-19-08 117.
scene_heading: 222 EXT. PRISON COURTYARD - NIGHT 222
text: ...and BLASTING TONS OF BRICK AND MORTAR skyward.
text: Nick enters the shot as WE DOLLY BACK WITH HIM, walking away
text: from the building going to dust and rubble B.G.
text: CAMERA PANS HIM AROUND, now following him, as he approaches
text: Davies standing with Iger. Iger is staring, agog:
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: Jesus. *
dialog: (beat) *
dialog: Thank God that wing was empty. *
text: A car arriving behind them: Dunnigan getting out, approaching. *
speaker_heading: IGER
dialog: How do I explain this to the city?
speaker_heading: DUNNIGAN
dialog: I think the Mayor will have your
dialog: back.
text: Nick approaches, comes abreast of them.
text: Looks are traded with Dunnigan and Davies. Relief. Fellowship.
text: A touch of sadness. Words aren't needed here.
text: Nick keeps walking, pulls his cell phone, starts dialing.
text: Dunnigan smiles. He knows exactly where Nick's going...
scene_heading: 223 INT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM - DAY 223
text: LONG LENS: Nick sitting...waiting...
text: An ARRIVING TRAIN moves massively into the shot, pulling into
dialog: the station...
text: Nick rises. A SQUEAL OF BRAKES, steel on steel...
text: Nick engulfed in a crowd of arriving passengers, people getting
text: off, swirling and jostling all around him, wiping frame...
dialog: ...only two faces he wants to see...
dialog: ...and there they are...
text: He sweeps his family into his arms. The final moments of this
dialog: movie are all about faces and joy...
text: ...and CREDITS BEGIN as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
