dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: LAWRENCE OF ARABIA
dialog: by
speaker_heading: ROBERT BOLT
dialog: 
scene_heading: LAWRENCE OF ARABIA
speaker_heading: PART ONE
text: As a background to the SCREEN CREDITS the following:
text: CLOSE SHOT of the MOTOR BICYCLE. It is large, powerful andin
text: beautiful condition. We can see that it is standing in some kind of
text: country shed with a background of work-bench, petrol cans and so on.
text: A few wild flowers, dandelions and such, are stuffed rather roughly in
text: a jam jar on the work-bench. The shed is open-fronted and the
text: motor bicycle and its background are dappled with sunlight. falling
text: through nearby leaves. A MAN comes and stands between us and
text: the machine with his back towards us. We can only sée him from
text: the buttocks down. He is wearing heavy motor-cycling boots and slaps
text: onto the petrol tank a pair of gauntlet gloves. CAMERA. stays on this
text: while he prepares the machine - filling the tank, adjusting choke and
text: mixture controls, ad lib as needed. He mounts and kicks the starter
text: and moves off frame, with a roar.
text: PANNING SHOT. The motor-cycle leaves the farmyard into the lane.
text: As background to FINAL CREDITS, the peaceful farmyard; noise of
text: motor-bike receding to silence. Then sharp cut to:
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. The MOTOR-CYCLIST. Head and
text: shoulders. On SOUND TRACK engine roaring. He is so heavily
text: begoggled and mufflered as to be anonymous but he wears no helmet
text: and his bright hair is ruffled in the slipstream.
text: MOVING SHOT of the road ahead. Ata distance, the road is up.
text: It is too early in the morning for the workers to be there; a NIGHT
text: WATCHMAN yawns over his brazier. A notice says "WARNING.
text: Drain laying. Roadworks ahead". We throttle down and pass the
text: roadworks, still too fast and bank for a corner. Round the corner
text: a similar roadworks and a similar notice which we see nearer than
text: before, the word "WARNING" looming larger. Again we throttle down
text: and pass the roadworks, again too fast, and are accelerating
text: immediately towards a second corner. .
text: Coming out of the corner a third roadworks ahead. The same
text: notice repeated, this time the word "WARNING" almost filling the
dialog: screen.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the MOTOR-CYCLIST. The scarf has slipped a
text: little and we can see his mouth. It is neither smiling nor particularly
text: determined but it sets into a sort of still calm as the CYCLIST
dialog: accelerates:
dialog: 5 Continued
text: Through the roadworks far too fast. We swerve to the left, to the
text: right, tilt, approach a blind bridge, are out of control, spin, crash.
dialog: 
text: 6 CLOSESHOT. A piece of the road. The goggles slither along it
text: oO up to CAMERA.
speaker_heading: c CUT TO
text: : 7 CLOSE SHOT. The blind stone eyes of LAWRENCE's bust ina
text: chapel of St. Paul's Cathedral. On SOUND TRACK, the organ. A
text: ® MAN in very correct civilian clothes, holding his bowler hat, adjusts
text: the central wreath which has fallen askew. He does this not reverently
text: _ but neatly , severely, and then without a backward glance leaves the
text: chapel (past two SOLDIERS in blues who keep vigil there) and makes his
text: way up the aisle after the rest of the discreetly murmuring, shuffling
text: congregation where an elderly friend, a CLERIC, awaits him.
text: 8 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. BRIGHTON and his FRIEND pace slowly
text: along the aisle, past memorials to other honoured heroes, which
text: glimmer faintly from the walls. At these the CLERIC glances; then
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: Well nil nisi bonum. But I find some~
dialog: thing ... disproportionate in all this.
speaker_heading: * BRIGHTON
dialog: (must defend Lawrence,
dialog: though he can't disagree)
dialog: He was a remarkable chap. By any
dialog: counts, remarkable.
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: (interested)
dialog: .Did;you know him well?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: I knew him.
dialog: 
dialog: j if
text: i 9 MEDIUM LONG SHOT. The steps of St. Pauls. The fashionable
text: ; CONGREGATION is leaving, watched by a crowd of more ordinary
text: : FOLK who are kept aside by afew POLICEMEN. ALLENBY is
text: iC standing alone, and quite still. He is in civvies and his bearing is
text: i modest, but one or two who pass him raise their hats, as though
text: Co saluting. A REPORTER approaches.
dialog: 9
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Lord Allenby, Could you give me a
dialog: few words about Colonel Lawrence?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (smiles a little)
dialog: ‘ What, more words ...?
dialog: (he makes a deliberately
dialog: formal "statement"')
dialog: "The Revolt in the Desert played a
dialog: decisive part in the Middle Eastern
dialog: campaign".
text: ‘The REPORTER is disappointed.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Yes sir, but about Colonel Lawrence himself.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: No.
dialog: (politely regretful)
dialog: I didn't know him well you know.
text: ALLENBY moves away. The REPORTER sees somebody else off
text: screen and darts towards BENTLEY and a LADY.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Mr. Bentley, you must know as much
dialog: about Colonel Lawrence as anybody does.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (a public "statement" which
dialog: REPORTER takes down)
dialog: "It was'my privilege to know him and to make
dialog: him known to the world: he was a scholar, a
dialog: poet, anda mighty warrior’.
text: REPORTER tips his hat to the LADY and moves away.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY (Cont)
dialog: He was also the most shameless exhibitionist
dialog: since Barnum and Bailey.
text: A MILITARY GENTLEMAN (The M.O. of the final sequence) darts
text: up from behind, looming on the step above.
scene_heading: MILITARY GENTLEMAN
dialog: You sir! Who are you?
dialog: 
dialog: 9
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (not a bit put out)
dialog: My name's Jackson Bentley.
scene_heading: MILITARY GENTLEMAN
dialog: (momentarily thrown)
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (recovers instantly)
dialog: You whoever you are sir, I heard your
dialog: last remark and I take the strongest
dialog: possible exception!
dialog: , (challenging)
dialog: He was a very great man!
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: Did you know him?
scene_heading: MILITARY GENTLEMAN
dialog: No sir, I can't claim I knew him.
dialog: (truculent)
dialog: I had the honour once to shake his hand
dialog: in Damascus!
text: BENTLEY turns away with politely raised eyebrows. MURRAY
text: passes witha FRIEND. He growls:
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Knew him? NolInever knewhim. He
dialog: had some minor function on my Staff in
dialog: Cairo.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: INT. MAPPING ROOM. BRITISH H.Q. CAIRO
text: CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE is neatly tinting a map with water
text: colour. He sits back to look at it, patiently, but without enthusiasm.
text: A shadow falls across him and he looks up, interested.
text: CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE's point of view of a basement window.
text: Outside, the lower half of a camel walks by.
text: MED. SHOT. We now see that LAWRENCE is seated in a long
text: narrow room, hardly more than a glorified passage. At each end
text: a hole has been knocked high up in the wall and a massive bundle
text: of electric cables proceeds in from one to the other and out again,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: Continued
text: dimming the already inadequate light which comes through a series of
text: semi-circular windows high up in the wall of the basement. There
text: are six drawing boards with pots of paint, brushes, T squares,
text: protractors, compasses, pens and ink, pencils, piles of rolled maps
text: and whatever else cartographers need. Above the boards hang lamps
text: with metal shades, and before eath boardis a stool. At one of
text: these sits the only other OCCUPANT of the room, a SERGEANT.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (gloomily)
dialog: Michael George Hartley, this is a nasty,
text: dark little room.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: 'T's right.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We are not happy in it.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (thinking of the trenches)
dialog: ‘lam,
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Then you are an ignoble fellow.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: 'T's right.
text: He lights a cigarette, throwing down the packet and box, while
text: ’ LAWRENCE watches him, and goes on with his work. Itis a
dialog: relationship not uncommon in the Forces; the gulf of class and
text: rank has. been bridged by means of a ritualised parody. There is
text: the sound of boots on stone floor. LAWRENCE looks up.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The door opens and a chirpy CORPORAL enters
text: with a folded newspaper. Beyond him we catch a glimpse of a
text: telephone exchange and a flight of stairs leading upwards from
text: the basement.
text: MED. SHOT. The CORPORAL walks over towards LAWRENCE.
text: The phlegmatic SERGEANT takes no notice at all.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Here is William Potter with my newspaper.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Here y'are tosh.
speaker_heading: SE
dialog: 
dialog: [oO 14 Continued
text: 3 LAWRENCE takes the paper, paying for it with a coin from his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quite simply)
dialog: © Thanks.
dialog: ) (back to the act)
dialog: Would you care for one of Sergeant
dialog: Hartley's cigarettes?
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Se orc,
dialog: —-
dialog: Ta.
text: It is part of the game that no-one shall smile. The CORPORAL takes
text: one of the SERGEANT's cigarettes as LAWRENCE unfolds his paper.
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Is it there?
text: 15 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE holds up the paper at the front page.
text: is in Arabic. He is instantly absorbed. The SERGEANT and .
text: CORPORAL regard him with the respect which everyone feels for the
text: man with a passion, even uncomprehended.
speaker_heading: ! LAWRENCE
dialog: Of course itis. Headlines.
dialog: o (grimly)
dialog: . . But I'll bet it isn't mentioned in The Times.
dialog: (he indicates)
dialog: "Bedouin Tribes Attack Turkish Strong-
dialog: hold". And I'll bet there’s no-one in the
dialog: & . Whole of this Headquarters who even knows
dialog: it's happened.
dialog: (he throws down the paper)
dialog: Or would care if he did.
text: . 16 MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE finds their sympathetic, bovine gaze
text: © upon him and laughs.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Allow me to ignite your cigarette.
text: lo He strikes one of the SERGEANT's matches and lights the
text: po, CORPORAL's cigarette. Then, he extinguishes the match by very
text: Ig — slowly closing his finger and thumb upon the flame, his face very
text: attentive the while. It is a trick the other two have evidently seen
text: | before but which evidently still fascinates.
dialog: 
dialog: qt
dialog: ima
dialog: 9 .
dialog: |
dialog: 17
dialog: 
dialog: 18
dialog: ©
dialog: 16 Continued
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (dispassionately)
dialog: You'll do that once too often. It's only
text: flesh and blood.
text: LAWRENCE returns to his work, murmuring:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Why, Michael George Hartley, you're a
dialog: philospher.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: (amiably)
dialog: You're barmy.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The door opens and an M.P. SERGEANT enters.
dialog: M.P.
dialog: Mr. Lawrence?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE (Off)
dialog: (courteously)
dialog: Yes?
dialog: M.P.
dialog: Flimsy, sir.
text: He goes towards LAWRENCE.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The CORPORAL sits down on his own stool, as the
text: M.P. enters picture, hands the flimsy to LAWRENCE, and exits.
text: LAWRENCE unfolds the flimsy and his expression changes. The
text: SERGEANT takes no notice, assuming it to be a routine order of
text: some kind. LAWRENCE puts down the flimsy and takes his hat from
text: a nail driven into the wall within reach, and gets down from his stool,
text: his face very still, his eyes excited. The CORPORAL is preoccupied
text: with a burning match which he proceeds to extinguish between his
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Ow!
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: It damn well 'urts!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Certainly it hurts.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: :
dialog: 18
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: (cajoling)
dialog: Well what's the trick then?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: The trick, William Potter, is not
dialog: minding if it hurts.
text: THE CAMERA IS PANNING with him on the way to the door. He
text: opens it and turns.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: . Oh, if Captain Gibbon
dialog: (he articulates the name
dialog: . with special politeness)
dialog: should enquire for me, tell him I've gone
dialog: for a chat with the General.
text: - He turns to go.
scene_heading: 19 CLOSE SHOT. The SERGEANT and CORPORAL.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (not looking up)
dialog: Right you are, tosh.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: (with just a shade of
dialog: : resentment)
dialog: He's barmy. /
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: He's all right.
text: : (he slips from his stool
text: and glances at the flimsy)
dialog: Good Lord, he has too.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: Gone to see the General.
scene_heading: 20 INT. JUNIOR OFFICERS' CLUB
text: LONG SHOT. The Junior Officers' Club is a spacious room, long,
text: high, and airy, once ornate, now stripped, but immaculately clean
text: and orderly. One side is of glass and gives onto a courtyard. Its
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 20
dialog: Continued
text: floor is covered in bleached matting: on the walls are steel
text: engravings of old victories, dead Generals and living Royalty.
text: furnished with a great many basket chairs of uniform pattern
dialog: It is
text: arranged in symmetrical fours round small tables with cloths of
text: unbleached linen.
text: There is a bar and a billiard table in the foreground of picture.
dialog: Fans
text: turn. At the bar are two or three OFFICERS. One or two OTHERS
text: sit at tables. TWO are preparing for snooker. Otherwise the
text: is empty. Their voices are pleasant and well-modulated.
dialog: place
text: LAWRENCE appears in the background walking through the Club
text: alongside the glass screen.
text: The SECRETARY (GIBBON) is chalking his cue at the billuard table.
text: He is a CAPTAIN and wears a fierce moustache like a circus ring-
text: - master. The other OFFICER is also a CAPTAIN and is raising
text: the triangular frame from the reds when the SECRETARY sees
text: LAWRENCE, frowns, surprised, and after a fractional hesitation, ~
dialog: calls:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Lawrence. :
text: LAWRENCE veers over towards them; the SECRETARY continues
text: with his cue until LAWRENCE is within a few paces of the tabl
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: You're supposed to be ... do you usually
dialog: wear your cap in the Club?
text: The SECRETARY 's tone is not hectoring, but on the contrary,
text: low-pitched, to avoid needless embarrassment, and his words
dialog: e.
dialog: quite
text: accompanied by a serious little smile. LAWRENCE's tone with the
text: OFFICERS will be nervously aggressive, whereas his tone with the
dialog: B.O.R.'s was comfortable, courteous, and even affectionate. ©
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Always.
text: LAWRENCE had in fact forgotten the cap and wishes very much that
text: he had not. His eyes slide to take in the other OFFICERS who stop
text: talking. He relaxes deliberately.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (still mild, but not smiling)
dialog: You're supposed to be on duty, aren't you?
dialog: Where are you going?
dialog: 
dialog: ' 10
dialog: i @ 20 Continued
dialog: ic
speaker_heading: } LAWRENCE
dialog: i (reproving)
dialog: / Mustn't talk shop, Freddy. Not in the
dialog: | Club.
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: { The OFFICERS regard him not with animosity, but with decent
dialog: i . disapproval.
dialog: ' NS ,
speaker_heading: ‘ ‘ LAWRENCE
dialog: | Matter of fact, I'm just going for a pow-
dialog: © wow with the General.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (reasonably)
dialog: I'm not asking as your superior, Lawrence,
dialog: I'm asking as Secretary of this Club.
dialog: (reasonably again)
dialog: We don't want chaps in here when they
dialog: should be on duty.
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Where are you going, please?
text: By way of answer, LAWRENCE, smiling knowingly, takes the black
text: and flicks it across the table.
dialog: 
text: . 21 CLOSE UP. The black hits the triangle sending the balls in all
dialog: « : directions.
text: 22 MED. SHOT. The CAPTAIN who all this time has been chalking
text: his cue with considerate indifference, looks up and says with frank
dialog: exasperation:
dialog: &
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I must s Say, Lawrence!
text: : LAWRENCE looks at the littered table where the balls still roll in
text: . confusion, and the glitter leaves his face.
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Sorry!
text: And he turns and goes, watched by EVERYONE. SECRETARY says
text: c after him, not jeering but firmly:
speaker_heading: CO SECRETARY
dialog: You' re aclown, Lawrence.
text: © At this LAWRENCE turns and says, backing:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: @
dialog: =o
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: il
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh well, we can't all be lion-tamers.
text: And backs into a table at which a young LIEUTENANT of Yeomanry
text: with a handsome face and buttered hair is drinking.
text: CLOSE UP. A half-empty bottle of lager falls over on the table and
text: spills onto the perfect breeches.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The LIEUTENANT, with cruel restraint merely
text: puts down his glass and looks at LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Sorry. -
text: CLOSE SHOT. An awkward pause. LAWRENCE hesitates. But
text: there is nothing to be done. He goes. They all look after him in
text: silence, the LIEUTENANT of Yeomanry steadily wiping his breeches
text: with a handkerchief, the CAPTAIN starting to rearrange the triangle.
text: The SECRETARY turns back to the table saying clearly:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: Pretentious oaf.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL MURRAY'S OFFICE CAIRO
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. GENERAL MURRAY is one of those regulation
dialog: officers whose pride is to appear more regulation than anyone can be.
text: His face is hard and shrewd, his expression exasperated. He is
text: seated at his desk. On the wall behind him is an "Illustrated London
text: News" type pen and ink sketch of heavy artillery on the Western front.
text: On a ledge under the picture is a collection of empty shell cases of
text: varying sizes. GENERAL MURRAY is addressing DRYDEN, a
text: donnish man with a pale, lined, lively face, wearing civilian clothes
text: who at this moment has his back to us as he stands looking out of a
text: window overlooking the gardens of the Headquarters.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: I smell an intrigue! An intrigue between
dialog: the Arab Bureau and a junior officer of
dialog: my staff! A very junior officer, an
text: insubordinate junior officer, an officer
dialog: who, so far as I can gather, has proved
dialog: markedly incompetent in a very junior post!
text: DRYDEN turns from the window, smiling a little at the reference to
text: LAWRENCE's incompetence, and offers a smiling explanation of it.
dialog: rn nm soo +s ae we et
dialog: | 12
dialog: | © 26 Continued
speaker_heading: Ic
speaker_heading: I DRYDEN
dialog: ; He wants to go to Arabia, sir.
text: He strolls away from the window towards a chair in front of
text: Oo MURRAY's desk, the CAMERA TRACKING BACKWARDS with him
text: ) into a medium shot of the two of them. We now see that DRYDEN is
text: | i carrying a copy of the Arabic newspaper.
speaker_heading: } MURRAY
dialog: I'm aware of that. He's made application
dialog: © for a posting to Arabia once a month ever
dialog: since he got here. Very well then, the
dialog: Arab Bureau comes along and says, " we
dialog: i want an Intelligence man in Arabia. We
dialog: want you to second us a man in Arabia.
dialog: jo We think it should be Mr. Lawrence." It's
dialog: i an intrigue, Dryden, and I don't propose to
text: let an over-weening, finicking, crass
text: Lieutenant thumb his nose at his General
dialog: Officer Commanding, and get away with it!
dialog: ~
text: i] He loosens the collar of his shirt as DRYDEN smiles again, and sits
text: in the chair.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (calmly quizzical)
dialog: « It doesn't sound as though he'd be any
dialog: great loss, sir.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Now don't try that, Dryden. There's
dialog: a principle involved.
dialog: rr >
dialog: }
scene_heading: \ 27 CLOSE UP. DRYDEN
speaker_heading: : DRYDEN
dialog: iO (suddenly quite sharp -
dialog: i" but still calm)
dialog: j There is indeed. He's no use here in Cairo
dialog: : and he might be in Arabia. He knows his
dialog: j stuff, sir.
dialog: (
text: oC 28 CLOSE UP. MURRAY. He is a little put out by the moral tone of
text: aan this, which though a shade spinsterish is not less authentic for
dialog: a) that. He grumbles:
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 28 Continued
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Knows the books you mean.
dialog: ("books" is very
dialog: contemptuous)
dialog: I've already sent out Colonel Brighton -
dialog: who is a soldier - and if Brighton thinks
dialog: we should send them some small arms
dialog: then we will. What more d'you want?
scene_heading: 29 MED. SHOT
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: There would be no question of Lieutenant
dialog: Lawrence giving military advice, sir -
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: - My God I should hope not!
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: It's just that the Arab Bureau wants its
dialog: own man on the spot sir, to...
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: To what?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: To make our own appraisal of the
dialog: situation.
text: DRYDEN spreads his hands deprecatingly as he says this, as one
text: who makes an almost childishly small request. But his eyes are
text: ready for conflict - he speaks for the Bureau - and MURRAY is
text: uneasy. This is a conflict which has been brewing for some time.
text: 30 CLOSE UP. MURRAY. He looks away, fiddels with a ruler.
dialog: Blurts out:
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: I may as well tell you. It’s my considered
dialog: opinion and that of my staff that any time
dialog: spent on the Bedouin will be time wasted.
dialog: They're a nation of sheep stealers!
text: 31 CLOSE UP. DRYDEN. He raises and lets fall the newspaper.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: They did attack Medina.
dialog: 
dialog: 31 Continued
scene_heading: 32 CLOSE UP.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: MURRAY (Off)
dialog: And the Turks made mincemeat of them.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: We don't know that, sir.
scene_heading: MURRAY.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: We know they didn't take it. A storm
text: in a tea-cup, Dryden, a side-show ~
dialog: (he broods)
dialog: If you want my own opinion, this whole
text: theatre of operations is a side-show.
dialog: The real war's being fought against the
dialog: Germans not the Turks. Not here, but on
dialog: the Western Front ... in the trenches!
text: (his eyes glow and we see
text: for a moment how he longs
dialog: to be there organising mass
dialog: attacks through mud)
dialog: And your "Bedouin Army" or whatever it
dialog: calls itself - would be a side-show of a
dialog: side-show!
text: 33 CLOSE UP. DRYDEN. He is smiling again.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Big things have small beginnings, sir.
text: 34 CLOSE SHOT. MURRAY darts a quick look at him and rises.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: And does the Arab Bureau want a big
dialog: thing in Arabia? If they rise against the
dialog: Turks, does the Bureau think they're
text: going to sit down quietly under us when
dialog: this war's over?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: The Bureau thinks the job of the moment
dialog: is to win the war.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
text: (flushing, walks back
dialog: to his desk)
dialog: Don't tell me my duty, Mr. Dryden.
dialog: 2
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 15
text: CLOSE SHOT. The door is opened bya STAFF MAJOR. Behind
text: him we see LAWRENCE standing in the outer office. He moves
text: forward as soon as he is announced.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Lawrence, sir.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (Off)
dialog: Send him in.
text: LAWRENCE brushes past the MAJOR and walks into the room.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Good morning, sir.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. MURRAY
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Salute!
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE comes to a halt near DRYDEN and
text: salutes, very badly, his legs not quite together, and throws a side-
text: long glance at DRYDEN expecting approbation, but DRYDEN shakes
text: his head quickly, somewhat to LAWRENCE's surprise.
text: MED. SHOT. THE GROUP. MURRAY has been looking at
text: LAWRENCE, ready to be enraged, but with something not unlike
text: caution, but he intercepts the look at DRYDEN and explodes.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: If you're insubordinate with me, Lawrence,
dialog: I'll put you under arrest!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (apparently crestfallen)
dialog: It's my manner, sir.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: (barks, suspicious)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: My manner, sir. It looks insubordinate,
dialog: but it isn't really.
text: MURRAY is again baffled by his own lack of imagination and
text: LAWRENCE's apparent innocence. He moves uneasily.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 38 Continued
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: I can't make out whether you're bloody
text: bad-mannered or just half-witted.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: I have the same trouble, sir.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: (thumping the table)
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: The Arab Bureau seems to think you
dialog: could be some use to them in Arabia.
dialog: Why, I can't imagine. You don't seem
dialog: able to perform your present duties
dialog: properly.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (smiling, he quotes - not
text: mockingly, but as dons do
dialog: quote, en passant)
dialog: "I cannot fiddle but I can make a great state
dialog: from a little city."
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: _ (suspicious, barks)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (delicately helpful)
dialog: Themistocles, sir. A Greek philosopher.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: I know you've been well educated, Lawrence;
dialog: it says so in your dossier.
text: He pushes back his chair, rises, and walks to a window.
scene_heading: 39 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and DRYDEN. LAWRENCE raises
text: his eyebrows and smiles enquiringly at DRYDEN, but DRYDEN
text: frowns and gestures with his hand that he is to simmer down.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: . 17
text: CLOSE SHOT. MURRAY standing looking out of the window.
text: A swirl of dust blows by outside. MURRAY's face is dark with all
text: the extrovert's loathing of the sensitive and introspective. He says,
dialog: slowly and with great sincerity:
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: You're the kind of creature I can't stand,
dialog: Lawrence ... but I suppose I could be
dialog: wrong. All right, Dryden.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: MURRAY (Off)
dialog: ++, You can have him for six weeks.
text: LAWRENCE's face lights up, but almost immediately he composes
dialog: himself.
text: CLOSE SHOT. MURRAY has turned around eyeing LAWRENCE
dialog: heavily.
speaker_heading: . MURRAY
dialog: Who knows! It might even make a man
dialog: of him.
dialog: (in answer to a knock
dialog: at the door)
dialog: Come in!
text: LONG SHOT. The door opens and the STAFF MAJOR enters
text: excitedly with a sheaf of bills.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: What is it, Hawthorn?
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Navy signal, sir. The convoy's coming
dialog: in tomorrow night.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: (real joy)
dialog: Is that certain?
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Yes sir ... there doesn't seem to be
dialog: any artillery.
text: MURRAY's joy changes to anxiety. He snatches the paper.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: There must be artillery!
dialog: este ttmemtenee ne
dialog: 18
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: © 43 Continued
speaker_heading: iO
text: i DRYDEN and LAWRENCE have been forgotten.
dialog: i :
speaker_heading: DRYDEN i
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: oO It's something of an expedition, sir. He
dialog: : has got to get to Yenbo, find transport,
text: 6 find the Arabs, and then get back. He
dialog: fo5 . can't do that in six weeks. °
dialog: 1
dialog: © MURRAY |
dialog: Two months then.
speaker_heading: | , DRYDEN
dialog: i Three. |
speaker_heading: © MURRAY
dialog: All right, three! Now let me do some
dialog: work, Dryden.
text: . And immediately his attention is back on the papers.
dialog: ew
speaker_heading: a DRYDEN
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: DRYDEN leaves, beckoning to LAWRENCE to follow, but :
text: ‘ LAWRENCE remains. He addresses MURRAY's bent head. He is
text: sincere and correspondingly awkward.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: : I'd like to say, sir, that lam grateful for ....
speaker_heading: © MURRAY
dialog: Shut up and get out.
text: 44 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. His expression is hurt, then viciously i
text: resentful; then is replaced by his habitual protective mockery. :
text: © THE CAMERA PANS with him as he goes to the door and turns: i
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Sir!
text: o 45 CLOSE SHOT. MURRAY andthe MAJOR. They both look up.
text: ~ 46 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. He performs a slow-motion parody
dialog: | CO of the regulation army salute and goes.
dialog: lb
dialog: 3
dialog: ve eoaie .
dialog: “6
dialog: é oO o
dialog: ad
speaker_heading: OO
dialog: 19
text: 47 CLOSE SHOT. MURRAY and the MAJOR. Even before the door
text: has closed MURRAY is searching rapidly through the Bills of Lading.
text: He comes to the end and starts again, more and more frantically.
text: Suddenly he cries out in real distress.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Oh, how can I fight a bloody war without
dialog: bloody artillery?
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
scene_heading: 48 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. DRYDEN and LAWRENCE. THE
text: CAMERA IS TRACKING on a CLOSE SHOT of DRYDEN. LAWRENCE
text: runs up behind him.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh, Shabash, Dryden!
text: DRYDEN avoids him and continues walking.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (reproving)
dialog: He's not a bad chap, Lawrence.
speaker_heading: . LAWRENCE
dialog: No he's not a bad chap, he's a fool.
dialog: (grins in anticipation)
dialog: How did you do it?
text: DRYDEN again avoids him and goes on walking.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: You might better ask me why I bothered to.
text: At. this LAWRENCE falls into step beside him, and although his
text: words are still flippant his face begins to assume its expression of
text: stiff and bitter withdrawal.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Because I'm the man for the job.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (looking straight ahead)
dialog: I just wonder about that.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Of course I'm the man for the job. What
dialog: is the job, by the way?
dialog: C) 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 20
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (pausing beside a door)
dialog: Find Prince Feisal.
text: DRYDEN opens the door and they enter.
scene_heading: INT. DRYDEN'S OFFICE
text: MED. SHOT. This is a room at once similar to but utterly
text: different from GENERAL MURRAY'S. It is elegantly furnished and
text: carpeted, the room of a cultivated xenophile. There are pictures of
text: ancient desert monuments and fragments of carving.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Good. And when I've found him?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Find out what kind of man he is. Find out -
text: (his gaze wanders somewhat)
dialog: - what his intentions are. I don't mean his
dialog: immediate intentions - that's Colonel
dialog: Brighton's business, not yours. I mean his
dialog: intentions in Arabia altogether.
text: LAWRENCE appreciates the significance of this. He walks away a
text: little and comes to rest with his hand on a fragment of stone.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh that's nice...
text: DRYDEN agrees. LAWRENCE puts down the piece of stone.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Where are they now?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
text: Anywhere within 300 miles of Medina.
dialog: They're Hashemite Bedouins, they can
text: cross 60 miles of desert in a day.
text: LAWRENCE throws back his head in silent rapture.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh, thanks Dryden. This is going to be
dialog: fun!
dialog: 
dialog: !
dialog: |
dialog: 21
dialog: 49 Continued
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Lawrence, only two kinds of creature get
dialog: ‘fun’ in the desert, Bedouins ... and -
text: (his gaze wanders round the
dialog: photographs of silent sun-~
dialog: scorched figures and the
dialog: fragments of stone)
dialog: ~ gods. And you're neither. Take it
dialog: from me for ordinary men it’s a burning
text: fiery furnace.
text: DRYDEN is irritably tapping a black Russian cigarette for himself.
text: LAWRENCE steps forward, takes a box of matches and lights it for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: No, Dryden, it's going to be fun. '
text: The set intensity of his expression is in utter contradiction to his
dialog: words.
text: CLOSE UP. DRYDEN. He looks from the burning match in
text: LAWRENCE's fingers to LAWRENCE's face.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (rather sourly)
dialog: It is recognized that you have a funny
dialog: sense of fun.
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE. He smiles and raises the flame to his
text: lips. He bows it out in the normal manner,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: SUNRISE IN THE DESERT:
text: A series of shots taken with an under-cranked camera so that the
text: change from grey dawn to brilliant sunlight is speeded. The
text: audience should be unaware of the trick process, but from the first
text: appearance of the sun over the horizon and the casting of the first
text: shadow there should be a constant sense of movement as the sun
text: rises higher and higher and the shadows grow shorter and shorter.
dialog: Prominent in the composition of almost every shot should be the
text: footprints of two camels. We do not see the actual camels until
text: the series of under-cranked shots are finished and we
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 
dialog: 22
text: 53 CLOSE SHOT. THE SUN, now a searing white.
speaker_heading: oN
dialog: \)
text: 54 LONGSHOT. A brilliantly lit desert vista of sand and rock. The
text: tiny figures of two MEN on camels appear over a distant ridge.
text: 55 CLOSE SHOT. The camels come toahalt. They are ridden by
text: LAWRENCE, who is dressed in regulation British uniform, and
text: TAFAS, his Arab guide, who wears the robes of a Hazimi of the Beni
text: Salem. The two MEN scan the horizon.
text: 56 LONGSHOT. A vast romantic landscape of sand, rock and blue sky.
text: 57 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE AND TAFAS. Almost involuntarily
text: LAWRENCE takes in a deep breath of air.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: Here you may drink, one cup.
text: LAWRENCE unstraps a tin army mug and fills it from his water
text: bottle. He is about to drink and then stops.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: You do not drink?
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: 
dialog: ! No.
dialog: i
speaker_heading: iy LAWRENCE
dialog: I will drink when you do.
text: LAWRENCE begins to return the ‘water to the bottle.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: © (grunts and shrugs)
dialog: Iam Bedu.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: 58 LONG SHOT. A MUD FLAT UNDER FLOATING DUST. (But the
dialog: mud flat should be broken by rocks and not comparable to the
text: Nefud mud flat later, and the dust not comparable to either the
text: opaque wall of the dust-storm nor the weird effect of Sinai. This
dialog: is, as it were, a mere introduction to and explanation of the
dialog: phenomenon. )
text: 59 MED. TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE and TAFAS emerge well
text: powdered from one small cloud into clarity. TAFAS ties his
text: headcloth round his mouth. LAWRENCE spits out dust while
text: TAFAS is doing this and TAFAS looks at him. They are obscured
dialog: ve again.
dialog: 
dialog: ~
dialog: eo
dialog: 
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 23
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. They emerge. TAFAS offers to
text: LAWRENCE a bit of rag, intimating in mime that he should tie it
text: over his mouth. LAWRENCE hesitates. They are obscured again.
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. They emerge, LAWRENCE with the rag
text: tied over his mouth. Camera pans with them.
text: LONG SHOT. They. ride away from us towards the next cloud which
text: distantly drifts down towards them.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: MED. SHOT. It is evening and the two camels are approaching the
text: long shadows of a circle of juniper bushes and high sheltering rocks
text: which frame a secluded hollow of soft multi-coloured sands. The
text: camels are brought to a halt.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. TAFAS AND LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: We will sleep here.
text: The camels are made to kneel and TAFAS dismounts. For a moment
text: LAWRENCE remains in the saddle easing his aching back, then,
text: anxious to hide his discomfiture, he climbs stiffly out of the saddle
text: only to find that standing is even more painful. TAFAS has untied
text: his water skin and brings it to LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: And now we will both drink.
text: LAWRENCE undoes his cup and holds it out.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: (pouring the water)
dialog: You do well ... Aurens.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Lawrence.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: Aurens.
text: LAWRENCE raises his cupto him. They both drink.
text: 65 CLOSE SHOT. A red sun low on the horizon.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: bas afd sot Reet inane
speaker_heading: PY
dialog: >
speaker_heading: J
dialog: ic
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 24
text: LONG SHOT. A huge cliff of dazzling white sand leading up to a
text: ridge backed by deep blue sky. After a few moments the small
text: figures of the two MOUNTED MEN appear over the crest.
text: CLOSE SHOT. TAFAS signals a halt and both MEN stare down at
text: the landscape below.
text: LONG SHOT. A wide and empty plateau with mountains in the
dialog: distance.
text: CLOSE SHOT. TAFAS points out ahead, but seeing nothing,
text: LAWRENCE unslings an old pair of binoculars and raises them to
text: his eyes.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT (BINOCULAR EFFECT) A caravan of four camels
text: moving across the plateau towards the mountains.
text: CLOSE SHOT. TAFAS is looking at them intently, but finding
text: LAWRENCE's regard upon him he gives a quick explanatory grin and
text: says, with the off-handedness of one belittling his own anxiety, for
dialog: his own comfort.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: From here to Lord Feisal's camp is Harith
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: (his attention going back
text: to the distant RIDERS)
dialog: Iam not Harith...
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (indicating some detail
dialog: of his dress)
dialog: No, Hazimi, of the Beni Salem.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: {astonished and pleased,
dialog: looks at LAWRENCE)
dialog: Aye!
text: But immediately his pleasure fades, and as he urges his beast
text: forward, he is again gazing thoughtfully towards the caravan...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: ec
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 25 |
text: CLOSE SHOT. Little gusts of wind are blowing sand across the
text: embers of last night's fire. CAMERA, drawing back, reveals
text: TAFAS and LAWRENCE, both squatted, Durham-miner fashion, by :
text: the fire in identical postures, absorbed, eating; then their kneeling i
text: camels. Saddles and saddle bags piled before LAWRENCE and |
text: TAFAS on the other side of the fire. CUT BACK from this again to:
text: CLOSE SHOT. TAFAS is eating a fist full of rancid mutton fat. j
text: LAWRENCE is eating thin arrowroot biscuits which he extracts |
text: from their packet and eats as neatly as if he were in a vicarage.
text: Between them on the sand are LAWRENCE's shining tin mug, and
dialog: whatever nasty receptacle such a person as. TAFAS might use.
text: Silence prevails. TAFAS' eyes flick intently from time to time to
text: LAWRENCE's revolver on the pile of LAWRENCE's equipment.
text: (CLOSE SHOT on this) LAWRENCE from time to time, watches the
text: brisk progression of fat from TAFAS' hand to mouth. His expression
text: is in no way disgusted. He is wondering if he could do it. Absently
text: he takes up his mug. It is empty. TAFAS quickly offers his own
text: which is half full. It is rimmed with mutton fat. LAWRENCE
text: gently rejects it. TAFAS looks at it for a moment and replaces it
text: on the ground. LAWRENCE disapproves of himself. TAFAS
text: addresses liis jaws to the mutton and his eyes to the revolver.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Take it.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: (stops eating and looks
text: at LAWRENCE. As
dialog: one who explains the
dialog: nature of a commercial
dialog: contract)
dialog: I, take you to Lord Feisal. Then you
dialog: give it to me.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (nods to show his
dialog: comprehension)
dialog: Take it now.
text: He gives the pistol to TAFAS, who, eyes shining, wipes his fingers
text: on his clothes and takes it reverently as though it were ceramic and
text: he a connoisseur. Wordlessly he thrusts it into his belt. He looks
text: at LAWRENCE with a complex of emotions struggling beneath his
text: rudimentary features.
text: He takes up his fat and has a brilliant idea. He holds it out eagerly.
text: but his smile vanishes as he remembers the incident of the mug. He
text: laughs deprecatingly at the mutton...
dialog: 73
dialog: 14
dialog: 75
dialog: 26
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: Bedu food.
dialog: (... and rather sadly
dialog: draws it back again)
text: LAWRENCE thrusts out his hand and takes apiece and puts ‘it in his
text: mouth, watched anxiously by TAFAS. There is no comedy, and
text: from the steely concentration of his face we see that the flesh is
text: indeed mortified.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: (very pleased, thrusts
dialog: out the fat)
dialog: More?
text: LAWRENCE gravely takes some more.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT. (HELICOPTER) The desert is nowa
text: firm and level plain. At first we see nothing but the sweep of the
text: empty desert, then we perceive two tiny moving objects far below -
text: moving towards the CAMERA. The CAMERA begins to descend
text: towards them, and as they increase in size, we see two shadows,
text: two camels, two RIDERS. The CAMERA keeps boring in, and we
text: identify LAWRENCE and TAFAS cantering along at a good clip.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE is still awkward on his
text: mount and TAFAS is giving him riding tips as they move along.
text: LAWRENCE's confidence grows, and the CAMERA pans and tracks
text: with him as he urges the camel into a gallop. The camel describes
text: an erratic circle which brings LAWRENCE back alongside TAFAS.
text: LAWRENCE knows he has done well, and raises his eyebrows,
text: amused by his own greed for praise.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: (genuinely approving)
dialog: I think we reach Masturah Well - tomorrow!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: And from Masturah Well to Lord Feisal's
dialog: camp, one day more.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: iO 15
speaker_heading: iC
dialog: |
dialog: °
dialog: | (
dialog: ‘ 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 
dialog: 83
dialog: 27
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: TAFAS (Cont)
dialog: (as a teacher who desires
dialog: his pupil to repeat an
text: exercise, he looks at
dialog: LAWRENCE, his posture
dialog: and grip of his reins, and)
dialog: Now!
text: LAWRENCE obediently puts his beast into acanter, TAF AS following.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT. (HELICOPTER) The CAMERA pulls back and up, as
text: the canter becomes a gallop - higher and higher - until the tiny
text: FIGURES, now moving away from CAMERA, are lost to view.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The white hot sun of noon.
text: CLOSE SHOT The parched surface of a mud flat baked by the sun
text: into a flattened honeycomb.
text: TRACKING CLOSE UP. The CAMERA is close on the faces of
text: LAWRENCE and TAFAS which are outlined against the pattern of
text: the mud flat which slips by below them. LAWRENCE's skin is the
text: fiery red of the sunburnt European, and the folds of his headcloth
text: and the creases of his skin are powdered with fine dust. They ride
text: in silence.
text: LONG SHOT. We see now that the two RIDERS are crossing a long
text: and ndrrow mud flat enclosed by tall black cliffs of rock.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. TAFAS is again scanning the horizon
text: before them with narrowed eyes. He grunts and points.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: The Well.
dialog: (but he is less interested
dialog: in this than in whatever else
dialog: he is again scanning for)
text: CLOSE SHOT. A brilliant circle of blue sky framed in black.
text: The faces of LAWRENCE and TAFAS appear on the edge of the
text: circle. A bucket hurtlés down towards CAMERA, and with a loud
text: splash, breaks the reflection in the still water at the bottom of a
dialog: well.
text: MED. SHOT. The top of the well is situated on the edge of the mud
text: flat. As TAFAS begins to haul up the bucket he glances carefully all
text: round the horizon. . LAWRENCE, noticing this, does the same - but
dialog: 
speaker_heading: eS
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 28
dialog: Continued
text: they see nothing. TAFAS regains the bucket, pours some water into
text: LAWRENCE's tin cup, then raises the bucket to his own lips. They
dialog: both drink.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: Good?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (with a half-smile)
dialog: It's all right.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: (the idea is new to him,
text: but he looks into his bucket,
dialog: catches on, and with the
dialog: patronizing indulgence
dialog: proper between two
dialog: civilized gentlemen for
dialog: the weakness of the primitive)
dialog: This is a Harith Well.
dialog: (with hypocritical regret)
dialog: The Harith are a dirty people.
dialog: (he drinks greedily)
text: With another look round the horizon he goes over to a small trough
text: and pours out the remainder of the water for the camels. As the
text: camels drink, LAWRENCE strolls over to a little patch of sand and
text: lazily sits watching TAFAS as he returns to the well and drops the
text: bucket into it. A splash echoes up from below.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE begins to whistle to himself. (The
text: Man Who Broke the Bank"’) .as he drifts off into a little daydream.
text: The sound of the bucket is heard bumping up the side of the well -
text: then it stops. There is a moment's silence followed by a heavy
text: splash. LAWRENCE looks up.
text: CLOSE UP. TAFAS is standing stock still looking out over the
text: mud flat.
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE turns to see what he is looking at.
text: LONG SHOT. A little dust cloud is approaching at a distance of
text: about half a mile, floating above the mirage.
text: MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE rises, and slowly goes over to TAFAS.
text: They stand together staring out over the flat.
dialog: 
dialog: rn
dialog: A
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 29
text: LONG SHOT. A black blob wavers out of the centre of the dust
text: cloud. It could be a MAN running, a MAN on horse, a MAN ona
dialog: camel, almost anything.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE AND TAFAS.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Turks?
text: TAFAS does not answer.
text: LONG SHOT. The blob is now recognisable as a horse or a camel,
text: but elongated, as if on stilts by the mirage.
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE AND TAFAS. A moment's pause.
speaker_heading: TAFAS
dialog: Bedu.
text: Without looking at LAWRENCE, he hurries off.
text: MED. SHOT. As TAFAS leaves LAWRENCE and goes over to his
text: camel the approaching FIGURE out on the mud flat is now clearly see:
text: as an ARAB mounted on a camel.
text: CLOSE UP. TAFAS unhitches his gun from the side of the camel,
text: and keeping close into animal, stands still, waiting ...
text: LONG SHOT. The approaching STRANGER is now quite near...
text: He wears a black hooded cloak with a black cloth drawn across his
dialog: face.
text: CLOSE SHOT. TAFAS is standing in the foreground of picture,
text: while LAWRENCE waits, puzzled and apprehensive by the well.
text: TAFAS masks his face with his headcloth.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Who is he?
text: TAFAS cocks his pistol.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Tafas:
text: QUICK CLOSE SHOT. TAFAS, masked. His eyes frightened.
text: Deaf to LAWRENCE.
text: QUICK MED. SHOT. At a distance of some 125 yards the
text: STRANGER is tapping his camel into a kneeling position. As he
text: reaches the ground he draws his rifle from the saddle holster.
dialog: 
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 30
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Tafas, let me -
text: CLOSE SHOT. With a sudden movement TAF AS steps out from the
text: side of his camel, raises his pistol and fires.
text: MED. SHOT. The STRANGER drops to the ground behind his camel.
text: There is another shot. TAFAS remains as still as a statue in the
text: foreground of picture.
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE, frozen in place, numbed by the unexpected
text: eruption of violence.
text: LONG SHOT. The three MEN remain completely still. Then,
text: TAFAS' gun falls to the ground with a clatter, and very slowly he
text: sags at the knees and crumples into a heap beside it. LAWRENCE
text: runs over to the body.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE stands looking down at the dead man, ,
text: and then raises his eyes to the mud flat. . :
text: LONG SHOT. The STRANGER rises to his feet, reloads his rifle,
text: and mounts his camel.
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE goes down on his haunches by TAFAS,
text: keeping his eyes on ALI.
text: MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE stands with his back to CAMERA in
text: the foreground of picture. In the background the STRANGER rides
text: slowly towards him and finally comes to a halt on the other side of
text: the dead man. After a glance to make sure that TAFAS is dead he
text: thrusts his rifle into the saddle holster, unwinds his headcloth, and
text: leaps gracefully to the ground. He is a handsome young man of
text: about LAWRENCE's age; an impressive figure in both bearing and
text: costume. He picks up the pistol. He examines it.
speaker_heading: ALI ©
dialog: Is this pistol yours, English?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No, his.
text: So ALI stuffs it complacently into his own waistband and approaches
text: the well followed by his camel. He picks up the tin mug which is
text: lying on the wall of the trough.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: His?
dialog: 31
dialog: 106 Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Mine.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (as one who confers
dialog: a compliment)
dialog: Then I will use it.
text: He scoops a little water from the trough and does so, LAWRENCE
text: turns TAFAS onto his back.
speaker_heading: ALI
text: He is dead.
text: LAWRENCE leaves TAFAS and approaches ALI.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes. Why?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: This is my well.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I have drunk from it.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (politely)
dialog: You are welcome.
text: They look at one another. Neither of them frightened but in
text: mutual incomprehension.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (comforting)
dialog: He was nothing, English.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Then why kill him?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: He was nothing. The well is every-
dialog: thing. And it is mine. I am Sherif Ali
dialog: Ibn El Kharish.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (this is real news evidently,
dialog: and makes LAWRENCE's mood
dialog: more thoughtful)
dialog: I have heard of you.
dialog: 
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: CD 106 Continued
speaker_heading: “O
dialog: i
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: } (pleased)
dialog: | So? ‘
dialog: |
speaker_heading: | Oo LAWRENCE
dialog: i (indignation rising
dialog: . spontaneously)
dialog: ‘ I had not heard you were a murderer.
speaker_heading: ALI
text: © (after a little pause.
dialog: Quietly)
dialog: You are angry, English. |
speaker_heading: j LAWRENCE
dialog: j He was my friend.
speaker_heading: ALI |
dialog: (looks at TAFAS)
dialog: (looks at LAWRENCE)
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: 
dialog: That?
dialog: Yes, that.
text: ALI raises his fine eyebrows , but politely refrains from comment.
text: LAWRENCE finds himself defending his humanitarian position,
text: which makes him the more angry.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: He was taking me to help Prince Feisal!
speaker_heading: i ALI
dialog: : (mounts and calls back)
dialog: He was a Hazimi of the Beni Salem. The :
dialog: bes Beni Salem are blood enemies to the Harith.
dialog: 1G They may not drink at our wells. |
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: He knew that.
text: ALI raises his head in salute and turns his camel back on.to the
text: c mud flat.
speaker_heading: 7, LAWRENCE
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Sherif Ali! So long as the Arabs fight
dialog: } tribe against tribe, so long will they be :
dialog: ' a little people.
dialog: 
dialog: rc
dialog: (
speaker_heading: OB
dialog: Oo
dialog: 33
text: 107 CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE, emphasizing every word.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: f A silly people! Greedy, barbarous,
dialog: and cruel - as you are!
text: ALI rides out of picture, leaving the screen filled with blue sky.
text: Music begins. The CAMERA pans downwards revealing a different
text: location - a barren desert landscape, across which LAWRENCE is
text: riding, leading TAFAS' empty camel behind him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: 108 EXTREME LONG SHOT. LAWRENCE and his two camels have now
text: entered an area of spectacular and magnificent scenery. High red
text: cliffs tower above sparkling white sand and give the landscape an
text: atmosphere of incredible grandeur and beauty.
text: 109 MED. SHOT. The CAMERA pans down a great face of rock,
text: following the echo, and comes to rest on a CLOSE SHOT of a MAN
text: dressed in the uniform of a British Colonel. He is sitting on a
text: boulder, watching. His camel grazes a few yards behind.
text: 110 LONG SHOT. The distant figures of LAWRENCE and his two
text: camels from the COLONEL's viewpoint.
text: 111 CLOSE SHOT.. LAWRENCE hears a parade-ground voice shouting
text: his name. He halts his camel and looks around. From the shadow
text: of the rocks in the far back ground, the figure of the COLONEL,
text: now mounted on a camel, comes out into the sunlight.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: 112 MED. SHOT. The CAMERA pans with the COLONEL as he trots
text: his camel over to join LAWRENCE. He isvery military, but
text: intelligent and hard-bitten. When he speaks it is rapidly, as a man
text: who knows his own mind and has something on it. His name is
text: BRIGHTON. He rides up alongside LAWRENCE into a TWOSHOT.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (hostile)
dialog: I've been waiting for you.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Did you know I was coming?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: I knew someone was’ coming. Feisal told me.
dialog: ;
dialog: }
dialog: “oy
dialog: a
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: !
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: ©
dialog: poe
dialog: )
dialog: )
dialog: i
dialog: 8
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 112 Continued
dialog: . 34
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (interested)
dialog: How did he know?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Not much happens within fifty miles of
dialog: Feisal that Feisal doesn't know. I'll give
dialog: him that. No escort?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: My guide was killed at the Matsurah Well.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (alert)
dialog: Turks?
speaker_heading: ‘ LAWRENCE
dialog: No, an Arab.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (with real distaste, gloomy)
dialog: Bloody savages ...
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (cool)
dialog: This is Wadi Safra isn't it?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Yes, they're over there.
text: (indicating with a jerk of
text: the head an evident declivity
dialog: into which we cannot see.
text: Then, as LAWRENCE is
text: eagerly about to move
dialog: forward, he checks him
dialog: flatly)
dialog: Just one moment, Lawrence.
dialog: (irritably curious; his
dialog: sense of professional
dialog: etiquette is outraged)
dialog: Now ~- who sent you?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I've been seconded to the Arab Bureau.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
text: (his face clears. This
dialog: has explained all)
dialog: O-o-oh.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Cc
dialog: 
dialog: 35
dialog: 112 Continued
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON (Cont)
dialog: (the exclamation demonstrates
text: his relief that LAWRENCE is
dialog: in such a weak position as that)
dialog: And what are you to do for the Arab Bureau?
dialog: (a thousand Mess Room jokes
dialog: are his authority for this
dialog: attitude of patronizing
dialog: amusement)
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (explicitly earnest and
dialog: polite in ratio to BRIGHTON's
dialog: implicit rudeness) .
dialog: It's rather vague actually, sir, I'm to
dialog: “appreciate the situation’.
text: The parody of the Public School subaltern does not go unnoticed.
text: BRIGHTON looks at him cautiously, but LAWRENCE's face is
text: studiously innocent.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (grunts)
dialog: That won't be difficult, the situation's
dialog: bloody awful.
text: (he digs irritably in the
dialog: sand with a bit of stick)
dialog: Their morale - if they ever had any morale,
dialog: which I doubt - the Turks knocked it out of
dialog: them in front of Medina, :
dialog: _ (the irritation is replaced
dialog: by abrooding sadness)
text: with howitzers. They're fading away by
dialog: dozens every night. And what I want to
dialog: say to you is this:
text: (he recites with considerable
dialog: dignity his simple creed)
dialog: Wherever you are, and whoever you are "with"
dialog: you are a British Serving Officer. And here's
dialog: anorder. When we get into that camp, you'll
dialog: keep your mouth - shut. D'you understand
dialog: what I'm saying?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Yes sir, I understand what you're saying.
text: (it is impudently equivocal,
dialog: and has no trace of obedience)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3
dialog: 36
dialog: 112 Continued
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
text: (crisply, throwing away his
dialog: stick and preparing to rise)
dialog: You'll make your appreciation and get back to ~
text: And then, crouched springily on his heels, he freezes and breaks off
text: and the vitality drains from his face. The organ note of low flying
text: aircraft approaches and his eyes are haunted as he utters the trench-
text: soldier's prayer.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Oh my God, not again...
text: The noise gathers, two explosions set the cliffs thundering.
text: BRIGHTON and LAWRENCE rush to control their panic- -stricken
dialog: animals and look up as: :
text: 113 LONG SHOT. A Turkish bi-plane shoots upwards from behind a
text: cliff, climbing steeply. The CAMERA pans with it as it roars
text: overhead and banks into a sharp turn.
text: 114 CLOSE UP. BRIGHTON and LAWRENCE turn around as they hear
text: the sound of a second engine.
text: 115 LONG SHOT. Another plane roars over the cliff-top.
text: 116 CLOSE SHOT. The camels buck and rear. BRIGHTON gets his ,
text: under control, then LAWRENCE, who is looking up at:
text: 117 LONG SHOT. The first plane completes its turn and goes into a
text: shallow dive. The CAMERA pans with it until it disappears behind
dialog: the cliff.
text: 118 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE and BRIGHTON riding for
text: the camp. BRIGHTON is talking vehemently - to himself rather
text: than LAWRENCE - and glaring straight ahead.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: I've told him! God knows I've told him!
dialog: "Move South" I've said, ‘''You're still in
dialog: range!'' They simply will not realize
dialog: what modern weapons do!
text: 119 LONGSHOT. The screen is obscured by a cloud of drifting smoke
text: anddust. As it clears, a large Bedouin camp of some one hundred
text: black tents is disclosed - now a scene of absolute pandemonium and
text: chaos. Amidthe casualties, MEN struggle to recapture loose
text: animals and WOMEN search for their children, while chickens, goats
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: ‘
dialog: 3
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 37
dialog: 119 Continued
text: and donkeys stampede among the tents. There is the sound of the
text: second plane screaming down ina dive. The HUMANS freeze
text: where they stand, and look up.
text: 120 LONG SHOT. The diving plane.
text: 121 MED. SHOT. BEDOUINS scatter to left and right - out of the way of
dialog: the bombing run.
text: 122 MED. SHOT. The plane swoops overhead. A bomb plummets
text: downwards.
text: 123 MED. SHOT. A tent disappears inthe flash of an explosion.
text: 124 MED. SHOT. The plane sweeps away over a dune. Its shadow
text: races up to meet it on the crest and it vanishes over the top.
text: 125 MED. SHOT. Frightened BEDOUINS stagger against a curtain of
text: drifting black smoke. As it begins to clear, a prophet-like
text: FIGURE mounted on a white horse comes riding out from the darkness.
text: This is FEISAL. He rides towards CAMERA against the stream of
text: MEN and animals, wheeling his horse in an effort to calm the panic.
text: He shouts as he rides.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Stand and fight!
text: The CAMERA tracks with him as he shakes his rifle at the sky.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Fire back at them!
text: 126 MED. SHOT. The first plane, now very low, comes diving in
text: over the dune.
text: ~ 127 CLOSE SHOT. FEISAL raises his rifle.
text: 128 MED. SHOT. A flash of the plane as its machine-gun opens fire.
text: 129 CLOSE SHOT. FEISAL shoots vainly at the sky as the noise of the
text: engine deafens him, a line of bullets lash the sand behind him, and
text: the black shadow of the plane sweeps over and leaves him before he
dialog: can turn to shoot again.
text: 130 LONG SHOT. The plane sweeps away over the dust-laden camp,
text: its machine gun firing among the panicked BEDOUINS, who run in
dialog: every direction.
dialog: Fo eerie
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: so
text: 181 CLOSE SHOT. FEISAL, his pale face contorted with rage, shakes
text: his rifle at the retreating plane in an impotent gesture of defiance.
text: The approaching drone of the second plane makes himturn. The : :
text: machine gun opens fire. His horse rears. !
dialog: |
text: 132 MED. SHOT. A flash of the plane, its gun blazing. |
text: 133 MED.SHOT.. The shadow of the plane sweeps across the sand.
text: FEISAL beats his mare into a gallop and, flat out, his white robes
text: streaming behind him, he chases the dark shadow in a mad and
text: hopeless race. As the plane rapidly draws away he pulls up his
dialog: horse.
text: 134 CLOSE SHOT. Surrounded by swirling dust, FEISAL is a noble and '
text: tragic figure as he sits bolt upright on his trembling foam-flecked |
text: mare staring after the plane.
text: 135 LONG SHOT. The two planes fly away into the distance.
text: 136 CLOSE SHOT. As the drone of the planes dies away, so FEISAL
text: droops in the saddle. In the background the shattered camp stirs to
text: life. MEN and WOMEN run to and fro, swiftly loading their belong-
text: ings onto pack-camels. FEISAL is absorbed in his own despair,
text: gazing down at the ground. After a few moments he braces himself
text: as one who prepares to shoulder once again an intolerable burden.
text: He throws back his head and assumes a public face, but at once his '
text: gaze is arrested.
dialog: 
text: 137 CLOSE SHOT... LAWRENCE looks down at him from a blank blue
text: frame, with compassion certainly but more, with devouring interest.
text: 138 CLOSE SHOT. FEISAL looks up at him; his head slightly tilts,
text: enquiringly.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (straight-forwardly
dialog: interrogative - no
dialog: "significance" please)
dialog: Who are you?
text: 189 CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON ina blue frame.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Lieutenant Lawrence, sir, seconded to
dialog: the Arab Bureau. This is a bloody mess
dialog: sir. We'll have to move south -
text: 140 CLOSE SHOT. FEISAL looking up at BRIGHTON. He interrupts
text: with the savagery of his self-reproach.
dialog: Lo
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 39
dialog: 140 Continued
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Yes, yes, Colonel - fifty miles south -
dialog: you were right and I was wrong.
text: (his gaze shifts; he is
text: looking at LAWRENCE
dialog: _ and as though to him
dialog: he says)
dialog: We must take some thought for the wounded ...
text: 141 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE as before. On SOUND TRACK
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON says:
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON (Over)
dialog: We can take care of them at Yenbo sir.
speaker_heading: FEISAL (Over)
dialog: If they can get to Yenbo.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON (Over)
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: They can hardly come with us sir!
text: 142 CLOSE SHOT. FEISAL looking up as before.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: No. They must try to reach Yenbo.
dialog: ‘... Lieutenant - ?
text: 143 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE as before.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Lawrence ...
scene_heading: 144 MED. SHOT. THE THREE
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: You understand Lieutenant Lawrence
dialog: my people are ... unused to explosives
dialog: and... machines...
dialog: (he gazes about)
dialog: First the guns ... now this...
text: He is suddenly choked with emotion, turns on his heels and goes
text: towards the scattered tents, walking. An ARAB takes his horse
text: which he has forgotten, and leads it after him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (
dialog: 40
scene_heading: 145 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and BRIGHTON. LAWRENCE looking
text: after FEISAL: BRIGHTON looks at LAWRENCE, uneasily, and
text: frowns.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: 146 EXTREME LONGSHOT. NIGHT. A great Bedouin caravan, with
text: their flocks and herds, winds out from the high cliffs and rocks into
text: the open desert.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: 147 LONG SHOT. DAY. The caravan is now sprawled out over a
text: bleak and featureless terrain.
scene_heading: 148 MED. TRACKING SHOT. BRIGHTON AND CORPORAL JENKINS,
text: his orderly, are riding several yards in front of LAWRENCE, who,
text: with a map case on his knee, is noting the course of the caravan.
text: Surrounding the three EUROPEANS is a moving mass of goats,
text: sheep, camels, WOMEN on foot and in howdahs, CHILDREN,
text: WARRIORS, and baggage camels - a Biblical scene of Exodus.
text: 149 CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE raises the compass to his eyes and looks
dialog: through it.
text: 150 MED. SHOT. As seen through the markings of the compass the
text: CAMERA tracks behind the upright figure of FEISAL mounted on
text: his white mare and flanked by his two negro SLAVES anda
scene_heading: STANDARD BEARER.
text: 151 CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE lowers the compass and marks a position
text: onthe map. Hearing a sudden burst of shouting and laughter he
text: looks up.
text: 152 MED. TRACKING SHOT. From behind a forest of marching camel
text: legs an infuriated GOATHERD is shouting at two BOYS in the fore-
text: ground of picture. One of the BOYS is trying to ride a bucking and
text: protesting ram, while the other, roaring with laughter, is trying to
text: keep him on. The ram eventually throws the RIDER on to the
text: ground just as the GOATHERD springs out and proceeds to lay about
text: them both with his stick. The BOYS escape among the camels only
text: to be met by another series of blows from the RIDERS. The
text: CAMERA tracks with them down the line until they finally reach a
text: peaceful haven beside LAWRENCE. For a few paces they march in
text: silence rubbing their tender backs, then, with a winning smile,
text: DAUD, the tougher of the two, looks up at LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: (miming)
dialog: Cigarette?
dialog: 
dialog: yo
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: GB
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 41
dialog: 152 Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sorry.
text: (he spreads his hands.
text: Then returns to his map)
text: DAUD. looks up, interested, but the other imp, FARRAJ, nudges him
text: and points to the two RIDERS ahead. They run forward out of the
dialog: picture.
text: 158 MED. TRACKING SHOT. BRIGHTON and JENKINS. The two BOYS
text: appear on either side of JENKINS' camel.
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: Cigarette, your excellency?
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: 'Umph off!
text: FARRAJ looks up at the CORPORAL with his soft swimming eyes,
text: and raises his hands in a gesture of prayer.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Please, your excellency. Just one for two.
text: The CORPORAL relents and throws down a cigarette packet. The
text: BOYS leap on it, only to find that itis empty. The CORPORAL
text: laughs. There is an exchange of looks between the two BOYS, and
text: the CAMERA drops back with them as they take up a position
text: immediately behind the CORPORAL's camel. With the deftness of
text: long practice, FARRAJ daintily lifts the camel's tail and DAUD
text: rams his stick home. The camel roars and takes off.
text: 154 CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON, shouting after the CORPORAL.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Hold it, Jenkins!
text: 155 CLOSE SHOT. JENKINS falls to the ground with a thud.
text: 156 CLOSE SHOT. DAUD and FARRAJ walking along with studied
text: ‘innocence. They hear someone laughing and turn.
text: 157 CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE sees the two imps looking at him, and
text: checks his laughter.
text: 158 MED. SHOT. Taking advantage of his appreciation, the two
text: BOYS fall in beside LAWRENCE's camel.
dialog: 
dialog: C) 158 Continued
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: Aurens ?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Aurens.
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: You have no orderly.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I don't need an orderly.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: (considers this)
dialog: No? We can do everything - light fires -
dialog: cook food - wash clothes -
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: ~ yes everything.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: It will be very nice for you.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I can't afford it.
text: © This is unanswerable. The BOYS grimace sympathetically and
text: LAWRENCE urges his camel forward out of picture. We stay on
text: the two BOYS looking about for fresh worlds to conquer.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: 159 LONG SHOT. SUNSET. The new camp has been set up beneath a
text: protecting ring of smooth rocks and high banks of sand at the edge of
text: a remote plateau. The smoke of the fires rises straight into the air,
dialog: 
text: and.one by one, lights appear in the largest and most central of the,
text: Bedouin tents. On the heights above the camp, the tiny figures of
text: SENTRIES are silhouetted against the soft glow of the sunset. It is a
text: scene of great tranquility after the noise and bustle of the previous
dialog: sequences. :
text: 160 LONG SHOT. From their angle, the camp.
dialog: 
text: 161 MED. SHOT. INT. FEISAL's tent. Though large, it is a plain
text: black tent like the others, very sparsely "furnished", though a carpet
text: is essential. Present are FEISAL, BRIGHTON, LAWRENCE and the
text: RECITER, to whom they are listening, BRIGHTON with a gentlemanly
text: self-control which shrieks impatience, FEISAL head back, eyes
text: closed, LAWRENCE head down, face hidden.
dialog: eo
dialog: 43
dialog: 161 Continued
speaker_heading: RECITER
dialog: ‘ Recite then as much of the Koran as may
dialog: be easy to you. God knoweth that there
dialog: be some among you sick while others travel
dialog: through the earth and others do battle in His
dialog: cause. Recite therefore as much as may be
dialog: easy. And seek ye forgiveness of God.
dialog: Verily God is forgiving, merciful.
dialog: During this recital (which can of course be lengthened or shortened as
text: necessary) ALI enters back to CAMERA seen by FEISAL whose eyes
text: - flick open, unseen by LAWRENCE or BRIGHTON, who face FEISAL.
text: When the recital is finished.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Greetings, Ali.
text: LAWRENCE and BRIGHTON turn surprised, LAWRENCE's expression
text: changes. With him, we recognize ALI.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (salaaming to FEISAL)
dialog: My lord.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (a curt greeting)
dialog: Sherif.
text: ALI salaams silently to BRIGHTON. His hostile eyes return to
text: LAWRENCE. FEISAL claps‘his hands. ALI sits, not taking his eyes
text: from LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Lieutenant Lawrence, you have met
dialog: Sherif Ali, I think.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (very dry)
dialog: Yes my lord.
text: In answer to FEISAL's clap a SERVANT appears and serves ALI
dialog: with coffee, while:
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: And now Selim, "The Brightness".
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “eB
dialog: 
dialog: 44
dialog: 161 Continued
speaker_heading: RECITER
dialog: By the noon day brightness and by the
dialog: night when it darkeneth, thy Lord hath
dialog: not forsaken thee neither hath He been
text: displeased.
text: BRIGHTON exhibits impatience when the RECITER recommences.
text: FEISAL, seeing this, smiles gently, lays a hand on the RECITER's
text: wrist and finishes for him:
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: And surely the future shall be better for
dialog: thee than the past -
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: - And in the end shall your Lord be bounteous
dialog: to thee and thou be satisfied.
text: 162 REACTION SHOT. BRIGHTON surprised, FEISAL surprised and
dialog: pleased.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (looking at LAWRENCE)
dialog: So?
text: 163 REACTION SHOT. ALI's eyes flick suspiciously from FEISAL to
text: LAWRENCE, they smiling at one another. FEISAL takes in ALI,
text: rampant Bedouin, BRIGHTON, European couchant. He sighs.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Yes, Colonel.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: I want a decision, sir.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: You want me to fall back on Yenbo,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Well you're not doing much good here
dialog: sir! ... Sorry to rub it in sir, but -
text: (bursting out; he has
dialog: been over this ground
dialog: a dozen times)
dialog: We can't supply you here sir!
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: You could supply us through Akaba!
dialog: 
dialog: 7
dialog: 45
dialog: f
dialog: O 163 Continued
speaker_heading: } BRIGHTON
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: Akaba!
dialog: (angry)
dialog: 9° Oh well if you can get hold of Akaba sir
dialog: of course we can supply you. But you
dialog: can't!
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: You could.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: : BRIGHTON
dialog: : (incredulous)
dialog: You mean the Navy? The Turks have
dialog: lo twelve inch guns at Akaba sir - can you
dialog: _ imagine what that means?
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (heavily; dejected)
dialog: Twelve inches. Yes, I can imagine.
dialog: be .
speaker_heading: o BRIGHTON
dialog: (more gently)
dialog: Put that out of your mind sir; the Navy's
dialog: got other things to do.
dialog: ww
dialog: a)
speaker_heading: } FEISAL
dialog: | Ah yes. Protecting the Suez Canal.
speaker_heading: ; BRIGHTON
dialog: 5 (as one who states
dialog: Me the obvious)
dialog: i The one essential sector of this Front is
dialog: and must be the Canal. You see that sir,
dialog: surely?
speaker_heading: oO FEISAL
dialog: I see that the Canal is an essential British
dialog: interest. It is of little consequence to us.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: CG I must ask you not to talk like that sir.
dialog: . The British and Arab interests are one
dialog: ‘ and the same.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Possibly.
dialog: 0
text: ALIlaughs sharply. BRIGHTON is disgusted.
dialog: 163 Continued
dialog: 
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: FEISAL:
dialog: 
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Upon my word sir you're ungrateful.
dialog: Fall back on Yenbo and we will give you
dialog: equipment! We will give you arms,
dialog: advice, training, everything:
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Guns?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
text: A modern rifle for every man.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: No: Guns! Artillery! Guns like the
dialog: Turkish guns at Medina!
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (lounging, sneering)
dialog: Yes; give us guns; and keep the training.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Your men need training far more than
dialog: guns sir.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: The British will teach the Bedouin
dialog: how to fight?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: We will teach them Sherif Ali, to fight
dialog: a modern mechanized army!
text: LAWRENCE makes an involuntary movement, suppresses ‘it, but
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Lieutenant? What do you think of Yenbo?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I think it is far from Damascus.
dialog: .
text: } FEISAL and ALI react to this. So does BRIGHTON, alarmed.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: We'll have you in Damascus sir, never fear -
dialog: wes
dialog: ©
dialog: ot
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: AT
dialog: 163 Continued
speaker_heading: FEISAL
speaker_heading: (scanning LAWRENCE
dialog: with interest)
dialog: Have you been in Damascus, Mr. Lawrence?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes my lord.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: It is beautiful, is it not?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Very.
text: Neither ALI nor BRIGHTON likes this rapport. ALI sits up, against
text: a pole; this STRANGER must be watched. BRIGHTON says, quietly
dialog: but compellingly:
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: That'll do, Lawrence.
dialog: (sternly, to FEISAL)
dialog: Dreaming won't get you to Damascus, sir.
dialog: (kindly, persuasively)
dialog: But discipline will.
text: While BRIGHTON goes on, cut to ALI and LAWRENCE in silent con-
text: frontation, cutting back to BRIGHTON only for the last two beats:
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Now look sir, Great Britain is a small
dialog: country - much smaller than yours.
dialog: Small population compared with some.
dialog: It's small but it's great. And why - ?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Because it has guns!
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Because it has discipline!
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Because it has a Navy. Because of this
dialog: the English go where they please and
dialog: strike where they please, and this makes
dialog: them great.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Right.
dialog: ve
dialog: :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 163 Continued
dialog: 48
text: FEISAL looks to him again. At once the storm breaks.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Lawrence that'll do!
dialog: (quick, before FEISAL
dialog: can speak)
dialog: Lieutenant Lawrence is not your Military
dialog: Advisor sir!
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: But I should like to hear his opinion.
text: LAWRENCE opens his mouth. BRIGHTON jumps down it.
text: FEISAL remains absolutely unmoved, maintaining towards LAWRENC!:
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Goddammit Lawrence, from whom do you
dialog: take your orders?
speaker_heading: RECITER
text: From Lord Feisal, in Feisal's tent.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Old fool! Why turn from him (Brighton)
dialog: to him? (Lawrence) They are master and
dialog: 7
dialog: man.
text: an attitude of polite attention, LAWRENCE knows he is crossing the
dialog: Rubicon.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: My lord... I think ... I think your Book
dialog: is right.
text: (he points to the Koran.
text: FEISAL cocks his head
dialog: enquiringly)
dialog: "The desert is an ocean in which no oar
dialog: is dipped". And on this ocean the Bedu
dialog: go where they please and strike where
dialog: they please ... This is the way the Bedu
dialog: has always fought ... You are famed
dialog: throughout the world for fighting in this
dialog: way. And this is the way you should
dialog: fight now.
text: ALI agrees with every word of this and is rendered trebly suspicious.
text: BRIGHTON can barely comprehend such atrocious insubordination.
dialog: 
dialog: 49
dialog: 163 Continued
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (disgusted, as one
dialog: who gives up)
dialog: Well I don't know...
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (distressed)
dialog: I'm sorry sir - but you're wrong! ;
dialog: (he turns to FEISAL) i
dialog: Fall back on Yenbo sir and the Arab
dialog: Rising becomes one poor unit in the i
dialog: British Army.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (wild with jealousy
dialog: and suspicion)
dialog: What is this to you?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Lawrence, do you know that you're a
dialog: traitor?
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: No no ~ he is a young man, Colonel, and
dialog: young men are passionate. They must
dialog: say their say; but wiser people must
dialog: decide. I know you are right. i
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (curtly) ;
dialog: Very well, sir, when shall we move?
dialog: The sooner the better sir, you'll lose
dialog: another fifty men tonight.
speaker_heading: FEISAL )
dialog: (stung)
dialog: You tread heavily ... But you speak the
dialog: truth. I will give you my answer
dialog: tomorrow. And now
dialog: (he rises)
text: it is late.
dialog: en
text: It is the dismissal. Allrise. BRIGHTON salutes. ALI salaams.
text: BRIGHTON politely ushers ALI out before himself, but himself
text: precedes LAWRENCE. Just as LAWRENCE is following, FEISAL
text: makes him a discreet signal to remain. Outside in the dark,
text: BRIGHTON and ALI regard the tent flap, expecting LAWRENCE.
dialog: 
dialog: 50
dialog: 163 Continued
text: It dawns on them that he has been detained for a private audience.
text: They stare at one another. They turn, and make their separate
text: ways between the tents.
text: Inside the tent FEISAL and LAWRENCE both stand.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Colonel Brighton means to put my men
dialog: under European Officers does he not?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: In effect my lord, yes.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: And I must do it, for the Turks have
dialog: European guns. But I fear to do it upon
dialog: my soulldo. The English have a great:
dialog: hunger for desolate places, Lieutenant I
dialog: _fear they hunger for Arabia.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Then you must deny it to them.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: You are an Englishman. Are you not
dialog: loyal to England?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (hesitates, smiles a
dialog: smile of intellectual, not
dialog: emotive humour)
dialog: To England and to other things.
dialog: But FEISAL will not play the intellectual game, though amply
dialog: intellectual- for him the question is practical, and his expression is
text: serious as he draws up to LAWRENCE and says thoughifully:
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: To England and Arabia both? Andis
dialog: that possible ...?
text: (he approaches LAWRENCE
text: closely and considers him.
dialog: He nods)
dialog: I think you are another of these desert-
dialog: loving Englishmen -
dialog: (he walks away)
text: Doughty, Stanhope, Gordon of Khartoum.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 163 Continued
text: He indicates graciously the tent flap. They move over to it, and
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: FEISAL (Cont)
dialog: (he turns)
dialog: No Arab loves the desert. We love water
text: and green trees. There is nothing in the
dialog: desert. Andno man needs nothing.
dialog: (His tone changes from the
dialog: philosophic to the emotional)
dialog: ... or is it that you think we are something
dialog: you can play with because we are a little
text: people, a silly people; greedy, barbarous
dialog: and cruel?
speaker_heading: (LAWRENCE looks
dialog: surprised)
dialog: But you know, Lieutenant, in the Arab
dialog: city of Cordova were two miles of public
dialog: lighting in the streets - when London was
dialog: a village!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes, you were great.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Nine centuries ago.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: Time to be great again my Lord.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: Which is why my father made this war
dialog: upon the Turks - my father, Mr. Lawrence,
dialog: not the English!
text: (he is suddenly overcome
dialog: by melancholy)
dialog: But my father is old andI - I long for the
dialog: vanished Gardens of Cordova...
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: However, before the gardens must come
dialog: the fighting.
text: FEISAL courteously holds it apart.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (with formal politeness,smiling)
dialog: To be great again, it seems we need the English or...
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: 
dialog: 52
dialog: 163 Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Or ...?
speaker_heading: : FEISAL
dialog: (looking out over the
dialog: silence encampment)
dialog: What no man can provide, Lieutenant.
dialog: We need a miracle.
text: FEISAL nods a polite goodnight, and LAWRENCE leaves.
text: 164 CLOSE SHOT. Outside, LAWRENCE comes to a slow halt a few
text: yards from the tent. As he stands looking down at the ground in
text: deep thought, a slow dynamo-like theme begins on the SOUND TRACK.
text: An irritation crosses his mind, the music stops, and he looks up.
text: 165 MED. SHOT. BRIGHTON's brightly lit army tent glowing out
dialog: among its neighbours.
text: 166 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE's eyes return to the ground and the
text: music begins again, then, very slowly, he walks off in the opposite
dialog: direction.
text: 167 MED. SHOT. FEISAL is sitting alone inside his tent. He looks up
text: towards the tent flap trying to collect his curiously conflicting thoughts
text: about the young man outside.
text: 168 CLOSE SHOT. A set of moonlit footprints in clean sand. The
text: dynamo theme takes on an overtone of mysticism as the CAMERA
text: pans upwards following the footprints, and we see the dark outline
text: of LAWRENCE's back as he strolls slowly in deep thought towards
text: the open desert.
text: 169 LONG SHOT. Two small FIGURES scamper along a sandy ridge.
text: On reaching the end of a promontory, they stop.
text: 170 CLOSE UP. FARRAJ and DAUD squat into picture, looking
text: downwards with curiosity.
text: 171 LONG SHOT. The small figure of LAWRENCE walking in the desert
text: below. He comes to a stop with his hands in his pockets.
text: 172 CLOSE UP. The two IMPS look down, puzzled.
text: 173 LONG SHOT. The dark figure of LAWRENCE, standing in deep
text: concentration, outlinedagainst the brilliant white of the moonlit
dialog: 
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 17
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
dialog: 53
dialog: Continued
text: desert. The dynamic theme increases in intensity, and LAWRENCE
text: begins to wander off in another direction.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: MEDIUM SHOT: A dawn sky. LAWRENCE is standing quite still,
text: oblivious of the two BOYS who squat down only a few yards above him.
text: CLOSE UP: The IMPS sit patiently watching LAWRENCE like two
text: dogs watching their master. Then DAUD picks up a jagged stone of
text: some bright colour and suggests in pantomime that he throw it down
text: towards LAWRENCE. FARRAJ shakes his head, but unable to
text: restrain himself, DAUD gently lobs it out of picture.
text: MEDIUM SHOT: The stone lands at LAWRENCE's feet. At first he
text: seems not to notice it, but then, without interrupting his concentra-
text: tion, he aimlessly picks up the stone, bounces it up and down in the
text: palm of his hand, and walks slowly away. The IMPS get up and run
text: out of picture.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: LONG SHOT: DAY. LAWRENCE is sitting under a stunted desert
text: tree. One of the BOYS sits before him, the OTHER is busy behind
text: him. Apart from this tiny group, the frame is completely empty,
text: above, below, and to either side.
text: MEDIUM SHOT: The SAME. FARRAJ is hanging an odd piece of
text: cloth in the branches so that LAWRENCE's head is shaded. Three or
text: four yards in front of LAWRENCE, with his back to camera, sits
text: DAUD - also cross-legged - watching him as he continues playing with
text: the stone. FARRAJ comes and sits down near to DAUD, so that
text: LAWRENCE is framed between the backs of the two BOYS. The
text: CAMERA starts. to creep in towards LAWRENCE. The music,
text: which has never stopped, builds up andup. LAWRENCE begins to
text: hold the stone so tightly that his fist vibrates with the unconscious
text: effort. He looks directly up at the two BOYS, but his eyes are
text: focused on the distance and he is not really seeing them.
text: CLOSE UP: The IMPS stare back. They don't know why, but they
dialog: are rather frightened.
text: CLOSE UP:. LAWRENCE. The music stops. There is a pause.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Akaba.
dialog: 
text: 181 CLOSE UP; The two BOYS don't understand.
scene_heading: 182-MEDIUM SHOT: LAWRENCE and the BOYS.
dialog: 183
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Akaba - from the land!
dialog: 54
text: He comes to and chucks the stone at the BOYS. DAUD catches it,
text: then looks up in surprise and points to LAWRENCE's
dialog: hand, It is
text: bleeding. LAWRENCE licks his palm mechanically, and above his
text: hand we see his gaze is no- longer inwards but outwards and actively
text: excited. He gets to his feet. Exciting, whirling music begins. The
text: CAMERA PANS and TRACKS with LAWRENCE as he walks away
text: from the three. The two BOYS follow close behind.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: walks faster and faster until he is running - as a man runs who has
text: a specific destination. The music builds. The camp
text: background and the run becomes a race. LAWRENCE
dialog: appears in the
dialog: disappears
text: among the tents, and the BOYS put on a spurt but DAUD trips over a
text: root and goes sprawling, and MUSIC stops when:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: 184 CLOSE SHOT ALI
speaker_heading: : ALI
dialog: You are mad. To come to Akaba by land
dialog: we should have to cross the Nefud.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: ALIA
dialog: The Nefud cannot be crossed.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I'll cross it if you will.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You? It takes more than a compass,
dialog: Englishman.
speaker_heading: (LAWRENCE does
dialog: not flicker)
dialog: The Nefud is the worst place God created!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh I can't answer for the place. Only
dialog: for myself.
text: ALI begins to be fascinated. LAWRENCE drives on:
dialog: O 184 Continued
dialog: eo
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Fifty men?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Fifty, against Akaba?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: If fifty men came out of the Nefud, they
dialog: would be fifty men that other men might
dialog: join.
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: The Howeitat are there I hear.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (promptly)
dialog: The Howeitat are brigands; they will
dialog: sell themselves to anyone.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Good fighters: though.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Good, yes...
dialog: (bursts out)
text: There are guns at Akaba.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: They face the sea Ali. And they cannot
text: be turned round. From the landward
text: side there are no guns at Akaha.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: With good reason! It cannot be approached
dialog: from the landward side?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Certainly the Turks do not dream of it.
text: He turns and points to the horizon.
text: 185 LONG SHOT of this while he says on SOUND TRACK.
dialog: >
dialog: >
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Akaba's over there Ali. It's only a
dialog: matter of going. .
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: 186 CLOSE SHOT ALI
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (with horror and
dialog: unwilling respect)
dialog: You are mad!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: 187 A ROCKY OUTCROP. Grey dawn. LAWRENCE burdened with
text: pistol, bandolier and saddlebags is striding round the edge of it.
text: In the background, at a distance, is the camp with smoke
text: ascending from one or two early fires, but no other sign of life.
text: Except, that is, when LAWRENCE looks over his shoulder to make
dialog: sure he has been been seen, and:
scene_heading: 188 LONG SHOT. DAUD and FARRAJ are following.
text: 189 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE does not look at all pleased or
text: charmed, but he accepts the phenomenom as a sensible man
dialog: accepts flies, that is without pleasure but also without flap; and
text: skirting the curve of the outcrop he sees:
text: 190 LONGSHOT. The RAIDING PARTY making its last minute
text: preparations. Some of the camels are being loaded, some are
text: already rearing to go; the atmosphere is as tense and technical
text: as in a Grand Prix racing pit, except that there is no shouting - on
text: the contrary all is done very quietly. LAWRENCE pauses to take
text: in the scene and FEISAL steps out of the shelter of the rock.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (smiles, but rather
dialog: faintly and searchingly)
dialog: And where are you going, Lieutenant -
dialog: with fifty of my men?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (smiling )
dialog: To work your miracle.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Blasphemy.
text: (he walks LAWRENCE into
dialog: and through the RAIDING
dialog: PARTY, knowing where
dialog: LAWRENCE's camel is,
speaker_heading: CAMERA tracking)
dialog: is a bad beginning to such a journey.
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: 57
dialog: 190 Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Who told you?
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Ali did. Why not you?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (it is a bit awkward.
text: He shifts his bags from
dialog: one hand to the other)
dialog: You are falling back, on Yenbo, sir.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
text: (glances at him side-
dialog: long, muttering)
dialog: Yes, yes, I must .... But I will spare
dialog: these to you.
text: They have arrived at LAWRENCE's camel; ALI is by it, busy with
text: his own. He looks at LAWRENCE but makes no greeting, defensive-
dialog: aggressive.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Did Ali break confidence, to tell me?
text: Before LAWRENCE can answer FEISAL holds up a hand and listens.
text: Quietness falls all about. The distant Muezzin is heard from the
text: camp and with a single wave-like rustling, all but LAWRENCE are
text: kneeling towards Mecca. He looks about; we see what he sees;
text: then he busies himself quietly with his bags. When the prayer is
text: ended ALI is the first to rise, and again he and LAWRENCE
text: exchange their defensive-aggressive stare. FEISAL rises last.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Sherif Ali owes you his allegiance,
dialog: my lord.
dialog: (he gets into the saddle)
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (searchingly)
dialog: Yet you did not tell Colonel Brighton.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (inexpressively)
dialog: No.
dialog: (he gets into the saddle)
dialog: ]
dialog: 5
dialog: 58
text: 191 LONG SHOT. DAUD and FARRAJ hang off the RAIDING PARTY,
text: wistfully.
text: 192 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE looks down into the CAMERA from his
text: camel, which has risen, and behind we see ALI and OTHERS
text: similarly risen.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Since you do know; we can claim
dialog: to ride in the name of Feisal of Mecca.
scene_heading: 193 CLOSE SHOT. FEISAL
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (looking upwards, from
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE's angle)
dialog: Yes, Lieutenant Lawrence, you may
dialog: claim it. But in whose name do you
dialog: ride?
text: 194 CUT SHARPLY, with MUSIC quite loud, to the head and shoulders
text: of LAWRENCE, riding; broad day. His expression is that of an
text: excited young man who nevertheless controls himself. As he rides
text: he slightly turns his head from left to right, trying to see what is
text: behind him without overtly turning round. The MUSIC gathers
text: yet more force. Finally he is unable to overcome the temptation and
text: twists right round in the saddle.
text: 195 MED. SHOT. What he sees: (And with a crash the theme fills to
text: full pitch) The RAIDING PARTY strung out four abreast behind him.
text: 196 CLOSE UP TRACKING. ALI and LAWRENCE. LAWRENCE turns
text: to the front again, his eyes blazing. He straightens himself in the’
text: saddle and erects his head. His face is stiffened with disciplined
text: ecstasy. ALI has been watching him: he smiles sardonically.
text: 197 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. The CAMERA now starts to move down
text: the line of RIDERS, introducing each in turn as they pass through
text: the shot trotting a little faster than the CAMERA. First come
text: ALI's two NEGRO SLAVES, magnificent in their red-tipped costumes.
text: Then banners, followed by exotic faces, fiercely and seriously con-
text: centrated ahead. Last of all come the baggage camels, laden with
text: food and rolled-up tents. We see, individually, GASIM, a shifty,
text: cheerful, undersized and impoverished Bedouin, the ELDER HARITH,
text: a middle-aged and well-equipped warrior with a calm strong face,
text: and MAJID a willowy young Ageyli with splendid clothes, made-up
text: eyes and an elegant manner, but a dashing rider and most seriously
dialog: armed.
dialog: 
dialog: 59
text: 198 LONG SHOT TRACKING. For the first time we see the RAIDING
text: PARTY as awhole. The CAMERA follows it for quite some time
text: as it weaves its way through the multi-coloured sands and rocks.
text: ALI raises his camel stick pointing out a change of direction away
text: from CAMERA. The MUSIC grows fainter and fainter as the
text: RAIDERS draw away leaving a cloud of dust behind them.
text: 199 MED. SHOT. Round the corner of a hillock we have just passed, a
text: single and rather mangy camel appears with two RIDERS. As the
text: animal is brought to a halt we recognise FARRAJ and DAUD. DAUD
text: is in front with FARRAJ mounted pillion-fashion behind him, his
text: hands clasped around DAUD's waist. The two IMPS furtively watch
text: the desert ahead.
text: 200 LONG SHOT. From their viewpoint we see the receding column
text: of dust sent up by the RAIDING PARTY. . ,
text: 201 CLOSE SHOT. DAUD and FARRAJ. They wait for a few seconds,
text: then DAUD gives their camel a smart whack and CAMERA pans
text: with them as they trot off across the desert plain.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: 202 CLOSE SHOT. DAUD and FARRAJ, hidden behind a fold in the
text: ground. Late afternoon. On their bellies, they munch some
text: unappetizing and crumbly food. By their sides we see their water can ~
text: not a proper one, but improvised from an old tin - empty. They are
text: looking off screen, yearningly. On SOUND TRACK we hear distant
text: cheerful voices and the roar of a camel. DAUD essays another
text: mouthful of the dry stuff; chewing mechanically and half-heartedly,
text: crumbs falling heedless from his lips, he gazes off fascinated, at:
text: 203 MEDIUM SHOT. The glittering water of a palm-fringed oasis. The
text: Raiders (their voices now suddenly loud on SOUND TRACK) are
text: preparing for the night in high good humour, the sadness of parting
text: over and the hard part of the journey not yet begun. The water
text: occupies most of the screen, the men merely a human fringe at its
text: periphery. They drink, call to one another, drink, pour water on
text: their heads, splash, dabble their hands, or merely smile at their
text: own reflections. A fire is kindled food is in the offing. But above
dialog: all there is water.
text: 204 CLOSE SHOT. DAUD and FARRAJ as before, looking off (the
text: voices distant again). They look at one another hesitantly. Look
text: off again. With determination DAUD seizes the can. They slither
text: down the reverse slope.
text: 205 CLOSE SHOT. In the oasis LAWRENCE is wringing out a spare
text: army singlet, crouching, watched by ALI who lounges at a little
text: distance from him. LAWRENCE is qware of ALI's regard. On
text: SOUND TRACK, raised voices. LAWRENCE looks up, merely
dialog: aeminna ATT alart.
dialog: i
dialog: cs
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 206
dialog: 60
text: CLOSE MOVING SHOT. GASIM is coming through the palm trees
text: with DAUD and FARRAJ. He has DAUD by a handful of his thick
text: hair and FARRAJ by the ear. GASIM is delighted to be the centre
text: of attention and gives DAUD a rough shake now and then, and DAUD
text: plays up with clowning and affected fear. But FARRAJ is in pain and
text: his dignity offended and has set his face disobligingly. The Raiders
text: - laugh and applaud. These are known characters evidently.
dialog: 207
text: LAWRENCE and ALI. LAWRENCE as before but ALI is standing.
text: GASIM comes on frame and throws down his captives. One or two of
dialog: the others have followed.
speaker_heading: GASIM
dialog: I caught them Sherif. They have tracked
dialog: us. They were here.
dialog: (with an ingratiating
dialog: nod to LAWRENCE)
dialog: I caught them.
text: ALI picks up his camel whip.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Why are you here? Boy.
text: He pushes FARRAJ with his foot.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: To serve Lord Aurens, Sherif.
text: DAUD, having improved the moment by surreptitiously snatching a
text: handful of water, nods cheerfully at LAWRENCE. ALI looks at
text: LAWRENCE sardonically. LAWRENCE is attracted to the boys but
text: senses that the situation holds trouble for him.. He will have no
text: part of them, and looks away as one bored or one who will have no
dialog: concern in something no concern of his.. 1
speaker_heading: GASIM
dialog: (anxious to be indispensable)
dialog: That is true, Aurens. They do wish it.
text: He turns for confirmation to the others, but LAWRENCE again looks
text: away, unconcerned, and doesn't even seem to hear what follows.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You have been tracking us.
text: (he looks uneasily over the
text: horizon. He twitches his whip)
dialog: You were told to stay!
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: No Sherif, our camel strayed. We followed her.
dialog: 
dialog: co
dialog: ©
dialog: 61
dialog: 207 Continued
speaker_heading: DAUD )
dialog: (solemnly)
dialog: She led us here to be Lord Auren's servants.
dialog: (looking at LAWRENCE) :
dialog: It is the will of Allah.
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (technically, not angrily)
dialog: Blasphemy.
text: He brings the whip down hard on DAUD's shoillders. At once
text: LAWRENCE looks up.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Don't do that.
text: Immediate silence. He rises. He is hesitating. GASIM steps in to
text: save him from a social blunder.
speaker_heading: GASIM
dialog: Oh these are not servants Aurens - these :
dialog: are... outcasts, parentless ... .
text: (he shrugs, not expressing
dialog: ‘pity but on the contrary
dialog: apologising for such creatures)
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: _ (shortly) '
dialog: Be warned. They are not suitable. ,
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: They sound very suitable ... You.can
text: ride with the baggage.
text: They are at his feet, touching head and heart. ALI stalks away
text: disgustedly, turning only to say:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: These are not servants, these are worshippers.
text: 208 CLOSE.SHOT. LAWRENCE trades look for look.. On SOUND TRACK.
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: Aurens.
text: 209 CLOSE SHOT. The boys are still kneeling. The other Raiders have
text: drifted away, but GASIM stands over them quite proprietorial, as
dialog: though this were what he had intended all along. We only see his
text: bottom half as we are looking down on the boys POV LAWRENCE.
text: DAUD is holding up one finger.
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: One shilling every week?
speaker_heading: GASIM
dialog: (judicial)
dialog: That is fair.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 62
dialog: 209 Continued
speaker_heading: DAUD
speaker_heading: (a quick glance at FARRAJ)
dialog: Each?
speaker_heading: GASIM
dialog: (scandalised)
dialog: No that is too much!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: All right.
text: With a nod and rather awkward smile, he moves away. GASIM looks
text: after him and calls (if possible from an empty uncluttered screen, so
dialog: that he has "significance".).
speaker_heading: GASIM
dialog: They will be lucky for you!
dialog: (with the dreadful piety of a
dialog: thorough-going sinner:)
dialog: Allah favours the compassionate!
speaker_heading: cuT
text: 210-The singing wires of the telegraph above the railway.
speaker_heading: 215 DISSOLVE TO
text: 216 MED. LONG SHOT. A CRESTED DUNE. LAWRENCE and ALI appear,
text: halt and look towards us. The MAIN PARTY appears and does the samr
scene_heading: 217 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and ALI
speaker_heading: ALI wee
dialog: There is the railway and that - is the desert.
text: 218 LONG SHOT. Beyond the railway a limitless vista of shining white.
speaker_heading: ALI
scene_heading: (on SOUND TRACK)
dialog: From here until the other side, no water
dialog: but what we carry. For the camels, no
dialog: water at all. If the camels die, we die. And
dialog: in twenty days they will start to die.
scene_heading: 219 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and ALI.
speaker_heading: ALI
text: (sardonically polite as he triumphs
text: over LAWRENCE who stares ahead
dialog: of him)
dialog: You see?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (equally polite)
dialog: Yes. There's no time to waste then, is there?
dialog: (and he moves forward)
text: 220 MED. SHOT. From among the RAIDERS we follow LAWRENCE
text: down the slope; he crosses the line ahead of us and rides into the
dialog: decert..”
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 63
text: 221 LOW GROUND SHOT. Along the line. The camels of the RAIDERS
text: cross, some close, others more distant seen between their moving
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: 222 FIRST AERIAL SHOT. THE RAIDERS, not in precise formation, but
text: still quite well gathered, ina disjointed column, move over the plain.
text: Shot starts at the rear, moving forward and continues on into the plain.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 223 LONG SHOT. A FEATURELESS DESERT WASTELAND. The
text: RAIDERS are spread out in no particular order, plodding on under a
text: high sun.
text: 224 MED. SHOT. MEN and beasts are exhausted. The RIDERS jerk up
text: and down like sacks. .
text: 225 MED. SHOT. Another angle.
text: 226 MED. SHOT. Still another angle - building a sense of monotony.
text: 227 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. ALI, followed by his ‘TWO SERVANTS.
text: The SERVANTS tired, ALI alert. He looks over at:
text: 228 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE followed by FARRAJ and
text: DAUD. LAWRENCE's eyes are fixed dreamily on:
text: 229 MED. SHOT TRACKING. A DUST DEVIL twisting and turning
text: across the desert floor.
text: 230 CLOSE UP TRACKING: LAWRENCE bobbing monotonously up and
text: down. His half-closed eyes follow the dust devil downwards.
text: 231 CLOSE SHOT. The foot of the dust devil sucking the ground ina
text: giddy spiral.
text: 232 CLOSE UP TRACKING: LAWRENCE. He pulls himself together and
text: looks away from the dust devil to his own shadow.
text: 233 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. His shadow jerking and flitting,
text: expanding and contracting on the desert floor.
text: 234.CLOSE UP TRACKING. LAWRENCE. His head jerks sleepily .
text: He is about to fall off. He.jerks himself upright, but again his
text: head nods forward. ALI comes up alongside, smiles with grini
text: satisfaction, and pokes LAWRENCE with his stick. LAWRENCE
text: immediately opens his eyes, straightens.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I was thinking.
dialog: ‘
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 64
dialog: 234 Continued
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (mockery)
dialog: You were drifting.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes.
text: (his face is steely,
text: his voice rustling and
dialog: dary)
dialog: It will not happen again.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (as before)
dialog: Be warned, you were drifting.
speaker_heading: . LAWRENCE
dialog: It will not happen again!
scene_heading: , - DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 235
dialog: - 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
text: A DIFFERENT TYPE OF "FEATURELESS" LANDSCAPE. (But
dialog: absence of feature, absence of colour must be common to all these
text: Trek sequences.) Another HELICOPTER shot, but not aerial:
text: we are speeding over the flat ground towards the RAIDERS who
text: are now in much more open order, each MAN absorbed.in his own
dialog: suffering.
text: MED. TRACKING SHOTS. The ELDER HARITH unmoved, MAJID
text: ennobled, GASIM actively sorry for himself and hating his camel.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT LAWRENCE. He is looking away towards
text: his right, his sun-scorched face set in an artificial mask of indiffer-
dialog: ence.
text: LONG SHOT. A MIRAGE CF SPARKLING WATER. It wavers and
text: comes nearer.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE. He turns his head slowly
text: away to the left.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT. A DIFFERENT BUT SIMILAR MIRAGE.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE. He turns his head and
text: looks ahead.
text: LONG SHOT. “A THIRD MIRAGE; this time the corrupting illusion
text: is just a short run away.
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT LAWRENCE and ALI. ALI looks at
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: C) 243
speaker_heading: Cc
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 244
dialog: &
dialog: ©
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: ]©
dialog: 1
dialog: >
dialog: 245
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 246
dialog: © . 247
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 65
dialog: Continued
text: LAWRENCE, sarcastically amused. LAWRENCE turns away his
text: head with a rather weary frown, as one who is bothered by an
text: impertinently curious child. ALI's face darkens.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: MED. SHOT. A BIVOUAC. SUNSET. ALI "in bed". In background
text: all the OTHERS the same, except for LAWRENCE, who is shaving out
text: a spoonful of water -in a tin lid.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: From now on we must travel by night.
dialog: And rest while it is too hot to travel.
dialog: A few hours each day.
dialog: (he watches the effect
dialog: of this)
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (concentrating on his
dialog: shaving)
dialog: Mmm. Why don't we start now?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: No, no.
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: We still rest now; three hours.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (goes on shaving)
dialog: Fine. I'll wake you.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: MED. LONG SHOT. NOON. At a distance from us the RAIDING
text: BARTY. We cannot see the MEN, merely the kneeling camels which
text: are scattered, inthrees and fours and individually. We begin to approac:
dialog: then
speaker_heading: CUT TO
text: MED. SHOT THE SAME. In the tiny shadow afforded by each
text: camel cowers a motionless and shrouded MAN.
text: CLOSE SHOTS. THE CAMELS' HEADS AND FACES. Some of them
text: have gummy foam about their lips.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 66
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI uncovers his head He looks up at the sun.
text: He rises. He rouses ELDER HARITH, who rouses LAWRENCE, who
text: looks round for ALI who is looking back at him. In the background
text: the OTHERS begin to stir.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. Acamel's feet, slipping on a surface
text: of broken stones. CAMERA lifts to ALI. He rides looking down.
text: His camel stumbles, stumbles again. .
text: MED. LONG SHOT Other's of the RAIDERS, looking down anxious}:
dialog: at their stumblingcamél'"s feet.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: MED. AERIAL SHOT. The RAIDERS pick their way across a
text: wilderness of broken stones.
speaker_heading: SHARP CUT TO
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. In brilliant clarity a.camel goes over
text: sideways in a tumbling rush as though pole-axed, its RIDER only
text: glimpsed as he is flung from his saddle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
text: MED. SHOT LAWRENCE, ELDER HARITH, GASIM, stunned into
text: immobility stand and look at the fallen beast, one leg of which is
text: kicking mechanically, but apart from that inert, and the bundle of
text: rag which is a MIDDLE-AGED ARAB. MAJID hobbles over to this,
text: straightens up, looks off at ALI, raising his hands a little.
text: MED. SHOT ALI turns and leads his beast on. MAJID follows
text: suit. As he does so she groans, and slobbers, distressfully jerking
text: her lead. ALI looks round at this, and he and MAJID exchange a seric
dialog: glance.
text: MED. SHOT DAUD and FARRAJ, in the rear, look.back.
text: LONG SHOT THE CORPSES OF THE CAMEL AND THE MAN.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: LONG SHOT Late afternoon on the edge of a mud flat, its shore
text: fringed by black boulders and rocks. The RAIDERS are dismounted
text: anyhow. One or two of the camels now on their sides instead of
text: kneeling. We see three BEDOUINS rubbing water on the tongue of
text: a camel which is at its last gasp. The last of them, two on a beast,
dialog: 
dialog: a 257
dialog: ic
dialog: ,
dialog: ©
dialog: '
speaker_heading: WD
dialog: }
dialog: )
dialog: °
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 259
dialog: if
dialog: ©
dialog: 260
dialog: ie
dialog: 261
dialog: eo 262
dialog: 263
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: 67
dialog: Continued
text: are coming in. Their camel flounders to her knees. ELDER HARITH
text: and ALL, watching this, are joined by LAWRENCE, who swills in the
text: bottom of a mug a few spoonsful of water.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Do we rest here?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (shortly)
dialog: Itold you; when the camels die, we
dialog: die.
dialog: (he goes)
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: There is no rest now, short of water, Aurens.
text: On the other side of that.
dialog: (nodding over the mud flat)
text: LONG SHOT The mud flat in the setting sun.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (on sound track)
dialog: How much of that is there?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: MAJID
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: Iam not sure. But however much, it
dialog: must be crossed before tomorrow's
text: sun gets up.
dialog: (he smiles wryly)
dialog: This is the sun's anvil.
text: AERIAL SHOT. We see the tremendous scale of the flat as the RAIDERS
text: strike out across it from the encircling rocks. This should be the
dialog: biggest and bleakest eye-ful to date.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: LONG SHOT NIGHT Faint moonlight, and the RAIDERS in a more
text: or less orderly line. The CAMERA begins to pan with them.
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE followed by FARRAJ and
speaker_heading: DAUD: :
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT: FARRAJ is nodding in the saddle.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Oo
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
dialog: 266
dialog: 267
speaker_heading: 268
dialog: 269
dialog: 270
dialog: 271
dialog: 272
dialog: 273
dialog: 274
dialog: 275
dialog: 276
dialog: . 68
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHQT. ALI at the head of the column. He is
text: awake and alert and his rifle rests across his saddle.
text: MED, TRACKING SHOT. THE BAGGAGE CAMELS. some of the
text: RIDERS have wedged themselves among the baggage and are asleep.
text: CLOSE UP TRACKING LAWRENCE. He shifts in the saddle taking up
text: a new position. He looks farward to:
text: CLOSE SHOT TRACKING . ALI’S back. Upright and erect.
text: CLOSE UP TRACKING. LAWRENCE.. With half an eye on ALI he
text: raises his arm to read his watch. This done he replaces it. A yawn
text: overtakes him. . :
text: CLOSE ‘SHOT TRACKING ALI's back. He turns looking around the
text: GROUP, and turns back again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: LONG SHOT TRACKING. THE RAIDING PARTY. The moon now ~
text: casting long shadows.
text: CLOSE SHOT TRACKING The shadows bobbing up and down between
text: the camels'legs. The shot is held for several seconds -then there is a
text: cry, and a BODY falls among the shadows..
text: CLOSE UP. The Fallen RIDER is FARRAJ. He sits up, shakes his
text: head, and gets up.
text: MED. SHOT LAWRENCE and DAUD have come to a halt. They wait
text: as FARRAJ runs forward to his camel and brings it to its knees.
text: Other camels pass on through the picture. °
text: CLOSE UP ALI. He too has come toa halt. He stares hard and
text: disapprovingly at what has happened, wheels about again and continues.
text: MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE and DAUD wait until FARRAJ remounts.
text: They move off together.
dialog: on
text: ‘LONG SHOT TRACKING. The RAIDERS plod on.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ce
dialog: 
dialog: 277
dialog: 278
dialog: 279
dialog: 280
dialog: 69
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT: DAYBREAK. The distant RIDERS are
text: approaching the sandy shore on the far side of the mud flat.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE and ALI, and ELDER HARITH
text: all looking down.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. Their camels' feet leave hard mud for
dialog: gravel.
scene_heading: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE, ALI, ELDER HARITH
text: All are slumped, but look -:relieved.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (eager)
dialog: Have we done it?
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: (smiles a little)
dialog: No, but we are off the anvil.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Thank God for that anyway ---
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: Yes, thank Him, Aurens. I do not think
dialog: you know how you have tempted him.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Lknow.
dialog: (to ALI)
dialog: We've done it.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (even he cannot hide entirely
text: his relief. He shrugs.)
dialog: God willing.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: When do we get to the wells?
speaker_heading: ALI
text: God-willing, mid-day.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Then we've done it!
text: DAUD rides up besidethem. He is worried and apprehensive.
dialog: 
dialog: 70
dialog: Cc) 280 Continued
speaker_heading: CO”
speaker_heading: ; . DAUD
dialog: Aurens.
text: He points with his camel stick.
text: ae 281 MEDIUM SHOT. A RIDERLESS CAMEL, saddled.
speaker_heading: a ALI (off)
dialog: Gasim's.
text: lo 282 CLOSE SHOT. ALI and LAWRENCE stationary watched anxiously
speaker_heading: i by DAUD.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: What's happened to him?
speaker_heading: c ALI
dialog: God knows.
text: He considers this, then impatiently urges his camel forward.
text: cS oS LAWRENCE follows, and the CAMERA TRACKS with them.
scene_heading: 283 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT ALI and LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We must go back.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (scornfully)
dialog: What for, to die with Gasim?
dialog: (flatly)
text: In two minutes comes the sun.
text: LAWRENCE stops his camel. ALI instantly stops too.
speaker_heading: ALI i
dialog: In God's name understand! We-can-
dialog: not-go-back!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ' LAWRENCE
dialog: I can.
dialog: (pointing to the boys)
dialog: Cc Take these.
text: Cy LAWRENCE wheels his mount but ALI blocks his way.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: If you go back you kill yourself is all.
dialog: \ Gasim you have killed already.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: CO) 283
dialog: 71
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Get out of my way.
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Gasim's time is come Aurens.
text: (pointing to GASIM's camel)
text: It is written.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (his voice and manner crammed
text: with occidental impatience and
dialog: contempt)
dialog: Nothing is “written.
text: He bursts between them. ALI goes alongside, not attempting any
text: longer to detain hity, but incoherent with venom.
speaker_heading: “ ALI ,
dialog: Go back! English! Blasphemer!
dialog: What then --- what? What did you bring us
dialog: here for --- with your blasphemous conceit?
dialog: Eh --- English blasphemer? Akaba? Was
dialog: it Akaba? You will not be at Akaba, English!
dialog: Go back, blasphemer, but you will not be at
dialog: Akaba!
text: This absolate loss of control yelled into LAWRENCE's face affords
dialog: him the most exquisite satisfaction --- It is victory. To drive the
text: point home, he turns his most amused, most donnish expression
text: upon his hated friend and says pleasantly:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I shall be at Akaba. That is written.
dialog: (points to his own head)
dialog: In here.
text: (he smiles with deliberate
dialog: mildness)
text: ALI stops and looks after him trembling; he casts about for the worst
dialog: word he can think of.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (howling after him)
dialog: English! .... Engli-i-ish!
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oC
dialog: 284
dialog: 285
dialog: 286
speaker_heading: 287
dialog: 288
dialog: 289
dialog: 290
dialog: 291
dialog: 292
dialog: 293
dialog: 294
dialog: e 72
text: MEDIUM SHOT. ALI's viewpoint of LAWRENCE and his camel going
text: back across the flat.
text: CLOSE UP: FARRAJ and DAUD anxiously looking back at the retreating
speaker_heading: figure of LAWRENCE
text: MED. SHOT ALI and his camel in foreground of picture with LAWRENC;
text: in the background. ALI turns his animal around and shouts towards
text: FARRAJ and DAUD as he angrily urges the beast forward.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Get on! Get on!
text: LONG SHOT. The foreground of the picture is composed of GASIM's
text: riderless camel. In thebackground FARRAJ and DAUD turn their
text: animals round and follow the RAIDERS onwards, ALI trots up to
text: the camel in foreground of picture and gives it a vicious lash with
text: his whip. The animal bounds forward and the CAMERA remains
text: on a shot of the sky. The sun has still not risen. The sounds of
text: the retreating raiders grow fainter and fainter. Silence.
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT. GASIM, a tiny figure, in the middle of the
text: mud flat. He is walking slowly but upright and steadily.
text: PRE-SUNRISE. The empty mud flat - theredglow of pre-dawn.
text: FOOTSTEPS. FEET enter and GASIM appears walking away from
dialog: camera I-r.
text: FULL FIGURE TRACKING SHOT. GASIM looks fearfully to his left -
dialog: on the second look - cut to:
text: HIS EYELINE of the brightening sky.
text: TRACKING SHOT. KNEE FIGURE OF GASIM, he hastens to a fast
dialog: walk. Hold for several seconds. CUT TO:
text: THE TIP OF THE RISING SUN appears over the horizon.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT: (waist figure) GASIM. He does not see the
text: sun. After afewseconds the sunlight flicks his face. He sees it and
text: then after a moment's hesitation, walks even faster.
text: 294A TWO SHOT. GASIM and the SUN. (Half way up over the horizon -
text: in r.b.g.) GASIM hesitates in his walk, then subconsciously alters
text: his direction away fromthe sun and towards camera.
text: 294B CLOSE SHOT. GASIM'S BACK. He hurries away from camera -
text: turns and looks over his shoulder at the sun. HIS SHADOW is
text: beginning to appear on the mud flat.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 73
text: 294C CLOSE SHOT THE SUN BREAKING CLEAR of the horizon.
text: 294D HIGH SHOT GASIM, moving away from camera, half breaks into a
text: run. LONG SHADOWS ahead of him now quite definite. As he
text: reaches EXTREME LONG SHOT he slows down.
text: 294 CLOSE SHOT. Sadness overtakes GASIM. He stops and turns to
text: look at the sun humbly.
text: 294F LONG SHOT. THE SUN now well. clear of the horizon. GASIM
dialog: 295
dialog: 296
dialog: 297
dialog: 298
dialog: 299
dialog: 300
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
dialog: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 305
dialog: 306
text: stands looking at it. He turns and continues.
text: LONG SHOT, The distant Raiding party is moving away from CAMERA.
text: spread out over a bleak country away from the mud flat. The baggage
text: camels pass close by CAMERA. Some of the men are still .tucked up
text: asleep. Some are doubled up. Behirid them comes a single camel
speaker_heading: mounted by FARRAJ.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. FARRAJ He is frightened. He glances
text: forward to the raiding party, but mostly his looks are directed towards
text: the rear.
text: LONG SHOT.. Shooting along the edge of the mud flat. A mounted
text: camel picks its way off ‘the shore on the flat, them comes to a halt.
text: CLOSE SHOT. DAUD. He too is frightened. He looks back towards
text: the Raiding Party, and then forward.
text: LONG SHOT. The mud flat, now shining. No-one to be seen.
text: CLOSE UP DAUD. He settles down to wait. The drums.
text: LONG SHOT. The sun, now almost white. :
text: CLOSE UP... GASIM. Weeping and nearly blindhe half. raises his
text: hands in supplication. He gives in.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The small figure of GASIM sinks to the ground.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A trough of clear ‘water with camels drinking.
text: MED. SHOT. The trough is beside a well around which some of the
text: RAIDERS are grouped, filling their bottles. In the background the bagga::
text: camels are still coming in.
text: CLOSE SHOT ALI, .FARRAJ, and one or two other ARABS around
dialog: the well.
dialog: 2
dialog: eo,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 306
dialog: I
dialog: io
dialog: ho
dialog: i)
dialog: 307
dialog: . 308
dialog: co
dialog: 309.
dialog: Cc ‘
dialog: 310
dialog: . 311
dialog: ©
dialog: 312
dialog: }oO
dialog: 313
dialog: 314
dialog: ec
speaker_heading: Cp 315
dialog: 14
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: God be thanked.
dialog: (he drinks. )
speaker_heading: ARAB
dialog: God be thanked.
dialog: (he drinks)
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ARAB
dialog: God be thanked.
dialog: (he drinks)
text: FARRAJ takes a short drink and then turns away and the CAMERA
text: - PANS with him on to a shot of his back. He comes to a halt looking
text: out over the desert. The drums again.
text: LONG SHOT. The small figure of DAUD mounted on his camel,
text: back to CAMERA. The mud flat shining like an infernal lake.
text: CLOSE UP. DAUD. He looks around him, and then up at the sun.
text: Fear is beginning to mount, but he controls himself.
speaker_heading: " DISSOLVE
text: MED. SHOT. The BOY and the CAMEL are casting a shadow again.
text: There is a pause of several seconds, then DAUD stiffens in ‘his
text: saddle. Subconsciously he budges the animal forward a few paces.
text: CLOSE UP. He comes to a halt staring ahead.
text: LONG SHOT. An elongated pinhead of black elevated into the blue
text: above the horizon. The drum falters.
text: CLOSE SHOT. DAUD. Hardly daring, he urgesthe: camel into a
text: walk The CAMERATRACKS with him as he sits bolt upright
text: peering ahead. .
text: LONG SHOT. TRACKING. DAUD's viewpoint. The flat slipping
text: by underneath withthe distant pinpoint of black above the horizon.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. DAUD. Slowly hebrings the camel to a
dialog: trot.
text: LONG SHOT TRACKING His viewpoint. The ground is slipping by
text: faster. The distant pintpoint is now merging with the flat and
text: becoming distinguishable as anelongated and moving objett.
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 
dialog: 316
dialog: 317
dialog: 318
dialog: 319
dialog: 320
speaker_heading: 321
dialog: 322
dialog: 323
dialog: 324
dialog: 325
dialog: 326
dialog: 327
dialog: 15
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. DAUD A painful grin spreads over his
text: face. He beats the camel into a gallop. Music begins to well up
text: on the SOUND TRACK.
text: LONG SHOT TRACKING The mud flat now racing by. The distant
text: figure now a mounted camel --- but ridden by one or two men we
dialog: cannot see.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. DAUD. His excitement mounts into a
text: Shriek of delight as he recognizes ...
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT: LAWRENCE His camel is jolting along
text: at a slow trot. Behind him sits GASIM, hanging on as best he can.
text: LAWRENCE's face is dreadfully blackened and he peers ahead
text: through bloodshot eyes.
text: LONG SHOT TRACKING LAWRENCE's viewpoint. The approaching
text: outline of DAUD's galloping camel.
text: CLOSE UP TRACKING. DAUD another shriek.
text: CLOSE UP TRACKING. “LAWRENCE. A tortured half smile.
text: EXTREME LONG SHOf. The TWO CAMELS. One trotting and
text: one galloping, converging from either side of the screen. The
text: MUSIC builds. The TWO CAMELS: meet, and DAUD whebls his
text: animal around to fall in beside LAWRENCE.. The music stops.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: CLOSE SHOT LATE AFTERNOON FARRAJ is sitting on a crest
text: with a water skin looking over the desert. He blinks back his tears.
text: Behind and below him the RAIDING PARTY have set up a few tents
text: around the well. Fires are burning.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALlis seated cross-legged on the ground in front of
text: one of the tents. He moodily draws patterns in thé ground with his
text: camel stick. After a moment he looks upwards.
text: LONG SHOT. The small figure of FARRAJ on the crest, outlined
text: against the reddining sky, waiting.
text: CLOSE UP. ALI. He looks away and whacks the ground with his
text: stick. There is a sudden cry from FARRAJ.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ (off)
dialog: Aurens!! Daud!!!
text: ALI looks up.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 328
dialog: 329
dialog: 330
dialog: 331
dialog: 332
dialog: 333
dialog: 334
dialog: 335
dialog: 336
dialog: 337
dialog: 338
dialog: 339
dialog: 340
dialog: 341
dialog: 
dialog: 76
text: MED, SHOT. FARRAJ is plunging down the side of a dune yelling
text: as he goes. The CAMERA PANS with” him into a LONG SHOT.
text: We see LAWRENCE and DAUD's camels below as FARRAJ falls
text: over himself, his water bottle flying.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI. In the background the RAIDERS rise to their
text: feet and start walking towards the desert. ALI's face is incred-
text: ulous, hopeful, and a little apprehensive.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT. DAUD and LAWRENCE, with GASIM mounted behind
text: him, coming in off the desert.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. FARRAJ running, yelling across the
dialog: desert.
text: CLOSE UP. DAUD. Recognising his companion he starts yelling
text: too, and stirs his camel forward.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. ALI. Surrounded by hurrying men he
text: reaches the sand.
text: CLOSE UP, LAWRENCE looking out ahead.
text: LONG SHOT. The two GROUPS converge with FARRAJ the first
dialog: to make contact.
scene_heading: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. FARRAJ and DAUD. FARRAJ holds
text: up the watter bottle.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Daud. Daud.
text: DAUD smiles down wearily.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. ALI. After a few steps he comes to a
text: standstill.
text: MED, SHOT. The two camels, surrounded by the RAIDING PARTY.
text: They come to a halt and the camels kneel to the ground.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and GASIM. MEN pull the exhausted
text: GASIM from the camel. LAWRENCE remains slumped in the saddle.
text: He looks towards ALI.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI. He walks forward with a half smile that admits
text: happy defeat.
text: CLOSE SHOT. FARRAJ and DAUD embracing.
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343/6
dialog: 11
text: CLOSE SHOT, ALI walks into picture beside LAWRENCE and hands
text: him a bottle. LAWRENCE is about to drink, but he takes the water
text: from his lips and raises his heal.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (he croaks)
dialog: ~ Nothing is written.
text: As he drinks we hear a shocked, amused, admiring, murmur:
dialog: Aurens, Aurens, Aurens.
text: He slithers from the saddle and places his feet gingerly on the ground.
text: He looks about.
text: MED. SHOT. Several of the RAIDERS have spread their saddle-
text: cloths on the ground. Now he is eagerly invited by two or three
dialog: to confer the honour upon them.
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Aurens!
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Aurens!
text: LAWRENCE smiles and goes over to the nearest. He looks at it.
text: It calls. But he painfully takes off his shirt and calls, without
text: looking, as though for help.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Farraj!
speaker_heading: FARRAJ comes.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (giving him the shirt)
dialog: Wash.
text: Then he looks down at the brightly patterned saddlecloth and like a
text: light going out he releases the body from the mind's control and
text: almost collapses into sleep. (It must not be a faint though)
text: Instantly, FARRAJ begins to unlace his boots, and a shadow is
text: thrown over LAWRENCE asa cloth shelter is erected over him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: ( 2 347
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: 18
text: CLOSE SHOT, LAWRENCE, His eyes have opened and gleam in
text: the light.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: F os softly)
dialog: arraj!
text: FARRAJ comes with a prepared dish of food, which he lays by
text: LAWRENCE. LAWRENCE raises himself on one elbow, considers
text: ” it and begins to spoon it carefully into his mouth, watched by ALI.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: El Aurens... Truly, for some men nothing
dialog: is written unless they write it.
dialog: (it is capitulation)
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (moved, he laughs quietly,
dialog: goes on eating. Then:)
dialog: Not 'El Aurens', Just Lawrence.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: El Aurens is better.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: True.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Your father too: Just Mr. Lawrence?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (considers this. Pushes away
text: the food. Turns on his back
text: and closes his eyes as though
dialog: asleep, and says with an effort)
dialog: My father is Sir Thomas Chapman.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Is that a Lord?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: A kind of a Lord.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Then when he dies you too will be a Lord,
dialog: ts
dialog: 347
dialog: Continued
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: Ah. You have an elder brother.
dialog: (a common complaint among
dialog: aristocrats like himself)
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: But then...
dialog: (another point strikes him)
dialog: I do not understand this - Your father's
dialog: name is Chapman -
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Ali. My father isn't really my father.
dialog: He didn't marry my mother.
dialog: (the words ‘father’ and 'mother'
text: come out on a barely perceptible’
dialog: effort of breath)
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: I see.
dialog: (he is disturbed. He must
dialog: think this out. Silence.)
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I'm sorry. .
dialog: (and this is not bitter but a
dialog: humble though dignified
dialog: apology for a fault.)
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (after further thought; quietly)
dialog: It seems to me that you are free to
dialog: choose your own name then.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (he keeps his eyes tightly shut)
dialog: Yes, I suppose I am.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CD
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 347
dialog: 348
speaker_heading: 349
dialog: 80
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALI _
dialog: (with a quick smile ~ and this
dialog: is an act of real moral generosity)
dialog: "El Aurens" is best.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: “(after a pause in which he con-
dialog: trols the surge of gratitude -
dialog: dangerously similar to love -
dialog: which rises in him)
dialog: All right, I'll settle for "El Aurens."
text: He feigns sleep. ALI covers him and goes over to the fire.
text: DAUD and FARRAJ are there, now asleep. By FARRAJ are neatly
text: piled LAWRENCE's shirt, shorts, socks, with the webbing belt on
text: top.. ALI takes them up. FARRAJ wakes. ALI throws the clothes
text: one by one on the fire. FARRAJ looks from them to him with his
text: mouth open in horrified enquiry.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. BROAD DAY. . LAWRENCE, hand on dagger in Arab
dialog: robes.
text: MED, SHOT. ALI, ELDER HARITH, MAJID, and others regard him.
speaker_heading: ALI
text: They are the robes of a Sherif of
dialog: the Beni Wejh.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (stroking the silk)
dialog: Very fine.
text: (he turns a circle, smiles,
dialog: awkward with pleasure and
dialog: emotion)
dialog: Great honour.
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: (courteous)
dialog: The honour is tous. Salaams Sherif,
speaker_heading: FARRAJ AND DAUD
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Salaams Sherif.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (to ALI)
dialog: It is permitted?
dialog: 
dialog: 81
dialog: )
speaker_heading: ‘O Nd 349 Continued
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Surely.
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: ce) He for whoni nothing is written may write
dialog: ' himself aclan. Salaam.
speaker_heading: ' ‘ : LAWRENCE
dialog: Salaams. ‘
text: He strides a hestitant pace or two and smiles bashfully.. For once
text: it is he who is waiting for a lead.
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: ‘ (tactfully boisterous)
dialog: © . They are good for riding. Try!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: a Yes.
text: eo (he turns and picks up his camel
text: saddle, turns back to them.
dialog: ' Strongly.) ,
dialog: Great honour!
text: As he goes we hear the murmur rise to a shout: 'Aurens!"
speaker_heading: CUT TO
text: 350 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE (head and shoulders) riding.
speaker_heading: MUSIC.
text: 351 REVERSE LONG SHOT, LAWRENCE galloping towards CAMERA.
text: The RAIDERS, distant, are watching. When he approaches
text: CAMERA, LAWRENCE reins in and turns to look at the RAIDERS.
text: Cc 352 MED. SHOT.. The RAIDERS raise their hands.
text: 353 MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE raises his hand to them and urges his
text: camel off at a right angle. CAMERA (situated as in REVERSE
text: LONG SHOT above) PANS with this and the RAIDERS are cut off
text: oO from view by the bank of the Wadi, which LAWRENCE is entering.
text: { When the RAIDERS are quite cut off from view:
text: | © 354 CLOSE SHOT. He dismounts. He stands erect; his face is stern
text: but his eyes are smiling, like a man listening to music.
dialog: 
dialog: 0
dialog: lo 355
dialog: |
dialog: \
dialog: jo
speaker_heading: U
dialog: ‘
dialog: '
dialog: ©
dialog: 356
dialog: '
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: 357
speaker_heading: 358
dialog: 
dialog: 82
text: MED, TRACKING SHOT. He walks a swinging pace or two. He
text: draws his dagger and with an expression of extreme nobility
text: threatens with it -- who? Himself perhaps. His eyes fall
text: upon the dagger as though it were someone else who held it and
text: his face relaxes in self-mockery, though he does not exactly smile.
text: In any case he is for the moment happy enough to tolerate himself.
text: He slams the dagger into its sheath and sets off briskly. He turns
text: suddenly, causing the robes to fly. And so on, the music rising.
text: Though the actions are histrionic his expression is manly and attentive.
text: almost cautious, and we can see that this is more than play acting.
text: As he goes, striding, stopping and turning, with slow graceful movement:
text: of the arms, CAMERA FOLLOWS closely.
text: LONG SHOT. Angling down. He sets off with a swinging stride in no
text: particular direction. CAMERA PANNING slightly, but he is
text: progressing diagonally across the screen. A MAN on a STATIONARY
text: HORSE thus enters the opposite corner of the screen, unseen by
text: . LAWRENCE until they are almost nose to nose.
text: MED. SHOT. THEY regard one another.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The manis AUDA. The complete desert Bedouin.
text: His face is haggard, fierce, dignified and childish. His eyebrows
text: are raised in amused enquiry. MUSIC stops.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: What are you doing -- Englishman?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: {with equal insouciance --
dialog: hands on hips)
dialog: As you see. .
text: (glances round the rim of the
dialog: basin, carelessly)
dialog: Are you alone?
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Almost. Are you with that party of
dialog: dogs who are drinking at my well?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (stiffens with immediate interest)
dialog: Yours?. :
text: AUDA takes out his pistol and fires a single shot in the air, before
text: thrusting it back into his belt.
speaker_heading: Cc” 358
dialog: voy
dialog: 
dialog: 83
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: 1am Auda Ibu Tayi.
dialog: (he expects this to have an effect)
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (as one who notes a mild coin-
dialog: cidence)
dialog: Ah. Ihave heard of another man of that
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Other?
dialog: (roaring)
dialog: What other?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: The Auda I heard of would not need to ,
dialog: summon help --
dialog: (indicating the pistol)
dialog: to look after his wells.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Ah. He must be a great hero.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: He is. He would not refuse water to men
text: coming out of the Great Nefudh desert.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Would he not? Truly that must be some
dialog: other man.
dialog: (he jerks his head)
dialog: Here is my "help".
text: An impressive and dignified BOY of about ten years, on a miniature
text: Arab pony tears down the side of the dune and joins them. He and
text: LAWRENCE exchange glances.
speaker_heading: AUDA
text: (leans down from his horse and
text: flicks LAWRENCE's garments
dialog: with his whip)
dialog: Son, what fashion is this?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Harith, father. :
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 358
speaker_heading: 359
dialog: 360
dialog: 361
dialog: 362
speaker_heading: 362A
speaker_heading: 362B
speaker_heading: 362C
speaker_heading: 362D
dialog: 84
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: And “what manner of Harith?
speaker_heading: BOY
text: A Beni Wejh Sherif, father.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: And is he Harith?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: No father. English.
text: AUDA nods sardonically and wheels his horse to go.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Son, they are stealing our water. Tell
dialog: them we are coming.
text: The BOY drags out an enormous pistol and holds it upwards. Looks at
text: AUDA inquiringly, his eyes sparkling.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Yes! Tell them!
text: CLOSE SHOT. The BOY fires. The two bound out of frame.
text: MED. SHOT. From LAWRENCE's point of view, they tear away to
text: the end of the Wadi and wheel, in a spurt of sand, towards the well,
text: so disappearing from view. As they go, their passage brings
text: LAWRENCE's camel uneasily to its feet, where it stands hesitant.
text: MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE races through the sand towards it.
text: LONG SHOT ... AUDA and SON arrive ... snatch water bottle from
speaker_heading: GASIM:
text: MED. SHOT ... AUDA with water bottle moving forward from GASIM ..
speaker_heading: OR
text: AUDA still - holding the bottle up.
scene_heading: REACTION SHOT ... RAIDING PARTY.
text: CLOSE SHOT ... AUDA empties bottle and throws it left.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 363
speaker_heading: 363A
speaker_heading: 364
speaker_heading: 364A
dialog: 365
dialog: 366
speaker_heading: 367
speaker_heading: 368
dialog: \s
speaker_heading: 369
speaker_heading: 369A
dialog: 370
dialog: 371
speaker_heading: “372
dialog: 373
dialog: 85
text: MEDIUM SHOT. AUDA throws bottle at GASIM's feet and circles well
dialog: intercut may be with
text: AUDA's SON watching.
text: LAWRENCE gallops up to beside AUDA's SON.
text: AUDA's SON pulls gun.
text: DAUD and FARRAJ reacting.
text: LAWRENCE hand raised - he smiles. -
text: AUDA'SSON ... smiles - cocks, gun and loses smile
dialog: AUDA as well - dialogue "You empty that'
dialog: ALI steps in f.g. ‘do not'
text: (not yet shot) AUDA: ‘It is Auda of the Howeitat who speaks... '
text: ALI 'It is Ali of the Harith who answers' ... moves forward...
text: AUDA ‘sizes up ALI (to be shot) and moves forward.
text: AUDA and ALI meet in TWO SHOT and continue as script
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (as one who makes an effort of
dialog: memory, politely to recollect
dialog: an obscure name, thoughtfully)
dialog: Harith ... Ali
text: (his face clears; with exaggerated
dialog: ; delicacy)
dialog: Does your father still steal?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Auda! (sharply)
dialog: uda,
speaker_heading: (AUDA turns)
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE from AUDA's viewpoint.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We are fifty; you are two. How if we shot
dialog: you down?
scene_heading: MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE AND AUDA
dialog: 
dialog: 86
text: 373 Continued.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Why then you have a blood feud with the
dialog: Howeitat. Do you desire it?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (smiles and bows his head)
dialog: Not the Generals in Cairo nor the Sultan,
dialog: himself desire that.
text: (he smiles, indicating the BOY)
dialog: Call off your men.
scene_heading: 374 WIDER ANGLE MED, SHOT LAWRENCE, AUDA, the BOY, ALI.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (testily, and as one who repeats
dialog: a lesson to a backward pupil)
dialog: No, no, boy -- this honours the unworthy.
text: (the BOY holsters the gun, and
text: as LAWRENCE rides up to him
text: he continues, mock-apologetic)
dialog: Ihave only just begun to teach him.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (serious and with a trace of
dialog: disesteem)
dialog: And what is it you're teaching him today?
dialog: {he indicates the scattered men
dialog: and vessels)
dialog: Howeitat hospitality?
speaker_heading: AUDA
text: (he is caught; his face darkens
text: and he growls)
dialog: Be not clever with me, English ...
dialog: (he says to ALI shortly and
dialog: as though LAWRENCE were
dialog: not present)
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quickly)
text: A friend of Prince Feisal's.
speaker_heading: AUDA
text: (looks at him and ALI with
dialog: some interest, cautiously)
dialog: So.
dialog: 
dialog: ron 374
dialog: a
dialog: 315
dialog: 87
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: AUDA (cont)
dialog: (to ALI) .
dialog: And you desire my hospitality?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (quickly and looking warningly
dialog: and compellingly at ALI)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (to ALI)
dialog: Is he your tongue?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (shortly)
dialog: We do desire it.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Then it is given.
dialog: (deprecating)
dialog: If you will take it -- Iam at my summer
dialog: camp, a poor place.
dialog: (as one wishing to be even
dialog: pedantically correct)
dialog: To me it seems a poor place, some men
dialog: find ifmarvellous. Tomorrow maybe I
dialog: will allow the Turks to buy you, friends
dialog: of Feisal. But dine with me.
dialog: (as soon as he has said this
dialog: magic phrase his pride becomes
dialog: straightforward)
dialog: Yes, Dine with Auda, English. Dine
dialog: with the Howeitat, Harith. It is my
dialog: pleasure that you dine with me -- in
dialog: Wadi Rhumm!
speaker_heading: CUT TO
text: LONG SHOF.. Angling down. WADRIRHUMM. This scene is epi
text: in scale, Biblical inform. The floor of the Wadi is beneath us, yet
text: its walls tower above us. AUDA's camp comprises some hundreds of
text: black tents, one of particular magnificence having a clear space aroun:
text: it. There are pools of water with small trees giving shade, flocks of
text: black sheep, a herd of horses. Smoke ascends from scores of cooking
text: fires at which the women work, though here and there a woman makes
text: her way between the tents on an ass, followed by her children. One or
text: two groups of men are mounted on trotting horses, but most of the
dialog: horses are tethered and the general effect is of leisure, or the very
text: mildest sort of activity. The CAMERA PANS over this scene.
dialog: a
dialog: {
dialog: Co
dialog: a
dialog: a
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: eo
dialog: c
dialog: «a
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: ©
dialog: a 5
dialog: 376
dialog: 377
dialog: 378
dialog: 379.
dialog: 380
dialog: 381
dialog: 382
dialog: 383
speaker_heading: 384
dialog: 385
dialog: 386
dialog: 387
speaker_heading: 388
speaker_heading: 389
dialog: . 88
text: LONG SHOT. THE CAMP. The echo of a shot bounds back and forth
text: between the cliffs. There is one second of inactivity, and then women
text: and children appear from almost all of the tents, looking up and about
text: them. Men appear similarly and run to their horses.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT. AUDA, ALI, LAWRENCE. AUDA looks down as before,
text: he is no longer concerned to show off even slightly. He is deeply proud
text: of what he sees and also alert to see that it is done correctly. He fires
text: another shot, and leads the way forward and down.
text: LONG SHOT, THE CAMP, from the floor of the Wadi. The-echo of
text: AUDA's second shot still flying; more and more mounted men all
text: making in one direction; women snatching children away from the
text: horses into the shelter of the tents.
text: MED, SHOT. By the big tent AUDA's standard. A flying horseman
text: plucks it from the ground. On SOUND TRACK a gathering noise of welcon:
text: MED, TRACKING SHOT. THE RAIDERS, MAJID with the banner
text: prominent in the background. AUDA smiles.
text: LONG SHOT. What he sees. We are approaching the tents, from between
text: which AUDA's HORSEMEN are speeding to meet us, joy-shooting.
text: MED. SHOT. CAMERA PANS along the RAIDERS. They look defiant.
text: Backs are straightened. Their dusty, crumpled, sometimes torn
text: garments rearranged. They pack more closely together as the first
text: of the horsemen arrive.
text: LONG SHOT. THE RAIDERS, surrounded by the HORSEMEN who
text: circle about them, shouting AUDA's name and firing into the air.
scene_heading: MED. TRACKING SHOT. AUDA, LAWRENCE, and ALI.
text: MED. SHOT. From their viewpoint; CAMERA PANS swiftly with
text: a group of encircling HOWEITAT.
scene_heading: MED. TRACKING SHOT. ELDER HARITH, MAJID, and other RAIDERS
text: face ahead but look convertly sideways.
text: MED, SHOT. AUDA spursa little ahead.
text: MED. SHOT. From his viewpoint. The whirling wall of horsemen
text: breaks before him, wheeling away (not too neatly; it is not a circus) to
text: disclose the tents. Shooting stops.
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. The RAIDERS ride between the tents. There
text: is now no noise and the HOWEITAT have formed themselves into a huge
text: and threatening escort, riding alongside.
text: Their clothes are good, in some cases splendid; their weapons are clean.
text: their mounts fresh and well-groomed.
dialog: 
dialog: 390
dialog: 391
dialog: 392
dialog: 393
dialog: 394
dialog: 395
dialog: 396
dialog: 397
speaker_heading: 398
speaker_heading: 399
dialog: 400
dialog: 89
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. MAJID. He turns his head and looks
text: balefully at:
scene_heading: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. HOWEITAT STANDARD BEARER.
text: He returns the look.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. GASIM.. The HOWEITAT are now
text: crowding the RAIDERS; he is nervous but does his best.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. A splendid HOWEITAT eyes him up
dialog: and down.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. ELDER HARITH, being crowded. Without
text: looking, he crowds back.
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. From the RAIDERS' viewpoint, the
text: moving sea of HOWEITAT look towards us, poker-faced among
dialog: the tenis. :
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. From behind, we PAN over the heads of
text: the HOWEITAT along the camel-borne RAIDERS, ending on the
text: leaders. The whole cavalcade comes to a stop, except for AUDA,
text: ALI and LAWRENCE who ride on, watched by the others, into a
text: clear space.
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. These THREE ride towards us, others in
text: the background. AUDA dismounts. He salutes his guests, and
dialog: gestures,
speaker_heading: AUDA
text: Auda's tent.
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA'S TENT. It is a woven palace.
text: MED. SHOT. Ata signal from the ELDER HARITH, the camels
text: of the RAIDERS sink down to their knees among the horsemen, so
text: seeming to be swallowed up.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: INSIDE AUDA'S TENT. NIGHT. It is brilliantly lit within. The black
text: night without is ringed with fires. The remains of a splendid meal
text: is before them. Slaves attend with coffee. AUDA reclines backwards
text: and belches politely. He is satiated but his little eyes are wickedly
text: alive. He has much on his mind,
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (reflectively)
dialog: This thing you work against Akaba. What
dialog: profit do you hope from it?
dialog: 
dialog: ( 2 400
dialog: 90
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: . ALI
dialog: We work it for Feisal of Mecca. The Harith
dialog: do not work for profit.
dialog: (unlike some he could
dialog: mention)
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (unruffled)
dialog: Well, if it is in a man to be a servant,
dialog: Sherif Ali, he could find worse masters
dialog: than Feisal. But I -- I cannot ‘serve.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You permit the Turks to stay in Akaba.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (short)
dialog: Yes. It is my pleasure.
text: LAWRENCE leans forward and takes a morsel from the plate.
dialog: Carefully.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We do not work this thing for Feisal...
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (insolently, to ALI)
dialog: No? For the English then?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quick)
dialog: For the Arabs.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: The Arabs? ... The Howeitat, Ageyli,
dialog: Rualla, Beni Sahkr, these I know - I have
dialog: even heard of the Harith - but the "Arabs":
dialog: what tribe is that?
text: LAWRENCE laughs, AUDA looks pleased, but:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: They are a tribe: of slaves.
text: And AUDA goes gray at the insult.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O 400
dialog: Continued
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: They serve the Turks.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Well they are nothing to me. My tribe is
dialog: the Howeitat!
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Who work only for profit.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Who work at Auda's pleasure!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: And Auda's pleasure is to serve the Turks.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (deeply dangerous, between .
dialog: incredulity and rage)
dialog: Serve? I, serve?
speaker_heading: : LAWRENCE
text: It is the servant who takes money.
text: AUDA leaps to his feet and backs away from this moral threat as
text: another man might from a physical one.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Tam Auda Ibu Tayi!
text: He goes to the edge of the tent and bawls into the darkness:
dialog: Does Auda ‘serve? Does Auda Ibu Tayi serve?
text: He faces his persecutors and goes into a furious litany:
dialog: I carry twenty-three great wounds all got
dialog: in battle! Seventy-five men I have killed
dialog: with my own hands, in battle! I scatter, I
dialog: burn my enemies‘ tents! I take away their
dialog: flocks and herds. The Turks pay me a golden
dialog: treasure. Yet Iam poor! ... BecauseI ama
dialog: river to my people! Is that service?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7
dialog: 92
dialog: O 400 Continued
text: AUDA sees his admiration is genuine. He approaches. He sits.
speaker_heading: ' MAJID
dialog: (sadly) ‘
text: 5S Yet now it seems Auda has grown old.
dialog: ' And lost his taste for fighting.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: It is well you say it in my tent. Thou tulip. ,
speaker_heading: ALI ’
dialog: Yet this is a tulip the Turks could not buy.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: o Why should they wish to?
dialog: . (to LAWRENCE)
dialog: Now I will tell you what they pay me. And
dialog: you will tell me if this is a servant's wages.
dialog: (impressive)
dialog: They pay me, month by month... one hundred
dialog: golden guineas.
speaker_heading: dL
text: ALI, MAJID, and others are dumbfounded, but: ’
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: A hundred and fifty, Auda.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Who told thee that?
speaker_heading: on LAWRENCE
dialog: t3 Thave long ears.
speaker_heading: AUDA
text: And a long tongue between them.
speaker_heading: © LAWRENCE
dialog: A hundred, a hundred and fifty, what matters?
text: It is a trifle.
speaker_heading: (AUDA stares)
text: A trifle. Which they take from a great box
dialog: CS they have...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: a ALI
dialog: ¢ In Akaba.
dialog: Od
dialog: Oo 400 Continued
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: , (glowers)
dialog: : In Akaba?
speaker_heading: oO LAWRENCE
dialog: ' Where else?
speaker_heading: ‘ AUDA
dialog: You trouble me! Like women!
speaker_heading: 'S
text: LAWRENCE laughs delightedly.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Friends, we have been foolish.
dialog: oO will not come to Akaba...
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: oN LAWRENCE
dialog: eM --- for Money ---
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: © LAWRENCE
dialog: --- for Feisal ---
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: Me LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: 
dialog: then:)
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: Auda
dialog: -- nor to drive the Turks away. He will
dialog: come because it is his pleasure.
text: (contemplates him, grimly,
dialog: Thy mother mated with a scorpion.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: >
scene_heading: y 401 LONG SHOT. EARLY MORNING. AUDA'S CAMP. The column
text: ards and bodyguards at the rear.
scene_heading: 402 MED. SHOT. AUDA mounts.
text: °y is assembled in reverse order, i.e. with the leaders, their stand-
dialog: 402
speaker_heading: 403
dialog: 404
dialog: 405
dialog: 406
dialog: 407
speaker_heading: 408
speaker_heading: 409
dialog: 94
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Make God your agent!
text: The leaders mount and move off between the ‘TRIBESMEN.
text: LONG SHOT. As they advance, the TRIBESMEN cry:
speaker_heading: TRIBESMEN
dialog: Auda Ibu Tayi!
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Peace be with you!
text: LONG SHOT. As they move, they peel up their followers as in a
text: country dance, behind them. A tremendous amount of ‘showing-off
text: takes place in the matter of horsemanship.
text: EXTREME LONG AERIAL SHOT. The HOWEITAT,, ant-like,
text: crawl away from the cliffs of Rhumm across a limitless landscape.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT. RIGHT. We look across fold after fold
text: of lunar mountains, to where the lights of a town twinkle, and the
text: sea. In foreground LAWRENCE and ALI look towards this. ALI
text: looks to LAWRENCE, smiles at his expression and says:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Yes. Akaba...
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE rolls over happily and slithers down
text: the slope a little. He looks down contentedly at:
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT. P.O.V. LAWRENCE. In the wadi below, the
text: column. There are no fires or shelters, but the beasts gathered
text: in clumps and the men mostly lie or sit, in groups. The low mur- -
text: mur of their voices ascends.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI slithers down to join LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Tomorrow we will go and get it.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: D’you think we shall?
dialog: Wwe
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 409
dialog: 410
dialog: 411
dialog: 412
dialog: » 413
dialog: 95
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Yes, if you are right about the guns.
text: LAWRENCE opens his mouth to reply but from the Wadi a single
text: shot cannons out. He looks to ALI, but after a single split’ beat’
text: ALI is gone from the frame with a celerity which indicates that
dialog: some specific, serious thing has happened.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT P.0.V. LAWRENCE. In the Wadi, the BEDOUIN
text: are on their feet, converging on a point where there is a swirling
text: knot of men, and shouting.
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. ALI descending in a rush. Just as he
text: is leaving the foot of the frame, LAWRENCE appears at the
text: head of it, following more slowly.
text: MED. SHOT. In the Wadi a sort of huge rugby scrum has formed
dialog: round something we cannot see, of mixed Harith and Howeitat.
text: This dark mass, which emits a roaring as of giant bees, gyrates,
text: struggling, swings sideways to reveal in a patch of moonlight,
text: ALI, AUDA, MAJID and two senior HOWEITAT in altercation at
text: the foot of the Wadi wall. LAWRENCE drops into view behind
dialog: them.
text: CLOSE SHOT. This group. AUDA says flatly into ALI's face,
text: not as one who seeks to convince but as one who states an unalter-
dialog: able fact:
speaker_heading: AUDA
text: He killed. He dies.
text: At this the two HOWEITAT murmur approval, while ALI and
text: MAJID can only fall silent, and AUDA breaks away, (as LAWRENCE
text: joins the group), followed by his two, from one of whom he seizes
text: a rifle, and thrusts his way into the scrum which falls almost silent,
text: opening for him.
speaker_heading: ALI
speaker_heading: (to LAWRENCE)
text: This is the end of Akaba.
text: He goes and stands with his face to the rock wall, leaving LAWRENCE
text: looking in consternation at MAJID who says immediately:
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: One of our men has murdered one of Auda's
dialog: men.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 96
dialog: yo 413 Continued
speaker_heading: : LAWRENCE
dialog: (kmows the full significance
text: of this. He is furious. He
dialog: groans)
dialog: oO . Oh... why?
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Theft... blood feud... It makes no matter
dialog: © why.
text: LAWRENCE spins about.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Ali!
text: ALI, his back to LAWRENCE, shakes his head dumbly. He walks
text: away, LAWRENCE staring after him,. to where:
scene_heading: . 414 MED. SHOT. P.O.V. LAWRENCE. The Harith are gathering,
text: Bo coming up with their rifles, winding headclothes about their faces,
text: . grimly facing:
text: 415 QUICK CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE looks the other way, to:
scene_heading: 416 MED. SHOT. P.O.V. LAWRENCE. The Howeitat gathered round
text: © AUDA and the culprit.
speaker_heading: MAJID (on SOUND TRACK)
dialog: (resigned)
text: It is an ancient wound.
dialog: 1:
scene_heading: 417 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I didn't come here to watch a tribal blood-
dialog: p bath!
text: : He thrusts his way after AUDA.
text: 418 CLOSE SHOT. AUDA, LAWRENCE, the surrounding HOWEITAT.
text: _ The VICTIM, below frame and surrounded.
speaker_heading: ¢ ~ AUDA
dialog: ) owt (warningly)
dialog: It is the law, Aurens ---
dialog: 
dialog: 97
dialog: 418 Continued
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: The Law says that the man must die. If
dialog: he dies will that content the Howeitat?
speaker_heading: . AUDA
speaker_heading: oO (cautiously)
dialog: Yes.
text: LAWRENCE thrusts from him.
text: © 419 MED.SHOT. Looking down on the scene... LAWRENCE stands be-
dialog: tween the two groups.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: D Sherif Ali! If none of Lord Auda's men
dialog: harms any of yours, will that content the
dialog: Harith?
speaker_heading: ALI
text: (calls, eagerly, cutting off a
dialog: > oO dubious murmur from his
dialog: men)
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Then I will execute the Law! I have no
dialog: tribe ---! :
scene_heading: 420 EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE
dialog: -- and No-one is offended!
text: LAWRENCE moves towards the open ring of HOWEITAT and immed-
text: iately we CUT violently from this grave and almost ritualistic
dialog: scene to:
text: wD 421 CLOSE SHOT. THE FUGITIVE, held, face down, kneeling by three
text: or four HOWEITAT. He is struggling and weeping, and his captors
text: are breathing hard. LAWRENCE's feet enter frame: and stop.
text: FUGITIVE looks up.
text: ~ 422 EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. The tear stained face of GASIM. He has
dialog: s not been manhandled. (no blood stains - this is tribal law, not mob
dialog: C 5 violence)
text: 423 EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE, his eyes widen in horror.
speaker_heading: nm
speaker_heading: C) 423
dialog: ©
dialog: 424
dialog: ©
dialog: ©
dialog: °
dialog: 425
dialog: eo
dialog: 426
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 427
dialog: re
speaker_heading: 428
dialog: ©
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: 429
dialog: 98
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Gasim!
text: CLOSE SHOT. Widening toinclude LAWRENCE. A wild hope
text: spreads over GASIM's face; he nods vigorously, gulping and
text: snuffling, a ridiculous smile of apology on his features. ~
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (his voice grating like
dialog: something mechanical)
dialog: Did you do it?
text: GASIM's smile becomes puzzled. Either LAWRENCE is for him
text: or against him he thinks. Then again he nods, his expression
text: enquiring. LAWRENCE raises hispistol, GASIM flings himself
text: away and sideways from his captors, who skip nimbly out of line
text: of fire, and at the top of the screen we see the feet of the
text: HOWEITAT scatter. It is ugly, scrambling, without dignity.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. His face wooden, half averted, he
text: fires. He takes fresh aim and fires again, and again. It is clear
text: that GASIM is still alive and flinging himself about on the ground.
text: LAWRENCE's face is desperate.
text: MED. PANNING SHOT. Men are walking away from the execution
text: which we cannot see, all radiating away from it as more shots
text: sound out, their faces stony and calm, some passing close past
speaker_heading: CAMERA.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. He turns away and walks, CAMERA
text: TRACKING BACKWARDS from him. His face is in the last degree
text: shocked, not merely with the shock of a horrible experience, but
dialog: ofa man who has just heard horrible news.
text: TRACKING SHOT. P.O.V. LAWRENCE, the backs of men walking
text: away from him (from the execution, actually, but it looks as though from
text: him). One faces him and waits. It is AUDA. As LAWRENCE draws
text: up with him, he nods and says softly and on a note of approval, of
text: quiet congratulation.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Well, Aurens.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE walks straight past him, not
text: swerving an inch, clearly prepared to hurl AUDA from his path if
dialog: AUDA does not stand aside --- which he does, and:
dialog: 
dialog: 430
dialog: ©
dialog: o
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 431
dialog: ie
dialog: | 432
dialog: I
dialog: \
dialog: ©
dialog: 433
dialog: iq
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 434
dialog: c 435
dialog: i
dialog: 99
text: CLOSE SHOT AUDA. He looks not offended, but absolutely puzzled
dialog: and withal curious.. He has simply no comprehension of the source
text: of LAWRENCE's distress. ALI joins AUDA in frame, looking off
dialog: after his friend.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: What ails the Englishman?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: That that he killed was the man be brought
dialog: out of the Nefud.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (comprehending)
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: It was written then. Better to have left
dialog: him.
text: ALI leaves the frame after LAWRENCE. |
text: LAWRENCE. ALI joins him in frame and falls into step, in silence,
text: for a little; his eye lights on the pistol still in LAWRENCE's hand. ;
text: CLOSE SHOT. The pistol. ALI speaks on SOUND TRACK.
scene_heading: ALI (on SOUND TRACK) ,
dialog: (gently)
dialog: It was execution, Aurens. No shame in
dialog: that... Besides, it was necessary.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI and LAWRENCE, who appears not to have heard.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (smiles uncomfortably)
dialog: You gave life and you took it.
dialog: (placating)
dialog: The writing is still yours,
text: LAWRENCE looks at him in horror and fear. Looks at the pistol.
text: Sends it spinning away from him.
text: FLASH SHOT. The pistol cuts a glittering arc in the moonlight.
text: MED.SHOT. A group of HOWEITAT, RUALLA, and HARITH, rush
text: for it, excited and quarrelsome, innocent as schoolboys. On SOUND
text: TRACK, beneath their clamour, a rumble rises, becomes a thunder
dialog: and:
speaker_heading: cuT
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 
dialog: 436
dialog: 437
dialog: 438
speaker_heading: 439
dialog: 440.
speaker_heading: 441
speaker_heading: 442
speaker_heading: 443
dialog: 100
text: MEDIUM SHOT. The Raiders thunder towards us in line abreast,
text: stretching from side to side of Wadi Akaba. The thunder is deafening,
text: the hooves are flying, they are invincible. We have just time to
text: glimpse AUDA in the van when with a crescendo of noise they sweep
text: past us, CAMERA PANNING swiftly to follow them as they leave
text: us under a curtain of dust. In this curtain we can make out
text: LAWRENCE following(with the other camel-riders) in the wake of
text: the tidal wave he has raised but cannot lead. As.they leave us of
text: course the thunder dies away, but not to silence, and:
text: PANNING SHOT. The Turkish Kitchen area. On SOUND TRACK
text: the faint sound of the charge. A queue of men with enamel plates
text: is served by cooks with ladies in foreground. PANNING, middle-
text: ground is occupied by those already served seated on benches at
text: tables under awning. Then, in background a platoon of riflemen
text: (the New Guard for the day no doubt) is inspected by an OFFICER.
text: The noise of the charge growing we PAN back at once and see MEN
text: at the tables raise their heads curiously. Then, in the queue MEN
text: stare off incredulously. One man's food slides from his plate, and:
text: LONG-SHOT. The charge, their P.O. V. under its curtain of dust,
text: thunder increasing steadily but without a break.
text: PANNING SHOT, in the Kitchen area, the MEN in the queue and
text: at the tables run aimlessly. In background we see the RIFLEMEN .
text: more purposefully taking cover (thunder of hooves growing steadily)
dialog: and: :
text: The OFFICER frantically works a field telephone, but he turns into
text: CAMERA instinctively cringing as the thunder becomes overwhelming
dialog: and:
text: The charge, on top of CAMERA engulfs us. Thunder fortissimo.
text: As though swept up in it, MOVING SHOT, P.O.V. the charging
text: Arabs. Turks scatter before us, throw up their arms, go down.
text: Thunder fortissimo.
text: Thunder continuing but dimminuendo. In a line across the Wadi are
text: four sandbagged Machine Gun pits. We shoot along the line and at
text: the far side of the Wadi are many neat tents. The same at this
text: side of the Wadi, therefore in foreground. In the Pits TURKS struggle
text: grimly, without panic, valiantly, to rip the covers from the heavy guns,
text: to lug them to the reverse side of the position, to loadthem.. The
dialog: thunder is growing; we almost want them to succeed. One team does
text: loose off a brief hesitant burst but the charge bursts on screen, thunder
text: fortissimo, and with hoarse cries they are shot down, sabred, overrun
text: in a twinkling. In the rear of the charge a horseman deftly severs the
text: guys of the foreground tent, like a circus turn, and flies off again and
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 443
speaker_heading: 444
dialog: - 445/
speaker_heading: 484
speaker_heading: 485
speaker_heading: 486
speaker_heading: 487
speaker_heading: 488
speaker_heading: 489
dialog: 490
speaker_heading: 491
dialog: 
dialog: 101
dialog: Continued
text: we just have time to see the tents on the far side going down with the
dialog: artificial neatness of a conjuring trick. These destroyers have been
text: left by the main charge which we hear receding and:
text: LONG SHOT. From an eminence at the end of the Wadi we hear
text: the popping rifles, the distant cries, the distant thunder as the
text: charge, still in perfect line, rolls up the last Turkish defences,
text: the camp behind it in chaos, and only now at this discreet distance
text: do we see the strewn dead among the wreckage, in sufficient numbers
dialog: to indicate total victory. We PAN to follow the charge, ending when
text: the helpless BIG GUNS loom on frame in foreground, with in the
text: distance Akaba Town, its beach and seashore.
speaker_heading: cUuT
scene_heading: DELETED.
text: ROSTRUM SHOT-PANNING. Across wall and disclosing LONG
text: SHOT LAWRENCE and camel going down to the sea. As it
text: turns along the surf.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. PANNING with LAWRENCE and camel walking
text: through surf and coming to a halt.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. He looks around him, head raised.
text: in the manner of a conquerer. (Enough footage for trumpets and
text: orchestra to develop.) He glances towards the town, lowers
text: his head, puts his rifle away and wipes his hand on his clothing.
text: He sits, his head againraised, looking out to sea. After a moment
text: or two the FLOWERS fall past his face, he looks downwards.
text: INTERCUT. INSERT of the FLOWERS floating on the water.
text: RESUME CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE - he turns in his saddle and
dialog: sees:
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI (who is just behind)
speaker_heading: ALI
text: The miracle is accomplished.
dialog: (Pointing to the flowers)
text: Garlands for the conqueror.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: o
speaker_heading: oT
dialog: a
dialog: 102
dialog: 491 Continued
text: He turns and looks down at the water again.
text: 492 CLOSE SHOT. The FLOWERS. They are drifting backwards and
text: forwards in the water.
text: 493 MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE and ALI. LAWRENCE jumps from
text: his camel and CAMERA PANS with him into CLOSE SHOT as he
text: chases the FLOWERS and finally picks them up.
scene_heading: 494 CLOSE SHOT. ALI.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Tribute for the Prince
dialog: Flowers for the man...
text: 495 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE (as from ALI's viewpoint). He wants
dialog: to respond.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: I'm none of those things. Ali.
text: 496 MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE in foreground - ALI in background.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: What then?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Don't know.
dialog: (holding up the flowers)
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (looking out over the sea)
dialog: My god I love this country.
text: There is a soft explosion off. LAWRENCE looks towards the town.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: What ...?
text: 49n/ CLOSE SHOT. ALI - he turns looking towards the town.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Auda.
text: 500 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. His eyebrows are raised; he is
text: privately shaking with inner laughter at the scene.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE /
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: Have you looked thoroughly?
dialog: 
dialog: es
dialog: 500
speaker_heading: 501
dialog: 502
speaker_heading: 503
speaker_heading: 504
dialog: 103
dialog: Continued
text: Behind him a breathless Howeitat crashes in. He glances round
text: nervously at the threatening tableau, salaams to LAWRENCE with’
text: nervous haste and says to AUDA excitedly:
speaker_heading: HOWEITAT
dialog: Auda Ibu Tayi! I have found it!
text: He gestures invitingly towards the door, and LAWRENCE stands
text: aside as AUDA and his HOWEITAT, noisy again, pour through it.
text: LAWRENCE and ALI go swiftly to the wireless set and after a
dialog: single glance:
text: CLOSE SHOT. Angling up. ALI looks at LAWRENCE, anxiously,
text: and LAWRENCE after a moment's scrutiny:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: That's a pity.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE walks away and stops. Picks up a
text: Dispatch Case. He thinks. He radiates electric energy and
dialog: confidence.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Ali, get a message down the coast to Yenbo.
dialog: Tell Feisal to find boats -- any boats -- and
dialog: bring the Arab Army here to Akaba. Quickly.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I'm going to tell the Generals.
dialog: (with inner relish)
dialog: In Cairo!
text: Anticipating opposition, LAWRENCE is deliberately insouciant; he
text: continues to be occupied with the Dispatch Case.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (going)
dialog: Yes, ‘cross Sinai.
text: CLOSE SHOT. At this FARRAJ and DAUD are alert and wildly hope-
text: ful. On SOUND TRACK, ALI says:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: "Sinai!"
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: With these?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 504
speaker_heading: 505
speaker_heading: 506
speaker_heading: 507
dialog: 104
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: They'll be alright with me.
text: He says this with a little reproving laugh in his voice, as though
text: Sinai were the local park and ALI's anxiety comical. But seeing
text: ALI's face he reaches out, takes ALI by one of his cross straps and
dialog: adds:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Look Ali.
text: ' * (he shakes him gently, smiling)
dialog: If any of your Bedouin arrived in Cairo and
dialog: told them that we've taken Akaba, the Generals
dialog: would laugh!
speaker_heading: . ALI
dialog: (quietly, but with the bitterness
dialog: of frustrated love)
dialog: Isee. In Cairo you will put off these funny
dialog: clothes; you will wear trousers and tell
dialog: stories of our quaintness and barbarity.
dialog: And then they will believe you.
text: During this, the smile fades from LAWRENCE's features and by
text: its end he has a face of stone. He pauses, then says softly into
dialog: ALI's face:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: You're an ignorant man.
text: CLOSE SHOT. In an ancient-strong room with a small barred window,
text: two HOWEITAT proffer a metal chest to AUDA. He flings from it
text: a final handful of grubby paper currency, which hangs in the air and
text: litters the floor like snow, and roars:
speaker_heading: : AUDA
dialog: Paper!
text: MEDIUM SHOT. He leaves the strong room, which brings him
text: into the tunnel through which LAWRENCE must leave the courtyard.
text: He stops as he sees LAWRENCE, preparing his mount, ALI by him,
text: DAUD and FARRAJ behind.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: There is no gold in Akaba. No gold! No
dialog: "great box!"
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE glances past AUDA but sees that the
text: tunnel is filled with AUDA's men. He relaxes in his saddle and says
text: loudly and with a touch of mild contempt:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Did Auda come to Akaha for gold?
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: For my pleasure as you said, but gold
dialog: yy 507
dialog: Oo!
dialog: ,
dialog: | 508
dialog: °
speaker_heading: 6 509
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: D
dialog: A
dialog: 510
dialog: 4%
speaker_heading: 511
dialog: 
dialog: om 512
dialog: .)
dialog: ad
speaker_heading: 513
dialog: e>
dialog: 105
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: AUDA. (Cont)
dialog: is honourable and Aurens promised gold...
dialog: (deliberately)
dialog: Aurens lied.
text: MED. SHOT. FARRAJ and DAUD each slams a round into the
text: breach of his rifle, with that particular unmistakeable noise:
text: MED. SHOT. AUDA and his men suddenly stop lounging and are
text: alert. AUDA peers past LAWRENCE and laughs. ,
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: See, Auda.
text: He opens the Despatch Case and takes from it a sheaf of papers, on
text: the back of one of which he writes with a pencil, also from the
text: Despatch Case, saying loudly as he does so:
dialog: The Crown of England promises to pay
dialog: 5,000 golden guineas to Auda Ibuy Tayi."
text: (still scribbling he adds
dialog: for his own amusement)
dialog: Signed in His Majesty's absence by ...
dialog: (a flourishing signature)
dialog: +e. me.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. P.O. V. LAWRENCE, AUDA moves alongside his
text: camel and holds up his hand rather suspiciously for the paper.
text: LAWRENCE leans down into the frame and hands it to him, saying
dialog: as he does so:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: In ten days I'll be back with gold.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT, LAWRENCE
text: He straightens in the saddle and adds ringingly for the benefit of
dialog: all those now assembled:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: With gold, with guns! With everything!
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA as before, unimpressed.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Ten days? You will cross Sinai?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Why not? . Moses did.
text: And he urges his beast past AUDA and into the tunnel.
text: CLOSE SHOT. FARRAJ and DAUD pass AUDA following LAWRENCE.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O 514
speaker_heading: 4 515
speaker_heading: 2 516
dialog: 106
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA, calling after:
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: And you will take the -- children?
text: LAWRENCE's figure is already dim. His voice sails clearly back
dialog: to AUDA,
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Moses did!
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (glaring after him)
dialog: Moses was a prophet!
text: He glowers at the paper in his hand and fires a parting shot through
text: the now empty tunnel beyond which only emptiness can be seen.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (calling)
dialog: And beloved of God!
text: AUDA turns. His face is neither angry nor taken aback, but
text: perfectly still and very, very thoughtful. He says to ALI, as one
text: who ponders calmly | but with apprehension a tiny piece of vital
dialog: evidence:
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: He said there was gold here. He lied.
dialog: He is not perfect.
dialog: And he makes perfection sound a reasonable, indeed necessary,
dialog: requirement in a man.
text: LONG SHOT. THE SINAI DESERT. The stars are disappearing
text: ina red dawn. The CAMERA PANS across the desolate beauty of
text: it into a MED. SHOT of LAWRENCE, FARRAJ and DAUD riding
text: abreast. Since they are riding westwards they are lit from behind
text: by red light. LAWRENCE reins in and the others follow suit. They
text: look back enquiringly.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Look!
text: LONG SHOT. Their viewpoint. A huge DUST DEVIL lit by the
dialog: sunrise.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE (off)
text: A pillar of fire.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 517
speaker_heading: 518
speaker_heading: 519
dialog: 520
speaker_heading: 521
speaker_heading: 522
speaker_heading: 523
dialog: 107
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and the TWO BOYS. DAUD looks back '
text: at LAWRENCE uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: DAUD '
dialog: No Lord, sand. )
text: LAWRENCE laughs and rides forward.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT. A featureless desert plain. Broad day-
text: light, pale sky, pale sand. The impression of heat less overwhelm-
dialog: ing than on the mud flats but the droughtiness absolute. Three,
text: four, five dust devils at varying distances, veer and waver incon-
dialog: stantly over the plain. (we want here, not geographical fact, but
text: metaphysical atmosphere) One of these columns bears down on the
scene_heading: THREE TINY FIGURES.
text: MED. SHOT. The THREE RIDERS enveloped in the whirling dust,
text: heads down, suffering it. It is suddenly gone. They are too tired
text: to comment, only moving forward again.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. FARRAJ and DAUD try to spit but have
text: no spittle. LAWRENCE shakes his clothes.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A bright object falls silently on the sand. The camels
text: feet move on as the CAMERA MOVES IN on the object. Itis
text: LAWRENCE's compass.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: LONG SHOT. SINAI. The terrain now more strange and confused.
text: The THREE RIDERS come to a stop.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE feels his robes for his compass, fails
text: to find it and looks back. The TWO BOYS follow his gaze not
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (cupping his empty hand
text: as if he were holding it)
dialog: My compass.
text: Their fatigued faces look at him, alarmed.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No matter. If we ride West, we must
dialog: strike the Canal. Due West.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 
dialog: A
speaker_heading: Lv
dialog: ay
speaker_heading: 524
speaker_heading: 525
speaker_heading: 526
dialog: 108
text: MED. SHOT. The THREE RIDERS receding from CAMERA straight
text: into the sunset. The sun has gone. It is nearly dark.
text: CLOSE SHOT TRACKING. The TWO BOYS look aged with fatigue
text: as they plod forward.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Lord
text: (LAWRENCE looks at him)
dialog: Can we not rest?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Itold you. No rest. Until they know that
dialog: Ihave Akaba.
text: They plod forwards.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Have you slept in beds?
text: They look at him but are too miserable to answer.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Farraj?
speaker_heading: (FARRAJ nods)
dialog: Daud?
speaker_heading: (DAUD nods)
dialog: With sheets?
dialog: Tomorrow night, the finest sheets, in the
dialog: finest room, in the finest hotel in Cairo.
text: DAUD can just manage a smile and a dubious angling of the head.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I promise it!
speaker_heading: DAUD
text: (with an effort, croaking)
dialog: Then it shall be so, Lord.
dialog: It'is almost dark.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: LONG SHOT. DAY. A windswept foggy landscape of enormous sand
text: dunes. As LAWRENCE and FARRAJ, now on foot, drag their
text: grumbling camels down the side of a large dune, the small figures of
text: DAUD and his camel appear on the crest above them some hundred
dialog: + ,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a 109
dialog: 526 Continued
dialog: Co
text: yards away. He stands looking down at LAWRENCE and FARRAJ
dialog: wondering whether to make the effort to join them or go straight
text: down. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ reach the bottom of the dune and
text: stop in CLOSE SHOT. We now see that their lips are badly cracked
text: So and that their faces are masked by grey dust. They stand still for
text: a moment, breathing hard, then LAWRENCE turns; wearily and
text: impatiently he signals DAUD to go down. DAUD half raises his hand
text: in reply as LAWRENCE beckons to FARRAJ and they move on.
text: ©) 527 CLOSE SHOT.. DAUD. He takes the reins of his camel and pulls
text: it over the crest, down the slope. The CAMERA PANS with them
text: as they gather momentum and plunge downwards. ‘
text: 528 CLOSE.SHOT. They run into a basin of soft sand at the bottom of
text: D the dune. They are knee deep in it.
text: 529 CLOSE UP. DAUD's camel. It lets out a frightened grunt and
text: jerks back its head.
text: oa 530 MED. SHOT. The reins fly out of DAUD's hand as the frightened
text: oT animal backs away from him. He shouts at the camel, but not
text: | until he tries to move does he realise the extent to which his legs
text: have sunk into the sand. He look. out towards LAWRENCE and
speaker_heading: FARRAJ.
text: 43 531 LONG SHOT. DAUD's viewpoint. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ plod
text: on oblivious to what has happened.
text: 532 CLOSE SHOT. DAUD. The sand is now up to his thighs. He looks
text: around desperately with fear in his eyes.
text: 533 CLOSE SHOT. His camel, standing still, its dangling reins just
text: out of reach.
text: 584 CLOSE SHOT. DAUD. He makes a great effort to move but his
text: hands sink in the sand as he tries to press himself up. He yells
dialog: J above the wind:
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: Farraj!
text: 535 CLOSE SHOT. FARRAJ. He is unaware of his friend's plight as he
text: staggers on through a particularly difficult patch. He just manages
text: ( ) to wave an arm in an exchange of greeting.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: 536
speaker_heading: 537
speaker_heading: 538
speaker_heading: 539
dialog: 540
speaker_heading: 541
speaker_heading: 542
speaker_heading: 543
speaker_heading: 544
speaker_heading: 545
speaker_heading: 546
speaker_heading: 547
speaker_heading: 548
dialog: 110
text: CLOSE SHOT. DAUD. For the last time he controls his panic. He
text: twists round to face his camel and forces himself to speak winningly.
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: Aruka... Aruka...?
text: CLOSE SHOT. The camel. She lowers her head, puzzled.
text: CLOSE SHOT. DAUD and the camel. DAUD reaches for the reins.
dialog: They are still too: far.
text: CLOSE SHOT. DAUD. He is up to his chest.
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: Aruka ... Aruka...?
text: CLOSE SHOT. DAUD and the CAMEL. She edges forward. In one
text: moment DAUD grabs the reins and her forefeet sink in the sand.
text: CLOSE SHOT. Angling up from DAUD's viewpoint.. The CAMEL
text: makes a tearing leap sideways and away, loudly bellowing as she
dialog: does so. .
text: LONG SHOT. LOW ANGLE. LAWRENCE and FARRAd plodding
text: away up the slope. They turn. They run floundering towards us.
text: As they come, DAUD's camel dashes from behind CAMERA and =
text: towards them, monstrous because of our low angle.
text: FLASH SHOT. The face of FARRAJ, running.
text: FLASH SHOT. The face of LAWRENCE, running.
text: QUICK LOW ANGLE SHOT. The camels of. FARRAJ and LAWRENCE.
text: They spin out of screen.
text: QUICK CLOSE SHOT. DAUD. He screams.
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: Aurens!
text: MED. SHOT. The three camels tear up to the crest of the rise.
text: Two of them disappear over it.
text: MED. SHOT. DAUD's head and shoulders in foreground, with
text: LAWRENCE and FARRAJ struggling towards him in background. His
text: mouth quivers with fright as he repeats:
speaker_heading: DAUD
dialog: Aurens! Aurens.
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: 549
dialog: 550
speaker_heading: 551
speaker_heading: 552
speaker_heading: 553
speaker_heading: 554
speaker_heading: 555
speaker_heading: 556
speaker_heading: 557
speaker_heading: 558
speaker_heading: 559
dialog: 560
dialog: 111
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ lurching
text: forward through the sand gasping for breath.
text: CLOSE UP. DAUD. He makes a desperate effort to sustain his
text: level by stretching out his arms, but he continues to sink and the
text: plowing sand begins to lap round his shoulders.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT. FARRAJ and LAWRENCE. FARRAd makes a last
text: frantic rush forward, but within three or four yards of his friend
text: he too sinks in above the nees. LAWRENCE flings himself forward
text: on his belly and barely manages to pull him back to safety.
text: CLOSE UP. DAUD. The sand around his neck.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. He rips cff his headcloth, unwinds
text: it, and flings the free end towards DAUD.
text: CLOSE UP. DAUD. His chin is beginning to sink as the end of the
text: head cloth falls into picture. He just manages. to get hold of it
text: with both hands.
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE. Taking the strain on the taut cloth. The
text: vibration showing how much strength he is exercising.
text: CLOSE UP. DAUD. The same vibration is repeated, we see at
text: once that his strength will be insufficient. He begins to whimper.
text: His hands slip on the cloth and slip again. The sand mounts towards
text: his mouth and he begins to choke.
text: CLOSE SHOT. FARRAJ dashes forward. LAWRENCE trips him,
text: throws him to the ground and holds him down. FARRAJ suddenly
text: relaxes, his face turned away from LAWRENCE, whose face has
text: gone old and bitter. The CAMERA begins to move back and upwards.
text: More and more sand comes into picture. In a futile gesture of
text: atonement, LAWRENCE brushes sand from FARRAu's back.
text: LONG SHOT. The two figures. In the background at. the head of
text: the rise, the single camel.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: MED. TRACKING SHOT. The screen is full of whirling white powder.
text: Between the gusts we can dimly make out the camel moving forward,
text: with FARRAJ mounted and LAWRENCE walking. They emerge from
text: it, with their faces like plaster casts.
text: CLOSE SHOT. FARRAJ looking down. He takes a decision and taps
text: the camel to kneel.
dialog: 
dialog: 112
dialog: 
text: C) 561 MED. SHOT. The camel Imeeling. LAWRENCE looking at FARRAJ
text: oO” as though for instructions, but unseeing.
speaker_heading: FARRAI
dialog: , (hesitant) ,
dialog: Aurens ... Why do you walk?
text: (LAWRENCE makes no answer.
text: © FARRAJ speaks as though he '
dialog: aa had) :
dialog: .++ But why, Lord...? But there is room '
dialog: for both;
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: ‘oC Aurens!
dialog: (the note of fear brings some
dialog: return of awareness into
text: LAWRENCE's face. Eagerly,
text: , indicating LAWRENCE's feet) . ’
dialog: oO Why, Lord? It serves no purpose --- there
dialog: \ is room for both. ,
text: LAWRENCE nods and even smiles a little, as one taking a well
text: made point. He moves to ride with FARRAJ.
dialog: me ey
speaker_heading: eo DISSOLVE ;
dialog: , .
text: \ 562 LONGSHOT. There is a strange drumming on the SOUND TRACK. ‘
text: ' A bank of dust sweeping away from us. It discloses LAWRENCE '
text: and FARRAJ on their camel, riding towards us. Above the drumming ;
text: Ne we hear the clear voice of the boy and see him point.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Aurens! ... Look!
text: 45 563 LONG SHOT TRACKING. From their viewpoint. A collection. of
text: ° army hutments and a flagpole. Swirls of dust chase one another.
text: A frayed halyard drums rhythmically against its blistered flagpole.
dialog: (This is what we heard)
text: 564 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. After a glance at LAWRENCE, FARRAJ
text: O takes it upon himself to kick the camel into a trot. At once LAWRENCE
text: accepts it, controlling the camel properly and conscientiously, but
text: his face does not change.
text: 565: MED. SHOT. CAMERA PANS with the CAMEL, as, at a broken trot,
text: oO it rides in among the buildings and halts.
speaker_heading: Cc) FARRAJ
dialog: Aurens?
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: CD
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: Oo
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: 'S
dialog: '
dialog: cc
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: '
dialog: ,
dialog: ‘4 3
dialog: Me
speaker_heading: C
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: 566
speaker_heading: 567
speaker_heading: 568
speaker_heading: 569
dialog: 570
speaker_heading: 571
speaker_heading: 572
speaker_heading: 573
speaker_heading: 574
speaker_heading: 575
dialog: 113
text: CLOSE SHOT. But with quick tact he compromises and slips to the
text: ground without waiting for the camel to kneel.
text: MED. SHOT. CAMERA PANS with FARRAd as he runs to the
dialog: principal building.
text: CLOSE SHOT. He goes in. The door swings behind him. It bears
text: a wooden. notice, now split and so faded as to be barely readable
text: except for one word, in red (now pink) "WARNING". Under this,
text: in black (now gray) These buildings are Army Property. It is
dialog: an offence ...' (Here the wording becomes perfecily illegible)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. THE NOTICE.
text: CLOSE SHOL. LAWRENCE regarding the notice on the swinging
text: door, which we hear banging, as also the slapping of the halyard
text: and the moan of the wind.
text: CLOSE SHOT. (from his angle) The swinging door.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE, as before, his expression tranced
text: but with inward concentration, not dreamy.
text: CLOSE SHOT. (froim his angle) The swinging door.’
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE, as before. _
speaker_heading: FARRAJ (on SOUND TRACK)
dialog: Aurens! Aurens!
text: FARRAJ causes LAWRENCE's camel to kneel. Urgent and with a
text: return of fear, he repeats:
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Aurens!
text: FARRAJ dashes some of the water into LAWRENCE's face. We
text: expect to see LAWRENCE jerk out of his trance but instead he merely
dialog: says quite calmly:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: All right Farraj. It's all right.
text: And he alights from the camel and his expression has not changed and
dialog: we know that this was no trance, or if it was, it is one which will
dialog: last a lifetime.
text: MED. LONG TRACKING SHOT. He allows FARRAJ, who smiles
text: uncertainly into his face, to lead him up to and through the swinging
dialog: 
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: 575
speaker_heading: 576
speaker_heading: 577
speaker_heading: 578
speaker_heading: 579
dialog: 580
speaker_heading: 581
text: . Canal stretching away into the distance, marvellous in its extent
dialog: 114
dialog: Continued
text: door. (no dotting of "i's" here; he pays it no attention).
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: '
text: MED.SHOT, INSIDE THE HUT, dark after the sunlight. Doors |
text: lead off a dusty central corridor. In the offices we glimpse :
text: remnants of office furniture and curled up dehydrated notices. In
text: some places the curled sheets of corrugated iron have fallen inwards,
text: revealing the sky, so that he passes from shadow to light and into |
text: shadow again. FARRAJ runs ahead and flings open the far door. |
dialog: |
text: LONG SHOT. FARRAJ and LAWRENCE leave the hutment.
text: FARRAJ dragging him by the hand towards a sandbank in the fore-
text: ground of the picture. As they climb the bank the CAMERA CRANES
text: BACK and UPWARDS until they come to a halt in CLOSE SHOT against
text: the blue sky. LAWRENCE stares. From the very faint expression
text: of his face we perhaps can just ascertain that what he see is a i
dialog: solution to a problem, and the commencement to another.
text: LONG SHOT. The CAMERA is shooting across the Suez Canal
text: (from the African Bank) on to the small figures of LAWRENCE and
text: FARRAJ on the far side. After a moment's pause the CAMERA
text: PANS OFF the TWO FIGURES into a LONG SHOT disclosing the
text: and its humanity. There is the sound of a motorcycle and we see
text: a trail of dust fast approaching along the roadway now in the fore-
dialog: ground of picture.
text: CLOSE SHOT. FARRAJ and LAWRENCE. FARRAd leaps up and
text: down waving his arms and calling:
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Aye-aye-aye-aye-aye! !
text: LONG SHOT. From FARRAJ's P.O. V. across the canal we see the
text: MOTORCYCLIST approaching along the far bank. He begins to
dialog: throttle down. ,
text: CLOSE SHOT. The MOTORCYCLIST comes to a halt. He is so
text: goggled and mufflered as to be anonymous. He wears no helmet
text: and wears the uniform of a British N.C. O. with individual variations
text: which make him as like as possible the anonymous figure of LAWRENCE
text: as we first saw him. He peers across the Canal, then switches off
text: the engine, pulls the muffler from his mouth, becoming partially
dialog: human. :
speaker_heading: MOTORCYCLIST
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: - Who are you?
dialog: 3
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: 583
speaker_heading: 584
speaker_heading: 585
speaker_heading: 586
speaker_heading: 587
speaker_heading: 588
speaker_heading: 589
speaker_heading: 590
speaker_heading: 591
dialog: 115
text: LONG SHOT. From the MOTORCYCLIST'S P.O. V. we see the
text: small figures of LAWRENCE and FARRAJ across the water.
text: FARRAJ looks at LAWRENCE who does not reply. FARRAJ then
text: waves his arms in silence.
text: CLOSE SHOT. THE MOTORCYLIST. He calls again.
scene_heading: " MOTORCYCLIST
dialog: Who are you’? Who are you?
text: LONG SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAd insignificant on the far
text: side. The voice cf the MOTORCYCLIST echves between the em-
dialog: bankments.
dialog: Who.are you? Who are you?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: MED. SHOT. A TRAMCAR rattles its way through a crowded
text: noisy street in CAIRO. As it passes across the picture it discloses
text: an ARMY TRUCK followed by a MOTORCYCLIST who is again
text: goggled and mufflered in anonymity.
text: CLOSE SHOT. In the back of the truck are LAWRENCE and
text: FARRAJ. The boy is asleep with his mouth open and LAWRENCE
text: steadies him against the sway of the truck. Both have had some
text: sort of a wash and the dust has been removed from their sun-baked
text: faces. LAWRENCE idly raises his eyes towards the rear of the
dialog: truck,
text: CLOSE SHOT. Through the narrow gap in the flapping awning at
text: the truck, a CAIRO street, with MOTOR BIKE following.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ. The truck swerves
text: to the side, and LAWRENCE holds the sagging boy upright.
text: LONG SHOT. The skyline of Cairo with a British flag in foreground,
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ in foreground of picture.
text: The truck has halted and through the awning in background, we catch
text: a glimpse of a portico belonging to a very big building. As the
text: SHOT begins the DRIVER throws down the tailboard with a crash.
text: FARRAJ struggles out of sleep with a cry of desperate warning.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Daud!
text: LAWRENCE looks as though struck. FARRAJ, hearing the mental
text: echo of his own cry, looks up sharply and apprehensively at him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 4M
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 591
speaker_heading: 592
speaker_heading: 593
speaker_heading: 594
speaker_heading: 595
speaker_heading: 596
speaker_heading: 597
speaker_heading: 598
dialog: i16
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (puzzled, to LAWRENCE)
dialog: We're here, sir.
text: CLOSE SHOT. THE MOTORCYCLIST,. stationary, from behind.
text: He twists his head (goggles now pushed up to reveal, after all, an
text: ordinary English face) to see what his strange charges are doing
dialog: now.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ have dismounted, and
text: address themselves to the steps. LAWRENCE keeps one hand on
text: FARRAJ as though this were the one duty he were sure of.
text: CLOSE SHOT. DRIVER, puzzled, touched, amused, but "keeping
text: well out if it," saunters towards his cab, with one eye on FARRAJ
text: and LAWRENCE (off screen).
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (with curiosity and some
dialog: sympathy)
dialog: You going in there, sir?
text: MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ. LAWRENCE slows his
text: pace but does not stop.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The DRIVER, this not being his problem, nods
text: and swings himself into the cab.
text: MED. SHOT. We hear the truck start up. The CAMERA PANS
text: AND TRACKS with LAWRENCE and FARRAJ as they climb the last
text: few steps, cross a long open corridor running the length of the
text: building, and pass through a large doorway opening out into a patio.
text: PART of the patio is roped off and by an opening in the center a
text: PROVOST SERGEANT is seated at a desk. Near him are two M.P.
text: CORPORALS on duty. TWO MAJORS pass the CORPORALS on their
text: way out. The CORPORALS salute.
text: MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ wander past the two
text: CORPORALS. They are surprised, but one recovers before the other.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Here!
text: FARRAJ glances backwards but LAWRENCE, holding him by the hand,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ee
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CG
speaker_heading: 598
speaker_heading: 599
dialog: 117
dialog: Continued
text: leads him on past the PROVOST SERGEANT who looks up from his
dialog: desk.
scene_heading: PROVOST SERGEANT
dialog: Here! You!
text: LAWRENCE and FARRAJ obediently turn at the PROVOST
text: SERGEANT's shout. His indignation is softened by amusement
text: at this bizarre and evidently harmless intrusion.
scene_heading: PROVOST SERGEANT
dialog: (rising, quite kindly)
dialog: Where the hell d'you think you're going
dialog: Mustapha?
text: MED. SHOT. LAWRENCE gestures vaguely towards one of the
text: corridors leading off the patic. He is not "mickey taking."
speaker_heading: LAWRENC:
dialog: Er... we're thirsty. .
text: The PROVOST SERGEANT approaches, staring hard. His expression
text: changes. He speaks gently.
scene_heading: PROVOST SERGEANT
dialog: Mister Lawrence, is it?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: PROVOST SERGEANT
dialog: (taking in his clothes - and
speaker_heading: FARRAJ)
dialog: Are you going to the Officers' bar, sir?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes.
text: LAWRENCE turns and goes, propelling FARRAJ before him. The
text: PROVOST SERGEANT is shocked and calls after him:
scene_heading: PROVOST SERGEANT
dialog: You can't take him in there, sir.
text: FARRAJ turns round again but LAWRENCE does not appear to have
dialog: heard anything.
dialog: 
dialog: C) 600
speaker_heading: 601
speaker_heading: 602
dialog: 118
text: MED.SHOT. The PROVOST SERGEANT and CORPORALS stare
text: after them. All are astonished and shocked, but a certain pleasure
text: begins to dawn within the PROVOST SERGEANT, who can anticipate:
text: LONG SHOT. THE CLUB. A DOZEN OFFICERS seated or standing
text: at tables, the bar itself vacant. The OFFICERS are conversing
text: quietly. Among others we see the CLUB SECRETARY from the
text: billiards sequence. In background LAWRENCE and FARRAJ enter
text: and make towards the bar.
text: One by one the OFFICERS see them and absolute incredulous silénce
text: falls, for they look completely Arab. Nobody moves. The CAMERA
text: PANS with LAWRENCE and FARRAJ into a CLOSE SHOT as they
text: come to a standstill in front of the har. The Arab BARTENDER
text: is flung into instantaneous alarm and embarrassment partly on his
text: own, and partly on LAWRENCE's behalf, who regards him blankly.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
text: (leaning forward, urgently
dialog: confiding)
dialog: No. No. You must --- you must -- no --
dialog: nO-- no-- no.
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Go, Effendi, go!
text: He glances nervously at the thunderstruck OFFICERS and raises
text: his voice officiously.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Get out! You must get out! Get out!
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ over the BARTENDER's
text: shoulder with the OFFICERS in the background. The BARTENDER
text: makes a move across picture in order to round the bar, but
text: suddenly LAWRENCE grips him and turns him back into his first
text: position. LAWRENCE's face hegins to show some sort of response
text: to his situation. The response is venomous.anger. He speaks
text: very clear and Oxford in this silence.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We want two large glasses of lemonade.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (utterly lost)
dialog: ... This is a bar for British Officers.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (as one for whom wit is
dialog: an unavoidable burden)
dialog: That's all right; we're not particular.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: s
dialog: Jo
speaker_heading: 602
dialog: i19
dialog: Continued
text: There is a clatter from the background as the SECRETARY gets up
text: from his chair.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Lawrence!
text: He comes up to LAWRENCE and FARRAJ.
dialog: Are you off your head!
text: LAWRENCE looks about him at the decent, puzzled English faces,
text: uncomprehending and therefore beginning to be indignant. Hatred
text: begins to shine in his eyes. The CAMERA begins to track in.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No, oddly enough I'm. not.
text: One or two more OFFICERS have risento their feet. They are
text: not enraged but displeased and spontaneously disapproving. The
text: little oddity with his self regard and cryptic utterances has really
dialog: gone too far with this latest escapade. Tolerance must be with-
text: drawn. One of them calls out and others join in, overlapping.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Now look here Lawrence, just clear out
dialog: will you!
speaker_heading: THE OTHERS
dialog: Yes, goon, clear out!
dialog: (in a no-nonsense voice)
dialog: Get that boy out of here, Lawrence!
dialog: (peremptory)
dialog: Oh go away, Lawrence.
dialog: (wearily)
text: The SECRETARY places a firm grasp on FARRAJ's upper arm, says,
dialog: tight-lipped:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: We'll have this one out, anyway.
text: LAWRENCE tears the SECRETARY's hand from FARRAJ and flings
text: it away. The physical act triggers a more violent vocal reaction
text: from the OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: OFFICERS
dialog: Clear out!
dialog: 
dialog: a) 602
speaker_heading: Cc
dialog: ©
dialog: 'D
speaker_heading: 603/
dialog: = NT 4
dialog: 120
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: OFFICERS (Cont)
dialog: Clear off, Lawrence! :
dialog: Get that wog out of here!
dialog: Clear off!
dialog: Imshi!
dialog: Yes, go on, Imshi!
dialog: Take that little wog out!
dialog: -- the little woz!
dialog: --little wog!
dialog: Imshi, the pair of you!
dialog: Imshi!
dialog: Imshi!
dialog: Imshi!
text: BRIGHTON walks in and stops, frowning and displeased.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (cold and sharp)
dialog: What's going on?
scene_heading: MED.SHOT. LAWRENCE, FARRAJ and SECRETARY in the
text: foreground at the bar. BRIGHTON and the OFFICERS in the back-
text: ground. The overlapping babble ceases and there is an awkward
text: silence as BRIGHTON walks foward to the bar. The SECRETARY
text: steps back, making way for BRIGHTON as he passes him.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (murmuring with a nice
dialog: blend of discreet indignation)
dialog: It's Lawrence, sir.
text: BRIGHTON stares and stares at LAWRENCE, who turns deliberately
text: away and addresses the BARTENDER.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Lemonade, with ice.
text: The BARTENDER jerks into action.
dialog: and barks:
text: BRIGHTON goes up to LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Well! Explain yourself!
text: The BARTENDER passes two glasses of lemonade before LAWRENCE,
text: LAWRENCE passes one to FARRAJ, then turns to BRIGHTON, taking
text: a breath deliberately.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: C
dialog: (o
dialog: 121
dialog: 603/ Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We've taken Akahba.
text: BRIGHTON gives an irritable interrogative grunt. The precise
text: meaning of the words is too outlandish for him to take in.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Hm?
text: Several OFFICERS have gathered round at a discreet distance.
text: There is a complete silence all round save for the considerable
text: noise of FARRAJ drinking.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: (to BARTENDER)
dialog: He likes your lemonade.
text: The content of LAWRENCE's words is still too unexpected to
text: be taken in. BRIGHTON wrinkles his brow. He is trying to find
dialog: out what LAWRENCE can really be meaning for he is sufficiently
text: sensitive to see that he means something and something serious.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Taken Akaba? Who has?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We have... Our side in the war has. The
dialog: wogs have. We have.
text: 605/ CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON looks at LAWRENCE, hard and intelli-
text: 7 gently, trying to differentiate fact and fantasy.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: You mean the Turks have gone?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: No, they're still there but they've no boots.
dialog: (he tries for a more ordinary
dialog: tone)
dialog: Prisoners, sir -- we took them prisoners.
dialog: (but his overworked nerves
dialog: must unwind)
dialog: The entire garrison --
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE (off)
dialog: --No, that's not true - we killed some of
dialog: them - too many really - manage it better
dialog: next time.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: iO
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 608
speaker_heading: 609
dialog: 122
scene_heading: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE and BRIGHTON
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Been a lot of killing one way and another.
text: BRIGHTON's stare is still appraising.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Cross my heart and hope to die, it's
dialog: all perfectly true.
text: CLOSE SHOT.. LAWRENCE, BRIGHTON and the OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: It isn't possible.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes itis. I did it.
text: There is a pause. BRIGHTON finds all the OFFICERS looking
text: at him.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: You'd better talk to Allenby.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (with a flicker of interest)
dialog: General Allenby?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
text: Yes. He's in command now. Murray's gone.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (unwillingly interested, not
dialog: flippant)
dialog: Well, that's a step in the right direction.
text: He places his glass on the bar. His hand is shaking violently.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: But first I want a room. With a bed. With
dialog: sheets.
text: BRIGHTON regards him with some sympathy, and perhaps the begin-
text: nings of admiration.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Yes, of course
speaker_heading: CG
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: 609
dialog: 610
speaker_heading: 611
dialog: 123
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quiet, but hard, a challenge)
dialog: It's for him.
text: BRIGHTON hesitates, glances at FARRAJ.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: All right.
text: Taking the initiative, heleads the way from the bar.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. The CAMERA TRACKS with LAWRENCE,
text: BRIGHTON and FARRAJ as they ‘make their way through the
text: OFFICERS and tables.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
text: (with a sharp glance at LAWRENCE)
dialog: You want a bed yourself, don't you?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: See Allenby first, though. Will he see
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (looking at him with interest)
dialog: I think so. :
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Do that then. :
text: (rubs his jaw, smiles faintly)
dialog: I better shave?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: And you'd better get into some trousers.
text: BRIGHTON nods, smiling at LAWRENCE's rig, expecting him to
text: enjoy the preposterousness of it, but LAWRENCE looks at him
text: unfathomably. His smile fades. He cocks his head and frowns
text: enquiringly.
text: MED. SHOT. A GROUP OF OFFICERS, standing quite still, staring.
text: Hold for a moment on the OFFICERS.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: 612
dialog: ©
dialog: :
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 2
dialog: !
dialog: 7)
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: 613
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: 614
speaker_heading: Co 615
dialog: 124
scene_heading: INTERIOR. GENERAL ALLENBY'S OFFICE
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY. He is seated at his desk in the office
text: previously occupied by MURRAY. Most of the furniture has been
text: changed together with pictures and other ornamentation. On the
text: wall behind him hangs a calendar depicting month by month a
dialog: bucolic England whichis no longer, and probably never was. The
text: office now has an airy atmosphere with everything in apple-pie
text: order. ALLENBY is a footballer, burly and fit; a gentleman, erect
dialog: and self-respecting; a General Officer who has thoroughly assimi-
text: lated power, shrewd, commanding, daring, and humble. He is
text: reading with quiet concentration a personal dossier. His tone is
text: flat, with no trace of comment, as if it might be a shopping list
text: he is checking.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: - undisciplined, unpunctual, untidy.
text: The CAMERA TRACKS and :PANS very slowly off ALLENBY towards
text: the opposite side of his desk. In the background we can see seated
scene_heading: DRYDEN (nearest CAMERA) and BRIGHTON.
dialog: ..- Several languages ... knowledge of
dialog: music... literature...
dialog: (he browses)
text: The CAMERA comes.to rest on a CLOSE SHOT OF LAWRENCE,
text: still in Arab clothes. He looks across the desk at ALLENBY
text: cautiously. On the otherwise vacant desk we see three photo-
text: graphs. These are a rubgy team, an English gentlewoman with
text: a discreet dependent face and a single link of pearls, and a bonny
text: child on a New Forest pony in front of a country house.
dialog: Knowledge of ... knowledge of ...
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY. He looks up and it is impossible to
text: tell from his expression or his voice whether he is satirical.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: You're an interesting man, there's no
dialog: doubt about it.
text: CLOSE SHOT. DRYDEN and BRIGHTON. BRIGHTON gives a
text: quick glance at DRYDEN. DRYDEN feels the look but does not
dialog: respond.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY and LAWRENCE. ALLENBY closes
text: the dossier and puts it on the desk. Then he speaks, not hectoringly,
text: not even sharply, but very much in the tone of a good barrister
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: wf 615
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: ©]
dialog: ¢
dialog: ®
speaker_heading: iO
dialog: 125
dialog: Continued
text: eliciting facts.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Who told you to take Akaba?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Nobody.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: --- Sir.
text: He says this after a pause and rather quietly, without a shade of
text: personal indignation, not insisting on his own rights but gently
text: indicating that the courtesies are to be observed. Tt shows a
dialog: concern not for his own privileges but as it were a fatherly concern
text: lest LAWRENCE should by his behaviour let himself down.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: are Sir.
text: ALLENBY now turns sideways to LAWRENCE and commences a
text: sort of forensic examination, his tone being light, quick and
text: dispassionate. Now the pace goes ding-dong between them.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Then why did you?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Akaba's important.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Why is it important?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: It's the Turkish route to the Canal.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Not any more. They're coming through
dialog: Beersheba.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Iknow. But we've gone forward to Gaza.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: So?
dialog: ry
dialog: os"
dialog: 
dialog: Oo
speaker_heading: 615
speaker_heading: 616
speaker_heading: 617
speaker_heading: 618
dialog: 126
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: . LAWRENCE
dialog: So that left Akaba behind your right.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: True.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: And it will be further behind your right
dialog: when you go for Jerusalem.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Am I going for Jerusalem?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes.
text: ALLENBY considers this for a second or two quite immobile, and
text: it seems that he might be angry.
text: CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON and DRYDEN. DRYDEN glances at
text: BRIGHTON, who is too pent-up with his own thoughts to notice.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY over LAWRENCE. After a moment's
text: consideration ALLENBY smiles gently and quickly, and then dis-
text: missing the smile, faces LAWRENCE, and leaning forward looks
text: at him full of keen interest.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Very well. Akaba behind my right.
speaker_heading: ‘LAWRENCE
dialog: It threatened El Arish and Suez.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Anything else?
scene_heading: CLOSE UP. ‘LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes. Akaba's linked with Medina.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (off)
dialog: You think we should shift them out of Medina
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No. I think we should leave them there.
dialog: 127
text: Cy 619 CLOSE UP, ALLENBY. He looks at LAWRENCE for a second or
text: Q two, then relaxes, swivels his chair, and adopts the tone of a
dialog: mere equal.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: You acted without orders you know.
text: © 620 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE AND ALLENBY. LAWRENCE smiles.
speaker_heading: ‘ LAWRENCE
dialog: Shouldn't Officers "use their initiative at
dialog: all times"?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Not really ... It's awfully dangerous, Lawrence.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: © . Yes, I know.
speaker_heading: ) ALLENBY
dialog: Already?
speaker_heading: 5 LAWRENCE
dialog: a Yes.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (suddenly brisk)
dialog: I'm promoting you Major...
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I don't think that's a very good idea.
speaker_heading: ' ALLENBY
dialog: I didn't ask you. I want you to go back and
dialog: (deliberately searches for
dialog: the most banal phrase)
dialog: -- carry on the good work.
speaker_heading: C! LAWRENCE
dialog: - No thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Why not?
text: ‘C 621 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE over ALLENBY. Now we see LAWRENCE
text: ey, utterly in the grip of his contradictions. His face works and he twists
text: ( slowly about in his chair as he gropes for words.
dialog: ae
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 128
dialog: 621 Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Welll... erm... It'-erm... let's see
dialog: now... I -~ killed -- two people.
text: And now it comes with a convulsive rush.
dialog: Imean two Arabs. One was a boy -- this
dialog: was
dialog: (in a tone of surprise)
dialog: yesterday ... I led him into a quicksand
dialog: ... the other was a man -- that was, oh let
dialog: me see -- before Akaba anyway -- I had
dialog: to execute him with my pistol ... there
dialog: was something about it I didn't like.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (watching him carefully)
dialog: Well naturally.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (staring into ALLENBY's face)
dialog: No. Something else.
scene_heading: 622 CLOSE UP. ALLENBY
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: I see.
text: (He looks away- he is
dialog: uncomfortable)
dialog: Well that's all right; let it be a warning.
text: 623 CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE. He is looking at ALLENBY almost
text: hungrily. His hands are beginning to shake.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No. Something else.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (off)
dialog: What then?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I enjoyed it.
text: 624 CLOSE UP. ALLENBY's face is aged and gloomy. He comprehends.
text: Glances at LAWRENCE, and with an almost physical effort slaps a
text: mask of conventional ignorance and disbelief on his features.
dialog: 
dialog: ‘a?
dialog: a2
dialog: 625
speaker_heading: 626
speaker_heading: 627
dialog: 129
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE. He drops his eyes and tries to control
text: his hands which are now shaking violently. He suddenly becomes
dialog: aware of the presence of:
text: CLOSE UP. DRYDEN AND BRIGHTON. DRYDEN is watching
text: LAWRENCE with a deep look of pity and admiration. BRIGHTON's
text: face is frozen in horror and astonishment.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (off)
dialog: Rubbish. Rubbish and nerves. You're
dialog: tired.
text: LONG SHOT. ALLENBY has wheeled round in his chair fo face
text: LAWRENCE. He now stands up.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: What d'you mean by coming in here dressed
dialog: like that? Amateur dramatics?
text: LAWRENCE has thrown himself back in his chair, very upright
text: under this onslaught of calculated vulgarity, has retreated right
text: back into the fastness of his glacial nature. His eyes flash con-
text: temptuously.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh yes sir. Entirely.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (holds out his hand)
dialog: Let me see that - hat - or whatever it is.
text: He takes the kafia and argyl, examining them with apparent interest.
dialog: Fascinating gear they wear. How d'you
dialog: think I'd look in this, Harry?
speaker_heading: : BRIGHTON
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: Damn ridiculous, sir. :
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: (looking at LAWRENCE and
dialog: handing it back quietly)
dialog: Here, you keep it.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (taking it slowly)
dialog: What I'm trying to say is... I... I don't
dialog: think: I'm Tit for it? .
dialog: 
dialog: 130.
dialog: i CS 627 Continued
dialog: i Le a .
dialog: ID . =
speaker_heading: : ALLENBY
dialog: (briskly)
dialog: . Really? What do you think, Dryden?
speaker_heading: | 5 DRYDEN
dialog: | Before he did it, sir, I'd have said it
dialog: | ( couldn't be done.
dialog: |
text: DRYDEN's praise is evidently of no great value to LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: 2 ALLENBY
dialog: Brighton?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: , (wryly)
dialog: 1O Oh, I know what he thinks.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: | (standing to attention to
dialog: emphasise that he speaks
dialog: x . Officially)
dialog: oD I think you should recommend a decoration, sir.
dialog: I don't think it matters what his motives were.
dialog: 1 ‘Twas a brilliant bit of soldiering.
scene_heading: 628 BIG CLOSEUP. LAWRENCE. MUSIC, English theme, softly
text: K . . commences. The effect of BRIGHTON's words upon LAWRENCE
text: . is almost of a declaration of love.
text: 629 BIG CLOSE UP. ALLENBY. He watches LAWRENCE covertly
text: , for a moment or two, then raises his eyes towards the door.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (bawling)
dialog: Sergeant Major!
text: 630 LONGSHOT. There is an immediate answering roar from without.
dialog: v
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Let's have a drink.
speaker_heading: ; DRYDEN
dialog: C {a little surprised)
dialog: , Thank you, sir.
dialog: \
speaker_heading: a ALLENBY
dialog: | No, no, downstairs.
speaker_heading: CG
dialog: 
dialog: 630
speaker_heading: 631
dialog: 131
dialog: Continued
text: DRYDEN and .BRIGHTON are surprised --- this rugger tough act
text: is not usual --- but they catch on.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Very good, sir.
scene_heading: The door flies open. A:véteran REGIMENTAL SERGEANT MAJOR
text: stands to attention. THE MUSIC is gathering strength.
dialog: R.S.M.
dialog: Sir! ,
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: You heard about this, sergeant Major?
speaker_heading: (indicating LAWRENCE)
dialog: . R.SiM.
dialog: Yes, Sir!
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: What do you think about it?
dialog: R.S.M.
dialog: Bloody marvellous, sir.
speaker_heading: (to LAWRENCE)
dialog: Well done sir.
text: LAWRENCE smiles helplessly, and swallows.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Thank you sergeant Major.
dialog: R.S.M.
dialog: (roars)
dialog: Sir. .
dialog: (and goes)
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (boisterous)
dialog: Come on then!
text: DRYDEN and BRIGHTON take their cue.
text: CLOSE SHOT: MUSIC CUTS ABRUPTLY. LAWRENCE and ALLENBY.
text: LAWRENCE, though he knows he is lost, must register his protest,
text: tnen slowly -- rises from his chair.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: | LN 651
dialog: .
dialog: ]
dialog: Oo
dialog: )
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 632
speaker_heading: D
speaker_heading: © oO 633
dialog: 4)
speaker_heading: 634
dialog: *y
dialog: i)
dialog: 132
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (rather bitterly into ALLENBY's face)
dialog: You're a clever man, sir.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (he has the courage and takes
dialog: the trouble to answer this
dialog: personally, not officially)
dialog: No, but I know a good thing when I see one.
dialog: That's fair, surely?
text: MUSIC RISING AGAIN. THE CAMERA PANS with ALLEN BY, as
text: he leads the way to the door and flings it open.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT: INT“ OUTER OFFICE. THE CAMERA PANS with
text: ALLENBY and LAWRENCE as they cross the OUTER OFFICE. An
text: A.D.C. hurries over from a desk and falls in behind BRIGHTON and
text: DRYDEN. The CAMERA comes to rest on a close up of the beaming
text: R.S.M., his hand quivering at the salute as LAWRENCE and
text: ALLENBY pass by. He lowers his hand and grins after them.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. GALLERY CORRIDOR. The CAMERA ‘is shooting
text: on ALLENBY as he leads the GROUP out on to a gallery corridor
text: on the first floor overlooking the gardens. The CAMERA PANS
text: with them and TRACKS behind, following on their backs. ALLENBY
dialog: is deliberately informal (e.g. he is careful that they shall individually
dialog: stroll, not march in step) We cannot hear what is being said but we
text: can see that it is LAWRENCE who talks -- with some gesticulation
text: --- and ALLENBY who listens. They pass a PAIR OF OFFICERS
text: who salute the G.O.C. The CAMERA CENTRES ON THEM as they pass,
text: PANNING into a shot of their receding figures as they stand looking
text: after the GROUP in amazement.
text: REVERSE CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. ALLENBY and his PARTY
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Look here now. If I'm to break through
dialog: to Jerusalem, I must concentrate - not
text: dissipate.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Clausewitz.
speaker_heading: ALLEN BY
dialog: (raises His eyebrows, smiles)
dialog: D'you know a better?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cy 635
speaker_heading: Cc
speaker_heading: O
dialog: {
dialog: fay
dialog: Oo
dialog: j
dialog: . 636
dialog: eo
dialog: !
dialog: i ‘
speaker_heading: 637
dialog: |
dialog: lo
speaker_heading: D
dialog: © 638
dialog: eof
speaker_heading: Nd
dialog: 133
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. An ELDERLY COLONEL comes out of
text: an office as the CAMERA APPROACHES him. He salutes hastily
text: towards CAMERA as it PANS with him into A CLOSE TRACKING
text: SHOT OF ALLENBY and LAWRENCE as they pass him by.
text: During the following dialogue we see him speak to the A. D.C.
text: in dumb show enquiring the meaning of the outlandish apparition
text: by the GENERAL's side.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: If I'm to occupy them while you're
dialog: breaking through, I must dissipate
dialog: not concentrate. .
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Marshall Saxe.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Do you know a better?
text: They both laugh.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. GALLERY LANDING ON TOP OF STAIRS.
text: The CAMERA is approaching a group of half a dozen soldiers in
text: charge of an N.C.O. who have just reached the top of a flight of
text: stairs leading on to the gallery. The N.C O. calls them noisily
text: to attention as the CAMERA STOPS TRACKING and ALLENBY.
text: and LAWRENCE enter picture. ALLENBY salutes and leads the
text: way between the soldiers to the stairs, the men staring after him.
text: CLOSE SHOT TOP FLIGHT OF STAIRS ALLENBY and
text: LAWRENCE briskly descending the stairs.
speaker_heading: . ALLENBY
dialog: Well, if I fight.like Clausewitz and you
dialog: fight like Saxe ---
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We should do very well, shouldn't we?
text: They laugh again as they move on out of bottom of picture and
text: DRYDEN and BRIGHTON step in behind. DRYDEN raises his eye-
text: brows, amused not so much by the pleasantry as by the Old Man's
text: whole-hearted adoption of his avuncular role.
text: MED. SHOT. The MUSIC RISES to full pitch as ALLENBY and
text: LAWRENCE ‘walk on down the stairs. A PAIR OF JUNIOR OFFICERS
text: flatten against the wall in awe and amazement as they approach.
dialog: ©
dialog: A
speaker_heading: 639
dialog: 640
speaker_heading: 641
speaker_heading: 642
speaker_heading: 643
speaker_heading: 644
speaker_heading: 645
speaker_heading: 646
dialog: 134
text: CLOSE SHOT ALLENBY and LAWRENCE as they pass the TWO
text: OFFICERS. LAWRENCE's eves slide over towards them to register
text: the effect. of his passing in such company, and ALLENBY's eyes
text: slide over to register him doing so. ANOTHER OFFICER flattens
text: against the wall as LAWRENCE looks upwards.
text: CLOSE SHOT GROUP OF MEN at the top of the stairs looking down-
text: wards as others join them from behind.
text: LONG SHOT From above we see ALLENBY and LAWRENCE descending
text: the LAST FLIGHT OF STAIRS. SMALL GROUPS of MEN in the hall-
text: way and the OFFICERS on the stairs stand like statues as the GROUP
text: passes on out of the picture. }
scene_heading: ‘INT GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY AND STAIRS/GALLERY CORRIDOR
text: MED. SHOT. ALLENBY and LAWRENCE swing on to the ground floor
text: gallery and make for the entrance hall. MEN in GROUPS, MEN
text: walking and MEN coming up the steps slam to attention as the
text: G.O.C. approaches. j
scene_heading: ENTRANCE HALL.
text: The CAMERA PANS with the GROUP as ALLENBY leads the way into
text: the hall. The PROVOST SERGEANT leaps up from behind his desk
text: and bellows the CORPORALS to attention.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The PROVOST SERGEANT and the CORPORALS as the
text: GROUP passes in front of them, their faces a study.
scene_heading: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. ALLENBY and LAWRENCE. LAWRENCE's
text: expression is of course excited, but not over-~excited, rather it is i
text: deeply happy, as of a young man who relaxes properly in the merited 1
dialog: approval of a respected father.
speaker_heading: THE OFFICERS' BAR
text: LONG SHOT. ALLENBY and his GROUP enter the Officer's Bar.
text: The OFFICERS, taken aback by ALLENBY's presence, leap to their
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Easy gentlemen! Please!
text: He takesoffhis Sam Browne as they hesitatingly sit. (Or some of them
dialog: do)
text: ALLEN BY to CAPTAIN, pleasantly:
speaker_heading: SOY
dialog: v
dialog: }
dialog: 1
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: eS
speaker_heading: 647
dialog: re
dialog: t
dialog: '
dialog: i¢ D
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: 648
speaker_heading: 649
dialog: 
dialog: 135
dialog: 646 Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Will you give us something to drink?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Of course, sir!
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (to A.D.C.)
dialog: Tracy.
text: TRACY moves to the bar and orders drinks ina murmur. ALLENBY )
text: smiles round convivially, seemingly unaware of the thunderstruck
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: I'm here on the invitation of Major
dialog: Lawrence.
text: He nods a little as though to say that the invitation of such a well ’
dialog: known and popular character will of course make everything acceptable.
text: There is a beautifully calculated emphasis on "Major" and the effect
text: of the speech is to deepen the thunderstruck silence.
text: CLOSE SHOT Satisfied, ALLENBY turns to LAWRENCE, apparently
text: having just noticed the view through the windows enclosing the sunlit
dialog: patio.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Shall we go outside?
text: The CAMERA PANS as ALLENBY leads his party out through the t
text: French windows towards an informal group of chairs by the side of
text: a small fountain and pool with goldfish.
text: The OFFICERS crowd after them lining the windows to look out.
text: The A.D.C. appears behind them with a tray and a passage is
dialog: made for him.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The CAMERA is shooting from the patio through
text: the window on to the OFFICERS’ faces. They are joined by the
text: CLUB SECRETARY, who has missed the foregoing proceedings
text: andis at aloss to. understand the commotion until he edges into
text: CLOSE UP and sees, to his astonishment:
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY and HIS GROUP seated by the fish pond.
text: Throughout what follows LAWRENCE is absorbed. ALLEN BY
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: mm
dialog: o—™~
speaker_heading: 649
dialog: 650
dialog: 651
dialog: 652
dialog: 136
dialog: Continued
text: appears to be, BRIGHTON looks uneasy, DRYDEN smiles a little,
text: the A.D.C. is out of his depth, and looks carefully non-committal.
text: In the background the OFFICERS at the windows surrounding the patio
text: begin to break up but throughout the following scene they come and go,
text: and every face we see looks out.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (with no trace of comment in his tone)
dialog: So you'll hold down the Turkish Desert Army.
speaker_heading: : LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: (nowinfuses a shade of mockery)
dialog: With a thousand Arabs?
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE. He commences with enthusiasm and ends
text: fanatically, leaning forward almost as if it were ALLENBY he were
dialog: threatening. ~
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: A thousand Arabs means a thousand knives;
dialog: delivered anywhere, day or night. It means
dialog: a thousand camels; that means a thousand
text: packs.of high explosive and a thousand crack
dialog: rifles. We can cross Arabia while Johnny
dialog: Turk' s still turning round. I'll smash his
dialog: - railways and while he's mending them I'll
dialog: smash them somewhere else.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE (off)
dialog: In thirteen weeks I can have Arabia in chaos!
text: ALLENBY replies with deliberate mildness, as one clearing up 2
dialog: small point of information.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: You are going back then?
text: MED SHOT: .LAWRENCE is given a moment's blank pause. Then
text: he laughs, and runs over ALLENBY with equivocal self-mocking
dialog: charm.
dialog: 652 Continued
dialog: There is no
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes. Of course I'm going back.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Hm. If we can see it, so can the Turks.
dialog: If he finds he's using four Divisions to
dialog: fend off a handful of bandits, he'll withdraw.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: He daren't withdraw. Arabia's part of his
dialog: Empire. If he gets out now he knows he'll
dialog: never get back again:
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: I wonder who will...
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No-one will. Arabia's for the Arabs now.
text: response. ALLENBY and DRYDEN drink. ILAWRENCE
text: looks from one to the other.
text: He throws a small piece of potato-crisp ‘into the fountain.
dialog: swim for it.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: That's what I told them anyway. That's what
dialog: they think, and that's why they're fighting.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (deadpan in the silence)
dialog: Oh surely.
text: LAWRENCE looks down into his drink.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: They've only one suspicion; that we'll let
text: them move the Turks out and then move in
dialog: ourselves. I've told them that that's false,
dialog: that we have no ambitions in Arabia.
text: (suddenly he looks up-at ALLENBY
dialog: -with great penetration)
dialog: Have we?
speaker_heading: . ALLENBY
dialog: (caught a little off-guard)
dialog: I'm not a politician, thank God. Have we
dialog: ambitions in Arabia Dryden?
dialog: The fish
dialog: 
dialog: 138
dialog: ; C) 652 Continued
speaker_heading: . DRYDEN
dialog: i . (flickers a little)
dialog: ) Difficult question, sir.
text: : ALLENBY smiles very charmingly at LAWRENCE and spreads his |
text: © hands, inviting him to sympathise with the simple soldier in the
text: hands of the diplomats. But LAWRENCE won't have it.
speaker_heading: Oo LAWRENCE
text: (very steadily, to ALLENBY) }
dialog: I want to know sir, if I can tell them in your
dialog: | name, we have no ambitions in Arabia.
dialog: |
scene_heading: | 653 CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE
text: lo : 654 CLOSE UP. Comered, ALLENBY hesitates only fractionally before
text: he does his duty. He plonks down his glass.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Certainly.
dialog: 
text: Oo a, 655 MED PANNING SHOT. The OFFICERS gathered along the windows
text: of the club, .staring.
speaker_heading: M
text: , 656 CLOSE SHOT. The SECRETARY, glancing to his right and left, ,
text: ; realises the indecorum of it. He leaves the window; but is drawn. }
text: © back. His expression is not now one of ‘rather comic amazement.
dialog: t Nor is his frown the product of disapproval, but of simple mental / |
text: effort. If it's all right by ALLENBY, it's all right by him. He is
dialog: | trying to understand. |
scene_heading: INT. OFFICERS' BAR. PATIO.
text: i 657 CLOSE SHOT ALLENBY and LAWRENCE lean forward as they
text: : bargain. BRIGHTON and A.D.C. watch fascinated. DRYDEN
text: studies his fingers.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: C LAWRENCE
dialog: 
dialog: ; Two thousand small arms not enough. 1
dialog: : Ineed five.
speaker_heading: : ALLENBY
dialog: iC Right.
speaker_heading: t) LAWRENCE
dialog: Money. It'll have to be sovereigns. They
dialog: don't like paper.
dialog: 
dialog: ioe
dialog: 9
dialog: 139
dialog: 657 Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (a little more cautiously)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: Instructors for the Lewis guns.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: More money.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: How much more?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Twenty-five thousand now. Alot more
dialog: later. , :
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Dryden?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: It can be done, sir.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: A couple of armoured cars?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (after a hesitation)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: - and Field Artillery.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Right!
text: ALLENBY springs to his feet as he says it so that the word is ambiguous
text: in intention. DRYDEN, BRIGHTON and the A.D.C. rise with him.
text: LAWRENCE too, but more slowly ALLENBY, buckling slowly on his Sam
text: Browne, moves away from LAWRENCE towards the bar and deliberately
text: raising his voice to be heard through the open French windows, says:
speaker_heading: C) 657
speaker_heading: 658
speaker_heading: 659
speaker_heading: 6 880
dialog: } 661
dialog: ,
dialog: '
dialog: , ‘ 662
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: C
dialog: : 663
dialog: : 664
dialog: i
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: iO
dialog: 140
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: I'm going to give you every blessed thing I
dialog: can Major Lawrence, because I know you'll
dialog: use it. Congratulations and thank you!
text: He walks briskly through the French windows calling to the OFFICERS
dialog: as he does so:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Thank youfor your hospitality gentlemen!
text: He goes, followed by BRIGHTON, DRYDEN and the A. D.C..
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE stands by the fountain looking after
text: them, .Smiling, “His eye is caught hy:
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT The YOUNG OFFICERS are now openly crowding
text: round the windows of the bar looking at him. The MUSIC begins to
dialog: well up again. ,
text: CLOSE UP: .LAWRENCE. His smile fades to an apprehensive
text: stillness.
text: CLOSE UP. A GROUP OF FACES péering at LAWRENCE through
dialog: the glass.
text: REVERSE SHOT. Through a foreground of heads we see LAWRENCE
text: in LONG SHOT through the glass. He stands regarding his onlookers
text: with the same mocking, hopeless and stoical expression which we saw
text: at the beginning of the film. He fingers his Arab garments, then,
text: with a quick flip, he tivirls the end of his abaya around his right hand
text: --- as he did in the robing scene --- and walks towards the French
text: windows.. The CAMERA PANS and TRACKS across the heads and
text: backs of the OF FICERS as they change position to watch him coming;
text: we cannot yet gauge their attitude, for they stand back leaving a distance
text: between themselves and LAWRENCE as he comes through the windows
text: and enters the bar.
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE as he comes to a standstill. He raises
text: his hand to adjust his argyl.
text: REVERSE SHOT. LAWRENCE's head in the foreground with the
text: OFFICERS in the background. (to be grouped and arranged to
dialog: recall as closely as possible the shot in which ALI presented the
text: robes surrounded by the smiling RAIDING PARTY). One or two of
text: the OFFICERS essay a smile. They begin to come forward underneath
text: the MUSIC. One or two rather sheepishly and tentatively raise their
dialog: 
dialog: ( oy 664
speaker_heading: ‘0
speaker_heading: 665
speaker_heading: OO
dialog: 141
dialog: Continued
text: glasses to him. THE CAMERA STARTS TO CRANE UP AND BACK.
text: Then, suddenly they come forward quickly, smiling and congratulatory.
text: As the CAMERA LIFTS AWAY, we see LAWRENCE begin patted on
text: the back, congratulated, his hand shaken, a drink offered --- and
text: refused. He shrinks away from them as best he can, fending them off
text: with a smile which is so superficial, so withdrawn, so almost spinster-
text: ish as to be a repellent, not a real smile at all. They continue to surge
text: about him and the music continues very loudly, until suddenly:
scene_heading: MUSIC STOPS.
scene_heading: GALLERY CORRIDOR:
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT: ALLENBY, DRYDEN and BRIGHTON.
text: They are walking back along one of the silent corridors. This time
text: they walk briskly and in step. Their steps echo and they do not
dialog: look at one another.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Are you really going to give them artillery
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Iwas wondering that, sir. Might be
dialog: deuced difficult to get it back again.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Give them artillery and you've made them
dialog: independent.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Then I can't give them artillery can 1?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (deprecatingly)
dialog: For you to say, sir.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: No it's not. I've got orders to obey,
dialog: thank God... Not like that poor devil!
dialog: (jerking his head backwards)
dialog: He''s riding the whirlwind.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: . (dryly)
dialog: Let's hope we're not.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 666
dialog: 142
text: MED. SHOT Shooting on their backs as they enter picture and walk
text: off into EXTREME LONG SHOT down the corridor.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: END OF PART ONE
speaker_heading: INTERMISSION
dialog: 7
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PART U
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BENTLEY
text: He is sitting in the stern of a long boat, leaving in the distance a
text: small and rusty coastal steamer with one or two dilapidated lighters
text: about it. At his feet are a pair of leather travelling bags. Jerking
text: awkwardly to the motion of the beat (it is a rowing boat; we hear the
text: oars) festooned with camera cases, dressed in a light suit and trilby
text: hat, he is an incongruous, even absurdfigure. Buthe makesno .
text: attempt to be less so. He has been in unlikelier situations before and
text: will again. Clutching the gunwhale with one hand he examines the
text: approaching shore steadily. His tough, alert and cynically humorous
text: face is alive with curiosity. This shot lasts no longer than is needed
dialog: to take it in, whereupon:
text: MEDIUM SHOT THE BOAT GROUNDS
text: The Arab ROWERS skip from it and haul it up the beach a little.
text: BENTLEY superintends the landing of his scanty baggage. His
dialog: attitude to the Arab is that of neither the sahib nor the humanitarian,
text: but simply of a rather graceless man who wants his bags. The two
text: cases are shouldered by TWO ARABS and he sets off after them up
dialog: the beach.
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT from behind BENTLEY and BEARERS, in
speaker_heading: FOREGROUND
text: We see the seaward fringe of the village-town of Akaba among its
text: scruffy palm trees. The same dilapidated buildings as before and
text: among them a few indolent MEN and donkeys and unoccupied
text: CHILDREN. But coming down the beach in the contrary direction
text: is a file of ragged STEVEDORES, bearing handsomely woven camel
text: bags, inlaid boxes, and rolled carpets. BENTLEY'S BEARERS
text: pause. At the end of the file comes SELIM (the RECITER). Without
text: ceremony, Bentley's bags are dumped and his MEN rush to help
text: quarrelsomely in the stowing of the camel bags, etc. in the boat.
text: BENTLEY is unruffled by the insult to himself, but sharply curious.
text: He accosts SELIM, raising his hat.
speaker_heading: : BENTLEY
dialog: 'Scuse me, friend. Who do these bags
dialog: belong to?
text: SELIM looks at him gravely. Then:
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: To Prince Feisal.
dialog: 
dialog: om
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 3
dialog: 8
dialog: Continued
text: BENTLEY grunts. A thought strikes him. A knowing smile.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: You're not Prince Feisal by any chance?
text: SELIM is not shocked but is interested by such ample ignorance.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: You know him though?
dialog: (indicating the baggage)
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: He is my master. Iam his servant.
text: BENTLEY nods comprehendingly and lugs a business card from a
text: pocket. In the act of offering it he pauses and with dreadful tact:
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Can you read?
text: SELIM flickers him a look of mild surprise. Then, having read the
text: card, he beckons silently and starts away up the beach, BENTLEY
dialog: following. |
speaker_heading: CUT
scene_heading: INT. FEISAL'S QUARTERS IN AKABA
text: Almost stripped of furnishings. In the foreground, FEISAL is
text: examining BENTLEY's card. In background, BODYGUARDS
text: carry out some more camel bags. A SERVANT places a metal |
text: coffee set conveniently to hand by a window embrasure with a seat i
text: in it. FEISAL hands back the card. BENTLEY says, wagging the
text: card before putting it away.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: The "Chicago Courier" is my own
dialog: particular paper, but my work is syndicated
dialog: throughout America.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: I understood so from your letter. Iam
dialog: glad we effected our meeting, Mr. Bentley.
dialog: 
dialog: 5
dialog: co)
dialog: Continued
text: He gestures and they both sit in the embrasure. The window over-
text: looks the courtyard. FEISAL smiles: :
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Now ...?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Where can I find Major Lawrence?
speaker_heading: FEISAL ,
dialog: (the smile going)
dialog: Is that what you have come for?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (covering up)
dialog: Not altogether sir, no...
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Well you will find Major Lawrence with
dialog: my army Mr. Bentley.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: That's. what I meant sir. Where will I
dialog: find your army?
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: I don't know.
text: BENTLEY stares.
dialog: Last week they were near El Ghira.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (incredulous horror)
dialog: Ghirat
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Oh yes. I fear you have a long journey.
dialog: Can you ride a camel? :
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: I've never tried.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Take a mule. If I were you I should try
text: Buldulla. Avoid Malaal - the Turks are there.
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: .
dialog: eo
dialog: 4
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: I-4
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: In Malaal now? They move fast.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: They do. But not so fast as we do you
dialog: will find.
text: (he hesitates, then says:)
dialog: Myself, Iam going to Cairo, as you know.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
text: (looks up from his pad;
dialog: he has caught the change
dialog: of tone instantly)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: There is work for me there of a different
dialog: kind.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Yes.
text: FEISAL feels it is now BENTLEY's turn, and keeps silent.
text: BENTLEY amplifies his last word.
dialog: I understand that you've. been given no
text: artillery.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: That is so.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: You're handicapped.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (deprecatingly)
dialog: It... restricts us to small things.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: It's intended to.
text: There can be no mistaking this. FEISAL addresses him very
dialog: directly:
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Do you know General Allenby?
dialog: 4 Continued
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: ° BENTLEY
text: Watch out for Allenby. A slim customer.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (inclines politely)
dialog: fo) Excuse me?
speaker_heading: c / BENTLEY
text: A clever man.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (the scholar for
dialog: a moment)
dialog: "Slim customer"; very good.
speaker_heading: (to BENTLEY)
dialog: I shall certainly "watch out for" him.
dialog: Cc (he considers, then says:)
dialog: You are being very ... sympathetic,
dialog: Mr. Bentley.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: a (with that curious sincere
dialog: ° Oo insincerity of the news-
dialog: . hawk on the job)
dialog: | Your Highness, we Americans were once
dialog: | a Colonial people. We naturally sympathize
dialog: with any people anywhere who are struggling
dialog: for their freedom.
text: FEISAL doesn't even pretend to consider this as a serious motive.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: : FEISAL
text: LO) . Very gratifying.
speaker_heading: | BENTLEY
dialog: (laughs, a genuine im-
dialog: pulsive laugh of sheer
dialog: © amusement and
dialog: appreciation)
dialog: Also, my interests are the same as yours,
dialog: sir. You want your story told. I badly
dialog: want a story to tell.
speaker_heading: Cc FEISAL
dialog: (is amused and approving
dialog: in his turn)
dialog: Ah. Now you are "talking turkey" are you not?
speaker_heading: VS
dialog: Oo
dialog: 
dialog: Continued
text: And now they are both amused, and surprised to find how well they
text: are getting on together, each in his own way being a shrewd man and
text: liking shrewdness in others.
text: and walks about a little, cheerful.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Well, Mr. Bentley, I will give youa
dialog: guide. Anda letter. And before I
dialog: leave here ...
text: (he breaks off and
dialog: consults a fine gold
text: watch, pursing his lips)
dialog: .«++ Ah which must be presently ... I
dialog: will have some facts and figures put on
dialog: paper for you. You will find that we have
dialog: done many things, small but many. You
dialog: know of course that we are destroying the
dialog: Turkish railways ...
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (head bent, scribbling)
dialog: Yes, sir. Major Lawrence is in charge of
dialog: all this is he?
speaker_heading: FEISAL
text: (pauses and looks at the
text: bent head with some
dialog: coldness)
dialog: My army is made up of Tribes. The Tribes
text: are led by the Tribal leaders.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (looks up; insistently)
dialog: Your people do think very highly of Major
dialog: Lawrence though?
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (sharply)
text: (he goes to the window
dialog: and looks out)
dialog: And rightly. In this country, Mr. Bentley,
dialog: Yes.
text: the man who gives victory in battle is prized ..
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: beyond every other man...
text: (he is silent for a moment
text: and then murmurs,
dialog: mindless of the repetition)
text: FEISAL rises swiftly from his chair
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: Continued
text: BENTLEY is scribbling this down but does a horrified double take.
speaker_heading: FEISAL (Cont)
dialog: Myself Iam going to Cairo...
dialog: (abstractedly he returns
text: and sits, facing BENTLEY.
text: His eye lights upon the pad
dialog: and this draws his attention
dialog: back from his own thoughts)
dialog: One figure I can give you from my head;
dialog: because it never leaves my head. Since
dialog: starting this campaign four months ago we
dialog: have lost thirty-seven wounded, one hundred
text: and fifty-six dead.
dialog: You remark the disproportion between
dialog: our dead and wounded.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (wondering, even awed)
dialog: Yes; four times as many.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: That is because those too badly wounded to
dialog: bring away, we ourselveskill. We leave
dialog: no wounded for the Turks.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You mean ...?
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: I mean we leave no wounded for the Turks.
dialog: (more moderately)
dialog: In their eyes we are not soldiers but rebels.
dialog: And rebels, wounded or whole are not
dialog: protected by the Geneva Code, and are treated
dialog: ++. harshly.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: How harshly?
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: More harshly than i ‘hope you can imagine.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: I see.
dialog: 4
dialog: Continued
dialog: -8
speaker_heading: , FEISAL
dialog: Our own prisoners, Mr. Bentley, are
dialog: taken care of, until the British can relieve \
dialog: us of them, according tothe Code. I
dialog: should like you to notice that.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (scribbling)
dialog: Ido, sir.
dialog: (off-hand again)
dialog: Is that the influence of Major Lawrence?
text: This time FEISAL's eyes snap with a direct anger and jealousy.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Why should you suppose so?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (a bit thrown at thus
dialog: receiving for the first
dialog: time the full impact of
dialog: Royal personality)
dialog: Welll... it's just ... I heard in Cairo,
text: that the Major has a... horror of bloodshed.
speaker_heading: FEISAL -
dialog: That is exactly so. With Major Lawrence,
dialog: mercy is a passion. With me it is merely
dialog: good manners. You may judge which
dialog: motive is the more reliable.
text: (he half pulls out the
dialog: watch again)
dialog: And now perhaps ...
speaker_heading: BENTLEY ,
dialog: (rising immediately) i
dialog: Sure. Thank you, sir.
dialog: (he moves away
dialog: towards the door)
dialog: D'you think you'll be able to manage the
dialog: letter and...
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (quiet reproof)
dialog: I will do everything that I have said,
dialog: Mr. Bentley.
text: BENTLEY, a bit rebuffed, nods smiling and goes to the doorway
text: where he is arrested by:
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: ¢
dialog: Q
speaker_heading: Dp
dialog: eo
dialog: ©
dialog: 
speaker_heading: G
dialog: II-9
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: FEISAL
text: BENTLEY turns.
dialog: You will tell me truly the nature of
dialog: your interest in my people, and in
dialog: Major Lawrence.
text: FEISAL is serious, but BENTLEY grins disarmingly, like a boy
text: caught out.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: It's very simple, sir. I'm looking for a
dialog: hero.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (is amused)
dialog: Indeed? You do not seem a romantic man?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Oh no.
dialog: (again the "sincerity'"’)
dialog: But certain influential men back home
dialog: believe the time has come for America to
dialog: add her weight to the ... the patriotic |
dialog: struggle against Germany ... and Turkey.
dialog: Now, I have been sent to find material which
dialog: will show our people that this war is ...
dialog: (he hesitates)
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Enjoyable?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Hardly that, sir. But to show it in its ,
dialog: more adventurous aspects. After all your .
dialog: Highness, war does wear such an aspect.
dialog: Nobody deplores it more than...
text: FEISAL is looking out of the window again. He interrupts flatly.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: You are looking for a figure who will draw
dialog: your country towards war?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: o ef 1
dialog: ii
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: I-10
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (simply; hence with
dialog: some dignity)
dialog: All right, yes.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Aurens is your man.
speaker_heading: CUT
text: 1ST CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE and FARRAJ waiting by the plunger.
text: Train whistle over. (Carry through to pressing plunger and
text: reacting to explosion).
text: 2ND (SHOT) LONG SHOT: THE TRAIN chugging along the line.
text: \ST CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE'S HANDS pressing the plunger.
text: 2ND EXPLOSION goes up in front of train.
text: 2ND CLOSE SHOT. THESKY ... THE DEBRIS from the explosion
text: flying upwards.
text: 2ND MEDIUM SHOT: THE TRAIN leaving the rails and plunging over
text: the embankment.
text: IST CLOSE SHOT: AUDA reacting.
text: 2ND CLOSE SHOT: THE ENGINE slithers towards camera and
text: obscures it with dust.
text: 1ST CLOSE UP. ACAMERA. THE SHUTTER CLICKS, the camera
text: is lowered disclosing BENTLEY.
text: 2ND LONG SHOT: from top of dune the front three carriages derail.
text: 2ND MEDIUM SHOT: A LINE OF ARAB FACES appearing over the
text: top of dune.
text: 2ND MEDIUM SHOT: ONE OF THE CARRIAGES looms up above the
text: engine as steam starts to fill the screen.
text: 1ST CLOSE SHOT: BRIGHTON and ALI. They are on the turret
text: of an ARMOURED CAR in foreground of picture. In the background
text: is the second ARMOURED CAR and a group of CAMELS and HORSES.
text: There is a whistling noise and debris starts to fall.
dialog: 8
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: at
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: I-11
text: 1ST EXTREME LONG SHOT: Disclosing the geography of the whole
text: scene. ARABS lining the dune inforeground. The TRAIN in its
text: last movements in the background DEBRIS falling on the dune. A
text: LEWIS GUNNER opens fire.
text: 2ND CLOSE SHOT: A line of ARAB LEWIS GUNNERS open fire.
text: 2ND CLOSE SHOT: A TURKISH MACHINE GUNNEST at the rear of
text: the train replying.
scene_heading: 2ND CLOSE SHOT. ANOTHER LINE of ARAB. LEWIS GUNNERS
text: firing continuously.
text: 2ND MEDIUM SHOT: THE’ TRAIN shuddering undér the impact of
dialog: the bullets.
text: IST CLOSE UP: BENTLEY, he takes another picture.
text: 2ND CLOSE UP. AN ARAB LEWIS GUNNER firing and panning.
text: 2ND CLOSE SHOT. A LINE OF BULLETS splash clouds of yellow
text: chips from the planking on the side of a carriage. A TURKISH
text: OFFICER fires a pistol from one of the windows.
text: 1ST CLOSE SHOT: AUDA he pushes an Arab Lewis gunner out of
text: the way, takes over the gun himself and fires.
text: 2ND CLOSE SHOT: A BODY falls through picture across a carriage
text: window reflecting sky. The WINDOW shatters the reflection gone '
text: we now catch a glimpse of a bloody head slumping back inside the
dialog: carriage.
scene_heading: IST CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE and BENTLEY. LAWRENCE
text: watched closely by BENTLEY, reacts dead pan to the killing.
text: LAWRENCE glances towards the Lewis gunners.
scene_heading: IST CLOSE SHOT: A LINE OF ARAB LEWIS GUNNERS (roughly
text: from LAWRENCES P.O.V.) their faces tranced with slaughter.
scene_heading: IST CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE AND BENTLEY (SAME AS 13)
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (yelling above din)
text: "STOP".
text: The racket continues, he rises up out of picture.
text: IST LONG SHOT: LAWRENCE frightfully exposed, steps up over
text: the rim of the dune. He fires a VEREY PISTOL along the ridge.
dialog: ™~
dialog: gms
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: Tl-12
text: 1ST CLOSE SHOT: THE BEDOUIN LEWIS GUNNERS exactly as
dialog: before.
text: 2ND CLOSE SHOT: THE REAR MACHINE GUN NEST on the train.
text: The DEAD bodies of the TURKISH GUNNERS sprawled over the ,
text: sandbags which are being spattered by bullets. '
text: 1ST CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE. He crams another cartridge into
text: his VEREY PISTOL and fires again.
text: 1ST CLOSE SHOT: BENTLEY watching him as the firing continues.
text: 1ST LONG SHOT: LAWRENCE dashes down the dune in front of the
text: Lewis gunners, between the train and his own men, just one or two
text: of whom are sufficiently arrested by the sight to cease fire. HE
text: FIRES ANOTHER VEREY LIGHT at a low angle almost into their
text: faces.
text: IST CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE. HE shouts his words lost in the
text: still continuing racket.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Stop it ... Stop it.
text: IST CLOSE SHOT: A GROUP OF LEWIS GUNNERS around AUDA.
text: Raggedly they cease fire, some rising to their feet.
text: CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE. The racket dies away.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (with a violent gesture)
dialog: Come on then.
text: He starts to move towards the train.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT: THE BEDOUIN rise (AUDA ALREADY UP) AND rush
text: down the slope overtaking LAWRENCE towards the train.
text: CLOSE PANNING SHOT: LAWRENCE. THE BEDOUIN rushing past
text: him on either side. He walks after them as BENTLEY runs into
text: picture following him with interest.
text: LONG SHOT: WITH ENGINE IN FOREGROUND. An avalanche of
text: BEDOUIN reach the train and swarm over it anyhow.
scene_heading: MEDIUM TRACKING SHOT: LAWRENCE and BENTLEY.
text: LAWRENCE seemingly unaware of BENTLEYS presence, walks
text: through the wreckage around the engine. DEAD and DYING can
text: be seen in the background as the CAMERA TRACKS into a position
speaker_heading: oN
dialog: wo
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: 43
dialog: I-13
dialog: Continued 1
text: disclosing the other side of the train. (Possibly introduce the
scene_heading: TURKISH OFFICER and DEAD SOLDIERS).
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT: LAWRENCE reacting to the destruction.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT. INSIDE THE PULLMAN. A GROUP OF BEDOUIN
text: IN THE DINING CAR. One is collecting an armful of FINE LINEN
text: TABLE CLOTHS. Another CUTLERY and silver plated FLOWER
text: HOLDERS. ‘The STEWARD lies unconscious, his boots are removed.
text: TWO TURKISH OFFICERS lie huddled together as they died. A
text: SWORD and CAVALRY COAT are removed from each of them.
text: (Simultaneous looting to be worked out on the set).
text: MEDIUM SHOT: THE KITCHEN of the dining car; a CHEF doubled
text: ‘over unconscious. The ‘BEDOUIN collect a treasure trove of
text: shining copper pans, tureens, spirit kettles, flambeaux, hot plates,
text: ladles and a splendid tea urn.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TRACKING (Camera tracking from rear of train
text: towards the engine). CAMERA TRACKS with AUDA as he makes a
text: ‘tour of inspection along the train. ARABS gone quite mad, are
text: rushing about at top speed. Some are shinning up into the compart-
text: ments through the windows, some beating in the already smashed doors,
text: some already in are throwing trunks, valises, suitcases, from the
text: windows. Passengers, some incongruously dressed in city clothes
text: tumble out onto the track and run aimlessly away. AUDA draws
text: level with the Pullman and almost immediately becomes entangled in '
text: a shower of white tablecloths thrown down from above, he looks
dialog: towards:
text: LAWRENCE (P.O.V. AUDA) He has scrambled up on to the top of
text: the wreckage and now stands there, hands on hips smiling down..
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: AUDA.
speaker_heading: AURA
dialog: Aurens.
text: The cry is taken up but not yet like a full adulation or chanting.
text: CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE against the blue sky; reacting to the
dialog: ovation.
text: MEDIUM SHOT: (the yelling more distant continues on the sound
text: track) The Turkish Officer by the train on all fours the screen dark.
text: He looks with shaking venom at:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I-14
text: MEDIUM SHOT: THE TURKISH OFFICER in the foreground of the
text: picture. LAWRENCE on top of the train in the background. :
text: LAWRENCE is white and gold against the blue sky, the incarnation of ,
text: youth and success. The ruined OFFICER shakily raises his pistol.
text: CLOSE SHOT: THE SCREEN DARK. THE OFFICER takes aim and
dialog: fires.
text: CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHT. LAWRENCE is pitched from his feet and
text: rolls off the carriage away from the Bedouin.
text: CLOSE SHOT: AUDA reacting to Lawrences fall and hurrying out of
text: picture towards the engine.
text: CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE in the last stages of his fall from the
text: carriage roof. He comes to a standstill at the foot of embankment.
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Good. Good. Good.
text: He gulps for breath and wrenches himself upright.
text: Half laughing, as one who takes a rough joke in good part, he
text: clambers up the embankment to the side of the carriage from which
text: he fell. There is the sound of a SHOT.
text: CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE. A BULLET SPLINTERS the side of the
text: carriage next to him. He stops, staring gravely towards }
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT: (LAWRENCES P.O.V.) DARK. The TURKISH
text: OFFICER (the distance about 40 yards) shakily raises his pistol
text: again, his expression one of desperate longing, his breath coming
text: in sobs.
text: CLOSE SHOT: LAWRENCE. He stands motionless regarding the
text: TURKISH OFFICER. There is the sound of a third shot as it
text: ricochets past him.
text: CLOSE UP: THE TURKISH OFFICER staring at LAWRENCE. He
text: prepares himself for another shot and fires again.
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE. A SOUND of splintering glass.
dialog: LAWRENCE will not move.
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT: LAWRENCE in foreground .of picture.
text: AUDA comes round the locomotive in the background. He
text: approaches the TURKISH OFFICER unseen. The TURKISH
text: OFFICER fires again.
dialog: ()
dialog: >
dialog: ,
dialog: © 44.
dialog: 1 oe
speaker_heading: ‘ 45
speaker_heading: ‘oO
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: SO
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T-15
text: BIG CLOSE UP: LAWRENCE. It is not part of the bargain he has |
dialog: made with himself to warn his poor enemy in danger. ,
text: BIG CLOSE UP: THE TURKISH OFFICER now weeping, holds up the
text: pistol, gripping his wrist with the other hand. A shadow falls upon '
text: him, he turns slowly. '
scene_heading: QUICK EXTREME CLOSE SHOT - ANGLING UP POV TURKISH
text: OFFICER. AUDA swings his sword down into the CAMERA: '
text: CLOSE SHOT - BENTLEY peeps round the side of the carriage ;
text: where LAWRENCE is, staring, off.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Jimminy?
text: (he looks at LAWRENCE.
dialog: With tough, even pleased
dialog: interest) ;
dialog: Never seen a man killed with a sword
dialog: before! '
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: Why don't you take a picture?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (undisturbed)
dialog: Wish I had. ; ,
text: The BEDOUIN looters have meanwhile moved past them both towards
text: the returning AUDA, who now appears thrusting between them, wiping
text: his sword on the skirt of his robe, the BEDOUIN murmuring and
text: laughing. AUDA grins with pleasure as he sees LAWRENCE on his
dialog: feet, and:
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: How is it with thee Aurens?
text: But before LAWRENCE can answer AUDA points furiously (off) and
dialog: roars:
dialog: Not
text: BENTLEY looks up from his camera startled, and AUDA steps up
text: to-him and with one huge hand snatches it from his grasp.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quietly) ;
dialog: Auda... :
dialog: 45
dialog: )
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TI-16
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: AUDA
speaker_heading: (to BENTLEY)
dialog: Am I in this?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Eh?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (translating)
dialog: Did you take his picture?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: Yes...
text: AUDA shatters the camera against the carriage buffer, and then
text: dismissing BENTLEY from his mind as though he were a small by-
text: standing boy whose manners he has corrected, he says to LAWRENCE,
text: lowering a hand on his shoulder, with a blend ‘of affection, admiration
dialog: and reproof:
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: You are using up your nine lives very
dialog: quickly.
text: And goes, amidst approval and laughter. The noise of looting rising
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (regarding the wreckage
dialog: of his instrument)
dialog: Charming company you keep.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Auda?’ He's a bit old-fashioned.
text: (he taps BENTLEY's
dialog: other camera)
dialog: He thinks these things will steal his virtue.
text: (he is mounting the wreck-
text: age again, helped by
dialog: BENTLEY, who is not
text: a bit put out as
dialog: LAWRENCE adds,
dialog: looking down)
dialog: He thinks you're a sort of thief.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: All right if I take your picture?
dialog: ba 45
dialog: 46
dialog: I-17
dialog: Continued |
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE ’
dialog: (hesitates, looking
dialog: down, shrugs)
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (technical)
dialog: O.K. Just walk.
text: LAWRENCE commences to walk swiftly along the length of the wreck
text: and the CAMERA TRACKS his swiftly pacing sandalled feet, which is
text: all we see of him, as he does so.
text: MEDIUM TRACKING SHOT - along the length of the train. We see
text: the BEDOUIN at work. But as LAWRENCE (i.e. his feet) approaches
text: them they break off, look up and herald him so that as he moves
text: swiftly along the wreck (lightly leaping the gaps between the coupled
text: carriages) a mounting roar of acclamation rolls along with him. We
text: thus glimpse: well dressed PASSENGERS, including a pair ot
text: CHILDREN with their PARENTS quickly disrobing themselves of
text: coats and shoes. A trio of CAVALRY OFFICERS must part with
text: their breeches, one already in his shirt-tails; let these three
text: preserve their dignity, the one in shirt-tails indeed calmly smoking
text: acheroot; let there be a minimum of comic surprise and outraged
dialog: importance - other countries other customs. The BEDOUIN stand
text: by and eagerly collect the loot. TWO TURKISH STAFF OFFICERS
text: sit behind riddled windows as they died, upright. A BEDOUIN with '
text: a bundle of clothing under one arm reaches up and removes their
text: cavalry coats from the rack over their heads. TRACKING PAST
text: the Third Class compartment we see clearly though fleetingly, the
text: dead or wounded. All the PASSENGERS, without exception, living
text: and dead, are relieved of any items of clothing and baggage which is
text: of any value. Luggage compartments have been broken open and
text: plain wooden crates are being tipped fromthem. All along the
text: train, BEDOUIN hold up and shake rifles or items cf loot, triumphantly
text: as LAWRENCE passes_ and they join in the adulation. They have such
text: items as: small cane chairs, coils of new white rope, lengths of silk
text: in billowing bundles and haberdashers' rolls, lengths of metal
text: piping, tennis rackets, kettles tied in clattering cocoons, blocks and
text: tackles, oil lamps, a box of carpenter's tools, a phonograph, drums
text: of kerosene, boxes of tinned food, army blankets, a sewing machine,
text: saddles, a card table with folded legs, water bottles, a papiermache
text: fire screen inlaid with mother of pearl, etc. etc. The more incongru-
dialog: ous the better. As the adulaticn reaches its climax we
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: Tl-18
text: MEDIUM SHOT - BENTLEY on the far side of the train where there
text: are few ARABS. Calls urgently, his camera raised:
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Major Lawrence!
text: MEDIUM SHOT - LAWRENCE stops and looks down (this is the first
dialog: shot we have seen of him since he started his walk) a magnificent
text: natural pose "caught" in BENTLEY's camera.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (murmuring with dry
speaker_heading: satisfaction on SOUND
speaker_heading: TRACK)
dialog: Yes sir ... that's my baby.
text: The shutter operates.
text: MEDIUM SHOT - One of the armoured cars draws up by the train.
text: In the rear, FARRAJ. In front by the DRIVER an NCO who, holds up
text: (like the BEDOUIN holding up their loot) an olive-green box with the
text: white circle and red cross on it. LAWRENCE makes a little gesture
text: of decent acknowledgment and prepares to descend.
text: MEDIUM ‘SHOT - On the other side of the train the BEDOUIN seeing
text: their hero go, return their attention to the job in hand. And at that
text: moment a double door is burst open from within - it is the luggage
text: van - and a shower of passengers’ luggage (trunks, cases,
text: Gladstone bags) falls and is fallen upon.
text: CLOSE SHOT - on the crest of the dune BRIGHTON and ALI stand by
text: the other armoured car, watching. BRIGHTON's face is dark.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: This looting has got to stop!
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (a little discomforted)
dialog: It is ... customary.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: It's theft! And theft makes thieves.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I would not say that to Auda.
dialog: (explanatcry)
dialog: It is their payment, Colonel.
dialog: eo
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (contemptuous)
dialog: Payment.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (innocent) -
dialog: Truly. Are not British soldiers paid?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: They don't go home when they've been
dialog: paid!
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: They are not free to.
text: BRIGHTON looks off angrily, in the direction of the LOOTERS.
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - A caravan of camels, well laden with loot,
text: is riding away towards the open desert.
text: CLOSE SHOT - The other armoured car drives up. LAWRENCE is
text: looking after them, seriously. BRIGHTON flounders up and
text: LAWRENCE quickly takes his gaze from the DESERTERS, but
dialog: BRIGHTON says shortly:
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Well. That's another lot you've seen the
dialog: last of. :
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: They'll come back.
text: AL] follows BRIGHTON.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: He says they'll come back. Will they?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Not this year, Aurens.
text: BRIGHTON draws close and says, discreetly:
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Look, Lawrence, d'you know how many men
dialog: you have left - less than two hundred!
dialog: 
dialog: —_
dialog: a
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: T-20
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: A hundred and seventy.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Well then?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I said they'll come back!
text: He taps the DRIVER's shoulders.
text: It is mere denial. BRIGHTON is helpless. Now a bit concerned.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (nodding, gruffly)
dialog: You hurt badly?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Not "hurt" at all.
dialog: (in the spirit of sheer
dialog: mischief, not portenu-
dialog: ously, he adds)
dialog: Didn't you know? They can only kill me. _
dialog: with a golden bullet: .
text: The car. roars away. The unresponding troubled faces of BRIGHTON
text: and ALI are obscured in its dust.
dialog: cut
text: It is a Turkish MAJOR who looks up fromthe writing and moves a
text: pace to transfer the information to a large wall map of “Arabian
text: railways.. He moves deliberately; he is not in a state of excitement
text: or rage. The wall map is behind him, before him is a big ornate desk
text: and from the surface of this he takes a thick red crayon. Witha
text: last confirmatory glance at the writing on the photograph he carefully
text: makes a cross on one of the railways. We see that there are many
text: such already. He turns and looks with calm curiosity to see the
dialog: reactions of:
text: At a distance stand two Turkish COLONELS and a MAJOR-GENERAL,
text: who has a benignand dignified face and cropped white hair. Of the
text: two COLONELS, one is frontline one Admin. All are looking at the
text: wall map when we first see them but at once the frontline COLONEL
text: shifts his weight irritably and glances sharply at the GENERAL.
text: The Admin COLONEL follows suit, a little apprehensively. It is
text: very quiet in the fine white room. Becomingaware of the front line
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 56A.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: -21
dialog: Continued
text: COLONEL's glance, the GENERAL returns him an inexpressive look
text: and raises his shoulders in a faint, patrician shrug.
text: The MAJOR, still regarding them, opens without looking at it, a
text: large flat drawer in the desk. He tosses the photograph in it,
text: still without looking.
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. The drawer is already half full of other
text: similar photographs depicting the results of Lawrence's campaign
text: against the railways. The drawer slams shut.
text: MEDIUM SHOT - Inside a bivouac, made lean-to, against one of the
text: armoured cars. The flap, heaving, spasmodically in the wind dis-
text: closes glimpses of a dry Wadi, with many other shelters. Within,
text: leaning against a wheel, BENTLEY regards a book curiously.
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT - it is a limp book, folded back; the print
text: is large and the page is headed: "THE LITTLE CITIZEN. CHAPTER
text: TWO. OUR PARLIAMENT." The text begins: "Every Englishman
dialog: has the vote. What does this mean? And how has it come about?"
dialog: And so on.
text: BENTLEY looks up, finds ALI's stern but islightly uncomfortable
text: glance upon him.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: It is for children. I have set myself
dialog: to learn again.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: What are you learning, from this?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Politics.
text: He says this as one might say "Geometry", or "Latin". BENTLEY,
text: at ease against the wheel, is interested; eyes him speculatively.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: You going to be a democracy in this country?
dialog: You going to have a Parliament?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (thinks; then gravely)
dialog: I will tell you that, when I have a country.
text: BENTLEY throws back his head in admiration and laughs.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: I-22
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Did I answer well?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: You answered without saying anything;
dialog: that's politics.
text: (he hands back the book,
dialog: and says, agreeably)
dialog: You learn quickly.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (gravely and respectfully)
dialog: I have a good teacher.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Yeah!
dialog: (This reminds him of a
dialog: previous determination.
text: He begins to rise)
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: CUT
text: In a smaller tent of unbleached yellow wool, LAWRENCE sits
text: cross-legged in the attitude of a teacher. His head is back, his eyes
text: focussed on an idea. At his feet isa map. He wears a vest and
text: camel trousers, all very white. His wound is now a matter for lint
text: and plaster merely. FARRAJ pops head and shoulders through the
dialog: flap and says hastily:
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: The man.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: All right.
text: FARRAJ goes, holding the flap for BENTLEY who enters and plumps
dialog: himself down.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: How's the hurt?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Fine.
dialog: 59
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: -23
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
text: (tugging his notebook from
text: a side pocket and one of
dialog: many pencils from his
dialog: breast pocket)
dialog: Before I return to the fleshpots, which I
dialog: shall be very glad to do, may I put two
dialog: questions to you, straight?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (grins at him)
dialog: I'd be interested to hear you put a
dialog: question straight, Mr. Bentley.
text: BENTLEY chuckles. We should see that LAWRENCE has a sort of
dialog: respect for BENTLEY's intelligence and absolute freedom from
text: principle as BENTLEY is fascinated by LAWRENCE's destructive
dialog: scrupulosity. Also, in this sequence, we should see that BENTLEY
dialog: has not stood up at all well to the campaigning: his clothes have
text: become greasy and frayed, his skin chapped, he needs both a haircut
dialog: anda shave. Whatever LAWRENCE is wearing by contrast should be
text: virginally clean.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: One: What, in your opinion, do these
dialog: people hope to gain from this war?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quiet, lightly)
dialog: They hope to gain their freedom.
text: BENTLEY looks at him cautiously.
dialog: Freedom.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (scribbling, saying
dialog: dryly, even sadly)
dialog: ... they hope to gain their freedom ...
dialog: There's one born every minute.
text: Unseen by BENTLEY, LAWRENCE "freezes" at this and looks at him
text: vehemently.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: They're going to get it, Mr. Bentley. I'm
dialog: going to give it to them.
text: At the superhuman egoism of this BENTLEY looks up between surprise
text: and amusement, mouth open for a wise-crack, but he encounters
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: Tl-24
dialog: Continued
text: LAWRENCE's poisonous regard and shuts it again, flummoxed.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (softly) :
dialog: And the second question? ,
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Oh... well... Iwas going to ask...
text: (he regains his professional
dialog: manner firmly)
dialog: What is it, Major Lawrence, that attracts
dialog: you personally to the desert?
text: LAWRENCE looks the disreputable figure up and down with insulting
dialog: deliberation and says: .
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: It's clean.
text: BENTLEY lowers his gaze tc his own garments. He lays down his
text: pad and pencil and when he looks up we expect him to be at least
text: resentful. Instead, he says in a voice that is dispassionate and
dialog: thoughtful:
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Well, now that's a very illuminating answer.
text: (he takes up his camera
dialog: and says invitingly)
dialog: May I take one farewell picture?
speaker_heading: CcUuT
text: In the armoured car shelter. BRIGHTON is now there also. AUDA
text: enters, boisterously. He carries a station clock with swinging pen-
dialog: dulums. (we ought perhaps to have seen this item before, to identify
text: it as loot) He holds it up.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: I gave Muhmid Taud two lamps for it. One
text: clock for two lamps.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (judiciously, but glancing
speaker_heading: at BRIGHTON)
dialog: A fair bargain.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: "Fair\" I robbed him!
dialog: 3}
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 6la
speaker_heading: 61b
dialog: 6le
dialog: 61d
dialog: 6le
dialog: 61£
speaker_heading: 6lg
dialog: 62
dialog: Continued -25
text: He spins the fingers happily. Then the movement stops. The ex-
text: pression of pleasure goes from his face and is replaced by one of
text: dark brooding. He tosses the clock from him.
speaker_heading: AUDA (cont)
dialog: Trash.
text: He lies on his "bed".
dialog: I'must find something honourable.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Honourable!
text: AUDA raises his head and considers BRIGHTON carefully. Then he
text: lies back again. He explains.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Yes. The year is running out 'Righton.
dialog: I must find something honourable.
text: And his face has the mindless nobility of a hungry lion.
text: OPENING SHOT. Disclosing horses and panning with STALLION
dialog: into reverse angle.
text: LONG SHOT. From top rear of train with MACHINE GUNNERS in
text: foreground. (A slight sense of boredom amongst Machine Gunners-
dialog: Rig sun cover).
text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT. FRONT MACHINE GUN NEST on flat car
dialog: in front of engine. (Try to arrange this shot on a curve so that the
text: train is visible in background).
text: RAILS coming towards low camera. (Camera slightly higher than
text: test) EXPLOSION goes off ahead. ~ : .
text: REACTION OF machine gunners to explosion. ‘
text: ENGINE DRIVER jamming on brakes.
text: WHEELS LOCKING AND STARTING TO SKID.
text: HORSES stumbling around.
text: LONGER SHOT OF LOCKED WHEELS with FRONT MACHINE GUN
text: NEST in background. STEAM starts coming out of engine.
dialog: 
dialog: 62a
speaker_heading: 62b
speaker_heading: 62c
dialog: 63
dialog: 63a
speaker_heading: 63b
dialog: 63c
dialog: 63d
dialog: 63e
dialog: 63f
dialog: 63g
dialog: 64
dialog: 64a
speaker_heading: 64b
dialog: 64c
dialog: 64d
dialog: 64e
dialog: 64f
speaker_heading: Tl-26
text: PANICKING HORSES regaining their balance.
text: FRONT MACHINE GUNNERS in foreground of picture with EXPLOSION
text: PIT nearing from background.
text: CLOSE SHOT. FRONT MACHINE GUNNERS watching crater and
text: beginning to look round left and right - but not backwards.
text: LONG SHOT. THE TRAIN skidding to a halt with ARMOURED CAR
text: in foreground of picture. The TRAIN stops, the ARMOURED CAR
text: opens fire.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. HORSES reacting to gunfire with MACHINE GUNNERS
text: leaping off train in background - or possibly in foreground.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. ARMOURED CAR MACHINE GUN FIRING.
text: CLOSE SHOT. FRONT MACHINE GUN NEST with WOOD splintering.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. HORSES PANICKING.
text: LONG SHOT. FIRST ARMOURED CAR in foreground; TRAIN in
text: background. CAR stops firing. Top of turret opens
text: CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON emerges through the turret - fires
scene_heading: VEREY PISTOL.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. VEREY LIGHT exploding in the sky.
text: BIG CLOSE SHOT. AUDA with some stationary horsemen is in
text: background looking up at the sky - he yells and moves out of picture.
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT. TRAIN in centre of picture.’ HORSES
text: appearing on dunes from all sides. Shadow of verey light on sand.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ on ground collecting plunger
text: etc - HORSES LEGS rushing past them on all sides. LAWRENCE
text: looks up grinning.
text: CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON watching unimpressed.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. HORSEMEN tearing down dunes.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LINE OF HORSES in train, whinnying and reacting
text: to what they see.
text: CLOSE PANNING SHOT. AUDA galloping towards the train. HORSE-
scene_heading: MEN BEHIND HIM.
dialog: 64g
dialog: 65
dialog: 65a
speaker_heading: 65b
dialog: 65¢
dialog: 65d
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 66a
speaker_heading: 66b
speaker_heading: 66c
dialog: 66d
dialog: 66e
dialog: 66£
speaker_heading: 66g
dialog: 66h
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: 67a
speaker_heading: 67b
dialog: 67c
dialog: 67d
dialog: 67e
dialog: It-27
text: CLOSE SHOT. STALLION with other horses in background reacting. '
text: MEDIUM SHOT. FIRST ARMOURED CAR in foreground, train in '
text: background. The first of AUDA's men are reaching the train.
text: FIRST ARMOURED CAR begins to move foreward. SECOND 1
text: ARMOURED CAR appears behind dune.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. Looking down on the train - HORSEMEN gallop up
text: from either side and start to undo ropes.
scene_heading: THREE CLOSE SHOTS ’
text: THE BACKGROUND filled with Horses with :
text: TIE ROPES being undone. )
text: CLOSE SHOT. The side of the wagon falling down into picture,
text: and disclosing line of horses' legs.
text: LONG SHOT. (MASTER) HORSES beginning to jump from train. :
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA... watching. :
text: CLOSE SHOT. Horses jumping from the train.
text: CLOSE SHOT AUDA watching. (Closer than 66b)
text: CLOSE SHOT. HORSES jumping from train.
scene_heading: BIG CLOSE SHOT AUDA ,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. HORSES
text: BIG CLOSE SHOT. AUDA laughing and moving out of picture.
text: LONG SHOT. With rows of horses leaving train and showing the os
text: semi-circle of AUDA's horses encircling them. :
text: CLOSE PANNING SHOT. AUDA with the screen completely filled
text: with HORSES as he rides through them and takes the STALLION by
text: the lead rope and turns him back.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ARMOURED CARS drawing to a standstill.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ on back of second armoured
dialog: car.
text: CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON still in turret of first ARMOURED CAR.
text: ALI at the back.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. CAMERA PANS with AUDA as he leads his STALLION
text: up to the ARMOURED CARS with the TRAIN in the background.
dialog: 
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: I-28
text: CLOSE SHOT - AUDA. He turns into CAMERA. He is in ecstasy.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Now you may blow up my train.
text: MEDIUM SHOT - He is standing by one of the armoured cars, in or
text: on which are BRIGHTON, ALI, FARRAJ and LAWRENCE whom AUDA
text: is addressing. Behind AUDA is his chaotic booty, drawing away along
text: the train. At AUDA's words, LAWRENCE merely smiles a little
text: and looks down at his feet. From this point on, his attention isfixed
text: wistfully but keenly and without self pity upon AUDA. He takes no
text: part in the discussion knowing that AUDA and BRIGHTON are each
text: too fixed in their own modes to understand one another; his attention
speaker_heading: remains on AUDA
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (hostile)
dialog: And what will you do?
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Oh, now I go home!
text: (he turns and takes in
text: the scene, turns back
text: again breathing deep with
dialog: satisfaction)
dialog: They will carry my toys!
text: (he roars with laughter)
dialog: They will carry my toys, too, do you see...
text: BRIGHTON rises to his feet. He will take AUDA to task with no more
text: doubt and no more fear for his own safety than if he were a school
text: prefect and AUDA an erring form mate.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Major Lawrence will campaign this winter.
dialog: But you've got what you wanted, so you're
dialog: going home; is that it?
text: AUDA begins to see that something is wrong, but is as yet puzzled,
dialog: not angry.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Of course.
text: (he pats LAWRENCE
dialog: affectionately on the knee)
dialog: When Aurens has got what he wants, he
dialog: will go home! — ~
dialog: (encouragingly to
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON)
dialog: When you've got what you want you will go
dialog: home!
dialog: ©
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: I-29
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Oh no I shan't, Auda.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (the tone of it now is
dialog: unmistakeable and he
dialog: apprehends it)
dialog: Then you are a fool.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Maybe. I'm not a deserter.
text: AUDA's face goes quite stiff, he blinks and licks his lips. Then he
dialog: says very quitely:
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Give thanks to God, Brighton, that when
dialog: he made you a fool, he gave you a fool's
dialog: face.
text: CLOSE SHOT - BRIGHTON, head and shoulders. He is not comically
text: outraged, but he is affronted. He look straight at AUDA, cold, hard,
text: forbidding, and (in his desert gear- sheepskin perhaps) tough.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: You are an impudent rascal.
speaker_heading: : AUDA
dialog: I must go Aurens. Before I soil myself
dialog: with a fool's blood.
text: And he goes towards his horse, quickly. BRIGHTON sits.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Like talking to a brick wall...
text: CLOSE SHOT - AUDA mounted. He looks after his booty which all
text: this while has been driven away and away down the length of the train
text: and out into the desert under a cloud of dust. He turns. He swells.
text: All gloom forgotten.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: They will carry my toys too!
text: He rides away, watched by the group in the armoured car.
dialog: ©
dialog: “ “
dialog: 5)
dialog: 72
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: I-30
text: CLOSE SHOT. THE GROUP. LAWRENCE looks steadily after AUDA.
text: BRIGHTON nods to himself and speaks with the bitter satisfaction of
text: one whose worst fears are realised.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: So what willyou do now? What can you
dialog: do?
text: LAWRENCE tears his attention from the vanishing AUDA. He begins
text: to collect demolition gear from the car. He speaks quietly.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I'll go north ... Isn't that what Allenby
dialog: wants?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (scoffing despair)
dialog: Allenby wanted the "Arab Army" behind Deraa!
text: LAWRENCE looks along the train where the remnants of his force
dialog: linger.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Then that's where I'll take it.
text: He hands the demolition kit to FARRAJ, who nips eagerly from the car
text: and waits for him. LAWRENCE following more slowly, adds:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE |
dialog: Tell Allenby to hurry up or I'll be in
dialog: Deraa before he's in Jerusalem.
text: He puts a hand on FARRAJ, propélling him towards the engine, and
dialog: says to him,. for BRIGHTON to hear:
dialog: Won't we?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: LONG SHOT - ANGLING DOWN. A railway line stretches gleaming
text: through a dull grey landscape, dull grey clouds approaching from the
text: horizon. A wind moaning, and in the wind the ‘melancholy rise and fall
text: of an Arab pipe. Scattered haphazardly on and about the line, a GROUP
text: OF BEDOUIN and their animals. They stand still, or move slowly
dialog: and without purpose.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE and FARRAJ are busy on the line.
text: Others watch, dispiritedly, or crouch against the wind, one blowing
text: a little pipe, fitfully.
dialog: 
dialog: Oo
dialog: ,
dialog: }
dialog: ) .
dialog: C) 15
dialog: le
dialog: !
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 4
dialog: } 77
speaker_heading: D 78
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: D 82
dialog: c~.
dialog: we
dialog: wo
speaker_heading: TI-31
text: CLOSE SHOT. IT IS FARRAJ who fixes the charge (a self-operating
text: charge of gun cotton secured with adhesive tape). LAWRENCE watches
text: him but FARRAJ works confidently and has obviously done it before.
text: MAJID, crouching, watches him with grudging admiration.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI looks straight down the line. He grunts softly.
text: LAWRENCE joins him in frame. Neither shows apprehension nor
text: even much excitement. It is routine.
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT - the plume of steam is barely visible. On
text: SOUND TRACK, LAWRENCE says: "Train, Farraj!"
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. FARRAJ
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: (without excitement)
dialog: Ya, Aurens.
text: He has finished taping the pilot brick to the rail, holds both ends
text: of the tape which will be used to secure the secondary bricks in
text: one hand, and with the other inserts the plug. He looks about and
text: sees what he wants.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A small red painted wooden box lies on a sleeper out
dialog: of reach.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. MAJID steps over to it, picks it up and brings it
text: back. Doing so his foot slips on the edge of a sleeper. Swiftly,
text: FARRAdJ is on his feet to secure not the man but the box; he does
text: so and for a second they are face to face, both holding it, startled;
text: then they smile and the MAN let's go. FARRAJ takes from the box
text: one of the half dozen gleaming detenators, slides it.carefully into
text: the plug to see that it fits, then with that blend of carelessness and
text: dexterity which marks the explosives man, he slips it into his waist-
text: band (EXTREME CLOSE SHOT of this, I think) ‘and goes on with his
dialog: work.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE joins them. He collects together a
text: coil of fuse, roll of tape, a small waterproof satchel of tools, the red
text: box, and hands them to MAJID, saying:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Hide yourself my friend.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. THE RAIDERS are wandering away and disappearing
text: behind a hump very near to the line. ALI bringing up the rear glances
dialog: at:
speaker_heading: oO 83
dialog: : 84
dialog: )
dialog: ° 85
dialog: ©
dialog: ° 86
speaker_heading: 2O
dialog: 87
dialog: 
speaker_heading: I-32
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT. The plume of steam, though nearer, makes
text: no audible noise at its still great distance.
text: CLOSE SHOT. MAJID leaves FARRAJ and LAWRENCE to follow
text: the others. We see that to do so he must plunge into a steep ditch
text: into which he disappears before scaling the other side.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE, having taken over from FARRAJ, has
text: finished taping the secondary bricks. Still no urgency.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Detonator.
text: FARRAJ slips his fingers into his waistband and feels for the detonator.
text: He looks worried. LAWRENCE turns, still. crouching, to look down
text: the line, and back at FARRAJ, who smiles embarrassedly and searches
dialog: further. |
text: MEDIUM SHOT. MAJID arrives behind the hump. This time, the
text: RAIDERS are not poised for an attack. There is tension, necessarily,
text: but each man crouches in the lee of his mount. Only ALI is keeping
text: watch. The PIPER continues, fitfully. ALI hisses him sharply to
text: silence, and we hear for the first time the distant "puff, puff" of
dialog: the train.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE AND FARRAJ are searching the ballast
text: for the detonator, FARRAJ the more urgent and less effective, as
text: the more responsible for its loss. He rises to his feet and begins
text: to search his waistband again, irritated, guilty. The TRAIN NOISE.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (calmly, and reassuring)
dialog: All right, fetch another.
dialog: 
text: FARRAJ crosses the line towards the hump and the ditch; he turns. ;
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Pardon, Aurens. I...
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: - (kindly impatience)
dialog: There's plenty of time. Fetch another.
text: FARRAJ plunges awkwardly from sight, half falling, into the ditch.
text: We hear - do we hear? - we are not sure - a bang, a thud, under
text: the noise of the wind. But FARRAJ does not appear. All that LAW-
text: _RENCE sees is the stony landscape between him and the hump where
text: ’ ALI watches. The wind blows. The train is nearer.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93.
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: ‘ T-33
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Farraj ...?
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Farraj!
text: QUICK CLOSE SHOT. FARRAJ is on his back at the bottom of the
text: ditch. His eye glare; his mouth opens wide.
text: QUICK CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE plunges down beside him; raises
text: his stricken face as MAJID, ALI and TWO BEDOUIN hurl themselves
text: into the ditch from the other side and are arrested by what they see.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT. ALI AND LAWRNECE
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: Detonator. A detonator...
text: The train noise is much nearer. LAWRENCE turns swiftly to where:
text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT. MAJID and the TWO BEDOUIN obscure the
text: fallen BOY. Mingling with the TRAIN NOISES we hear the SOUND
text: OF TROOPS, singing. This penetrates. They turn their faces
dialog: alarmed. :
text: QUICK CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE AND ALI turn their heads, horrifed.
text: The singing nearer.
text: QUICK MEDIUM SHOT. THE TWO BEDOUIN scramble up the side of
text: the ditch and run. MAJID looks up from the BOY.
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: He cannot ride Aurens. Look.*
text: He lifts from the BOY's stomach the blood soaked garments which we
text: see for the first time. LAWRENCE goes down beside him. He rises
text: as though hurled by a great blow in the face. ALI] AND MAJID look
text: towards him. WE HEAR THE TRAIN, now near, braking with a scream
text: of metal and the singing dies out.
text: QUICK .CLOSE SHOT. The unprimed charge conspicuous on the line.
text: The singing is replaced by shouts.
dialog: 
dialog: 95
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: W-34
text: MEDIUM SHOT. In the ditch. ALI AND MAJID look to LAWRENCE but
text: he looks about wildly. It is the first time we have seen him at a loss.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: If they take him alive, you know what they
dialog: will do.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE backs away and throws his pistol to
speaker_heading: MAJID.
text: CLOSE SHOT. MAJID looks at the pistol, smiles comprehendingly,
text: shakes his head and rises away from FARRAJ.
text: FARRAJ's breathing begins to come more and more rapidly with a
text: rising rhythm which must end in a scream.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE hurls himself on the pistol. MUSIC LOW.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE kneels by FARRAJ. Shouted orders
text: from the TURKS. LAWRENCE stealthily brings the pistol towards
text: FARRAJ's head. FARRAJ clutches his wrist instinctively. Then he
text: smiles and lets go.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ
dialog: Daud will be angry with you.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Salute him for me.
text: He cannot doit. On SOUND TRACK the shouts draw closer.
speaker_heading: FARRAJ .
dialog: (prompting kindly)
dialog: God will give you peace.
text: He turns his head away but does not close his eyes.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. ALI AND MAJID wince away, turn, the pistol crashes
text: out, they streak up the side of the ditch and run.
text: LAWRENCE scrambles from the ditch and runs after them, his face
text: fragmented.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: MEDIUM TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE and ALI ride ahead of the
text: remaining BEDOUIN who lock morose. LAWRENCE leads FARRAJ’s
text: camel, which has a net bag of soap among its load. The wind moans.
speaker_heading: Oo 101
dialog: _ -
speaker_heading: ‘Bs
speaker_heading: CO 102
dialog: 103
dialog: Continued
dialog: 1-35
text: ALI looks at LAWRENCE, is about to speak, thinks better of it. He
text: looks at him again and says, with much sympathy, as one who has
dialog: a question which cannot brook postponement even under such circum- -
dialog: stances as these:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: What will you do, now?
text: LAWRENCE clears his throat and answers flatly.
dialog: Go north.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: ALI jogs on in silence for a beat or two.
dialog: With twenty?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We must see that ALI is genuinely exercised in his mind as to whether
dialog: there is any purpose in going on.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE's mask cracks.
dialog: shouts:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: He turns to ALI and
dialog: What would you recommend me to do, Ali?
dialog: What would you recommend?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: MEDIUM SHOT. Interior ALLENBY's private apartments in Cairo.
text: A spacious room with, at the far end, a working desk and chair, and
text: nearer to the CAMERA a fireplace against which ALLENBY leans,
text: and a few upholstered chairs in one of which BRIGHTON is sitting.
text: It is night time and cosy lamps are li.
text: (whereas before we have seen them spinning) and there is a fire in
text: the grate. On the mantlepiece,by ALLENBY, the Country Life
text: calendar proclaims December with an Olde English hunting scene.
text: ALLENBY has a light plaid shawl thrown over his shoulders, and he
text: swills a whisky and soda in a large tumbler.
dialog: The fans are motionless
text: He is silently regarding
text: BRIGHTON and though the professional maskis firmly in place he
text: looks unusually thoughtful and a little triste.
dialog: BRIGHTON, who has
text: flung his Sam Browne on the back of his chair, and also has a glass
text: of whisky and soda at his elbow, is labouring through the last of a
text: sheaf of official reports. When he concludes, he hands them to
text: ALLENBY, with a grave face.
dialog: 103
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: He hasn't one-tenth so many men, sir.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Well, yes and no, sir... He doesn't claim
dialog: to have done anything he hasn't done .
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: Then there is an "Arab North Army".
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (considers)
dialog: No, sir. He has lied about that.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Any idea why?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (with a half smile)
dialog: It's his army, I suppose.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (shortly)
dialog: It's Prince Feisal'’s army ... Think he's
dialog: gone native Harry?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (his brows puckered)
scene_heading: N-n-n-0 -0-0.
dialog: (with a flash of inspiration)
dialog: He would if he could.
text: (with a flash of self-
dialog: doubt)
dialog: I think.
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: Not my line of country this, sir.
text: He is puzzled by the mood of his CHIEF.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: Doesn't matter ... I'm just curious.
dialog: What matters is: I believed it and
dialog: the Turks believe it. They're offering
dialog: twenty-thousand pounds for him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Good God!
speaker_heading: I-36
dialog: 
dialog: 103
dialog: aw
dialog: 
speaker_heading: I-37 6
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (turns away - and
text: CLOSE SHOT - prods idly
text: at the fire with his toe)
dialog: Yes. Shouldn't say he'd long to live would
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: Whatever else sir, he... !
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (interrupting rather
dialog: impatiently)
dialog: Oh surely, surely .... If he's still going
text: North, with fifty men, he doesn't lack
dialog: guts...
dialog: : (brooding)
dialog: I wonder if they'd offer that much for me...
text: He turns briskly with the air of one who breaks off an improper
dialog: indulgence.
dialog: Well, what about next year? Will they
dialog: come back to him?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Shouldn't be surprised, sir.
dialog: some kind of prophet.
dialog: They think he's
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: They do or he does?
text: He walks away to the working desk taking the paper with him, calling
text: back as he goes:
text: They seem to think he's a kind of machine.
dialog: Dryden had a letter from some old beggar
dialog: behind Damascus; "Send us an Aurens and
dialog: we will blow up trains with it". That's
dialog: poetry, isn't it?
text: And again his voice has a harsh sounding crack in it.
scene_heading: BRIGHTON (On SOUND TRACK)
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: I wouldn't know, sir.
dialog: Ty
dialog: ees
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: I-38
dialog: 103 Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: And that's what these are.
dialog: (he wags the papers
dialog: before throwing them
dialog: down)
dialog: Not lies, poems.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Don't quite follow, sir.
text: 104 CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON, his care-worn, innocent face, creased
dialog: with the effort ta be in time with his chief.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: (with a sudden rush of
dialog: affection for things
dialog: familiar)
dialog: You're a good chap, Harry.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
text: (a laugh is jerked out
dialog: of him by the unexpected-
dialog: ness of it)
dialog: Thank you, sir!
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: Nice to have a fire again.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: 105 CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY by the fire, and again we see the calendar.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Quite like home...
speaker_heading: cuT
text: 106 LONGSHOT. EXTERIOR. Night. The screen is full of driving snow
text: and ON SOUND TRACK there is a shrieking wind. Moving through the
text: snow, we gradually make out the silhouette of the ruins of El-Jamal.
text: It is nothing more than a grotesque hump of stone, but in some aperture
text: a light flickers, at which:
dialog: 
dialog: C) 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: RR a a ty
dialog: I-39
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT - Interior. One of the bars of yellow soap
text: is lying on a clean slab of stone. :
text: CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE, wrapped in a torn grey blanket for
text: warmth, is arranging his newly washed white robes over a carefully
text: improvised framework of sticks, to dry before a fire. He works with a
text: controlled nervousness. Nervousness is revealed in the mere:. speed
dialog: of his movements; control keeps them effective.
text: MEDIUM SHOT - ALI, also in undress, smoking a cheroot, watches
text: him, his face shows a distinct anger tempered by caution and under-
text: standing - in other words it shows a sober independence of LAWRENCE
text: which we have before seen only incipient. LAWRENCE knows ALI is
text: waiting for him. ALI looks about, patiently. Cracks in the walls have
text: been stuffed with bits of rag, earth, grass in spite of which flurries
text: of snow spurt in .here and there. LAWRENCE straightens from his
text: task, wiping his ands on a cloth.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Now may I speak?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE tr
dialog: (cool) '
dialog: Yes.
text: ALI is evidently repeating a point he has been trying to make before.
text: He speaks patiently.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We are all tired.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (in a dead voice) —
dialog: I'm not tired.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: You are tired.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: _ All right, I'm tired...
dialog: (attempts a sneer)
dialog: it takes me differently.
dialog: ALI . }
dialog: (calmly) |
dialog: Truly .. Aurens, one more failure: and ®
dialog: you will find yourself alone. |
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Tl-40
text: c™; 110 CLOSE SHOT- on this, LAWRENCE looks at him. ALI responds with
text: the irritation of a man who finds his logical argument answered on the
text: plane of emotion.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Ido not include myself.
speaker_heading: a LAWRENCE
dialog: I do not include the others.
text: He jerks his head towards off screen.
text: ALI nods, reasonably and taps ash from his cheroot, before continuing
text: a with his patient argument:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: So say they love you. The more reason to
dialog: be thrifty with them.
dialog: (he begins to appeal more
text: urgently and grows excited
dialog: immediatély)
dialog: Give them something to do that can be done!
dialog: ' But you... no, no, they must move mountains,
dialog: for you, they must walk on water!
text: i LAWRENCE's own much more racking, because more personal distress,
text: | - ignites from ALI's. He nods affirmatively to the last phrase of ALI's
dialog: speech.
speaker_heading: 4 LAWRENCE
dialog: : That's right! ..That's right !...
dialog: he makes a pretence of going
text: on wiping his hands but his set,
text: pale face is still turned on his
dialog: friend)
text: Unwittingly, ALI has challenged him at the mingled root of his strength
text: and weakness and mustnow fate LAWRENCE's ‘whole persoriality up in
dialog: arms.
dialog: wo Who are you to know what can be done?
dialog: i If we'd done what you thought could be done
dialog: you'd be back in 'Yenbo now, and nowhere!
dialog: Whatever I ask them to do, can be done, that's
dialog: all. .they know that if you don't... !
dialog: 
text: He drops the cloth, backing from ALI towards a broken opening in
text: ) the interior wall.
dialog: oa) 110
dialog: Se
speaker_heading: OD
dialog: 6 111
speaker_heading: eS
dialog: {
dialog: »
speaker_heading: TI-41
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE (cont)
dialog: «+» D'you think I'm just anybody, Ali?
dialog: Do you? '
text: Before ALI can reply, he turns from himtowards the opening and calls
text: in a voice ostensibly warm and confident with an unconscious undernote
dialog: of fear:
dialog: My friends, who will walk on water with me?
text: But reaching the doorway and looking in he realises that the situation '
text: is more critical than he supposed. His expression.changes. He
text: becomes alert, cautious. He realises that to get his own way he must
dialog: at any rate seem reasonable. :
text: MEDIUM SHOT - what he sees. A small room of the Fort witha
text: charcoal | fire, the sodden robes of the BEDOUIN hanging on cords to
text: dry. The BEDOUIN themselves seated in undress about the room among
text: their isaddles and sheepskins. They look both wild and grim; defeated
text: veterans. All follow the ensuing debate most closely and immobile
text: except that MAJID cleans his rifle throughout. LAWRENCE leans against
text: the doorway in a deliberately leisurely fashion and repeats” his question
text: in a quiet and reasonable tone.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Who will come with me to Deraa?
text: This suggestion does not take them by surprise; evidently they have
dialog: heard of his intention and discussed it.
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: Deraa is garrisoned. Will you take twenty
dialog: against two thousand?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I'll go by myself if I have to.
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Because I told the English Generals ... the
dialog: Arab Revolt would be in Deraa when they would
dialog: be in Jerusalem.
speaker_heading: OC) 111
dialog: Oo
dialog: )
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: ge 112
dialog: | .
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: eS
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: C3
speaker_heading: Ww
speaker_heading: I-42
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: (he can't look at
dialog: LAWRENCE but he
dialog: persists)
dialog: And are you the Arab Revolt?
text: CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE looks round slowly. They avoid his eyes.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (cheerfully)
text: It begins to seem so.
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Or perhaps you are here for the English
dialog: Generals?
text: - LAWRENCE is profoundly shocked. It seems that he will leave them.
dialog: But then, challenging:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Who says this?
text: They avoid his eyes. MAJID looks at ALI,
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (apologetic but troubled)
dialog: Rumour.
text: LAWRENCE spits onto the ground.
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: (regarding the spittle
dialog: immediately)
dialog: That, is not an argument.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (his face pale)
dialog: Oh, argument!
dialog: (he lashes them)
dialog: This afternoon, I will take the Arab Revolt
dialog: into Deraa... while the Arabs... argue. ©
dialog: (he turns and goes)
dialog: 7
dialog: 
dialog: eo 112
dialog: 113
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: eo 114
dialog: ©
dialog: 115
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Tl-43
dialog: Continued,
speaker_heading: MAJID
dialog: Aurens! Can you pass for an Arab in an
dialog: Arab town ?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Yes,
dialog: (he retuimms into the
text: doorway and hisses
dialog: at them)
dialog: If one of you will lend me some dirty clothes!
dialog: cut
text: CLOSE SHOT - THE TURKISH BEY, motionless as an idol, is being
text: driven in his open staff car swiftly through the streets of Deraa.
text: Buildings flash by on either side, people respectfully salaaming.
text: He is an older man than LAWRENCE, but of very similar type. His
text: face is ascetic, aloof, cultivated, and conscious.
speaker_heading: CuT TO
text: A desert street in DERAA - LONG SHOT - ANGLING DOWN.
text: The staff car turns a corner into it in the foreground and speeds away.
text: We travel down this street from the viewpoint of the BEY. Just before
text: we reach the end of the street, TWO DISREPUTABLE FIGURES turn
text: into it. One walks by the wall,the other arrogantly on the crown of
text: the roadhas to leap for safety. They are ALI and LAWRENCE.
text: CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE grins.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Madness! What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Some way to announce myself.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (casting his eyes up)
dialog: Be patient with him God.
text: A TURKISH SERGEANT and TWO ‘PRIVATES turn out of an alley
dialog: and pass them.
text: THE CAMERA TRACKS backwards with LAWRENCE and ALI walking
text: towards it, LAWRENCE slowly moving into it as they talk.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: zd
dialog: “Oo
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: I-44
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Do you not see how they look at you?
text: LAWRENCE walks on.
dialog: At least come into the shadow!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Peace, Ali, I am invisible.
scene_heading: TURKISH SERGEANT. (ON SOUND TRACK)
dialog: Halt!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Walk on.
scene_heading: TURKISH SERGEANT (ON SOUND TRACK)
dialog: Halt!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Walk on.
text: CLOSE SHOT - A hand is placed upon his shoulder and he is spun about.
scene_heading: TURKISH SOLDIER
dialog: You!
text: MEDIUM: SHOT - behind him we see the SERGEANT coming up with
text: the other PRIVATE.
dialog: And you!
text: MEDIUM SHOT - ALI stops and turns.
scene_heading: TURKISH ‘SERGEANT
text: (looks at ALI appraisingly.
dialog: Then contemptuously)
dialog: No-o-o, Imshi!
text: (CLOSE SHOT. THE THREE TURKISH SOLDIERS looking at
text: LAWRENCE. Their grins harmless, knowing, very nearly friendly)
dialog: You...
speaker_heading: CUT
dialog: to
dialog: 
dialog: 1-45
text: I C) 120 INTERIOR the working room of the BEY's apartment, lamps lit, a
text: wo calmly beautiful sunset sky beyond the window. The BEY is sitting
text: , at'the window, with his face in his long and sensitive hands, motionless
text: } in an attitude of despair. A number of COMMON SOLDIERS stand: about
text: the room at attention; they might be some different species of creature
text: ) from their immaculate commander. Facing the table are LAWRENCE,
text: TWO SYRIAN RAGGAMUFFINS, absolutely from the depths and a
text: © SPECTACLED LEBANESE CLERK with the last remnants of respect-
text: ability. At either side and behind them stand other TURKISH SOLDIERS.
dialog: All wait.
text: : 121 CLOSE SHOT - The TURKS exchange sly grins over the motionless
dialog: © back of the BEY. . i
text: f 122 CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE observes this, uncomprehending and fear-
dialog: fully. :
text: ! : 123 MEDIUM SHOT - Suddenly the BEY raises his melancholy face in which °
text: the.eyes are burning, and from the way in which the SOLDIERS wipe:
text: the grins from their faces and stiffen to attention we see that he is no :
text: laughing matter to them. He rises and walks round the table to inspect .
dialog: the quartette.
text: ie y 124 MEDIUM SHOT - The BEY inspects them. His attitude is not truculant, -
text: nor even insulting, is indeed dignified and almost wistful, as though he ’
dialog: had some distasteful duty to perform, which habit had not quite inured
text: him to. He pauses fractionally before each man, and his.controlled
text: features faintly register his response. The TWO FILTHY SYRIANS
text: © each evoke the sort of horrified disgust mone feels for hopelessly
text: diseased animals, and he passes on, hardly pausing. He considers the
text: LEBANESE CLERK carefully. The CLERK assays a nervous smile
text: and the BEY passes quickly on. He pauses before LAWRENCE and
text: LAWRENCE microscopically flinches, frightened by the evil in the
text: man, and the BEY turns away awkwardly. But half way back to his table
text: he stops and turns.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: You.
text: oO Like light the other THREE are hustled from the room, leaving
text: LAWRENCE and the BEY confronting one another where they stand
text: AND FIVE TURKISH SOLDIERS, two behind LAWRENCE, three
text: : against the wall. The BEY walks up to LAWRENCE. The TWO
text: | behind him move a little closer.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: You have blue eyes.
dialog: 
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: eS
dialog: eo
speaker_heading: G
speaker_heading: TI-46
speaker_heading: Continued —
text: LAWRENCE swallows and stares fascinated at the BEY. ;
speaker_heading: BEY (Cont) ,
dialog: I say you have blue eyes.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (remembering his part)
dialog: Yes, Effendi. :
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: Are you Circassian? '
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes, Effendi.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Twenty-seven, Effendi.
dialog: (he remembers his part)
dialog: I think. :
text: He assumes an ingratiating smile. He need not bother. To the BEY
dialog: he is an object, not a man of any kind.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: You look older ... you have had a lot of
dialog: experience...
scene_heading: (to TURKISH SERGEANT)
dialog: Tt is an interesting face.
text: TURKISH SERGEANT stiffens his attention stupidly. The BEY turns
text: to LAWRENCE. His tone is pleading, almost has a whine to it, but
text: he is talking for himself alone, absorbed in some inner emotional
dialog: crisis of his own.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: I am surrounded by cattle. He wouldn't know
text: an interesting face from a sow's belly.
text: His face twitches minutely and is still again.
dialog: Ihave been in Deraa for three and a half
dialog: years now. If they posted me to the dark
dialog: 
dialog: ‘©
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 
dialog: | O 124 Continued
dialog: i
dialog: {
dialog: |
dialog: {
dialog: 1-47
speaker_heading: BEY (Cont)
dialog: side of the moon I could not be more...
dialog: isolated.
dialog: (A faint dreamy smile)
dialog: You haven't the least idea what I'm talking
dialog: about, have you?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No, Effendi.
text: He has been too quick. For the first time the BEY looks him in the
text: eyes, surprised.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: Have you?
text: LAWRENCE does not reply. The, BEY's eyes film again.
dialog: No, that... that would be too... lucky.
text: He has a quiet fit of coughing which he screens politely behind his
text: gloved left fist. Before it is quite over he reaches out, and, very
text: much as a man opening a parcel, rips LAWRENCE's garment from
text: the shoulder to: the waist. LAWRENCE starts back instinctively into
text: the TWO TURKS who grasp his arms. The THREE OTHERS stand away
text: from the wall a little, as men who will presently be needed.. The BEY
text: unwraps his parcel, stripping LAWRENCE to the waist, and sees his
dialog: scar.
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: Where did you get that?
speaker_heading: / LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh... -
dialog: (grinning helplessly)
dialog: It is old, Effendi.
dialog: (in his confusion he says
dialog: this almost as if they
dialog: wanted to buy it)
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: (examining it, off hand
dialog: and clinical)
dialog: No, no, this is quite recent. You are a deserter.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No, Effendi!
dialog: {y 124
dialog: co
dialog: °
dialog: f
dialog: ®
dialog: 125
dialog: © 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: co
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: Ce 131
dialog: 4
dialog: ©
dialog: ©
dialog: os 132
speaker_heading: Cd
speaker_heading: T1-48
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: Yes, you are a deserter...
dialog: (smiling archly)
dialog: but from which army? Not that it
dialog: matters at all.
dialog: (with strange feeling)
dialog: A man cannot be always in uniform!
text: He removes his right glove and taking LAWRENCE's pectoral
text: muscle ‘between thumb and finger begins to kneed it.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: : BEY
dialog: Your skin is very fair.
scene_heading: QUICK CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE.
scene_heading: QUICK CLOSE SHOT - THE BEY.
scene_heading: Quick CLOSE SHOT - THE TURKS.
text: FLASH SHOT -- LAWRENCE lashes out and kicks the BEY in the groin.
text: FLASH SHOT - THE BEY flies onto his back. /
text: FLASH SHOT - THE SERGEANT dashes his fist into LAWRENCE's face. +
text: CLOSE SHOT - THE BEY getting to his feet; he is breathing hard and
text: in pain, but his face is again controlled and dntroverted; he hesitates,
text: on the verge of going, then says very clearly:
speaker_heading: BEY
dialog: Beat him.
text: He goes through a door near where he has landed, carefully leaving
text: it ajar.
text: (ABOUT WHAT FOLLOWS: The material of the incident is violence;
dialog: there is a danger that it will be seen as nothing;else, that is, that it
dialog: will not make its point. That is my reason for advocating a somewhat
text: ritualistic as against a nerve-storming entry to the sequence. If it
text: “goes over the top" so that the understanding of the audience is
dialog: simply swamped we have failed. )
text: WIDE ANGLE MEDIUM SHOT from this doorway. The SOLDIERS
text: draw a wooden bench from the wall’ to the centre of the room, while
text: the SERGEANT picks up a plain cane from the BEY's desk. Their
dialog: 
dialog: eo
dialog: 
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: TI-49
dialog: Continued
text: attitude is practical, not sinister; and throughout this sequence,
text: frieridly, everyday noises float through the window; a distant dog '
text: barking, and cart going past, a greeting called. '
text: CLOSE SHOT - the SERGEANT shows the cane to LAWRENCE with a
text: significant, querying half-smile, as much as to say ~ "And how do you
dialog: like the prospect of that?"
text: €LOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE the specialist in pain, is relieved that
text: _ unidentified evil has dwindled to such a little thing as this. He raises.
text: his eyebrows and directs at the SERGEANT a look of cold contempt
text: and indifferend¢e,as though at some piece of very bad manners.
text: CLOSE SHOT ~ the SERGEANT is puzzled by a response which, in a+:
text: ‘wide experience, he has not encountered before. He looks at the cane
text: as though there might be some flaw in it, hitherto. unnoticed by himself.
dialog: Then: .
text: MEDIUM SHOT - he looks again at LAWRENCE, now quite intrigued
text: by him. One-handed he gently propels him at the end of it and presses
text: his shoulder, so that he sits astride it, gripping the edges with his
text: hands, his face expressing: a healthy resentment but complete!confidence.
text: MEDIUM SHOT - the SERGEANT nods to the SOLDIERS. Four of them
text: come and with technical skill and some violence - but no superfluous
text: violénce - seize his: wrists and ankles and ‘jerk him face downwards.
text: CLOSE SHOT ~ the.bench.comes up to meet us.
text: MEDIUM SHOT - in profile. LAWRENCE is.on the bench. One
text: SOLDIER has his two wrists and sits on the floor facing him, his
text: feet braced against the legs of the bench pulling on LAWRENCE's
text: arm so that he and LAWRENCE are face to face.
text: CLOSE SHOT - This SOLDIER, who has the wooden and rudimentary
text: features of a domestic animal, grins briefly and significantly at
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE.
text: CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE raises his eyebrows again, very donnish,
dialog: deliberately putting several centuries of superiority and contempt
text: between himself and the MAN.
text: ‘CLOSE SHOT - the MAN .looks blankly at LAWRENCE and up again
text: at the SERGEANT with surprise, and almost with alarm.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147°
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: ‘ TI-50
text: CLOSE SHOT ANGLING UP FROM THIS MAN'S VIEWPOINT.
text: The SERGEANT shrugs, braces his legs and raises the cane.
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT UP INTO LAWRENCE'S FACE. The
text: cane whistles down. LAWRENCE's eyes darken a little and he
text: slightly raises his head, but these are mere reflexes; his expression
text: remains exactly as before.
text: CLOSE SHOT - the SOLDIER again. He looks at LAWRENCE again,
text: puzzled, as a man willlook who draws a bucket from a well which he
text: imows to be full and finds the bucket empty. He looks up again at
text: the SERGEANT.
text: CLOSE SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT.. The SERGEANT settles him-
text: self seriously to the job at hand.
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT UP INTO LAWRENCE'S FACE. The
text: cane again. This time the reflexes are stronger and there is a
text: hint of surprise and dawning alarm in LAWRENCE's eyes.
text: -MEDIUM SHOT - the BEY has appeared in. the half open doorway.
text: He is leaning against the wall with a handkerchief to his mouth
text: listening and waiting. We hear the cane again and heavy breathing.
text: CLOSE SHOT ~ exterior, dusky sunset. ALI in the street outside.
text: The open window of the BEY's working room is an orange rectahgle
text: in the blue-white wall through which the sound: of LAWRENCE's torture
text: comes clearly. Apart from a Turkish flag which flutters in the evening
text: sky, it is a house like others in the narrow street, the rear perhaps.
text: Opposite the doorway the street widens into a small yard with stables.
text: ALI leans stoically against the wall with his arms folded. After two
text: or three strokes he unfolds his arms restlessly, then clasps his hands
text: determinedly. After two or three more he moves away down the
text: street, CAMERA TRACKING before him, the sound diminishing.
text: But so soon as it is inaudible, he halts straining his ears, hesitates,
text: walks back until he can hear it and:
text: MEDIUM SHOT - the door and window. Two more strokes and the
text: noise stops... a pause ... Now the noise of heavy boots... muttered
text: conversation ... a door shutting. .... A single voice says one phrase ....
text: silence. No "reaction" shot of ALI until:
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT - he is walking away again but now swiftly.
text: His face is blank. (But NOT shocked, alarmed, outraged).
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - at the end of the street he has come upon a
text: railway marshalling yard in a wasteland. In the sunset, the rails are
text: dark on the glowing ground. In the middle distance a stationary shunt-
text: ing engine sends up a softly hissing pillar of steam. Nothing else moves.
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: «©
dialog: ©
dialog: ; eon yg
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
speaker_heading: O-51
dialog: Continued
text: CAMERA follows the steam up into the sky which changes from red to
text: dark blue as the steam gives out and the soft hiss ceases.
text: Descending again to ALI we see that it is now fully night and the criss-
text: cross lines now shine light, against the dark, a maze. in the moonlight
text: ALI moves back across them (CAMERA tracking him, the moon's
text: reflection in the:.interlacing lines travels with us, emphasizing ‘the
dialog: equivocation of their changeful directions) to:
text: LONG SHOT POV ALI .down the street. The door of the BEY's room
text: opens throwing.a wedge of light in which four MEN stagger out with
text: something heavy which they pitch into the stable yard and return.
text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE lies on the rubbish heap.
text: Just before the door shuts after them we see, as his body slides
text: downwards, what they have done to him.
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT - his senseless hand dragging through the
text: rubbish. Snow flakes settle. We hear soft running footsteps and:
text: CLOSE SHOT ~ ALI throws himself by his friend. He turns ~
text: LAWRENCE's face towards him, staring fiercely. LAWRENCE
text: slowly turns his head away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: LONG SHOT - DAWN Two CAMEL RIDERS make their way through .
text: a snowy landscape.
text: MEDIUM SHOT - one of them is a shapeless:. bundle of clothing
text: jerking passively to the motion of the beast. The other is ALI
text: who has bestowed some of his clothing on his friend.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: CLOSE SHOT - inside the fort. Night. LAWRENCE lies on his
text: side, on a rough bed, staring into a little fire. ALI stands over him.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (brusquely)
dialog: Sleep!
text: REVERSE SHOT - shodting over LAWRENCE (we see the top of his
text: back, bandaged) at ALI. He repeats:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Sleep!
dialog: 
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: 
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: -52
text: CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE as before, eyes ‘wide open.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: The same. Day. LAWRENCE is sitting, well wrapped; witha
text: tin billy of rice and meat. He puts it down.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: . Eat!
text: LAWRENCE frowns slightly, makes no other response: Anxious
text: and exasperated, ALI crouches by him, picks up the billy.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: -Eat!
dialog: (he hisses)
dialog: You have a body, like other men.
text: For the first time, LAWRENCE responds properly; he attends to
text: ALI's words, takes the billy and begins to eat. ALI, mollified:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Good. Then sleep.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: The same. Night. LAWRENCE: is sitting up in the "bed" his weight
text: supported on his arms behind his back, blinking; mildly.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Better?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Much better. You were right.
text: He throws back the covers. ALI extends an arm. With admiring
dialog: impatience:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Rest, rest. Can you not learn?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (looks athim. Quietly)
dialog: Dh I've learnt all right.
text: (crouching painfully, he
text: draws his robe towards him)
dialog: I'm going, Ali.
dialog: I-53
dialog: OQ 163 Continued ;
dialog: 'C
text: ‘ We see that this confirms a fear of ALI's, commences a struggle
text: : he has feared. He goes quite still. Then; sharply: ’
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: .Why?
speaker_heading: i LAWRENCE
dialog: (inserting arm into robe)
dialog: "Why?" Heavens... '
text: (he lets his voice trail
dialog: ‘© away expressively)
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (barks, dangerous)
dialog: ) Why?
speaker_heading: Cc
speaker_heading: : LAWRENCE
text: 3 (not off-hand; but quiet, .
dialog: because he is trying to give
dialog: truthful answers)
dialog: i've come to the endvof myself. I suppose.
speaker_heading: - ALI
dialog: (harsh)
dialog: And the end of the Arab Revolt.
speaker_heading: & LAWRENCE
dialog: (mild protest) :
dialog: I'm not the Arab Revolt, Ali.
dialog: (with the first surface feeling)
dialog: : I'm not even an Arab.
dialog: 4 d
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: . (immediate)
dialog: - "A man can be whatever he wants."
dialog: You said.
speaker_heading: 0 _ LAWRENCE
dialog: I'm sorry. I thought it was true.
speaker_heading: i - ALT
dialog: . You proved it!
text: LAWRENCE suddenly takes his own pectoral muscle between finger
text: and thumb (SHOT to echo the BEY as nearly as may be) and speaks,
text: still quietly, but rapidly, with total conviction: :
dialog: }
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ido
speaker_heading: iO
dialog: 
dialog: 163 Continued
dialog: 0-54
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Look Ali. Look. That's me! What colour
dialog: is it?
dialog: (he releases the fold of
dialog: pure white flesh)
dialog: ... That's me; and there's nothing I can
dialog: do about it.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: "A man can do whatever he wants."
dialog: You said.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (pause. Then)
dialog: He can. But.
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: - He can't wast, what he wants.
dialog: (he touches his own
dialog: . flesh again)
dialog: This is the stuff that decides what he wants.
text: -ALI stares at him. He gets a stage farther in dressing. Stops,
text: braces himself, taking in the BEDOUIN who have. filled the wall opening
dialog: and are watching and listening, and:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: You may. as well know. I would have told
dialog: them anything. I would have told them who
dialog: Iam. I would have told them where you are,
dialog: I tried to.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (gently)
dialog: And so would any man.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Well. Any man is whatIlam. I'm going
dialog: back to Allenby to ask him for a job that any
dialog: man can do.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Allenby is in Jerusalem.
speaker_heading: . LAWRENCE
dialog: I'll make easy stages.
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: !
dialog: '
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: iC
dialog: 
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: I-55
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Oh yes. Easy stages.
text: (seeing ALI's darkly
text: troubled face, he goes
dialog: to him)
dialog: Look, Ali, I think I see a way of being...
dialog: just... ordinarily ... happy.
text: ALI knows he is going and can't or won't answer. LAWRENCE picks
text: up a huge sheepskin cape and hood.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Can I takethis?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (harsh, almost sneering:)
dialog: It is not ‘clean’. :
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (laughs at an old folly)
text: No. but‘it’s warm.
text: With his stiffened back he cannot get it on. ALI assists . him and we
text: see them in CLOSE TWO SHOT, the BEDOUIN behind.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: And these? Having led them here have
dialog: you no care for them?
text: This toubhes LAWRENCE. But he is strong in his new understanding.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: You lead them. They're yours.
text: He calls, not looking at them:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Trust your own people!
text: And adds to ALI, drawing away, with more than a hint of beseeching,
text: so that the last note of ‘this scene is tender and expectant:
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BO
dialog: >
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
speaker_heading: Tl-56
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: And let me go back to mine...
speaker_heading: ~ cuT
text: CLOSE UF: By way of answer the screen is filled with shining brass
text: and brass music crashes onto the SOUND TRACK. The brassdraws
text: away revealing itself as a TUBA, in full blast, blown by an ARMY
text: BANDSMAN in undress uniform, and that this BANDSMAN is one of
text: some DOZEN, all of whom are marching in step blowing lustily. They
text: form the brass section of a MILITARY BAND at practice. -
text: LONG SHOT. An improvised parade ground beyond which are the domes
text: and minarets of Jerusalem. The band, led by a DRUM MAJOR marches
text: in the near foreground while tin the background a SMALL FIGURE
text: in British Officer's uniform makes its way across the open space. The
text: DRUM MAJOR signals smartly with his ornamented baton and the band
text: begins to counter-march.
text: MEDIUM SHOT - TWO or THREE SOLDIERS in collarless shirts,
text: braces and khaki trousers are playing with a football.. A goal post
text: has been rigged up by hanging a rope between two pillars. The
text: SOLDIERS on the parade ground are potting at the GOALKEEPER
text: between the pillars. We now see that the figure in British Officer's
text: - uniform is LAWRENCE. - He walks easily through the scene, although
text: his shoulders are held awkwardly, and his features are more relaxed
text: than we have ever seenthem. He smiles at the FOOTBALLERS as he
text: passes them but they do not notice him. The band music continues.
scene_heading: EXT. JERUSALEM HEADQUARTERS. (SEVILLE LOCATION)
text: MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE ‘is walking away from CAMERA towards
text: the main gateway :to ALLENBY'S H.Q. The gateway is guarded by
text: two BRITISH SENTRIES who spring to attention. AS LAWRENCE is abo.
text: to return their salute the football bounces into picture and rolls after
text: LAWRENCE, coming to a stop by his side. He stops, and kicks it
text: back neatly in the direction from which it came.
scene_heading: EXT. JERUSALEM (JORDAN)
text: MEDIUM SHOT - the FOOTBALLERS. The GOALKEEPER traps the
text: ball under his foot, while the other 2 PLAYERS acknowledge LAWRENCE':
text: gesture by a friendly wave of the hand.
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: Co
dialog: 171
speaker_heading: NLA
dialog: Og
speaker_heading: TI-57
scene_heading: EXT. JERUSALEM. H.G. (SEVILLE. LOCATION)
text: MEDIUM SHOT - LAWRENCE. He returns the waves and goes on
text: through the gate saluting the two GRINNING SENTRIES as. he does so.
text: LONG SHOT. An open courtyard with pillars, jasmin and orange
text: trees. Small groups of OFFICERS sit on the low wall among the
text: greenery. One pair plays chess. And individual is absorbed in a
text: book. Another group vanishes indoors leaving behind it the sound of
text: laughter. In the centre of the courtyard through which LAWRENCE
text: is walking is a big Rolls Royce being polished and washed by two
text: N.C.O. 's in shirtsleeves. As LAWRENCE passes these groups he
text: looks at them, hot wistfully or pleadingly, but pleased to be among
text: them, unaware that his uniform is a totally inadequate disguise
text: for his inborn strangeness, that he is set apart at a glance. One of
text: the CHESS PLAYERS - who are in the foreground of picture - looks
text: up, recognises him and draws the attention of the other to him with
text: some excitement. Evidently he has.a reputation. LAWRENCE
text: has seen the look and acknowledges it with a half smile. The band
text: music has mutated to the English theme at its most nostalgic and
text: pastoral. The CAMERA PANS with LAWRENCE and we see doors
text: with notices proclaiming their secure and ordered occupants: "Signals.
text: Forward area." "Transport’ (Mechanized)j' "Brigadier T.H. Smith,
text: D.S.O." A door opens releasing a clatter of typewriters. A
text: SERGEANT with a pencil behind his ear is arrested in his walk by
text: a voice from within.
speaker_heading: : VOICE (off)
dialog: And get me those P stroke fives, Bill.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Right!
text: He nearly bumps into LAWRENCE who essays a brief nod and
text: smile (quite dignified, not sychophantic) but the SERGEANT, in the
text: manner of busy clerical men, is too preoccupied to respond as he
text: makes of briskly towards the other side of the courtyard. We hear
text: the incredible tones of the English upper-middle-class on the
text: SOUND TRACK. LAWRENCE's face lights up.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Hey!
text: CLOSE SHOT - the SECRETARY and CAPTAIN, carrying papers,
text: their faces correct, are.entering a gateway leading to.an inner
text: courtyard. They turn as they see LAWRENCE who runs up to them
text: eagerly from behind.
dialog: ‘o
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TI-58
dialog: 171 Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Mind if I join you?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Oh!
dialog: (smiling with straight-
dialog: forward courtesy)
dialog: Honoured, sir.
text: The CAMERA TRACKS with the THREE as they walk across the inner
text: courtyard: For a moment they walk in silence, LAWRENCE looking
text: ahead and fidgeting with his uniform, the CAPTAIN casting sidelong
text: curious glances at him.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Jolly good to be back.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (as before)
dialog: We heardyouwere, sir.
dialog: (pleasantly deferential)
dialog: What's doing out there?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: {after a pause)
dialog: Where?
text: It is a misconceived attempt to disassociate himself from his reputation,
text: but it is taken for false modesty.. The SECRETARY purses his lips.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: -Oh, erm... Arabia?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Well yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (looking away)
dialog: Oh, nothing much.
dialog: (he has made it worse, and
dialog: adds desperately)
dialog: Wrong time of yeari.
text: The CAPTAINS exchange a glance, SECRETARY raising his eyebrows.
speaker_heading: Tl-59
dialog: Cc CO 171. Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: What's doing here? -
speaker_heading: © SECRETARY
dialog: (comfortably)
dialog: We're settling in, sir. We've built a
dialog: squash court.
speaker_heading: ® LAWRENCE
dialog: ec
dialog: | Nd 178
dialog: Oh jolly good.
text: The CAMERA PANS with them as they walk on into a MEDIUM SHOT
text: at the other side of the inner courtyard. LAWRENCE thinks desperately
text: but can think of nothing to say until they reach an open archway with
text: a notice pointing upwards reading, "General Officer Commanding."
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Well I have to go up there.
text: They come to a standstill, the CAPTAINS looking at LAWRENCE.
text: He looks back at them defensively, and checks the buttons of his
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: . LAWRENCE
text: It's borrowed. Someone seems to have
dialog: pinched mine.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (with the automatic
dialog: viciousness of the colon)
text: Bloody wogs.
text: For perhaps half. a second LAWRENCE's face goes stony. But he
text: is starving for humble pie. He smiles painfully.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes, probably. Jolly good about the
dialog: squash court.
text: The SECRETARY nods preparatory to leaving. LAWRENCE nods back.
text: The CAPTAINS move off along the outer wall while LAWRENCE turns
dialog: inside.
text: REVERSE CLOSE SHOT - the CAMERA PANS with LAWRENCE as he
text: leaves the archway. A few steps. bring him level with a window-like
dialog: 0
dialog: Cy 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: oS
dialog: II-60
dialog: Continued
text: opening in the wall looking out over the courtyard. The two
text: CAPTAINS are walking past on the other side.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Lays it on a bit. thick doesn't he?
text: LAWRENCE pauses looking after them as they disappear. The old
text: familiar look of defensive contempt appears for a second, but almost
text: as though it were something tahgible.he plucks it from his face and
text: walks on out of picture leaving a SHOT OF THE WINDOW with the
text: courtyard below.
text: MEDIUM. SHOT - the CAMERA is shooting up a stone staircase.
text: LAWRENCE climbs the last few steps to the top, turns the corner on
text: to an upper landing, and disappears from view as BENTLEY enters
text: the foreground of picture and hurries up the steps two at a time.
text: MEDIUM: SHOT - LAWRENCE opens a glass doorway leading off an
text: open corridor on the first floor. The CAMERA PANS with him
text: into a LONG SHOT of a stone-walled room. It is the outer ring
text: of ALLENBY's defence works. Two or three CLERKS work at desks,
dialog: among them the R. 8. M.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Morning!
text: The R.S.M. looks up indifferently, sees who it is, and promptly
text: rises smiling. Evidently LAWRENCE is a hero.
dialog: R.S.M.
dialog: Good morning, sir!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (passing on through the
dialog: office)
dialog: It's nice to be back.
dialog: R.S.M.
dialog: {roguishly)
dialog: I'll believe you,. sir.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No, really it is.
text: He opens a door at the far end.
text: Across it, walking at a fast pace, comes BENTLEY.
dialog: , I-61
dialog: ,
text: ») 175 MEDIUM SHOT - the penultimate room. BRIGHTON stands in
text: iQ” foreground of picture, turns as LAWRENCE enters.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ' BRIGHTON
dialog: ’ You're to go right in.
speaker_heading: The CAMERA
text: Oo LAWRENCE passes swiftly through with a friendly wave.
text: CENTRES on BRIGHTON. From the sympathetic warmth of tone and
text: the keenness with which he regards him we see that LAWRENCE's
text: behavior has already aroused anxiety. He follows LAWRENCE with his
text: eyes. There is the SOUND of a door opening.
text: 'S 176 CLOSE SHOT - the door. (From inside ALLENBY's room)
text: LAWRENCE enters. He stops short, his face blank. The English
text: theme ends abruptly on a barbaric dissonance of cymbals.
text: 177 MEDIUM SHOT -a figure in full Arab regalia is more or less
text: oO silhouetted against an open archway letting out on to a sunny terrace
text: , over-looking a garden. As the:reverberations of the cymbals die
text: away. this figure turns and we see it is FEISAL, and that ALLENBY
text: and DRYDEN are also present. The CAMERA PANS with FEISAL as
text: he walks towards LAWRENCE smiling courteously.
speaker_heading: eo FEISAL
dialog: (sponteneous pleasure)
dialog: M Aurens!
text: , He joins LAWRENCE in CLOSE SHOT and seizes him by the hand,
text: © but as he does so the glow fades from his face and is replaced by
text: sadness and suspicion.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: or is it Major Lawrence?
dialog: i
speaker_heading: / LAWRENCE
dialog: (saluting: formally)
dialog: Sir.
text: 178 CLOSE SHOT - ALLENBY and DRYDEN. Their eyes on LAWRENCE.
dialog: ©
scene_heading: 129 CLOSE SHOT - FEISAL and LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (dropping his hand)
text: ) The CAMERA PANS with FEISAL as he leaves LAWRENCE and moves
text: towards ALLENBY and DRYDEN.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Tl-62
dialog: 179 Continued
speaker_heading: . FEISAL
dialog: Well I will leave you, General. Major
text: Lawrence doubtless has reports to make.
text: He goes towards a glass door leading directly out on to the open
text: ¢orridor, but pauses to deliver his salvoes.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: About my people; and their wealmess.
dialog: And the need to keep them weak. In the
dialog: British interest.
dialog: (by the door)
dialog: The French interest too of course, we
dialog: mustn't forget the French, now.
text: 180 CLOSE UP - ALLENBY. He is exasperated.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: I've told you, sir no such treaty exists.
scene_heading: 181 CLOSE UP FEISAL
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Yes, General, you have lied most bravely,
dialog: But not convincingly. I know this treaty.
dialog: does exist.
scene_heading: 182 CLOSE UP LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Treaty, sir?
scene_heading: 183 CLOSE SHOT - FEISAL
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: He does it better than you, General.
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: But then of course - he's almost an
dialog: Arab,
text: He sweeps out through the door.
text: 184 CLOSE SHOT - LAWRENCE. There isa silence. He looks from
text: the door to ALLENBY and DRYDEN..
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I-63
scene_heading: 185 MEDIUM SHOT ALLENBY, LAWRENCE and DRYDEN. DRYDEN
text: looks curiously and keenly at LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: You really don't know?
text: LAWRENCE spreads his hands to demonstrate complete incomprehen~
text: sion but he is already looking concerned.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Then what the devils this?
text: He holds up a paper scrumpled in his fist.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (his tone is one of total
text: exhaustion in a thin
dialog: shell of correctness)
dialog: It's my request for release from Arabia,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: For what reason!
dialog: (suspicious )
dialog: Are you sure you haven't heard of the
dialog: Sykes-Picot Treaty?
scene_heading: 186 CLOSE SHOT LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No.
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Ican guess,
scene_heading: 187 CLOSE SHOT ALLENBY and DRYDEN
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Don't guess.
speaker_heading: (to DRYDEN)
dialog: Tell him.
text: DRYDEN steeples his fingers delicately.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Well now, Mr. Sykes is an English Civil
dialog: Serveant and Monsieur Picot is a French
speaker_heading: I-64
dialog: 187 Continued
speaker_heading: DRYDEN (cont)
dialog: Civil Servant. Mr. Sykes and Monsieur
dialog: Picot met. And they agreed that, after the
dialog: war, France and England should share the
dialog: Turkish Empire. Including Arabia. They
dialog: signed an agreement - :
text: (he glances at
speaker_heading: ALLENBY)
dialog: 7 notatreaty, sir, an Agreement --- to that
dialog: effect.
scene_heading: 188 CLOSE SHOT LAWRENCE
dialog: “
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: There may be honour among thieves but
dialog: there's none in politicians.
scene_heading: 189 CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY and DRYDEN
dialog: 190
dialog: igi
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (when, as now, he is stung,
dialog: he is quite deadly) :
dialog: And let's have no displays of indignation.
dialog: You may not have known, but you certainly’
dialog: had suspicions.
text: He rises and walks away towards the archway over-looking the garden.
dialog: If we've told lies you've told half-lies ...
dialog: And a man who tells lies -~- like me ---
text: merely hides the truth.
dialog: (softly)
text: But a man who tells half-lies ... has forgotten
dialog: where he put it.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Right. But I met a man the other day; who
dialog: showed me where it was. The truth is I'm
dialog: an ordinary man. You might have told me
dialog: that, Dryden.
scene_heading: MEDIUM: SHOT. OVER LAWRENCE on to ALLENBY and DRYDEN
text: DRYDEN looks at him, curiously and cautiously. LAWRENCE turns to
text: ALLENBY and says with a change of tone, officially but with an under-
text: tone of threat almost, anticipating opposition:
dialog: ce 192
dialog: 193
dialog: o
dialog: 1-65
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: bod 191 Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: And I want an ordinary job, sir. That's my
dialog: reason for resigning.
text: ALLENBY wrinkles his face irritably and grunts interrogatively,
text: and LAWRENCE raises his voice by a desperate little physical effort.
dialog: It's... personal!
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: (softly and irritably.
speaker_heading: as though LAWRENCE
dialog: was not speaking clearly)
dialog: Personal?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (starting quietly but
text: incredulous indignation
dialog: _ breaking through) .
dialog: Personal? You're a Serving Officer in the
dialog: Field! And as it happens a damned important
dialog: one! Personal? Are you mad?
text: CLOSE UP LAWRENCE. HE is sweating and every muscle in his
text: body is rigid, andhis voice comes high and strained.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No, and if you don't mind I'd rather not
dialog: go mad! That's my reason too!
text: CLOSE SHOT ALLENBY has his own strains and he leaps from
text: his chair, the CAMERA PANNING with him to the window on the opposi':
text: side of the room from DRYDEN. He stands silently, his back to
text: CAMERA, making and effort to contain himself.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Look Lawrence ..
scene_heading: 194 CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: : ALLENBY (off)
dialog: -.- on the 16th April I'm making my big
dialog: push on Damascus. And you're part of
dialog: it.
dialog: 
dialog: C) 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: I-66
text: CLOSE UP. ALLENBY. He turns to face LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (explasive)
dialog: Can you understand that? You're an
dialog: important part of the big push!
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE. He-is shaking and as he pumps out
text: each separated word he jerks his clenched fists up and down at
dialog: his sides.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I-- don't ~~ want to be -- part of your --
dialog: big push! .
text: CLOSE UP. DRYDEN. He has been looking away out into the
text: garden, but now he turns his head slowly to look at the two men.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (off)
dialog: And what about your Arab friends? What
dialog: about them?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE (off)
dialog: I have -~ no -- Arab friends! I don't
dialog: want Arab friends!
text: DRYDEN's eyes widen and he stares.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. From DRYDEN's point ot view we see LAWRENCE's
text: back in the foreground of picture with ALLENBY standing facing
text: him at the window in the background. Regular streaks of blood
text: have appeared across the back of LAWRENCE's too tight jacket.
text: He has opened the wounds of his flogging.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (more quietly)
dialog: What in hell do you want, Lawrence?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quieter)
dialog: I've told you; I just want my ration of common
dialog: humanity.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN (off)
dialog: (carefully offhand but very
dialog: clear)
dialog: Lawrence.
dialog: fn
dialog: we
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: -67
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Yes?
text: ALLENBY sees what DRYDEN has seen.
text: CLOSE SHOT DRYDEN. He sees that ALLENBY has seen.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: No, nothing, sorry I interrupted, sir.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE in foreground, ALLENBY in
text: background. LAWRENCE, wary and puzzled, turns back to
text: ALLENBY who moves forward towards him with an utter change
text: of tone, shocked but thinking furiously.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Quite all right... er. Thank you, Mr
dialog: Dryden.
text: DRYDEN crosses picture as he goes swiftly towards the door to
text: BRIGHTON's office.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: ALLENBY takes LAWRENCE by the arm and propels him towards
text: the archway leading on to the terrace.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: ‘Er, why don't we... ?
text: The CAMERA PANS with them. We see DRYDEN shutting the door
text: in the background.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (quickly and discreetly)
dialog: Your back's covered with blood.
text: LAWRENCE's hand flies up behind his back. ALLENBY continues,
text: sympathetic but with a calm which is complimentary to LAWRENCE.
dialog: D'you want a doctor?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No.
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
speaker_heading: I-68
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: (after a quick glance at his
dialog: face to check his condition,
dialog: seriously)
dialog: Well tell me what's happened.
text: They go through on to the TERRACE where there are chairs,
text: asmall table, drinks, magazines and newspapers.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT. The ORDERLY ROOM. BENTLEY, watched
text: contemptuously by the R.S.M, and ORDERLIES, is trying quite
text: openly, and indifferent to their opinion, to hear at the door of
text: BRIGHTON'S OFFICE. This is opened suddenly by DRYDEN.
text: His face is shocked and gloomy and he takes no more notice of
text: BENTLEY than if he were a waste paper basket.
text: CLOSE SHOT. DRYDEN and BENTLEY in the foreground;
text: BRIGHTON seen through the open door in the background. He is
text: staring at DRYDEN, shocked and anxious.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Shall I get a doctor?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: A doctor? No.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (rather fearfully)
dialog: Will I be wanted?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: No, Harry. Not you...
text: DRYDEN closes the door.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Say, what goes on in there?
text: DRYDEN commences to walk away from him.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Nothing.
text: BENTLEY follows.
dialog: e 202
dialog: &O
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TI-69
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
text: (briskly, dismissing
dialog: the formalities of
dialog: discretion)
dialog: Ah come on.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (with an exaggerated
dialog: insouciance which isn't
dialog: meant to be believed)
dialog: No really, nothing at all.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Is the man in trouble?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (BENTLEY's question has
dialog: come near the quick of his
text: feelings; his face is a shade
text: less bland as he murmurs
dialog: lightly)
dialog: Oh I expect so. We're all in trouble. Life!
dialog: a vale of troubles.
text: BENTLEY overtakes him round a desk and bars his way, adopting
text: a coaxing tone of voice to mitigate the offensiveness of it, but not
text: budging.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Just tell me if the man's in trouble. I've
dialog: got an interest in the man. I've got a claim.
speaker_heading: _ DRYDEN
dialog: (cold, contemptuous
dialog: and sharp)
dialog: What claim?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (deprecating shrug)
dialog: You've read my stuff -- I've made that boy
dialog: a hero.
dialog: (as one who advances
dialog: a righteous claim)
dialog: When the war's over that boy can be anything
dialog: he wants!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TI-70
dialog: 202 Continued
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (trying to side-step BENTLEY,
dialog: who foils him)
dialog: Yes; well at the moment he wants to be
dialog: somebody else.
dialog: (suddenly incensed)
dialog: Will you kindly allow me to pass?
text: BENTLEY does so, but, lounging deliberately, speaks deliberately
text: after him.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Walk away, Dryden, walk away. Always
dialog: walking away, aren't you? :
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
text: (at the door, caught
dialog: unprepared for the
dialog: penetration of this,
text: frowns a little, hesitates)
dialog: Well, I'll tell you. It's a little clash of temp-
text: eraments that's going on in there. Inevitably.
text: One of them's half mad.
dialog: (he had intended to finish
dialog: there but adds)
dialog: And the other -- wholly wmscrupulous.
text: He reaches the door and goes out into the sunlight.
text: 203 MEDIUM SHOT. THE. TERRACE outside ALLENBY'S OFFICE.
text: LAWRENCE is seated in a chair. ALLENBY leaning against a
text: pillar, his bottom on the terrace railing.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: ++. Yes. Well you've had a glimpse of the
dialog: pit.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No, a glimpse. of sanity.
dialog: . (hard)
dialog: And I'm not going back.
text: There is a short pause. LAWRENCE's eyes are on the General's
text: epaulettes. ALLENBY notices the look, glances at his crowns and
text: crossed .swords,, and begins to unbutton his jacket.
dialog: 
dialog: + 203
speaker_heading: I-71
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: You won't go mad, Lawrence.
dialog: (quite indifferently)
dialog: You've got an iron mind.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Oh no.
dialog: (but he is pleased)
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Oh yes.. And here’s another thing. When
dialog: you ask for "common humanity" you're crying
dialog: for the moon. Common humanity's the one
dialog: thing you can't have.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: There's nothing else.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: There is, for one man every hundred years
dialog: or so.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (sceptical, but we can
dialog: just see the poison beginning
dialog: to work)
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (taking off his jacket)
dialog: Yes, I think so.
text: (Again he is careful to keep his voice matter-of-fact, as though this
dialog: were some small technical judgement he had just made. )
text: ALLENBY puts his jacket over the back of an empty chair, and
text: from this point on he adopts the tone used between equals and friends,
dialog: and friends of such long standing ‘that they can even afford to be
text: brusque. He regards his jacket, chucklinga little ruefully.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Isn't that funny, I feel quite naked.
text: He busies himself collecting cigar,cutter, matches from the table.
dialog: 
dialog: © 203°
speaker_heading: I-72
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: And that's the difference. I'm a leader
dialog: because someone pins crowns on me.
dialog: You're a leader, :
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: because God made you one I suppose.
dialog: There's nothing you can do about it.
text: ALLENBY sits and seems totally preoccupied with the condition of
text: his cigar. LAWRENCE does not answer but looks at him suspicious,
text: flattered, comforted, above all longing to accept the paternal embrace
text: that seems to be offered.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (quite idly)
dialog: You write poems don't you?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes
speaker_heading: ‘ALLENBY
dialog: Any good?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No. Bad.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (nods sympathetically)
dialog: Hard luck.
text: LAWRENCE is a little amused and quite surprised by the degree
text: of understanding ALLENBY assumes.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: It's not a matter of luck.
speaker_heading: : ALLENBY
dialog: ‘Course it is.
text: (he settles back
dialog: comfortably)
dialog: I grow dahlias myself.
text: Apparently on impulse he takes from the table a photo of his house
text: and offspring. He peers at it, pointing out a patch of cabbagy flowers
text: in the background.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: There.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: I-73
dialog: 1° 203 Continued
text: Together they study the photo. ALLENBY never looks once at his
text: victim, seems innocently absorbed in the subject of the conversation.
text: He pauses as he replaces the photo, and smiles.
dialog: 9°
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: That's my lad. You must come and see us,
dialog: ree ' afterwards.
speaker_heading: © _ LAWRENCE
text: (he hesitates cautiously,
dialog: but says)
dialog: I'd like to.
text: And it is almost like a physical object he has handed to ALLENBY --
text: © the keys of his citadel.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: I've got good soil, good compost, I buy
dialog: good plants. And I'm a conscientious
dialog: 6S gardener. But don't have the luck to
dialog: ‘ be a good one.. So
dialog: (he grins)
dialog: : I'm a gardening sort of general. Most
dialog: . generals are. But there have been poet
dialog: © generals. Xenophon was one. Hannibal
dialog: ... Nelson was the last. I think you're
dialog: another...
speaker_heading: : LAWRENCE
dialog: (his tone sceptical
text: a but his smile tremulous
dialog: and reproachful)
dialog: Nelson, and me?
text: He is asking ALLENBY to be merciful.
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: © That's an extraordinary thing to say to
dialog: : a man.
dialog: nn)
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Not to an extraordinary man it isn't.
dialog: 
dialog: Oo
dialog: 
dialog: 203 Continued
dialog: He makes this statement very deliberate.
speaker_heading: I-74
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (thrusting it away
dialog: from him)
dialog: No. No.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (remorselessly matter-
dialog: of-fact)
dialog: You must Imow it?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (almost desperately)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: (in his cunning adopts a
dialog: tone of irritation)
dialog: Look, Lawrence, I've taken those things
dialog: off --
dialog: (rubs his shoulder)
dialog: -- and I don't feel happy without them.
dialog: I believe your name will be a household
dialog: word when you'd have to go to the War
dialog: Museum to find who Allenby was.
text: His voice now becomes
text: low, confidential, but very steady; it is temptation incarnate.
scene_heading: 204 CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (off)
dialog: You are the most extraordinary man I
dialog: ever met.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quick and low)
dialog: -- leave me alone --
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (off)
dialog: (quick and sharp)
dialog: --What?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quick and low)
dialog: -- Leave me alone.
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
speaker_heading: I-75
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY over LAWRENCE. After a pause, ALLENBY
text: shrugs, and the CAMERA PANS with him as he rises and moves away
text: with feigned hostility, turning his back looking out over the garden,
text: the very image of a disappointed father.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: That's a feeble thing to say. No wonder
dialog: your poetry's bad.”
text: CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE looks at ALLENBY's back longingly. He '
text: hesitates and is lost. He prevaricates:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I know I'm not ordinary...
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (off)
dialog: (short)
dialog: That's not what I'm saying.
text: Suddenly LAWRENCE's immobility flies apart. He is thrown about
text: in his chair by muscular stresses ~- much as 2 man might respond
text: to a thumbscrew -~ and he cries out:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: All right I'm extraordinary! I'm
dialog: extraordinary!
text: His tone in saying this is as though he were saying, “All right I've
text: got cancer!" A tone of desperate lament... But then abruptly having
text: accepted it, he freezes again and looking at ALLENBY he says in
text: avery different tone quietly mocking, from a superior knowledge.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: What of it?
text: CLOSE UP. ALLENBY. He is now looking at LAWRENCE, but has
text: not yet caught the reversal of their positions.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (gravely and kindly)
dialog: Not many people have a destiny. Lawrence.
dialog: A terrible thing for a man, to funk it,
dialog: if he has.
text: MEDIUM.SHOT. ALLENBY walks back towards his chair.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (almost smiling with
dialog: a little cold smile)
dialog: Are you speaking from experience?
speaker_heading: C 208
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: 0-76
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (caught in mid-air --
dialog: he sits)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: You're guessing then.
text: ALLENBY is nonplussed and begins to be uneasy. LAWRENCE says
text: in a deadly voice.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Suppose you're wrong.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
text: (briskly scrambles over
dialog: his unease)
dialog: Why suppose that? We both know I'm
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: After all, it's ---
text: LAWRENCE interrupts him rising from his chair and walking a few
text: paces along the terrace where he stands in an archway his back to
dialog: the General.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I said, yes.
text: ALLENBY watches him, cautiously. He turns. He addresses
text: ALLENBY quite politely but not looking at him, as though he were
text: a subordinate.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: April the 16th.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Yes. Can you doit. I'll give you a lot
dialog: of money.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (still not looking)
dialog: Artillery?
dialog: _ 1-77
dialog: 208 Continued
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: T can't.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (now looking at him)
dialog: They won't be coming for money, the best
dialog: of them. They'll be coming for Damascus.
dialog: (very steadily)
dialog: Which I'm going to give them.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY looking up at LAWRENCE from his chair.
text: He blinks, but recovers immediately.
speaker_heading: : ALLENBY
dialog: That's all I want.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: All you want is someone holding down. the
dialog: Turkish Right. But I'm going to give them
dialog: Damascus. We'll get there before you do.
dialog: And when they've got it, they'll keep it.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE (off)
dialog: You can tell the politicians to burn their
dialog: bit of paper, now.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (spuriously boisterous)
dialog: Fair enough!
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. He looks away from ALLENBY and
text: speaks almost idly, throwing his pearls for ALLENBY to pick up if
dialog: he can.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: "Fair". What's "fair" got to do with it?
dialog: It's going to happen...
text: (looking at him again,
dialog: quite brisk and matter
dialog: of fact)
dialog: I shall want quite a lot of money.
dialog: c
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
speaker_heading: T-78
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (off)
dialog: All there is!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Not that much.
text: He leaves the courtyard and walks towards the CAMERA, looming
text: up in the frame against the background of a fresco on the wall.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: The best of them won't come for money.
text: He is now in BIG CLOSE UP. His lip quivers slightly and his eyes
dialog: glow.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: They'll come for me...
text: LONG SHOT. Angling down the ARAB ARMY ASSEMBLED. They are
text: in two long lines, very well ordered. In front of their men the
text: Sheiks either sit their beasts or stand beside them ready to mount,
text: their Standard Bearers behind them. The camels are kneeling, their
text: riders ready. The HORSEMAN nearest CAMERA look off (past
text: CAMERA) stiffens, standing in his stirrups. He raises his voice in
text: a shrill cry.
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT. Over the level land something is approaching.
text: LONG SHOT. Angling down the Army as before. With murmurous
text: excitement camels rear up, horsemen mount, all together so that
text: the whole line rises in one movement. At the far end of the corridor
text: formed by the lines are two isolated horsemen, and a van with a
text: man on the roof drives out and joins them. (About this van: it is
text: a civilian, not an army vehicle - something Bentley has begged,
dialog: borrowed or stolen. I would even say it should have lettering: "T.I.
dialog: Mkapolous and Son, Gordon St., Alexandria, Finest Fresh Breads
dialog: Delivered". It is vital in this scene to signal to the audience that we
text: are not offering magnificence in lieu of a properly controlled finale,
dialog: like a Charlton Heston Sampson and Delilah, that we the film-makers
dialog: do not take it at face value. Bentley is the vitalizing point of disturb-
dialog: ance in this epic atmosphere which he will enrich, not destroy, if we
text: use him bodily. Nothing like a streak of low comedy running through
text: a scene of high drama - vide the late William Shakespeare. )
text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT. The man on the roof is BENTLEY, with a
text: tripod camera. The two horsemen are ALI and AUDA.
dialog: Oo
dialog: 216 Continued
dialog: 01-79
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: No pictures! You take no pictures of us!
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: It's not for you Sheik Auda, it's for Major
dialog: Lawrence; he doesn't mind having his
dialog: picture taken.
dialog: (he adds for ALI’s benefit)
dialog: He doesn't. mind at all.
text: AUDA knows this is true and he regards it as a fault. He removes
text: himself from this offensive man a few yards, grumbling:
dialog: . , AUDA
dialog: Well... There is only one Aurens...
text: And staring keenly off towards:
text: 217 LONG SHOT. As for 214 but the moving object is now seen to be
text: a bunch of camel men, riding rapidly, a white figure among them.
scene_heading: 218 MEDIUM SHOT. BENTLEY and ALI. BENTLEY ostensibly busies
text: himself with his camera, says lightly:
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: You, erm, met Major Lawrence since he
dialog: came back, Sherif?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Yes. ‘
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Changed, hasn't he?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (loyally)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Oh I'd say he had. Different man, I'd
dialog: say.
text: 219 LONG SHOT. Exactly as for 214 and 217 but we can now recognise
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: 220 BENTLEY and ALI, as before.
dialog: 220 Continued
dialog: II-80
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: What did that Turkish General do to him,
dialog: in Deraa?_
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (fighting down his own
dialog: fear, with . anger) :
dialog: He was the same man after Deraa... the
dialog: same man humbled!
dialog: “(the humbleness was an
dialog: added virtue evidently)
dialog: What did the English General do to him, in
dialog: Jerusalem?
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: (amused and pleased by
dialog: ALI's percipience)
dialog: Seach me. Ask Aurens.
text: 221 LONG SHOT as for 214, 217, 219, but now LAWRENCE and his group
text: are nearly at the entrance to the corridor.
text: 222 BENTLEY and ALI, as before.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: He laughed ... He told me to gather the
dialog: Harith, here... He offered me money.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
text: (chirpily ignoring ALI's .deep
dialog: and apprehensive tone)
dialog: D'you take it?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: No. But many did.
text: 223 MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and his BODYGUARD ride
text: between the ranks.
text: (On SOUND TRACK the Tribesmen break into
text: adulation, some shouting his name, some simply shouting, so.that there
text: is a gradually rising fury of sound underlain by the chant "El Aurens!"
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
dialog: 231
speaker_heading: I-81
dialog: Continued
text: as he progresses) They ride tightly bunched, not filling the screen.
text: LAWRENCE is at the head, but definitely one of them, not removed.
text: He is mounted on a magnificent white camel, outrageously caparisoned,
text: though he himself is still all white. His expression is exalted; this we
text: have seen before. But it is also unwittingly desperate - he is not fully
text: aware of himself, imperfectly in control of himself - and this we have
text: not seen before. The BODYGUARD ride beautifully, every man an
text: expert. LAWRENCE turns his eyes from side to side, taking in the
text: Army, but the BODYGUARD keep: their brutalized faces immobile,
text: save perhaps for a faint suggestion of a sneer, a secret rather nasty
text: joke. They are contemptuous of all this merely legitmate might.
text: Outsiders who have sold themselves to LAWRENCE, they concern
dialog: themselves with him only. They are all ofa kind. They are superbly
text: dressed, armed to the tetth.
text: TRACK SHOT. Along the face of the ARAB ARMY. We now see that
text: behind and among the Tribesmen are men of a different kind, mounted
text: on mules, even donkeys, some very poorly dressed, in literal black
text: rags, one or two doubled up on rangy farm camels. But all have rifles
dialog: and bandoliers - British Arm Webbing in the case of the poorer. All
text: are in a state of wild excitement, but we now pass a Sheik, sitting his
text: horse before his men, and as he sees LAWRENCE's party :
scene_heading: PANNING SHOT. LAWRENCE and BODYGUARD P.O.V. the SHEIK.
text: As for 224. The SHEIK looks horrified, bewildered, alarmed, in
text: contrast to the open mouths, staring eyes and wildly flapping arms
text: behind him.
text: As for 223, LAWRENCE and BODYGUARD.
text: As for 224 TRACKING ALONG the Arab Army. Another Sheik with the
dialog: same reaction.
text: As for 223 and 227. LAWRENCE and BODYGUARD.
text: As for 224 and 228, TRACKING. ANOTHER SHEIK with the same
dialog: reaction.
text: CLOSE SHOT ALI. The van behindhim. He is reacting exactly like the
text: three SHEIKS. But bewilderment and alarm give way to indignation. He
text: whips his horse and takes off down the corridor.
text: LAWRENCE and his BODYGUARD, half way up the corridor now, with
text: the adulation at its climax, are joined by ALI.
dialog: 
dialog: o
dialog: 
dialog: II-82
dialog: 231 Continued :
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: This is my Bodyguard.
text: ALI turns in his saddle and inspects them with the cold eye of the :
dialog: aristocrat, then turning back: !
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: There is not a man there without a price
text: on his head.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (quite quietly) :
dialog: There's a price on my head, too.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: But these are murderers! Do you know the
dialog: Sheiks will hang these men?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: These men are mine. ‘
text: ALI is unwilling to accept the meaning of all this. He reasons:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Aurens, these things know nothing of the
dialog: Arab Revolt - You! Khitan of Aleppo! ‘ '
scene_heading: 231A CLOSE SHOT. KHITAN, spokesman for the BODYGUARD.
speaker_heading: KHITAN
dialog: Sherif?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Where, do we ride?
speaker_heading: KHITAN
dialog: Damascus, Sherif.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Aye, but for what?
dialog: 
dialog: II-83
speaker_heading: oF 231A Continued
speaker_heading: KHITAN
dialog: (an insolent little smile,
text: glancing at his protector)
dialog: Sherif, for Aurens.
text: ALI turning back, is horrified to find the insolent smile of KHITAN
text: reflected in the face of LAWRENCE, who has heard the interchange.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: © (contemptuous) \
dialog: You have bought these things!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (he makes it reasonable to
dialog: oO cut deeper )
dialog: I bought half the men here, Ali.
text: 231B MEDIUM SHOT. The yelling tribesmen.
speaker_heading: 5 CX : ALI
dialog: © Oo (uncomfortable; he would
dialog: prefer to have done without
dialog: them, though he knows they
dialog: are needed:)
dialog: That is different.
text: e (gesturing to BODYGUARD , hotly)
dialog: These are not ordinary men -
text: He means theyare monsters but LAWRENCE chooses tomisunderstand him,
dialog: interrupting heavily:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I don't want ordinary men.
text: And he comes down heavily on the phrase, awakening echoes of Second
text: ray Azrak and Corruption scenes. He whips up his mount and the BODY-
text: ~ GUARD surge after him, leaving ALI to pull his way out of it as best
text: he can. He looks after them, full of foreboding. The Tribesmen fall
text: more quiet, wondering what LAWRENCE will do.
text: 231C MEDIUM LONG SHOT P.O.V. ALI. The BODYGUARD sweeping away
text: down the corridor, towards AUDA. .
dialog: 
text: 231D CLOSE SHOT AUDA. He spurs off ‘to meet. LAWRENCE. The Army
text: falls silent.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T-84
text: 231E CLOSE MOVING SHOT. THE BODYGUARD have formed the open "U''
text: formation in which they will ride, protecting LAWRENCE from contact
dialog: with the common herd.
text: 231F CLOSE MOVING SHOT. On the outside of the BODYGUARD, AUDA on
text: his horse cannot approach LAWRENCE. He gradually falls behind, his
text: face dark, not with anger or foreboding, but incomprehension.
text: 231G CLOSE MOVING SHOT. LAWRENCE, at the end of the corridor now,
text: simply raises his stick and increases his pace to a gallop, crying:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Damascus!
text: It catches the assembled Tribesmen unprepared, then in one beat they
text: roar and spur after him, the swifter to the fore.
text: 231H MEDIUM TRACKING SHOT. BENTLEY bumps along on the roof of his
text: van, eagerly taking pictures of the motley units of the Army as they
text: pour past him. ALI reins alongside, looking down sternly. BENTLEY
text: chooses his tone.
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: Ah, come on Sherif. My little machine
dialog: can't put the curse on a whole army!
text: 234 I AERIAL LONG SHOT. MUSIC UP. The ARAB ARMY streams away, 2
text: very rough broad arrow behind LAWRENCE and the BODYGUARD,
text: trailing stragglers. like streamers of seaweed. Leaving BENTLEY and
text: his van behind.
dialog: i,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: 232. MEDIUM SHOT. A large British Army tent, Interior. It is pitched
text: on bare earth by the road to DAMASCUS. Outside we hear a Military
text: band receding "Goodbye Tipperary", and the regular tramp of infantry,
text: and motor vehicles in low gear: a Brigade going up to the Front.
text: ALLENBY sits at a camp table on a camp chair in an attitude of
text: enforced patience, stirring a cup of tea. His dress exhibits those
dialog: little personal irregularities which Officers permit themselves on
dialog: active service.
text: 233. REVERSE SHOT. Before him sit four groups of high ranking STAFF
text: OFFICERS at.four tables littered with papers. The largest group is
text: Infantry, administrative and thoughtful; the next Artillery, very busy;
text: at.the next Cavalry, conscientiously dashing, booted legs crossed;
dialog: finally the Specialists --- Native Affairs, Allied Liaison, Medicals,
text: Signals.. At the moment every one of these important men is silently
speaker_heading: eS
speaker_heading: ‘I-85
dialog: Continued
text: stirring a cup of tea and staring sternly at the CAMERA (i.e. at
text: ALLENBY) except for the Artillery table which is even now being
text: served from a large tray by. a white-coated Arab SERVANT, who
text: then goes, through the flap which is whipped open and shut after
text: him by a Military Policeman on guard outside. At once:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Very well gentlemen --- The Cavalry's
dialog: gone througn Mazril and Deraa ---
text: (he breaks off and bestows ,
text: a wintry smile .on the :
dialog: Cavalry Table)
dialog: -- Very good by the way, very good indeed.
text: Cavalry Officers show a certain consciousness. Others poker-faced.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Now.
dialog: (he sits back)
dialog: Your turn.
scene_heading: ARTILLERY GENERAL
text: (on his feet --- a man with a
text: fierce moustache to single him
dialog: out)
dialog: If the enemy's retreating in any kind of order
dialog: --- which we'd better assume ---?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: --- Certainly ---
scene_heading: ARTILLERY GENERAL
dialog: Then he can't be further than ---
text: (glances at map before him)
dialog: --- this Mallud place. In which case I can
dialog: have him within range by
text: (a moment's pause before he
dialog: commits himself)
dialog: 0900 hours tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (his face lights up)
dialog: Splendid!
text: All eyes turn on the INFANTRY GENERAL. A more cautious spirit.
dialog: ©
dialog: v
dialog: \
dialog: ad
dialog: 233 Continued
dialog: 11-86
scene_heading: INFANTRY GENERAL
dialog: Well these are the last Infantry supports going
dialog: : up now sir. But Mallud... Could have the
dialog: Fusiliers there by Wednesday, sir.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: That'll do for now.
scene_heading: (to ARTILLERY GENERAL)
dialog: The guns are what matter.
scene_heading: ARTILLERY GENERAL
dialog: (quietly reassuring)
dialog: Understood sir.
scene_heading: CAVALRY GENERAL
dialog: (rather superior,. rising
dialog: from map)
dialog: This "Arab Army" on the Right sir,
dialog: What's it consist of?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (addressing him)
dialog: Irregular cavalry, sir; about two thousand.
scene_heading: CAVALRY GENERAL
dialog: And where are they now?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (almost proudly)
dialog: Can only know that by being with them sir.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (rising. A little irritable)
dialog: Then get with them Harry; I want to know.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Yes sir.
text: ALLENBY goes, breaking up the meeting; his gait shows he has some
text: specific task awaiting elsewhere but he pauses by the ARTILLERY
text: GENERAL to take his arm and murmur:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Pound them Charley, pound them...
text: 234 EXTERIOR NIGHT. The:-rumble of guns, the horizon flickering.
dialog: 
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
speaker_heading: I-87
text: REVERSE SHOT. The feet of camels pace in soft sand. Low drum
text: MUSIC mingles with the rumble. The light flickers faintly.
text: CAMERA lifts to reveal the faces of LAWRENCE and the LEADERS,
text: lit by the same light. Behind them the dark mass of the Arab Army
text: shuffles forwards. LAWRENCE rides in a clear space, protected
text: by the BODYGUARD, the LEADERS excluded.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (softly)
dialog: God help the men who lie under that.
text: AUDA, his face gloomy and disapproving, grunts agreement, nodding
text: at ALI. LAWRENCE from his artificial solitude raises his voice.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (flippantly)
dialog: They're Turks!
text: BODYGUARD laugh softly. LAWRENCE is, for the first time, playing
text: unconsciously with his pistol, clicking the hammer and spinning the
text: chambers. ALI looks at him.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: God help them.
speaker_heading: cuT
scene_heading: DAYTIME. The High Road to DAMASCUS. (MUSIC, English theme)
text: British Army men and vehicles swing past us. All is different as
text: maybe from the wildly individual horde of the Arab Army. Faces
text: are fair, hair is golden, uniforms bleached and laundered. There
dialog: must inevitably be sweat and dust but this is the merest film upon
text: the basic good order. In a series of shots we see the men from
text: slightly above to emphasize their humanity, the vehicles from slightly
text: below to emphasize their prowess. On vehicles and shoulder flashes
dialog: we read the pastoral names: "Green Howards" “Sussex Yeomanry”
text: “Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry". Oneopen car is uncomfortably
text: filled with War Correspondents, one of them BENTLEY. Then guns ---
text: everything shining and buckled down, nothing loose, flapping, jerking
text: as among LAWRENCE's promiscuous riders. By the side of the road
text: we come upon ALLENBY 's Staff Car, engine revving. By it a camel
text: is being led away by an N.C. O. wearing a khaki kaffir. BRIGHTON
text: similarly clad, is in the act of slamming the car door and seating
text: himself in it, by ALLENBY. As he does so the car moves off.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: He's got the bit between his teeth, all right.
dialog: owe 236
speaker_heading: G A237
dialog: i
speaker_heading: ‘0
dialog: 237
dialog: : 238
dialog: ro)
dialog: a
speaker_heading: Mw
dialog: 0-88
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Cocky?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: More than cocky, sir, he... He's got the
dialog: bit between his teeth. All right. I think
dialog: he'll get to Damascus before we do, sir.
dialog: Unless ....
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Unless ---?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
text: Well. there's a Turkish column in front
text: of him. Out of Mazril.
text: They avoid one another's eyes.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: What did the Turks have in Mazril?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Brigade, sir.
dialog: I wonder where they are...
speaker_heading: CuT TO
text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT (probably long focus lens) Part of the village
text: can be-seen through wisps of smoke rising from black and charred
text: foreground. The CAMERA PANS a little following 2a. BRIGHTLY
text: COLOURED PIECE OF WOMAN'S CLOTHING as it blows up a path-
text: way behind the smoke and comes to rest on what appears to be a
text: HUMAN HAND sticking up out of the debris.
text: LONG SHOT: (Already shot). Showing atrocities and ending on dead
dialog: woman.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. (from behind) On the BACK OF A YOUNG
text: SOLDIER at the end of the column. He turns and looks back right to
text: left towards camera. We see he has a peasant, bovine face. A MAN
text: next to him slaps him on the back and he turns his head round again.
text: CAMERA CRANES ypwards and thus discloses a LONG SHOT of the
text: whole COLUMN as it moves away from'us.
dialog: ©
dialog: c
speaker_heading: I-89
scene_heading: 239 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT (from the front) A GROUP OF TURKISH
text: SOLDIERS (only one or two with rifles). They shuffle along not look -
text: ing at one another.
dialog: :
text: 240 CLOSE SHOT, A GROUP OFSICK AND EXHAUSTED MEN lying
text: huddled on the floor of a .jolting cart. Besides them walk OTHER
text: MEN hanging on .the cart which supports their flagging energy.
dialog: (Try and select sympathetic peasant faces).
text: 241 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT A GUN CARRIAGE. AN EXHAUSTED
text: MIDDLE-AGED MAN sits among a collection of bedding, buckets,
text: nosebags and a coop of chickens.
scene_heading: 241A BIG CLOSE SHOT. TRACKING - THE MIDDLE-AGED MAN
text: (Chickens in the background) He stares vacantly ahead.
text: 242 LONG SHOT TRACKING - What he sees: THE COLUMN sprawled
text: out in the desert in front of him.
text: 2424 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT On the BACKS OF THE LEADING COLUMN.
text: The back of the TURKISH COMMANDANT silhouetted against the glaring
text: desert beyond.
text: 243 MEDIUM SHOT: A GROUP OF TURKISH SOLDIERS surrounding a
text: section of CAMP KITCHENS piled with rifles, bandoliers, rugs
text: and kitchen utensils. The CLANGING NOISE which we have heard
text: throughout the sequence “is now shown to come from:
text: 2434 CLOSE SHOT TWO IRON LADLES swing against each other with a
text: raucous clamour like a parody of church bells. The LADLES swing
text: into BIG CLOSE UP, their clanging becomes louder and louder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
text: 244 CLOSE SHOT: The SCREEN is momentarily MAUVE, the mauve of
text: Lawrence's banner; it passes out of picture disclosing LAWRENCE
text: himself. He is sitting tense on his camel looking around the village
text: his breath coming in gasps. He stirs his camel onwards and we see
text: the ARAB ARMY passing through the ruins. (Possibly craning
text: upwards as LAWRENCE goes out of picture)
text: 245 CLOSE SHOT. From behind a foreground of the PINIONED MAN
text: (whom we saw in the first long shot with the Turkish Column). AUDA
text: rides up into CLOSE SHOT, his face black with anger and certainty.
text: 246 MEDIUM SHOT. THE CAMERA is shooting on to the. backs of a
text: GROUP OF HORSEMEN led by AUDA as they mount the ridge over
text: the village. THE CAMERA CRANES upwards disclosing the TURKISH
text: COLUMN on the plain beyond.
dialog: 
dialog: 2 247
dialog: 248
dialog: ©
dialog: ' 249
dialog: ‘©
dialog: 250
speaker_heading: ‘oO
dialog: i .
speaker_heading: OO 251
dialog: >
dialog: (>
dialog: 252
dialog: Co 253
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: \
dialog: 
dialog: oe ne a,
speaker_heading: TI-90
scene_heading: LONG SHOT. THE ARAB ARMY. The long line of the ARAB ARMY
text: appearing over the ridge.
text: CLOSE SHOT ALI (with the village behind) He comes to a standstill.
text: on the ridge, apprehensive, appalled by the emotions which are
text: rapidly gathering force around him. LAWRENCE enters the foreground
text: of picture in BIG CLOSE UP. He stops gazing out across the plain.
text: It is quite apparent that he is wrestling with inner conflicts beyond
text: the immediate situation. There is the SOUND of a distant bugle. ;
text: MEDIUM SHOT. THE TURKISH COLUMN. There is a spurt of
text: sudden activity, the SOLDIERS look back fearfully and spur on their \
text: animals. The BUGLE continues loud.
text: LONG SHOT THE ARAB ARMY are already along the ridge overlooking
text: the plain. The REAR COLUMN still moving up behind. KHITAN moves
text: into BIG CLOSE SHOT in foreground of picture. He looks straight \
dialog: ahead.
speaker_heading: KHITAN
dialog: (very softly)
dialog: No prisoners.
text: BIG CLOSE UP. LAWRENCE with ALI beside him in the background '
text: BOTH MEN have heard KHITAN. LAWRENCE's breathing becomes
text: more rapid. ALI looks at him closely.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (warningly and anxiously)
dialog: Damascus, Aurens...
text: LAWRENCE appears not to have heard. There is a SOUND of horses'
dialog: hooves. L
text: CLOSE UP AUDA comes to a halt in BIG CLOSE UP with LAWRENCE
text: and ALI in the background. AUDA looks out over the plain. He draws
text: his sword with a grating ring.
text: CLOSE UP LAWRENCE and ALI.
speaker_heading: ALI
text: (his eyes go from AUDA
speaker_heading: to LAWRENCE)
dialog: Aurens. not this, Go round. Damascus.
dialog: Damascus, Aurens, go round, go round.
dialog: 
dialog: 254
speaker_heading: 254A
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
dialog: 259
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
dialog: 263
speaker_heading: Tl-91
text: CLOSE UP KHITAN, now very excited.
speaker_heading: KHITAN
dialog: (to the BODYGUARD)
dialog: No prisoners,
text: BIG CLOSE UP LAWRENCE, again he seems to have heard KHITAN's
text: remark. He looks terrified. His eyes stare inwards, he licks his
text: lips; he is shaken by a last conflict with the diabolic in himself. Therc
text: is the SOUND of horses hooves. LAWRENCE glances over to his righ?
text: LONG SHOT THE ARAB ARMY lined upon the ridge. A SINGLE
text: HORSEMAN is coming out from the line, ahead of the others. All
text: eyes are upon him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE, ALI and AUDA
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (appealing to him to
dialog: stop this next move)
dialog: Aurens!
speaker_heading: AUDA
text: (holding up his hand to
dialog: stop any interference
speaker_heading: from LAWRENCE)
dialog: This was Talaal's village!
text: CLOSE SHOT. TALAAL comes to a halt in the foreground of picture,
text: his back to camera. In the background is the "TURKISH COLUMN.
text: CLOSE UP TALAAL. He looks fixedly after the Turks. He suddenly
text: takes hold of himself, draws his sword, dashes his stirrups into the
text: mare's flanks and gallops out of picture.
text: BIG CLOSE UP LAWRENCE. A shivering intake of breath.
text: LONG SHOT: Shooting on to the BACKS OF THE ARAB ARMY, now qu:
text: still, in foreground of picture with TALAAL galloping away from them
text: towards the TURKISH COLUMN in the background.
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA watching TALAAL,
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI watching TALAAL.
text: LONG FOCUS PANNING SHOT of TALAAL's charge. Bending low
text: and swaying in the saddle TALAAL charges across the plain. THE
text: CAMERA ZOOMS in until he and his mount are filling the screen.
dialog: 
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
dialog: 266
dialog: 267
speaker_heading: 268
dialog: 269
dialog: 270
dialog: 271
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: I-92
text: MEDIUM SHOT. The REAR OF THE TURKISH COLUMN has come to
text: ahalt. In foreground of picture ONE OR TWO TURKISH SOLDIERS
text: stand gaping, mesmerised by the charge. In the background CTHER.
text: SOLDIERS run for their weapons.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. TALAAL. He rises up in the saddle, raisr:
text: his sword and cries in a tremendous shout:
speaker_heading: TALAAL
dialog: Talaal!! Talaalil!
text: CLOSE SHOT. A GROUP OF TURKISH RIFLEMEN kneel and fire.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. Through a foreground of RIFLE SMOKE we see
text: TALAAL and his HORSE crash to the ground and slither to the feet
text: of the TURKISH RIFLEMEN.
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. TALAAL's body rolls over towards camera
text: revealing BIG CLOSE UP, BLOOD-SOAKED DUST AND SAND.
text: CLOSE SHOT.. LAWRENCE. He gulps convulsively, then shouts with
dialog: a terrible conviction: .
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No prisoners!! No prisoners!!
text: - and he is off.
text: CLOSE UP. AUDA. . With a terrifying ruthlessness he spurs his horse
text: on out of picture.
text: CLOSE UP KHITAN. He is almost laughing. He too moves on out
dialog: of picture.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI. In the background the ARAB ARMY is moving
text: forward and past him in a wave. He lugs out his sword.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Oh God.
text: He spurs his horse forward. THE CAMERA begins to TRACK
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: God! God!! God!!!
text: And he too is swept up into the frenzy.
speaker_heading: SO
dialog: “"
dialog: 273
dialog: 274
dialog: 275
dialog: 276
dialog: 277
dialog: 278
dialog: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
dialog: 282
dialog: 283
speaker_heading: TI-93
text: LONG SHOT. THE ARAB ARMY descending from the village on to the
text: plain. As they gather speed the thud of horses hooves rises in crescendo
text: as they pass CAMERA in a cloud of dust.
text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT. (From behind) PANIC at the REAR of the
text: TURKISH COLUMN. A series of clattering jolts as HORSES and
text: MULES are whipped forward and take up the strain of their vehicles. .
text: MEN, looking fearfully backwards, run for their rifles and bandoliers.
text: DUST begins to rise.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. (From behind) Against a background of
text: panicking men a MACHINE GUN and its TRIPOD is being dragged from
text: the back of a mule.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. (From behind) A GUN CARRIAGE.
text: BEDDING and BANDOLIERS are thrown aside. The EXHAUSTED
text: MIDDLE-AGED MAN is dragged from his perch and the CAMERA PANS
text: DOWN with him as he falls to the ground surrounded by SCURRYING
text: FEET.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT LAWRENCE. His face is distorted with a
text: sort of dreadful mirth. He subconsciously raises his pistol. What he's
text: always wanted - dreaded - is ‘upon him.
text: BIG CLOSE UP THE LADLES of the CAMP KITCHEN clang together
text: with unnatural loudness and move rapidly away froin camera into a
text: MEDIUM SHOT disclosing a chaotic picture of turning wheels, running
text: feet and men on donkeys - all fleeing from camera.
text: MEDIUM SHOT (57mm?) The DEAD BODIES of TALAAL and his
text: HORSE form the foreground of the picture. The first wave of the
text: ARAB ARMY sweep around and over them.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A GROUP of some HALF DOZEN KNEELING TURKISH
text: RIFLEMEN ~ now some yards from the rear of the retreating Turkish
text: Column - fire a volley.
text: CLOSE SHOT TRACKING. TWO ARABS are swept from their horses.
text: A BANNER crashes down in front of camera.
text: LONG SHOT (From behind) THE TURKISH COLUMN is. spread out into
text: the distance. Spasmodic rifle fire is taken up all along the line.
text: Like a great wave THE ARAB ARMY streams in from under.camera
text: about to engulf the Turkish rear.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT (57mm STATIC CAMERA) The CHARGING ARAB
text: HORSEMEN as seen from the rear of the Column. In the foreground
text: of picture the HEADS and SHOULDERS of the TURKISH RIFLEMEN,
text: their backs to camera, rise up with their hands above their heads.
dialog: 
dialog: ce
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 284
dialog: 285
dialog: 286
speaker_heading: 287
dialog: 288
dialog: 289
dialog: 290
dialog: 291
dialog: 292
dialog: 293
dialog: 294
dialog: 295
dialog: 296
dialog: 297
dialog: 298
dialog: 299
dialog: 300
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
speaker_heading: Tl-94
text: CLOSE SHOT TRACKING: AUDA and his BODYGUARD fire from the
dialog: saddle.
text: CLOSE UP TRACKING. LAWRENCE, his eyes wild and staring.
text: CLOSE SHOT. THE TURKISH RIFLEMEN lying sprawled over each other
text: dead. Flying horses hooves obliterate them.
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT. The FRONT OF THE ARAB ARMY starts to
text: engulf the TURKISH COLUMN in a'U' shaped formation, HORSEMEN
text: dashing up on either side, firing into the panicking TURKS.
text: CLOSE SHOT. THE TURKISH COMMANDER, his HORSE rearing,
text: surrounded by fleeing MEN and ANIMALS, shouts orders into the bedlam
text: He leaps from his horse. (Not more than five feet in all).
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT. (75 mm?) The ARAB HORSEMEN are galloping
text: past on either side of the TURKISH COLUMN, turning it into a dusty
text: corridor of panic, violence and death. The CAMERA PANS with the
text: ARABS as they blast their way along the column.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A GROUP OF TERRIFIED TURKS sheltering against a
text: vehicle, the FARSIDE ARAB HORSEMEN racing past in background.
text: CLOSE SHOT. (Long focus lens) RUNNING FEET in foreground of
text: picture, HORSES HOOVES «in background. A BODY falls into picture
text: and takes the place of the feet.
scene_heading: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. AUDA (On the farside of the column) He
text: raises his sword and hacks downwards.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. MUSIC CUT. A group of Turks under the frenzied
text: direction of the COMMANDER, is unlimbering two field guns.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. AUDA, still followed by his standard bearer, and his
text: section, stares keenly, points and sets off another charge. MUSIC.
text: LONG SHOT. MUSIC continuing. . From AUD4's point of view we
text: hurtle towards the gun crews and the COMMANDER, who have their
text: backs turned, and are facing a group of the BODYGUARD who wheel
text: to charge in the distance. Then we-are on top of them:
text: CLOSE SHOT. MUSIC continuing; they turn: some scream.
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA hacking downwards with his sword. MUSIC CUTS
text: CLOSE SHOT. TURKISH feet run diagonally across the screen.
text: CLOSE SHOT. TURKISH feet run diagonally across the screen in
text: the opposite. direction.
text: CLOSE SHOT. Horses hooves. MUSIC.
text: CLOSE FLASH SHOT. ALI sabering into the CAMERA.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. LAWRENCE and a group of the BODY-
dialog: GUARD, charge.
dialog: Oo
dialog: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 305
dialog: 306
dialog: 307
dialog: 308
dialog: 309
dialog: 310
dialog: 311
dialog: 312
dialog: 313
dialog: 314
dialog: 315
dialog: 316
dialog: 317
dialog: 318
dialog: 319
dialog: 320
speaker_heading: O-95
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. The Turkish kitchen units flee before the
text: CAMERA. The BODYGUARD rides through and over them leaving them
text: sprawled and bloody. - oe
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI wheels his horse, he stares at:
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE fires his pistol point-blank into a man's
dialog: face.
text: LONG SHOT. A group of some thirty Turks fan away from us, running.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A compact mass of BEDOUIN, led by LAWRENCE,
text: flashes across the screen.
text: CLOSE SHOT. Speeding towards a single Turkish SOLDIER.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE riding full belt at the CAMERA raises
text: his pistol.
text: CLOSE SHOT. TURKISH SOLDIER goes over backwards, his face
text: bloody. MUSIC CUTS.
text: MEDIUM SHOTS. Turkish Soldiers stumble blindly ‘through-the
text: swirling dust in every direction. .
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA in the dust hacking.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI, in the dust, coughing.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE in the dust, firing.
text: LONG SHOT. The sun seen through the dust is red and declining.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. MUSIC. Four Turkish Soldiers run into
text: comparatively clean air from the dust.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. A group of twenty or thirty BEDOUIN pursue them.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The TURKS are cut down in a flash.
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT. The BEDOUIN wheel.
text: CLOSE SHOT. MUSIC CUT. ALI watching this, breathing hard.
text: He drops his sword and dismounts for it. He picks it up and stares
text: blinking like a man coming from atrance. He looks about.
speaker_heading: 321
dialog: 322
dialog: 323
dialog: 324
dialog: 325
dialog: 326
dialog: 327
dialog: 328
dialog: 329
dialog: 330
dialog: 331
dialog: 332
dialog: 333
speaker_heading: H-96
text: MEDIUM SHOT. The BEDOUIN are disappearing back into the
text: drifting pall of dust along the fringe of which lie bodies of men
dialog: and horses.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. Another little group of TURKS run from the dust
text: pall towards the CAMERA. .
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI watches them indifferently. It is obvious he
dialog: will let them go.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. MUSIC. When the TURKS are quite near they see
text: ALI and are terror struck. Then they fall on their knees. But
text: LAWRENCE and the BODYGUARD appear like a thunderbolt out of
text: the dust pall. They tear up to and pass the TURKS, LAWRENCE
text: firing, the BODYGUARD striking out. The TURKS fall.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI. He calls as LAWRENCE flashes past him.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Aurens!
text: MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE wheels and gallops past again with
dialog: his men.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI calls after him again.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Aurens!
text: CLOSE FLASH SHOT. LAWRENCE » unheeding, returns to the
text: carnage, his face stupefied with excitement.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. MUSIC CUTS. A group of some fifty TURKISH
text: SOLDIERS are herded together and raising their hands looking
text: straight at, and backing away from:
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA, with his men on either side of him, trots
text: slowly towards them. He stops. He sheathes his sword, he raises
text: his rifle; his men follow suit.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. The TURKS turn and run.
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA and his men firing.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. ALI searches amongst the dust, which
text: shows in glimpses the result of the carnage, calling:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Aurens!
dialog: m-97
dialog: Dy
text: es 334 CLOSE SHOT. A TURK runs across his front, followed a
text: © moment later by dismounted BODYGUARD holding swords, two
dialog: handed.
speaker_heading: ' ALI
dialog: ' Aurens!
text: ’ : 335 CLOSE SHOT. In the dust a mounted BEDOUIN is shooting a
text: ! group of harnessed Turkish baggage animals, methodically reloading
dialog: ' before each round. The range is about five yards and the horses are
text: screaming.
dialog: ,
text: © _, 386 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE and the BODYGUARD on the fringe of
text: the pall, his back tous. The sun is low behindthem. ALI appears
text: at a little distance.
dialog: Aurens!
dialog: '
text: \ 337 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE turns his head slightly. We see his
text: , face but ALI approaching cannot. It is quite mindless and very
text: frightening. He is reloading the chambers of his pistol.
speaker_heading: CO ALI
dialog: Aurens!
dialog: (Joins him)
dialog: ' Enough!
text: oO 338 EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE's hands reloading the pistol.
text: 'y While on SOUND TRACK ALI repeats.
dialog: Enough! Make them stop!
text: , 339 CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE turns his face slowly from us to the
text: Wo CAMERA. We cannot see it but ALI can. He stares, his eyes
text: ' widening. He backs his horse instinctively.
text: 340 MEDIUM SHOT. A group of TURKISH OFFICERS, some on horses,
text: others clinging to their stirrups, break away in the distance.
dialog: ©
text: 341 vifiom SHOT. LAWRENCE sees them. His face blazes again. H+
text: shouts and with the BODYGUARD takes off after them. The dust
text: closes over ALI whose face is aghast.
text: oO 342 CLOSE SHOT. A Turkish corpse in the billowing bust.
text: 7 343 CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. In the billowing dust a ludicrous and
text: apocalyptic figure appears. It is an elderly TURKISH SOLDIER,
text: unarmed, his face caked with dry blood, mounted on a DONKEY.
text: He gabbles the name of God in an audible voice as he appears and
dialog: a
dialog: ad
dialog: 343
dialog: 344
dialog: 345
dialog: 346
dialog: 347
dialog: 348
speaker_heading: 349
dialog: 350
dialog: 351
dialog: 352
dialog: 353
dialog: 354
speaker_heading: 355
dialog: 356
dialog: 357
speaker_heading: 358
speaker_heading: I-98
dialog: Continued
text: disappears in the dust.
text: CLOSE SHOT. An Arab stalks through the dust, his rifle ready.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A TURK stumbles wildly through the dust in any
text: direction. He stops when he comes upon:
text: CLOSE SHOT. A BEDOUIN removing the boots from a group of
text: corpses. He takes up his rifle and shoots the TURK.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The MAN ON THE DONKEY leaves the dust and makes
text: for open country. The moon is rising.
text: CLOSE SHOT. Three or four BEDOUIN trot silently, their rifles
dialog: ready.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A heap of dead donkeys, tangled in the harness of up~
text: turned little trucks, coughing is heard in the dust.
text: CLOSE SHOT. A BODYGUARD cocks his head and listens intently
text: to the coughing; a pistol in his hands.
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT. THE MAN ON THE DONKEY, out in the open.
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA sees, takes off after him.
text: CLOSESHOT. The man hears AUDA COMING. He spurs his donkey.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. The MAN ON THE DONKEY towards us. AUDA is
text: coming up behind him. When the TURK is right up to the CAMERA,
text: AUDA is right up with him and for a second fills the screen.
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA reins. in; the dead TURK behind him; the
text: donkey standing. AUDA sheathes his sword, takes out his rifle and
text: shoots the donkey.
text: CLOSE SHOT. His graphic face is merciless and stern but not excited
text: It is the face of Mars satisfied.
text: EXTREME LONG SHOT, The moon has risen clear and lovely above
text: the hills. CAMERA pans round the hills to:
text: MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE onan eminence, mounted on his camel,
text: looking over what he has done, which we have not yet seen. ALI is
text: in a parallel stance but removed at a distance from him.
dialog: ) .
dialog: 0-99
text: A J 359 MEDIUM SHOT. Behind them BENTLEY approaches on a peasant's
text: © ' camel with a dilapidated saddle, precariously hanging on, a vulgarly
text: comical figure.
text: ' 360 CLOSE SHOT. He shouts out: (he is eager for his story)
speaker_heading: o BENTLEY
dialog: Hey, Major! Major Lawrence!
text: , He slithers down protecting his camera, not himself, and runs up the
text: incline panting. But when he sees what is to be seen his expression
dialog: '© changes:
dialog: Jesus wept!
text: This is an expression of pure shock, but after a pause his face discloses
text: , a fund of natural pity and the sadness of his too wide experience, too
dialog: ,O little understood. Deeply and simply:
speaker_heading: BENTLEY
dialog: . Jesus wept .....
text: Sa 361 LONGSHOT. With a chord of MUSIC we see the field of battle. The
text: ‘ half-stripped bodies of the TURKS lie like ivory in the pale light, in
text: swathes and rows. It is a Golgotha. A few ARABS. make their way amor,
text: them, stooping. From this distance ALI calls, his voice cracking with
dialog: bitterness.
speaker_heading: . ALI
dialog: Does it suprise you, Mr. Bentley?
text: : CAMERA approaches him.
dialog: Wo Surely you know the Arabs are a
dialog: barbarous people! ... Barbarous and
dialog: cruel? Who but they ----?
dialog: (He swallows)
dialog: Who but they ----- 2
dialog: Cc (He breaks off)
text: 362 CLOSE SHOT. BENTLEY, looking up at the mounted figure of
text: LAWRENCE in a tone not of hatred or disgust, but of lamentation for a
dialog: fallen hero:
speaker_heading: © BENTLEY
dialog: Oh, you rotten man.
text: He aims his camera, and we see LAWRENCE from his viewpoint, a
text: magnificent and romantic figure against the sky, and himself crouching
text: O like an inferior animal.
dialog: 
dialog: 362
speaker_heading: 363
speaker_heading: 364
dialog: 365
dialog: 366
speaker_heading: 367
dialog: -100
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BENTLEY (cont)
dialog: Here. Let me take your rotten
dialog: bloody picture.
text: He does so and aims his camera again.
dialog: For the rotten bloody newspapers.
text: LAWRENCE suffers it, his face like marble in the magnesium flare,
speaker_heading: CUT ,
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. A galloping ARAB HORSEMAN. He carris:
text: a bunch of unripe grapes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
text: LAWRENCE as before, but now entirely alone. The horseman reins in
text: and holds out the grapes.
speaker_heading: HORSEMAN
dialog: (triumphant)
dialog: These were cut last night Aurens --- :
dialog: in Damascus! '
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. He takes them and stares at them.
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. The translucent green beads of fruit quiver
text: in his hands, while on SOUND TRACK the HORSEMAN repeats inviting):
dialog: "Damascus"
text: One or two of the grapes break off and lie in LAWRENCE's palm.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. LAWRENCE hands the bunch back to the HORSEMAN
text: and regards them in the HORSEMAN's hands.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (in a voice perfectly
dialog: prosaic, perfectly null,
dialog: the voice of Aircraftsman
dialog: Shaw) .
dialog: Take them to Sherif Ali. Tell him...
dialog: remind him...
text: He takes a shuddering breath and looks away hoplessly. The HORSEMA-
text: turns his horse. LAWRENCE's eyes fall upon the grapes in his hand.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Vk
dialog: © 367
speaker_heading: 368
dialog: ©
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: C4
speaker_heading: NY
speaker_heading: T-101
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Is Allenby in Damascus?
speaker_heading: HORSEMAN
dialog: (looking at him curiously)
dialog: Near.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Tell Sherif Ali that.
text: He cuts off his awareness of the man.. Slowly and mechanically he
text: puts the grapes in his mouth. The expression of his haunted eyes
text: does not change one iota but his lips twitch in a reflex against the
dialog: bitterness of the fruit.
speaker_heading: HORSEMAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: They are not ripe!
text: The HORSEMAN goes.
dialog: cut
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY is striding, a conquering Caesar, through
text: his improvised Headquarters in Damascus. CAMERA retreating before
text: him. At one elbow walks BRIGHTON, at the other a MAJOR. Behind
text: are the A.D.C, and DRYDEN. Having this very minute arrived,
text: ALLENBY is travel-stained and tired looking, and carries his cap.
text: The A.D.C, likewise. DRYDEN carries his Panama hat and stick and
text: looks fatigued, though immaculate. The MAJOR and BRIGHTON having
dialog: been there some time, are cleaner and without their caps, and
text: BRIGHTON is also without Sam Browne or jacket. The MAJORis a
text: sort of Military Major-Domo, fussy and self-important, and he is
text: showing ALLENBY to his quarters. He runs ahead to open doors,
text: indicates to left and right the preparations that are being made in
text: the halls through which they pass. He has an exact half of ALLENBY's
text: attention; BRIGHTON has the other. Trestle tables and chairs are
text: carried in one after another; papers, typewriters and files are placed
text: and ordered by a host of Clerical N.C.O.'s, while Signalmen swiftly
text: unwind spools of telephone cable in contrary directions. Their. many
text: voices and the banging and slapping of their equipment, (though purposeful
text: not excited) makes a constant echoing and we can only hear that
text: BRIGHTON is talking urgently, a "rhubarb" speech which we cannot
dialog: hear except the underlined words:
speaker_heading: 368
speaker_heading: 369
dialog: 370
dialog: 371
dialog: H-102 '
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Lawrence is behind it sir --- everything they '
dialog: do on the advice of Lawrence! Everything
text: that matters is swarming with the Arab Army --
dialog: They've got a thing they call the Arab Flag:
dialog: I don't know how they did it --- know who '
dialog: did it for them --- Lawrence! \
text: CLOSE SHOT. The MAJOR passes the CAMERA. ;
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
speaker_heading: (to BRIGHTON)
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: A day and a night, sir' They've been '
dialog: here a day anda night! They've occupied
dialog: the town, sir! They've done it! He's
dialog: set up his own Headquarters -~- in the
dialog: Town Hall!
text: He is almost querulous at ALLENBY's continuing equanimity and
text: divided attention. ALLENBY pauses to pick up a telephone and listen
text: for the "live" tone, and then replaces it, before passing on, saying:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: What else besides the Town Hall?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Telephone Exchange, Post Office, Power
dialog: House.
dialog: (He indicates the electric
text: light beneath which they are passing)
dialog: Hospitals, Fire Stations, everything, sir!
text: REVERSE SHOT. The MAJOR rather grandly throws open a double
text: door, steps back and salutes. as the party. passes through.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. Inside ALLENBY's temporary private quarters.
text: Two rooms, the first a living room. The A.D.C. shuts the doors
text: on the MAJOR and on the racket outside.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: They call themselves the Arab
dialog: National Council, sir!
speaker_heading: "oO
dialog: 
dialog: 371
dialog: 372
dialog: 373
dialog: -108
dialog: Continued
text: But ALLENBY throws down his cap and walks straight through
text: (CAMERA FOLLOWING) to the next room, very sparsely furnished
text: with wash-stand and camp bed which he tests without enthusiasm.
text: BRIGHTON's voice pursues him, reiterating indignant and bewildered,
dialog: as though this were proof of the urgency of the situation:
scene_heading: BRIGHTON (on SOUND TRACK)
dialog: They're in the Town Hall!
text: ALLENBY comes back into the living room saying:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Well they're your pigeon, Harry. What
dialog: do you think we should do then?
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: Well, get 'em out of there, in quick
dialog: time, sir!
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: How about that, Dryden?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Not unless you want a full-scale rising
dialog: on your hands.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
speaker_heading: (to DRYDEN)
dialog: Well what then?
text: CLOSE SHOT. DRYDEN looking over the green palms and gardens of
text: Damascus. We hear distant crowd noises.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
speaker_heading: (to ALLENBY)
dialog: When will. Prince Feisal be in Damascus?
text: MEDIUM SHOT. All looking at DRYDEN.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: By special train in two days' time.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (calculating)
dialog: Two days...
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Two days is what you asked me for. I
dialog: can't keep him out any longer. Isn't it enough?
dialog: co 373
dialog: c 374
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: -104
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (almost sadly)
dialog: Yes, ample I should think.
text: MEDIUM SHOT .as before.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (puzzled and indignant)
dialog: We can't just do nothing, sir!
text: This cry breaks the stillness. The A,D.C. relaxes his pose of strained
text: attention. DRYDEN moves from the window towards a chair. ALLENBY
text: sits and says to BRIGHTON, smiling:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Why not? It's usually best.
dialog: (to A.D.C.)
dialog: Get us something to drink, Tracey.
text: A.D.C. moves towards door.
dialog: And Tracey: All troops to remain
text: quartered until further orders.
dialog: A.D.C.
dialog: Yes sir.
dialog: (Pauses) .
dialog: Does that apply to Technical Units, sir
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Technical Units particularly.
dialog: A.D.C.
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (Going)
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (a little horrified)
dialog: Medicals, too, sir?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (harsh)
dialog: Yes, Harry, Medicals too!
speaker_heading: CcuT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T-105
text: THE COUNCIL CHAMBER of the Town Hall. Pandemonium reigns.
text: Some two dozen of the leading SHEIKS are seated (or standing) at a
text: long mahogany table. At its head the principal chair --- almost a
text: throne -~- is unoccupied. On one side of it is LAWRENCE's place,
text: on the other, ALI's. AUDA is by LAWRENCE. The others range
text: down the table and their rifles make a small arsenal down its beautifully
text: polished surface. Absurdly, ink stands, paper and pens have been
text: placed along it, but these are now pushed away and scattered. City
text: dignitaries, in European clothes and the Turkish fez look down from
text: the walls. At the foot of the table on bentwood chairs brought in for
text: the occasion, are one or two SYRIANS in pale suits, with stiff winged
text: collars. One or two of the SHEIKS look grave, one or two uneasy,
text: most are in a mood of total excitement and uncontrol. Round them are
text: ranged their individual BODYGUARDS --- say three or four to each
text: SHEIK --- armed to the teeth and ready to back their masters with
text: blows, bullets or as now merely with noise. At the moment, the
text: SHEIKS are in two factions, leaning across the table or towards each
text: other on the same side, shouting fiercely. Some of LAWRENCE's own
text: BODYGUARD are by the door which trembles now and then under pressur.
text: from without, LAWRENCE is seated staring at the table with a
text: premonition of defeat. AUDA, beside himself with rage, is standing
text: yelling into ALI's face. ALI is seated, his face grim with foreboding
text: and the effort of self control. We cannot hear what AUDA says, except:
text: "Howeitat" and, repeatedly, 'Harith". LAWRENCE looks up, girds
text: himself, rises suddenly and pounds the table with the butt of his pistol,
text: leaving dents in the surface. He goes on, looking fiercely at the
text: SHEIKS, until (the graver souls pulling the others into their seats) they
text: are sufficiently silent and mostly seated.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We here are neither, Harith nor Howeitat,
dialog: nor any other tribe but Arabs of the Arab
dialog: Council, acting for Prince Feisal!
text: This momentarily calms all with the parcial exception of AUDA who,
dialog: glaring at ALI says:
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: He insulted me!
text: An ominous murmur from Howeitat supporters.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Sherif Ali said that the telephones are
dialog: in the care of the Howeitat and that the
dialog: telephones have ceased to work. And
dialog: this is true, Auda.
dialog: O..
speaker_heading: ~ SRB
dialog: 
dialog: 375
speaker_heading: I- 106
dialog: Continued , !
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (sullenly) :
dialog: They will not work because they are given |
dialog: no electricity. And the electricity is in
dialog: the care of the Harith!
dialog: (to ALI)
dialog: You insulted me --- Harith!
text: This last word is said as aterm of abuse. ALI starts and LAWRENCE
text: grips his wrist.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE |
dialog: (to ALI, sotto but not looking
dialog: . at him)
dialog: If you answer they'll be bloodshed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ALI \
dialog: (looks at LAWRENCE: sotto)
dialog: Do you speak to me of bloodshed?
text: LAWRENCE takes this in. He releases ALI's hand which is removed,
text: ALI raises his voice: . .
dialog: ‘
dialog: I ask pardon of AudaIbu Tayi.
text: AUDA raises his eyebrows. He is astonished. Then he sneers: '
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Humbly? Humbly, Harith? .
dialog: i
text: ALI licks his lips, clenches his fists upon the table end, glaring at
text: AUDA, ‘replies: .
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Yes.
text: AUDA looking at him, sees that his motive is not fear. He is suddenly
text: filled with unease and depression.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Weil, this is a new trick...
text: He throws himself back gloomily in his chair. LAWRENCE quickly
text: seizes the opportunity to break the train of events. He addresses :
scene_heading: ELDER HARITH: o,f
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Why is there no electricityfor the telephones?
dialog: as 375
dialog: 4
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Tf-107
dialog: Continued
text: ELDER HARITH rises for a speech. A respected figure, he has the
text: attention particularly of the older and graver spirits.
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: I have been to the Electrical House Aurens.
text: There are three large machines ...
text: A SYRIAN, patronisingly helpful calls up the table to LAWRENCE:
speaker_heading: SYRIAN
dialog: He means generators.
speaker_heading: ELDER HARITH
dialog: (Courteously)
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: (to LAWRENCE)
text: One of them is burning.
text: (He turns to the others, smiling
dialog: pityingly)
text: They are of incredible size, but helpless.
scene_heading: WHITE HAIRED SHEIK
dialog: (sententiously)
dialog: It is so with all machines.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER
dialog: Let them burn. What needs telephones?
text: A chorus of agreement, not excited this time, but deep and philosophic.
text: LAWRENCE rises, pounding the table again, breaks in, crying out
dialog: desperately:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: The need is absolute!
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Then we need the English engineers.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No! Take English engineers and you take
dialog: English Government! Take ---
text: The door bursts open and a dishevelled SHEIK and SYRIAN burst in.
text: A mob of yelling petitioners attempts to follow and is beaten back by
text: the BODYGUARD who close the door. The SYRIAN screeches out
text: to the others at the far end of the table:
dialog: 
dialog: j
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 
dialog: 875 Continued
scene_heading: . DISHEVELLED SYRIAN
dialog: Fire!
dialog: (He fights for breath)
dialog: Fire has broken out!
text: (He fights for breath again,
text: makes a graphic gesture with
dialog: both hands)
dialog: All along the waterfront!
speaker_heading: H-108
text: The SYRIANS start to their feet in an overlapping clamour: "Where?"
text: "In what quarter?" 'In what district?" exploding and falling silent
text: in the same instant.
scene_heading: L DISHEVELLED SYRIAN
dialog: The Jinsibi District!
speaker_heading: FIRST SYRIAN
dialog: (to LAWRENCE, reassuringly)
dialog: It is not a district that matters.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: (looking at him with cool dislike)
dialog: It. will spread.
speaker_heading: SECOND SYRIAN
dialog: (between exasperation at the
dialog: stupidity of the savages and
dialog: alarm for his property)
dialog: Then in God's name, use the fire brigade!
scene_heading: DISHEVELLED SHEIK
dialog: We have tried, Aurens. Thereis no...
dialog: (He makes desperate pushing
text: movements with his hands as
dialog: he seeks for the word "pressure")
dialog: . no force in the water.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (almost stamping)
dialog: Then you must carry it!
scene_heading: DISHEVELLED SHEIK
dialog: (with dignity)
dialog: The Rualla do not carry water.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (in the spirit of sheer mischief)
dialog: What else are they good for?
dialog: 
dialog: \
dialog: dd
dialog: hi
dialog: 375
dialog: 376
dialog: 377
dialog: 378
speaker_heading: 379
dialog: 380
dialog: 381
dialog: 382
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Ii-109
dialog: Continued
text: There is an uproar again, some laughing, the Rualla and their allies
text: furious, and the others quick to respond. MUSIC (Arab theme
text: mounting) LAWRENCE rises, gesturing DISHEVELLED SHEIK to
text: follow him. The doors are thrown open, and under the rising music
text: the petitioners pour in, waving papers, beseeching, bullying, indignant
text: or tearful. We see that they extend throughout the lobby of the Town
text: Hall towards the open double doorway.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ONE OF THE SHEIKS at the table is stuffing silver
text: ink stands into the fold of his garment, hurriedly, as one who prepares
dialog: to depart.
text: MEDIUM.SHOT. On the steps of the Town Hall, LAWRENCE is
text: shouting into the uproar.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We will hear petitions this afternoon!
dialog: This afternoon ...
text: LONG SHOT. In the street or square outside the Town Hall a cart lies
text: on its side. And people run from every quarter towards the steps of
text: the Town Hall where we see LAWRENCE fighting forwards through the
text: intemperately individual mob, a hopeless enterprise.
speaker_heading: cuT
text: ALLENBY'S ROOM. CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON stands stiff and
text: uneasy by one ot the windows, biting his lip looking out upon a dark
text: sky with a faint red glow in it from which distant shouts and now an
text: occasional scream are also heard. He turns to look at:
text: MEDIUM SHOT. The electric light is burning. Bottles, glasses,
text: and used plates. DRYDEN sits at his ease, reading. ALLENBY
text: has one eye upon an open book upon a table and, in a highly artificial
text: stance with one leg before the other, he holds aloft a piece of cane
text: with a length of string attached to it,
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. It is a text book on fly fishing and a diagram
text: shows an Edwardian gentleman in knickerbockers going through the
text: motions of a cast.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALLENBY dutifully performs the motions as decreed
text: there. He seems totally absorbed.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: I'm going to take this up after the war...
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: :
dialog: . 382
dialog: 
dialog: Il-110
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (bursting out)
dialog: Surely we should do something, sir?
text: DRYDEN looks up at him over his spectacles, but ALLENBY ignores
text: it totally, murmuring:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: It's an old man's sport...
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (with dry and admiring mockery)
dialog: Are you an old man, sir?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (absently, eye on the diagram)
dialog: Mm ..7 .
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: Well all I can say is, sir -- it's a
dialog: heavy responsibility:
text: ALLENBY directs a look of venomous resentment at him.
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Sorry, sir...
text: The light goes off, putting them in moonlight and showing us the moon
text: beyond one of the windows. We see that the torpor of DRYDEN and
text: ALLENBY was more apparent than real, and ALLENBY has laid down
text: his rod before BRIGHTON has fully registered what's happened.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: It may be the bulb.
text: DRYDEN clicks the switch of a reading lamp off and on.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: No, sir, it's the power.
dialog: ys
text: As he is saying this we hear the jingle and thud of horsemen under the
text: window. They go quickly onto the balcony and look down.
dialog: 
dialog: —“~ 383
speaker_heading: Nf
dialog: oo
dialog: Oo
dialog: ; a
speaker_heading: 384
dialog: ‘©
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: MEDIUM SHOT ANGLING DOWN. A caravan of mixed horse and
text: camel riders, veiled, silent, inscrutable, they lead laden animals
text: at their sides.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (an excited whisper)
dialog: They're leaving sir.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: That's it then.
dialog: Marvellous looking beggars, aren't they?
text: (he looks down intently,
dialog: curiously regretful)
speaker_heading: cuT
dialog: 
dialog: -111
dialog: 
text: TOWN HALL INTERIOR. The room is lit by many candles, some
text: in lovely candelabra, some in saucers; the table is littered with coffee
dialog: cups.
text: SHEIK is asleep.
text: AUDA sits opposite LAWRENCE.
text: Both table and floor are littered with papers.
text: ALI and LAWRENCE sit where they did before.
text: LAWRENCE is writing and AUDA
speaker_heading: The OLD i
text: watches him with displeasure. Suddenly his hand descends upon the
dialog: paper.
dialog: Leave it, Aurens!
text: LAWRENCE makes no attempt to retrieve the paper.
speaker_heading: AUDA
text: AUDA blankly and mildly:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Come where?
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (with a jerk of the head)
dialog: Back ... I know you heart.
dialog: Come with met
text: He looks at ,
text: LAWRENCE gently extracts the paper and apparently returns his
dialog: attention to it.
dialog: What is it?
text: AUDA watches as before.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Is it this?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 384
dialog: 385
dialog: - 386
dialog: 387
speaker_heading: 388
speaker_heading: Tt-112
dialog: Continued
text: He contemptuously indicates the room with its littered paper.
speaker_heading: : AUDA (cont)
dialog: I tell you this is nothing.
text: LAWRENCE goes on writing. He is very moved. AUDA rises and
text: walks down the room to the door, passing ALI who is all ears but
text: does not move anerve. At the door, AUDA pauses.
speaker_heading: AUDA -
dialog: Is it... the blood?
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. AUDA continues on SOUND TRACK,
text: warm, confident, comforting.
dialog: I tell you the desert has dried up
dialog: more blood than you could think of.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. AUDA in background. LAWRENCE
text: shows no facial emotion. Deadpan, he raises one hand and says with
dialog: deliberate formality:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I pray I may never see the desert again.
dialog: Hear me God.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Well will you come...
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. On SOUND TRACK AUDA
dialog: says:
dialog: ... there is only the desert for you.
text: On SOUND TRACK we hear the door open and shut. Immediately
text: LAWRENCE raises his head and sees ALI looking at him down the
text: table. He goes back to his work for a space, then:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: What about you, Ali?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. ALI in background.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: No, I shall stay here. And learn
dialog: politics.
text: LAWRENCE hesitates, stops writing, but does not look up.
speaker_heading: 388
speaker_heading: 389
dialog: 390
dialog: 391
dialog: 392
speaker_heading: T-113
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: That's a very low occupation.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I had not thought of it when I met you.
text: CLOSE SHOT. ALI rises not purposely but compelled, and finding
text: himself on his feet, knows he is making a farewell. He hesitates,
text: glancing down the table at his friend.
text: LONG SHOT. FROM ALI'S POINT OF VIEW. LAWRENCE is
text: seemingly absorbed in paper.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (half resentful, almost accusing)
dialog: You have tried very hard to give us
dialog: Damascus?
text: After a pause to control himself, LAWRENCE says mildly:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: It's what I came for.
text: REVERSE SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT. ALI by the door.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: And then
dialog: . (ALI turns quickly)
dialog: .+. it would be something ... ?
dialog: It is a naked appeal.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (He tries for a smile)
dialog: Much.
text: LAWRENCE half-smiles back, but as they raise their hands it is as
text: when the ship is already too far fromthe shore and friends know the
text: parting already complete, and themselves already strangers.
text: ALI goes through the door.
text: MEDIUM SHOT. Down the corridor which he has entered. It is lit
text: only by moonlight which pours through the arch windows which
text: punctuate one wall, This wall ends with an open archway through
text: which the moonlight also prurs. The corridor is thus in alternate
dialog: 
dialog: °
speaker_heading: J
dialog: C)
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T-114
dialog: 392 Continued
text: bands of silver light and grey shadows. From one of these shadows
text: a MAN steps silently and grasps him by the arm. He instinctively
text: recoils but finds himself gripped.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (After a moment’s silence:
dialog: Accusing)
dialog: He is your friend?
text: At this, ALI immediately sets off down the corridor, his face averted.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Take your -hand away.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (Ignoring this)
dialog: You love him.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: No, I fear him.
text: AUDA's face is angled so that we can see it; ALI's face is in the
text: shadow of his headcloth save for bright lights on his eyes. AUDA
dialog: peers a little.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Then why do you weep?
dialog: This is said certainly not as a sneer, and certainly not with womanish
text: sympathy, but as men speak of weeping naturally whose virility is far
text: beyond question. There is a moment or two of silence before ALI can
dialog: reply.
speaker_heading: ALI :
dialog: If I fear him ... who love him...
dialog: How must he fear himself, who hates
dialog: himself?
dialog: (Suddenly all the emotion
text: comes pouring through
text: and ALI shouts furiously)
dialog: Take your hand away ...
text: ALI wrenches himself free with a cat-like bound, simultaneously
text: drawing his dagger which (CLOSE SHOT) carves a bright arc in the
dialog: gloom.
dialog: --» Howeitat!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 392
dialog: 393
dialog: 394
dialog: 395
dialog: 396
dialog: 
speaker_heading: W-115
dialog: Continued
text: AUDA has made the minimum necessary movement to avoid the blow,
text: instinctively, and now regards ALI, unruffled and even pleased. He
text: is leaning one hand against the wall.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: ' O-h-h-. You're not entirely
dialog: politician.
text: ALI is sheathing his knife, but looks up at this and says, determinedly:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Not yet.
text: They have come to an open archway. CUT to the courtyard.
text: ALI is crossing it diagonally towards a far corner where among the
text: shadows is another archway.
text: CLOSE SHOT. AUDA, his face turned up to the moon and stars.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Well these are new tricks ...
dialog: (Complacently)
dialog: and I am an old dog.
text: He stretches luxuriously and breathes in the open air.
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Allah be thanked.
text: He lowers his head and watches ALI, who is entering the shadows, and
dialog: calls:
dialog: I tell thee what though ... !
text: REVERSE SHOT. ALI in the shadows turns back towards AUDA.
dialog: AUDA is calling under the stars:
speaker_heading: AUDA
dialog: Being an "Arab", will be thornier than
dialog: you suppose --- Harith!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. The indignant face of BRITISH COLONEL.
text: Glares straight into CAMERA.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: ,
dialog: ©
dialog: uu
dialog: ie.
dialog: a)
dialog: 396
dialog: 397
speaker_heading: 398
dialog: . : II-116
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: In all my years as a Medical Officer,
dialog: I've never seen anything like it!
text: MEDIUM SHOT. ALLENBY confronts him. He has just risen from
text: bed and is wrapping on his dressing gown. We see that he expects
text: immediate action. It is broad morning.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: It comes within the jurisdiction of
dialog: the Arab Council.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. Under the circumstances
dialog: I think I must take over immediately.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY -
dialog: (almost automatically)
dialog: Under any circumstances at all you must
dialog: _obey your orders.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: No, sir, I will not!
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (not angered by the insubordination,
text: irritated by the excess emotion’. Contemptuously)
dialog: Control yourself.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: Now, go over to the Town Hall and see
dialog: what they say.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE looking straight up into
text: CAMERA, and the CUT so timed that he appears to be speaking in
text: response to ALLENBY 's line.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (Totally exhausted, quite
dialog: simple)
dialog: I had forgotten.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Had you indeed!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: -
speaker_heading: ie LY
dialog: '
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: >
dialog: ! 399
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: 400
dialog: ic 401
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: W-117
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (as one who offers
dialog: useless exculpation)
dialog: We did what we could in the civic hospitals ...
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: But you "forgot" the Turkish Military
dialog: Hospital!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (fearfully)
dialog: Are there many?
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: It has six hundred beds. There are about
dialog: two thousand Turkish wounded init. All
dialog: of whom are the responsibility of your
dialog: precious Arab Council; and many of whom
dialog: are your responsibility inmore ways than
dialog: that, I understand:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (cannot look at him)
dialog: Yes.
text: Sad MUSIC begins, and he rises. Then, as one who fears the answer
text: to his question, he asks: .
dialog: . What's it like?
dialog: cur
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT. MUSIC CONTINUING. The courtyard of
text: the Turkish Military Hospital. The beds are overflowed into the
text: courtyard. Here and there tarpaulin awnings have been rigged, but
text: one of these, over the hospital entrance, has come loose at one
text: corner and flaps heavily and slowly with a soft insidious sound.
scene_heading: REVERSE SHOT.
text: and the horrible buzzing of flies.
text: courtyard at the far side.
text: From under this flapping awning. We hear it
text: LAWRENCE has entered the
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT: Moving with LAWRENCE among the
text: patients. Some are dead. They are unwashed, their bandages
text: are blood caked, dirty dressings and enamel containers lie strewn.
dialog: (But the CAMERA must not linger on any one thing; we must see it
dialog: all passing; we want to establish a faci, not assault the emotions).
dialog: 
dialog: bn,
dialog: 402
speaker_heading: 403
dialog: 
dialog: 404
dialog: 405
dialog: 406
dialog: 407
speaker_heading: 408
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: If-118
text: MEDIUM SHOT. Having tracked with LAWRENCE to the awning and
text: the entrance, we pause with him. Voices croak "Water"... "Water"
dialog: +++ monotonously. The Turkish word is used so that we do not
text: understand it, until LAWRENCE, coming to, snatches up an enamel
text: water jug and darts into the hospital.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. He searches frantically down a corridor,
text: also littered with patients, catching glimpses inside wards of their
text: contents. He comes to a dispensary and darts in. Frantically, he
text: turns atap. The MUSIC rising hopefully.
text: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. THE TAP. No water is init. MUSIC
text: dies away to silence.
text: CLOSE SHOT. He puts down the jug. He leans back against the
text: dispensary shelves. His wandering eye lights upon a broom. He
text: picks it up, and as he does so, we hear cars drawing up, doors
text: slamming and crisp voices shouting instructions.
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT. THE COURTYARD. Army ambulances are
text: drawing up and drawn up. MEDICAL OFFICERS, NURSING SISTERS
text: and ORDERLIES are fanning out between the beds. Stretchers are
text: being unloaded. Already we can see SIX DOCTORS, a DOZEN
text: SISTERS and a SCORE OF ORDERLIES. They are clean, starched and
text: competent. It is like a vision of heaven.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT. ANGLING DOWN A WARD. LAWRENCE in
text: foreground, is studiously sweeping between the bunks. A moustached
text: and very military M.O. attended by TWO ORDERLIES marches up the
text: long ward. He stops at LAWRENCE. He is the Captain of the Prep.
text: School, the Chairman of the Golf Club. His face is crimson. He is
text: enormous and fleshy.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: This is... is... outrageous!
dialog: (he is enjoying it)
dialog: Outrageous! Outrageous!
dialog: (he comes up to LAWRENCE)
dialog: Outrageous!
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. The pale ghost of his old mockery
text: haunts his features once again. He begins to laugh. The MEDICAL
text: OFFICER stares incredulously, then deals him such a full-armed
text: smack across his face as flings him from. his feet against the wall.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
text: (carelessly, as he strides out)
dialog: Filthy little wog.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 409
dialog: 410
dialog: 411
dialog: Ti-119
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE crouched against the wall continues to
dialog: laugh. (And let there be no mistake, but that it is laughter, though
dialog: it may remind one of tears. The only thing no audience could
dialog: possibly accept from this strange man ~ particularly at this point --
dialog: is acy pity. Which would also quite ruinously "explain" his state of
dialog: mind)
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
text: CLOSE SHOT. FEISAL in all the panoply of an Arabian King, is
text: speaking, melodiously, persuasively, gently and humorously.. As
text: he speaks, CAMERA DRAWS AWAY to reveal that he is in
text: ALLENBY's great room in Damascus. This is his prestige room,
text: not his. working office; polished furniture, royal portraits, the full
text: treatment. ALLENBY is seated at an enormous and useless desk.
text: Behind and to one side of him DRYDEN is seated, regarding his
text: clasped hands; behind again, BRIGHTON stands, looking as is
text: ALLENBY, towards the object of FEISAL's discourse whom we cannot
dialog: yet see.
speaker_heading: FEISAL:
dialog: My friend Lawrence, if I may call him
dialog: that -- "my friend Lawrence" -- how many
dialog: men will claim the right to use that phrase,
dialog: how proudly! He longs for the greenness of
text: his native land. He pines for the Gothic
dialog: cottages of -- "Surrey" =~ is it not?
text: (he smiles a little at ‘his
dialog: own pretentions to be
dialog: familiar with all that)
text: Already in imagination he catches trout
dialog: and... all the activities of the English
dialog: gentleman.
text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE looks silently back at him
text: without judgment, without even distaste, almost as though he had
text: only just met him. Now and henceforth 90% of LAWRENCE's energy
text: is taken in merely sustaining the burden of his own nature, leaving
text: only 10% for dealings with the outer world. He listens carefully and
text: politely to everything, and reacts to nothing. And this is not a posture,
dialog: but a necessary economy to which he is committed. Any suggestion of
text: attitudenising would be very distasteful at this point. He is indeed con-
dialog: cerned not to be any kind of nuisance. It is simply that attention and
text: elementary good manners are all that he can possibly manage.
text: ALLENBY coughs uncomfortably in the silence.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: That's me you're describing, sir, not
dialog: Colonel Lawrence...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: L
speaker_heading: oO]
speaker_heading: ‘ Il-120
dialog: 411. Continued
speaker_heading: ALLENBY (Cont)
text: (roughly, looking up at
text: LAWRENCE and quickly
dialog: down again)
dialog: You're promoted Colonel,
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Yes. What for?
text: (He asks the question with
dialog: polite interest not aggressively)
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Take the honour, Colonel. Be a little kind.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: (roughly)
dialog: As a Colonel you'll have a cabin to yourself
text: on the boat home.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (a flicker of real interest)
dialog: Then thank you.
text: There is another awkward pause. ALLENBY aligns some papers.
text: Then he forces himself to look at LAWRENCE, chin out and says
dialog: ruthlessly:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Well then ... "God speed".
text: FEISAL cuts in with quick persuasion.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: There is nothing further for a warrior
dialog: here.
dialog: (unreal self-deprecation)
dialog: We drive bargains.
text: LAWRENCE looks at him, without anger, without condemnation,
text: without comment of any kind. FEISAL is touched with the desire to
dialog: comfort, and adds more sincerely:
text: Old men's work. Young men make
dialog: wars ~~ and virtues of war are the
dialog: virtues of young men ~- courage and
dialog: hope for the future. And then old men
dialog: 
dialog: i 411
speaker_heading: oS 412
dialog: 
speaker_heading: I-121
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: FEISAL (Cont)
dialog: make the peace, and the vices of peace
dialog: are the vices of old men -- mistrust
dialog: and caution.
dialog: (gently)
dialog: It must be so.
text: LAWRENCE simply gets up. He pauses momentarily wondering what
text: to do with his cap, or what to say that will get him out of the room.
text: Quietly, the others have risen also. Tongue-tied. He goes to the
text: door and is awkwardly half way through it when he is arrested by:
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: (in a different voice,
dialog: low and quick, not
dialog: looking at him)
dialog: What I owe you is beyond evaluation.
text: LAWRENCE completes the closing of the door.
text: CLOSE SHOT. BRIGHTON looks after him, concerned. Concerned
text: for the man, concerned that no more has been made of the occasion.
text: On SOUND TRACK we hear ‘a clearing of throats and scraping of chairs
text: as the others reseat themselves.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: The Power House, the Telephone
dialog: Exchange, these I concede. The Pumping
dialog: Plant I must retain.
text: BRIGHTON looks at him, horrified and indignant. They face one
text: another across the desk like a pair of bargaining peasants.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: If you retain the Pumping Plant there
dialog: will be no water, sir.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: I shall be glad of any technical
dialog: assistance.
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: In fairness then, you must bring down your
dialog: Flag!
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: I shall not bring down my Flag. And if
dialog: your men attempt it, my men will resist it.
speaker_heading: TI-122
dialog: 412 Continued
speaker_heading: p— - ALLENBY
dialog: Have you any men, sir.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: Enough for that. It is the kind of thing
dialog: S that makes a very ugly incident. Iam
dialog: sure your Government does not wish to
dialog: . appear at the Peace Conference in the
text: light of an aggressor. It is widely known
dialog: ) the Arab Council took power in my name.
dialog: '® ALLENBY |
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: They have no power, sir. It’s illusory!
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: oe Illusions can be very powerful. Particularly
dialog: when they take this form.
text: He rises and lets drop a pile of newspapers on ALLENBY's desk.
text: os 413 EXTREME CLOSE SHOT. THE NEWSPAPERS. They are in
dialog: oO several languages. The top one is the "Chicago Daily Courier"
text: and there is a reproduction of the photograph taken by BENTLEY
text: after the blood-bath. On SOUND TRACK:
speaker_heading: FEISAL
scene_heading: G (on SOUND TRACK)
dialog: ‘ The world is delighted with the picture of
text: Damascus liberated by the Arab Army.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 414 CLOSESHOT. ALLENBY
speaker_heading: © ALLENBY
dialog: Led, may I remind you, by a British
dialog: serving Officer!
speaker_heading: _ FEISAL
dialog: C (a small smile)
dialog: : Ah yes. But then Aurens is a sword with
dialog: two edges. We are equally glad to be
dialog: rid of him are we not?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: ~~, (between admiration
dialog: I \ and disgust)
dialog: el I thought I was a hard man.
speaker_heading: 414
dialog: @
dialog: soON
speaker_heading: VA
speaker_heading: Tf-123
dialog: Continued
speaker_heading: FEISAL
dialog: You are merely a General. I must
dialog: be a King.
text: He speaks with an archaic dignity which puts several centuries
text: between them. But CLOSE SHOT BRIGHTON. Indignantly, he rams
text: his hat on his head, salutes, says:
speaker_heading: BRIGHTON
dialog: 'Scuse me, sir...
text: And strides from the room without waiting for permission, after
text: LAWRENCE. ALLENBY looks after him rather wryly, then, his
text: guilt causing him to anticipate an attack, he half turns his head
text: towards DRYDEN and barks almost snarls, aggressively:
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Well?
text: DRYDEN in fact was examining his fingers as before, but at this, he
text: too fires and out of his guilt, says with bitter brightness:
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Well it seems we're to have a British
text: Water Works, with an Arab Flag on it.
dialog: (to both)
dialog: D'you ‘think it was worth it?
speaker_heading: ALLENBY
dialog: Not my business. Thank God, I'ma
dialog: soldier.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: Yes, sir: so you keep saying.
speaker_heading: FEISAL
speaker_heading: (to DRYDEN)
dialog: You, I suspect, are chief architect of this ...
dialog: (he chooses the word
dialog: delicately)
dialog: compromise. What do you think?
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Me, your Highness? On the whole, I
dialog: wish I'd stayed in Tunbridge Wells.
speaker_heading: CUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: — 415
dialog: i {
dialog: ) \n?
speaker_heading: 416
dialog: o
dialog: ;
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: 417
dialog: i
dialog: f ey
dialog: 
dialog: II-124
text: LAWRENCE is crossing the Officer's Lounge in the Damascus
text: Headquarters. A few OFFICERS sit about, mostly reading papers.
text: LAWRENCE absently puts on his cap, and hastily takes it off again.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The red-faced MEDICAL OFFICER springs from
text: his chair as LAWRENCE walks past him.
speaker_heading: ' MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: I say!
text: LAWRENCE turns and flinches when he sees who itis. The
text: MEDICAL OFFICER advances on him.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: It's Colonel Lawrence, isn't it?
text: LAWRENCE nods.
dialog: Well may I shake your hand, sir?
text: He does so, chuckling apologetically, without help from LAWRENCE. ‘
text: Then he steps back at attention, and says with manly fervour:
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: Just want to be able to say I've done it, sir.
text: LAWRENCE is going, and then turns back to say, not lightly, but |
text: with deep and serious curiosity:
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Haven't. we met before?
speaker_heading: MEDICAL OFFICER
dialog: Growning)
dialog: _Den't think so, sir...
dialog: (smiling confidently)
dialog: No, sir, I should have remembered that.
dialog: curt rm
text: MEDIUM SHOT ANGLING UP a flight of narrow stairs. BRIGHTON
text: appears quickly at the head of them and descends two at a time. He
text: pushes open a pair of double doors and walks rapidly through an
text: office. He appears through a door into a little courtyard, runs across |
text: it and in through another door. He appears in the Officers’ Lounge
text: walking swiftly through it in the same direction as that taken by
text: LAWRENCE. He runs through the Icbby on to the steps.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 418
speaker_heading: 419
dialog: 420
dialog: 421
dialog: 422
dialog: 1-125
text: CLOSE SHOT. He looks eagerly up and down the drive. The
text: eagerness dies away from his face; he looks crestfallen, disappointed,
text: downright gloomy.
speaker_heading: cuT
text: THE ROAD from Damascus in the after-glow of sunset. It is a level
text: desert. CAMERA is in rear of a travelling staff car. In the front
text: are the DRIVER and LAWRENCE. There is no sound but the wind
text: and the engine. An Army lorry passes us in the opposite direction;
text: then the staff car must slow down for a file of BEDOUIN on camels
text: going in the same direction.
text: CLOSE SHOT. LAWRENCE. He stands and peers up hopefully
text: into their faces as the car crawls past.
scene_heading: MEDIUM TRACKING SHOT. P.O.V. LAWRENCE. Their faces.
text: They show no sign of recognition. We hear the car accelerating,
text: and accelerating, we leave them behind in our dust.
text: CLOSE TRACKING SHOT. The DRIVER and, obscured by him so
text: that in this last moment he is hidden, LAWRENCE. ,
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Well, sir, going home!
dialog: 
text: The car purrs onwards.
scene_heading: LAWRENCE . 4
text: (realising that he has
dialog: been addressed)
dialog: Mm?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Home, sir! :
text: LAWRENCE does not answer by word or expression. The level
text: desert swings endlessly past us. A second Army lorry approaches
text: and swings past us, full of Tommies singing a music-hail ditty of
dialog: the period. (‘Goodbye Dolly, I must leave you...) The sound of
text: their singing disappears swiftly behind us and immediately an Army
text: Dispatch Rider on a motor bicycle passes in the same direction.
text: We glimpse the RIDER and the screen is enveloped in the dust which
text: his machine throws upwards.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
