speaker_heading: THE BUTLER
dialog: by
dialog: Danny Strong
dialog: First Draft
dialog: 03/17/10
dialog: Sony Pictures
dialog: Laura Ziskin Productions
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: Home video footage of an African-American HAND holding up a
text: TUXEDO. We hear the elderly voice of its owner:
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: This was the tux I wore on my first
dialog: day workin’ at the White House on
dialog: September 8, 1957.
text: The video camera pans over to CECIL GAINS, 90, African-
text: American. He is a kind, gentle soul wearing comfy sweatpants
text: and a sweatshirt. We hear the male voice of the CAMERA MAN:
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: Who was your favorite president?
text: Cecil smiles. He would never say who his favorite was.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I liked them all very much.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: Even Nixon?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I especially liked Mr. Nixon, and
dialog: Mrs. Nixon was just lovely.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
speaker_heading: What about LBJ?
text: Cecil starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Well, he was...different, that’s
dialog: fo’ sure, but a very special man.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: Did you ever meet a person you
dialog: didn’t like?
text: Cecil thinks about it, then his smile slowly drops.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: If the Devil wore a green bow in
dialog: his hair, the good Lord woulda’
dialog: named him Annabeth Lewis.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LEWIS HOUSE - PORCH - DAY
text: ANNABETH LEWIS, 45, white, plump, wears a lacy dress and a
text: green bow in her hair. She screams at a young Cecil, 8.
speaker_heading: CHYRON: 1926
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS
dialog: Every single field nigger on this
dialog: farm wants to work inside the
dialog: house! Why in the name of the lord
dialog: and sweet baby Jesus should I take
dialog: a puny little nigger like you?!
text: Terrified, little Cecil stares out at thirty black FIELD
text: WORKERS picking cotton in the hot sun.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: My ma just passed and my pa been
dialog: gone a long tim--
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS
dialog: Boo hoo! Little nigger don’t have
dialog: no kin! Give me a real reason, boy!
text: Little Cecil shivers, terrified:
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Cuz...cuz...I think yo’ green bow
dialog: is awful nice, Mrs. Lewis.
text: Her face turns bright red in anger.
scene_heading: INT. LEWIS HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Annabeth is in the kitchen arranging chicken with lemon
text: slices on an ornate gold tray. Cecil pays close attention.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH WILLIAMS
dialog: When you're servin’ you need to be
dialog: as quiet as you can. I don’t even
dialog: want to hear you breathe.
text: A little scared, Cecil nods.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH WILLIAMS (CONT’D)
dialog: The room should feel emptier when
dialog: you're in it cuz no one likes a
dialog: nigger. You understand me, boy?
text: Cecil nods with simplicity, he understands.
scene_heading: INT. LEWIS HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil stands behind Annabeth holding a bowl of potatoes that
text: she scoops on to her HUSBAND and three pre-teen SON’S plates.
text: Cecil holds his breathe, struggling to not make a peep.
text: Annabeth serves with a distinct elegance, very delicate.
text: Cecil closely eyes her every move as he quickly sips a tiny
text: breathe, then looks around to see if anyone noticed.
scene_heading: INT. TIN SHACK - NIGHT
text: Little Cecil lies awake in a tin shack filled with five other
text: sleeping African-Americans of all ages. Everyone is crammed
text: on the dirty floor, barely able to stretch their legs out.
text: Lying on his back, Cecil mimes pouring water. Practicing.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - DAY
text: Cecil pours iced tea for Annabeth who reads Marie Curie’s
text: autobiography. He puts in two spoon fulls of sugar and stirs.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS
dialog: This is the one day I don’t want
dialog: sugar. Make me another.
text: Disappointed, Cecil takes the glass and walks away.
scene_heading: CUT TO - LATER
text: Cecil walks back in with another iced tea.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS
dialog: Is there honey in it?
text: The look on his face clearly says no.
scene_heading: CUT TO - LATER
text: He walks back in and places another iced tea next to her.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ve decided I don’t want honey, I
dialog: want sugar after all.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I brought it plain along with some
dialog: options, Mrs. Lewis.
text: He gestures in Annabeth’s stylish manner toward the tray
text: where there is a filled sugar bowl, a tiny jar of honey,
text: lemon and lime slices, marble tea cakes and oatmeal cookies.
text: Annabeth forces herself not to smile as she gives Cecil a
text: slight head bow. He is stunned at the first positive gesture.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS
dialog: There are no stirring spoo--
text: But Cecil is already stirring it with a silver stirring
text: spoon. He sets it on a tray, then gives a slight head bow.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you read, Cecil?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: No, Mrs. Lewis.
text: She goes back to her book, flicks her hand at him to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. LEWIS HOUSE - LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Cecil walks into the family library filled with leather bound
text: books. He opens a book and stares at the maze of words. We
dialog: hear 90 year old Cecil in V.O.:
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I'd never seen anything so
dialog: confusing in all my life.
scene_heading: INT. TIN SHACK - NIGHT
text: Cecil sits in the corner as everyone sleeps. Using a candle,
text: he places his finger under each word, silently mouthing it.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: But after awhile I started to get
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. BACK PORCH - LEWIS HOME - NIGHT
text: Cecil is now 15 years old. He sits on the back porch eating
text: grungy meat and potatoes next to the family dog, reading a
text: copy of ‘Huckleberry Finn’. He looks up from the book, sad.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Those books ended up being the
dialog: worst thing to ever happen to me.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTON FIELDS - SUNSET
text: Cecil walks around the cotton field, he looks deeply unhappy.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Until I started readin’, I always
dialog: thought the world ended at the edge
dialog: of the cotton farm.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Annabeth and Cecil serve the family. Annabeth sets fish on a
text: plate and Cecil debones it like a pro. A well oiled duo.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I decided I wasn’t gone read no mo’
dialog: books.
text: Annabeth has a huge fake smile, a servant in her own family.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: But it was too late...
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: Seated at her chair, Annabeth stares up at Cecil, can’t
text: believe what she’s just heard. She looks almost sad.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS
dialog: But...why?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I wanna see some of the things I
dialog: been readin’ about. I been savin’
text: up for almost three year now.
text: Her face becomes very stoic. She goes back to her book.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS
dialog: That's fine. Leave when you like.
text: She flicks him away. He stares at her, surprised and hurt
text: that this is it after all these years. He walks to the door.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Cecil.
text: Cecil stops, looks back at her. There are tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: ANNABETH LEWIS (CONT’D)
dialog: I wanted to be a paleontologist.
scene_heading: INT. FREIGHT TRAIN CAR - NIGHT
text: Cecil rides the rails in a freight train car with a knapsack.
text: He stares at the barren landscape that flies by, enthralled.
text: Seated across from him are two grimy HOBOES, white. Excited
text: by the ride, Cecil smiles at them...they don’t smile back.
scene_heading: INT. FREIGHT TRAIN CAR - MORNING
text: Sunlight beams in on a sleeping Cecil, blood CAKES his head.
text: He struggles to wake up as he feels the pain. He darts awake
text: as he looks around - everything he has is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - DAY
text: Walking down a dirt road with a blood soaked rag to his head,
text: he passes a charred abandoned factory with broken windows.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I started to understand why they
dialog: were callin’ it a Depression.
text: A PRISON TRUCK drives by full of BLACK PRISONERS, all chained
text: together. Cecil stares at the truck, scared this will be him.
scene_heading: EXT. BREAD LINE - CHURCH - DAY
text: A line of ragged looking white men, women and kids, are lined
text: up in a grimy bread line. They SCREAM and hiss at Cecil.
speaker_heading: WHITE CROWD
dialog: Go away!/Leave here!/Die, nigger!
text: Little kids throw stones and rocks at him. Cecil runs away.
scene_heading: INT. TIN SHACK — DAY
text: A rainstorm hammers down upon Cecil who cradles himself in a
text: small tin shack. Water drips on his head. Drip Drip Drip.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I would dream I was cleaning gold
dialog: flatware...
text: He looks like he’s slowly going mad. Drip Drip Drip.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY TOWN - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
text: Cecil stumbles in to a country town through pouring rain. He
text: peers in a window of a closed country store, sees groceries.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: .+-and serving chicken au poivre
text: from a silver tray.
text: Transformed into a depraved soul, he finds a large rock,
text: picks it up to throw it through the window...
text: .--but he suddenly STOPS as he sees a glow in the distance.
text: He slowly walks through the rain toward the glowing light.
text: The closer he gets, the more his eyes fill with fascination.
text: He walks right up to an ornate glass window at a beautiful
text: Southern HOTEL. Through the window he sees...
text: Three BLACK MEN in elegant black tuxedos. They are placing
text: gold forks next to china dishes in an opulent dining room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - HOTEL - DAY
text: Having cleaned up a touch, he is in the kitchen of the hotel.
text: The HEAD BUTLER, black, 40's, glares at him with a meanness.
speaker_heading: HEAD BUTLER
dialog: So tell me, boy, why in the hell
dialog: should I hire you!?
text: Cecil turns to him with a warm smile, completely at ease.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I have found that it is better to
dialog: serve, than be served.
text: The Head Butler tries not to smile.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil is seated on a chair, still being filmed.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: When did you end up in DC?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Ah, come on now. I got to start
dialog: gettin’ ready for tonight.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: Just a few more questions.
text: Cecil sighs, resigned.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I got to Washington DC about ten
dialog: years later. I went there to enlist
dialog: so I could fight in the war...
scene_heading: INT. EXCELSIOR HOTEL - LOBBY - WASHINGTON DC - NIGHT
text: A WEALTHY COUPLE walks in to the grand lobby of the Hotel.
text: Waiting for them with scotch on a silver tray is Cecil, now
text: 25. He wears a black vest and tie, exudes class and grace.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: ...but the army wasn’t so
dialog: interested in takin’ negroes.
scene_heading: INT. WINE CELLAR - DAY
text: Cecil delicately pours red wine into a glass decanter, a lit
text: candle under it to see the sediments more clearly.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: And the negroes they did take, they
dialog: only used for cleanin’ and servin’.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Cecil shakes a martini shaker with grace and style. He twists
text: off the top and effortlessly pours the martini into a glass.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: But I wouldn’t have minded.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - DAY
text: Cecil hangs a guest’s suit and shirt into the closet, then
text: checks the buttons on the shirt, one at a time.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I would've been happy servin’ a
dialog: Colonel escargot in France...
text: Discovering one of the buttons is loose, he pulls out a
text: needle and thread from his pocket and begins to re-sew it.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: ...or pouring a General jasmine tea
dialog: in Tokyo.
text: Then, he hears CRYING in the next room. He peaks in and sees
text: the shy maid, GLORIA, 22, black, crying on the floor.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What’s the matter, Gloria?
text: She holds up a white dress shirt covered in a red wine stain.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
text: The glass slipped.
dialog: (Starts crying again)
dialog: I can’t lose this job, Cecil.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Cecil holds the shirt under the sink as he vigorously rubs a
text: bar of soap over the stain. She watches him, impressed.
speaker_heading: CECIL
text: There's magic in a simple bar of
dialog: soap, but it only works if the
dialog: water is real hot.
text: He holds it up, the stain is coming out. She smiles.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Everyone say you real kind.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Ah, it ain’t nothin’.
text: But she keeps smiling at him...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Gloria stands in front of a PASTOR, wears a wedding dress.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I do.
text: CUT TO - CECIL. He is next to her, looks slightly terrified.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: A wedding reception is being held in the basement. A jazz
text: band plays as dozens of people dance, drink and celebrate.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I didn’t have no kin folk there,
dialog: but Gloria sho’ made up for it.
text: Cecil walks around serving cocktails. Gloria hurries over and
text: takes the tray. He shrugs, embarrassed, just can’t help it.
text: She escorts him to the dance floor as the band plays a slow
text: tune. They slow dance, foreheads touching, madly in love.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Should I bring out hors devours?
text: She shakes her head, no. Kisses him on the mouth.
scene_heading: INT. COLORED HOTEL - HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil carries Gloria into their honeymoon suite, a dank room
text: with dirty carpets. They look like they are in Heaven.
scene_heading: INT. COLORED HOTEL - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: They lie in bed next to each other, cuddling. Gloria looks
text: blissful, but Cecil seems pensive.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What’s wrong, baby doll?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I was just thinkin’ about Annabeth
dialog: Lewis.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: That mean ole cracker woman?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I feel so sad for her.
dialog: (Turns to Gloria)
dialog: She neve’ had no one love her the
dialog: way I’m gonna love you.
text: Gloria starts to beam.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna give you a house and a
dialog: family and I’m gonna take care of
dialog: us for the rest of our lives.
dialog: Nothin’ ever gonna tear my family
dialog: apart. You hear me, honey bear?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I hear you, baby doll.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CHANGING ROOM - HOTEL - DAY
text: Cecil changes his clothes in the run down locker room. The
text: HOTEL MANAGER, 50’s, white, walks in. He looks concerned.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Cecil, there’s a problem.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
text: Gloria is in the hospital.
scene_heading: EXT. EXCELSIOR HOTEL - DAY
text: Cecil stands outside the hotel trying to hail a taxi, but
text: none will stop. Panicked, he sees the Wealthy Couple getting
text: into a Bentley. An awkward look as they know he needs a ride.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON DC - DAY
text: Cecil runs down a street waving at cabs that won’t stop. He
text: sprints past a store with a ‘WHITES ONLY’ sign on it.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL BUILDING - DAY
text: Cecil runs past the US Capitol Building.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPREME COURT - DAY
text: He runs past the Supreme Court of the United States.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: He hurries down the hallway of a dilapidated hospital, finds
text: the door he’s looking for. A young NURSE, black, stops him.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You can’t go in there. She needs
dialog: rest.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Please, I need to see her--
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I said ya can’t go--
text: But he moves past her and hurries in to the room.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lying on a hospital bed in a room with four other PATIENTS is
text: Gloria, she looks terrible, exhausted. Cecil hurries to her.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You okay, honey bear?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Your son came early, baby doll.
text: Tears fill his eyes at the news.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It’s a boy?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: And he don’t wait for no one.
scene_heading: INT. MATERNITY WARD - NIGHT
text: Cecil is in the hospital nursery holding his newborn baby BOY
text: who cries with all the other newborns. Cecil is in love.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I promise I’1l never leave you,
dialog: Louis.
text: His son continues to cry.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothin’ ever gonna tear us apart.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The Gains house is packed with many NEIGHBORS, all African
text: American, as Cecil walks around serving all of his friends
text: fried chicken, biscuits and corn on the cob on a silver tray.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Everything was real nice for a long
dialog: time.
text: Seated by himself in the corner is LOUIS, now 12 years old, a
text: little chubby, he reads a comic book.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You wanna join the group, Louis?
dialog: 13.
text: Cecil nods to the BOYS seated in the living room. Louis
text: shrugs, ‘not really’. Cecil gives him an understanding wink.
text: A fun neighbor, HOWARD, 40’s, charismatic, grills the boys.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: What do you want to be when you
dialog: grow up, Elroy?
text: A small boy in army fatigues, ELROY, 8, points at Cecil.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: I wanna work at a fancy hotel just
dialog: like Mr. Gains.
text: The room ‘ahhhs’ as Elroy’s mom, GINA, heavy, smiles.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: That’s my boy.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: What about you, Louis? You want to
dialog: work at a hotel like your dad?
text: The room turns to Louis who looks unsure, a touch lost.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I...I don’t know.
text: There is a moment of silence, Cecil looks almost embarrassed.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: That's alright, Louis, you take
dialog: your time.
text: Cecil smiles at Louis, but it’s clear there’s the slightest
text: ounce of concern for his son who’s a touch different.
scene_heading: INT. EXCELSIOR HOTEL - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Holding a tray of martinis, Cecil approaches a table of
text: WEALTHY MEN. A man with CREW CUT, 40’s, stern, searches his
text: pocket for matches as he listens to a LOUD PATRON.
speaker_heading: LOUD PATRON
dialog: The best decision that court ever
dialog: made was to slow the whole mess
text: down. Nigger boys in school with
dialog: white girls?! Hell, we’d have
dialog: another civil war!
text: He sets his scotch down close to the table’s edge. Cecil
text: glances at it, then notes how full the other glasses are.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: LOUD PATRON (CONT’D)
dialog: Cecil, what do you think of nigger
dialog: kids in school with white folks?
text: All eyes turn to Cecil, the Crew Cut Man paying particular
text: attention as he keeps searching for matches.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (Refined voice)
dialog: To be honest, Mr. Jenkins, I tend
dialog: not to be too concerned with
dialog: American or European politics.
text: The Crew Cut Man smiles, liked the answer.
speaker_heading: LOUD PATRON
dialog: Nor should you, Cecil, they’re all
dialog: criminals. Earl Warren should be
dialog: hanged. He’s the dumb son-of-a-
dialog: bitch judge that said it was okay
dialog: to integrate the schools.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I think Judge Warren is going to
dialog: find that quite a challenge.
speaker_heading: LOUD PATRON
dialog: Damn, straight, Cecil!
text: He pats Cecil on the back, knocking the scotch off the table.
text: In one motion, Cecil CATCHES it, places it in on the table
text: and LIGHTS the Crew Cut Man’s cigar with his other hand.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: More spirits, gentleman?
text: Puffing out smoke, the Crew Cut Man grins at Cecil.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I didn’t know it then...
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil stares forward, lost in thought.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: ..-but things were about to change.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY
text: Seated by himself reading a comic book, Louis notices a group
text: of kids huddled around something. He walks over to them.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What are ya all lookin’ at?
text: A TEEN holds up a copy of Jet Magazine opened to a gruesome
text: picture of a black teen boy’s CORPSE with a mutilated face.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Who’s that?
speaker_heading: TEEN
dialog: Emmet Till. Some crackers did this
dialog: to ‘em in Mississippi for talkin’
text: to a white girl.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: How old was he?
speaker_heading: TEEN
dialog: Fourteen.
text: Louis can’t help it, he starts to cry.
scene_heading: INT. CECIL’S CAR - DAY
text: Cecil drives Louis home from school in his Ford 2 door. Louis
text: stares in silence at his lower class neighborhood of small,
text: but lively storefronts - grocers, liquor stores, restaurants.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I’m sorry I got so upset at school.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: That magazine neve’ shoulda
dialog: published that picture. They should
dialog: be ashamed of themselves.
text: Louis looks at his father.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why did they kill him?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Emmet Till. He didn’t do nuthin’.
text: Cecil doesn’t answer at first. Then -
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: The law is different fo’ colored
dialog: folk than it is fo’ white folk.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: There's certain things that colored
dialog: folk can’t do or say.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: Never get in trouble with the law,
dialog: Louis, and you’ll be just fine.
text: Louis stares at him, uneasy with what his dad just told him.
scene_heading: INT. CHANGING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil is changing into his street clothes when the Hotel
text: Manager sticks his head into the room, he looks concerned.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Are you in trouble with the law?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: The Secret Service just called me
dialog: asking about you.
text: Cecil stares at him, baffled.
scene_heading: EXT. BLAIR HOUSE - DAY
text: Cecil walks up to the Blair House, a federal-style townhouse
text: that faces the WHITE HOUSE. He glances at the White House,
text: takes a breath, then walks into the Blair House.
scene_heading: INT. FREDDIE FALLOW’S OFFICE - BLAIR HOUSE - DAY
text: Cecil sits in a small office, finely furnished with turn of
text: the century antiques. He sits across from FREDDIE FALLOWS,
text: black, mid-50’s, has the formality of English royalty.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Are you political, Mr. Gains?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Good, we have no tolerance for
dialog: politics at the White House.
text: Slight beat.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Forgive me for asking, but how did
dialog: you find me?
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: (Icy)
dialog: I didn’t. You served RD Warner at
dialog: the Excelsior Hotel a few years
dialog: ago. He is the Chief Usher here
dialog: which means he oversees operations
dialog: for the entire House. Needless to
dialog: say, you made quite an impression.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: A few years ago?
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Mr. Warner and myself make note of
text: potential staff around town, but
dialog: butler positions rarely open as
dialog: most stay on for 30 years or more.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I see. It was quite a surprise
dialog: getting the call.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: It was a surprise for me as well.
dialog: As the White House Maitre D’, I
dialog: normally hire the butlers.
text: Cecil immediately knows that Freddie doesn’t want him.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Forgive me for saying this, Mr.
dialog: Fallows, but I certainly wouldn't
dialog: want to be hired under
dialog: circumstances that would make you
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: You wouldn’t?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Absolutely not. Your job must be
dialog: immensely challenging, serving the
dialog: President of the United States. You
dialog: need butlers that you’ve hand
dialog: picked, men to your liking that
dialog: will fulfill your vision of a
dialog: proper White House staff.
text: Cecil glances at a collection of crystal doves on his desk.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Are these baccarat?
text: Freddie looks surprised.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Indeed.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Waterford is pleasant, and the
dialog: Irish certainly make a great
dialog: whiskey, but I think the French
dialog: have a distinct advantage when it
text: comes to crystal.
text: Freddie stares at Cecil for a beat. Then:
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Would you care for a demitasse?
scene_heading: INT. GAINS LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Gloria, Louis, Gina and Elroy and several neighbors are all
text: in the living room, waiting. Elroy is very excited, but Louis
text: looks indifferent, reading a book. From upstairs they hear -
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Y'all ready?
text: They all shout ‘yes’ in unison. Cecil slowly walks down the
text: stairs. They first see his shiny shoes, then his sleek pants
text: and finally the full view - a perfectly tailored tuxedo.
text: The entire room applauds as Gloria tears up, so proud.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: My baby is the President’s butler.
text: Elroy is in total awe, but Louis looks a little uneasy.
scene_heading: INT. EMPLOYEES PARKING LOT - WHITE HOUSE - MORNING
text: Cecil is in his car in the employees parking lot that
text: overlooks the South Lawn, directly behind the White House. He
text: gets out and looks around, eyes peeled open in awe.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - EAST WING PATHWAY - DAY
text: Cecil walks down a treeline pathway toward the side entrance
text: where flags stick out of lamp posts. He stops at the Security
text: Gate, a shed with a glass window.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: My name is Cecil Gains. I’m the new
dialog: butler.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - FIRST FLOOR CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Cecil and Freddie walk through the elegant first floor of the
text: entrance hall. Marble walls with red carpet and pink tiled
text: floors, a French palace and a museum rolled into one.
text: Four HOUSEMEN, all black, late 20's, are setting up ropes,
text: barriers and tables for the White House tour.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: We have six houseman who are
dialog: primarily responsible for furniture
dialog: and chair arrangements.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Six men just to move the tables?
text: Freddie gives him a ‘you have no idea’ look.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: There are over 70 full time
text: employees at the House.
text: They walk the Cross Hall passing the Presidential portraits.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: 16 maids, 6 butlers, 4 carpenters,
dialog: 2 painters, 7 electricians, 9
dialog: engineers, 2 plumbers, 2 grounds
dialog: keepers, 3 florists, 2 pantry men,
dialog: 3 dishwashers, 3 doorman, 4
text: florists, a full kitchen staff
dialog: including pastry chef and 3 full
dialog: time calligraphers.
text: Freddie nods at a small MAN who sets a clock in the hall.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE (CONT'D)
text: And Joe sets all the clocks.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: That’s his only job?
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Every hour of every day, he makes
dialog: sure that every clock is set to the
dialog: exact time.
dialog: 20.
text: The Crew Cut Man from the hotel, RD WARNER, walks by. Cecil’s
text: eyes light up, he steps forward.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Mr. Warner, I just want to thank
dialog: you for this opportuni--
text: But RD Warner keeps walking, doesn’t even acknowledge him.
text: Cecil is surprised by the snub. Freddie whispers in his ear:
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: The Chief Usher is not overly
text: friendly with the colored help.
text: Cecil nods, he gets it.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - BUTLER’S LOCKER ROOM - MORNING
text: Cecil enters the plain locker room with chipped benches. Two
text: butlers are changing into tuxes, BOOKER PARKER, 32, short and
text: fiery, and CARTER WILSON, 40, stocky with a solemn demeanor.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Ten to one those kids never see the
dialog: inside of that classroo--.
text: They immediately clam up as they see Cecil. Eyeing the new
text: guy. Cecil holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I’m Cecil Gains, the new butler.
text: Carter shakes his hand first.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Carter Wilson, head butler and this
dialog: is Booker Parker, second butler.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Where ya stand on civil rights,
dialog: blood?
text: Cecil is taken back. Carter shoots Booker a frustrated look.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Why don’t you shake the man’s hand
dialog: first?
text: Booker holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Sorry about that.
dialog: 21.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: BOOKER (CONT'D)
dialog: So where do you stand on civil
dialog: rights, blood?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Don’t mind Booker, he’s just angry
dialog: his name is Booker.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Of all the goddamn names!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I thought we weren’t supposed to
dialog: discuss politics.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
text: Out there in the White House, but
dialog: you in the black house now, boy,
dialog: and I’m just a blood that’s curious
text: where the other blood stand.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: You don’t have to answer, Cecil, no
text: one else does.
text: Cecil turns to Booker, smiles with warmth.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I don’t think those negroes down
dialog: South want any more trouble than
dialog: they've already got.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Amen to that!
text: Carter high fives Cecil. Fast friends. Booker smiles.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: That's alright, that’s alright.
dialog: (Upper crust voice)
dialog: Now if you gentleman will excuse
dialog: me, the First Family needs their
dialog: filet mignon and Grand Mariner. A
dialog: pleasure meeting you, Mr. Gains.
text: He bows his head, then walks out. Carter smiles at Cecil.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Welcome to the House.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - STATE DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil and Fallows stand in the State Dining Room, an elegant
text: room with ornate gold curtains, gold chandelier and a massive
text: portrait of Abraham Lincoln over the marble fire place.
text: They hover over a dinning table covered in the finest china,
text: crystal and flatware. Freddie points to the crystal glasses.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: The glasses are always placed in
dialog: the following order: Water, white,
dialog: red and flute. Always serve from
dialog: the left and when lifting a plate--
text: He leans in from the left and effortlessly lifts the plate.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: --you must never scrape the bottom.
text: The tinkle of silverware will get
dialog: an immediate report to me which I
dialog: report to the Chief Usher.
text: Cecil nods, but it’s clear that this is serious business.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You must never listen or react to a
dialog: conversation. The room should feel--
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: --emptier when I’m in it.
text: Freddie nods.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: And never ever rush service,
dialog: because Mrs. Eisenhower is watching
dialog: you like a hawk.
text: As if on cue, the door opens and in walks MAMIE EISENHOWER,
text: 59, with her SOCIAL SECRETARY. In a sundress, Mamie dresses
text: youthful with curly bangs, but she acts like a general.
speaker_heading: MAMIE
dialog: Freddie, I just finished tonight's
dialog: menus. I’ve decided to change
dialog: asparagus to green beans.
text: The Social Secretary hands Freddie the menus.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Very good, Mrs. Eisenhower. Allow
dialog: me to introduce our new butler,
dialog: Cecil Gains.
dialog: 23.
text: Cecil gives a slight head bow.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: A true honor, Mrs. Eisenhower.
speaker_heading: MAMIE
dialog: Never rush service, Cecil, and
dialog: you'll be alright with me.
dialog: (Turns to Freddie)
dialog: Speaking of which, at the Navy
dialog: dinner, I noticed that on three
dialog: separate occasions, Roger picked up
dialog: courses too soon. This is the third
dialog: time I’ve mentioned his service.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: It is unacceptable, Mrs. Eisenhower
dialog: and I assure you that his presence
dialog: will no longer be required.
text: Cecil looks surprised, it’s cutthroat here. Mamie feels bad.
speaker_heading: MAMIE
dialog: Oh, now, that’s not necessary,
dialog: Freddie, give him one more shot.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: I prefer not, Mrs. Eisenhower, he
dialog: has tried both our patience.
speaker_heading: MAMIE
dialog: Well...if you insist.
text: Mamie smiles at Cecil, flipping from General to hostess.
speaker_heading: MAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome to the House, Cecil, I hope
dialog: your time here is pleasurable.
text: And with that, she moves on as quickly as she came.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: Let's begin, shall we.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - LATER
text: Cecil is in the small kitchen with steel appliances and
text: cabinets. He places a teapot on a silver tray as the STAFF,
text: black, shoot him glances, they know it’s his first serving.
text: As he lifts the tray, a photographer takes a picture of him
text: to record the moment. He looks fantastic in his fitted tuxedo
text: holding a beautiful tea set. Freddie whispers in his ear:
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: You hear nothing, you see nothing,
dialog: you only serve.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST WING - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Cecil walks down the hall to the corridor entrance of the
text: Oval Office. A tiny bead of sweat forms on his forehead.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING - OVAL OFFICE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: He walks into the corridor, a SECRET SERVICE AGENT stops him.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Tea for the president.
scene_heading: INT. WEST WING - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Cecil walks in to the Oval Office and sees DWIGHT D.
text: EISENHOWER standing upright at attention by his desk. His
text: presence is enormous, but he exudes a grandfatherly warmth.
text: Cecil tries not to stare at him, but it’s hard not to. He
text: sets the tray down and begins to pour a cup of tea.
text: Two other men are seated on the sofas - the Chief of Staff,
text: SHERMAN ADAMS, 56, tough and harsh, is in an argument with
text: Attorney General, HERBERT BROWNELL, 51, calm and low keyed.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN ADAMS
dialog: So what are you suggesting? Sending
dialog: federal troops to Little Rock?
scene_heading: HERBERT BROWNELL
dialog: If it comes to that, then yes.
text: Cecil picks up the cup and saucer, but it rattles as his hand
text: SHAKES from nerves. He grips the cup with the other hand to
text: stop the rattling and carefully sets it down on Ike’s desk.
text: Ike steps forward, his presence overtakes the room.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No, no, no. I can’t see any
dialog: situation where I’d send troops to
dialog: the South. Ever. It would cause
dialog: another Civil War.
text: Cecil begins to pour another cup, his hand shakes even more.
text: He’s not listening, totally focused on not spilling.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: HERBERT BROWNELL
dialog: If the Federal government doesn’t
dialog: enforce Brown, then who will? The
dialog: South must comply with the law.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: The South has been in compliance
dialog: with the law for the last 60 years.
dialog: They've built their entire society
dialog: around the law. Then, in one day,
dialog: that damn fool Earl Warren tells
dialog: them their entire way of life is
dialog: now illegal. It’s going to take
dialog: some time for them to adjust.
text: Cecil pours another cup, but a tiny bit of tea pours over the
text: edge. He quickly takes out a napkin and drys the saucer.
scene_heading: HERBERT BROWNELL
dialog: I understand, Mr. President, but if
text: Faubus continues to block the negro
dialog: children, then we must enforce the
dialog: Constitution.
text: Cecil places a cup of tea in front of Sherman Adams, trying
dialog: to be as obsequious as possible.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN ADAMS
dialog: Let’s give Faubus more time. With a
text: little persuading, he’1ll back down.
dialog: We just want to move slowly.
text: Ike sips his tea as he struggles through his feelings.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I am for moderation...but I am also
dialog: for progress.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: That is exactly what I am for.
text: Cecil grabs his tray and hurries out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. CORRIDOR TO OVAL OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Walking out of the Oval Office, sweat freely pours down
text: Cecil’s face. He dabbles a handkerchief on his forehead.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I was so scared I didn’t hear one
dialog: word those men said.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - FRONT PORCH - DAY
text: Cecil serves Gloria, Louis and Elroy dinner as everyone
text: listens with rapture.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Then my hands started shakin’.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: Did you spill, Mr. Gains?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: A little, but I cleaned it before
dialog: anyone saw.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What did the President talk about?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You know I can’t tell anyone that.
text: Gloria nods, a little disappointed, but understands.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: Butlers know secrets?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: They know everything, but they tell
dialog: nothing. That’s the butler’s code.
text: Elroy grins, very exciting. Louis clears his throat, loudly.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: You got a bone in your throat or
dialog: you got something to say?
text: Louis takes out a flyer and hands it to his dad, it reads -
text: ‘MAMIE TILL, MOTHER OF EMMET TILL, SPEAKS OUT!’
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I really want to go to this.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Absolutely not. No way.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Nuthin’ good can come goin’ to this
dialog: sort of thing. Nuthin’. I’m sorry,
dialog: Louis, the answer is no.
text: Gloria glances at Louis who can’t hide his disappointment.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT
text: Gloria and Louis are in a packed African-American church.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You promise you won’t tell your
dialog: father I brought you here?
text: Louis nods, so thrilled to be there. Up on the stage walks
text: MAMIE TILL, 34, black, pretty. The audience gives her a warm
text: round of applause.
text: She walks to a podium next to a large black & white picture
text: on a pedestal of the smiling Emmet Till. On another pedestal
text: is the photo of his mutilated corpse. She speaks softly:
speaker_heading: MAMIE TILL
dialog: If I should cry for the rest of my
dialog: life there wouldn’t be enough tears
dialog: for my son Emmett Till.
text: The audience yells ‘That’s right!’ and ‘Tell it like it is!’
speaker_heading: MAMIE TILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just a quiet house wife from
dialog: Chicago, I never once saw myself as
dialog: having the courage to stand up in
dialog: front of people and speak my mind,
dialog: but we can’t allow what happened to
dialog: my boy to ever happen again!
text: The audience jumps to its feet, screaming with fire. Louis
text: yells, transformed by Mamie Till who looks right at him:
speaker_heading: MAMIE TILL (CONT'D)
dialog: We all gonna be tested...
text: Louis is taken aback, he never thought he would be tested.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - IKE’S BEDROOM —- MORNING
text: Ike stands in front of his VALET, a Filipino man in a Navy
text: uniform. The Valet buttons Ike’s shirt up for him.
speaker_heading: MAMIE TILL V.O.
dialog: .--and only then will we see who is
text: truly on the side of the righteous.
text: Ike stares forward in deep thought, very conflicted.
text: Cecil walks into the room with a coffee as the Valet takes
text: the President’s dirty pajamas and exits. Ike sips the coffee.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Cecil, did you mind going to an all
dialog: colored school?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I didn’t go to school, Mr.
dialog: President, I grew up on a cotton
dialog: farm.
text: Ike stares at him for a beat, then nods. As Cecil turns to
text: leave, he sees a furious Sherman Adams in the doorway.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SHERMAN ADAMS
dialog: The State Guard just blocked all
dialog: the colored kids from entering the
dialog: school again.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Faubus promised me he’d let them
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN ADAMS
dialog: The Governor lied, Mr. President.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Ike sits behind his desk as he speaks directly into a TV
text: camera. Sherman Adams and Herbert Brownell are in the room.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I have today issued an Executive
dialog: Order directing the use of troops
dialog: under Federal authority to aid in
dialog: the execution of Federal law at
dialog: Little Rock, Arkansas.
text: Brownell shoots Sherman Adams a subtle look, Adams shrugs.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Cecil, Booker and Carter watch the announcement with the
text: dishwashers in the kitchen. Everyone has a look of pride.
speaker_heading: IKE (FROM THE TV)
dialog: ‘Thus will restore the image of
dialog: America and of all its parts as one
dialog: nation...’
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON DC - MORNING
text: Louis and Elroy walk to school as we hear Ike finish up:
speaker_heading: IKE V.O.
dialog: “,..indivisible with liberty and
dialog: justice for all.”
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: Does this mean we're all gonna go
dialog: to white schools now?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Probably not right away, but I bet
dialog: by the time I graduate high school,
dialog: every school will be integrated.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: A huge auditorium is packed with friends and family for a
text: high school graduation ceremony. The PRINCIPAL, black,
text: announces the names of the graduates.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Sarah Feener.
text: In cap & gown, she walks across the stage to get her diploma.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL (CONT’D)
dialog: Louis Gains.
text: Cecil, Gloria, Elroy, Gina and all the neighbors cheer like
text: crazy as Louis walks across the stage. Three years older,
text: Louis is a fit, handsome, but still shy young man.
text: We PAN ACROSS the rows of the GRADUATES in cap and gowns -
dialog: every single one is black. There has been no integration.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION - DAY
text: Cecil and Louis drag a trunk full of clothes to the cargo
text: load of a Greyhound bus as Gloria waits by the door.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You sure you wanna go all the way
dialog: down to Tennessee?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Fisk is a really good school, dad.
text: Cecil tries to smile through the pain of losing his son.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I know, I know, it’s just so far
dialog: away. That’s all.
text: Louis looks right at his dad.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: That’s the point.
text: He walks back to his mom. Cecil is taken aback, confused.
text: Gloria awaits by the bus door in tears, she hugs Louis.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I can’t believe my boy is going off
dialog: to college.
text: Then Cecil hugs Louis, holds on to him a little bit longer
text: than he should, just doesn’t want to let go.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You're the first person in this
dialog: family to ever go to college.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I know, Dad.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You make me proud, Louis, you make
dialog: the whole neighborhood proud. I
dialog: love you so much.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I love you too, Dad.
text: Cecil finally lets go. Louis takes a deep breathe, then gets
text: on the bus. The white BUS DRIVER nods to him to go to the
text: back, Louis nods back, no problem, sits at the back.
text: As the bus pulls away from the station, Louis waves to his
text: parents who wave back. They hold each other as they watch
text: their son go off to college, a sadness filling their souls.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil stares forward with the same look from the
text: bus station, sadness. The Camera Man changes the subject.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: So what was a typical day like?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: At the White House. What was a
dialog: typical day like?
text: Cecil smiles.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: There was no typical day.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - STATE DINNING ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE UP - an escargot dish filled with delicious snails.
text: Cecil sets the tray down in front of the President of France.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: One day I'd be servin’ escargot to
dialog: President Charles De Gaulle...
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - SOUTH LAWN - DAY
text: Cecil hands Ike a putter on the South Lawn putting hole.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: ...the next day I’d be a caddy.
text: Ike misses the shot, slams the putter on the grass.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil smiles into the camera with pride.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I never did make it to Japan...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - BLUE ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil pours tea for Japanese EMPEROR HIROHITO.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: .--but I did get to pour tea for
dialog: Emperor Hirohito.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CHINA STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT
text: A weary Cecil and Booker place the Truman China back into
text: boxes. The room is filled with all of the White House China.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: We always worked long hours...
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CHOCOLATE SHOP - NIGHT
text: Cecil, Booker and Carter help the pastry chef, LUKE JA’DEAN,
text: 50's, passionate, make an elaborate french dessert.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: .--but I loved every minute of it.
text: The Vice-President, RICHARD NIXON, 47, walks in. He feels
text: like the kid in school that desperately wanted to be liked.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I brought you gentleman something
dialog: very special.
text: Nixon pulls out four buttons that say ‘NIXON FOR PRESIDENT.
text: 1960’. The butlers all ‘coo’, immediately put them on.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: We’re all cheering for you, Mr.
dialog: Vice-President.
text: Carter nods but Booker smiles a little too wide.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Now I don’t want to say anything
dialog: negative about that Kennedy boy,
dialog: I’m sure he’s a fine fellow, but do
dialog: you really want a spoiled rich brat
dialog: who never lifted a finger in his
dialog: spoiled rich brat life to be your
dialog: next president!?
text: Everyone shakes their heads as Nixon dabs a handkerchief on
text: his forehead. Nothing gets him angrier than Kennedy’s wealth.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Now let me ask all of you, as
dialog: members of the negro community,
dialog: what are your biggest concerns?
text: The Butlers all stare back at him, no one wants to answer.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, don’t be shy. I want to
dialog: have a focus group here.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Well, Mr. Vice President, the
dialog: colored help gets paid almost 40%
dialog: less than the white help.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: You don’t say?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Yes, sir, and it’s very difficult
dialog: for us to be promoted. There isn’t
text: a single colored houseman that’s
dialog: been made an engineer and many of
dialog: them have been here for years.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I tell ya what, Booker, when I’m
dialog: President, the first thing I’m
dialog: going to do is look into getting
dialog: you gentleman the raises and
dialog: promotions you deserve. Of course
dialog: I’1ll have to check with certain
dialog: oversight committees and the
dialog: National Trust foundation, if we
dialog: have one, but I’1l definitely look
dialog: into it.
text: Booker grins, doesn’t buy it.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: That would be swell, Mr. Vice
dialog: President.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What about you, Cecil? What are
dialog: your concerns? Civil Rights?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Oh, no, sir, that’s none of my
dialog: business. I just want my boy to
dialog: have a good education.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Damn straight.
speaker_heading: LUKE JA’DEAN
text: Zezil’s zun just went off to
dialog: college.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE JA’DEAN
dialog: His zun just went off to college?
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: What?
scene_heading: BOOKER AND CARTER
text: His son just went off to college.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Ohhhhh. ‘Son’. Got it. The accent.
dialog: Well congratulations, Cecil, what a
dialog: fine accomplishment, just fine.
dialog: Where’s he going?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Fisk University.
text: Richard Nixon’s face drops. All of his ‘campaign’ enthusiasm
text: vanishes as the shrewd Tricky Dick pops out.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: In Nashville?
text: Cecil nods. Nixon leans into him.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell does he want to go to
dialog: the deep South for?
text: All eyes on Cecil who shrugs, he doesn’t really know.
scene_heading: INT. NASHVILLE STREET - NIGHT
text: Louis is in a rundown area, wooden shacks with dirt lawns. He
text: holds a flyer with a picture of a Hindu Goddess on it,
text: written across the top is ‘FELLOWSHIP OF RECONCILIATION’.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You lookin’ for love?
text: From out of the shadows steps CAROL BLUE, 19, black, wears a
text: school girl skirt and has her hair in a modern coiled flair.
text: Carol exudes a natural charisma, outgoing and brash.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what some of us are calling
dialog: the Lawson workshop, the love
dialog: school. Is that what you’re lookin’
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yeah, that’s why I came to Fisk.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Me too!
dialog: (Holds out her hand)
dialog: I’m Carol Blue.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Louis Gains.
dialog: 35.
text: They shake hands, but she doesn’t let go.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Well come on then, Mr. Gains, Mr.
dialog: Lawson is awaitin’ us!
text: She drags him toward a small red brick chapel on the corner.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn, boy, I’m amazed I saw you,
dialog: you the darkest nigger I eve’ seen.
text: Louis blushes, he’s in love.
scene_heading: INT. CLARK MEMORIAL UNITED METHODIST - BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The room is full of COLLEGE STUDENTS, all black, they listen
text: to JAMES LAWSON, 29, black, bespectacled. Very zen, mystical.
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON
dialog: Satya is truth which equals love.
dialog: Agraha means force.
text: He points to a picture on the wall of MAHATMA GHANDI.
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON (CONT’D)
dialog: Mahatma Ghandi combined them into
dialog: one word, Satyagraha, to mean love
dialog: force. This is the foundation of
dialog: his philosophy of non-violent
dialog: resistance and it’s what Martin
dialog: King used in his bus boycott a few
dialog: years back. We will study Ghandi’s
dialog: techniques to train you to become
dialog: an army, but in this army, your
dialog: only weapon will be love.
scene_heading: CUT TO - LATER
text: James Lawson has his jacket off, sleeves rolled up. Everyone
text: is paired up into teams of two seated across from each other.
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON (CONT’D)
dialog: When they scream at you, visualize
dialog: them as a baby...a time before they
dialog: were taught to hate.
scene_heading: CUT TO - LATER
text: Carol curls into a fetal position as a student ‘kicks’ her.
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON (CONT’D)
dialog: Always protect your vital organs.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: CUT TO - LATER
text: Louis is surrounded by students yelling and spitting on him.
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s not enough to resist the urge
dialog: to strike back. You must have no
dialog: desire to strike back. You must
dialog: love the person that’s hitting you,
dialog: you must love the hell out of them,
dialog: because that is the only way you
dialog: can change their heart.
text: James Lawson steps forward to make the most important point.
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON (CONT’D)
dialog: For it is only when they learn to
dialog: love you back that we will truly
dialog: become a Beloved Community.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN NASHVILLE - DAY
text: Louis and Carol walk down the street with three students. The
text: men in suits, women in blouses, all nervous, but determined.
text: Carol grabs Louis’ hand as they walk hand in hand toward -
scene_heading: WOOLWORTHS DEPARTMENT STORE.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - STATE DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Twenty butlers and housemen are setting up for a State
text: Dinner. Cecil sets down a plate followed by Carter with the
text: gold flatware, followed by Booker with the wine glasses.
text: RD Warner stands under the painting of Abraham Lincoln as the
text: black staff scrambles to set up the ornate room.
scene_heading: INT. WOOLWORTHS LUNCH COUNTER - 2ND FLOOR - DAY
text: The five students get off the escalator and walk right up to
text: the LUNCH COUNTER. It is half filled with WHITE PATRONS.
text: The black students sit down at the counter. The white patrons
text: immediately look at them. A WAITRESS drops her tray.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Y'all can’t sit here.
text: But the students stare forward, they aren’t going to move.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT
text: MILITARY AIDES escort LADIES in dresses into the East Room as
text: their MALE dates tag along. As they all line up on the red
text: carpet, the doors to the State Dining Room open revealing -
text: The BUTLERS upright at their stations dressed in tailed
text: tuxedos. The candle lit tables are covered in the finest
text: china, flatware and crystal. A vision of pure opulence.
speaker_heading: MILITARY AIDE
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, the President
dialog: and First Lady of the United
dialog: States.
text: The Military Band strikes up ‘Hail to the Chief’ as Ike and
text: Mamie walks down the corridor lined with Military Aides.
scene_heading: INT. WOOLWORTHS LUNCH COUNTER - NIGHT
text: Having sat for hours, the students still sit at the counters
text: reading books as many white ONLOOKERS stare from a distance.
text: Concern fills Carol as she points toward the escalator -
text: A group of angry white TEENAGERS are walking toward them.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - STATE DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: All of the guests are seated at their tables as Cecil and the
text: butlers stand at attention. Freddie nods at the butlers who
text: start serving filet of sole. Cecil elegantly sets one down.
speaker_heading: GUEST
dialog: Do you think I could have some
dialog: ketchup?
scene_heading: INT. WOOLWORTHS LOUNCH COUNTER - NIGHT
text: A White Student DUMPS ketchup on Carol’s head. Others laugh
text: as they squirt mustard on them. The black students stare
text: forward in zen calm as Louis looks at the counter Manager...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We would like to be served, please.
scene_heading: INT. STATE DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil sets down the next course of French lamb chops with
text: minted pears in front of a FEMALE GUEST who is so delighted
text: she kisses her HUSBAND on the cheek.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. WOOLWORTHS LUNCH COUNTER - NIGHT
text: An aggressive student with a CREW CUT punches Louis in the
text: face. Louis FLIES off his stool onto the ground.
text: Carol jumps on Louis followed by the black students to form a
text: coordinated protective ball. The Crew Cut student pulls Louis
text: out and punches him. Louis looks him in the eye as he hears:
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON V.O.
dialog: You must love your attacker.
text: He punches Louis again.
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON V.O. (CONT’D)
dialog: Love him with all your heart.
text: As Louis looks up, a massive GLOW OF LIGHT shines behind his
text: attacker, a light that is pure and bright and beautiful.
speaker_heading: JAMES LAWSON V.O. (CONT’D)
dialog: For it is only when they learn to
dialog: love you back that we will truly
dialog: become a Beloved Community.
text: Louis's eyes light up into a trance-like state, he’s having a
text: mystical experience. A smile forms on his bloodied face
dialog: because Louis now loves this man.
text: Five POLICE OFFICERS hurry into the lounch counter area and
text: immediately handcuff Louis and the other black students.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: You are all under arrest for
dialog: disorderly conduct.
text: The White Students CHEER as the bleeding black students are
text: lead away. The Crew Cut student grins, until he sees -
text: Four new BLACK STUDENTS are now SEATED at the lunch counter.
scene_heading: NEW LEAD STUDENT
dialog: We would like to be served, please.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: All of the butlers are lounging in the kitchen. They are all
text: exhausted as they hold up wine glasses for a toast.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: To serving our country.
text: Cecil beams, proud of his work as he clinks his glass.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. WOOLWORTHS - NIGHT
text: The five students are escorted to a police paddy wagon as
text: they peacefully sing their anthem, ‘We Shall Overcome’:
speaker_heading: BLACK STUDENTS
dialog: ‘We shall overcome. We shall
dialog: overcome. We shall overcome some
dialog: day.’
text: Up and down the street, 100 black STUDENTS are being hauled
text: into police paddy wagons as mobs of whites scream at them.
text: This was a coordinated sit-in all over downtown Nashville.
scene_heading: INT. DAVIDSON COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Eighty-two proud students, mostly black but a couple whites,
text: are seated in a packed courtroom. Louis and Carol sit next to
text: each other, smiling, proud. Then - Louis’s smile drops.
text: He sees Cecil standing in the back of the courtroom, his
text: father looks horrified. Louis walks over to him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hi, Dad.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE HALLWAY - DAY
text: A furious Cecil scolds Louis in a corner of the hall.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I worked every day of my life,
dialog: every single day, to give you the
dialog: opportunities I never had. And this
dialog: is what you do with it?!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You don’t understand. Something is
dialog: happening here, something special.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Ain’t nuthin’ special about a
dialog: nigger in jail!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We're standing up for our rights.
dialog: We’re going to change the nation’s
dialog: consciousness toward the American
dialog: negro.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You're what?!
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We're changing the national consci--
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: All ya’ doing is breakin’ the law!
dialog: And it’s gonna get you and a lot of
dialog: other folks killed. I didn’t send
dialog: my boy off to college to go to his
dialog: funeral!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: If I can’t sit at any lunch counter
dialog: I want, then I’m not really alive.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Nuthin’ good can come of this. All
dialog: you’re gonna do is make white folks
dialog: angrier and get a lot of negroes
dialog: hurt. That’s what always happens.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: That's what we’re going to change.
text: Cecil stares at him, angry and scared.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You don’t understand, Louis, the
dialog: law doesn’t work for us, it’s
dialog: always against us. Always.
scene_heading: INT. DAVIDSON COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: JUDGE JACK HARRIS, balding and heavy, sits up on the bench
text: staring out at the courtroom. The attorney Z. ALEXANDER
text: LOOBY, 61, black, sharp, stands up in front of the judge.
scene_heading: Z. ALEXANDER LOOBY
dialog: Your honor, the charges of
dialog: disorderly conduct have absolu--
text: Judge Harris turns his chair AROUND so his back faces the
text: court, he’s not going to listen. The students gasp in shock.
speaker_heading: Z. ALEXANDER LOOBY (CONT’D)
dialog: --absolutely no merit. These
dialog: students were calm, quiet and in
dialog: compliance with all conduct laws.
text: The Judge's back is still to the court. Looby speaks louder:
speaker_heading: Z. ALEXANDER LOOBY (CONT’D)
dialog: The mob that beat them are the ones
dialog: that should be tried for disorder--
dialog: 41.
text: He throws up his arms and yells at the Judge.
speaker_heading: Z. ALEXANDER LOOBY (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s the use!
text: Judge Harris turns back around and faces the students.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HARRIS
dialog: I find the defendants guilty of
dialog: disorderly conduct and sentence
dialog: them to thirty days in the county
dialog: workhouse or a fine of $50 each.
text: Carol leaps to her feet. She calmly announces to the Judge:
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We feel if we pay these fines we
dialog: would be supporting the injustice
dialog: and immoral practice that have been
dialog: performed in our arrest and
dialog: conviction.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HARRIS
dialog: Ya’all feel that way?
text: All of the students rise to their feet in solidarity.
speaker_heading: JUDGE HARRIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Enjoy the big house, kids.
text: He SLAMS his gavel as we CUT TO -
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - ARCHIVAL NEWS FOOTAGE:
text: A MONTAGE of news clips of sit-in’s all over the country.
speaker_heading: NEWSCAST V.O.
dialog: “Sparked by the Greensboro and
dialog: Nashville sit-in’s a phenomenon has
dialog: erupted across America.”
scene_heading: EXT. GAINS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: All of the neighbors are outside the Gain’s house, everyone
text: is talking, gossiping, concerned looks are shared.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: That boy is gonna get us all
dialog: killed.
text: Several people nod in agreement.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A scared Gloria watches the news coverage of the sit-in
text: movement with more neighbors. Gina has her arm around her.
speaker_heading: NEWSCAST (FROM THE TV)
dialog: “Thousands of negro students joined
dialog: by some white students have been
text: ‘sitting-in’ at department store
dialog: lunch counters...”
text: Cecil is in the staircase staring at an old family photo
text: during happy times, he is filled with a deep concern.
speaker_heading: NEWSCAST V.O.
dialog: “,..in protest of their policies of
dialog: only serving white patrons.”
text: Elroy tugs on his leg, he’s scared.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: Can the President help Louis?
text: Cecil stares back at him, not sure of the answer.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - DAY
text: Ike and Mamie stand in front of the entire staff.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: From the bottom of my heart, I want
dialog: to thank you for everything you did
dialog: for us. These last eight years...
text: Ike tears up, Mamie finishes for her husband who can’t speak.
speaker_heading: MAMIE
dialog: ...they’ve been the most special
dialog: years of our lives, and much of
dialog: that we owe to all of you.
text: The staff is in tears too as they applaud. Even Booker cries.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: There’s nothin’ sadder than sayin’
dialog: goodbye to the First Family.
text: Ike and Mamie say tearful good-byes to each one individually.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: We've spent every day with them for
dialog: the past eight years, and in less
dialog: than an hour, they gonna be gone.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil shines a pair of black dress shoes, he
text: looks up into the video camera.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Transition is hard.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CENTER HALL - DAY
text: Every member of the White House staff carry moving boxes and
text: haul furniture down the Center Hall.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: The rule is that the President
dialog: lives at the White House until the
text: moment the next one is sworn in.
text: The Chief Usher, RD Warner, keeps glancing at his watch as
text: the staff carries out the Eisenhower’s personal belongings.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - IKE’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Maids quickly place Mamie’s dresses and clothes into boxes.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: So we have exactly two hours during
dialog: the inauguration ceremony...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - TREATY ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil and Carter quickly wrap Ike’s trophies in newspapers.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: ...to move the old President out...
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - NORTH PORTICO - DAY
text: A 1950's moving van is parked underneath the North Portico.
text: The Housemen place the boxes and furniture into the van.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: ...and move the new President in.
text: The moving pulls away as an identical MOVING VAN pulls up in
text: its spot. We hear the distinct Bostonian accent of -
speaker_heading: JACK V.O.
dialog: I, John Fitzgerald Kennedy, do
text: solemnly swear.
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CENTER HALL - DAY
text: The entire White House staff carries boxes and new furniture.
speaker_heading: JACK V.O
dialog: That I will faithfully execute the
dialog: office of President of the United
dialog: States.
text: RD Warner glances at his watch, starting to sweat.
speaker_heading: RD WARNER
dialog: Forty-eight minutes left!
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: The master bedroom is being set up with a new blue draped
text: four poster bed, Cecil gracefully helps guide it into place.
speaker_heading: JACK V.O.
dialog: And will to the best of my ability.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - JOHN JOHN’S NURSERY - DAY
text: Cecil opens a box filled with stuffed animals and
text: meticulously places them in the play pen for a baby boy.
speaker_heading: JACK V.O.
dialog: Preserve, protect, and defend the
dialog: Constitution of the United States.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CAROLINE’S ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil delicately sets down a rocking horse next to a canopied
text: bed as a maid places pink rosebuds out for a young girl.
speaker_heading: JACK V.O.
dialog: So help me God.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil looks nervous at the memory.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It’s always scary meetin’ the new
dialog: President cuz you never know what
dialog: kinda man he’s gonna be until he
text: moves into that house.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: I don’t think he knows either.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL- DAY
text: All of the staff is lined up in the Entrance Hall everyone
text: stands at attention, tense. RD Warner wipes his sweaty brow
text: as Cecil whispers to Carter.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You nervous?
text: Carter nods, then whispers back.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: I voted for Nixon.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Me too.
text: Booker leans in and whispers:
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: You negroes are a disgrace.
text: The front doors open and in walks JOHN ‘JACK’ KENNEDY, 43,
text: handsome, lean, and his beautiful wife JACKIE, 31, tall,
text: wears a fawn coat and pillow box hat, she’s a touch shy.
text: Jackie holds their 3 month old, JACK, JR, with daughter,
text: CAROLINE, 3, behind them. They are surrounded by many AIDES.
text: Jack flashes an enormous grin, he exudes charm and class.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I want to start by saying that I’m
dialog: thrilled we’re going to be working
dialog: together over the next four years.
text: Jackie is slightly aloof as she speaks in almost a whisper:
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Eight years, Jack.
text: Everyone laughs. The baby, John Jr., starts to cry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I bet you all haven’t heard that
text: around the house in a while.
text: The room laughs, Carter turns to Cecil, nods with approval.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - BLUE ROOM - DAY
text: The Kennedy’s tour the house, looking at all the art work
text: with RD Warner, Cecil and Carter in tow. As Jackie looks
text: around, she seems unhappy. She speaks in a light whisper:
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Mr. Warner, there seem to be very
dialog: few historic artifacts. There's
dialog: barely an item here before 1948.
speaker_heading: RD WARNER
dialog: Mrs. Eisenhower was concerned about
dialog: this as well, but as I explained to
dialog: her, when it comes to redecorating,
dialog: the budget is very limited.
text: The shy Jackie washes away as her voice gets much louder.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I’m not talking about redecoration,
dialog: Mr. Warner, I’m talking about
dialog: restoration.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - TREATY ROOM - DAY
text: The light blue walls are being painted over in a dark green.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - ROSE GARDEN - DAY
text: The Rose Garden is packed with landscapers digging it all up.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CENTER HALL - DAY
text: Jackie walks with an exhausted RD Warner and Cecil in tow
text: down the Center Hall pointing at the empty walls.
speaker_heading: FADE CUT - LATER
text: The walls are now covered in a beautiful series of portraits
dialog: of proud American Indians by George Catlin.
scene_heading: EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: Cecil walks out of a new florist shop. Up and down the
text: street, businesses are repainting and upgrading.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Everywhere I looked, folks were
text: sprucin’ things up.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil walks in and sees Gloria repainting the living room.
text: Her hair looks like Jackie’s and she wears an A-line dress.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What in the Lords name are you
dialog: doing?
text: Gloria waves her hand with a refined touch.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Restoration.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil is in bed reading a book on Addison's disease. Gloria
text: reads a Life article about Jackie. She turns to Cecil:
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Do you wish I spoke French?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: My goodness, what?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Jackie speaks French.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You are without a doubt the most
dialog: perfect woman I know.
text: Gloria turns away, looks slightly unhappy.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I'm not perfect, I’m just...here.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What’s wrong, honey bear?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Ever since Louis has been gone I’ve
dialog: been feelin’ sort of...restless.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Cuz he’s in jail?
text: She stares at him for a beat, then changes the subject,
text: pointing at his book.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What’s Addison’s Disease?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It’s a condition that causes
text: fatigue and dizziness. Someone new
dialog: at the House has it.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Jackie?!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: No, it’s not Jackie.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Is it true she’s going to sella
dialog: White House guide to finance the
dialog: restoration?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I don’t know nuthing about that.
text: She curls into his chest, talks in sweet-talky voice.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Baby doll?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: How many pairs of shoes does Jackie
dialog: have?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You know I can’t talk about that
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You never tell me anything! You're
dialog: there all day and you can’t even
dialog: share your whole life with me!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I’m sorry, honey bear...I just
dialog: can’t talk about it.
text: She rolls over, shuts off the light.
dialog: Night.
dialog: He feels guilty,
dialog: goes back to his
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE
text: Cecil walks into
dialog: shot into Jack’s
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: never knew this upset her so much. Then - he
dialog: book on Addison’s Disease.
scene_heading: — MASTER BEDROOM - MORNING
text: the bedroom as a DOCTOR is administering a
text: arm. There are several prescription bottles.
dialog: 49.
text: Jack's VALET, another Filipino, brushes a jacket with a linen
text: brush. Jack grins at Cecil as he takes a series of pills.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was sick so much as a kid that my
dialog: brothers used to joke if I got bit
dialog: by a mosquito, the mosquito would
dialog: surely die.
text: As the Valet puts Jack’s suit jacket on him, Jack clutches
text: his back in pain. Cecil grimaces, feeling Jack’s pain.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Cecil walks into the Oval Office with a tea set and water.
text: Jack is lying on the floor on a heating pad, still in pain.
text: Cecil brings him cortisone pills and another glass of water.
text: Jack is mid-conversation with his brother, BOBBY KENNEDY, 36,
text: tough and mean. He sits with his aide, JOHN SEIGENTHALER, 32,
text: slim, idealistic. Seigenthaler holds up a pen.
scene_heading: JOHN SEIGENTHALER
dialog: This was sent from the ‘National
dialog: Committee Against Discrimination in
dialog: Housing’ as a reminder to follow
dialog: through with your campaign pledge
dialog: to wipe out federal housing
text: discrimination with one swipe of a
dialog: pen.
text: Jack takes the pills, then hands the glass back to Cecil.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They only sent one?
scene_heading: JOHN SEIGENTHALER
dialog: No, sir, ten thousand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I take it the ‘National Committee
dialog: Against Discrimination in Housing’
text: is being sarcastic.
text: Cecil begins to pour a cup of tea, but unlike the last time
dialog: we saw him do this, he looks smooth and graceful.
scene_heading: JOHN SEIGENTHALER
dialog: They're calling it the ‘Ink for
dialog: Jack’ campaign.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bobby?
dialog: 50.
text: Cecil sets the tea in front of Bobby who doesn’t look up.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We lose the support we’ll need from
dialog: Southern Senators on Cuba if we
dialog: touch civil rights right now.
text: John Seigenthaler eyes Cecil as he pours another cup of tea.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you think, John?
scene_heading: JOHN SEIGENTHALER
dialog: I think there is a moral imperative
dialog: to fight against discrimination.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We barely won the election! We
dialog: don’t have the mandate or the
dialog: political need to touch contentious
dialog: social issues right now.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What if there are more negro
dialog: protests, like those sit-in’s?
text: Cecil slightly flinches at the mention of the sit-ins.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The sit-ins didn’t budge popular
dialog: opinion. The country doesn’t
dialog: support civil rights, Jack, I don’t
dialog: think you should either.
text: Jack ponders it as Cecil walks toward the door with his tray.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don’t have time for this right
dialog: now. I need to use my capital on
dialog: Kruschev and Castro.
text: Jack looks over at Bobby.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Detente abroad trumps detente at
dialog: home.
text: Bobby slightly grins, he likes to win.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I doubt we’ll even see anymore
dialog: civil unrest.
text: Cecil glances at Bobby...he hopes that he’s right.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. CORE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Louis and Carol are in the tiny headquarters of the ‘Congress
text: of Racial Equality’. It has a pre-hippy, new age vibe. They
text: sit with JAMES FARMER, 41, black, theatrical voice.
speaker_heading: JAMES FARMER
dialog: Are you familiar with Boynton V.
dialog: Virginia?
text: They shake their heads, no.
speaker_heading: JAMES FARMER (CONT’D)
dialog: It outlawed segregation in bus
dialog: terminals, but the law has never
dialog: been enforced.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: So you're going to ride busses into
dialog: the deep south to confront the law?
speaker_heading: JAMES FARMER
dialog: Exactly. We expect to be beaten,
dialog: maybe even murdered, but we will
dialog: exercise our legal rights.
text: Louis and Carol exchange glances, nervous, but Carol nods.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We want to be a part of it.
text: James Farmer smiles at his fellow warriors.
speaker_heading: JAMES FARMER
dialog: Are you two together?
text: Before Louis can answer, Carol quickly responds:
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: No, we're just friends.
text: Louis looks disappointed, but he mutters.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yeah, we're just friends.
text: James Farmer knows that Louis was hoping otherwise.
speaker_heading: JAMES FARMER
dialog: Welcome aboard the Freedom Ride.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - NIGHT
text: Wearing a tuxedo, Jack stands in front of several hundred
text: elegant guests seated in chairs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: When Jackie told me she wanted to
dialog: use the White House as a platform
dialog: for the arts, I knew it was a good
dialog: idea because I do what Jackie says.
text: Everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: The last time our esteemed guest
dialog: Pablo Caslas played in the White
dialog: House was fifty-seven years ago.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - GREEN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The great musician, PABLO CASALS, 85, wise, finishes a glass
text: of water, whispers to Cecil in his Spanish accent.
speaker_heading: PABLO CASLAS
dialog: After 81 years of playing, you know
dialog: what always surprises me?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What, Sr. Caslas?
speaker_heading: PABLO CASLAS
dialog: That I still get nervous.
text: He hands him the glass of water. Then -
speaker_heading: PABLO CASLAS (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you find it difficult being
dialog: oppressed in your own home land?
text: Cecil doesn’t know what to say, stunned. Just then, the crowd
text: in the East Room applauds. Freddie opens the door for Caslas
text: who enters the room. Cecil sits next to Booker and Carter.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: What did he say to you?
text: Cecil looks at him for a beat. Then -
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Nuthin’.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - NIGHT
text: Holding his violoncello, Casals gives the President a slight
text: head bow, Jack nods back. Then, he begins Mendelssohn's Trio
text: in D Minor. We hear the most beautiful music play into...
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA —- COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT
text: A Greyhound bus drives down a dark country road in Alabama.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS - ALABAMA - NIGHT
text: A dozen Freedom Riders are on the bus with a few JOURNALISTS,
text: white. Every black Freedom Rider sits next to a white one.
text: The mood is fairly relaxed. Louis sits toward the back,
text: speaking to a JOURNALIST. Carol is asleep a few seats over.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Are you riding this bus to show
dialog: that the negro is equal to the
dialog: white man?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: No, sir. We do not seek equality
dialog: with the white man. We want us both
dialog: to be raised up.
text: The bus slows down, pulling into a bus station. Everyone sits
text: up alert as they see the bus station is completely EMPTY.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Why isn’t anybody here?
text: A MOB of white people with chains and bats STORM out from
text: behind the bus station. Louis screams at the driver -
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: DRIVE!
text: The Freedom Bus takes off down the highway, but a row of cars
text: and trucks pull out from behind the bus station. An ambush.
text: GUNSHOTS blare out that hit the tires. The bus SKIDS back and
text: forth, then skids onto a dirt embankment and comes to a stop.
text: The cars catch up and a mob of 100 WHITE MEN jump out and
text: start SMASHING the bus windows with bricks and chains.
text: All of the Freedom Riders drop to the center aisle of the bus
text: as glass shards fly on top of them. Then - A MOLOTOV COCKTAIL
text: flies into the back window setting the back on FIRE!
dialog: 54.
text: The Freedom Riders push to the front of the bus and try to
text: open the front door, but the MOB is outside PUSHING it shut.
text: A white Freedom Rider at the bus door, ELI COWLING, pulls out
text: a gun. The other Freedom Riders look stunned as he points the
text: gun toward the mob through the glass door. The mob backs off.
text: The door flies open as Eli Cowling holds up a badge.
speaker_heading: ELI COWLING
dialog: Let these people off or some of you
dialog: are going to die!
text: The crowd backs away even more. All the Freedom Riders
text: stumble out of the bus, coughing and gasping for air. Then -
text: THE BUS EXPLODES! The Freedom Riders fall to the ground as
text: the mob begins to circle in them. One of them CLUBS Louis in
text: the head as the cello music comes to a passionate conclusion.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - NIGHT
text: The concert over, Caslas shakes hands with the President. As
text: Cecil hurries over with cocktails, Caslas whispers to Jack:
speaker_heading: PABLO CASLAS
dialog: Remember all those people out there
dialog: who need freedom.
text: Jack and Cecil are both taken by his words.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - UPSTAIRS KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Cecil is in the upstairs kitchen taking notes. He writes -
text: ‘20 guests, 10 servers, Truman service.’ Then, he hears:
text: BANGING at the end of the hall. He sticks his head out to see
text: Bobby Kennedy pounding on Jack’s bedroom door, he’s furious.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Jack! Get up!
text: The door opens, a sleepy Jack sticks his head out
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: The Freedom Bus was blown up in
dialog: Alabama.
text: Jack's face drops in shock, Cecil’s in horror.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are they dead?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We don’t know, it hasn’t been
dialog: confirmed. Governor Patterson won't
dialog: return my calls.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I‘ll cut Patterson’s balls off!
text: Bobby enters the room as Jack slams the door. Cecil stares
text: forward in horror.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I didn’t know if my son was dead or
dialog: alive.
text: Then - he feels a tug at his pants, a just woken up 4 year
text: old Caroline Kennedy holds a children’s book.
scene_heading: CAROLINE KENNEDY
dialog: Cecil, will you read me a book?
text: Cecil instantly regains his composure.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Of course, Miss Caroline.
text: She walks him to a table in the kitchen. Caroline sits on his
text: lap and opens ‘Madeline’s Rescue’. There’s a picture of a
text: spooky looking mansion that looks like the White House.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘In an old house in Paris that was
dialog: covered in vines, lived 12 little
text: girls in two straight lines.’
scene_heading: CAROLINE KENNEDY
dialog: Like me and John John.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: (Back to the book)
dialog: “The smallest one was Madeline. She
dialog: was not afraid of mice.”
text: Caroline beams as Cecil tries to not cry, so scared for his
text: son. He puts his arm around Caroline as he continues...
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘She loved winter, snow and ice.’
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: Cecil and Gloria are on the couch watching Jackie’s White
text: House tour on the TV. They’re tense, nervous.
speaker_heading: JACKIE (FROM THE TV)
dialog: ‘'May none but wise men ever rule
dialog: under this roof.’ It was Franklin
dialog: Roosevelt who loved that prayer and
dialog: had it put on the mantlepiece.’'
text: The phone rings! They jump up as Cecil quickly answers it.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Hello?
text: His entire body slumps in relief as hears:
speaker_heading: LOUIS V.O.
dialog: I'm in Mississippi.
text: Gloria starts to tear up, knowing her son is alive.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I thought you were in Alabama?
speaker_heading: LOUIS V.O.
dialog: We spent two weeks in jail there,
dialog: now we’re in Mississippi.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Please come home. Please. Just for
dialog: a little while. A few days. Please.
speaker_heading: LOUIS V.O.
dialog: That's going to be difficult under
dialog: the present circumstances.
scene_heading: INT. MISSISSIPPI PRISON - DAY
text: Bandages and bruised, Louis is in a blue prison uniform
text: calling from the pay phone. The prison looks like hell.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I've been detained by the local
dialog: authorities.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - CECIL AND LOUIS
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: For how long?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Three months. When I get out, I’m
text: going to take another Freedom Ride.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Why, Louis?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Because it is my right to ride that
dialog: bus. That is my legal right and I
dialog: will exercise my rights as an
dialog: American citizen!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: They're going to kill you. At some
dialog: point you gonna get killed.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: They're gonna have to kill me, Dad,
dialog: because I’‘ll never stop.
text: Cecil’s eyes fill with tears, so scared for Louis.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: All we do is worry about you. Come
dialog: home, son, please, just for a
dialog: little while. We miss you so much.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I’m sorry, Dad, but I can’t.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I’m a Freedom Rider.
text: He hangs up the phone on his father.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Is he comin’ home?
text: Cecil shakes his head, no, a look of painful defeat on both.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Cecil lies awake in bed, starring up at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I was scared all the time...
text: Gloria lies awake on her side, she’s not sleeping either.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: .--but it was a scary time.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - STATE DINNING ROOM - DAY
text: RD Warner is speaking to all the BUTLERS and several MAIDS.
speaker_heading: RD WARNER
dialog: If Cuba launches a missile attack
dialog: on the capital, your number one
dialog: priority is to get the First Family
text: out of the house first.
text: Several people nod. Terrified looks are exchanged.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Everyday we thought might be our
dialog: last...
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE SECURITY GATE - DAY
text: Several staff walk through the security gate, all are tense.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: ..-but everyday we still came to
dialog: work.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Cecil is preparing a sandwich.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: If the President was gonna prevent
dialog: our nuclear destruction, some one
dialog: was gonna have to feed him.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - RED ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil passes the Red Room and sees one of the maids crying.
text: He immediately gives her a warm hug.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Everything is gonna be fine, Tanya,
dialog: no one’s gonna get hurt.
text: She nods as she continues to cry, so scared.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I wasn’t sure we’d make it, but
dialog: those Kennedy boys were real smart.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Booker reads a copy of the Washington Post with the headline:
text: ‘REDS AGREE TO SCRAP BASES IN CUBA’. Carter has a huge smile.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: That was without a doubt the worst
dialog: two weeks of my entire life.
text: Booker nods, but Cecil still looks scared.
speaker_heading: CARTER (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong, Cecil? We made it.
text: Cecil tries to smile.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Cecil lies awake in bed again, Gloria awake on her side.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: But for us, the fear was never
dialog: gonna go away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - ARCHIVAL NEWS FOOTAGE:
text: Black & White archival footage of black children and teens
text: being hosed down in the streets by police and firemen as
text: barking dogs snap at them.
speaker_heading: NEWSCAST V.O.
dialog: Protests in Birmingham, Alabama
dialog: turned violent this morning as
text: police turned fire hoses on the
text: protestors, most of them children.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Jack, Bobby and Jackie watch the news footage, they look
text: horrified. Cecil and Booker stand against the back wall,
text: struggling to not appear upset. Jack looks deeply troubled.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don’t know what country I’m
text: looking at.
text: Cecil peeks out over Jack’s shoulder, looking for Louis.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRMINGHAM, ALABAMA — DAY
text: Louis is sprayed with a fire hose, jammed against a brick
text: wall. Carol clutches a tree as water drills into her.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil stares at the TV screen, barely able to hide his fear.
text: He sees Jack staring at him, he quickly looks forward.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LINCOLN BEDROOM - DAY
text: Cecil is in the Lincoln Bedroom dusting off the dark wood
text: desk. He is about to walk out when something catches his eye.
text: He walks back to Lincoln’s desk and cleans off a small speck.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Do you ever see the ghost?
text: Surprised, Cecil turns around to see Jack in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: No, Mr. President, I’ve never seen
text: Lincoln’s ghost.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: They say he still haunts this room.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I’ve heard that as well, but I
dialog: don’t know anyone who’s seen him.
text: Jack Kennedy takes a step forward, lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know your son is a Freedom Rider.
text: Cecil’s face drops.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s in prison in Birmingham right
dialog: now with Martin Luther King.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Is he okay?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm guessing he’s beat up, but from
dialog: his record, he must be used to it.
dialog: He’s been arrested 16 times in the
dialog: last two years.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I know Dr. King is supposed to be a
dialog: great man, but I don’t understand
dialog: what he’s done to my son.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don’t worry about your job, Cecil,
dialog: I‘ll keep this quiet.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Thank you, Mr. President, I don’t
dialog: want to lose my job...but I just
dialog: don’t know what to do.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Neither do I.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: But those kids...
text: His voice trails off, this is hard for him to say.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: ...those kids have changed my
dialog: heart, Cecil...
text: Tears form in Jack’s eyes.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: ...they’ve changed my heart.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
dialog: 61.
text: Jack sits in front of a TV news camera in the Oval Office.
text: Bobby stands nearby, watching his brother address the nation.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: One hundred years of delay have
dialog: passed since President Lincoln
dialog: freed the slaves, yet their heirs,
dialog: their grandsons, are not fully free
dialog: from the bonds of injustice.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - BIRMINGHAM - NIGHT
text: Louis is in a prison cell reading the speech in a newspaper.
text: A small look of pride, his work is starting to pay off.
speaker_heading: JACK V.O.
dialog: Next week I shall ask the Congress
dialog: to enact legislation giving all
dialog: Americans the right to be served in
dialog: facilities open to the public.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. COLORED HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Carol is in a hotel room for ‘blacks only’ with five bruised
text: Freedom Riders watching the speech.
speaker_heading: JACK (FROM THE TV)
dialog: This seems to me to be an
dialog: elementary right.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: A small smile forms on Bobby’s face as his brother finishes
text: his historic address. Bobby has been transformed as well.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A great change is at hand, and our
dialog: task, our obligation, is to make
dialog: that revolution, that change...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Butlers all watch the speech on a TV.
speaker_heading: JACK (FROM THE TV)
dialog: .+-peaceful and constructive for
dialog: all.
text: Everyone applauds, except for Cecil who looks upset.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil still looks upset.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I knew this would embolden those
dialog: kids. Their rebellion was workin’
dialog: and there was no way they were
dialog: gonna stop now.
scene_heading: INT. DISHWASHING ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil and Carter help out the dishwashers wash the china.
text: Everyone is energized except for Cecil who looks distracted.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I worried all the time that someone
dialog: was gonna get killed. Every day I
dialog: expected the call and I couldn’t
dialog: think about nuthin’ else.
dialog: 63.
text: A Polk plate slips through Cecil’s fingers and SHATTERS on to
text: the floor. Cecil stares at the destroyed plate in mild shock.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It...it just slipped.
speaker_heading: DISHWASHER
dialog: Don’t worry about it, Cecil.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: It ain’t nuthin’.
text: But Cecil looks really upset at himself. Then Booker walks
text: into the room, his face is ashen.
speaker_heading: CARTER (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s the matter with you? It’s
text: just a plate.
text: Booker can’t speak, clearly shaken about something else.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What’s wrong, Booker?
text: Booker looks at the room.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
text: The President’s been shot.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: The flag outside of the White House is lowered to half mast.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: We laid him in state in the exact
dialog: same manner as Abraham Lincoln.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil and Booker place black webbing over the windows, the
text: room has been completely transformed into a mausoleum.
text: MILITARY GUARDS bring in the flag draped coffin and place it
text: on the alter covered in black. Jackie and Bobby follow, she
text: still wears her pink skirt covered in Jack's blood.
speaker_heading: RD WARNER
dialog: Mrs. Kennedy, would you like me to
dialog: have a change of clothes brought
dialog: down?
text: Jackie shakes her head, no. Defiant.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I want them to see, I want them all
dialog: to see what they did to my husband.
text: Cecil stares at the coffin, devastated with grief.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CENTER HALL - NIGHT
text: Still in her bloodied skirt, Jackie wanders the hall looking
text: at the paintings as she clutches one of her husband's ties.
text: Cecil gingerly walks over to her as she mutters:
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: So now he is a legend, when he
dialog: would have preferred to be a man.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Is there anything I can do for you,
dialog: Mrs. Kennedy? Please tell me how
dialog: can I help you.
text: She smiles at Cecil, holds out the tie for him.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: This is for you.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Mrs. Kennedy, I can’t take that.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Please, Cecil, he’d want you to
dialog: have it, Jack was very fond of you.
text: He takes the tie.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I will always treasure it.
text: She touches his face, then continues strolling down the hall,
text: looks almost like a ghost. Cecil walks the other direction.
text: As he passes the Lincoln Bedroom he hears Bobby sobbing:
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Why!? Why, God? Why!?
text: Cecil stares at the door clutching President Kennedy's tie,
text: he can’t help it as the tears fall down his face.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil lies in bed in his tux, the tie still in his hand.
text: Gloria is clutched in his arms, face red from crying. They
text: lie there in silence. Then Cecil slowly starts to tell her -
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: She's very witty. Most people don’t
dialog: know that, but she’s very witty and
dialog: sometimes she can be silly. She’s
text: very relaxed and playful around the
dialog: house, but when she’s in public she
text: transforms into a different person.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CECIL
text: That’s when she becomes more aloof,
dialog: and mysterious, but always elegant.
dialog: She’s very complex...and
dialog: beautiful...and wonderful.
dialog: (Turns to her)
dialog: What else do you want to know about
dialog: Jackie? I'll tell you anything you
dialog: want to know.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAY
text: Cecil, Carter, Booker and Freddie Fallows are out on the golf
text: course watching Booker miss a long put. They yell, ‘OHHHHHH!’
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: The white man prevented you from
dialog: hitting your shot!
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: You know he did!
text: They all laugh as they stroll to the next hole.
speaker_heading: BOOKER (CONT'D)
dialog: We're going to have a fund-raiser
dialog: at church next month for all those
dialog: kids in Mississippi trying to
dialog: register black folk. You bloods
dialog: should come down.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: ‘Black’ folk?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: That's right, ace boon coon, we
dialog: ain’t no negroes no mo’!
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: I’ll go. I want to go.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: What about you two Tom’s? Those
text: kids are putting it on the line.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Not for me.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Alright, alright. What about you,
dialog: Mr. Fallows?
speaker_heading: FREDDIE
dialog: I will be in the Bahamas,
dialog: celebrating my retirement.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: Congratulations, Carter, you are
dialog: going to be the new Maitre d.
text: The Butlers are stunned, Cecil beams at Carter.
speaker_heading: FREDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s time for me to move on,
dialog: gentleman, I’m getting old.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: But you gonna miss out on all the
dialog: fun with LBJ!
text: They all laugh with clear sarcasm.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - BATHROOM - DAY
text: LYNDON JOHNSON, 55, gray haired with glasses, fiery, manic,
text: sits on the toilet with his pants at his ankles surrounded by
text: four queasy staff members. Cecil is jammed in the corner.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: You sorry sap ass motherfuckers
dialog: gotta realize that the nigger ain’t
dialog: gonna take it no more! This entire
dialog: country is a tinderbox, ya see, a
dialog: goddamn tinderbox of nigger rage
dialog: just waitin’ to explode!
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS ROOM - DAY
text: LBJ screams at Cecil in the Queens Room:
speaker_heading: LBJ
text: Next time there is a light on in an
dialog: empty room, I will fire every sorry
dialog: son of a bitch in this house. I
dialog: mean it, Cecil, I‘’1l go back to
dialog: Texas and run the country froma
dialog: dirt shack if I have to! Is that
dialog: what you want?!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: No, sir.
text: Cecil flicks off the light switch. LBJ instantly flips to a
text: gregarious, jovial southerner as he slaps Cecil on the back.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: Now that’s what I’m talkin’ about!
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
text: Cecil and Booker are playing cards, both drinking coffee.
text: Carter reads a newspaper, looks at his watch, it’s 3am.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Does the man ever sleep?
text: In walks LBJ’s wife, LADY BIRD, sweet and private, she speaks
text: in an elegant Texan accent. They both immediately stand up.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What can we do for you, Mrs.
dialog: Johnson?
speaker_heading: LADY BIRD
dialog: I just feel terrible about Lyndon’'s
dialog: schedule. He’s been staying up all
dialog: night long trying to get this bill
dialog: passed, and y'all are stuck here.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: We don’t mind at all, Mrs. Johnson.
speaker_heading: LADY BIRD
dialog: I was thinking you could have some
dialog: food pre-made for Lyndon that he’d
dialog: heat up himself if he wants to eat
text: in the middle of the night.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I can’t tell you how much we
dialog: appreciate the gesture, Mrs.
dialog: Johnson, but no President will ever
dialog: serve himself as long as we are the
text: White House butlers.
speaker_heading: LADY BIRD
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Booker emphatically nods with pride.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: We serve the President, so that the
dialog: President can serve the country.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - TREATY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil walks into the Treaty Room carrying a tray with a
text: silver lid. LBJ is seated at the desk on the phone.
speaker_heading: LBJ (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: I know it’s three in the morning,
dialog: Senator, but I actually wasn’t
dialog: calling for you, I wanted to speak
dialog: to your wife.
dialog: (The voice responds)
dialog: Then you'll just have to wake her
dialog: up now, won’t you.
text: He motions for Cecil to serve him. Cecil elaborately sets
text: down a place mat, a gold fork, knife and spoon.
speaker_heading: LBJ (ON THE PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Good morning, Barbara, this is your
dialog: President speaking, I sure hope I
dialog: didn’t wake you.
text: Cecil places a large plate of green beans in front of LBJ, he
text: covers the mouth piece, asks Cecil:
speaker_heading: LBJ (CONT'D)
dialog: These canned?
text: Cecil nods. LBJ gives him a pleased wink.
speaker_heading: LBJ (CONT'D)
dialog: The reason why I’m calling so late
dialog: is your husband is wavering on
dialog: signing Kennedy's Civil Rights
dialog: Bill, and the American negra’ needs
dialog: your husband’s support.
dialog: 69.
text: Cecil sets down a tapioca pudding and plate of pancakes next
text: to the green beans, LBJ grins at his bizarre feast.
speaker_heading: LBJ (CONT'D)
text: Now, until he agrees to vote for
dialog: this bill, I’m gonna have to call
dialog: you every night at three in the
dialog: morning, and if he doesn’t vote
dialog: with me, well, I may just keep on
dialog: calling for the next year or two to
dialog: tell you how disappointed I am.
text: As Cecil walks out, he glances at LBJ who digs in to the
text: green bean. Cecil looks baffled by LBJ.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I never before seen a man who said
dialog: ‘nigger’ so much, work so hard to
dialog: help negroes.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - BATHROOM - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil is hand washing his socks in the sink.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Sometimes people grow up one way,
dialog: but then they can become someone
dialog: else, I guess.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - PANTRY ROOM - DAY
text: The butlers are in the pantry restocking the shelf with
text: glasses and cups. They all look exhausted.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: I don’t think I’ve had a full
dialog: night’s sleep in a year.
text: Cecil and Carter nod in agreement. Then, Booker’s face drops
text: in amazement as he sees something. Carter sees what Booker
text: sees, he too is stunned. Carter taps Cecil who jumps up.
text: They stare forward in quiet shock at the end of the pantry,
text: Booker’s eyes fill with tears. Standing across from them is -—
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING.
text: Only 35, King is very handsome with a rare ability to exude
text: warmth and dignity at the same time.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: I’m so sorry to disturb you,
dialog: gentleman, but I wanted to meet you
dialog: all. I’m Martin.
text: He steps forward and holds out his hand to Booker.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: This is the greatest honor of my
dialog: life, Dr. King.
text: Martin Luther King smiles, he’s very approachable.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: The honor is all mine.
text: He shakes hands with Carter who is also beaming. Cecil shakes
text: his hand last, he is formal, a touch cool.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: A pleasure to meet you, Dr. King.
text: King grins at their tuxedos.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: My, oh, my, y'all look just superb.
text: Cecil can’t help it as a tiny smile creeps out.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - ROSE GARDEN - DAY
text: LBJ sits across from MLK, each flanked by their aides. Cecil
text: stands nearby underneath a magnolia tree.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: Your success with the Civil Rights
dialog: Bill is greatly appreciated within
dialog: the negro community, Mr. President.
text: A tiny drop of water FALLS from the magnolia tree and lands
text: on the back of Cecil’s neck. It sends shivers down his spin,
text: but he stands perfectly still, doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D)
dialog: No President has done more for the
dialog: negro since Abraham Lincoln freed
dialog: us from chains.
text: LBJ is beaming, feels great about what he accomplished.
speaker_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D)
dialog: But it’s not enough.
dialog: 71.
text: LBJ’s smile drops. Cecil glances over in surprise.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: That was the first time I ever
dialog: started really listenin’.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - BATHROOM DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil is wringing his socks out.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Oh, sure, I’d hear things from time
dialog: to time, but I would never listen.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: So why’d you start now?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: A negro was tellin’ the President
dialog: of the United States that a five
dialog: course meal ain’t good enough, he
dialog: wants all eight courses. I never
dialog: heard nuthin’ like it in my life.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSE GARDEN - DAY
text: Martin Luther King lights into LBJ:
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: Only 5% of the negroes in
dialog: Mississippi are registered to vote,
dialog: 11% in Alabama. We desperately need
dialog: a Voting Rights Bill if we’re going
dialog: to insure we are no longer blocked
dialog: from Southern voting booths.
text: Cecil stares forward in stunned amazement.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: Goddamit, King! You know how many
dialog: bridges I had to promise to get the
dialog: last bill passed! I owe every two
dialog: bit Congressman three bridges, a
dialog: park and a fuckin’ airport. I spent
dialog: eight months grabbing all these
dialog: dumb sons-a-bitches by the balls
dialog: and I got no more balls to grab,
dialog: Dr. King, I used up all my negra’
dialog: capital!
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
text: On the bridges and the balls.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: That's right, Dr. King. Now y'all
dialog: are just gonna have to cool down
dialog: for a little while.
text: Another drop of water falls from the tree on to Cecil’s neck,
text: he shuts his eyes in pain. Chinese water torture.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: I should warn you, Mr. President,
dialog: that I’ve got people in the streets
dialog: down South right now trying to
dialog: register the negro vote.
text: Cecil’s eyes flicker in concern.
speaker_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D)
dialog: My guess is that it’s going to go
text: from cool to hot very fast.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: Where?
text: Cecil glances over at King right as a drop forms above him.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: Selma.
dialog: The drop falls...
scene_heading: INT. REGISTRAR’S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: A black male APPLICANT, 50’s, is in a REGISTRAR OFFICE, being
text: escorted by Louis. The REGISTRAR, snide, reads a question:
speaker_heading: REGISTRAR
dialog: If the President does not wish to
dialog: sign a bill, how many days is he
dialog: allowed in which to return it to
dialog: Congress for reconsideration?
text: The black applicant looks at him, baffled. The Registrar
text: stamps the word ‘REJECTED’ on his application. Louis shakes
text: his head in frustration.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - BASEMENT - DAY
text: A lively party is going down in the basement of the Gains
text: House. Cecil serves all his friends martinis and appetizers.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: My niece went to register to vote
dialog: in Georgia and they made her wait
text: for hours. Then when she finally
dialog: got in, she had to take a test with
dialog: all sort of crazy questions. Stuff
dialog: only an expert would know.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: And the white folks are asked who
dialog: the first president was.
text: Cecil continues to serve, he looks like he’s not listening.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: And then those three kids were
dialog: killed in Mississippi registering
dialog: black folk.
text: Cecil tries to hide his fear at this news.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: The only reason why the President
dialog: sent the FBI is cuz two of them
dialog: were white.
text: Everyone nods, except for Cecil. Gloria turns to him.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Shouldn't the President do more to
dialog: pass a voting bill?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: President Johnson just passed the
dialog: greatest piece of civil rights
dialog: legislation since Lincoln freed the
dialog: slaves, it’s going to be very
dialog: difficult to pass another bill
dialog: anytime soon.
text: Most of the room nods in agreement, when Cecil speaks they
text: listen. He holds up a tray of cocktails to lighten the mood.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Now how about some more spirits
dialog: while we wait?
text: They all smile as they grab another drink. Gloria stares at
text: Cecil, it’s clear she disagrees with him.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN’S CHAPEL - SELMA, ALABAMA — NIGHT
text: Louis and Carol are with a huge crowd in the pews. They
text: listen to a 39 year old black speaker in a black suit, skinny
text: tie and browline glasses. His name is MALCOLM xX.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM X
dialog: Back during slavery, there were two
dialog: kinds of negroes, there was the
dialog: house negro and the field negro.
dialog: The house negro lived better than
dialog: the field negro. He ate better, he
dialog: dressed better, and he lived right
text: up next to his master.
text: Louis stares at Malcolm X, taken by what he’s saying.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - FLASHBACK - 8 YEARS EARLIER
text: Cecil stands in front of the family in his White House Tuxedo
text: for the first time. 14 year old Louis looks at him, uneasy.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN’S CHAPEL - SELMA, ALABAMA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MALCOLM X
dialog: Then you had the field negro who
dialog: hated the master because they
dialog: caught hell and felt the sting of
dialog: the lash.
text: Louis starts to nod.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALABAMA - COUNTRY ROAD - FLASHBACK - 2 YEARS EARLIER
text: The Freedom Bus burns as Louis gets clubbed in the head.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN’S CHAPEL - SELMA, ALABAMA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MALCOLM X
dialog: And today you still have house
dialog: negroes and field negroes!
text: The audience applauds as Louis nods in agreement.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM X (CONT’D)
dialog: The same old slave masters today
dialog: have house negroes, who are nothing
dialog: more than 20th century Uncle Tom’s
dialog: keeping us passive in non-violence.
dialog: That’s Uncle Tom making you non-
dialog: violent, so you suffer peacefully.
text: Louis’ face drops, he no longer likes this speech.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM X (CONT’D)
dialog: Dr. King came to Selma with his
dialog: message of non-violence and I think
dialog: the white people of Selma would do
dialog: well to listen to Dr. King, before
text: the field negro comes along and
dialog: does things another way.
text: The crowd breaks out in applause, but Louis looks pissed. He
text: glances at Carol who has a grin on her face. Louis does not
text: like what he sees.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY WAY - SELMA, ALABAMA - NIGHT
text: Louis and Carol are walking down a dark alley, he looks
text: disturbed, unsure of what to make of Malcolm X. Carol also
text: looks disturbed, but she’s now unsure of what to make of MLK.
text: Just then - a GUNSHOT rings through the night. Louis
text: instinctually grabs Carol and shoves her up against a wall,
text: their faces inches apart from each other. Then -
text: She grabs his face and KISSES him on the mouth. Their mouths
text: and arms inner-twine as they furiously make out in the alley.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Gloria walks down the stairs and finds Cecil standing in the
text: living room, he holds up a personal check.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What is this?
text: Gloria cringes, knows that she’s been caught.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Have you been sending Louis money?
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: He needs it.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: We’re not gonna pay for him to kill
dialog: himself.
text: Cecil rips the check up.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: If he wants to get thrown in jail
dialog: then he can pay his own way!
text: Cecil storms up the stairs. Gloria watches him go, upset.
scene_heading: INT. NEGRO HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Louis and Carol lay naked under bed covers in a dank motel
text: room. Louis looks quietly content, but Carol is all business.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We're losing the press.
text: Louis doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: We're losing the momentum. King is
dialog: in prison and no one cares,
dialog: something’s got to happen, we got
dialog: to make something happen.
text: He turns to her:
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Marry me.
text: Silence. She doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Every time I’m rottin’ in jail, all
dialog: I think about is you. You keep me
dialog: sane in this insane world. I want
dialog: you to be my wife.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I've hated myself since before I
dialog: was born. How am I supposed to know
dialog: how to love you?
text: Louis stares at her for a beat. Then -
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: If I can wait out Jim Crow, I can
dialog: wait out you.
text: She tries not to smile, but she clearly liked the answer.
scene_heading: EXT. DALLAS COURTHOUSE - SELMA, ALABAMA —- DAY
text: Hundreds of black protestors are marching through downtown
text: Selma toward the courthouse. As always, crowds of whites are
text: lined up on the sidewalks screaming and booing at them.
text: Police in riot gear stand between the whites and blacks.
text: Louis and Carol march with the crowd. Carol looks worried,
text: she whispers to Louis in hushed fury.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: There’s no press here, we’re losing
dialog: this thing. We are losin’!
text: She turns to him, an anger building deep in her soul.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: You understand me, you stupid
dialog: nigger, we're gonna lose Selma!
text: SHERIFF JIM CLARK, fat, jabs his nightstick into Louis ribs.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JIM CLARK
text: Get in the middle of the street.
text: Carol grabs the nightstick and stares at the Sheriff.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JIM CLARK (CONT’D)
dialog: What in the hell do you think ya
dialog: doin’?
text: Carol lifts her fist and PUNCHES Sheriff Clark right in the
text: face. Totally blind sided, he falls over.
text: Louis looks terrified and grabs Carol, but she shoves him
text: off, jumps on top of the Sheriff and PUNCHES him again. And
text: again. And again. And again. And again.
text: Three cops finally jump on top of her and start beating her
text: with their nightsticks. A PHOTOGRAPHER frantically shoots
text: pictures of the beating.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - WASHINGTON DC - NIGHT
text: In a packed black church, a PASTOR holds up a copy of the NY
text: Times with a photo of Carol getting beat on the front page.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: PASTOR
dialog: Tomorrow morning these brave men,
dialog: women and children in Selma are
dialog: going to begin a march to
dialog: Montgomery and we need to give them
dialog: all the support we can!
text: Hats are being passed around where people toss in their
text: dollar bills and change. Booker and his wife, THELMA, pretty,
text: sit in the pews next to Carter and his wife, SOPHIE, shy.
speaker_heading: PASTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatever change you’ve got, put it
dialog: in the till because every dollar is
dialog: goin’ to Selma!
text: Gloria sneaks into the back of the church. She takes out a
text: thick roll of one dollar bills and places it in a hat.
speaker_heading: PASTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Now let us pray for them.
dialog: (Shuts his eyes)
dialog: Oh, dear lord, protect these brave
text: men and women as they march for
dialog: freedom.
text: No one is praying harder than Gloria.
speaker_heading: PASTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Protect them as they seek to
dialog: protect us.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE:
text: Black & white news footage of the black protestors getting
text: clubbed by a militia on the Edmund Pettus bridge.
speaker_heading: NEWSCAST V.O.
dialog: ‘The Alabama State Gaurd brutally
dialog: suppressed a march from Selma to
dialog: Montgomery today in what has been
dialog: dubbed ‘Bloody Sunday.’
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: LBJ watches the newscast on three separate televisions at the
text: same time. Lady Bird watches with him, horrified. Cecil
text: stands behind him, trying to find his son on TV.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. EDMUND PETTUS BRIDGE - SELMA - DAY
text: Louis is on the ground coughing from tear gas as riot police
text: and horses trample everywhere around him. A bandaged Carol
text: lies on top of a young teenage girl, protecting her.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil looks terrified, but LBJ is stoic as the news footage
text: reflects off his glasses, it effects him on a deep level.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: The South is never gonna vote
text: Democratic again.
text: Cecil looks at him, not sure what he means.
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESS - DAY
text: LBJ stands at the lectern in Congress addressing the Senate,
dialog: the House of Representatives and the country:
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: Every American citizen must have an
dialog: equal right to vote. Yet the harsh
dialog: fact is that in many places in this
dialog: country men and women are kept from
dialog: voting because they are Negroes.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Cecil, Booker and Carter watch the speech in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LBJ (FROM THE TV)
text: The negro is given a test. He may
dialog: be asked to recite the entire
dialog: Constitution, or explain the most
dialog: complex provisions of State law.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Gloria watches alone, enthralled...she’s part of this now.
speaker_heading: LBJ (FROM THE TV)
dialog: And even a college degree cannot be
dialog: used to prove that he can read and
dialog: write. For the fact is that the
dialog: only way to pass these barriers is
text: to show a white skin.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. SELMA BLACK HOTEL - DAY
text: Louis, Carol and Martin Luther King are crammed in a room
text: full of beaten up Selma protestors. Everyone is bandaged and
text: bruised as they watch the speech.
speaker_heading: LBJ (FROM THE TV)
dialog: On Wednesday, I will send to
dialog: Congress a law designed to
dialog: eliminate illegal barriers to the
dialog: right to vote.
text: The room is beaming, several hugs and pats on the back.
scene_heading: INT. CONGRESS - DAY
text: LBJ gets worked up as he speaks deep from his heart:
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: What happened in Selma is part of a
dialog: far larger movement which reaches
dialog: into every section and State of
dialog: America. Their cause must be our
dialog: cause too. Because it's not just
dialog: Negroes, but really it's all of us
text: who must overcome the crippling
dialog: legacy of bigotry and injustice.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP - LBJ
speaker_heading: LBJ (CONT'D)
dialog: And we shall overcome.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - DAY
text: The protestors cheer in celebration, Louis and Carol hug in
text: joy. The only person not cheering is Martin Luther King
text: because his face is covered in tears.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Cecil watches LBJ on the TV, taken by what he’s saying.
speaker_heading: LBJ (FROM THE TV)
dialog: The real hero of this struggle is
dialog: the American negro. His actions and
dialog: protests have awakened the
dialog: conscience of this nation.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: It’s those kids in Selma, they did
dialog: this. They made this happen.
text: A tiny smile forms on Cecil’s face.
speaker_heading: LBJ (FROM THE TV)
dialog: His demonstrations have been
dialog: designed to call attention to
dialog: injustice, designed to provoke
dialog: change, designed to stir reform.
text: For the first time, Cecil looks truly proud of his son.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil is in awe at the memory.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: The greatest politician of our time
dialog: said he could never pass that bill,
dialog: and then because of my son and his
dialog: friends, the Voting Rights Act of
dialog: 1964 was passed.
dialog: (Then )
dialog: Ain't that somethin’.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - RD WARNER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Cecil sits across from the Chief Usher, RD Warner. Cecil is
text: nervous, gripping his sweaty palms.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Since the black staff does just as
dialog: much work as the white staff, I
dialog: believe our salaries should reflect
dialog: our service.
speaker_heading: RD WARNER
dialog: ‘Black’ staff?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I also feel that we should have
dialog: opportunities at advancement. Black
dialog: houseman are never promoted to the
dialog: engineer's office.
text: RD Warner stares at Cecil for a long beat. Then -—
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: RD WARNER
dialog: You're very well liked here, Cecil,
dialog: but if you’re unhappy with your
dialog: salary or position, than I suggest
dialog: you seek employment elsewhere.
text: Cecil looks surprised that he got such a hard rebuke, but he
text: quickly covers it up with a warm, but defeated smile.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE MOTEL - MEMPHIS - DAY
text: Martin Luther King is in his hotel room seated across from
text: his various associates and aides. Louis sits across from him.
text: They are watching footage of the Vietnam War on television.
speaker_heading: NEWSCAST
text: “US Casualties are on the rise in
dialog: Vietnam, giving fuel to critics who
dialog: say there is no end in sight for
dialog: what has become a bloody war.”
text: Martin Luther King shakes his head, frustrated.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: President Johnson may have a big
dialog: heart, but he is making a tragic
dialog: error in Vietnam.
text: Everyone nods their heads in agreement.
speaker_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D)
dialog: How many of your parents support
dialog: the war?
text: Almost all of them raise their hands.
speaker_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s why we’ve got to keep
text: speaking out against it.
dialog: (To Louis)
dialog: Why do your parents support it?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We haven't spoken about it
dialog: specifically, I just know they do.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: What does your dad do?
text: Louis looks embarrassed to say.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He’s a butler.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: Ah, yes. The black domestic. They
dialog: serve a great role in our history.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: They do?
scene_heading: MARTIN LUTHER KING
dialog: The black domestic defies racial
dialog: stereotypes by being hardworking
text: and trustworthy. He slowly breaks
dialog: down racial hatreds by the example
dialog: of his strong work ethic and
text: dignified character.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: So even though we perceive the
dialog: butler as being subservient, they
dialog: are in many ways subversive without
dialog: even knowing it.
text: Louis stares at him, never thought about his dad in this way.
scene_heading: EXT. LORRAINE MOTEL - MEMPHIS - TWILIGHT
text: Louis walks out of the Lorraine Motel, he is deep in thought,
dialog: effected by what MLK said about his father. Then -
text: The sounds of GUNSHOTS explode in the air. Louis drops to his
text: knees for cover. He looks up and sees King’s aides standing
text: over a man lying on the balcony.
text: They point to roof tops across the way.
scene_heading: EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: Thousands of people are in the streets in Cecil’s
text: neighborhood. People are crying, screaming in anger.
text: A furious black man picks up a trash can and throws it into a
text: store window, glass shatters everywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hundreds of NATIONAL GUARDSMEN line up in front of the White
text: House in full riot gear. Shields and clubs ready for action.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON DC - NIGHT
text: Still in his Tuxedo, Cecil drives his car down a dark street,
text: it’s dark and quiet, almost eerie. On the radio -
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: RADIO NEWSCAST
dialog: “Riots have broken out in DC,
dialog: fueled by anger over the
dialog: assassination of Martin Luth--”
text: Cecil hits the brakes as THREE BLACK MAN dart out in the
text: street in front of him, running from a liquor store.
text: BOOM!!! The store EXPLODES! Cecil’s car FLIPS onto it’s side.
scene_heading: EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: The riot has tripled in size. Stores are on fire as windows
text: are smashed and buildings set on fire. All the renovations
dialog: and upgrades of the last decade destroyed in minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON DC - BLACK SUBURB - NIGHT
text: Cecil squirms out of the passenger side window of his car,
text: bleeding at his temples. He starts walking down the street.
text: A MOB of hundreds of black men are coming toward him. Gun
text: shots are fired into the air as the mob breaks windows.
text: Police sirens whirl as a RIOT SQUAD pulls up at the end of
text: the block. The RIOTERS march toward the riot police with
text: Cecil directly in between. He doesn’t know which way to go.
text: Tear gas is volleyed through the air and lands in the middle
text: of the rioters. Cecil starts coughing from the tear gas.
scene_heading: EXT. STORE FRONT - NIGHT
text: A man smashes windows with a baseball bat as fires rage
text: around him. It is violent and aggressive as other LOOTERS
text: back away from him. He turns around as we see it’s -
text: Louis. There is a dark anger in his eyes, transformed by
text: rage. Carol hurries over to him, puts her arms around him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I’m not taking it no mo’,
dialog: baby...I’m not taking it.
scene_heading: EXT. OTIS PLACE - NIGHT
text: Cecil walks up his block, dabbing a handkerchief on his
text: forehead. People stare at the fires that consume the city.
dialog: 85.
text: Gloria waits on the balcony with Gina and Elroy who’s 18 now.
text: She runs into the street and gives Cecil a huge bear hug.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I'm okay, honey bear, I’m alright.
text: Elroy stares at the fires with anger and frustration.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: Why are they setting their own
dialog: neighborhood on fire?!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: They’re angry, Elroy.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: It’s happening all over the
dialog: country.
text: They all stare out at the fires that engulf Washington DC.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: America is burning for Martin
dialog: Luther King.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON DC - A WEEK LATER
text: Cecil drives his tattered car through the war torn streets.
text: Burnt buildings, rubble everywhere, military police in tanks.
text: There is a sadness in him at the ruins of his neighborhood.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Three months later, Bobby Kennedy
dialog: was assassinated.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Cecil gets out of his car and walks toward the White House.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
text: Seemed like riots were breaking out
dialog: everyday. They even had one in
dialog: Chicago during the Democratic
dialog: Convention.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - BACK ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Hundreds of protestors stand outside the back gate of the
text: White House entrance. They are mostly white students and
text: HIPPIES dressed in colorful tie-dye clothes and beads.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: And now the white kids were just as
text: angry as the black kids.
text: Holding up Anti-Vietnam War signs, they scream at Cecil as he
text: pushes his way through the crowd.
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS
dialog: How can you work there?!/You’re
dialog: just a nigger to them!/LBJ is a
dialog: baby killer!
text: Cecil maintains his warm smile as the Protestors shout.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - STATE DINING ROOM - DAY
text: The butlers and housemen prepare the State Dining Room. The
text: Protestors outside the White House are heard:
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS
text: HEY, HEY, LBJ! HOW MANY KIDS HAVE
dialog: YOU KILLED TODAY!
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: -A Maid makes a bed, glancing toward the window.
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS V.O.
text: HEY, HEY, LBJ! HOW MANY KIDS HAVE
dialog: YOU KILLED TODAY!
text: -A Calligrapher writes out an invitation, distracted.
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS V.O. (CONT’D)
text: HEY, HEY, LBJ! HOW MANY KIDS HAVE
dialog: YOU KILLED TODAY!
text: -The Florist designs a new arrangement, she looks upset.
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS V.O. (CONT’D)
text: HEY, HEY, LBJ! HOW MANY KIDS HAVE
dialog: YOU KILLED TODAY!
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY
text: LBJ stares out the window at the furious protestors.
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS V.O.
text: HEY, HEY, LBJ! HOW MANY KIDS HAVE
dialog: YOU KILLED TODAY!
dialog: 87.
text: LBJ looks like a worn out old man, tired, drained, but mostly
text: defeated. Cecil stands behind him, sets down a can of Fresca.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I brought you a Fresca, Mr.
dialog: President.
text: LBJ looks back at him, smiles through his sadness.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: Thank you, Cecil.
text: He takes a huge swig, it makes him feel a little better.
speaker_heading: LBJ (CONT'D)
dialog: How’s your boy doing?
text: Cecil doesn’t answer immediately, tough to talk about Louis.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I don’t know, Mr. President.
dialog: Sometimes I feel like we’re living
dialog: in two different worlds. All I want
dialog: is for him to be safe, but no
dialog: matter what I say, he always gets
dialog: so angry at me.
text: The Protestors get even louder:
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS
text: HEY, HEY, LBJ! HOW MANY KIDS HAVE
dialog: YOU KILLED TODAY!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: He keeps telling me that I don’t
dialog: understand him...and maybe he’s
dialog: right. Maybe I just don’t
dialog: understand him anymore.
text: LBJ looks at Cecil with a deep pain. He feels the same way
dialog: about the country.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: Sometimes it’s hard to be a father.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil is ironing a pair of black pants.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: Were you sad that LBJ didn’t run
dialog: for a second term?
dialog: 88.
text: Cecil looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: How much more time do we have? I
dialog: don’t want to be late.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: We've got a few more hours.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: Were you sad to see him go?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I’m always sad when the First
dialog: Family leaves. Always.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - NORTH PORTICO ENTRANCE - DAY
text: The moving van is parked as Housemen carry LBJ'’s boxes to it.
text: Right after a Houseman shuts the van door, it takes off.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: But I was also secretly excited
dialog: that an old friend was comin’ back.
text: An identical moving van immediately pulls up in its place. We
dialog: hear the voice of the new President:
speaker_heading: RICHARD V.O.
dialog: I, Richard Milhous Nixon, do
dialog: solemnly swear...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CENTER HALL - DAY
text: Richard Nixon and his wife, PAT NIXON, 56, walk down the
text: Center Hall flanked by staff and RD Warner. She is poised and
text: lean with a perfect blond coif. Pat is quiet, but not cold.
text: They are taking a tour of their new living quarters led by RD
text: Warner. He is flanked by a few aides and the Nixon daughters,
text: TRICIA, 22, petite blond and JULIE, 20, brunette.
text: Nixon smiles as he gives Cecil his signature Victory salute,
text: Cecil gives it back to him.
scene_heading: EXT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: Gloria is in the kitchen, rolling dough for dinner. She looks
text: unhappy, perhaps something is missing from her life. Just
text: then, there is a knock at the door. She opens it to see -
dialog: 89.
text: Louis and Carol. They both have afros and wear black pants
text: and black leather jackets, a militant ‘black power’ look.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hi, Ma.
text: Gloria tears up at the site of her son, so excited to see
text: him. She flings open the door and gives him a huge hug.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Ma, I want you to meet my fiance,
dialog: Carol Blue.
text: Gloria's eyes light up. She screams:
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: The dear lord has finally answered
dialog: my prayers!
text: She throws her arms around Carol, embracing her in a big hug.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The entire family is having dinner along with several
text: neighbors, including Gina and Elroy, who is dressed in a Navy
text: uniform. An impromptu welcome home party.
text: There is a tension in the air as no one knows what to make of
text: Louis and Carol’s ‘black power’ look. Cecil is particularly
text: put off. Louis glances at Elroy, hates his Navy uniform.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You goin’ to Vietnam?
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Gina puts her arm around him.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: We all so proud.
text: Everyone nods. Louis and Carol glance at each other, then go
text: back to their food, biting their tongues. More silence.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: So, Carol, I have all sorts of
dialog: cooking supplies you can have when
dialog: you two move in together.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Gains, but I don’t
dialog: cook.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The sisters in our political
dialog: organization refuse to partake in
dialog: traditional gender roles.
text: This makes Gloria feel a little self conscious.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Oh, that’s very...unique.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: What’s your political organization
dialog: called?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The Black Panther Party.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What kind of name is that?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We promote Black Power through
dialog: pride in our African heritage as
dialog: expressed in the teachings and self
dialog: discipline of Brothers Huey Newton
dialog: and Bobby Seale.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We provide free breakfast for
dialog: children, free medical clinics, and
dialog: free self defense classes.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Self defense classes?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We ain’t gonna get beat no mo’.
text: This lands like a hammer. The room looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: That reminds me of a movie I just
dialog: saw that you might like. ‘In the
dialog: Heat of the Night’. Sidney Poitier
dialog: plays a cop that goes Sout--
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I won’t see anything with Sidney
dialog: Poitier.
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Sidney Poitier is the white man’s
dialog: fantasy of what he wants the black
dialog: to be. Well behaved with no sense
text: of his manhood as a sexual being.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: But his movies have him fighting
dialog: for equal rights.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Only in a way that is acceptable to
dialog: the white status quo. He earns the
dialog: white man’s respect with false
dialog: dignity instead of fighting against
text: the immorality of his degradation.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: And the brother can’t act.
text: Carol and him laugh. Cecil looks upset.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: He won the Academy Award...he’s
dialog: broken barriers for our people.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: By being white, by acting white.
dialog: Sidney Poitier is nothing but a
dialog: rich Uncle Tom.
text: Cecil jumps to his feet and screams:
speaker_heading: CECIL
text: GET OUT! GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Honey!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I WILL NOT SIT HERE AND HAVE YOU
scene_heading: RIDICULE THE GREATEST NEGRO STAR OF
speaker_heading: OUR TIME!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: HE’S AN UNCLE TOM!
text: Cecil SMASHES a plate.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: GET OUT!
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: I’M SORRY, BUTLER! I DIDN’T MEAN TO
text: MAKE FUN OF YO HERO!
text: Gloria SLAPS Louis across the face. Hard. Gina gasps.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Never disrespect your father in
dialog: this house. NEVER! Everything you
dialog: have is because of him. Everything!
dialog: Your father is a saint and you will
dialog: treat him with respect!
text: Silence. Then, Louis laughs, nods to Carol to leave.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Shit, alright. I’m gone. You
dialog: negroes be good, while me and my
dialog: girl get y'all some mo’ rights.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: So long, pops.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Just get out.
text: Louis and Carol turn around and walk out of the devastated
text: room. Cecil stares at them, fuming in anger.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Cecil walks down a hall with a tray of tea, the anger and
text: bitterness still plastered across his face.
text: Right when he turns into the room, his face instantly flips
text: to his pleasant smile.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LINCOLN SITTING ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil brings in a tea for Nixon who is deep in conversation
text: with his two closest advisors - BOB HALDEMAN, 44, crew cut,
text: intense, and JOHN EHRLICHMAN, 45, balding, boy scout face.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: We think the time calls for a
dialog: period of benign neglect.
text: Cecil pours tea for Nixon.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Benign neglect?
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: The polls overwhelmingly show white
dialog: voters are tired of the race issue
dialog: and feel enough has been done.
text: Cecil pours tea for Ehrlichman, glances at him, but
text: Ehrlichman doesn’t notice.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: And the Southern Strategy is
dialog: clearly working. We gained momentum
dialog: in ‘68, but we think we can flip
dialog: the South for good in ‘72.
text: Nixon thinks it over, stares at Cecil who pours tea.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: There’s this whole black power
dialog: movement going on, right? What if
dialog: Nixon promotes black power to mean
dialog: black businesses, and we find ways
dialog: to support black entrepreneurs. We
dialog: pass the buck on desegregation to
dialog: the courts, but push black
dialog: enterprise to win over the 20% that
dialog: could vote our way.
text: Haldeman and Erhlichman exchange glances, they love it.
speaker_heading: HALDEMAN
dialog: That’s excellent, sir.
text: Cecil picks up his tray and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: EHRLICHMAN
dialog: We just need to make sure that
dialog: ‘Nixon’s black power’ doesn’t
dialog: equate Nixon with the Black
dialog: Panthers.
text: Cecil pauses for a slight beat.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: God no! Did you read Hoover's
dialog: memo?! It’s terrifying. I gave him
text: the green light to go after them
dialog: with all we got.
text: Cecil’s eyes shut in pain as he walks out the door.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PANTHER HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Ten BLACK PANTHERS, all in black jackets and berets, load
text: shotguns in a smoked filled room. The leader of this group
text: ELDRIDGE HUDGINS, 29, black, muscular, loads his shotgun.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE HUDGINS
dialog: Always beware of the nigger with a
dialog: gun.
text: A few people in the room laugh, but Louis is uncomfortable.
text: He looks around at the guns, the smoke, just doesn’t like
text: what he sees. He whispers to Carol.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I got to talk to you.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PANTHER HEADQUARTERS - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Louis speaks to Carol in the hall outside the room.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We should get out of here.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: This is a mistake. We should go.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What the hell are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I was always proud to be in
dialog: jail...but I don’t think I’d be
dialog: proud to be there for what we're
text: about to do.
text: Carol looks stunned. Eldridge Huggins sticks his head out.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE HUGGINS
dialog: Is there a problem here?
speaker_heading: CAROL
text: Louis wants to leave.
text: Eldridge Huggins stares at him.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE HUGGINS
dialog: You scared, brother?
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yeah, I’m scared, and I’m not your
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE HUGGINS
dialog: What about you, soul sister? You
dialog: gonna go with this jive ass
dialog: peckerwood?
text: Carol looks at Louis, then at Eldridge Huggins.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: No, soul brother, I’m with you.
text: She walks over to Huggins and puts her arm around him.
speaker_heading: CAROL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not getting beat no mo’, Louis.
scene_heading: EXT. OAKLAND STREET - NIGHT
text: Louis walks down a quiet Oakland street, deeply disturbed. A
text: POLICE CAR slowly drives by him, then continues on its way.
text: Louis watches the car for a moment, then runs after it.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - OAKLAND - NIGHT
text: The Panthers are staked out with their shotguns - one behind
text: a tree, two behind a house, three more behind a fence. Carol
text: grips her shotgun, but now she looks unsure.
scene_heading: EXT. OAKLAND STREET - NIGHT
text: Louis runs toward the police car that’s half a mile down the
text: street. He waves his arms at the police car.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - OAKLAND - NIGHT
text: The police car slowly drives down the block looking for an
text: address, inching closer toward its assassins.
text: The Panthers give each other slight nods. Carol nods back,
text: but she’s starting to sweat, doesn’t want to do this now.
text: Right when the car gets in their cross hairs, the Panthers
text: start BLASTING away. BANG! BANG! BANG!
text: Carol watches for a second, then starts BLASTING as she
text: screams in rage.
dialog: 96.
text: Louis appears at the head of the block and sees the firing
text: squad. Police sirens can be heard off in the distance as the
text: Panthers immediately take off running.
text: Carol sees Louis at the head of the block. They stare at each
text: other, Carol with shame in her eyes. Then she runs off.
text: Louis watches her go as the sirens get louder and louder.
text: Finally, he runs away.
scene_heading: EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: Cecil drives down the street that still has many burnt down
text: buildings from the ‘68 riot. A few new storefronts have
dialog: opened that sell incense, candles and African clothes.
text: Men and woman have AFROS and wear colorful DASHIKIS. A sense
text: of AFRICAN PRIDE has been infused into the neighborhood.
text: Cecil eyes it all, just doesn’t know what to make of it.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEN'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Cecil walks into the house and sees Gloria on the couch
text: watching news coverage of Watergate.
speaker_heading: NEWSCAST V.O.
dialog: “The White House continues to deny
dialog: any involvement in the break in at
dialog: the Watergate hotel.”
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Can you please turn that off? I
dialog: have to deal with Watergate
dialog: everyday at work, I don’t want to
dialog: deal with it at home.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Well, I can’t live in ignorance
dialog: just because your boss is a two bit
text: criminal with a gang of Cuban thugs
text: on his payroll.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: A gang of what?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
text: The plumbers.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: The what?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Nixon’s henchmen. The same guys
dialog: that broke into Daniel Ellsberg’s
dialog: psychiatrist office were behind the
dialog: Watergate break-in’s, it’s obvious
dialog: this is a conspiracy.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: What do you want me to do about it?
dialog: Quit?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Cuz if the staff quit every time a
dialog: President did something we didn’t
dialog: like, there’d be no staff!
text: Gloria feels bad, kisses him on the mouth.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I’m sorry, baby. The whole thing
dialog: just makes me upset.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: And when did you start getting so
dialog: worked up about politics?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: When he didn’t appoint a black
dialog: cabinet member. Not one single
dialog: black man in his entir--
text: Just then - they see a MILITARY CAR drive slowly down the
text: street. They hurry to the window to see the car pull up to a
text: house. Out walks a MILITARY OFFICER and a PRIEST.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Oh my god.
text: Cecil and Gloria hurry out of the house, they look terrified.
text: Many neighbors are coming out of their homes as the Officer
text: and Priest knock on a front door.
text: The door opens revealing Gina, she stares at them in mortal
text: fear. Before they can speak she screams:
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: No! Not my Elroy! No!
text: Cecil has hurried over and holds her as she WAILS in pain:
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: GINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please God! Not my Elroy! NOT MY
speaker_heading: ELROY!
text: The neighbors all surround Gina, many are crying. Cecil
text: continues to hold Gina as she wails in his arms.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I never felt more lost in all my
dialog: life.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil ties a black tie around his shirt collar.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Everything was changin’ around me
dialog: so fast. Vietnam took our Elroy and
text: Gloria was startin’ to drift away.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: Everywhere I turned, someone new
dialog: was leavin’ me behind...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - YELLOW OVAL ROOM - DAY
text: Nixon stands in front of the entire White House staff with
dialog: Pat and his two daughters.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: I want you all to know that I leave
dialog: with deep regret in my heart. You
dialog: lifted me up during the tough
dialog: moments and for that I will always
dialog: be grateful.
text: Several of the staff are crying, but not Cecil. He stares at
text: Nixon with a bitter detachment.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: We think that when we suffer a
dialog: defeat, that all is ended.
text: He looks right at Cecil.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: But the greatness comes when you
dialog: are really tested...
text: Cecil looks surprised, never thought he’d ever be tested.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: NIXON (CONT'D)
dialog: .--because only if you've been in
dialog: the deepest valley...
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - NORTH PORTICO ENTRANCE - DAY
text: The Houseman shuts the back of the moving van.
speaker_heading: NIXON V.O.
dialog: ...Can you ever know how
dialog: magnificent it is to be on the
dialog: highest mountain.
text: Right as the moving van drives off, an identical moving van
text: pulls up in its place. We hear the voice of GERALD FORD:
speaker_heading: GERALD FORD
dialog: I, Gerald Rudolph Ford, do solemnly
dialog: swear-—
text: The moving van immediately pulls off and a new moving van
text: pulls up right where it was parked. We hear the distinct
dialog: southern twang of our next President:
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I, Jimmy Carter, do solemnly
dialog: Swear...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CENTER HALL - DAY
text: The staff hurries through the Central Hall, bringing in the
text: Carter’s new furniture that has a distinct country flair.
text: The new Chief Usher, SCOTT REXFORD, mid-40’s, clean cut,
text: oversees the melee, he is much warmer than RD Warner.
speaker_heading: SCOTT REXFORD
dialog: 38 minutes to go. You all are doing
dialog: great!
text: Willie Nelson’s ‘On the Road Again’, plays over the sequence:
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: The new President, JIMMY CARTER, 52, cherub-like, exudes
text: warmth and charm. He feels like a sweet uncle. He wears an
text: apron as he pours green water from a pot into a bowl.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
text: The juice from the collared greens
dialog: contains an abundance of the
dialog: vegetable’s minerals and vitamins.
dialog: (Big smile)
dialog: We call it pot likker.
text: The Chef grins, but a little worried that his culinary skills
dialog: are going to be under utilized for the next four years.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CROSS HALL - DAY
text: ‘On the Road Again’ continues as Jimmy’s daughter, AMY, 9,
text: round nerdy glasses, roller skates through the Cross Hall.
text: Cecil jumps out of the way holding a tray.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH LAWN - NIGHT
text: A huge Southern style BBQ is taking place on the South Lawn
text: with a crawfish boil, piles of corn bread and BBQ. WILLIE
text: NELSON is up on a stage singing ‘On The Road Again’.
text: Jimmy dances with his wife, ROSALYN, pretty and charming.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - DAY
text: Jimmy Carter stands at a podium in front of the press corps.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: .--and that is why I am proud to
dialog: appoint the country’s first black
dialog: female Cabinet member, Patricia
dialog: Harris, as head of Housing and
dialog: Urban Development.
text: PATRICIA HARRIS, 52, black, walks up to the podium. Cecil
text: applauds, then stops, remembering he’s not supposed to clap.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: Gloria beams with pride at a big front page photo on the
text: Washington Post of Patricia Harris. She looks up,
text: thinking...this sparks something in her.
scene_heading: INT. COMBAHEE RIVER COLLECTIVE - DAY
text: Gloria walks into the office of the Combahee River
text: Collective. It’s filled with young black woman in their 20’s
text: and 30’s. Many of them with bushy Afros.
dialog: 101.
text: Posters cover the walls with pictures of black women marching
text: in rallies with the slogan - “A SEPARATE ROAD TO FEMINISM”. A
text: female STAFF MEMBER look up at the older Gloria.
speaker_heading: STAFF MEMBER
dialog: Can I help you?
text: Gloria doesn’t respond, she looks nervous.
scene_heading: INT. COMBAHEE RIVER COLLECTIVE - OFFICE - DAY
text: Gloria sits in a small office across from BARBARA SMITH, 30,
text: wears an army jacket. She has a tough, but cool vibe.
speaker_heading: BARBARA SMITH
dialog: Our goal is to gain female equality
dialog: by calling attention to racism,
dialog: sexism, homophobia and classicism
dialog: to ensure that the most
dialog: discriminated individual in
dialog: American society, the black woman,
dialog: will no longer be ignored.
text: Gloria has a stunned look on her face, doesn’t know what to
text: say. Barbara Smith can tell she is overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: BARBARA SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: So tell me, Gloria, what exactly
dialog: brought you here?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Well, my son was a civil rights
dialog: activist in the sixtie--
speaker_heading: BARBARA SMITH
text: The black woman was completely left
dialog: behind by the Civil Rights
dialog: movement. It was always ‘One Man,
dialog: One Vote’, the word ‘woman’ was
dialog: never mentioned even though we were
text: an integral part of the struggle.
text: Slight beat.
speaker_heading: BARBARA SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry, go ahead.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I just feel like I’ve spent the
dialog: last 20 years watching the world go
dialog: by on my television.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: I don’t want to watch no more.
dialog: 102.
text: Barbara Smith smiles at Gloria, likes her.
speaker_heading: BARBARA SMITH
dialog: I think you’d fit in nicely here.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You don’t think I’m too old?
speaker_heading: BARBARA SMITH
dialog: You're never too old to fight for
dialog: social justice.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: So what is your son doing these
dialog: days?
text: Gloria goes quiet.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: We haven't spoken in a while.
scene_heading: INT. ELKS CLUB - STATE ASSEMBLY DEBATE - NIGHT
text: Dressed in a suit and tie, Louis stands at a podium in front
text: of a medium sized audience of about 100 people. A banner
text: above him announces ‘STATE ASSEMBLY DEBATE’.
text: The room is sparsely decorated, a low budget operation, but
text: Louis passionately addresses the modest crowd. In his mid-
text: 30's now, he’s lost a little hair and gained a few pounds.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: With the economy spiraling out of
dialog: control, there is no greater time
dialog: for Affirmative Action than now. I
dialog: know these measures are not popular
text: with white voters, as they seem to
dialog: feel that racism is a thing of the
dialog: past, but the truth is that black
dialog: America is still significantly
dialog: disadvantaged due to past and
dialog: present discrimination.
text: The MODERATOR turns to Louis main competitor, KEITH ALANS, a
text: black conservative in a bow tie, he speaks from a podium.
speaker_heading: KEITH ALANS
dialog: Mr. Gains and I may share the same
dialog: skin color, but that is all we
dialog: share. Affirmative Action is racism
dialog: in reverse and it only creates more
dialog: hostility by causing whites to
dialog: resent blacks.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: KEITH ALANS (CONT'D)
dialog: If the black man wants to succeed
dialog: he must do it with his own
dialog: achievements.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You can’t kick a man in the dirt
dialog: for 400 years and then accuse him
dialog: of being dirty.
speaker_heading: KEITH ALANS
dialog: Even our liberal President agrees
dialog: that Affirmative Action should be
text: phased out as he has already begun
dialog: slashing these programs.
text: Louis shoots him an icy look.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: To my great disappointment,
dialog: President Carter is not a liberal.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - ROOSEVELT ROOM - DAY
text: Jimmy Carter sits across from the Black Congressional Caucus.
text: They are stern with him, all look frustrated. Their leader is
text: REP. JOHN CONYERS, 49, tough, no nonsense.
text: Cecil refills everyone's glasses with waters. He seems
text: focused on the water, but it’s clear he’s listening.
scene_heading: REP. JOHN CONYERS
dialog: You received 94% of the black vote
dialog: in the second closest election of
dialog: the century, Mr. President. We
dialog: elected you, and I’m sorry to say
dialog: that we feel betrayed by these cuts
dialog: to social programs.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: My first priority has got to be
dialog: getting inflation down or the
dialog: economy is going to continue to
text: spiral out of control.
scene_heading: REP. JOHN CONYERS
dialog: Which is exactly why we need more
dialog: economic investment in the inner
dialog: cities, not less. White businesses
dialog: have fled in droves and it has
dialog: created rampant black unemployment.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: It’s not just the black community
dialog: that is suffering--
scene_heading: REP. JOHN CONYERS
dialog: --but we are disproportionately
dialog: affected.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I've got to keep the budgets tight,
dialog: everyone is just going to have to
dialog: learn to get by with less.
text: The black leaders exchange frustrated glances. John Conyers
text: rises to his feet. Cecil looks surprised.
scene_heading: REP. JOHN CONYERS
dialog: We’re used to getting less, Mr.
dialog: President, we were just hoping for
dialog: more from you.
text: He walks out of the room, Cecil looks stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. LOUIS GAINS ELECTION HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: The small campaign headquarters is covered in deflated
text: balloons that matches everyone’s deflated spirit. The only
text: person not upset is Louis who tries to cheer everyone up.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I know everyone is disappointed,
dialog: and no one more so than me. But we
dialog: have to remember that even though
dialog: we lost tonight, we need to
dialog: celebrate that another brother has
dialog: won an election. Now I know he may
dialog: not be our kind of brother...
text: Everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-but a black man is going to the
dialog: state assembly and for that we
dialog: should all be thrilled.
text: Polite applause.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Ten years ago we couldn’t even vote
dialog: in the South and now we’ve got
dialog: brothers and sisters in Congress
dialog: and state offices.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Maynard Jackson is the mayor of
dialog: Atlanta, Tom Bradley in Los
dialog: Angeles, Carl Stokes, Shirley
dialog: Chisolm, Barbara Jordan and the
dialog: list goes on and on! We are doing
dialog: it! We are starting to live the
dialog: American dream!
text: Everyone is applauding like crazy now. Even though Louis
text: lost, he looks like a leader.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve been through so many dark
dialog: times, but in all those years
text: gettin’ beat and thrown in prison,
dialog: I never thought I’d see the day
dialog: that I would have to give a
dialog: concession speech.
text: The room gives a warm and joyous applause to this.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to thank you all for your
dialog: hard work, and I want to thank my
dialog: beautiful wife, Sarah, for all
dialog: those long hours on the trail.
text: Everyone applauds Louis’ gorgeous wife, SARAH, 30, black. She
text: smiles at the crowd.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: This isn’t the end tonight, it’s
dialog: only the beginning.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil is on the phone as Gloria anxiously waits for news. As
text: Cecil’s eyes drop, so do Gloria’s.
speaker_heading: CECIL (INTO THE PHONE)
dialog: Thank you, I appreciate it.
text: He hangs up, turns to his wife. Then sadly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: He lost 51 to 49%.
text: Gloria cringes at how close it was.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Should we call him?
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It’s been so long. Do you think he
dialog: wants to hear from us tonight?
text: Gloria shrugs, isn’t sure.
scene_heading: INT. LOUIS GAINS ELECTION HEADQUARTERS - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The room has emptied out a bit. Louis lounges on a couch,
text: arms clutched around Sarah.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I still can’t believe I lost to
dialog: that honky nigger.
text: She busts up laughing.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone knows the fool only got
dialog: into Harvard because of Affirmative
dialog: Action! What’s the matter with
dialog: these people?!
text: An AIDE yells from the other end of the room.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Louis, you got a phone call.
text: Louis walks over to the phone, picks it up. He hears:
speaker_heading: CAROL V.O.
dialog: I’m so sorry you lost.
text: Louis sits up, obviously hasn’t heard from her in years.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Where are you?
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL STATE PRISON - NIGHT
text: Carol is in a prison uniform in a federal penitentiary. Her
text: arms are covered in prison tatoos, she’s been here for years.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I love you, Louis. I’m sorry I
dialog: never could say that before, but I
dialog: really do love you.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - LOUIS AND CAROL
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What happened? Where did you go?
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Don’t ever forget that, okay, baby,
dialog: please don’t ever forget it.
text: She hangs up.
text: Louis slowly hangs up the phone, then looks over at his wife.
text: He smiles at his beautiful Sarah...happy with his life.
scene_heading: EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - WASHINGTON DC - DAY
text: Driving to work, Cecil sees several boarded up buildings with
text: ‘FOR RENT’ and ‘FORECLOSED’ signs. All of the African-Pride
text: stores have shut down and no new businesses are moving in.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Every where I looked, it seemed
text: like another black man was losin’
dialog: somethin’ new.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil eyes the headline on Booker’s newspaper: ‘SUPREME COURT
scene_heading: RULES FOR BAKKE, ENDS RACIAL QUOTAS.”
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: And for the first time, I was
dialog: startin’ to get mad.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - CHIEF USHER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Cecil sits across from the Chief Usher, Scott Rexford.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I’ve been here for twenty years
dialog: now, and for all that time, the
dialog: black help has been getting a
dialog: smaller salary than the white help.
dialog: I just don’t think it’s right.
text: Scott Rexford is much warmer than the previous Chief Usher.
speaker_heading: SCOTT REXFORD
dialog: I don’t think it is either, Cecil.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: And there are black housemen who
dialog: should be engineers by now, they
dialog: should've been promoted years ago.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: SCOTT REXFORD
dialog: I fully agree, and I plan on making
dialog: several promotions immediately. The
dialog: raises are going to be tougher
dialog: because of the recession.
text: Cecil smiles his warm smile.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I know that we’re in a recession,
dialog: but I can’t wait out these excuses
dialog: anymore. I have to be paid the same
dialog: as the white help or I’1l have to
dialog: move on.
text: Silence. Scott Rexford is impressed at his forcefulness.
speaker_heading: SCOTT REXFORD
dialog: I know that no one wants that,
dialog: including the President. I’1l get
text: into it immediately.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It’s important that it’s not just
dialog: me, all of the black help needs to
dialog: get equal pay to the white staff.
text: Scott Rexford smiles.
speaker_heading: SCOTT REXFORD
dialog: We'll find a way to make this work.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - STAIR LANDING - DAY
text: Cecil walks up the stair landing with a small look of pride
text: on his face, he sees Jimmy Carter sitting on the floor of the
text: Treaty Room tieing a fly fishing fly.
text: Cecil stares at the President, he looks beaten up by the job,
text: depressed. Jimmy sees Cecil through the doorway.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: You ever do much fishing, Cecil?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: My daddy used to take me fly
text: fishing as a boy.
dialog: (Then)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: I bet when I’m on my death bed,
dialog: I‘1l think of my daddy, and I
dialog: probably won’t even remember I was
dialog: President.
text: Cecil grins, but the conversation is a touch painful.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you close with your father?
text: Cecil shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I never knew him.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I’m sorry, Cecil, that’s a real
dialog: shame.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I sometimes wonder what he looked
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: If he could see you now, I bet he’d
dialog: be real proud of you.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I bet your father would be very
dialog: proud of you, Mr. President.
text: Slight beat.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I think he might be disappointed.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I don’t think so, Mr. President.
dialog: His son made it to the White House.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: We both made it, Cecil.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Yes we did, Mr. President.
text: Slight beat, Jimmy’s face falls knowing his doomed fate.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Except you’ll get to stay.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - NORTH PORTICO ENTRANCE - DAY
text: A moving van is pulling out as a new moving van pulls in. We
text: hear the raspy older voice of our next president:
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I, Ronald Wilson Reagan, do
dialog: solemnly swear...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: RONALD ‘RONNIE’ REAGAN, 69, exudes a sweet, likable quality.
text: He feels like a favorite Grandfather. He is in the kitchen
text: with the butlers and the kitchen staff telling them a joke.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: So the psychiatrist took the
text: pessimistic brother to a room piled
text: to the ceiling with brand-new toys.
text: But instead of yelping with
text: delight, the little boy burst into
dialog: tears. "What's the matter? Don't
dialog: you want to play with any of the
dialog: toys,” asked the psychiatrist.
dialog: "Yes," the little boy bawled, "but
dialog: if I did I'd only break them."
text: The staff is smiling, a few have already started laughing.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Next the psychiatrist treated the
text: optimistic brother. Trying to
text: dampen his out look, he took him to
text: a room piled to the ceiling with
text: horse manure. The optimist yelped
text: with delight, clambered to the top
text: of the pile and began gleefully
text: digging out scoop after scoop with
text: his bare hands.
text: A few people grimace, but Cecil is laughing. Ronnie starts to
text: chuckle as he nears the punch line.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: "What do you think you're doing?",
dialog: the psychiatrist asked.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: "With all this manure," the
dialog: optimistic boy replied, "there must
dialog: be a pony in here somewhere!"
dialog: 111.
text: The whole room bust out in laughter, everyone is beaming,
text: they love Ronald Reagan. Just then, his wife, NANCY, 59,
text: walks into the room in a stylish red suit.
text: As soon as she walks in, Ronnie tenses up a touch, becomes a
dialog: different person around Nancy.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Good talking to everyone.
text: He pecks Nancy on the cheek as he hurries out of the room.
dialog: Booker whispers to Cecil:
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Just like at my house.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Ronnie sits with PAT BUCHANAN, 47, jowly, the Communications
text: Director. They are across from three Republican Senators,
scene_heading: RICHARD LUGAR, 53, BOB DOLE, 62 and NANCY KASSEBAUM, 53.
text: Cecil pours tea for Senator Dole who smiles at him.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I want to make myself clear on this
dialog: issue. If Congress passes sanctions
dialog: against South Africa, I will be
dialog: forced to veto those sanctions.
text: Cecil stops pouring for a split second, then starts up again.
speaker_heading: SENATOR LUGAR
dialog: Mr. President, we feel that you are
text: missing a major point here.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Which is what, Senator Lugar?
text: Cecil pours tea for Senator Kassebaum who nods at him.
speaker_heading: SENATOR LUGAR
dialog: The brutal repression of South
dialog: Africa’s black citizens is no
dialog: longer just a foreign policy issue.
dialog: It’s a domestic civil rights issue.
text: Pat Buchanan snaps at him.
speaker_heading: PAT BUCHANAN
dialog: If we impose sanctions on South
dialog: African it will make us appear weak
dialog: to Russia!
dialog: 112.
text: Cecil stands at the back, staring forward, it’s clear he’s
text: listening. Senator Kassebaum turns to Ronnie with urgency:
scene_heading: SENATOR KASSEBAUM
dialog: Mr. President, the three of us are
dialog: Senators from your own party, you
dialog: can’t get a friendlier room than
dialog: this. That is why we feel so
dialog: comfortable telling you that South
dialog: Africa is a human rights disaster.
text: Blacks are beaten, tortured and
text: gunned down in the streets. The
dialog: America people are horrified by
dialog: Apartheid.
text: Ronnie looks frustrated with the Senators.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I’m sorry, Senator Kassebaum, but I
dialog: will not show weakness to Russia by
dialog: backing down on this issue.
speaker_heading: SENATOR LUGAR
dialog: But Mr. President, your own
dialog: personal world leadership is at
dialog: stake. The United States of America
dialog: needs to be on the right side of
dialog: history on the race issue.
text: Ronnie looks at them all with his iron will, when he is
text: convinced he’s right, nothing can change his mind.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Let me be clear so that there’s no
dialog: confusion, if Congress passes this
dialog: bill, I will veto it. Period.
text: Pat Buchanan smiles at the three Republican Senators who just
text: stare at Ronnie, they can’t believe it.
text: Cecil also stares at Ronnie, he can’t believe it either.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - DISHWASHING ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil pours out the left over tea from his teapot. He looks
text: disturbed on a deep level.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ronnie sits alone behind his desk, he is writing a check out
text: for $2000. Cecil walks in.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Yes, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I have a secret mission for you,
dialog: Cecil.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I like to send people money when
dialog: they write me about their financial
dialog: problems, but my staff has been
dialog: trying to get me to stop. You think
dialog: you could help me keep this going?
text: Ronnie places the check in an envelope and hands it to Cecil.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Absolutely, Mr. President.
text: Ronnie looks up at him, something on his mind.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Cecil, did you ever go to those
dialog: civil rights rallies in the
dialog: sixties?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: No, sir, I was too old for that
dialog: sort of thing.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I know what you mean.
text: Ronnie looks troubled, trying to work through his feelings.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This whole civil rights issue...I
dialog: sometimes fear I’m on the wrong
dialog: side of it...that I’m just wrong.
text: He turns to Cecil, a touch lost.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think?
text: Cecil stares at him, amazed.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil stares into the video camera, still amazed.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Never in my life had a President of
dialog: the United States asked me what I
dialog: thought about anything.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MAN
dialog: So what did you tell him?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I told him the truth.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM
text: Cecil smiles at the President with understanding.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I sometimes think the same thing
dialog: about myself, Mr. President.
text: Ronnie nods. Then points at the envelope with the check -
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I appreciate your help with our
dialog: little project. And don’t tell
dialog: Nancy about it.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I won’t, Mr. President.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - WHITE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: As Cecil walks into the hallway he hears from behind him.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Cecil.
text: Cecil tenses up, quickly puts the envelope in his pocket.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Yes, Mrs. Reagan?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: You're very well liked around here.
dialog: Everyone says you’re the man that
dialog: got them raises and promotions. I
dialog: had no idea you were such a rebel.
dialog: How'd you get to be like that?
text: Cecil smiles, trying to play it off like a joke.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I’m not a rebel, Mrs. Reagan, it
dialog: just seemed like it was time.
text: She smiles at him, clearly likes Cecil.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I wanted to talk to you because I’d
dialog: like to personally invite you to
dialog: the State Dinner next week.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: But I’m going to be there, Mrs.
dialog: Reagan.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: No, Cecil, not as a butler, I’m
dialog: inviting you as a guest.
text: Cecil is stunned, doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: But...the President prefers for me
dialog: to serve him personally.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Don’t worry about, Ronnie. I‘11l
dialog: take care of that. So we’ll see you
dialog: and your wife next week, yes?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (Stunned)
dialog: Yes, Ma’m.
scene_heading: EXT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: Wearing a three piece tux, Cecil walks out of his house with
text: Gloria who is in a ball gown. They are greeted with a wild
text: round of applause from the neighbors who are all outside.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - DAY
text: Gloria is being escorted by a Military aide toward the East
text: Room. She looks around in total amazement, Cinderella at the
text: ball. Cecil wanders behind her like all the other male dates.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Can I get you champagne, Mr. Gains?
text: Cecil slaps him on the shoulder.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Oh, come on now!
text: Booker starts to laugh. Then from behind them they hear:
speaker_heading: MILITARY AIDE
dialog: Ladies and Gentleman, the President
dialog: and First Lady of the United
dialog: States.
text: The Military Band begins ‘Hail to the Chief’ as Ronnie and
text: Nancy walk down the hall to great fanfare.
text: Gloria stares at Nancy who greets all of her guests with
text: charisma. Gloria is in awe of Nancy as she whispers to Cecil.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: She’s so strong.
scene_heading: INT. STATE DINNING ROOM - NIGHT
text: They are seated at separate tables as all of the butlers
text: smile at Cecil, very proud. A BUTLER serves him tomato soup.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: This one is made special, Mr.
text: Gains.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Oh, come on now!
text: Cecil glances over at Gloria who is seated near Nancy, she
text: beams at the First Lady who is controlling the table.
text: Cecil looks around at all of the butlers serving the room -
text: carefully setting down dishes, refilling water and wine
text: glasses. They are an impressive, well oiled machine.
text: But Cecil’s smile slowly starts to drop. He doesn’t know why,
text: but he doesn’t like what he sees.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil looks confused at the memory.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It was real different sittin’ at
text: the table instead of servin’ it.
dialog: Real different.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Cecil walks into the kitchen where Chef Luke is preparing a
text: glorious chocolate mouse. All of the staff looks confused.
speaker_heading: CHEF LUKE
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I wanted to see if you needed any
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: CHEF LUKE
dialog: Get back up there!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Alright, alright.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - EAST ROOM - NIGHT
text: All the guests are having after dinner drinks. Cecil looks
text: even more unhappy, but Gloria is shinning, outgoing. Booker
text: walks over, whispers to Cecil.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: How’s it going, blood?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Real nice.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: Be even nicer if I was here for
dialog: real instead of for show.
text: Booker smiles at Cecil with empathy, he finally gets it.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: They walk into the house, Gloria is on cloud nine, still on a
text: high from the night. Cecil looks conflicted, almost confused.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I think that was one of the
dialog: greatest nights of my life.
text: Cecil smiles, but it’s clear he had a different experience.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Gloria is asleep, but Cecil lies wide awake.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I couldn't understand why such a
dialog: lovely night would cause me so much
dialog: trouble.
text: He looks over at Gloria who is sound asleep with a big smile.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: It had a whole different effect on
dialog: Gloria.
scene_heading: EXT. RALLY - DAY
text: A huge rally is taking place with hundreds of black women
text: facing a stage where a nervous Gloria stands at a microphone.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I’m just a quiet house wife from
dialog: Washington DC, I never once saw
dialog: myself as having the courage to
text: stand up in front of people and
dialog: speak out.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: But for far too long the black
dialog: woman has lived in the shadows. I
dialog: say it is time we step out from the
dialog: dark and let our voices be heard!
text: The crowd roars with approval, no one louder than Cecil. But
text: as Gloria continues her speech, Cecil looks a touch lost.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: The more Gloria came into her own,
dialog: the more confused I felt.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - DAY
text: Cecil passes out cookies to people in the White House tour,
text: he looks unhappy.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: For the first time in 34 years I
text: started to feel restless at work.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - DISHWASHING ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil is washing dishes, looks almost angry.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I felt like I didn’t know who I was
dialog: anymore.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil is wearing a tie and pants, he cleans off
text: his suit jacket with a lint brush.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Then I remembered that the last
dialog: time I felt this way was after I
dialog: read those books when I was a kid.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY
text: Cecil is in a library looking at the stacks of books.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: So I figured they might explain to
dialog: me why I was upset again all these
dialog: years later.
text: He pulls a copy of ‘EYES ON THE PRIZE’ off the shelf.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LIBRARY - LATER
text: He sits at a table reading the book. There is a picture from
text: 1960 of the black students at the sit-ins being taunted.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: I remembered when this happened,
dialog: but I didn’t know how bad it got.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Cecil reads ‘RACE, REFORM AND REBELLION’ about the Freedom
text: Riders, there is a picture of the burning bus.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: Readin’ about these kids made me
dialog: embarrassed about how wrong I had
dialog: been about them at first. They were
dialog: never criminals...
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cecil sits on the couch reading ‘PILLAR OF FIRE’, there are
text: pictures of the various student protestors.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: ...they were heroes. All of them.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: James Bevel, John Lewis, Ella
dialog: Baker, Stokey Carmichael, Bernard
dialog: Lafayette, Carol Nash.
text: He turns the page and there is a full page picture of Louis
text: holding a sign that says ‘I AM A MAN.’ Cecil is stunned.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: And then there he was, my boy...
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM
text: Cecil smiles into the camera.
speaker_heading: CECIL
text: ...right along the rest of them.
text: For the first time we see the CAMERA MAN -
text: It’s Louis, now 66, he’s bald with grey temples. Tears roll
text: down his cheek as he listens to his father. Cecil smiles at
dialog: his son, so proud.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: We had barely spoken for almost ten
dialog: years, and when I saw your picture
dialog: I realized that it had been the
dialog: worst ten years of my life. I never
dialog: knew I could miss someone as much I
dialog: missed you.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I missed you too, Dad, I missed you
dialog: so much.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: When you were born I promised you
dialog: that nuthin’ was gonna ever tear us
dialog: apart...
scene_heading: EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - WASHINGTON DC - DAY
text: Cecil walks down the street, there is still rubble from the
text: ‘68 riots, most of the buildings are run down and boarded up,
text: a DRUG DEALER on the corner, a PROSTITUTE on another.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: ..-and now it was time to keep my
dialog: promise.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH AFRICAN EMBASSY - DAY
text: Hundreds of protestors are outside the South African Embassy
text: with signs ‘Freedom in South Africa’ and ‘End Apartheid’.
text: Louis is at the front of the crowd standing next to Amy
text: Carter, who is now 18. Louis talks to a REPORTER.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Twenty-five years ago we marched in
dialog: this country for our rights, today
dialog: we march to free the people of
dialog: South Africa!
text: The crowd cheers around him.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Were you surprised by President
dialog: Reagan's veto?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Ronald Reagan has attacked or
dialog: dismantled every civil rights
dialog: program that has ever been put in
dialog: to place. Aiding the oppression of
dialog: black South Africans is consistent
dialog: with his policies on race issu--.
text: Louis stops talking as he sees Cecil watching him from across
text: the street. Louis is stunned.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Please excuse me for a minute.
text: The Reporter moves on to Amy Carter.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Amy, does your father, former
dialog: President Carter approve of what
dialog: you are doing here?
text: Louis walks up to Cecil. The two of them stare at each other
dialog: for a long beat. It’s been so many years.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hi, Dad.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Hi, Louis.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I came here to protest with you.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But we’re gonna get arrested,
dialog: you'll lose your job.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I resigned today.
text: Louis is shocked, can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why?
text: Cecil smiles.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I want to join the Beloved
dialog: Community.
text: Louis beams as he wraps his arms around his dad in a huge
text: hug. This time, he’s the one that doesn’t want to let go.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL - DAY
text: Cecil and Louis sit side by side in a holding cell crammed
text: with 20 other protestors. Cecil looks nervous.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don’t worry, Dad, we’ll be out ina
dialog: few hours.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: How many times have you been
dialog: arrested?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Sixty-three.
text: Cecil is stunned, had no idea. They sit for a moment. Then,
text: Cecil starts to sing:
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: ‘We shall overcome. We shall
dialog: overcome.
text: Louis joins in with him -
speaker_heading: CECIL AND LOUIS
dialog: ‘We shall overcome someday.’
text: They continue singing into the next scene...
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: EXT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: Cecil and Gloria are twenty years older with full heads of
text: grey hair. Cecil helps Gloria gingerly walk down their block,
text: ‘BARACK OBAMA FOR PRESIDENT’ signs are on every lawn.
scene_heading: CECIL AND LOUIS V.O.
dialog: ‘We are not afraid. We are not
dialog: afraid...
scene_heading: EXT. CECIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: They continue their walk through the neighborhood, it has
text: been revitalized, lots of new buildings and stores, no more
text: rubble. ‘BARACK OBAMA FOR PRESIDENT’ signs in every window.
scene_heading: CECIL AND LOUIS V.O.
dialog: ‘,..we are not afraid someday.’
scene_heading: EXT. GRADE SCHOOL - DAY
text: They walk up a tree lined street to an elementary school with
dialog: a sign - ‘Polling Station #54. Vote here on November 4!’ They
text: stare at it for a long moment, then Gloria tears up.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: My grandparents were born slaves,
dialog: and in a week I’m gonna come here
dialog: and vote for a black man to be
dialog: President of the United States.
text: She turns to Cecil with tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Never in my wildest dreams did I
dialog: ever imagine this could happen in
dialog: my lifetime, and now I’m not only
dialog: gonna see it, but I’m gonna be a
text: part of it.
text: Cecil takes her hand.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Ain’t it something, honey bear.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: It sure is, baby doll.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Cecil helps Gloria gingerly sit down on to their bed.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Reagan did what?!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: He’d have me send checks to people
dialog: that sent him letters about how
dialog: poor they were.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: So the man cuts welfare benefits
dialog: for millions, but sent poor people
dialog: money out of his own pocket?!
text: Cecil shrugs. Gloria thinks for a moment, then confesses:
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I kept sending Louis money after
dialog: you told me to stop.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: For how long?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Years.
text: Cecil stares at her, then smiles.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I did too.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: He never knew it was from me.
text: They both start to laugh as Cecil walks into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: I stopped after the fight, but I
dialog: didn’t want to. How much would you
dialog: send him?
text: She doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: How much did you send him?
text: He walks back into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Honey bea--?
dialog: 125.
text: He stops as he sees that Gloria is passed out in an unusual
text: position. Cecil immediately knows that something is wrong.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Cecil is at a podium in front of a packed church next to a
text: casket. The audience is filled with a huge crowd, watching
text: Cecil eulogizes with a joy at his Gloria’s beautiful life.
speaker_heading: CECIL
text: As a poor negro girl growing up in
dialog: the deep south, never in her
dialog: wildest dreams did my beautiful
dialog: wife think she would lead marches
text: and rallies in front of hundreds of
dialog: black women.
text: The audience applauds.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
text: As a poor negro girl in the deep
dialog: south, never in her wildest dreams
dialog: did my beautiful wife dream that
dialog: she would she see her son become a
dialog: United States Congressman.
text: Louis smiles as the audience applauds the Congressman.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: And as a poor negro girl in the
dialog: South, never in her wildest dreams
dialog: would my beautiful wife think she’d
dialog: see her husband arrested for
dialog: protesting the Iraq War. Both of
dialog: them!
text: Wild applause.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: The story of my Gloria, is the
dialog: story of this country. She lived
dialog: most of her life quiet in the
text: shadows, afraid to lift her head.
dialog: But when the truth became clear,
dialog: she found the courage to speak her
dialog: mind. Not just as a black woman,
dialog: but as a proud American. She lived
dialog: a wonderful life, and I am so proud
dialog: to know her. My family’s only
dialog: regret...
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: EXT. GAINS HOUSE - BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Louis is in the basement of his father’s house. He looks at
text: all pictures on the walls of Cecil with all of the
dialog: presidents, but instead of the actors that played the
dialog: Presidents, it’s Cecil with the actual Presidents.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.O.
dialog: ..-is that she never got to vote
dialog: for a black man, an African-
dialog: American, for President of the
dialog: United States.
text: Louis looks at a black and white photo of Cecil with Ike. A
text: picture of Cecil serving LBJ. A bronze bust of Robert Kennedy
text: sits next to JFK’s tie that Jackie gave him.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: But in my heart I’1l know that she
dialog: will see his victory...
text: A picture of Cecil, Booker and Carter smiling with Nixon is
text: next to a picture of Cecil and Nancy Reagan.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: .-.-she’ll be up in Heaven smiling
dialog: down with all of our ancestors...
text: He looks at the book case that is filled with dozens of book
text: on African-American history. He pulls a book off the shelf
text: and starts to thumb through the pictures.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: .+.-So proud of how far America has
dialog: come.
text: He stops at - a picture of the smiling Emmet Till. All these
text: years later, the image is still very painful for him.
speaker_heading: CECIL V.0O. (CONT'D)
dialog: Louis! Get up here!
text: Louis hurries up the steps.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The living room is packed with people - Cecil, Louis, Sarah,
text: Booker, Carter, Howard, Gina and her new husband. Lots of
text: kids and grandchildren. All eyes are glued on the TV:
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CNN ANCHOR
dialog: We can officially announce that
dialog: Barack Obama will be the 44th
dialog: President of the United State.
text: The room screams in joy, hugs and tears.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - ARCHIVAL NEWS FOOTAGE:
text: The real footage of President Barack Obama, his wife
text: Michelle, and their daughters, Sasha and Malia, standing on
text: stage in Grant Park waving to the crowd of thousands.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Everyone in the Gains house watches the TV in awe as
text: President Barack Obama and his family wave to the crowd.
text: There are no tears, no cheers, no noise, just silence,
text: stunned silence as they stare at the new First Family. Louis
text: and Cecil both turn to each other, they can’t believe it.
text: FROM THE TV - BARACK OBAMA BEGINS HIS SPEECH:
speaker_heading: BARACK OBAMA
dialog: “If there is anyone out there who
dialog: still doubts that America is a
dialog: place where all things are
dialog: possible; who still wonders if the
dialog: dream of our founders is alive in
dialog: our time; who still questions the
dialog: power of our democracy, tonight is
dialog: your answer.”
text: Cecil puts his arm around Louis, holds his son.
scene_heading: INT. GAINS HOUSE - DAY
text: 90 year old Cecil wears the suit that he has been preparing
text: the whole film as he ties a tie on Louis.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: So let me ask you a question,
dialog: Congressman.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes, sir?
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Why did you have to make your dad
dialog: worry about you so much all those
dialog: years?
dialog: Louis thinks about it, then:
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: So one day he could meet the man
dialog: we're about to meet.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT
text: Cecil and Louis sit in the Entrance Hall of the White House.
text: Cecil looks around - the paintings, the sculptures, the
dialog: clocks - it truly is American splendor.
text: Through a door, he sees the HEAD BUTLER, black, teaching a
text: new young butler. All of the china, flatware and stem ware
dialog: are lined up exactly how they were when Freddie taught Cecil.
text: Cecil can’t help but notice that both butlers are black. A
text: maid walks by, she is Mexican. Two housemen carry an antique
text: wooden bench down the hall. They are both black.
text: Cecil’s eyes drop ever so slightly. Then, the new Chief
text: Usher, ADMIRAL STEPHEN ROCHON, black, walks up to them.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ROCHON
dialog: Mr. Gains, Congressman Gains, I’m
dialog: Admiral Rochon, the Chief Usher.
text: Cecil looks surprised that he’s African-American.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It’s nice to meet you, Admiral. Did
dialog: you sign on with President Obama?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ROCHON
dialog: No, I started with President Bush.
dialog: The last one.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (Smiles)
dialog: Well that’s just fine.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ROCHON
dialog: I just wanted to tell you what an
dialog: honor it is to meet you both.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The honor is ours, Admiral.
dialog: 129.
text: Admiral Rochon gestures toward the State Dining Room.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL ROCHON
dialog: President Obama is ready for you.
text: They look at each other as they get up and walk down the hall
text: toward the State Dining Room passing all the Presidential
text: portraits - LBJ, NIXON, IKE, CARTER, REAGAN AND JFK.
text: The Secret Service opens the door as they see the back of
text: PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA. He is looking up at the great
text: painting of Abraham Lincoln that hangs above the mantel.
text: A smile forms on Cecil’s face as the butler and his son walk
text: toward the first black President of the United States.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
