dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEGALLY BLONDE
dialog: Karen McCullah Lutz &amp; Kirsten Smith
dialog: Shooting Draft
dialog: July 31, 2000
scene_heading: INT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - DAY 1
text: "HEAD OVER HEELS" by the Go-Go's plays as we wind through a
text: flock of abstract, silky, golden strands -- PULLING BACK, to
text: discover that the strands are hair on a BLONDE GIRL's head.
dialog: But not just any blonde girl, a girl in Delta Gamma, the
text: blondest, most beautiful sorority at USC.
text: We PULL BACK further to see that she's signing a handmade
text: card. She holds it up ~ OVER HER SHOULDER, we see hearts
text: and glitter surrounding and "Good Luck Tonight!" and "Elle
dialog: and Warner forever!."
text: She carries the card out of her room and we FOLLOW HER across
dialog: the hall, into the room of --
text: THREE BLONDE CHEERLEADERS, who stop practicing their pom-pom
text: routine to sign the card. As they finish, we follow the Card
text: Girl out and into the room of --
text: A BLONDE GIRL IN A TANK TOP and shorts, working out on a
text: Stairmaster as "General Hospital" plays on a tiny TV. She
text: signs the card while continuing to exercise. We move on, to
dialog: the room of--
text: A BLONDE GIRL MAKING OUT WITH HER BOYFRIEND who stops long
text: enough to sign the card, as her boyfriend nibbles on her
text: neck. She hands the card back and we head into the room of --
text: A BLONDE PARTY GIRL who pours a pink frozen margarita into a
text: glass from the blender, then passes it down to ANOTHER BLONDE
text: GIRL, assembly-line style. The card goes one way, being
text: signed, as the drinks go the other.
text: Once the card arrives back in the Card Girl's hands, we
text: follow her out of the room and down the hall until she
dialog: reaches the very last and biggest door --
text: She puts a kiss mark on the card, then kneels down and slides
text: the card under the door.
scene_heading: INT. ELLE'S DELTA GAMMA ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS 2
text: The CARD slides into the pink room, hitting the feet of
text: UNDERDOG, a tiny chihuahua ~ who picks it up in his mouth
text: and trots it over to a pair of perfectly pedicured feet in
text: strappy sandals.
text: An equally perfectly manicured hand with a "Sisters Forever"
text: charm bracelet dangling from the wrist, scoops up Underdog.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
dialog: 2 2
text: As he rises, we RISE WITH HIM, passing toned, waxed, tanned
text: legs in pink Prada pedal pushers and a pair of perky boobs
text: encased in a spaghetti-strap top -- until we finally reveal a
text: magnificent head of long blonde hair and a sweet, beautiful
text: face. This is ELLE WOODS, 21, the Goddess Queen of Delta
text: Gamma. She talks on a pink, fuzzy phone.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: I love you, too!
text: Behind her, a "Go USC" banner is pinned to the pink wall. A
text: stack of "Cosmopolitan"s and "Glamour"s teeters on the
text: dresser. The closet overflows with trendy, designer clothes
text: in a predominance of pink.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; into phone)
dialog: I'll see you tonight.
text: She hangs up and lets out a squeal of joy, kissing Underdog's
text: head and taking the card out of his mouth. She reads it,
dialog: touched.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: "Elle and Warner forever". Aww...
text: Underdog yips.
dialog: 2
scene_heading: 3 INT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY - SAME TIME
text: A Delta Gamma/Sigma Chi barbecue in full swing. Beautiful
text: college students drink beer and mingle, trying to figure out
dialog: who they're going to sleep with next.
text: The main wall of the living room has been designated as a
text: "Model Wall" of Delta Gamma girls -- ELLE smiles at us from a
text: Hawaiian Tropic ad and a Miss June USC calendar photo. A
text: cover of an Italian Vogue shows a blonde sexpot MARGOT; a USC
text: cheerleader poster displays a hard-bodied non-blonde SERENA
text: in a pom-pom pose.
text: Serena walks up, fending off an admirer.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Jeremy, enough! I am not going to formal
dialog: with you.
text: Jeremy slinks off as Margot arrives, agitated.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Can someone please tell Rick that he is
dialog: not the only Sigma Chi with a big penis?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: ELLE (O.S.)
dialog: You guys are so sweet!
text: ELLE, a vision of fluffy blondeness, runs down the stairs
text: toward Serena and Margot, holding the card.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: But I ' m not positive it's gonna happen
dialog: to n i g h t --
speaker_heading: . SERENA
dialog: Helloo...he just had lunch with his
dialog: grandmother. You know he got "The Rock".
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Why else would she have flown in from
dialog: Newport? It's not like she'd Fed Ex a
dialog: six carat diamond.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: I can't believe you're getting engaged!
dialog: · . .
text: The three girls jump up and down, squealing and hugging.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: C'mon ·-- you have to help me pick out the
dialog: perfect outfit.
text: As they head toward the door, Elle spots AMY, a shy girl in a
text: Delta Gamma Pledge sweatshirt, standing alone.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Amy, what's wrong?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't really -- know anyone.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: That's because you spend too much time in
dialog: the library. Come with me.
dialog: (to Serena and Margot)
dialog: I'll meet you outside.
text: As they go, Elle leads Amy over to a group of jovial Sigma
dialog: Chi brothers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
dialog: ( 2 ) 3
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Bra ndon , Jason, Grant --this is Amy.
dialog: Why don't you tell her about the time you
dialog: guys went golfing naked?
text: Elle winks at Amy and.heads off as the guys launch into their
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
text: It was classic. Jason hit with wood all
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: And we never ran out of balls --
text: Amy laughs.
scene_heading: INT. SUNSET PLAZA BOUTIQUE - DAY
text: Serena and Margot watch as Elle stands in front of a mirror,
text: trying on a Herve Leger white mini-dress. Sexy and ultra-
dialog: tight. ;
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Too demure?
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: I think you should go with red. It's the
dialog: color of confidence.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Well, I don't want to look like I know
dialog: what's coming. . .
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: I don't understand why you're completely
dialog: disregarding your signature color.
text: She holds up a tiny pink slipdress.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: He's proposing! I can't look like I
dialog: would on any date. This is the date. The
dialog: night I'll always remember. I want to
dialog: look special. Bridal . . . but not like I
dialog: suspect anything.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE STORE
text: A SALESWOMAN looks at her cohort.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: (sot.to)
dialog: There ' s nothing I love more than a dumb
dialog: blonde with daddy's plastic.
text: She grabs a dress off the Clearance Sale rack, ripping off
text: the "HALF PRICE" TAG.
text: ON ELLE AND THE GIRLS
speaker_heading: . SERENA
dialog: I can't wait to see you wearing The Rock!
text: Elle looks at them, suddenly concerned.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Wh at if -- you know -- it's not the
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Why else would he be taking you to The
dialog: Ivy? You've been dating for a year --
dialog: it's not like he's trying to impress you.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Elle, you've heard the man pass gas in
dialog: his sleep. That practically means you're
dialog: pre-engaged. '"
text: The Saleswoman approaches with the dress, kiss-assy smile on
text: her face.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Did you see this one? We just got it in
dialog: yesterday.
text: Elle fingers the dress, then the new price tag, looking back
text: at the saleswoman, excited.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Is this a low-viscosity rayon?
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Uh, yes -- of course.
speaker_heading: ELLE
text: With half-loop top-stitching on the hem?
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: (smiling a lie)
dialog: Absolutely. It's one of a kind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: CO NT I NU E D: ( 2 ) . · 4
text: ^ Elle hands the dress back to her, no longer pretending to be
dialog: excited.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: It's impossible to use a half-loop
text: topstitch on low-viscosity rayon. It
dialog: would snag the fabric. And you didn't
dialog: just get this in, because I remember it
dialog: from the June Vogue a year ago, so if
dialog: you're trying to sell it to me at full
dialog: price, you picked the wrong girl.
text: The saleswoman slinks off, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: (to the saleswoman)
dialog: Nice try...
text: Elle shakes her head and turns back to the girls as she slips
text: on her Manolo Blahnik sandals, doing one last mirror check,
text: smoothing down her golden mane.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (dramatically)
dialog: Girls, this is it. In a few hours, I'll
dialog: be the future Mrs. Warner Huntington III.
scene_heading: 5 EXT, DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - NIGHT
text: An attractive male finger presses the doorbell.
scene_heading: 6 INT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - FOYER - NIGHT - SAME TIME
text: Amy peeks through the peephole and turns.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: He's here!
text: Elle, standing nearby with Margot and Serena and several
text: other DG's, smooths down her dress and takes a deep breath,
dialog: o pening the door to find --
text: WARNER HUNTINGTON, III, 21, tall, chiseled and outrageously
text: handsome. He takes her in, a smile spreading across his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: You're beautiful.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: So are you!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: .7.
dialog: 6
text: She looks up at him, blushing and completely smitten. They
text: kiss. After a moment,-Warner extracts himself.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: You ready?
text: Her face is awash with devotion.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I am so ready.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. THE IVY - NIGHT
text: Warner and Elle are seated at a cozy table on the patio.
text: Elle takes a sip from her freshly poured champagne flute.
text: Nervous and excited.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Here' s to ~ us.
text: Warner is slower to sip his.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: The reason I wanted to come here tonight
dialog: was to discuss our future.
text: Elle is on the edge of her seat.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I ' m fully amenable to that discussion.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: I mean, we're having a lot of fun now --
dialog: but things are gonna be different when
dialog: I ' m at Harvard Law school is a completely
dialog: different world. I need to be serious.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: My family expects a lot from me. And I
dialog: expect a lot from me. I .plan on running
dialog: for office some day.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: And I fully support that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
dialog: 7 7
speaker_heading: WA R N ER
dialog: But the thing is, if I ' m gonna be a
dialog: senator by the time I ' m thirty -- I can't
dialog: keep dicking around.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I completely agree.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: T hat 's why I think it's time for us to--
text: Elle takes a deep breath, filled with anticipation.
speaker_heading: WARNER (CONT'D)
dialog: ( ot n ig . . · &gt; . ' .
dialog: c n iu n )
dialog: I think we should break up.
text: Elle's champagne glass drops from her hand and CRASHES onto
dialog: the patio.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What?
text: Elle starts to flush, completely caught off guard.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: I ' m sorry, Elle, I just --
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You're breaking up with me?!
dialog: (tearing up)
dialog: I thought you were proposing.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: Proposing?! Elle, If I ' m going to be a
dialog: politician, I need to marry a Jackie, not
dialog: a -- Marilyn.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: You're breaking up with me because I ' m
dialog: too -- blonde?
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: T hat' s not entirely --
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Then what? My boobs are too big?
speaker_heading: WARNER.
dialog: Elle -- no --· your boobs are fine --
text: Her tears start.
speaker_heading: (CON TINUED )
dialog: .9.
dialog: i
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: CONTINU ED:
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: So when you said you'd always love me,
dialog: you were just "dicking around"?
text: Warner looks around the restaurant nervously.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: I do love you, Elle. I just can't marry you.
dialog: You have no idea the pressure I ' m under. My
dialog: family has five generations of senators. My
dialog: brother is in the top three at Yale Law. He ·
dialog: just got engaged to a Vanderbilt, for crissakes.
text: Elle stares at him aghast, tears streaming down her face,
text: then pushes her chair away from the table and walks out.
speaker_heading: WARNER (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's not like I have a choice, sweetheart
text: He follows her out.
scene_heading: 8 EXT.' STREET - NIGHT 8
text: Elle teeters down the sidewalk as best she can in her three
text: inch heels, sobbing. Warner pulls up alongside her in his
dialog: convertible Saab.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: C'mon. Let me take you home.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: WARNER
text: Elle -- it's twenty miles back to campus.
text: Elle stops, thinks a minute, then gets in, still crying.
text: Catching her poofy little purse in the door. She re-opens
text: i t, yanking the purse back in. Warner pulls out.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - USC - NIGHT 9
text: Warner pulls up in front. It's a starry, romantic night.
dialog: Everything should be perfect. It's not.
text: Elle sits, still in shock, as tears continue to eke out.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: Elle, believe me, I never expected to be
dialog: doing this, but I think it's the right
dialog: thing to do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: How can it be the right thing if we're
dialog: not together?
speaker_heading: WARNER .
dialog: I have to think about my future. And what
dialog: people expect from me.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: So you're breaking up with me because
dialog: you're afraid your family won't like me?
dialog: (through her tears)
dialog: Everybody likes me!
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: East coast people are different.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Just because I ' m not a Vanderbilt, all of
dialog: a sudden I ' m white trash? I grew up in
text: Bel Air, Warner! Across the street from
dialog: Aaron Spelling! I think most people
dialog: would agree that's way better than a
dialog: Vanderb ilt --
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: I told you, Elle. I need someone --
dialog: serious.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I ' m seriously in love with you -- Isn't
text: that enough? He looks away.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: I ' m sorry.
text: She gets out of the car and drags herself up the stairs to
text: her sorority house. When she's at the top, she turns back to
text: look at him. His perfect cheekbones highlighted by the
text: streetlamp.
text: He meets her eyes, pained, but determined. Then pulls away,
text: leaving her there.
scene_heading: 10 INT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - USC - NIGHT 10
text: Elle walks down the pink and green carpeted hall, dazed and
text: tear-stained.
text: Margot and Serena emerge from the bathroom, post-shower.
text: Getting ready for a night out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: . :-
speaker_heading: 1L
dialog: 10 10
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Why are you back so soon?
text: Serena sees Elle's bare hand.
speaker_heading: SERENA .
dialog: Did he forget the ring?
text: Elle silently walks into her room. Serena and Margot follow,
dialog: worried.
scene_heading: 11 INT. ELLE'S DELTA GAMMA ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 11
text: Elle slumps down in an inflatable chair, hugging her knees
text: and cowering in a wretched little ball. Underdog stares at
text: her, concerned.
text: Serena and Margot stand in the door.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Elle?
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Where's the Rock?
speaker_heading: ELLE ·.
dialog: .·.
dialog: We're not engaged. It's over!
speaker_heading: SERENA AND MARGOT
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: .
dialog: He broke up with me!
text: Serena and Margot gasp in horror, rushing to her side.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Is it a Kappa?
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: It's not a Theta --
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: No -- it's just -- not me.
dialog: I ' m canceling the mixer. We'll blacklist
dialog: Sigma Chi.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Thank you, Serena, but I don't think
dialog: it'll do any good.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
dialog: 11 11
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: What happened?
text: Elle starts to lose it again.
speaker_heading: ; ELLE
dialog: I don't know! Everything was normal at
dialog: first and then he said he needed someone
dialog: mo r e --
dialog: (sob-choked)
dialog: Serious! .
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: S e r i o u s ? ! Who the hell does he think he
dialog: i s ? Y o u ' r e the most popu l a r month on the
dialog: U S C calendar!
text: S h e points to Elle's "Miss June" page, hanging on the wall.
speaker_heading: SER EN A
dialog: O h , he is so over on this campus.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I just don ' t underst a n d what went wrong --
speaker_heading: MA RG OT
dialog: Maybe it's the grandmother. Have you
dialog: e v e r me t he r ?
text: E l l e wipes her face.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Last month on his birthday. And she
dialog: liked me! She said I looked like Britney
dialog: Spears. Why would you say that to
dialog: someone you didn't like?
text: They shrug, mystified.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: How could this happen?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I don't know! I don't know anything any
dialog: more!
dialog: (wiping a tear)
dialog: I just need to be by myself.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Elle nods. The girls rise, hugging her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
dialog: 11 (2) 11
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: We still love you. Sisters forever!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (sniffling)
dialog: Thank you. I love you, too.
text: As they go, Margot looks at Serena.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Oh, God. What if Josh doesn't think I ' m
dialog: serious enough? .
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Helloo... you let him have anal sex with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: (TV VERSION)
dialog: Helloo... you let him videotape you
dialog: diddling yourself. ·
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: You're right. Phew!
text: As the girls go, they shut the door behind them.
text: Elle gets up and grabs a FRAMED PHOTO of Warner, then lies
text: down on her bed, clutching it to her heart. Underdog leaps
text: up and gives her little doggy kisses.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - DAY 12
text: The sun rises on a sad day. "HOPELESSLY DEVOTED" by Olivia ·
dialog: Newton-John plays. .
scene_heading: 13 INT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - HALLWAY - DAY 13
text: Amy knocks on Elle's door.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Elle?
text: ANOTHER SISTER passes.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER SISTER ·
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Didn't you hear?
text: She leads a reluctant Amy down the hall.
scene_heading: 14 INT. ELLE'S DELTA GAMMA ROOM - DAY 14
text: Spread out on the bed are PICTURES of Elle and Warner: The
dialog: Sigma Chi formal; their Homecoming Queen and King "wave";
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
dialog: 14 14
text: a 60's party; Mardi Gras night; beach weekend at Coronado.
text: Next to the pictures are thirty dried Ecuardorian long-
text: stemmed pink roses, remnants of their one year anniversary.
text: In the center sits Elle, wearing Warner's old oversized Sigma
text: Chi t-shirt, clutching a Gund teddybear. Depressed and
text: looking like hell, she speaks to an unseen confidante.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I just love him so much! I loved him the
dialog: first moment I saw him. He's beautiful
dialog: and smart and someone I totally respect.
dialog: And I did everything I could to make him
dialog: love me, but it wasn't enough. Now what
dialog: am I supposed to do? I planned my whole
dialog: future around him. My life was going to
dialog: be all about Warner. Now what's it going
dialog: to be about?
text: She looks up -- waiting. Staring back at her is Underdog --
text: who sadly has no answers for her.
scene_heading: 15 INT. ELLE'S DELTA GAMMA ROOM - DAY 15
text: Elle remains in bed, Underdog now clutched to her chest,
text: soaps on the TV.
speaker_heading: TV SOAP STUD
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: "Oh, darling. I'll love you forever."
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (teary)
dialog: Bullshit!
text: Serena and Margot enter, bearing Jamba Juice.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Honey, stop! You have to leave this room
dialog: -- it's been a week.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: So?
dialog: +
text: S erena sits down on the edge of the bed, trying to psyche
dialog: Elle up.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: What's the thing that always makes us
dialog: feel better, no matter what? .
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Cunnilingus?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
dialog: 15 15
text: Elle lets out a wail, realizing what she'll be missing.
text: Serena shoots Margot a stern look.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: No -- the thing after that,
scene_heading: 16 INT. UPSCALE MANICURE SHOP - DAY 16
text: A row of uniformed manicurists and their classy clients.
text: Chattering away. Therapy in full session. Serena sits in
text: front of her regular nail technician.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: It was awful. We all thought she'd be
text: the first to walk down the aisle and now
text: she's totally adrift.
text: The nail technician shakes her head in shared girl-power-
text: angst -- looking over at Elle, who sits in the waiting area,
text: shell-shocked, but showered.
dialog: Elle picks up the only magazine left on the table -- "Town &amp;
text: Country". She wrinkles her nose. An OLD LADY next to her
text: reads "Seventeen". Elle looks at her, begrudging the access
text: to teen beauty tips, and flips through "Town &amp; Country"
text: n oisily until she freezes on-- the Engagement Section. She
dialog: gasps.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Oh, my God! .
text: She looks at a PHOTO of a horse-faced YOUNG WOMAN standing
text: next to a THREE-YEARS-OLDER VERSION OF WARNER. She turns to
text: the old lady next to her.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do you know who this is?
text: The old lady looks.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: It's Warner's older brother!
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Who?
text: Elle continues, undaunted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
dialog: 16 16
speaker_heading: EL LE
dialog: He just got engaged to this -- this very
text: unfortunate-looking girl.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Third year Yale Law student Putnam Bowes
dialog: Huntington III and his fiance Layne
dialog: Walker Vanderbilt, first year Yale Law."
text: She turns to the old lady.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This is the type-of girl Warner wants to
dialog: marry. This is what I need to become to
dialog: be serious.
text: The old lady looks at the picture.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Butt ugly?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: No -- a law student.
text: Elle rushes out. Serena looks after her.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Elle?
text: (turning back to her nail
dialog: technician)
dialog: She'll never get him back with those
dialog: cuticles.
scene_heading: 17 INT. COUNSELOR'S OFFICE - DAY 17
text: Elle sits in front of her ADVISOR.
speaker_heading: ADVISOR
dialog: (flummoxed)
dialog: Harvard Law School?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: ADVISOR
dialog: But it's a top three school --
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (offended)
dialog: I have a 4.0.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
dialog: 17 17
speaker_heading: ADVISOR
dialog: Yes, but your major is Fashion
dialog: Merchandising. Harvard won't be
dialog: impressed that you aced "History of
dialog: Lycra". What are your backups?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I don't need backups. Harvard is the
dialog: school I' m going to.
text: He decides to humor her.
speaker_heading: ADVISOR
dialog: Well, then. You'll need excellent
dialog: recommendations from your professors, a
dialog: heck of an admissions essay and at least
dialog: a one-seventy-five on your LSATs.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (confident)
dialog: I once had to judge a Theta Chi Tighty-
dialog: Whitey contest. Trust me-- I can handle
dialog: anything.
scene_heading: 18 INT. ELLE'S DELTA GAMMA ROOM - DAY 18
text: Elle sits on the floor surrounded by piles of LSAT prep
text: books, the framed photo of Warner, and Underdog.
text: There's a KNOCK at the door as Serena and Margot peek inside,
text: gasping in horror at the sight of books.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: What are you doing?!
text: Elle smiles brightly at them.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Reading about the LSATs.
text: Margot looks at Serena, confused.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: (in a horrified whisper)
dialog: My cousin had them. Apparently you get a
dialog: really bad rash on your --
text: Elle interrupts her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: The LSATs are an exam.
text: She takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
dialog: 18 18
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Girls-- I ' m going to Harvard!
speaker_heading: · SERENA
dialog: What, like on va-kay?
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Let's all go! Road trip!
speaker_heading: . SERENA
dialog: Wait -- Cecil has a condo in Tahoe.
dialog: Let's go there!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: No -- I ' m going to law school at Harvard.
text: They look at her, confused.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Why?!
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: I mean, I know you're upset and all, but
dialog: can't you just take a sedative?
text: Elle rolls her eyes at their naivete.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Once Warner sees me as a serious law
dialog: student, he'll want me back. It's a
dialog: completely brilliant plan!
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: But isn't it kind of hard to get into law
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I have the highest GPA in Delta Gamma!
text: Margot pulls something off her wrist and hands it to Elle.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Here. You're gonna need this.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Your scrunchie?
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: My lucky scrunchie. It helped me pass
dialog: Spanish.
text: Serena rolls her eyes and looks at Margot disapprovingly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
dialog: 18 (2) 18
speaker_heading: S ER EN A
dialog: You passed Spanish because you gave
dialog: Professor Montoya a hand-job after the
dialog: final.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: (duh)
dialog: Yeah, luckily.
text: A MONTAGE OF THE NEXT 3 MONTHS BEGINS WITH...
scene_heading: 19 EXT. WOODS' BEL AIR BACKYARD - DAY 19
text: ON VIDEO, Elle sits in a Jacuzzi in her bikini.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: My name is Elle Woods and for my
dialog: admissions essay, I ' d like to tell all of
dialog: you at Harvard why I ' m going to make an
dialog: amazing lawyer.
scene_heading: 20 INT. KAPPA SIG LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 20
text: The girls watch a horror movie with Kappa Sigs. Eating
text: popcorn and drinking red wine.
text: Off to the side, Elle reads an LSAT Study Guide.
scene_heading: 21 INT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 21
text: ON VIDEO, a Delta Gamma chapter meeting takes place.
speaker_heading: ELLE (V.O.)
dialog: As president of my sorority, I ' m skilled
text: at commanding the attention of a room and
dialog: discussing important issues.
text: Elle bangs a gavel, as she sits in front of her sisters.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: ~ It has come to my attention that the
dialog: maintenance staff is switching our toilet
dialog: paper from Charmin to generic. All those
text: opposed to chafing, pleas.e say "aye".
text: The sisters "AYE" in unison. Underdog barks his approval.
scene_heading: 22 INT. CLASSROOM - NIGHT 22
text: "LSAT Prep Course" is written on the board. Elle and forty
text: other law school hopefuls take notes furiously as practice
dialog: questions are reviewed.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. WOODS BACKYARD POOL - DAY 23
text: ON VIDEO, FROM ABOVE, we see Elle as she floats on a raft in
text: her pool, in a pink Versace bikini. She addresses the
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: I ' m able to recall hundreds of important
text: details at the drop of a hat.
text: We reveal Margot on a raft beside her.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: (badly acting)
dialog: Elle, do you know what happened on "Days
dialog: of Our Lives" yesterday?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Why, yes, Margot, I do. Once again, we
dialog: joined Hope in the search for her
dialog: identity. As you know, she's been .
dialog: brainwashed by the evil Stefano --
scene_heading: 24 INT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 24
text: Elle takes a practice LSAT exam as Serena, Margot and a few
text: other Delta Gammas do their butt-crunches in the Delta Gamma
dialog: living room.
text: Serena, while clenching her tush, hits a stop watch and Elle
text: starts writing furiously.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Margot is now on all-fours, doing donkey kicks as she grades
text: Elle's practice exam. She writes "143" on top and holds it
dialog: up to Elle.
text: Elle slumps with frustration.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. BEACH - DAY · 25
text: ON VIDEO, Elle is rollerblading in shorts and a tank top.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: And the laws and bi-laws of civil
dialog: obedience are crucial to my life --
text: Serena skates by and fake-elbows Elle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
dialog: 25 25
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; calling after her)
dialog: No shoving on the skate path! City
dialog: ordinance 22G!
scene_heading: 26 INT. LIBRARY STUDY ROOM - NIGHT 26
text: Elle sits in front of Amy, as Amy quizzes her with practice
text: LSAT questions. Books are piled high around them.
text: Elle gazes out the.window to see ---Warner and some BARE-
text: CHESTED FRATERNITY BOYS carrying a keg across the quad. Her
text: eyes light up and she looks at Amy pleadingly. Amy shakes her
text: head no. Elle slumps, then rises and goes to the window,
text: closing the shades and getting back to work.
scene_heading: ·27 EXT. USC CAMPUS - DAY 27
text: ON VIDEO, Elle addresses the camera.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I feel confident using legal jargon in
dialog: daily life.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ON VIDEO, Elle walks across campus with Underdog in her
text: purse, feigning staged innocence. A RANDOM FRAT BOY pinches
text: her butt. She slaps his hand, dramatically.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I object!
scene_heading: 28 INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY 28
text: "LSAT EXAM -- Sections 1-6" is scrawled on the chalk board.
text: Elle sits in an auditorium with about 90 other students, LSAT
text: booklet open, filling in answers. Concentrating so hard
text: she's practically getting a forehead wrinkle.
scene_heading: 29 INT. ELLE'S DELTA GAMMA ROOM - DAY 29
text: ON VIDEO, Elle speaks to the camera.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: I've seen every episode of "The Practice"
dialog: and I ' m even on speaking terms with Dylan
text: McDermott.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. DYLAN MCDERMOTT'S HOUSE - DAY 30
text: Dylan McDermott gets into his car and pulls out of his
dialog: driveway.
text: VIDEOTAPING MADLY, the girls follow in Elle's Boxster.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: There he is!
speaker_heading: . MARGOT
dialog: Pull up next to him!
text: Elle swerves around to pull up next to Dylan McDermott. They
text: scream at him as Serena videotapes.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Dylan! We love you!
text: Dylan McDermott burns rubber as he flees.
scene_heading: EXT. USC CAMPUS - DAY 31 "
dialog: 31
text: ON.VIDEO, Elle jogs while she addresses the camera.
speaker_heading: ELLE :
dialog: (to camera) . .
dialog: I'm totally focused and goal-oriented.
dialog: Plus I ' m able to sway people with my very
dialog: convincing arguments. .
text: She turns to Serena, jogging next to her.
speaker_heading: ELL E (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
text: Calvin Klein's spring line is atrocious.
dialog: Don't you agree?
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: (convinced)
dialog: Absolutely!
scene_heading: 32 INT. DELTA GAMMA HOUSE - FOYER - DAY 32
text: Amy rushes in with a stack of mail, waving an LSAT envelope
text: as she calls out.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It's here!
text: Elle rushes down the stairs as the other Delta Gammas gather
text: around. Elle takes the envelope and says a quick prayer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
dialog: 32 32
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: One seventy-five...one seventy- five...
text: She opens it and stares at it for a long moment. Then turns
text: it to the crowd and raises it above her head in triumph. The
text: girls immediately begin jumping up and down as group joy
text: ensues. Underdog yips with pride. The MONTAGE ENDS.
scene_heading: 33 INT. HARVARD LAW ADMISSIONS OFFICE - DAY 33
text: ON THE TV, Elle stands up in the Jacuzzi.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: And that's why you should vote for me.
dialog: Elle Woods. Future lawyer. For the Class
dialog: of 2003.
text: The video is PAUSED, as three ADMISSIONS GUYS in their 4.0's
text: sit at a table piled high with applications, the DEAN OF
text: ADMISSIONS at the head of it. STUNNED SILENCE fills the room.
text: Finally one of them speaks.
speaker_heading: ADMISSIONS GUY #1
dialog: That was certainly a very --
dialog: (adjusting himself)
dialog: Imaginative essay.
speaker_heading: ADMISSIONS GUY #2
dialog: (to the Dean)
dialog: She does have a 4.0 from USC and she got
text: a one-seventy-nine on her LSATs.
speaker_heading: DEAN OF ADMISSIONS
dialog: A fashion major?
speaker_heading: ADMISSIONS GUY #3
dialog: Well, we've never had one before...
dialog: aren't we always looking for diversity?
speaker_heading: AMISSIONS GUY #1
dialog: Her list of extracurriculars is
dialog: impressive.
text: The Dean looks at her application.
speaker_heading: DEAN OF ADMISSIONS
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: She was in a Ricky Martin video --
speaker_heading: ADMISSIONS GUY #2
text: Clearly, she's interested in music...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
dialog: 33 33
speaker_heading: DEAN OF ADMISSIONS
dialog: (reading on; skeptical)
dialog: She also designed a line of faux fur
dialog: panties for her sorority's charity
dialog: project --
speaker_heading: ADMISSIONS GUY #3
dialog: Then she's a friend to animals as well as
dialog: a philanthropist.
scene_heading: . AMISSIONS GUY #1
dialog: I think it's obvious that she's a very
dialog: well-rounded individual.
text: He points to Elle -- freeze-framed in her bikini-top on
text: video, on the TV. The admissions guys look to the Dean. He
dialog: folds.
speaker_heading: DEAN OF ADMISSIONS
dialog: Elle Woods -- Welcome to Harvard.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. WOODS' BACKYARD - DAY . 34
text: Elle's parents -- DANIEL, in tennis clothes, and the face-
text: lifted SAPPHIRE -- stare at Elle over juice by the pool.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Law school?
text: Sapphire puts a hand to her throat in distress. Elle is
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: It's a perfectly respectable place...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Sweetheart, you don't need law school.
dialog: Law school is for people who are boring
dialog: and ugly and Serious. And you, button/
dialog: are none of those things.
text: Sapphire is in agreement.
speaker_heading: SAPPHIRE
dialog: You were first runner-up in the Miss
dialog: Hawaiian Tropic contest. Why throw all
dialog: that away?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Because this is what I want. I've worked
dialog: hard for it. Don't you understand that
dialog: this is important to me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
dialog: 34 34
text: She looks at her uncomprehending parents.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Going to Harvard is the only way I can
dialog: get the love of my life back!
text: Sapphire looks at her, still not getting it. ·
speaker_heading: SAPPHIRE
dialog: Can't you just suck his wiener?
speaker_heading: (TV VERSION)
dialog: Can't you just get your nose done?
text: Elle reacts to her mother's skewed logic.
dialog: ·
scene_heading: 35 EXT. HARVARD DORM - DAY 35
text: Pale, studious LAW STUDENTS clad in earth tones, move into
text: their dorm, carrying in their spartan belongings (coffee
dialog: makers, books, computers).
text: In the distance, a HAPPY POP SONG (perhaps "Heaven Tonight by
text: Hole) is heard. As it gets louder, heads turn to see --
text: A silver, convertible Boxster driving up, Elle at the wheel,/
text: MUSIC BLASTING. A large MOVING VAN follows the Boxster.
text: Peop le lean out of their windows, buzzing with interest as--
text: Elle's car stops in front of the dorm. She hops out,
text: scooping up Underdog and looking every inch the LA-Fred-Segal-
text: glamour-queen, as she looks around with a smile.
text: Elle looks at Underdog.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: We're here!
text: She bends down to pour some Evian into his inflatable doggy
text: dish, inadvertently revealing cleavage to a passing
text: BESPECTACLED BOY (several yards away).
text: He trips, dropping his I-MAC. It shatters into a million
dialog: pieces.
text: Not noticing/ Elle stands and turns to two MOVING GUYS/ who
text: are hauling a pink, faux-fur love seat and a potted palm tree
text: out of the truck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
dialog: 35 35
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This way, guys!
text: With a beauty queen smile in place, she strides into the dorm
text: as the other students watch in amazement.
text: HANGING OUT OF THE WINDOW
text: ARROGANT AARON, a Mensa geek with attitude, turns to his
dialog: roommate.
speaker_heading: ARROGANT AARON
dialog: Whose knob did she honk to get in here?
scene_heading: 36 EXT. LAW SCHOOL QUAD - DAY 36
text: " W e l c o m e Law Students Class of 2003" banners hang over
dialog: o r i e n t a t i o n tables manned by second year law students (2L's)
text: w e a r i n g red t-shirts. Club tables with banners that read
dialog: " H a r v a r d Law Journal" and "Environmental Law Association" are
dialog: s e t up nearby.
text: E l l e takes a packet from a fuzzy MALE 2L.
speaker_heading: F U Z Z Y 2L
dialog: Class schedule, map, book list.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: H a s Warner Huntington checked in yet?
speaker_heading: F U Z Z Y 2L
dialog: ( ch ec ki ng)
dialog: U h , no. Maybe you should try the Lido
dialog: dec k.
text: S h e frowns and starts to move on, but then looks through the
text: p a c k e t with a frown and turns back.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: W a i t -- my social events schedule is .
dialog: mis sin g.
speaker_heading: F U Z Z Y 2L
dialog: Y o u r what?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You know -- mixers, formals, beach
dialog: · trips.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
dialog: 36 . 36
speaker_heading: FUZZY 2L
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: There's a pizza welcome lunch in twenty
dialog: minutes. Does that count?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (wrinkling her nose)
dialog: I guess it'll have t o . . .
text: The Fuzzy Guy looks at the red-shirted BALD 2L next to him,
text: as Elle walks off. ,
speaker_heading: FUZZY 2L
dialog: What the hell.was that?
speaker_heading: BALD 2L
dialog: (watching her go)
text: Malibu Barbie lives.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. HARVARD LAW SCHOOL - OUTDOOR GARDEN - DAY 37
text: Elle sits at the outdoor table, ignoring her slice of pizza,
text: as she looks around for Warner. Not finding him, she turns
text: her attention to the Group Leader, a BURNED OUT 2L in a red t-
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: BURNED OUT 2L
dialog: Okay. Welcome to law school. This is the
dialog: part where we go around in a circle and
dialog: everyone says a little bit about
dialog: themselves. Let's start with you.
text: He gestures at a guy with glasses, DORKY DAVID.
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: I have a Masters in Russian Literature, a
dialog: Ph.D in Biochemistry, and for the last
dialog: eighteen months, I've been de- worming
dialog: orphans in Somalia.
speaker_heading: BURNED OUT 2L
dialog: Awesome. How about you, Enid?
text: ENID, a militant feminista, looks up.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: P h.D from Berkeley in Women's Studies--
dialog: emphasis in the History of Combat. And
dialog: last year, I led the march for Lesbians
dialog: Against Drunk Driving.
speaker_heading: BURNED OUT 2L
dialog: Killer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
dialog: 37 37
text: He looks at an intense guy in his late twenties, IVAN.
speaker_heading: INTENSE IVAN
dialog: I've got an MBA from Wharton, worked on
text: Wall Street for four years, mushed in
dialog: three ididarods and I ' ve figured out how
dialog: to crash the stock market in Sri Lanka if
dialog: any of you want to get together later.
speaker_heading: BURNED OUT 2L
dialog: Sweet. What about you?
text: He looks at Elle. She sits up straight.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I ' m a Gemini. I have a Bachelors degree
dialog: from USC, where I was Sigma Chi
dialog: Sweetheart and president of Delta Gamma,
dialog: and last year '· -- I was Homecoming Queen .
text: She smiles, as the group leader nods, waiting.
speaker_heading: ELL E (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Oh!
dialog: (dramatically)
dialog: Two weeks ago, I saw Cameron Diaz at Fred
dialog: Segal -- and talked her out of buying a
dialog: truly heinous angora sweater! Whoever
dialog: said that orange is the new pink is
text: seriously disturbed.
text: She looks around, pleased. Enid' snickers as the rest of the
text: group stares at Elle, dumbfounded.
scene_heading: 38 INT. ELLE'S DORM ROOM - DAY 38
text: A grey, dingy, cell-block style room -- now crammed with
text: Elle's clothes, the pink fluffy love seat and potted palm,
text: along with an Elliptical Cross-Trainer, pink flamingo party
text: lights and a neon pink margarita glass sculpture.
text: Elle tries to shove a large law textbook into her tiny Prada
text: backpack to no avail. She gives up and tosses the book onto
text: the bed where Underdog leaps away to miss being squished.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Wish me luck, Underdog. It's my first
dialog: class as a serious law student.
text: She kisses him and looks down at her completely inappropriate
text: skimpy Gucci outfit, which she accents by putting on trendy,
text: wire-rimmed glasses.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
dialog: 38 38
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; to herself)
dialog: I totally look the part!
scene_heading: 39 INT. LAW SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY 39
text: Elle heads for a classroom, amidst a crowd of students who
text: eye her like she's an alien. She rounds a corner, seeing --
text: WARNER, in all his handsome glory, looking over his schedule.
text: She starts toward him, as if pulled by a magnetic force.
text: Arrogant Aaron sees her passing by.
speaker_heading: ARROGANT AARON
dialog: (seductively)
dialog: H l o t e e. . . . . . .
dialog: el hr.
text: Elle keeps going, not even noticing him. Eyes only for
text: Warner. Arrogant Aaron stomps away, pissed at the perceived
text: blow-off.
text: As Elle gets closer to Warner, she opts for wandering past
text: him, seemingly oblivious to his presence.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Elle?!
text: Elle turns, ultra-nonchalant.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Warner?! Oh my God, I completely forgot
dialog: you were going here!
text: He looks at her, confused. People walk by, staring.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: What're you talking about? You're not
dialog: here to see me?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: No, silly. I go here.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (still confused)
dialog: You go where?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Harvard. Law school.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
dialog: 39 39
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: v- y
dialog: -- Y ou g o t in to Ha rv a rd L aw ?
speaker_heading: E LL E.
dialog: (con fuse d at his confusion)
dialog: W h at , like it's that.hard?
text: W a rn e r stares at her :-- completely discombobulated. She
text: s m i l es sweetly and makes a show of checking her watch.
speaker_heading: . ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Oops! Time for class. Meet me after?
dialog: On the benches?
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: Uh -- sure.
text: She sashays off with a confident smile.
scene_heading: 40 INT. CIVIL PROCEDURES CLASS - DAY 4.0.
text: Students file in and take their seats. Elle enters, looking
text: around nervously at the imposing auditorium. Arrogant Aaron,
text: next to her, leans over.
speaker_heading: ARROGANT AARON
dialog: If you're looking for the best seat, I
dialog: hear the front row is the place to be.
text: Elle smiles at him.
speaker_heading: ELLE ·
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: 41 INT. CIVIL PROCEDURES CLASS - DAY - LATER 41
text: PROFESSOR ELSPETH STROMWELL, a tough-as-nails Grande Dame in
text: her 50' s , addresses the class. Laptops abound -- except for
text: Elle, who has a fuzzy pink notebook and a pen with a pink
text: plastic heart on the end.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: A legal education means you will learn to
dialog: speak in a new language. You will be
dialog: taught to achieve insight into the world
dialog: around you, and to sharply question what
dialog: you know.
text: Everyone soaks this up. Including Elle.
speaker_heading: (C ONT IN UED )
dialog: 31.
dialog: 41 41
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The seat you've picked is yours for the
dialog: next nine months of your life. Enjoy it.
dialog: And those of you in the front row,
dialog: beware. . ..
text: El le , in the front row, between two UNSHOWERED BRANIACS, ·
text: looks around, panicked. One of the braniacs passes her the
text: seating chart and she has no choice but to sign her name.
text: In the back, Arrogant Aaron nudges his friend and smiles.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: "The law is reason free from passion."
dialog: Does anyone know who spoke those immortal
dialog: words?
text: Dorky David raises his hand.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: (confidently)
dialog: Aristotle.
text: Professor Stromwell approaches him the way Cruella de Ville
text: approaches a puppy.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: Are you sure?
dialog: Now he's not.
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: ~ Would you be willing to stake your life
dialog: on it?
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: I think so...
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: H o w about --
text: She spins around, roughly POKING another student in the head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
dialog: 41 (2) 41
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: -- his life?
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: (scared)
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: Well, I recommend knowing before
dialog: speaking.. The law leaves much room for
dialog: interpretation -- but very little for
dialog: self-doubt.
text: As she turns away --
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And you were right. It was Aristotle.
text: The class half-laughs in relief.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I assume you've all read pages 1- 48 and
dialog: are now well-versed in subject matter
dialog: jurisdiction.
text: Elle looks around, surprised, as students open their books.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Who can tell us about Gordon v. Steele?
text: Silence. Stromwell looks down at the seating chart.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Ivan Greenstein?
text: Intense Ivan straightens in his' seat.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: Gordon sued her doctors for malpractice.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: And what did the dispute entail?
dialog: (looking at her chart)
dialog: Let's call on someone in the hot zone.
text: Elle Woods? Elle looks up, distressed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
dialog: 41 (3) 41
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Uh... I wasn't aware that we had an
dialog: assignment.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: (looking at her chart)
dialog: Sarah Knottingham?
text: SARAH KNOTTINGHAM -- a prim and preppy blue-blood brunette,
text: dressed in pearls and a sweater set -- looks up.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do you think it's acceptable that Ms.
dialog: Woods is unprepared?
text: Sarah looks over at Elle. Elle gives her a mortified smile.
text: Sarah turns back to Professor Stromwell.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No, I don't.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: Would you support my decision to ask her
dialog: to leave and return to class only when
dialog: she is prepared?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Absolutely.
dialog: Elle can't believe that this girl would betray her. Having
text: no choice,, she gathers her purse and goes, completely
text: humiliated. Professor Stromwell returns to the matter at
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: Now, Ms. Knottingham, did diversity
dialog: jurisdiction'exist in this case?
scene_heading: 42 EXT. LAW SCHOOL QUAD - BENCHES - DAY - LATER 42
text: EMMETT -- a shy and quirkily handsome 28-year-old who could
text: pass for younger -- sits on a bench, going over some papers.
text: He looks up and spots Elle -- sitting across from him --
text: looking traumatized.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Elle looks up, snapping out of her stupor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
dialog: 42 . 42
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Do they just -- put you on the spot like
dialog: that? Like, all the time?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: The professors? Yeah, they tend- to do
dialog: that. Socratic method.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: And if you don't know the answer, they
dialog: just kick you out?
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You have Stromwell.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Did she do that to you, too?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: No, but she made me cry once. Not in
dialog: class -- I waited until I got to my room,
dialog: but yeah, she can pretty much shrivel
dialog: your balls -- or you know, your
dialog: whatevers .
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (stricken)
dialog: Neat . · ' , '
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Don't worry. It gets better. Who else
dialog: do you have?
text: Elle looks at her schedule.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Donovan, Royalton and Levinson.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Speak up in Donovan's class. He likes
text: people with an opinion. Sit in the back
text: for Royalton. He tends to spit when he
dialog: talks about products liability.
text: Elle makes a face. He smiles. Liking her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
dialog: 42 ( 2 ) 42
speaker_heading: EMMETT (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And make sure you read the footnotes in
dialog: Levinson's class. That's where all her
dialog: exam questions come from.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Wow. I ' m glad I met you.
text: She smiles at him, grateful.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Oh, and getting one of Stromwell's daily
dialog: quotes right is almost as important as
dialog: acing the mid-term. But you didn't hear
dialog: it from me.
text: Students trickle out of the building.
dialog: ELLE " .:.
dialog: Are you a third-year?
text: Warner walks up, behind Emmett, interrupting.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: Hey.
text: Elle looks up, pure adoration on her face.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Hi!
text: Emmett rises and walks off.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Good luck.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Thanks again for your help!
text: Warner remains standing, still somewhat uncomfortable with
dialog: her presence here.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: S o -- uh -- how was your first class?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Fine. Except for this horrible girl who
dialog: made me look bad in front of my Civ Pro
dialog: professor. But no biggie. You're here
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
dialog: 42 (3) 42
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (perky)
dialog: How was your summer?
text: She pats the bench beside her. He doesn't move.
speaker_heading: · WARNER
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Good. Good.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Do anything exciting?
text: A female hand snakes around Warner's chest from behind.
text: Warner turns and brings the owner of the hand around to his
text: side, presenting her.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Urn, hey, have you met Sarah?
text: Sarah, the horrible girl herself, holds out her hand to Elle,
text: full of contempt.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hi. Sarah Knottingham.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to Warner; horrified)
dialog: · You know her?
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: She 's --
text: Sarah jumps in. ·
speaker_heading: SARAH .
dialog: -- I ' m his fiancee.
text: Elle stares at her. Sarah tucks a piece of her mousy brown
text: hair behind her ear and there it is -- The Rock.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: I'm sorry, I just hallucinated.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: Sarah was my girlfriend at prep school.
dialog: We got back together over the summer at
dialog: my grandmother's birthday party.
text: Elle looks stricken. Sarah gives her a smug smile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
dialog: 42 (.4) 42
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Warner told me all about you. You're
dialog: famous at our Club.
text: She says it in a way that is anything but flattering. In
text: fact, it's completely condescending.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; pointedly)
dialog: But he didn't tell me you'd be here.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: I didn't know --
text: Elle looks from Warner to Sarah.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Excuse me.
text: She rushes off. Sarah watches her go, a smug grin on her
dialog: ' · · ··
dialog: face, ·
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Warner)
dialog: I thought you said she was pretty.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. STREET/INT. ELLE'S CONVERTIBLE BOXSTER- DAY 43
text: Elle drives, wiping the tears from her face. She spots
text: something off to the side and SWERVES her car toward it, a
text: gasp of hope escaping her lips.
text: Her car stops in front of a strip mall salon called "Beauty
dialog: Oasis".
scene_heading: 44 INT. BEAUTY OASIS - DAY 44
text: A downscale, blue-collar salon, with five hair chairs and two
text: manicure stations. Old ladies and young waitresses get perms.
dialog: PAULETTE --early 40s, lower-middle class, hard-edged, plus-
text: sirzed -- looks up as a defeated Elle sinks into the manicure
text: chair.(The manicure station is plastered with pictures of
text: RUFUS, a big, slobbering pit-bull). ·
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: Bad day?
text: Elle holds out her hands. Paulette dips them into a dish of
text: soapy water.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You can't even imagine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 44 44
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: .Spill.,
text: Elle lets it all out in a rush.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I worked really hard to get into law
dialog: school -- I blew off Spring Break and
dialog: Greek Week to study for the LSATs, I
dialog: completely neglected my Homecoming Queen
dialog: duties, I hired a Coppola to direct my
dialog: admissions video -- all so I could get my
dialog: boyfriend Warner back and now he's
dialog: engaged to this awful girl Sarah so it
dialog: was all for nothing! I wish I ' d never
dialog: even come to Harvard.
text: Paulette dries Elle's hands and begins filing.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: After you went to all that trouble?
speaker_heading: ELLE :
dialog: Well, what am I supposed to do? He's
dialog: engaged! She's got the family six-carat
text: on her bony, unpolished finger.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: You're asking the wrong girl. I ' m with
dialog: my guy eight years and then one day it's
dialog: "I met someone else. Move out."
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: What'd you do?
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: Cried a lot and gained twenty pounds.
dialog: Dewey kept the trailer and my precious
dialog: baby Rufus. I got jackcrap.
text: She looks at a picture of the pit-bull.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; re the dog)
dialog: I didn't even get to go to his birthday
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
dialog: 44 ( 2 ) 44
speaker_heading: PAUL ETTE
dialog: What could I do?
dialog: (shrugging)
text: He's a man who followed his pecker to
dialog: greener pastures. I ' m a middle-aged high-
dialog: school dropout with stretch marks and a
dialog: fat ass. Happens every day. At least to
dialog: women like me.
dialog: ELLE . ·
dialog: That's terrible!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: So, what's this Sarah got that you don't?
dialog: Three tits? -
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: She's from Connecticut. She belongs to
dialog: his stupid country club.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: Is she as pretty as you?
text: Elle looks down.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I ' m not pretty -- I ' m genetically
dialog: blessed.
text: Paulette rolls her eyes, shaking her bottle of polish and
text: starting on Elle's right hand.
speaker_heading: PA UL ETT E
dialog: Is sJie.? "
speaker_heading: ELL E
dialog: She could use some mascara and some
dialog: serious highlights, but she's not
text: completely unfortunate- looking.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY (O.S.)
dialog: Hello, ladies.
text: Paulette looks up to see the UPS GUY, a strapping hunk of a
text: man in his late 30' s . She blushes and smooths down her hair,
text: knocking over a bottle of nail polish in the process. Trying
text: to play it off as she signs for the package.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
dialog: 44 ( 3 ) 44
speaker_heading: UPS GUY (CONT'D) .
dialog: See ya later.
text: He goes. Paulette watches him. Elle notices.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: (hating herself) .
dialog: Could I be anymore goddamn spastic?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So you're sure, this Warner guy is "the
dialog: one"?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Definitely! I love him!
text: Paulette looks at her.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: If a girl like you can't hold on to her
dialog: man -- then there sure as hell isn't any
dialog: hope for the rest of us. What're you
dialog: waiting for? Steal the bastard back.
scene_heading: 45 INT. DORMITORY - WARNER'S ROOM - DAY 45
text: Elle knocks on Warner's door, bottle of wine and two glasses
dialog: in hand.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Warner?
text: When she gets no answer, she write a message on his memo
dialog: board -- CLOSE ON-- "Call me! Love, You Know Who".
text: She leaves the wine bottle and two glasses and goes.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. HARVARD LAW CAMPUS - DAY 46
text: Elle is in her push-up bikini, reclining in her beach chair,
text: pink frozen margarita in one hand, Underdog in the other, law
text: book in her lap, pretending to study.
text: We PULL BACK to reveal that she's sitting on the sidelines of
text: a touch-football game that Warner is playing with a group of
dialog: other 1-L's.
text: Warner scores easily because the other male eyes are all on
text: Elle. He shakes his head and smiles.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 47 INT. CRIMINAL LAW CLASS - DAY 47
text: Elle sits, glaring at Sarah, who keeps waving her "The Rock"
text: in Elle's direction, as she plays footsie with Warner.
text: PROFESSOR DONOVAN -- 40s, a big fan of himself, salt and
text: pepper hair, no time for bullshit -- stands before the class.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: I should warn you that in addition to
dialog: competing against each other for the top
dialog: grade in this class, you'll also be
dialog: competing for one of my firm's highly
dialog: coveted four internship spots next year
dialog: where you will get to assist on actual
dialog: cases. Let the bloodbath begin. Now,
dialog: let's commence with our usual torture --
text: He looks around.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Ms . Woods --
text: Sarah and her bitchy, clone-like friend CLAIRE exchange
text: knowing glances.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: This should be amusing.
speaker_heading: · PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: Would you rather have a client who
dialog: committed a crime malum in se or malum
dialog: prohibitum?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Neither.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I'd rather have a client who's innocent.
text: Elle smiles, proud of her answer. The class snickers. Warner
text: frowns.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: . Dare to dream, Ms. Woods. Ms.
dialog: Knottingham? Which would you prefer?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
dialog: 47 47
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Malum prohibitum. Because the client
dialog: would've committed a regulatory
dialog: infraction as opposed to a dangerous
dialog: crime.
text: Elle raises her hand.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: Yes? Ms. Woods?
dialog: ' ELLE ' ..
dialog: I changed my mind. I ' d pick the
dialog: dangerous one.
text: She looks pointedly at Sarah.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT''D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I ' m not afraid of a challenge.
text: Sarah glares back at her. Warner looks between the two of
dialog: ·
text: them, worried.
scene_heading: 48 INT. STUDY LOUNGE - DAY 48
dialog: The Harvard Public Interest Law Association meeting is
text: O underway. Warner .listens intently, A few seats away, Elle
text: appears to be taking notes.
dialog: C L O SE ON--her "notes" -- "I'm free for dinner tonight. Meet
dialog: me at The Cask &amp; Flagon at 8."
text: She folds the note and sticks it in Underdog's mouth, then points
text: him toward Warner. Humiliated but dutiful, Underdog bounds off.
text: CLOSE ON -- Underdog, as he carries forth his mission,
text: arriv ing at Warner's feet. UNDERDOG'S POV -- Warner
text: discreetly takes the note from him, then looks over at Elle,
text: who feigns interest in the meeting.
scene_heading: 49 INT. CASK &amp; FLAGON RESTAURANT - NIGHT 49
text: Elle waits for Warner, alone at a table. Checking her watch
text: to see it's 8:45, she tries not to be sad.
scene_heading: 50 INT. HARVARD LAW LIBRARY - DAY 50
text: Warner and his study group, Sarah and Claire included, sit at
text: a table, going over their outlines. Elle walks up to the
text: table, holding a basket of muffins, bright smile on her face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 50 50
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: ' I ' m here to join your study group. And
dialog: look! I brought sustenance!
text: She holds up the muffins as the others look up, frowns all
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (nervously looking at Sarah)
dialog: Elle, what're you doing here?
text: Elle pulls up a chair from another table and holds up a
dialog: muffin. '
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Who's first?
text: She sits down next to Warner.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Our group is full.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Oh, God, was this like an RSVP thing?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: No, it's like a smart people thing. And
dialog: like Sarah said, we're full.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: Come on ~ we can make room for one more.
text: Sarah looks at Warner with evil eyes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We've already assigned the outlines, and
dialog: everyone has started theirs',
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (to Warner)
dialog: Besides, you wouldn't let the fat guy
dialog: _ join.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: He tried to watch me take'a shower!
text: Sarah looks at Elle.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: The answer is no.
text: Warner looks at her, feeling guilty. He shrugs an "I'm
dialog: sorry", but Elle's perkiness has gone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 50 (2) 50
text: She gathers up her muffins and stands, clutching the basket
text: to her chest as she goes.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Then I guess I'll leave you alone.
text: She walks away, completely deflated, passing by the RAGING
text: FEMINIST STUDY GROUP. Enid calls out.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Maybe there's a sorority you could join
dialog: instead.
text: Elle stops and looks at her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to Enid)
dialog: You know, if you'd come to a Rush party,
dialog: I would've at least been nice to you.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Before you voted against me and called me
dialog: a dyke behind my back?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I don't use that word. Only mean people
dialog: use that word. You must've heard it from
dialog: Sarah. .
text: She looks back at Warner's table and walks off. As she does.,
text: she's nearly mowed down by a gaggle of NERDS led by DORKY
text: DAVID, who knock the muffins out of her hands. She stands
text: there, even more depressed.
scene_heading: 51 INT. ELLE'S DORM ROOM - DAY - LATER 51
text: Elle sinks down onto her bed, deflated. She picks up the
text: phone and dials.
scene_heading: 52 INT. BRIDAL SHOP - DAY 52
text: Serena, with a new hairdo, and Margot are surrounded by
text: wedding dresses. Margot talks on her cell phone. We
speaker_heading: INTERCUT.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: (to Serena)
dialog: It's Elle!
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Guess what I ' m doing right this second?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Power yoga?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
dialog: 52 52
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Picking out my wedding dress!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: · What?!
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Josh proposed!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: N o way --
text: Serena grabs the phone.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ;;po you have The Rock yet?
dialog: Elle lies.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Almost.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Well, hurry up so you can come home! We
dialog: miss you!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I miss you guys! The people here are so
dialog: vile! Hardly anyone even talks to me
dialog: unless it's to say something that's not
dialog: nice. Law school sucks!
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Oh, my God! I completely forgot to tell
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: I got bangs!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (hurt and annoyed)
dialog: Re a ll y --
text: Margot grabs the phone back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
dialog: 52 (2) 52
speaker_heading: MARGOT :
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Keep June first open -- you're one of my
dialog: bridesmaids. And give Warner our love.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Iwl.
dialog: il. . .
text: Margot hangs up and Elle follows suit. Even more deflated.
scene_heading: 53 INT. ELLE'S DORM - HALLWAY - DAY - SAME TIME 53
text: Sarah and Claire walk past Elle's room, the door of which is
dialog: ajar.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's not just any Halloween party. It's a
dialog: "Come as Your Favorite Defendant" party.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: That-'s genius.
text: Elle pops her head out of the room.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: No way! Someone at this school is
dialog: actually having a party?
text: Sarah and Claire turn around. Elle's face falls when she
text: sees that it's them.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You must've heard us wrong.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Sorry. Looks like you'll be staying home
dialog: ton ig ht. Alone.
text: They continue on as Elle goes back into her room, snubbed.
scene_heading: 54 INT. ELLE'S DORM ROOM - CONTINUOUS 54
text: Elle shuts the door behind her and looks at Underdog.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I can't believe this. Not only do I not
dialog: have Warner, but I ' m --unpopular!
text: The realization hits her hard. Underdog barks. She looks at him.
dialog: ·.'.···
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 54 54
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But I wasn't invited.
text: He barks again.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You really think I should?
scene_heading: 55 EXT. OFF-CAMPUS HOUSE - PORCH - NIGHT 55
text: Two feet in high heels and fishnet hose stride purposefully
text: up the sidewalk. .
text: A perfect butt wearing a bunny tail wiggles up the steps.
scene_heading: 56 INT. OFF-CAMPUS HOUSE - NIGHT 56
text: A party filled with people who are no fun to party with.
text: NAMETAGS denote which famous defendant everyone is dressed as.
text: Menenedez's, Tonya Harding's, and Buttafuco's pepper the room.
text: Elle, decked out in a Playboy Bunny costume -- looking sexy
text: as hell -- strides in. People roll their eyes and ignore
text: her. Elle continues on.
text: NEARBY -- Enid, dressed as Lizzie Borden, axe in hand/ is in
text: the midst of a tirade against some guy dressed like William
dialog: Kennedy Smith.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: The English language is all about subliminal
dialog: domination. Take the word "semester". It's a
dialog: perfect example of this school's
dialog: discriminatory preference of semen to
dialog: ovaries. That's why I ' m petitioning to have
dialog: next term be referred to as Winter Ovester.
text: The guy backs up in fright. As Elle passes, Enid looks over.
speaker_heading: ENID (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey , Elle-- I've been meaning to ask you
dialog: (re her boobs)
dialog: -- are those real?
text: Elle snorts.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Enid, please -- silicone is so 90's.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
dialog: 56 56
text: She keeps walking.
scene_heading: 57 INT. INTO THE LIVING ROOM - AT THE BAR -CONTINUOUS 57
text: Sa rah -- dressed as Hester Prynne -- and Claire --as Joan of
dialog: Arc -- sip wine.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (continuing; sarcastic)
dialog: Thanks for inviting me, girls. This party
dialog: is super fun.
text: They roll their eyes, checking out her Bunny costume.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're supposed to be dressed as a famous
dialog: defendant.
text: Elle smiles at Sarah.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I am. Didn't you hear about the Playboy
text: Bunny who slit her ex- boyfriend's new
text: fiancee's throat with a broken wine
dialog: glass? It was tragic.
text: She grabs a glass of wine and moves on.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. OFF-CAMPUS HOUSE - BACK PORCH - NIGHT 58
text: Elle walks onto the back porch and finds Warner --dressed as
text: O.J. in a USC football uniform, number 32, with a ball and
text: chain on his foot.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Hey, O.J.
text: Warner turns. He looks around for Sarah. Not seeing her, he
text: smiles at Elle, admiring her costume.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: Wow. You're a walking felony.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Thank you. Having fun?
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: ( c h e c k i n g her out)
dialog: Now I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 58 58
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (flirty)
dialog: I feel like we've barely spent any time
dialog: together since we got here.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: That's because I spend all my time with
dialog: case studies and hypos.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Tell me about it. I can't imagine doing
dialog: all this and Donovan's internship next
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: Elle, c'mon, there's no way you'll get
dialog: the grades to qualify for one of those
dialog: spots . You're not smart enough.
text: She can't believe he's saying this. He realizes he's gone
text: too far, and back-pedals.
speaker_heading: WARNER (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I didn't mean --
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Am I on glue, or did I not get into the
dialog: same law school you did, Warner?
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (covering)
dialog: We ll , yeah, but --
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: But what? We took the same LSAT, we take
dialog: th e same classes --
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: I just don't want to see you get your
dialog: hopes up. You know how you get.
text: She stares at him. Realizing the awful truth.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I'11 never be good enough for you, will
dialog: I?
text: When he doesn't answer, she walks back into the house.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: 59 INT. OFF-CAMPUS HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT -SAME TIME 59
text: One of them holds a salad
text: A group of tipsy ILs stand around.
text: bowl filled with cash.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: I give her two more weeks.
text: She throws a twenty into the bowl. ' ·. .
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: Two and a half?
text: He throws in his twenty as well.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: If she spreads her legs, maybe --
speaker_heading: ARROGANT AARON
dialog: (adjusting his crotch)
dialog: Only if I ' m feeling generous.
speaker_heading: ELLE (O.S.)
dialog: What is this?
text: They turn around to find Elle standing there.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: We're betting on how much longer you're
dialog: going to last.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (stung)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Look around, Elle. Do you actually think
dialog: you belong here?
text: They all stare at her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Why wouldn't I?
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Because the rest of us provide some
dialog: worthwhile value to society?
speaker_heading: ARROGANT AARON
dialog: Hold on, now -- every society needs a
dialog: bimbo. Who are we supposed to sleep with
dialog: after we get rich?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
dialog: 59 59
text: Elle looks like she's been slapped. The others laugh at
dialog: Aaron's esteemed wit.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You know what? All of you can just kiss
dialog: my ass.
text: She yanks off her Bunny tail and throws it at them. Hurt and
text: anger in her eyes. Then walks out of the room.
speaker_heading: ' ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; to herself)
dialog: You're about to see just how valuable
dialog: Elle Woods can be.
text: She stomps out of the house.
text: A GIRL-POWER SONG STARTS TO PLAY AS A MONTAGE BEGINS:
scene_heading: 60 INT. HARVARD BOOKSTORE - NIGHT 60
text: A hot pink laptop is yanked off the shelf.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Elle, still in her Bunny suit, minus the tail, stands in
text: line, paying for the laptop. People gape at her, but she's
text: oblivious in her resolve.
text: EMMETT walks up behind her in line. He clears his throat,
text: trying not to look at her costume.
text: Elle turns, seeing him.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Don't ask.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Wasn't gonna. -
text: She marches off. Laptop in hand.
scene_heading: 61 INT. ELLE'S DORM ROOM - NIGHT 61
text: A pony-tailed Elle types a brief, coffee next to her.
text: Underdog sleeps nearby, belly-up. Legs twitching in a
text: nightmare. Typing furiously, Elle breaks a nail, then
text: struggles to forge on, despite her instinct to stop and
dialog: repair it.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: 62 INT. LAW LIBRARY - DAY 62
text: Elle -- arms full of books -- walks past the Warner/Sarah
text: study group. Sarah and Claire scowl at her, but Elle passes
text: with her head held high.
scene_heading: 63 INT. STUDY LOUNGE - DAY 63
text: Enid is surrounded by study materials and notecards. When
text: she gets up to use the ladies' room, Elle casually walks over
text: and slips a notecard into the middle of Enid's stack. Then
text: quickly walks on. '
scene_heading: 64 INT. BEAUTY OASIS - DAY 64
text: Pau lett e quizzes Elle from a law textbook as her nails dry.
text: As she waits for Elle's answer, Paulette showers Underdog
text: with kisses, showing him pictures of Rufus.
scene_heading: 65 INT. CRIMINAL LAW CLASS - DAY .. 65
text: Donovan is in the midst of a lecture. He points at Elle.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: And the purpose of "diminished capacity"
dialog: is?
text: She swallows nervously, then speaks.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: To negate mens rea?
text: Donovan nods affirmatively and continues. Elle hides a
dialog: smile.
scene_heading: 66 INT. LAW LIBRARY - NIGHT 66
text: Elle reaches for a book on a high shelf, but she's not tall
text: enough. She tries a running start and leaps for it. Still
dialog: missing it.
text: FROM THE LEFT, she runs and leaps again, missing again.
text: FROM THE RIGHT, she runs and leaps again, missing again.
text: Dorky David walks up and sets down a step-stool at her: feet.
text: Now winded, she smiles her thanks, stepping up to retrieve
dialog: her book.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: 67 INT. STUDY LOUNGE - DAY 67
text: Enid flips through her notecards, memorizing, when she comes
text: upon a picture of a NAKED MAN. Oh, the horror. She throws it
text: down in disgust as if her eyes have been burned.
text: Looking around, Enid sees Elle smiling and waving at her from
text: across the room.
scene_heading: 68 INT. LAW LIBRARY - DAY 68
text: Elle walks past Arrogant Aaron, as he sleeps at his study
text: cubicle, head back on the chair.
text: She stops, backs up, and waves her hand over his face. When
text: he doesn't stir, she takes a magic marker out of her knapsack
text: and leans over to write something on his forehead.
scene_heading: INT. ELLE1S DORM ROOM - DAY
dialog: 69 69
text: Elle works out on her Elliptical Crosstrainer as she listens
text: to a lecture tape and watches Court TV on mute.
speaker_heading: LECTURER (V.O.)
dialog: "A failure to act can constitute the actus reus for
dialog: accomplice liability if the defendant has the legal duty to
dialog: intervene, but fails to do so."
scene_heading: 70 INT. LAW LIBRARY - DAY 70&gt;
text: Arrogant Aaron wakes up with a start, checks his watch, and
text: rushes off to class. Oblivious to his facial graffiti, which
dialog: we can't yet read.
scene_heading: 71 INT. CIVIL PROCEDURES CLASS - DAY 71
text: Professor Stromwell is in front of the class.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: So you've filed a claim. Now what?
text: She looks over to see Elle sitting there, typing on her
dialog: laptop.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Ms. Woods?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Don't you also need to have evidence?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
dialog: 71 71
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: Meaning?
text: Everyone now stares at Elle.
speaker_heading: 'ELLE
dialog: Meaning you need -- reasonable belief
dialog: that your claim would have, like,
dialog: evidentiary support?
text: Stromwell is somewhat impressed, but doesn't show it.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: And what kind of evidentiary support does
dialog: this case require? Let's ask Mr.
dialog: Harriman, who clearly believes that I
dialog: might be hungry.
text: She looks up at Arrogant Aaron in the back row. Who
text: unknowingly has "Eat Me" written on his forehead. He looks
text: back at her, confused, as the students around him snicker.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. BEAUTY OASIS - NIGHT 72
text: A "Closed" sign is on the door.
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW, we see Elle and Paulette sitting in the
text: empty salon, laughing and clinking cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon
text: as they toast Elle's small victory. We PULL BACK, leaving
text: them laughing, as the MONTAGE ENDS.
scene_heading: 73 INT. CRIMINAL LAW CLASS - DAY 73
text: "THE STATE V. LATIMER" is written on the board. A pony-
text: tailed, less made-up Elle takes notes on her lap-top, as
text: Warner makes an argument.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: . According to Swinney v. Neubert, Swinney,
dialog: who was also a private sperm donor, was
dialog: allowed visitation rights as long as he
dialog: came to terms with the hours set forth by
dialog: the parents. So, if we're sticking to
dialog: past precedent, Mr. Latimer wasn't
dialog: st al ki ng -- he was clearly within his
dialog: rights to ask for visitation.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONQVAN
dialog: But Swinney was a one-time sperm donor,
dialog: and in our case, the defendant was a
dialog: habitual sperm donor, who also happens to
dialog: be harassing the parents in his quest for
dialog: visitation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
dialog: 73 "73
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: But , without this man's sperm --the
dialog: child in question would not exist.
text: He grins and looks around as the class murmurs their
dialog: agreement.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: Now you're thinking like a lawyer.
text: EMMETT enters from the back, holding a file. He stands there
text: quietly, watching. ·
text: Elle tentatively raises her hand.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ms. Woods?
text: Sarah looks at Claire.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (sotto)
text: The idiot speaks.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Although Mr. Huntington makes an
dialog: excellent point, I have to wonder if the
dialog: defendant kept a thorough record of each
dialog: sperm emission made throughout his life?
text: The class titters. Elle grows annoyed.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: (bemused)
dialog: Why do you ask?
text: Elle's hesitancy is replaced by conviction.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Well, unless the defendant attempted to
dialog: contact every single one-night- stand to
dialog: determine if a child resulted in those
dialog: unions -- then he has no parental claim
dialog: whatsoever over this child. Why this
dialog: s p e rm ? Why now? '
text: Emmett's mouth twitches into a smile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
dialog: 73 (2) 73
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: For that matter, all masturbatory
dialog: emissions where his sperm was clearly not
dialog: seeking an egg could be termed reckless
dialog: abandonment.
text: Warner's mouth hangs open. As does Sarah's and the rest of
text: the class. Donovan smiles.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: I believe you've just won your case.
dialog: Elle grins. :
scene_heading: 74 INT. DONOVAN'S CLASS - LATER 74
text: As the students file out, Elle passes Donovan.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: You did well today.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I did?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: You're applying for my internship, aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I don ' t know --
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: You should. Do you have a resume?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (excited)
text: " ··'.' . · ·. . . i do. ' ' , .''. ·' . . · ; . .
text: She pulls a resume out of her briefcase and hands it to him..
text: He looks at it. ·
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
text: It's pink.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: And engraved... Gives it that extra
dialog: little something, doesn't it? .
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: See you tomorrow!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: . 57.
dialog: 74 74
text: She walks on. Emmett walks up, handing the file to Donovan.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I brought you the Windham notes.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: (watching Elle go)
dialog: You think she just woke up one morning
dialog: and said, "I think I'll go to law school
dialog: today!"?
text: Ei timett looks after Elle, bemused.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Aside from that lapse in judgement --
dialog: she's got potential.
scene_heading: 75 INT. ELLE'S CAR-DAY 75
text: Elle drives. Paulette is shotgun. ·
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: You showed up Warner in class? You're
text: supposed to be showing up Sarah.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I couldn't help it! It was the most fun
dialog: I've had since I've been in law school.
dialog: Not only was I good enough for Warner --
dialog: I was better than him. He has to see
dialog: serious I am now. Even Donovan was
dialog: impressed, and he's a total hard- ass.
text: Elle stops the car and turns off the ignition.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: PAULETTE ·
dialog: .
dialog: No. '
dialog: ·
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Yes, you are. Go -- you can do this. .
text: She points ahead of them. Paulette goes.
scene_heading: 76 EXT. DEWEY'S TRAILER - DAY . 76
text: The door opens. DEWEY(40s) and his beer gut emerge.
text: Paulette is on the porch. Trying to exude confidence, but
dialog: failing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 9/172000 Revision (Blue) 58.
dialog: 16 76
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: (to Paulette)
dialog: What the hell do yon want? We're eating
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: I just --
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: You just thought you'd come over and show
dialog: me what I 'm definitely not missing?
scene_heading: 77 INT. ELLE'S CAR - DAY -SAME TIME 77
text: She watches, frowning.
scene_heading: 78 EXT. DEWEY 'S TRAILER - DAY -CONTINUOUS 78 '
dialog: Dewey's really having fun now.
speaker_heading: ; DEWEY
dialog: ;
dialog: What the hell happened to you? You get a
dialog: job at a donut shop?
speaker_heading: · PAULETTE
dialog: That's not what --
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: How many times you gonna show up here,
dialog: beggin1 me to take you back? '
text: Paulette reddens -- flustered and humiliated. Elle appears
text: next to her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Dewey Newcomb?
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: Who's askin'
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: . I ' m Elle Woods. Ms. Bonaf ante's · .
dialog: attorney.
text: Paulette looks at Elle in surprise, Elle keeps going.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Under state law, you and Ms. Bonaf ante
dialog: had a common law marriage which entitles
dialog: her to the benefits of property law and
dialog: an equitable division of assets.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
dialog: 78 "78
text: Paulette watches Elle, mouth hanging open.
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Due to the fact that you retained the
dialog: residence, Ms. Bonafante is entitled to
dialog: full ownership of the canine property in
dialog: question and we will be enforcing said
dialog: ownership immediately.
speaker_heading: DEWEY :
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: ·
dialog: Tell him, Paulette.
text: A still-stunned Paulette looks at Elle, then turns to Dewey,
dialog: fire in her ass. '.
dialog: ·"
dialog: .
speaker_heading: PAULETTE ·
dialog: 
dialog: I ' m taking the dog dumbass.
dialog: (calling into the trailer)
dialog: C'mere, baby, Mommy's here!
text: Rufus bounds out, licking and kissing Paulette. The love
dialog: evident.
scene_heading: 79 INT./EXT. ELLE'S CAR - A MOMENT LATER 79
text: Elle, Paulette and Rufus get in.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: W e did it! .
text: Elle high-fives her.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: God, that felt great!
speaker_heading: ELLE ·
text: Look at him. He's still scratching his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE .
dialog: Which must be a nice vacation for his
dialog: bls . .
dialog: al.
text: She turns to Rufus, hugging him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
dialog: 79 79
speaker_heading: PAULETTE (CONT'D)
dialog: And now Mommy's got somebody to eat
dialog: dinner with again. You don't care what
dialog: Mommy's butt looks like, do you?
text: Elle looks over at Paulette, heart going out to her.
scene_heading: 80 INT. CIVIL PROCEDURES CLASS - DAY 80
text: Elle turns on her Powerbook as Professor Stromwell faces the
text: class with her morning quote.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: "An image and a good hook can get you
dialog: into a room --· but something has to keep
dialog: you in that room."
text: She looks around as hands are raised.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Mr. Greenstein?
speaker_heading: INTENSE IVAN
dialog: Judge Sandra Day 0'Connor?
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: C ose.. . .
dialog: l
text: Intense Ivan's face falls. She looks around, seeing Elle
text: raising her hand.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing) -
dialog: Ms. Woods?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Madonna?
text: The class rolls their eyes and laughs, watching Stromwell.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: Damn. Thought I ' d get everyone on that
dialog: one.
dialog: The class can't believe Elle is right.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. CRIMINAL LAW CLASS - HALLWAY - DAY 81
text: A THRONG of buzzing students is gathered around the bulletin
text: board. Elle walks up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
dialog: 81 81
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: Donovan's firm is defending a major
dialog: murder case and his caseload is so heavy
text: he's taking on first year interns.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: He chose them already?
text: Sarah, at the front of the throng, gasps, then turns to
dialog: Warner.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We got it!
text: He grins and she kisses him on the cheek. Elle, shoved to
text: the back, tries to get closer, when she hears --
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: The competition must not have been that
dialog: '· stiff. ·
text: Arrogant Aaron pushes his way to the board. .
speaker_heading: ARROGANT AARON
dialog: Why? ion .got a spot?
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Hey! Watch your hands, Mr.Grabass.
speaker_heading: ARROGANT AARON '
dialog: (ignoring her)
dialog: That only leaves one for --
text: Elle, now next to him, gets a look at the board.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Me?!
text: Everyone REACTS. She turns and faces the throng. They stare
text: back at her in shock.
text: Dignified, she walks through them as they PART for her,
text: stopping in front of Warner and Sarah.
speaker_heading: EL LE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; to Warner) ·
dialog: Remember the time after Winter Formal?
dialog: When we spent four incredible hours In
dialog: the hot tub...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
dialog: 81 (2) 81
text: Sarah looks away. . ·
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is way better than that.
dialog: (pushing Sarah aside)
dialog: Excuse me. I have some shopping to do.
text: As she goes, surprised CHATTER overtakes the hallway.
scene_heading: 82 INT. SAK'S - WOMENS' DEPT. - DAY 82 ·
text: Elle scans the racks of conservative clothes. She holds up a
text: cashmere twinset and wrinkles her nose, but throws it over
text: her arm anyway.
scene_heading: 83 INT. NORDSTROM'S - HANDBAGS - DAY - LATER 83
text: Elle admires a trendy handbag, but then promptly sets it down
text: and picks up a practical leather briefcase.
scene_heading: 84 INT. AUSTEN, PLATT, JARET &amp; DONOVAN - LOBBY - DAY 84
text: The elevator door opens and Warner and Elle emerge. Elle is
text: sporting her new, boring "lawyer" clothes. Warner is baffled
text: and impressed by her transformation.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: You look -- nice.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Thank you.
text: She gives him an aloof smile and walks off. Warner watches her
text: go. Sarah stands in the lobby. None too happy to witness this.
scene_heading: 85 INT. AUSTEN, PLATT, JARET &amp; DONOVAN - DAY - MOMENTS LATER 85
text: Donovan strides through the office, his four interns behind
text: him. He points as he walks.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: There's your office, there's the
text: bathroom, there's the coffee machine.
text: There's Gerard, Dick and1Bobby.
text: GERARD, smarmy and trim, DICK, short and bald, and BOBBY,
text: black and bespectacled, wave as the interns pass by.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: They're the other associates on the case.
dialog: Ask them all your stupid questions, save
dialog: the smart ones for me.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: 86 INT. AUSTEN, JARET, PLATT AND DONOVAN - CONFERENCE ROOM 86
text: Professor Donovan opens his briefcase as Elle, Sarah, Enid
text: and Warner hang on his every word.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: We're defending Brooke Windham, whose
dialog: very wealthy husband was found shot to
text: death in their Beacon Hill mansion.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Gold digger?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: You'd think so, since the stiff was
dialog: sixty, but she was rich on her own. Some
dialog: kind of fitness empire. You can buy her
text: exercise tapes on infomercials.
text: Elle frowns.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Wait a minute -- are we talking about
dialog: Brooke Daniels?
text: Donovan checks his papers.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: M a i d e n name--Daniels.
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: You know her?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: She was a Delta Gamma! Not in my pledge
dialog: class or anything -- she graduated ,five
dialog: years ahead of me. But I used to take her
dialog: class at the LA Sports Club. She's
dialog: amazing!
text: The others looks at each other and roll their eyes.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: Amazing how?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: She could make you drop three pounds in
dialog: one class. She's completely gifted!
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: Well, in all likelihood, she's completely
text: guilty as well. She was seen standing
text: over her husband's dead body.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: .4.
dialog: 6
dialog: 86 86
speaker_heading: WA RN ER
dialog: B y who?
speaker_heading: SA RAH
dialog: (correcting him)
dialog: Whom?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: His twenty-seven year old daughter and
dialog: the pool boy.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Maybe she found him like that.
speaker_heading: P RO F ES S OR DONOVAN
dialog: That's the story she'll be telling the
dialog: jury. We just have to prove it.
text: Emmett walks in and sits.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Sorry I ' m late.
text: Elle looks at him, confused.
scene_heading: P R O FE S SO R DONOVAN
text: This is Emmett Kerrigan, another associate.
dialog: Top three in his class and former editor of
dialog: H a r v a r d Law Review. You've probably seen
dialog: h i m lurking around campus doing my research.
speaker_heading: EM ME TT
text: Or napping on the quad. .
text: Elle smiles at him. He smiles back. Almost shy.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (to Donovan)
dialog: What about the murder weapon?
scene_heading: P R O FE S SO R DONOVAN
text: The gun is missing. The coroner said
dialog: he'd been dead thirty minutes dead when
dialog: the cops arrived -- giving Brooke plenty
dialog: of time to stash it.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: There's no way Brooke could've done this -
dialog: - exercise gives you endorphins,
dialog: endorphins make you happy -- happy people
dialog: don't kill their husbands!
text: Sarah and Enid snort.
speaker_heading: ( CON TINU ED)
dialog: 65.
dialog: 86 (2) 86
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DONOVAN
dialog: You don't really believe she's innocent?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Of course, I do!
text: Emmett looks at her.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Then we may actually have a case.
text: He looks over at Donovan, who's not so sure.
dialog: .·'.'.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. BOSTON JAIL - DAY 87
text: Grey and imposing.
scene_heading: 88 INT. BOSTON JAIL - DAY 88
text: Donovan sits at a long table, next to BROOKE, a pretty 26-
text: .year-old blonde with a perfect body and a sad face. The
text: interns and associates sit at the far end of the table taking
text: notes. A cop stands guard at the door.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What alibi?
dialog: ' ·. .'
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I can't tell you.
speaker_heading: ' DONOVAN
dialog: You understand you're on trial for
dialog: murder ?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I didn't do it! I walked in, saw my
text: husband lying on the floor, bent down to
dialog: check his heart, screamed my head off and
text: Chutney and Enrique ran inside.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Where they saw you standing over the body
text: covered in his blood.
text: She glares at him.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Why would I kill my husband?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Insurance? A love affair? Pure
dialog: unadulterated hatred? Believe me, the DA
dialog: will come up with plenty of reasons.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 88 8E
speaker_heading: B ROO KE
dialog: I l ov ed h im !
speaker_heading: DO NO VA N
dialog: He was thirty-four years older than you.
dialog: That doesn't sound so good to a jury.
text: Now she's pissed.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
text: Then show them a picture of his cock.
dialog: They might put a few things together.
text: Everyone stiffens except for Ell.e, who laughs out loud.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN , .
dialog: Brooke, I believe you. But a jury is
dialog: gonna want an alibi.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I can't give you that. And if you put me
dialog: on the stand, I'll lie.
text: Donovan takes a moment to look at her like she's an idiot.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Were you with another man?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Go to hell.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I'll take that as a no.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Are we done for today?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I believe we are.
text: He stands. As do his minions. As they file out, Brooke sees
dialog: Elle.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Hey -- I know you.
text: Elle perks up.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I ' m a Delta Gamma and I ' m a huge fan of
dialog: yours!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: .67.
dialog: 88 (2) 8£
speaker_heading: BR OOKE
dialog: You took my class in LA. You had the
dialog: best high kick I've ever seen. Are you
dialog: one of my lawyers?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Sort of.
text: Brooke looks at Elle as if she's her savior.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Well, thank God one of you has a brain.
scene_heading: 89 INT. BEAUTY OASIS - DAY 89
text: Rufus sleeps happily on the floor. Elle sits in front of . '
text: Paulette, nails in the soapy water.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I feel so bad for her. I mean, she's in
dialog: jail! And she's innocent. But I ' m the
dialog: only one who believes her. Donovan
dialog: totally thinks she's guilty.
speaker_heading: . PAULETTE
dialog: That's because men are big, fat retards
dialog: who don't -- Oh, my God...
speaker_heading: ON THE DOOR
text: The UPS GUY stands in the doorway with a package, sun
text: streaming in around him.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY
dialog: Afternoon, ladies.
scene_heading: O N ELLE AND PAULETTE
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: It's him!
text: Paulette smooths down her hair.
speaker_heading: ELLE '
dialog: It's who?
text: She turns to look as we go to --
text: BUTT-CAM -- CLOSE ON the crisp brown shorts of a regulation
text: UPS uniform, as they stretch across the taut, muscular
text: buttocks of UPS GUY, as he strides through the shop.
speaker_heading: (CO NTINUE D)
dialog: 68.
dialog: 89 89
text: When the butt stops moving, we WIDEN to reveal the UPS Guy
text: now standing in front of Elle and Paulette.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY
dialog: I've got a package.
text: Elle turns to Paulette, eyes wide.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (agreeing)
dialog: He's got a package. ·
text: Paulette is frozen. Blushing and nervous.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY
dialog: How ya doin' today? .
dialog: PAULETTE . ·
dialog: Fine?
text: He waits for her to sign. She remains frozen. Elle takes
text: the pen and signs for her, trying to help. .
text: UPS Guy smiles kindly at Paulette and heads out.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY .
dialog: ·
dialog: Take it easy.
text: Paulette watches him go, hand over her heart. Elle looks at
dialog: her, concerned. ,
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: So, this is the only interaction you two
dialog: have ever had?
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: No. Sometimes I say "Okay" instead of
dialog: "Fine".
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Have you ever considered asking him if
dialog: he'd like a cold beverage? Or perhaps a
dialog: neck massage?
dialog: ·'. ' · · .''
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: What's the point?
dialog: (matter of factly)
dialog: Look at me.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I am. And I'm looking at a beautiful,
dialog: fabulous, sexy woman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: · . 6 9.
dialog: 89 (2) 89
text: Paulette snorts.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: Good one.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Trust'me. You've got the equipment, you
dialog: just need to read the manual.
dialog: Elle stands. ,
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I ' m going to.show you a little maneuver
dialog: my mother taught me when I was in junior
dialog: high. In my experience, it has a 98%
dialog: success rate in getting a man's attention
dialog: an d when used appropriately--an 83%
dialog: rate of return on a dinner invitation.
text: The HAIRSTYLISTS and CLIENTS listen, intrigued. .
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's called the "Bend &amp; Snap".
dialog: (acting)
dialog: "Oh, look! There's something on the
dialog: floor that I need to pick up!" Bend...
text: She slowly BENDS down, as if to pick up something, sticking
text: out her tush, knee cocked. She slids her hand down her
text: cocked leg until her hand touches the floor and she SNAPS
text: back up, boobs a'bouncing.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And snap! Now you try.
text: Paulette stands up repeating the maneuver.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: Bend...and snap!
dialog: I t ' s a spastic version of what Elle just did.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Good. Now this time, put a little arch in
dialog: your back and maybe get your footing more
dialog: solid.
text: Paulette does it again. This time, getting it right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
dialog: 89 ( 3 ) 89
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Perfect!
text: A HAIR CLIENT walks over, head full of curlers.
speaker_heading: HAIR CLIENT
dialog: Like this? .
text: She tries.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Good.
text: She adjusts her like a yoga instructor would.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: But cock that knee.
text: ANOTHER CLIENT calls over.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER CLIENT
dialog: Am I doing it right?
text: Elle walks over to her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
text: More snap, less bend.
text: She turns to the rest of the clients.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon -- everyone try!
text: Clients hop up out of their chairs as someone reaches over
text: and cranks the transistor radio, blaring "BRICK HOUSE" by the
dialog: Commodores.
dialog: All the clients and technicians, no matter what their age, or
text: how many foils are in there hair, are up and doing the "Bend
text: &amp; Snap", repeating the mantra as they do.
text: Elle walks around them, continuing to adjust them.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now everyone together.
text: They all bend in unison -- going down on "Brick" --
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Bend --
text: And snapping back up -- on "House" .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: .71.
dialog: 89 ( 4 ) 89
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And snap !
text: The frivolity continues as the roomful of ladies perfect the
dialog: maneuver . .
text: M AU R I C E , a male hair-dresser, comes out of the back room,
text: m i xi n g a bowl of bleach as he walks. He stops when he spots
dialog: the activity. .
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Oh, my God! The Bend &amp; Snap!
dialog: (to an old lady)
dialog: Works every time...
scene_heading: INT. AUSTEN, PLATT, JARET &amp; DONOVAN-CONFERENCE ROOM-DAY
dialog: 90 90
text: CHUTNEY, 27, curly-haired and bitter, sits in front of
text: Donovan, the FEMALE DA, the associates, the interns and a
text: court .reporter, as she's interviewed.
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: I got out of the shower," walked
dialog: downstairs, saw her standing over my
dialog: father, and called the police.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Did she have a weapon in her hand?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Was there any reason for you to believe
dialog: she had discarded a weapon?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: Uh, yeah, because the bitch shot him.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Was there any evidence that Mrs . Windham
dialog: shot him?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: (duh)
text: His dead body with a bullet in it. .
scene_heading: 91 INT. AUSTEN, PLATT, JARET &amp; DONOVAN-CONFERENCE ROOM-LATER 91
text: ENRIQUE, 25, Latino and hunky as hell, sits in the seat that
text: Chutney has vacated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 91 aONTINUED: 91
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What did you see when you entered the
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
text: I saw Mrs. Windham standing over the body
dialog: of Mr. Windham.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Was she carrying a weapon?
speaker_heading: · ENRIQUE
text: No, she was crying her eyes out.
text: Donovan smiles.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: So she was distraught that her husband
dialog: was dead?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Oh, yes. Mrs. Windham is the most sweet,
dialog: wonderful woman I know. I have loved her
dialog: since the day she hired me. She could
dialog: never do something this awful. I know
dialog: this because we are very close.
text: The others shift uncomfortably, then look at each other. Then.,
text: back at Enrique and his shiny, unbuttoned-to-show-his-pecs
text: shirt. The DA smiles.
scene_heading: 92 INT. STEAKHOUSE - NIGHT .9.2
text: Donovan, the interns, and associates sit at a large table.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: She's screwing the pool boy.
text: Elle gasps and makes a face.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: There is no way a Delta Gamma would sleep
text: with a man in a shiny shirt. Warner,
dialog: back me up here.
text: Warner shrugs, embarrassed. Sarah looks at Donovan.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I hate to agree ~ but I don't see the
dialog: two of them actually --
dialog: (wrinkling her nose)
dialog: -- doing it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
dialog: 92 92
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Women like that will screw anything.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: So, because she's beautiful and has a good
dialog: body, she's easy? What book of feminist
dialog: theory did you read iiiai in, Enid?
text: Emmett jumps in before war breaks out.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Okay, if Brooke didn't kill the guy, who did?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: My money's on the angry daughter or the
dialog: ex-wife.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Chutney has a trust fund. She didn't
dialog: need the insurance payoff or the
dialog: inheritance.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What about her mother?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
text: Covered. She was in Aspen at the time.
dialog: Ten people saw her downing cosmopolitans
text: at the Caribou Club.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Al l I know is-- it's not Brooke.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: That's touching, Elle, but we need an
dialog: alibi.
dialog: Elle thinks about this.
scene_heading: 93 INT. BOSTON JAIL - LOBBY - DAY ' 93
text: A--nervous Elle stands in front of the burly CHECK-IN GUARD..
text: She holds a basket of goodies.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I ' m here to see Brooke Wi'ndham.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Licensed attorney or family member?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Uh -- family.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
dialog: 93 93
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Relation?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I ' m her sister.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Delta. Gamma.
text: He makes a note and buzzes her in. '
scene_heading: 94 INT. BOSTON JAIL - DAY 94
text: Elle sits at a conference table with her basket. A door
text: opens and a female guard brings Brooke into the room. Wearing
text: a horribly tacky orange jumpsuit.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Are you okay? You look so sad...and so
dialog: . orange.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I ' m glad it's you and not Donovan.
speaker_heading: . ELLE
dialog: He means well. He's really brilliant and
dialog: all.
text: Brooke sits, not looking convinced.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: He better be, for what I ' m paying him.
text: Elle pushes her basket forward.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I brought you some necessities. Pink
text: sheets. Aromatherapy candles. Loofah.
dialog: And The Bible.
text: She holds up a "Cosmopolitan".
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: You're an angel.
text: Elle squirms in her seat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
dialog: 94 94
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: But I have to tell you the real reason
dialog: I ' m here. Professor Donovan says we
dialog: really, really need your alibi.
text: Brooke tears up.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Elle, I can't. You don't understand.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Who could better understand than me?
text: Brooke dabs her eyes with a corner of the pink Ralph Lauren
dialog: sheets.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: It's so shameful...
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Whatever it is -- it could save you.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: That's just it -- it would ruin me!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: How?
text: Brooke composes herself. Takes a deep breath. Looks at Elle.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I have made my fortune on my ability to
dialog: teach women how to perfect their bodies
text: with the Brooke's Butt Buster workout.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I know! You helped me go from a six to a
dialog: four!
text: Brooke starts to cry again.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: On the day of Heyworth's murder, I was --
text: She snorts back a sob.
speaker_heading: BROOKE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: -- getting liposuction.
text: Elle gasps.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
dialog: 94 (2) 94
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: (completely shamed)
dialog: I ' m a fraud! But it's not like normal
dialog: people can have this ass! If my fans
dialog: knew, I ' d lose everything. I've already
dialog: lost my husband. I rather be in jail
dialog: then lose my reputation!
text: Elle hugs her to her chest, consoling her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Your secret is safe with me.
scene_heading: 95 INT. AUSTEN, PLATT, JARET &amp; DONOVAN - LIBRARY - DAY 95
text: The associates and interns sit at a table piled high with
text: research, as Donovan goes over his notes.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: .. We've got two interviews tomorrow that
dialog: Dick and Bobby are gonna handle, and the
dialog: ex-wife in an hour.
text: He looks up.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sarah, can you grab me some coffee?
text: Sarah rises, and fetches the coffee from the side table.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And according to this communique from the
dialog: prison, our client apparently had a visit
dialog: fr om her sister? A Miss Delta Gamma --
text: He looks at Elle.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Anyone you know?
text: Elle looks up, caught. The others looks at her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I went to get her alibi.
text: Emmett looks over, surprised.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77,
speaker_heading: 95 95
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Did you get it?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: But I can't tell you what it is.
dialog: Yes.
dialog: The others can't believe this.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Why the hell not?
speaker_heading: ' ELLE
dialog: I promised her I ' d keep it secret. I
dialog: can't break the bonds of sisterhood!
text: Now he's pissed.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Fuck sisterhood. This is a murder trial,
dialog: not some scandal at the sorority house.
dialog: I want the alibi.
text: Sarah sets Donovan's coffee down. Watching to see what Elle
dialog: will do.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I can't give it to you. All I can tell
dialog: you is that she's innocent.
text: An ASSISTANT pokes her head in the room.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Mr. Donovan? Mrs. Windham Vandermark is
text: on line two.
text: Donovan rises, still annoyed.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Someone reason with her while I take
dialog: this.
text: He walks out. The others look at Elle.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Are you crazy? Tell him the alibi.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: , No!
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: We're gonna lose the case if you don't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 95 (2) 95
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Then we're not very good lawyers.
text: Emmett hides a smile. Warner leans over to Elle. Sarah is
text: nearby, listening. ·
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: If you tell him, you'll probably make
dialog: summer associate. Who cares.about Brooke?
dialog: Think about yourself.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I gave her my word, Warner.
text: Sarah watches -- seeing both Warner and Elle in a different
dialog: light.
text: Donovan storms back in.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
text: The ex-wife seems to be unconcerned with
dialog: the fact that her interview is today.
text: She's at a spa in the Berkshires.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: A spa?
dialog: (to Elle)
dialog: Isn't that like, your Mother-Ship?
text: Elle shrugs and looks at Donovan.
speaker_heading: ELLE .
dialog: I can go if you want.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: Why you?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to Enid)
dialog: Have you ever been to a spa?
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: And subscribe to the doctrine of self-
dialog: hatred imposed upon my gender by male
dialog: delusions of the way women are supposed
dialog: to look?
dialog: (beat) .
dialog: Twice.
text: Donovan motions toward Elle. Then looks at Emmett with a
dialog: pointed "Get the alibi" look.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 95 (3) 95
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Go with her.
scene_heading: 96 INT. EMMETT'S VOLVO - DAY 96
text: Emmett drives, Elle is shotgun.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Explain to me why you're so anti- Brooke.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Uh, for starters, she won'-t give us an
dialog: al i bi --
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Aside from that.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
text: She's completely untrustworthy.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: She married an old man, she's made a
dialog: living on telling women they're too fat,
text: she hawks her crap on the Home Shopping
dialog: Network...
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: A) He's an old man with a really big
dialog: penis. B) She never told me I was fat.
dialog: And C) Victoria Principal sells on that
dialog: network.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: And D) Brooke is obviously hiding
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: But maybe it's not what you think.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Bu t maybe it is-- .
text: They're quiet for a moment. She looks at him.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You're kind of being a butt-head right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
dialog: 96 96
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (amused)
dialog: How do you figure?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Because people aren't always what they
dialog: seem to be and you refuse to see that.
dialog: Have a little faith. You might be
dialog: surprised.
text: They're quiet again while he thinks about this. He looks
text: over at her.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I can't believe you called me a butt-
dialog: head. No one's called me a butt-head
dialog: since ninth grade.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Maybe not to your face...
text: She gives him a teasing smile. He smiles back at her,
text: shaking his head.
scene_heading: 97 INT. SPA - LOBBY - DAY 97
text: Elle and Emmett are at the desk.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: We have two o'clock massages. Kerrigan
dialog: and Woods.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Go on back. .
text: Elle starts to go, then stops.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Oh, and my friend Katherine Windham
dialog: Vandermark is here somewhere and I ' m
dialog: supposed to meet her. for a Pilates class.
dialog: Do you have her schedule?
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: (checking)
text: She's in the mud room until four.
text: Elle smiles her thanks and walks off with Emmett.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Damn. We can't see her for an hour?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
dialog: 97 97
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: No, she can't move for an hour.
text: She grabs his arm and pulls him down the hall.
scene_heading: 98 INT. SPA - MUD ROOM - DAY 98
text: MRS. WINDHAM VANDERMARK, late 40s, brunette, East Coast hoity-
text: t o i t y -- lies on a table like a corpse, stiff with mud,
text: cucumbers over her eyes. Elle and Emmett poke their heads in.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Mrs. Windham Vandermark?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: We're here from Austen, Platt, Jaret &amp;
dialog: Donovan --
scene_heading: MRS. WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: So, you found me.
text: Emmett looks at Elle.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (sotto)
text: She's naked.
scene_heading: MRS. WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: I ' m covered in very expensive Egyptian
text: mud ··-- hardly naked.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to Emmett)
dialog: I'll cover her -- parts.
text: Elle settles on three washcloths, strategically placed.
scene_heading: MRS. WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: So, I hear the tart from California shot -
dialog: Heyworth.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Well, that's what we're trying to prove
dialog: didn't happen. Do you have any reason to
dialog: believe it did?
scene_heading: MRS. WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: I never met the woman, but from what my
dialog: daughter tells me, she's quite the cun--
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (interrupting her)
dialog: She's not!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 98 98
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Did your daughter ever say anything to
dialog: you about Brooke and Heyworth's
dialog: relationship?
scene_heading: MRS. WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: Aside from the fact that he found her on
dialog: an infomercial? She said they humped like
text: gorillas . Chutney could hear them all
text: the way in the pool house.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I ' m sure that was very awkward for
dialog: Chutney.
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Much as it is for me, hearing you tell
dialog: about it.
scene_heading: MRS. WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: But I guess it wasn't enough for Brooke.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Why do you say that?
scene_heading: MRS . WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: Haven't you seen the cabana boy?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: Ys. . . .
dialog: e
scene_heading: MRS. WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: Like I said, I've never met Brooke, but I
dialog: have seen her from a distance. When I ' d
dialog: come over to pick up the alimony check
dialog: that Heyworth forgot to mail every month,
dialog: she'd be out by the pool, with Mr. Hot
text: Pants hovering over her with some pink
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Hovering?
scene_heading: MRS . WINDHAM VANDERMARK
dialog: I didn't stick around long enough to
text: watch him stick his swizzle stick in her
dialog: mouth, but I ' d bet my next check that
dialog: that ' s where he was about to put it .
scene_heading: 99 INT. EMMETT 'S VOLVO - DAY 99
text: Emmett drives, raving.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
dialog: 99 99
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: How can you still believe she's innocent?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You're going to trust the word of a woman
dialog: who named her child after a condiment?
dialog: She's ly-ing.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: And you know this for a fact?
speaker_heading: ' ELLE
dialog: Did you see the icky black color of her
dialog: hair?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I never trust a woman who's not blonde.
dialog: Except for my friend Serena, but that's
text: only because she's a blonde at heart.
dialog: That's the whole reason I ' m starting the
dialog: Blonde Legal Defense Fund.
text: He looks at her and laughs.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Blondes are discriminated against
dialog: worldwide! Brooke's a blonde, and people
text: are saying she's sleeping with the cheesy
text: pool boy and shooting her husband. If
dialog: she was a mousy brunette, it would be,
dialog: "Oh, the poor widow."
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You're serious?
text: She's fired up now.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You should see the way I ' m treated in
dialog: class! I'm a complete source of mockery.
dialog: This is why the Blonde Legal Defense Fund
dialog: is needed.
text: He goes along with it, won over by her enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Okay, how would it work?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
dialog: 99 (2) 99
speaker_heading: E LLE
dialog: It would be a full-service law firm, by
dialog: and for blondes, providing positive
dialog: blonde role models and community outreach
dialog: in high blonde areas. I mean, think
dialog: about it -- name one blonde intellectual
dialog: role model.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: -- I can't.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: That is a direct result of anti- blonde
dialog: discrimination!
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Wait -- Hilary Clinton.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: If she were a true blonde, she would've
dialog: left the cheating bastard. Blondes don't
dialog: let their husbands get fellated by
text: brunettes and live to tell about it.
text: Emmett frowns.
speaker_heading: EMM E T T
dialog: . In that case, maybe Heyworth got ---
text: fellated --by a brunette and Brooke
dialog: caught him.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Exactly how much gorilla sex do you think
dialog: a sixty-year-old man can take? ·.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: That's not really a topic that keeps me
dialog: up at night -- but maybe it should.
text: Elle digs in her purse.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Speaking of that ·-- I bought you some
dialog: seaweed cream while we were at the spa.
text: She hands it to him. He keeps his hands on the wheel, not
dialog: taking it.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: What the hell is that for?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
dialog: 99 (3) 99
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: The bags under your eyes. You're an
dialog: attractive man, but you need to take
dialog: better care of yourself.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I don't --
dialog: (gesturing to the cream)
dialog: Do that stuff.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Well, you should --. I f you look good, you ·
dialog: feel good and if you feel good, you
dialog: project joy into the world.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Projecting joy is not my job.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: . (sighing)
dialog: Fine. Sorry I brought it up.
text: She puts the cream back in her purse. They ride in silence
dialog: fo r a moment. Then --
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You really think I ' m attractive?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: For a butt-head? Yes.
text: She smiles at him. .
scene_heading: 100 EXT. HARVARD CAMPUS - NIGHT 100
text: Elle walks down the sidewalk to her dorm, approaching Dorky
text: David as he tries to ask out a FRESHMAN GIRL who thinks she's
text: a lot cuter than she actually is. She stands with her
dialog: freshman friends.
speaker_heading: - DORKY DAVID
dialog: So -- I called your room last night.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL
dialog: (cold) '
dialog: I heard. .
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: I was thinking maybe we could go out
dialog: sometime.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 100 100
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL
dialog: Uh, n o . . . you're a dork.
text: turns back to her FRIENDS who all laugh at him. Elle
text: winces as she passes.
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: I ' m in law school --
text: The Freshman Girl turns back to him.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL
dialog: Look -- I ' m not going out with you. I
dialog: can't believe you'd even ask. Girls like
dialog: me don't go out with losers like you.
text: Her friends snicker. Elle stops at this and sighs,
text: acknowledging to herself that she has to help this guy. She
text: turns and marches back, SLAPPING Dorky David across the face.
text: Dorky David is stunned, as is the Freshman Girl.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Why didn't you call me?
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: We spend a beautiful night together and
dialog: then I never hear from you again?
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: I -- uh --
text: Elle signals with her eyes for him to go along with it.
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: F or what? Breaking my heart or ruining sex for me
dialog: with any other man?
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: U h -- both?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Forget it. I've already spent too many
dialog: hours crying over you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
dialog: 100 ( 2 ) 100
text: She rushes off. Dorky David and the Freshman Girl and her
text: friends watch Elle go. After a moment, the girl turns to David.
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL
dialog: So, urn, when did you wanna go out?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER GIRL
dialog: I ' m free on Friday.
text: W al k in g away, Elle hears this and smiles.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY 101
text: P e op le ascend the wide courthouse steps.
speaker_heading: BA ILIF F (O.S.)
text: Th e first district court is now in session.
dialog: Th e honorable Judge William R. Ptak presiding.
scene_heading: 102 INT. COURTROOM - DAY .102
text: T he DA grills Mrs. Windham Vandermark.
scene_heading: D A JOYCE RAFFERTY
dialog: A nd what was the defendant doing?
scene_heading: M R S. WINDHAM VANDERMARK
text: S it ti n g next to the pool topless, while
dialog: th e Latin boy handed her a drink.
speaker_heading: C UT TO:
scene_heading: 103 INT. COURTROOM - DAY 103
text: DA Rafferty continues her grilling.
speaker_heading: DA JOYCE RAFFERTY
dialog: A n d where was she exactly?
text: T h i s time -- Chutney is on the stand.
speaker_heading: C HU TN E Y
text: St and in g over my father's dead body.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 104 INT. COURTROOM - DAY 104
text: CLOSE ON a tiny Speedo thong .
speaker_heading: DA JOYCE RAFFERTY (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Salvatore, can you tell us what this
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
dialog: 104 104
text: We PULL BACK to reveal that the DA is holding it up as she
dialog: questions Enrique.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: My uniform.
speaker_heading: DA JOYCE RAFFERTY
dialog: This is the uniform that Mrs. Windham
dialog: asked you to wear while cleaning her
dialog: pool?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DA JOYCE RAFFERTY
dialog: And are you or are you not, having an
dialog: affair with Brooke Windham?
text: Enrique shifts in his seat.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Define affair.
speaker_heading: DA JOYCE RAFFERTY
dialog: Have you inserted your genitalia into
dialog: hers?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Objection --
speaker_heading: DA JOYCE RAFFERTY
dialog: (to Enrique)
dialog: Have you and Mrs. Windham had sexual
dialog: relations?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Y es! Okay? Yes!
text: The courtroom gasps. Elle looks over at Brooke, who's
text: shaking her head, outraged.
scene_heading: 105 INT. COURTROOM - MOMENTS LATER 105
text: Everyone files out. As Brooke is being led away, she turns
dialog: to Elle.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I'm not having an affair with Enrique --
dialog: you know a Delta Gamma would never sleep
dialog: with a man who wears a thong! I just
dialog: liked watching him bend over to clean the
dialog: f i lt e r --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
dialog: 105 105
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I believe you! Don't worry.
text: Brooke is taken away.
scene_heading: 106 INT. ELLE'S DORM ROOM - NIGHT 106
text: Elle, in sweats and a pony-tail, pours over a mammoth-sized
text: deposition. A KNOCK sounds.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Come in.
text: Sarah enters.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (re the depo)
dialog: You done with that yet?
text: Elle hands the deposition over.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Take it. I've read it twenty times.
text: She grabs another one off of the stack and begins reading.
text: Sarah lingers.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I believe her, too. I don't think she's
text: having an affair with Enrique.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Too bad you and I are the only ones.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I ' m still can't believe you didn't tell
dialog: Donovan the alibi.
text: Elle looks up, defensive.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: It's not my alibi to tell --
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I know. I thought that was very --
dialog: classy of you. .
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Really? Thanks.
text: Sarah starts to go, then stops.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 106 106
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: y Have you ever noticed that Donovan never
dialog: asks Warner to bring him coffee? He's
dialog: asked me at least a dozen times.
text: Elle shrugs.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Men are helpless. You know that.
text: Sarah lingers, leaning on the edge of the couch.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Warner can't even do his own laundry.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I know. He has it sent out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: -
dialog: Did you know he got wait-listed when he
dialog: appli ed? His father had to make a call.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: You're kidding!
text: A KNOCK sounds on the open door and Margot and Serena poke
text: their heads in.
speaker_heading: MARGOT AND SERENA
dialog: Surprise!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Oh, my God! ' -.
text: Sarah watches as Elle jumps up to hug the girls, who each
text: have a bottle of Veuve Cliquot in their hands.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What're you doing here?!
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: We're on our way to the bridal show in
dialog: New York so we thought we'd rescue you
dialog: from law school for the night.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: (tempting her)
dialog: We have a limo downstairs and lots more
dialog: of these.
text: She wiggles her champagne bottle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
dialog: 106 (2) 106
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You guys -- I can't. We're in the middle
dialog: of a trial.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Where's Warner?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (confused)
dialog: At the office ~
text: Margot and Serena look over at her.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Oh, how sweet! You made friends with a
dialog: nerdy girl.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Margot!
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Bring her, too.
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: C'mon. You can wear one of Elle's
dialog: outfits.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: T ha t ' s okay --
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: (to Elle)
dialog: Speaking of which, can you please put on
dialog: some party clothes? You look like
dialog: someone rolled you in something sticky
dialog: and dragged you through a K-Mart.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (torn)
dialog: I can't believe you guys are actually
dialog: here -- but this case is important. I'll
dialog: make it up to you after finals, okay? I
dialog: -- promise. I really want to do a good job.
text: Margot and Serena stare at her, realizing she means it.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Okay. . . Call us if you change your mind.
text: They start to head out. Margot hands Sa-rah the bottle of champagne.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
dialog: 106 (3) 106
text: She spots The Rock on Sarah's finger and grabs her hand.
speaker_heading: MARGOT (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Jesus. Talk about a Rock. You must be
dialog: better in bed than you look.
text: Elle hustles them out the door.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I'll call you as soon as it's over, okay?
dialog: Sisters forever?
speaker_heading: MARGOT AND SERENA
dialog: Sister forever.
text: She shuts the door behind them. Then looks at Sarah.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sorry about that.
text: Sarah sets down the Veuve.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Save it.
text: She smiles at Elle.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: We'll drink it after we win.
text: Elle smiles .
scene_heading: 107 INT. BEAUTY OASIS - DAY 107
text: Paulette arranges a nail polish display by the door.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY (O.S.)
dialog: I've got a big one for you.
text: Paulette freezes and slowly turns to find UPS Guy holding out
text: a big package.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you sign?
text: He hands her the computerized tablet and as he does, the pen
text: velcroed to the side falls off.
text: Paulette watches as it FALLS IN SLO-MO. Realizing that now
dialog: is the perfect time to try the Bend &amp; Snap.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
dialog: 107 107
text: She bends slowly, tush out, knee cocked. She grabs the pen
text: and as she prepares to Snap back up, UPS Guy leans over to
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Got it?
text: Not realizing he's leaning over, she SNAPS back up --
text: CLOCKING him in the NOSE with her head.
text: He reels backward, holding his nose, blood flowing as
text: Paulette stares at him-in horror.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: Oh my God!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 108 INT. COURTHOUSE - HALLWAY - DAY 108
text: Elle waits in line for the water fountain, talking on her
dialog: cell phone.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You broke his nose?!
text: We INTERCUT with Paulette as she watches- UPS Guy being
text: carried out by paramedics on a gurney. The ladies of the
text: shop flutter around him, concerned.
speaker_heading: UPS GUY
dialog: I 'm okay --
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: I think he noticed me, Elle --
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: But only because I maimed him!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (consoling)
dialog: I'll be over right after the trial, okay?
text: We're about to cross- examine Enrique.
dialog: And don't worry! My friend Serena barfed
dialog: on a guy during "The Blair Witch Project"
text: and end up dating him for three months.
text: She hangs up. Enrique cuts in front of her in line for the
text: water fountain. She glares at him, tapping her foot.
text: He finishes getting his drink and turns, looking at her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 108 108
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Don't stomp your little Prada sandals at
dialog: me, Miss Thing.
text: He walks past, as.Elle gapes at him. Realizing.
scene_heading: 109 INT. COURTROOM - DAY - MOMENTS LATER 109
text: Elle grabs Emmett's arm as he whispers with Donovan.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: He's gay! Enrique is gay!
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: What?!
text: She grabs Warner as he's passing.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Warner, what kind of shoes do I have on?
text: He looks down at her Prada sandals.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: Pink ones.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: See?
text: Donovan frowns, not seeing.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: He's gay -- he isn't Brooke's lover!
dialog: He's making it up. Whoever killed
text: Heyworth is paying him off.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Back up. How do you know he's gay?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Gay men know designers. Straight men
dialog: don't.
text: She points at Warner, who shrugs. Brooke leans over.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Enrique's gay. I ' m sure of it.'
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
dialog: 109 109
speaker_heading: BROOKE
text: He did leave a Cher tape in the pool
dialog: house once --
text: Donovan scoffs.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: While I appreciate your masterful legal
dialog: theory, I have a murder trial to attend
dialog: to.
text: He grabs Emmett's arm and pulls him aside as they confer on
text: more serious matters. Emmett looks at her as if to say
text: "Sorry", before he looks back at Donovan.
text: Brooke looks at Donovan, then back at Elle, rolling her eyes.
text: Elle sits down, pissed. Warner is next to her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Thanks for the backup.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: How was I supposed to know what kind of
dialog: shoes you had on?
text: She looks at him like he's a complete idiot, as the judge
text: takes his seat.
scene_heading: 110 INT. COURTROOM - MOMENTS LATER - DAY 110
text: Donovan is in front of Enrique, who is at the stand.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Mr. Salvatore, do you have any proof that
dialog: you and Mrs. Windham were having an
dialog: affair?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Just the love in my heart.
text: Women in the audience openly sigh. Elle makes a puke
text: gesture. Enid concurs.
text: Donovan smiles a smug smile.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: If that's all the proof that he has, your
dialog: Honor, I think I'm done here.
text: Emmett stands.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I have a couple of questions, Your Honor?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 110 110
text: Donovan glares at him.
speaker_heading: EMMETT (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; sotto to Donovan)
dialog: Give me two minutes.
text: He approaches Enrique and starts firing questions at rapid
dialog: speed.
speaker_heading: EMMETT (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Did you ever take Mrs. Windham on a date?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
text: A restaurant in Oakland. Where no one
dialog: would recognize us.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: And how long have you been sleeping with
dialog: Mrs. Windham?
speaker_heading: . ENRIQUE
dialog: Three months.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: And what is your boyfriend's name?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Chuck.
text: The audience lets out a gasp. Elle looks up, shocked, then
dialog: delighted.
text: Enrique begins to sweat.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I ' m sorry, I misunderstood. Chuck is
dialog: just a friend.
text: CHUCK, scrawny and angry, stands up in the audience.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: If I ' m just your friend, why have we been
dialog: doing the slippy-slap every night for the
dialog: past six months?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
dialog: 110 (2) 110
text: The courtroom ERUPTS and the judge bangs the gavel.
text: Elle smiles victoriously from her seat. Emmett grins back at
dialog: her.
text: Donovan shakes his head, smiling in amazement.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY 111
text: Elle and Emmett walk down the stairs together in high
text: spirits. Donovan catches up.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Good work today, Ms. Woods.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Thank you!
text: He walks on. She looks at Emmett, excited. He high-fives
dialog: her.
scene_heading: 112 INT. BEAUTY OASIS - NIGHT 112
text: Paulette is closing up as Elle follows her around.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: (in a giddy, rush)
text: And after they set his nose, he came back
dialog: for his truck and I offered to drive for
dialog: him since he was still on pain-killers
dialog: and we spent the whole afternoon
dialog: together! He was unconscious for part of
dialog: it, but it was really fun!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (hugging Paulette)
dialog: I ' m so happy for you!
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: How'd it go at the trial?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Great. Donovan actually said the words
dialog: "Good work, Ms. Woods". He takes me
dialog: seriously! Can you believe it?
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: Of course I can believe it. You're going
dialog: to make a great lawyer.
text: Paulette looks at Elle. Emotional.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 112 112
speaker_heading: PAULETTE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Elle, you've changed my life. You are
dialog: the kindest, most wonderful angel.
dialog: Without you, I wouldn't have Rufus or a
dialog: dinner date. Now go and share your
dialog: goodness with the world while I stay here
dialog: and have my hoo-hoo waxed.
scene_heading: 113 INT. AUSTEN, JARET, PLATT AND DONOVAN - HALLWAY - NIGHT 113
text: Elle passes Sarah, who carries a stack of depos into the
text: conference room to Dick and Bobby.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Donovan asked to see you before you · '
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: He's already got his coffee -- maybe he
dialog: needs a donut.
text: They share a smile as Elle walks over to Donovan's glass-
text: walled office and knocks on the door. Nervous.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Come on in.
text: He beckons her inside, and she goes, shutting the door behind
dialog: her.
scene_heading: 114 INT. DONOVAN'S OFFICE - NIGHT 114
text: He's behind his desk. He motions for her to sit in one of
text: the two chairs opposite him.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Sit down.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: You followed your intuition today and you
dialog: . were right on target. I should"ve
dialog: listened.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
dialog: 114 114
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Ab ou t the alibi --
text: She sighs,
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I ' m sorry, but --
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: I ' m impressed that you took the
dialog: initiative to go there and get it. That's
dialog: what makes a good lawyer. And on top of
dialog: that, you gained the client's trust and
dialog: kept it.. That' s what makes a great
dialog: lawyer. You're smart, Elle. Smarter than ·· .
dialog: most of the guys I have on my payroll.
text: Elle is overwhelmed by his praise.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Wow. That means so much to me to hear you
dialog: say that.
text: Donovan walks around his desk and sits in the chair opposite
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I think it's time discuss your career
dialog: path. Have you thought about where you
dialog: might be a summer associate?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (still overwhelmed)
dialog: Not really. I know how competitive it . ·.
dialog: a l l is --
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: You know what competition is really
dialog: about, don't you?
text: Eager for his knowledge, Elle is on the edge of her seat. He
text: leans in.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's about ferocity. Carnage.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
dialog: 114 (2) 114
speaker_heading: DONOVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Balancing human intelligence with animal
dialog: diligence. Knowing exactly what you want
dialog: and how far you'll go to get it. How far
dialog: will Elle go?
text: As he says the last sentence, he SLIDES his hand UP HER
speaker_heading: THIGH.
scene_heading: 115 OUTSIDE DONOVAN'S OFFICE 115
text: Sarah walks down the hallway, glancing in Donovan's office to see --
speaker_heading: H E R POV --
text: Donovan's hand sliding up Elle's skirt. She shakes her head
text: in disgust, &amp; heads off- NOT SEEING
scene_heading: 116 INT. DONOVAN'S OFFICE 116
text: Elle stares at Donovan in horror, then grabs his hand --
text: stopping its journey upward.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (upset)
dialog: You're hitting on me?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: You're a beautiful girl, Elle.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: So everything you just said --?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I ' m a man who knows what I want.
text: Elle rises, stung. She stares at him for a beat.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: And I ' m a law student who's finally
dialog: realized her professor is a pathetic
dialog: asshole.
text: She walks out.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Too bad. I thought you were a law
dialog: student who wanted to be a lawyer.
text: Elle keeps walking.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: 117 INT. AUSTEN, JARET, PLATT ETC. - ELEVATOR - MOMENT LATER 117
text: Elle is in the elevator. Flushed and upset. As the doors
text: start to close, Sarah sticks her arm in, blocking them.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You almost had me fooled.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Maybe you should sleep with the judge
dialog: too. Then we can win the case.
text: Sarah steps back, letting the doors shut.
scene_heading: 118 INT. BUILDING LOBBY - NIGHT 118
text: Elle stomps out of the elevator, as Emmett gets in.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: He y --
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I'm quitting.
text: She marches past. He follows, catching up.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Whoa -- Why?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Law school was a mistake. Getting this
dialog: internship was a mistake.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: What're you talking about? You earned
dialog: it-
text: She snorts.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I didn't earn anything. I got this
dialog: internship because Donovan liked the way
dialog: I looked. Which he made clear .tonight
dialog: when he tried to feel me up.
text: Emmett looks pissed as he processes this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: . 102.
dialog: 118 118
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (mind reeling)
dialog: So now you're --?
speaker_heading: . ELLE
dialog: Going back to LA. Maybe I can fulfill my
text: destiny as a useless bimbo and join the
dialog: Swedish Bikini Team. No more navy blue
dialog: suits. No more panty-hose. No more
dialog: trying to be something I ' m not.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: What if you're trying to be something you
dialog: are? The hell with Donovan. Stay.
text: She stops, giving him a sad smile.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Thanks for not treating me the way
dialog: everyone else here does. Call me if
dialog: you're ever in California.
text: She walks out. Emmett watches her go, hating it.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. BEAUTY OASIS - NIGHT 119
text: Elle's Boxster, packed with suitcases and the potted palm,
text: pulls up.
scene_heading: 120 INT. BEAUTY OASIS - NIGHT 120
text: Elle sits in front of Paulette, dejected. Not even bothering
text: with a manicure.
speaker_heading: PAULETTE
dialog: (upset)
dialog: You can't go home!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What's the point of staying? All people
dialog: see when they look at me is blonde hair
dialog: and big boobs. No one's ever going to
dialog: take me seriously. The people at law
dialog: s chool don't, Warner doesn't -- I don't
dialog: even think my parents take me seriously.
dialog: They wanted me to grow up and become a
text: Victoria's Secret model who marries a
text: rock star. Now, for the first time, it
dialog: seemed like someone expected me to do
dialog: something better with my life than wear
dialog: underwear for a living. But I was kidding
dialog: mys elf -- Donovan didn't see me as a
dialog: lawyer. He saw me as a piece of ass.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 120 120
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just like everyone else. It turns out, I
dialog: am a j oke.
text: She stands up.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The hell with law school. I just came to
dialog: say goodbye.
scene_heading: IN A NEARBY CHAIR
text: Professor Elspeth Stromwell spins around, nails drying,
text: facing Elle.
scene_heading: PROFESSOR STROMWELL
dialog: If you let one stupid prick ruin your
dialog: life, you're not the girl I thought you
dialog: were.
text: Elle looks at her, shocked, as Professor Stromwell stands and
dialog: goes.
scene_heading: 121 INT. JAIL WAITING ROOM - NIGHT 121
text: CLOSE ON A TV -- Donovan is being interviewed is on the
dialog: evening news.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN ON TV
text: Enrique Salvatore has been discredited as a witness.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2 ON TV
dialog: Did you go in there knowing how you were
dialog: going to discredit Mr. Salvatore?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN ON TV
dialog: Absolutely. It's a little thing I like
dialog: to call strategy.
text: He gives the reporters a smug smile.
text: IN THE WAITING ROOM
text: Brooke looks away from the TV. Emmett is next to her,
text: prepping her for the following day.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Is he always such an ass?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (containing himself)
dialog: He's the top defense attorney in the
dialog: state. Of course he's an ass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
dialog: 121 121
dialog: /" "
speaker_heading: "^ BROOKE
dialog: ^..
dialog: ..J But is he an ass that's gonna win my case?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: He's an ass that's gonna try.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: He thinks I ' m guilty, doesn't he?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: That's not what's important.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: To me it is. He doesn't trust me. Why
dialog: should I trust him?
text: Emmett thinks for a moment. Then looks at Brooke.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You're right. Why should you?
scene_heading: 122 EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY 122
text: People enter. Reporters set up their cameras. Dorky David
text: passes by in a suit and tie.
scene_heading: 123 INT. COURTHOUSE - HALLWAY - DAY 123
text: Donovan and Emmett head into the courtroom.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Keep that bitch away from me.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: She's our client.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Not Brooke. Elle.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (blatantly pissed)
dialog: Funny how a woman can turn into a bitch
dialog: just by saying "no".
text: Donovan glares at Emmett as they continue in.
text: Behind them -- SARAH stops in her tracks, having heard all of
dialog: this.
scene_heading: 124 INT. COURTROOM - MOMENTS LATER 124
text: /·""""·', Donovan takes his seat next to Brooke. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: v_ J
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
dialog: 124 124
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What're you so happy about? You're on
dialog: trial for murder.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Get up.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: You're fired. I have new representation.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Who?
text: The door of the courtroom BANGS open and ELLE STRIDES IN,
text: dressed in a Prada mini-dress, Underdog in her purse. She
text: blows a bubble, lets it pop, then sets her briefcase down
text: next to Donovan's.
dialog: ·
speaker_heading: ' ELLE
dialog: (to Donovan)
dialog: Excuse you. You're in my way.
text: She nudges him aside. Donovan looks at Brooke.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: She's a law student. She can't defend
dialog: you.
text: Dorky David steps up, holding out a marked casebook. ·
speaker_heading: DORKY DAVID
dialog: Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Rule .
dialog: 3:03.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to Donovan) -
dialog: See?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
text: Counselors, approach the bench.
text: Elle starts to head up.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: You're not going up there.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Yes, I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
dialog: 124 ( 2 ) 124
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: (to Donovan)
dialog: I don't think you heard me. You're fired.
dialog: She's my lawyer.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Counselors, now. All of you.
text: Elle, Donovan and Emmett head up, as does the DA. Elle hands
dialog: the judge the case book.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Elle Woods, your honor. Rule 3:03 of the
dialog: Supreme Judicial Court states that a law ·
dialog: student may appear on behalf of a
dialog: defendant in criminal proceedings.
speaker_heading: DA JOYCE RAFFERTY
dialog: (stoked)
dialog: I have no problem with this.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I do. I'm not allowing it.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: But you agreed last night. In the
dialog: office? When we were discussing my
dialog: "career"?
text: The implication lingers in the air, as Donovan glares at her.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (reading the casebook)
dialog: The ruling also states that you need a
dialog: licensed attorney to supervise you. Mr.
dialog: Donovan?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: That, I won't agree to.
text: Emmett steps forward.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I ' m supervising, Your Honor.
text: Elle smiles at him. Donovan looks from Emmett to Elle,
text: completely derailed.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Well, then, Ms. Woods. Proceed.
text: Elle walks back to the table with a grin. Warner looks shocked.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
dialog: 124 ( (3) 124
speaker_heading: IN THE AUDIENCE
text: Paulette beams, the UPS Guy in the nose brace, next to her.
text: Serena and Margot, now in attendance, STAND clapping and
text: squealing in a completely inappropriate way.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Go, Elle!
text: Donovan takes a seat in the audience. As he passes by Brooke:
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Enjoy prison.
text: The judge looks at Brooke.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mrs. Windham, you do realize what you're
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Absolutely.
text: As Donovan sits, Margot leans over.
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Don't fuck with a Delta Gamma.
text: AT THE DEFENSE TABLE
text: Sarah leans forward to Elle, who gathers her notes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Kick some butt.
text: Elle looks at her, surprised.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Ms. Woods, call your first witness.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I'd like to recall Chutney Windham as a
dialog: defense witness.
text: The crowd murmurs. Donovan rolls his eyes.
scene_heading: 125 INT. COURTROOM - DAY - MOMENTS LATER 125
text: Chutney takes her hand off of the Bible and sits.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Ms. Woods, begin your questioning.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 9/18/2000 Revision (Pink) 108.
speaker_heading: 125 125
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: First, your Honor, I ' d like to point out
dialog: that not only is there no proof in this
dialog: case, but there's a complete lack of mens
dialog: rea, which by definition tells us that
dialog: there is no crime without a vicious will.
text: The DA rolls her eyes, as do the lawyers present.
speaker_heading: JUDGE ·
dialog: I am aware of the meaning of mens rea.
dialog: What I am unaware of is why you're giving
dialog: me a vocabulary lesson instead of
dialog: questioning your witness.
text: Flustered, Elle turns to Chutney.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Okay -- Ms. Windham, when you uh arrived
dialog: back at the house? Was your father there?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: Not that I saw. But like I said, I went
dialog: straight upstairs to take a shower. ' ,
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: And when you came downstairs, what happened?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
text: I saw Brooke standing over his body,
text: drenched in his blood.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: But Mrs. Windham didn't have a gun?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: No, she'd stashed it by then.
text: Brooke rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Move to strike that from the record, your
dialog: Honor. Speculation.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Stricken.
text: Elle mentally kicks herself for not doing this herself.
text: Eirimett gives her a reassuring nod. She takes a deep breath, ·
text: then continues on.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Did you hear a shot fired?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 9/18/2000 Revision (Pink) 108A.
dialog: 125 (2) 125
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: No. I was in the shower.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: So at some point in the -- twenty
dialog: minutes? -- you were in the shower, your
dialog: father was shot?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: I guess.
text: Elle paces a bit. Underdog watches from her purse on the
text: table, intrigued by her line of questioning.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 9/18/2000 Revision (Pink) 109.
dialog: 125 (3) . 125
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Your father was shot while you were in
dialog: the shower?
text: Gerard looks at Emmett.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Where's she going with this?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Have a little faith.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: But you didn't hear the shot, because you
dialog: were in the shower.
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Yes. I was washing my hair.
text: Elle's onto something, but not sure what. .
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Miss Windham, can you tell us what you'd
dialog: been doing earlier in the day?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: I got up, went to Starbucks, went to the
dialog: gym, got a perm, and came home.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Where you got in the shower.
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I believe the witness has made it clear
dialog: that she was in the shower.
text: People start to murmur. Donovan snickers. Sarah looks
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Yes, Your Honor. Had you ever gotten a . .
dialog: perm before, Miss Windham?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Yes.
text: The beginnings of a smile start to spread across Elle's face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 9/18/2000 Revision (Pink) 109A.
dialog: 125 ( 4 ) . 125
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: How many, would you say?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: Two a year since I was twelve. You do the
dialog: math.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 12 5 (3) 125
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You know, a girl in my sorority, Tracy
dialog: Marcinko, got a perm once. Even though we
dialog: all told her not to ~ curls really
dialog: weren't the right look for her --
dialog: (chummy)
dialog: She didn't have your bone structure.
text: Chutney almost smiles.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But, thankfully, that same day, she
dialog: entered the Pi Kap wet t-shirt contest
text: where she was completely hosed down from
dialog: head to toe.
text: Donovan shakes his head at her incompetence.
speaker_heading: DA JOYCE RAFFERTY
dialog: Objection. Why is this relevant?
text: Emmett clears his throat, worried. Elle turns around, giving
text: him a "trust me" look. Then turns back to the judge.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (to the judge)
dialog: I have a point. I promise.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Then make it.
text: Elle looks at Chutney. ..
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Chutney, why is it that Tracy Marcinko's
dialog: curls were ruined when she got hosed
dialog: down?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: Because they got wet.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: That's right. Because isn't the first
dialog: cardinal rule of perm maintenance that
dialog: you are forbidden to wet your hair for at
dialog: least twenty-four hours after getting a
dialog: perm at the risk of de-activating the
dialog: ammonium thiglycolate?
text: Chutney pales.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 125 ( 4 ) 125
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: Yes --
text: Elle continues.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: And wouldn't someone who's had -- thirty
dialog: perms ? -- throughout her lifetime, be
dialog: well aware of this rule?
text: Chutney doesn't answer. She just glares at Brooke.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And if you, in fact, were not washing
dialog: your hair, as I suspect you were not,
dialog: since your curls are still intact,
dialog: wouldn't you have heard the gunshot?
text: Chutney continues to glare.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And if you in fact, heard the gunshot,
dialog: then Brooke Windham wouldn't have had
dialog: time to hide the gun before you got
dialog: downstairs. Which would mean that you
dialog: would've had to have found Mrs. Windham
dialog: with a gun in her hand to make your story
dialog: sound plausible. Isn't that right?
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: She's younger than I am. Did she tell
dialog: you that? How would you feel if your
dialog: father married someone younger than you?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You, however, had time to hide the gun,
dialog: didn't you, Chutney? After you shot your
dialog: father?
text: Brooke looks at Chutney in horror, realizing.
speaker_heading: CHUTNEY
dialog: I didn't mean to shoot him -- ·
dialog: (to Brooke)
dialog: I meant to shoot you!
text: Pandemonium erupts. The gavel pounds.
dialog: BROOKE .'..'
dialog: I knew it!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 125 (5) 125
text: Elle looks at Emmet t., elated at what's just happened.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Oh, my God!
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (even more shocked)
dialog: Oh, my G^d.! !
scene_heading: 126 INT. COURTHOUSE FOYER - DAY 126
text: Reporters mob Elle and Brooke as they make their way out of
dialog: the courtroom.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Elle, how did you know Chutney was lying?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Because she is brilliant.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (humble)
dialog: The rules of haircare are simple and
dialog: finite . Any Cosmo girl would ' ve known .
text: The reporters laugh as they snap pictures of her and a happy
dialog: Brooke.
scene_heading: 127 INT. WOODS' BEL AIR HOME - GYM -SAME TIME 127
text: CLOS E ON THE TV -- the channels change: golf -- a commercial -
dialog: - Elle in the courthouse.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (O.S.)
dialog: What the --?
text: Daniel, Elle 's father, watches TV as he does his morning
text: workout on the treadmill.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Honey, stop!
dialog: (proud)
dialog: Bile's on TV!
text: He looks next to him, where Sapphire is upside down on a yoga
text: inversion machine.
text: SAPPHIRE'S POV -- the upside-down television with Elle on it.
speaker_heading: SAPPHIRE
dialog: Oh, my God! What happened to her tan? '
dialog: -
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: 128 INT. COURTHOUSE FOYER - MOMENTS LATER 128
text: As the reporters continue to mob Brooke, Elle steps aside to
dialog: talk to Serena and Margot. .
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: I wish we could stay longer, but I have a
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I can't believe you're a Laker Girl!
speaker_heading: MARGOT
dialog: Hello! You're like, a lawyer.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Not yet.
text: Enid walks up to the girls.
speaker_heading: ENID
dialog: (to Elle)
dialog: Even though you knew your shit today --
dialog: you're still a product of the patriarchy
text: and a creation of the male-dominated
dialog: media. And so are your friends.
text: She looks at Serena.
speaker_heading: ENID (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; to Serena)
dialog: Although -- you're kinda hot. Call me.
text: She walks off. Serena looks alarmed.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (hugging them)
dialog: Don't worry. She's harmless. I'll see
dialog: you guys soon! Thanks for coming!
text: She air-kisses them as Margot leads a still shell-shocked
text: Serena away as Emmett walks up to Elle.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. COURTHOUSE STEPS - DAY - LATER' 129
text: Elle looks up at the courthouse as the sun sets behind it.
text: She smiles, proud of herself. ·
speaker_heading: WARNER (O.S.)
dialog: You were amazing today.
text: She turns and finds Warner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
dialog: 129 129
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Thank you.
text: He moves closer.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: It made me realize something. I ' m an
dialog: idiot.
speaker_heading: ELLE .
dialog: Really?
text: He turns on the charm.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: I want to be with you, Elle. Forever.
text: He pulls her close, hand around her waist, kissing her. She
text: looks up at him, a trace of the old love in her eyes. For a
text: moment, she melts.
speaker_heading: ELLE . '
dialog: I want to be with you, too, Warner.
text: After a moment, she steps back, removing his hand from her '
text: waist and wrenching it behind his back.
speaker_heading: ELLE (CONT'D)
text: In court. On opposing sides.
speaker_heading: WARNER
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Are you serious? ·
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Huh. Imagine that. Looks like I am.
text: She walks down the steps. Warner watches her go, then turns
text: to see Sarah, who's witnessed the entire episode. She glares
text: at him, then walks past.
speaker_heading: WARNER .
dialog: Sarah -- hold on. .
text: She shoves him, knocking him on his ass, then rushes to .catch
dialog: up with Elle.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: El le , wait up --
text: Elle turns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
dialog: 129 (2) 129
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (continu ing; sheepish)
dialog: I ' m a bitch.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Yes, you are.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: And Donovan's a-scumbag for coming on to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ' ELLE
dialog: Yes, he is. · .
text: They look at each other in a silent truce.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So -- can we drink that champagne when I
dialog: get back from the pawnshop?
text: She pulls off her engagement ring.
dialog: 
dialog: ELLE .. .
dialog: You're pawning The Rock?!
speaker_heading: SARAH ·
dialog: Hell, yes. We've got finals to study
dialog: for. In Jamaica.
text: She smiles and heads off. Elle smiles, processing this as
dialog: Em me tt approaches Elle. .
speaker_heading: EMMETT ·
dialog: Up for a celebration dinner?
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Are you asking me on a date?
speaker_heading: EMMETT -
dialog: As long as you realize I'm not just some
dialog: man-toy you can show off like a trophy.
speaker_heading: ELLE '
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Then, forget it. Besides, I have an early
dialog: class tomorrow. .
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: So Friday at eight?
text: She smiles at him. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
dialog: 129 ( 3 ) 129
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Perfect.
text: She heads down the stairs, stops and thinks a moment, then
dialog: runs back up --
text: -- Grabbing Emmett in a hellacious KISS. He kisses her back.
text: We CRANE UP as they embrace on the courthouse steps.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 130 EXT. HARVARD LAW SCHOOL QUAD - DAY 130
text: "Welcome Law Students Class of 2004" banners hang over
text: orientation tables. Nervous first year students stand in
dialog: line.
text: We PAN ACROSS a row of club tables -- passing "Harvard Law .
dialog: Journal" and "Environmental Law Association" ·-- until we
text: reach a table that proudly bears the banner of "Blonde Legal
dialog: Defense Club".
text: Elle, in a red 2L t-shirt, stands behind the table,
dialog: 
text: straightening some flyers. UNDERDOG is plopped down on top
text: of the stack. Elle turns to see EMMETT next to her.
dialog: '· ' · · ' .:.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (re Underdog)
dialog: Someone missed you.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Is he the only one?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: What do you think?
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: EMMETT (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; re the crowd)
dialog: Looks like you're pretty popular.
text: Elle smiles, turning back as A NERVOUS 1L GIRL steps up.
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 1L GIRL
dialog: Do you have to be blonde to sign up?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 130 130
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Only blonde at heart.
dialog: (to the girl next to her)
dialog: Right?
text: Elle smiles and looks down at -- the NEWLY BLONDE SARAH.
text: Sarah returns the smile as we PULL BACK to see a CROWD of
text: first year girls gathered around Elle's table, rushing to
text: sign up. Ready to be as blonde as they can be.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 
