speaker_heading: LEGEND
scene_heading: ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY by WILLIAM HJORTSBERG
dialog: 2nd Draft Revised 10 March 1984
scene_heading: 1EXTERIOR FOREST NIGHT
text: Huge trees taper upward like columns supporting the roof of heaven.
text: Moonlit dewdrops spangle a delicate spiderweb. The setting is
text: tranquil and utterly majestic.
text: Over the brow of a distant hill, a pair of brilliant light beams
text: scintillate in an etheral ballet.
text: Numerous small animals gather to behold this wonder. They stand on
text: the hillcrest, staring down as if at the Nativity.
text: Squirrels, quail, hedgehogs, mice, pheasants and badgers, natural
text: enemies untied by the radiant LIGHT.
text: A magnificent stag watches, numbers of tiny songbirds perched in his
text: branching antlers.
scene_heading: 1A EXTERIOR FOREST NIGHT
text: PULL BACK: from the hilltop, through ferns and brambles to a steep
text: embankment where umbrella-sized toadstools cluster.
text: A snarling face APPEARS under a mushroom cap. This is BLIX a brigand
text: goblin hunter. Clad in decrepit armor and slung with savage weapons,
text: he is a terrifying figure.
text: Blix WHISTLES. The SOUND is unexpectedly lovely, a nightingale's
dialog: call.
text: Further back, three other goblins return the BIRDCALL. They bristle
text: with weaponry. POX is a pig-faced fop wearing tattered lace and
text: flithy brocade. Tiny BLUNDER and TIC are both masked by grotesque
text: helmets. Swarms of gnats drone above their hidden heads. They creep
dialog: forward to join Blix.
scene_heading: 1B GOBLIN'S POV : HILLTOP
text: The distant animals silhouetted by dazzling LIGHT.
scene_heading: 1C EXTERIOR FOREST NIGHT
text: Blix signals an advance and the goblins creep through the forest
text: towards the hilltop.
text: A moth lands on a twig two feet from Tic's head. He turns. His
text: incredibly sticky tongue uncoils from within the helmet seizing the
text: moth and retracting with it, quick as a flash.
text: As the goblins near the hilltop, the fantastic LIGHT gradually
text: illuminates their hideous features. A tiny mouse runs out of the
text: eye-slits on Blunder's helmet, circles the crest, and runs back in
text: on the other side.
text: Blix signals silently for the other goblins to spread out.
text: The goblins crawl separately through the underbrush.
text: Pox comes snout to snout with a wild piglet. Terrified, the little
text: shoat SQUEALS and scampers off.
speaker_heading: 2 DELETED
scene_heading: 2A CLOSE : ANIMALS
text: Alerted by the NOISE, they face the impending threat. The startled
text: animals run for cover down the hillside.
speaker_heading: 3 DELETED
scene_heading: 3A EXTERIOR FOREST NIGHT
text: Blix charges forward, brandishing his crossbow.
dialog: BLIX: Kill. . . . !
text: Blix runs over the top of the hill and down into the gully beyond,
text: closely followed by Tic, Pox, and Blunder. Brilliant clumps of
text: forget-me-nots are everywhere, like disgarded jewels.
scene_heading: 3B GOBLIN'S POV : DISTANT FOREST
text: The pair of shining LIGHT BEAMS race away between the trees.
speaker_heading: 4 DELETED
speaker_heading: 5 DELETED
scene_heading: 5A EXTERIOR FOREST NIGHT
text: The goblins watch the LIGHT BEAMS disappear. Blix GROWLS in
dialog: frustration.
text: BLUNDER(musing): . . . . Fast as a hound dog with his ass on fire. .
dialog: . .
text: Blunder spots a SHINING silver hair caught on the bark. He reaches
text: up and plucks it free.
dialog: POX: What's that . . . . ? L-l-let me see, old chap.
dialog: BLUNDER: No! It's mine!
text: Blunder hides the hair behind his back, but Pox quickly grabs the
dialog: other end.
dialog: POX: Give it to m-m-m-me!
text: Both goblins pull on the hair. Miraculously, it does not break, but
text: stretches between them like spun steel.
dialog: BLUNDER: Turn loose, anus features!
dialog: POX: Hard cheese!
text: A furious tug of war. Pox pulls his knife and tries unsuccessfully
dialog: to cut the hair.
dialog: BLUNDER: It's mine you rectum! Mine! Mine!
text: Blix marches up and furiously bangs their heads together. Pox and
text: Blunder fall dazed to the ground.
text: Blix holds the silver hair shining above his head and studies it.
text: BLIX: Disgusting and pure, like a prayer. . ..
dialog: There be magic in this hair.
text: The beast ran off, faster and faster.
dialog: We must take this to our Master.
scene_heading: 6 EXTERIOR VAST LANDSCAPE NIGHT
text: An incredible landscape, fantastically contoured hills rise above
text: the monnbright mist. The four goblins dismount, tie up their devil
text: steeds, and disappear over the brow of a hill.
scene_heading: 6A EXTERIOR HILLSIDE NIGHT
text: The goblins scramble down a steep hillside towards a desolate
text: wasteland below. A mysterious malevolant shape looms on the far
dialog: horizon.
scene_heading: 7 EXTERIOR SINISTER EVERGLADE NIGHT
text: A miasmic Jurassic swamp. Stunted trees rise like amputated limbs
text: from the fetid water.
text: The goblins pick their way across the bog towards a distant island,
text: stepping from submerged logs to crumbled chunks of masonary to
text: floating lily pads.
text: A cracked marble plinth juts out of the water. The goblins creep by
text: a towering skeletal statue playing a bone violin.
scene_heading: 7A EXTERIOR BOG NIGHT
text: A v-shaped ripple undulates past them like the wake of a submerged
dialog: crocodile.
text: Blix unhooks a dead rat from his game belt and tosses it from his
text: game belt and tosses it onto the scummy surface. There is an angry
text: swirl and it is gone.
text: Blix waves the goblins on and they climb onto a huge root twisting
text: out of the water like a petrified serpant.
text: The ominous wake cruises back and forth like a shark. Blunder
text: follows its progress with fear-widened eyes.
dialog: BLUNDER:Wish i was still a leprecaun. . . .
dialog: Stay clear of nasty places
dialog: like this and do nothing all day but
text: sing and dance and guzzle wine in the sunshine. . . .
text: Furious, Blix turns on him, his finger to his lips.
dialog: BLIX: Shhhh!
text: Unchastened, Blunder whirls on Pox and repeats the gesture:
text: BLUNDER: Shhhh!
text: Pox follows suit with Tic:
dialog: POX: Shhhh!
text: Not to be outdone, Tic turns to silence whoever might be behind him.
speaker_heading: TIC: SHHHHH!
scene_heading: 7B EXTERIOR BOG NIGHT
text: HAIRY MEG MUCKLEBONES rises out of the bog, huge and hideous. The
text: water hag is half corpse, half serpant. She seizes Tic and
text: disappears beneath the foul surface. The goblin's final CRY trembles
text: in the chill night air.
scene_heading: 7C EXTERIOR BOG NIGHT
text: Blix, Pox, and Blunder are terrified. They scramble over the twisted
text: root in a wild panic, leaping onto a floating log.
text: BLUNDER: Run. . . . ! Panic. . . . ! Emergency. . . . ?
text: The log rolls beneath their frantic feet. They barely keep their
dialog: balance.
dialog: POX: Frog spit!
text: BLUNDER: Snail Sperm!
dialog: BLIX: All together. . . .now or never!
text: The goblin co-ordinate like tiny lumberjacks, running in unison. The
text: rolling log drifts forward.
dialog: POX: J-j-jolly good! Team spirit and all that!
text: The log runs against the island and the goblins hop ashore.
scene_heading: 8 EXTERIOR GREAT TREE NIGHT
text: An enormous blasted tree crowns the ruins of a forgotten castle.
text: Tangled roots grip the anicient stones like the tenacles of a
text: malformed sea monster. An atmosphere of eternal evil hovers over the
dialog: site.
text: The goblins stare back across the bog.
dialog: BLUNDER: Poor Tic. . . .
text: BLIX(growling with anger): Forget Tic! Less is always more.
dialog: POX: Better we spilt three ways than four!
text: Blix hurries up the crumbling steps. Pox and Blunder follow.
text: The steps lead under gigantic twisting roots. Blix finds a small
text: opening and slips inside.
text: Pox and Blunder like this less and less but follow their leader
dialog: without complaint.
scene_heading: 9 INTERIOR GREAT TREE NIGHT
text: The three goblins tumble down a steep slope. The giant tree is a
text: vast hollow stump, open to a moonlit sky, surrounding a smaller tree
text: transfixed by a curved bronze horn, an instrument of unspeakable
dialog: evil.
text: Pox and Blunder stare up like open-mouthed tourists. Blix is
text: impatient.
text: BLIX: Boost me. . . . ! Hurry. . . . ! We must sound the summons
dialog: before the dawn. . . .
text: The three goblins form a teetering ladder with Blix wobbling at the
text: top and Blunder crushed at the bottom.
text: Blix blows into the horn with all his might. Nothing happens.
text: Suddenly, he breaks wind!
text: Pox and Blunder grimace.
text: Blix blows again into the horn.
text: There is no sound. Dead leaves and dust puff out of the bell,
text: followed by three SQUEALING bats.
text: The supporting goblins wobble. Pox steps on Blunder's head.
text: Blix blows a third time into the great horn.
text: The unholy SOUND reverbarates like the wailing of all the doomed
text: souls in Purgatiory.
scene_heading: 10 EXTERIOR FOREST(VARIOUS ANGLES) NIGHT
text: As the evil SOUND moans, the forest creatures react with terror.
text: Squirrels, rabbits, and mice dart fearfully for cover. Birds flock
text: to their nests. Only the night creatures, the wolves, weasels, and
text: owls perk up thier ears to listen.
scene_heading: 11 INTERIOR GREAT TREE NIGHT
text: The three goblins cower terrified among the gnarled roots.
dialog: BLUNDER: Now what. . . . ?
dialog: BLIX: We sit. . . . We wait. . . . That be our fate!
scene_heading: 11A EXTERIOR GREAT TREE NIGHT
text: The goblins wait up on the upper platform of the ruined castle. Blix
text: sits apart from the others, staring out across at the bog. The light
text: of a campfire casts their shifting shadows against the huge trunk of
text: the hollow tree.
text: Blix plays with the silver hair.
text: BLIX(to himself): Moving silent like the breeze.
text: Soft as shadows, still as trees,
dialog: Darkness be in all we sees.
text: He lives in silence, he lives in fire,
text: He lives in all that's dark and dire.
text: A mysterious floating shape approaches out of the distance. It is a
text: black cloak, wafting through the mist like an airborne manta ray.
scene_heading: 12 EXTERIOR BOG NIGHT
text: The flying cloak wraps about the statue of the skeletal fiddler. The
text: wind presses it tight, revealing the skull through the cloth.
text: Suddenly, the statue's head turns to look at the great tree.
scene_heading: 13 EXTERIOR GREAT TREE NIGHT
text: Blix walks to to the edge of the platform, peering into the night.
dialog: BLIX: Look in the gloom, search out the tomb.
dialog: That be where you find our sire.
text: The pedestal is empty. The statue of the fidder has vanished!
text: Blix gets down on his knees, genuflecting, toward the the open bog.
text: The black shadow of the LORD OF DARKNESS falls across him.
text: Darkness towers over the ruined castle platform, a huge horned
text: figure drpaed in bacl cloth. An awesome silence ensues.
text: Blunder and Pox kneel, heaping ashes and dirt upon thier heads.
dialog: BLIX: Hail O great One. . . . divine and dark!
text: Strong like a lion, swift like a shark.
text: Blix offers the silver hair up to Darkness.
dialog: BLIX: Though I'm not worthy of the task Great Lord, I found this for
dialog: your amusment.
text: Blunder leaps to his feet and grabs the hair from Blix.
text: BLUNDER: Don't listen to them mealy-mouthed lies boss. . . . I'm the
dialog: one who found it. . . . Me! Blunder the Bold!
text: There is a bight FLASH OF LIGHT. Blunder HOWLS with pain.
text: Blunder stares at his arm in dismay. His hand is gone, magically
text: replaced by a grotesque birdclaw.
dialog: BLUNDER(stunned): Thank you, Lordship . . . .
text: Blunder experimently clenches and unclenches his new bird claw.
dialog: POX: Quite stylish, actually. . . .
text: Darkness dangles the shining silver hair in front of him.
dialog: DARKNESS: Where. . . . ?
text: BLIX: In the woods, six leagues back,
text: 'Tween Twin Oaks and the Dragon's Track.
dialog: DARKNESS: Did my bold hunters chance to see quarry which
dialog: cast this spoor?
dialog: BLIX: I stalked it, Sire, but much too slow,
dialog: What beast it be I do not know.
text: DARKNESS: This hair is from an angel of light. . . It comes
dialog: this way rarely. . . I must have this creature!
dialog: BLIX: Oh Divine Dark One, teach us how to catch this
dialog: creature.
dialog: POX: Your instruction would be m-m-most
dialog: ap-p-preciated.
dialog: BLUNDER: Amen! I wants to learn! I craves knowledge!
dialog: DARKNESS: No trap of yours will work. . . . There is only
dialog: lure for such disgusting goddness. . . .one bait which never
dialog: fails. . . .
dialog: BLIX: Name the bait, Lord. . . .
dialog: DARKNESS: Innoncence!
scene_heading: 14 EXTERIOR COTTAGE MEADOW DAY
text: A beautiful flower-spangled meadow alive with songbirds.
text: Baby rabbits frolic in the tall grass where industrious squirrels
text: forage for acorns and nuts.
text: A delicate fawn gambols under the watchful eye of the doe. Clouds of
text: multi-hued butterflies swirl overhead.
text: Waist-deep in flower, a young princess skips SINGING across the
text: meadow. Her name is LILI. She wears splendid brocades and carries a
text: bouquet wrapped in a lace napkin. Like these blossoms, she is
text: beautiful and fresh and innocent.
text: Tiny birds fly down and land on her head and shoulders. She laughs
text: as a warbling wren takes a seed from her lips.
dialog: LILI(singing): Come down sparrow, sing me good morning.
text: Rise up sun, light the arch of the sky.
dialog: Living river, turn light to diamonds,
dialog: When I look in my true love's eyes.
text: Lili runs towards a distant thatched-roofed cottage.
scene_heading: 15 EXTERIOR BOULDER AT EDGE OF WOODS DAY
text: Blix, Pox, and Blunder hide behind a boulder, watching the girl.
dialog: BLIX(whipering): Darkness say the perfect lure Always be a virgin
dialog: pure. . . .
scene_heading: 15A EXTERIOR COTTAGE AT EDGE OF WOODS DAY
text: The WOODCARVER'S WIFE is hangin up the washing when Lili sneaks from
text: behind the cottage.
text: Grinning micheviously, Lili unfastens one end of the clothes-line
text: and lets it drop.
text: The laundry flutters onto the new-mown grass, A sheet drpaes around
text: the outraged wife.
dialog: WIFE: Dad-blamed faeries!
scene_heading: 16 INTERIOR COTTAGE DAY
text: The cottage is snug and homey with smoke-blackened beams and hand-
text: pegged furniture. A WOODCARVER sleeps by his bench surrounded by
text: wood-shavings and roughed-out toys.
text: Lili steps into the sunlight streaming through the open doorway. Her
text: beauty is etheral, an angel descending.
text: Finches peck at newly-made tarts laid on a trestle table to cool.
text: They rise to the rafters as at Lili's approach.
text: The Princess peeks around the room. She tiptoes to the hearth and
text: lifts the stewpot lid, dipping a finger in for a taste.
text: Spying the tarts, she grabs one and eats it hurriedly, leaving a
text: telltale crumb on her upper lip.
text: The clock tolls the hour. A carved wooden maiden piroettes from the
text: interior, pursued by a skeletal fiddler playing a bone fiddle. Lili
text: is fancinated.
text: The Woodcarver's Wife enters. She curtsies to the Princess.
dialog: WIFE: God Bless Your Highness. A royal visit is ever a joy.
dialog: LILI: I've not come to visit, Nell
dialog: WIFE: Won't you stay for a tart?
text: Nell pulls a tray from the oven.
dialog: WIFE(cont): They're fresh-baked.
dialog: LILI: I've no time today.
text: WIFE(teasing): The Princess must have a sweetheart waiting.
speaker_heading: LILI: Nonsense!
dialog: WIFE: Surely the king forbids such folly
dialog: LILI: What my father doesn't know won't hurt him.
text: WIFE: The wilful heart invites despair,
text: Like blind men creeping in a dragon's lair.
text: With Nell's back turned, Lili steals another tart, hiding it among
text: the flowers in her bouquet.
dialog: LILI: Neither country provebs nor king's command can keep me
text: out of the woods today.
dialog: WIFE: Then it's common sense ought. These woods be thick
dialog: with spriggen and banshee!
dialog: LILI: Is that why you've hung a bell over the door?
dialog: WIFE: Aye, and spread the floor with flax and salt. My babe
dialog: won't be stole by faeries.
text: The Princess starts merrily for the sun-bright doorway.
dialog: LILI(laughing): More salt, Nell. . . .! You'll worry
dialog: yourself to death if you're not careful.
text: Lili runs out like a naughty child. The Woodcarver's Wife
text: leans against the door jamb and calls after her:
dialog: WIFE: Beware of toadstool rings and willow trees. . . . !
dialog: Stay away from old oaks!
scene_heading: 17 EXTERIOR FOREST PATH TO GLADE DAY
text: Hiding behind a moss-coverd log, Blix, Pox, and Blunder watch
text: Princess Lili run SINGING through the woods, oblivous to any sign of
dialog: danger.
text: BLIX(scowling): May be innocent. . . . May be sweet. . . .
dialog: Ain't half as nice as rotten meat. . . . !
scene_heading: 18 EXTERIOR JACK'S FOREST GLADE DAY
text: A lovely glade surrounded by tall trees, Breathlessly, Lili runs in
text: from the woods. She is familair with this spot. It is her trysting
dialog: place
text: LILI(calling): Jack. . . . ! I know you're here. . . . Jack!
text: Lili looks around in exasperation. Behind her, something wild and
text: mysterious swings through the trees like an animal.
dialog: LILI(cont): Jack? Where are you. . . . ? Answer me!
text: Lili is apprehensive at getting no reply. She hears the RUSTLE of
text: the leaves but does not see the sun-dappled figure leaping from limb
text: to limb overhead.
dialog: LILI(frightened)(cont): Oh, Jack. . . . please say something if
dialog: you're here. . . .
text: JACK O' THE GREEN, a legendry "Green Man" who lives the free life of
text: a hermit in the woods, drops down from a tree behind the Princess,
text: landing without a sound. He is barefoot, about sixteen, and wears
text: woven ivy leaves and skins.
text: Startled, Lili SCREAMS.
dialog: LILI(cont): Jack! You scared the life out of me.
text: Jack says nothing, staring at her shyly. Lili hands him the flowers.
text: A JAY flies down out of the greenery and lands RASPING on Jack's
text: shoulder. He imitates the bird expertedly, The Jay answers him in
dialog: English:
dialog: JAY: She brings a gift as fair as herself.
dialog: Lili LAUGHS, It all seems magic to her.
dialog: LILI: You're so clever, Jack. . . . See what you can find in
dialog: the flowers.
text: Jack pokes in the bouquet and discovers the stolen tart. He stuffs
text: it immediately into his mouth.
text: JACK: Mmmmmmm. . . .
speaker_heading: LILI: Sweet?
dialog: JAY: Sweets from the sweet.
dialog: JACK: I know someone sweeter.
text: Lili blushes.
scene_heading: 19 EXTERIOR ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST DAY
text: Concealed behind the trees, Blix, Pox and Blunder watch the Green
text: Man and the Princess wander down a meandering path.
text: Pox picks a spider from his web, pops it in his mouth, and crunches
text: it down with a happy smile.
scene_heading: 19A EXTERIOR MEANDERING PATH DAY
text: Several birds perch on Jack's head and shoulders. Squirrels, rabbits
text: and hedgehogs play about his feet. Jack feeds them nuts and berries
text: from his pouch, answering their chatter expertedly. Jack understands
dialog: the language of all wild creatures.
text: When a frisky wren flies warbling overhead, Lili hesitantly returns
dialog: its call.
dialog: JACK: That was very good. . . .just right.
dialog: LILI: Teach me rabbit like you promised.
dialog: JACK: Rabbit is much harder than wren.
dialog: LILI: Let me try. I'm a very good student. . . . My father
dialog: thinks I'm brilliant. . .
text: Lili toys with the silver madallion pendant she wears, causing
text: reflected sunlight to shine in Jack's eyes.
dialog: LILI(cont): See how brilliant I am!
text: JACK(laughing): Stop it. . . . ! I can't see!
dialog: LILI: Don't I dazzle you with my wisdom?
text: Lili seems to glow with sunlight. Jack stares at her, rapt with
dialog: love.
dialog: JACK: Much more than wisdom dazzles me.
text: Lili LAUGHS and hangs her madallion around his neck.
dialog: LILI: Then teach me rabbit.
dialog: JACK: Not today. . . . There's something really special I
dialog: promised to show you.
dialog: LILI(delighted): Oh, Jack. Do you mean it?
dialog: JACK: If it pleases you.
dialog: LILI: More than anything!
dialog: JACK: This is their season. They won't pass here again
dialog: for a long, long time. . . . If you want to see them, you
dialog: must do everything I tell you.
dialog: LILI: I swear. . . on my honour!
dialog: JACK: I'm taking you to a very special place. . . it's
dialog: sort of sacred. Nobody but me knows where it is, and,
dialog: well. . . .
dialog: LILI(impatient): What? Tell me!
text: Jack unwraps the lace napkin from Lili's bouquet.
dialog: JACK: You'll have to wear a blindfold.
dialog: LILI(coyly): Don't you trust me, Jack?
dialog: JACK: I'll always trust you, Lili. . . .
scene_heading: 20 EXTERIOR FOREST PATH, GLADE TO STREAM DAY
text: Jack holds Lili's hand, leading her blindfolded along a path through
text: the woods. Distant thunder RUMBLES.
dialog: JACK: Storm's coming. . . .
dialog: LILI: Who cares? Haven't you a cosy place to hide?
dialog: JACK: Many places. . . .None fit for a princess. . . .
dialog: LILI: In these woods you are the prince, Jack. . . .
dialog: I am only a pauper here. . . .
text: Jack turns to face a radiantly smiling Lili. He bends towards her,
text: closer and closer, and, for a moment, seems about to steal a kiss.
text: She waits, smiling, sensing what is about to happen. In the end,
text: Jack's innoncence and timidity get the best of him and he turns
text: away. Without his knowledge Lili lifts a corner of the blindfold and
text: mischievously peeks.
text: 20A EXTERIOR BEHIND A TREE NEAR THE PATH DAY
text: The three goblin peer around a mossy trunk.
text: BLUNDER: Yuck! Did you see what he was gonna do?
dialog: Makes me want to puke!
dialog: BLIX: I swear by all the bats above,
dialog: Nothing's quite so foul as love!
scene_heading: 21 EXTERIOR UNICORN STREAM AND GLADE DAY
text: A sun-glided amphithtre within the darker confines of the forest.
text: Sparkling like a ribbon of diamonds, a stream flows down the middle.
text: Jack leads Lili out of the woods and unties the napkin from around
text: her eyes.
dialog: LILI(aewstruck): Oh, Jack. . . .! It's magic!
scene_heading: 21A EXTERIOR STREAMSIDE SHUBBERY DAY
text: Some time has passed. Lili is uncomfortable and restless.
speaker_heading: LILI: How much longer?
dialog: JACK: Be patient!
text: Lili kneels by the bank of the streem, cupping water into her hands.
text: Jack stops her from drinking.
dialog: LILI: I'm thristy!
text: Jack points at a huge viper moving sinously along the bank.
dialog: JACK: It's poisened the brook.
dialog: No animal will drink here now.
dialog: LILI(indignant): I want some water.
dialog: JACK: Shhh!
dialog: LILI: Don't tell me to be quiet. . . .!
dialog: I'm a princess!
text: Jack pulls Lili back into hiding.
dialog: JACK(very softly): Just watch! True royalty
dialog: approaches. . . .
scene_heading: 22 EXTERIOR THE STREAM (JACK &amp; LILI'S POV) DAY
text: The radiant LIGHT BEAMS GLEAM through the trees. A moment later, a
text: splendid white unicorn moves down the hillside to the edge of the
text: stream. This is a stallion. He holds his head proudly. His mate
text: stands at the edge of the woods.
dialog: LILI(OS): Ohh....They're so beautiful....
text: The unicorn dips his horns into the stream.
text: JACK(OS): The alicorn purifies the water. . . .
text: The stallion watches his mare approach to drink. She is slighter and
text: more delicate, but every inch as mignificent.
dialog: JACK(cont)(OS): There's no creature with more
dialog: power or magic. . . . As long as they roam the earth,
dialog: evil cannot harm the pure of heart. . . .
scene_heading: 23 EXTERIOR LARGE BOULDER OPPOSITE CLEARING DAY
text: The three goblins crouch hiding.
text: BLUNDER(disgusted): Ugly one-horned mules!
dialog: BLIX: Shhh!
scene_heading: 24 EXTERIOR CLEARING DAY
text: The Princess is entranced.
dialog: LILI: Such grace. . . . Can you speak
dialog: their language?
dialog: JACK: A little. . . .it's very hard.
text: Unicorns talk only of love and laughter.
dialog: Dark thoughts are almost impossible for
dialog: them to express.
dialog: LILI: Oh Jack. . . I must touch one.
dialog: JACK(alarmed): No!
dialog: LILI: I want to!
text: Jack restrains the Princess when she attempts to get up from hiding.
dialog: JACK: It is forbidden. These are sacred
dialog: animals.
dialog: LILI: Nothing is forbidden me!
dialog: JACK: Don't ever say that! You risk
dialog: your immortal soul.
text: Lili pulls free and steps into the clearing.
dialog: LILI: You sound like my confessor. . . .
dialog: I only want to touch one.
text: The Princess strides defiantly into the open meadow.
text: The unicorns watch the girl from across the stream. They snort and
text: paw the ground.
text: Lili stands alone, holding her arms to the unicorns.
text: LILI(singing): Like a child feels watching a rainbow.
text: Like a brid feels the first time it flies
text: I feel magic stirring within me,
dialog: When I look in my true love's eyes.
text: The Stallion's nostrils flare. His strong neck arches. Sunlight
text: gleams on his horn as he charges.
text: From Lili's POV the stallion is terrifying as he thunders towards
text: her acroos the stream.
text: The stallion rears and prances, racing around the Princess as if
text: drawn foward on an invisable lead.
text: Jack watches from the underbrush, his outrage tinged with more than
text: a touch of jealously.
scene_heading: 25 EXTERIOR BOULDER DAY
text: Blix, Pox and Blunder peer from their hiding-place. Evil leers
text: brighten their impish features.
dialog: POX(whipering): M-m-might as well be fish
dialog: in a barrel. . . One would hope for a
dialog: t-t-touch more sp-p-port. . . .
text: Blix clamps his hand over Pox's mouth.
dialog: BLIX: Pox! Shut your yap!
scene_heading: 26 EXTERIOR CLEARING DAY
text: The lureof the virgin is too strong for the unicorn to resist. Lili
text: makes no move as the trembling stallion stands before her, the
text: rapier tip of his horn pressed against her breast. It is obvious he
dialog: could kill her is an instant.
text: The Princess calmly reaches out and caresses his muzzle.
text: LILI(singing): When the darkness falls like a curtain
dialog: And the rivers and streams turn to ice,
dialog: I have summer and daylight forever
dialog: When I look in my true love's eyes.
text: Across the stream, the mare paces back and forth, obviously
dialog: agitated.
scene_heading: 27 EXTERIOR BEHIND THE BOULDER DAY
text: Blix pulls a long black flute from his quiver. He takes a dried
text: hornet from a black snail-shell with a hinged lid and slips it into
text: his flute, aiming the instrument like a blowgun.
dialog: BLUNDER: Steady....take your time....
dialog: Don't miss...
text: Blix silences the foolish golbin with a ferocious scowl. His cheeks
text: puff. There is a soft PHUT of expelled breath.
scene_heading: 28 EXTERIOR CENTRE OF CLEARING DAY
text: The poisened hornet sails the air and strikes the hornet on the
dialog: haunch.
text: Stung, the unicorn bolts through the clearing, disappearing into the
text: undergrowth with the mare hard on his heels.
text: The Princess stands be confused and bewildered.
text: Distant THUNDER disturbs the tranquility.
text: Jack rushes to Lili's side.
dialog: LILI: Oh, Jack, it was so lovely...
text: like a dream.
dialog: JACK(angry): You're lucky it wasn't a
dialog: nightmare!
dialog: LILI: Don't be such a scold.... Come,
dialog: I'll chase your fears away.
text: The Princess takes Jack by the hand and leads him from the clearing.
scene_heading: 29 EXTERIOR FOREST (UNICORN HUNT) DAY
text: The unicorns plunge through brambles and fern clumps. Leaping a
text: deadfall log, the stallion stumbles. He struggles to his feet and
text: continues running.
text: The three goblins gallop pell-mell on their devilish steeds. There
dialog: is nothing comical about them now.
scene_heading: 30 EXTERIOR RING POND DAY
text: Jack and Lili sit atop a high promontory jutting over a crystalline
dialog: pond.
dialog: LILI: Sweet William did a-hunting go,
text: In the wood where faeries dwell.
dialog: From dawn to dusk roamed he to and fro,
dialog: Lost, O lost, all under thier spell.
scene_heading: 31 EXTERIOR FOREST (UNICORN HUNT) DAY
text: The stallion stagger, his gait increasingly unstable as the poisen
dialog: takes effect.
text: The mare nuzzle his flank where the envenomed hornet struck. It is a
text: virulent ound, red and swollen.
text: The war-like SHOUTING of the goblins grows even closer.
text: The unicorns pause at a fork in the trail. The stallion motions with
text: his head. Sadly, the mare compreheads and flees down the divergent
dialog: path to safetly.
text: The stallion stands his ground. When the three goblin hunters gallop
text: towards him, he turns and limps into the woods.
scene_heading: 32 EXTERIOR RING POND DAY
text: Jack lies beside Lili, listening raptly to her poem.
text: LILI(reciting): Came he at last to where bluebells grow,
dialog: He heard them ring, 'tis true to tell.
text: He lay him down and did not know
text: The flower's sound was his own death knell.
dialog: And while he slept came teh lady fair,
text: And gathered him up behind her saddle.
dialog: Now, all young hunters of bluebells beware
dialog: Sweet William rode straight through the
dialog: gate of Hell.
text: Jack is lost in Lili's smile.
dialog: JACK: When I get to heaven, I know just
dialog: how the angels will sound.
dialog: LILI(enjoying it): Do you flatter all the girls
dialog: like that, Jack?
dialog: JACK(embaressed) It's the truth.
text: Lili kisses Jack sweetly. He doesn't respond.
dialog: LILI(smiling): Are you afraid of my kiss?
dialog: JACK: I'm afraid you'll break my heart.
dialog: LILI: Then still your heart... You
dialog: are dear to me as life itself.
dialog: JACK: Only because I amuse you...Like some
dialog: trained bear!
dialog: LILI: That's not true! I do love
dialog: you, Jack. You must believe me!
dialog: JACK: And if I so....no good can come
dialog: from it. I am only a Green Man, without
dialog: land or title...no name or wealth to
dialog: bring you.
text: The Princess her golden ring on and off her finger.
dialog: LILI: What does it matter. I don't care
dialog: about any of that.
dialog: JACK: But it does matter....! If not
dialog: now....Someday. What about when the time
dialog: comes for you to marry?
dialog: LILI: I want to marry you.
dialog: JACK: That's impossible!
dialog: LILI: Not if it's what you really
dialog: want, Jack.
text: Lili shows Jack her ring.
dialog: LILI(cont): Don't you wish this was our
dialog: wedding ring?
dialog: JACK: What if I say yes...? Will my wish
dialog: come true?
dialog: LILI: It is my right as a princess to
dialog: set a challenge for my suitors.
text: Lili throws her ring high over their heads. It glitters through the
text: air, tumbling over and over in the long drop to the pond.
speaker_heading: LILI(cont): I will marry whoever finds this
dialog: ring.
text: The ring spalshes into the cnetre of the pond. Jack strips off his
text: leafy cloak and dives headlong from the cliff.
scene_heading: 33 EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA DAY
text: Sweat-streaked, the unicorn staggers out of the tree onto a sweeping
text: green meadow brilliant with pink bloosoms. Froth bubbles on his
text: nostrils. His wide azure eyes betray his panic.
text: The goblins ride onto the flower-bright meadow. They jump down from
text: their mounts in a frenzy.
dialog: BLUNDER(excited): We got him now....!
dialog: We got him now!
text: The stallion stumbles forawrd, making a last futile effort to attack
text: the goblins. Limbs leaden, head hanging, the noble animal settles
text: against a sapling and slides to the ground.
text: Thunder RUMBLES overhead. A wild wind whips the pink blossoms into
dialog: the air.
scene_heading: 34 EXTERIOR UNDERWATER RING POND DAY
text: The golden ring drifts down, tumbling in a lazy spiral.
text: Jack's pale form stabs through the crystal water. The distant glint
text: of the sinking ring lures him on.
text: The ring settles into the mud at the bottom, concealed by waving
dialog: weeds.
text: Jack searches blindly as clouds of silt billow about him.
scene_heading: 35 EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA DAY
text: The three goblins advance towards the fallen unicorn through a pink
text: blizzrd of wind blown blossoms.
scene_heading: 35A EXTERIOR SKY DAY
text: The black clouds boil and CRASH, thunderheads mounting one upon
text: another in a dark maelstrom.
scene_heading: 36 EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA DAY
text: The goblins stands around the fallen unicorn. Blunder turns away as
text: Pox seizes the end of the alicorn, lifting it off the ground. Blix
text: swings an evil battle-axe high up over his head.
text: Jagged lightning splits the raging darkness as the black blade
dialog: falls.
text: Blix waves the severed alicorn in triumph.
text: The whirling pink petals turn instantly into white snowflakes.
scene_heading: 37 EXTERIOR RING POND DAY
text: Apolcalyptic winds SCREAM through the forest. Lightning FLASHES.
text: The world is plunged into winter darkness.
text: Lili clings to a tree trunk.
dialog: LILI(in desparation): Jack! Help me!
text: The Princess can't maintain her grip. The icy blasts knock her to
text: the ground and she crawls to the cliff edge.
text: LILI(cont)(screaming): Jack!
text: The her horror, Lili sees a skin of ice form over the surface of the
dialog: pond.
text: LILI(cont) (sobbing): Oh, dear God.... Jack.....
dialog: no....
text: Fighting the raging winds, Lili stumbles to the pond and pounds on
text: the ice in frustration. It is no use.
dialog: LILI (cont): ....got to get help!
text: Frantically, Lili runs off into the storm-whipped woods.
scene_heading: 38 EXTERIOR UNDERWATER RING POND DAY
text: Jack turns and looks up at the dark surface. He storkes upwards,
text: only to bump his head into something solid at the top. The pond is
text: covered by a sheet of ice!
scene_heading: 39 EXTERIOR RING POND DAY
text: Jack's contorted face is seen through the ice.
text: He breaks the frozen surface with his fist and his gasping head
text: thrusts into the air.
text: JACK(shouting): Lili....!
text: His words are lost on the wind.
scene_heading: 40 EXTERIOR COTTAGE MEADOW DAY
text: Winter shrouds the tiny homestead. Immobile goats, chickens and
text: ducks stand silent as snow statues in the farmyard.
text: Lili runs from the frozen forest and stumbles up the cottage steps.
scene_heading: 41 INTERIOR COTTAGE (FROZEN) DAY
text: The Princess barges in, wild-eyed and distraught.
text: Frost rimes the walls and furnishings. Everything glisten like sugar
text: candy. The Woodcarver and his wife are frozen solid.
dialog: LILI: Nell....! Arthur....!
text: Lili touches the wife's gelid cheek.
dialog: LILI: Nell....? Oh, nooooo!
text: Lili is shocked to discover the wife is frozen.
text: The Princes throws herself sobbing across the bed.
text: SOUNDS of SNORTING and SHOUTING come from outside
dialog: .
text: Lili scratches the frost off the window pane in the sleeping alcove.
scene_heading: 42 LILI'S POV : THROUGH WINDOW
text: The noisy goblins ride up on a makeshift sleigh of lashed animal
text: bones. They stop outside and clamber out. Blix has the alicorn
text: tucked under his arm.
scene_heading: 43 INTERIOR COTTAGE DAY
text: Terrified, Lili runs wildly across the cottage and clims the ladder
text: to the loft.
scene_heading: 43A INTERIOR COTTAGE LOFT DAY
text: Barrels and chests are stored here. Cured bacon and hams hang from
text: the rafters. Lili hides in a corner with several twig brooms and a
text: butter churn. She wraps herself in an old quilt snatched from an
text: open trunk.
text: Snows blows in through a hole in the roof, covering the floor
text: timbers. Three-inch gaps between the planks permit a view into the
text: cottage interior.
scene_heading: 43B LILI'S POV : BETWEEN PLANKS
text: The front door slams open and the goblins stumble laughing inside.
dialog: BLIX: Mortal world turned to ice,
dialog: Here be goblins' paradise!
scene_heading: 43C INTERIOR COTTAGE DAY
text: Blunder sinks his handaxe onto the kitchen table as he saunters past
text: the frozen tarts.
dialog: BLUNDER: Lots to eat!
text: Pox runs forward to the cradle and seizes the frozen baby, baring
text: his tusks for the feast.
dialog: POX: I s-s-simply adore m-m-milk-fed meat!
dialog: BLUNDER: What're you....? Some kinda animal?
text: Horrified, Lili GASPS (OS) in the loft.
text: The goblins cock their ears to listen. Pox SNARLS and drops the baby
text: back in the cradle.
text: Curious, Blunder starts up the ladder to the loft, but changes his
text: mind half-way, more interested in what Blix is doing.
dialog: BLIX: Why eat cold? It's better hot!
text: Blix points the alicorn at the frozen stewpot on the hearth. It
text: begins to steam and bubble, magically boiling without a fire
dialog: underneath.
text: POX: Am-m-mazing! How did you d-d-d-do that, old, ch-ch-chap?
text: Blix is equally surprised by the alicorn's power. He CACKLES and
text: aims it at the clock on the mantle.
text: The clock's hand spin wildly around backwards, the carved figures
text: darting in and out at fives times their normal speed.
text: Blix launches on an orgy of destruction, waving the alicorn like a
text: magic wand. Plates shatter, the cradle rocks. furniture topples,
text: Toby mugs come WAILING alive, painted wooden toys dance and caper.
text: The goblins SHRIEK with impish joy.
scene_heading: 43D INTERIOR LOFT (FROZEN) DAY
text: Lili watches the havoc through the gaps in the floor.
text: Blix points the alicorn straight up. Snow flies wildly around the
text: crouching Princess.
text: The broom and the butter churn begin a mad dance across the crowded
dialog: loft.
text: It is all the Princess can do to keep from screaming.
scene_heading: 43E INTERIOR COTTAGE (FROZEN) DAY
text: As a grand finale, Blix points at Nell's frozen figure, blowing her
text: skirts above her waist.
text: POX(languidly): M-m-most amusing Blix....most
dialog: terribly amusing.
dialog: BLUNDER: This is sure our lucky day.
dialog: Killed that ugly one-horn dead as a cowplop
dialog: on a birthday cake!
dialog: BLIX: Prattle, prattle like a priest!
dialog: (pointing to himself)
dialog: It was me who shoot the beast!
dialog: POX: Without the p-p-princess for bait,
dialog: you'd never gotten close....
dialog: B-b-beauty brought the b-b-beast
dialog: to bay.
dialog: BLUNDER: She's so sweet....I could
dialog: eat her brains like jam!
scene_heading: 43F INTERIOR LOFT (FROZEN) DAY
text: Lili slumps against the wall, aghast at what she's just overheard.
scene_heading: 43G INTERIOR COTTAGE DAY
text: Blunder and Pox fill a sack with frozen tarts.
dialog: POX: I'd like such her b-b-bones!
text: Blix points the alicorn at the cottage door. It flies open with a
speaker_heading: CRASH.
dialog: BLIX: Better hurry! Can't be late!
text: Blix marches out of the door. The other two goblins follow, darrging
text: their sacks of tarts.
dialog: BLUNDER: When we deliver that horn,
dialog: Pox ol' buddy, Darkness gonna give us a humongous big
dialog: reward.
text: Blunder and Pox leave, slamming the door behind them.
text: After a long pause, Lili creeps sobbing down the ladder from the
dialog: loft.
dialog: LILI: Oh, God.... God....
text: The Princess stumbles across the cottage towards Nell.
dialog: LILI(cont) What have I done...? I didn't
dialog: want the unicorn to die.... All I did
dialog: was touch it....
text: Lili pleads with the frozen Wife, as if begging for her forgiveness.
text: She is interrupted by the gruff voice of a House BROWNIE.
dialog: BROWNIE(OS): You're a wicked, wicked girl!
text: Lili looks up and sees a long-bearded Brownie standing next to the
text: clock on the mantle.
scene_heading: 43H LILI'S POV : BROWNIE
text: BROWNIE: The world is in a fine mess
dialog: because of you.
scene_heading: 43I BROWNIE'S POV : LILIbr
dialog: LILI(desperately) : I'll make it somehow....
dialog: I swear it...! I don't care what happens to
dialog: me.
scene_heading: 43J LILI'S POV : BROWNIE
dialog: BROWNIE: Words...mere words.... Bolds
dialog: deeds be needed now! Look at you!
dialog: Pampered and soft! Never done a day's
dialog: work in your life....
speaker_heading: LILI(OS): Who are you?
dialog: BROWNIE: Me...? I'm the house brownie...
dialog: I keep dust devils under the bed and all
dialog: the china cracked.... You know how a watched pot
dialog: never boils? I do that...and I'm
dialog: a wizard at turning sweet milk sour....
text: The front door CRASHES loudly open.
scene_heading: 43K INTERIOR COTTAGE (FROZEN) DAY
text: Little Blunder swaggers into the cottage.
text: Lili covers her face with the quilt and holds herself rigid as if
text: frozen. The Brownie ducks out of sight.
text: Blunder stalks to the kitchen table and pulls his axefree. He does a
text: double-take on spotting the Princess. The tiny goblin can't remember
text: can't remember if he saw her earlier or not.
text: He pokes her and lifts her skirt to peek at her legs. He is stopped
text: short by Blix's angry CRY outside:
dialog: BLIX(OS): Blunder! Move your butt! On the double!
text: Blunder hurries to the door.
text: Lili relaxes when she hears it SLAM.
dialog: LILI: Thank God....
text: Lili looks up at the mantle.
dialog: LILI(cont) (sobbing): Can you....help me?
scene_heading: 437 LILI'S POV : BROWNIE
dialog: BROWNIE: Can I what?
dialog: LILI(OS): Help me....
dialog: BROWNIE(sadly): I'd like to....but I'm
dialog: a domestic sort of chap....no good at all
dialog: where demons are concerned....
scene_heading: 43M BROWNIE'S POV : LILI
dialog: LILI: Then I'll do it myself! I'll follow those
dialog: goblins....somehow.....
dialog: even if it costs my life!
scene_heading: 43N LILI'S POV : BROWNIE
dialog: BROWNIE: I like your spirit! There's always
dialog: hope when a brave heart back a noble cause....
dialog: but what chance have you? They have the alicorn!
dialog: The power is theirs!
scene_heading: 43O BROWNIE'S POV : LILI
text: The Princess resolutely hurries about the cottage, gathering things
dialog: to eat and other useful items.
dialog: LILI: I will do it! You'll see....I
dialog: fooled them now, didn't I.... Well,
dialog: I'll do it again easy as pie....
text: Lili starts for the door.
dialog: BROWNIE(OS): Wait....! Take this....!
text: Lili turns back.
scene_heading: 43P LILI'S POV : BROWNIE
text: The Brownie pulls a golden feather from his cap and tosses it down
dialog: to Lili.
dialog: BROWNIE: 'Tis from the tail of the cockatrice....
dialog: Make you as fleet as a running deer. And better, when
dialog: things seem at their darkest, 'twill remind
dialog: you always that hope is alive....
scene_heading: 43Q BROWNIE'S POV : LILI
text: The Princess tucks the feather into her bodice.
dialog: LILI: Thank you....Hope is just what
dialog: I need.
text: Lili rushes from the cottage back into the snow.
scene_heading: 44 EXTERIOR FOREST (SNOW TRAVELER) DAY
text: A full-scale blizzard drives down through the naked tree limbs. Jack
text: slogs forward, near frozen.
text: JACK(calling): Lili....! Lili....!
text: Jack sees a tiny bird, frozen solid on a branch. He takes it
text: tenderly down, trying to warm it with his breath.
dialog: JACK(cont): What's happened....
text: Standing rigid all around him are numbers of frozen animals.
text: He can do nothing for the bird and trudges on into the storm.
text: JACK(cont)(calling): Lili....!
text: Up ahead, the figure of a man is barely discernible.
text: Jack runs to the man, thinking himself saved..
text: Jack discovers the man is frozen, like the bird. His initial shock
text: gives way to releif. The man is his salvation after all.
text: Quickly, he unties the stranger's travel bags and cloak.
dialog: JACK(cont): God rest your soul.... I know you
dialog: won't mind if I borrow your things.
text: Jack wraps himself in the claok and finds a tinder box in the travel
dialog: bag.
text: He scrapes together a pile of twigs, striking sparks with the flint
text: and steel to start them smouldering.
scene_heading: 45 DELETED : TRANSPOSED TO 46D
scene_heading: 46 EXTERIOR FAERIE CIRCLE NIGHT
text: A campfire blazes. Jack sleeps beside a tiny fire, shivering under
text: his new cloak.
text: A tiny glowing LIGHT streaks out of the woods. It circles around
text: Jack. The LIGHT touches the fire and it BLAZES up like a bonfire,
text: waking Jack.
dialog: JACK: What....?
scene_heading: 46A JACK'S POV : LIGHT
text: Jack stares at the radiant buble hanging above him. He sees a tiny
text: woman-child with delicate dragonfly wings trapped inside. This is
speaker_heading: LUNA.
speaker_heading: JACK (cont)(OS): Who're you?
scene_heading: 46B EXTERIOR FAERIE CIRCLE NIGHT
text: Luna ZOOMS off into the treetops.
text: Jack grabs a flaming brand and jumps to his feet.
dialog: JACK (cont): Who's there....?
text: Watching him through the drifting smoke in GUMP, an elf no more than
text: the waist high. Slightly built, he is near-naked in spite of the
text: cold. His face is that of a child, yet his eyes shine with a wisdom
dialog: centuries old.
text: GUMP(smiling mysteriously): Here you be a forest
dialog: child and not know the Gump....
dialog: JACK: Gump, is it?
dialog: GUMP: Aye, Jack.... Honeythorn Gump at
dialog: your service.....
text: The air is filled with frenzied CLICKS and SNAPS: stones tapping,
text: stick's rubbing, logs being thumped, etc.
text: Numbers of green-glowing eyes stare at Jack out of the shadows.
dialog: JACK (frightened): How d'you know my name?
dialog: GUMP: How does a migrating swallow know
dialog: the way south in winter....? Or a
text: spawning salmon find the tiny freshet of
dialog: his birth from the black cold depths of the
dialog: mysterious sea....? I know everything, Jack!
dialog: JACK: Everything....? Why has this
dialog: happened? Why is it winter now?
dialog: GUMP: I'd be a powerful wizard indeed could I answer....
dialog: (shrewdly): Suppose you tell me , Jack.
text: Jack in uncomfortable.
dialog: JACK: Me? How can I do that?
dialog: GUMP: You know these woods as well as
dialog: any elf.... Did you not see
dialog: something odd today? Any strange spirits?
dialog: Did nothing untoward happen?
dialog: JACK: No....well.... I took Lili to see
dialog: the unicorns.....
dialog: GUMP (furious): You did what?
text: Numbers of elves and faeries appear out of the dark woods. They come
text: in all sizes, from sprites no larger than squirrels to plump hobmen
dialog: as big as small children.
text: BROWN TOM is a plump, tipsy leprechaun, draped with pots and pans
text: like a tinker; SCREWBALL, a tiny pixie wearing an ill-fitting cap
text: and garments tassle with flowers.
text: FAERIES (whispering in chorus): What....?
text: Codfish and cockles....! Never....! Pewterpots and....
dialog: pumpkins....! Poo-poo pudding....! Doo-doo
dialog: dumplings....! Shit-willy whatnot....!
dialog: GUMP: Silence!
text: The whipering stops. All eyes are on Jack. He writhes with guilt
text: under thier scrunity.
text: JACK(deepling ashamed): Oh God,
dialog: she touched him....
text: A GROAN rises from the crowd of faeries. They are outraged. Gump is
text: the maddest of all. His face darkens. His eyes glow. He trembles
text: with banshee fury.
dialog: GUMP: Touched it! A mortal laid hands
dialog: on a unicorn?
dialog: BROWN TOM: Bad....terrible bad!
dialog: JACK: We meant no wrong.
dialog: GUMP (screaming): What was it you did
dialog: mean, Jack!
dialog: JACK: Nothing....
dialog: GUMP (cold and hard): Nothing, he calls it!
dialog: JACK: I wanted to share something special
dialog: with her.
dialog: GUMP: Well.... I have something now to share with you....a lively
dialog: reel to warm your bones!
text: Gump magically pulls a violen out of thin air.
dialog: JACK: I'm in no mood for dancing.
text: GUMP(screaming with wrath): Squawk! Squawk!
dialog: No more talk.... Do you think you can
dialog: upset the order of the
dialog: universe and not pay the price?
text: Brown Tom produces ancient bag pipes, Screwball a tambourine. The
text: other wee folk tune up an incredible variety of oddly-shaped
text: instryemnts : seashell trumpets, acorn cellos, gossets, serpentines,
text: blossom-bell horns, bone flutes, all manner of drums and rattles.
text: A wild and haunting overture begins. The rhythm is complusive.
text: Jack cannot control his body. His feet move against his will.
dialog: JACK(frantic): No! I want no part of
dialog: your nonsense.
text: Gump leers demonically.
dialog: GUMP: Time to dance, Jack!
text: Playing his fiddle, Gump is possessed, demonic.
text: Screwball beats on a log with a pair of shin bones. The faerie
text: orchestra breaks into an other-world melody. Jack leaps and jumps
text: like a zombie.
dialog: JACK: No...! Please....!
text: BROWN TOM(chanting): Round and round and round and round,
dialog: Before you're lost, you must be found
dialog: .
text: The tempo increases. The musicians leap and cavort.
text: Jack twists and capers, dancing against his will.
text: SCREWBALL(chanting): In and out and up and down,
text: Behind each smile there lurks a frown.
text: Gump leaps wildly, fiddling like a demon. Jack is a prisoner of the
text: frenzied music.
text: BROWN TOM(chanting): Spin and spin and spin and spin, To learn to
dialog: lose you first must win.
text: Gumps hops into the fire, dancing and playing as sparks leap about
text: him. The music grows wilder. Jack will never survive.
text: SCREWBALL(chanting): Twist and reel and toe and heel,
dialog: The end to pain is to learn to feel!
text: Jack's face is a mask of agony. With supreme effort, he hurls
text: himself onto the ground, his body jerking spasmodically to the
dialog: music.
dialog: JACK(screaming):Enough!
text: The faerie orchestra falters, their tempo broken.
dialog: GUMP(angry): Is the music not to your liking?
text: JACK(gasping): I....won't....go....on...Take
dialog: my life, if you must.... What I did
dialog: is unforgiveable....
dialog: (boldly) But, I did it for love! And I'd do
dialog: it again! I love Lili with all my heart and
dialog: would sooner die than break a
dialog: promise!
text: Gump stares at Jack. A tender expression softens his flinty eyes.
dialog: GUMP: Hmmmm..... Love, you say....? Love is
dialog: another story....
dialog: JACK: I meant no disrespect....
dialog: GUMP: Answer me this riddle and
text: all is forgiven.
dialog: JACK: And if I cannot?
dialog: GUMP: Why, Jack....then 'tis your
dialog: death song I'll be playing.
dialog: JACK: Ask away, and pray God my answer
dialog: pleases you.
dialog: GUMP: What is a bell that does not ring,
dialog: Yet, its knell makes the angels sing?
text: Gump laughs, knowing Jack can't solve his riddle. Jack frowns in
text: concentration, then grins, as the memory of Lili's song rushes back.
dialog: JACK: Bluebells!
dialog: GUMP: What?
dialog: JACK: The flower. Bluebells. To hear
dialog: then ringing means your life is
text: at an end.
text: Gump hurls his violin to the ground and stomps on it.
dialog: GUMP: Damnation! Codfish and cockles!
dialog: Gammon and trotters!
text: Screwball and Brown Tom run for cover as Gump explodes in an insane
text: fury. He throws himself to the ground, kicking and SCREAMING.
text: GUMP(cont): Rabbot noodles....! Schweinhundt
dialog: saukraut mit schlagober....!
dialog: Piddle-puddles und ka-ka crumpets....!
dialog: Piss pots and thunder mugs!
dialog: Demkopf doo-doo brains riddle-widdler!
text: Abruptly, Gump stands and dusts himself off as if nothing had
text: happened. He smiles at Jack and holds out his tiny hand.
dialog: GUMP(cont): You bested me, Jack....
dialog: Bested me.... bested me...
text: JACK(modestly): A riddle with an answer
dialog: is like an empty cup when you're
dialog: thirsty for wine.
dialog: GUMP: Well spoke! And if it's wine you
dialog: want, it's wine we shall have.
text: Gump claps his hands and four tiny glasses magically APPEAR,
text: floating in the air before them.
text: Another clap and Brown Tom's hat POPS off his head, revealing a wine
text: bottle balanced underneath.
dialog: GUMP(cont): A small measure of entertainment
dialog: at best.
text: Gumps snaps his fingers and the wine bottle floats off Brown Tom's
text: head, pausing to in mid-air to fill each bobbing glass.
dialog: GUMP(cont): Elderberry wine....no finer drink
dialog: under heaven.
text: Each one takes a glass. Gump raises his in a toast.
text: GUMP(cont): Here's to Jack....riddle-solver....
text: dancing fool, and faerie friend.
text: They all clink glasses. Jack regards his with suspicion.
dialog: JACK: I'm honoured, Gump....But no more tricks!
dialog: GUMP(to the others): Here be precious summertime frozen
dialog: into a winter memory and the blamed
dialog: fool won't drink faerie wine for fear of
text: enchantment.
text: They all drink, Jack with some relunctance. The faeries enjoy the
text: wine. Jack gags, as if he's swallowed fire.
text: JACK(coughing): Pranks....! Is that all you're good
dialog: for....! I've lost Lili....! Gump!
dialog: Help me! Use your magic to find her....
dialog: set the world right.
dialog: GUMP: Changing this frozen hell is beyond
dialog: my modest powers.
dialog: JACK: Is there nothing you can do?
dialog: GUMP: If you want more tricks, I'm your
dialog: man.... but, for big questions, you must
dialog: go elsewhere.
dialog: JACK: But don't you care what's happened?
dialog: GUMP: Course we care.... What good's the
dialog: world locked in a season of death?
dialog: No folks to scare on a summer's
dialog: night....
dialog: BROWN TOM: No babies to tickle....
dialog: SCREWBALL: No lovers to tease....
dialog: GUMP: No more spells to cast....Does that
dialog: sound like an enjoyable prospect?
dialog: JACK: We must find the answer!
dialog: GUMP: That we must. But first, we better
dialog: see that no harm's come to the
dialog: unicorns.
dialog: SCREWBALL: I sadly fear the worst....
text: Gumps claps his hands and everyone is magically holding
text: luminous flower lanterns.
scene_heading: 46C EXTERIOR DEEP FOREST NIGHT
text: Seen from a distance, the lantern-lit faerie procession glows like
text: foxfire between the massive trees.
scene_heading: 46D EXTERIOR SNOW (LILI TRACKS GOBLINS) NIGHT
text: Princess Lili tuns swiftly between the frozen trees, following the
text: tracks of the goblins. The quilt is torn, her hair dishevelled. She
text: pauses at the top of a small, steep hill.
text: The tracks of the goblins' sleigh pass below.
text: Lili jumps from the hilltop, leaving the quilt floating behind like
text: a discarded skin. It is an incrediable leap.
text: She lands with the sureness of a wild woodland creature and runs
text: off, hair streaming behind, following the trail of the sled.
scene_heading: 47 EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA NIGHT
text: The faerie procession moves out of the woods onto the frozen meadow.
dialog: FAERIES(singing together): What can you do when there's Nothing to
dialog: be done?
dialog: Sing a little song
dialog: And have fun, fun, fun....
text: The silhouette of the unicorn is glimpsed in the glow of the faerie
text: lanterns.
text: Led by Jack, the faeries run towards the recumbent stallion.
text: Wisp stoops and picks up an arrow dropped by the goblins.
dialog: GUMP: This is goblins' work....
dialog: Powerful demons are agaisnt us!
text: Jack kneels sadly beside the ice-glazed unicorn.
text: The SOUND of CRASHING HOOFBEATS alerts the faeries as the mare
text: unicorn thunders out of the trees.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Take cover, laddies!
text: The faeries dive for protection. Only Jack stands his ground.
text: The mare charges straight at Jack. He is knocked to his knees as she
text: gallops past.
text: The unicorn wheels about. Jack scrambles to his feet.
text: She charges again, skidding to a stop on the frozen grass. Her
text: alicorn is aimed straight at Jack's throat.
dialog: GUMP: Run, Jack!
dialog: JACK: The fault was mine. I owe her
dialog: my life.
dialog: GUMP: Nobly spoken, lad, and nobility
dialog: is her gift in return.
text: The mare makes a soft NOISE deep in her throat. It is a cross
text: between whale song and the cooing of doves.
text: Jack responds in kind, imitating the sound exactly.
dialog: SCREWBALL: What's he saying? What's
dialog: it mean?
text: BROWN TOM (shrugging): Search me.... I speak
text: some rabbit, but not a word of unicorn.
text: The unicorn continues, a SOUND as close to music as anything in
text: nature. Jck listens intently and answers her.
dialog: GUMP: Come on Jack, don't keep us in
text: the dark.
dialog: JACK: The dark is where we'll stay....
dialog: We're cursed. All warmth and light
dialog: was lost when the stallion died.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Is there naught we can do?
dialog: JACK: We must get the alicorn back.
dialog: Only then will the world return to normal.
dialog: GUMP: And how do faeries fight a demon?
dialog: JACK: She says we're to find a champion....
dialog: a mortal, bold of heart and pure in
dialog: spirit.
text: SCREWBALL: Look....! Look....!
text: Screwball points to the mare's hoofprints in the snow. Tiny wild
text: flowers spring to life within each indentation.
dialog: JACK: That is the warmth of her soul.
dialog: Not even death's icy hand can stop
dialog: it!
dialog: SCREWBALL: Little good her soul'll do us now.
text: BROWN TOM: Screwball's right. Where we gonna
dialog: find a champion when every mortal can swing a
dialog: sword is froze stiff as an icicle?
dialog: GUMP: Don't give up so quick, lads.
dialog: (feeling Jack's arm)
dialog: You sure you're mortal?
dialog: JACK(indignant): Course I am!
dialog: BROWN TOM(dubious): What sort of mortal
dialog: speaks unicorn?
dialog: SCREWBALL: Why aren't you frozen then?
text: JACK: I don't know.... I was underwater....
dialog: and when I came up for air, everything
text: was covered with ice.
dialog: GUMP: You'll do.... We best get you
dialog: some weapons.
dialog: JACK(puzzled): Weapons....? What are they?
dialog: BROWN TOM (dubious): He's no champion,
dialog: Gump.
dialog: GUMP: We'll have to make him one....
dialog: or kill him trying....!
dialog: Follow me!
text: Gump leads Jack and the others into the woods. The unicorn follows.
dialog: FAERIES(singing together): What can you do when there's
dialog: nothing to be done?
dialog: Sing a little song
dialog: And have fun, fun, fun....
scene_heading: 48 EXTERIOR GREAT TREE NIGHT
text: Lili creeps around the base of the tree, making no sound. She moves
text: with the grace of an animal and hides behind a gnarled root where
text: she can watch the goblins.
text: Blix holds court, surrounded by a lantern's glow. Pox sits on a bit
text: of crumbling masonary. Blunder watches Blix gesture with the
dialog: alicorn.
dialog: BLIX: Look at us! Waiting around like
dialog: lackies....and for what? We're the
dialog: ones with the power!
dialog: BLUNDER: You shouldn't talk like, Blix.
dialog: We gets in plenty big trouble!
dialog: BLIX: I'm not afraid! Not even Darkness lasts
dialog: forever!
text: Blix aims the alicorn at Blunder, causing a burst of fire to erupt
text: beneath the tiny, helmeted goblin.
text: Blunder YELPS and runs off, clutching his flaming backside.
text: Blix roars with laughte. Power has gone completely to his head.
dialog: BLIX (cont): Watch out, Pox!
text: Blix points the alicorn at Pox. Fire explodes beneath the pig-faced
text: goblin. He leaps SCREAMING into the air.
text: Blix points the alicorn at the fire he started and it grows larger.
dialog: BLIX (cont): Higher.... higher....
dialog: Burning fire!
dialog: Making music
dialog: Like the choir!
text: Blunder and Pox watch Blix make the fire fountain into the air.
text: The heavens blaze. Lili is dazzled.
text: Something very strange is happening within the swirling column of
text: flame. Gradually, a demonic face emerges,
text: Outlined in the fire we see the leering face of Darkness!
text: Pox and Blunder applaud Blix's rebellion.
text: POX/BLUNDER (chanting): Higher.... higher..
dialog: Burning fire!
dialog: Making music
dialog: Like a choir!
text: The three unsuspecting goblins looks up and see the demonic Lord of
text: Darkness flaming above them.
text: Blix tosses the alicorn into the air. Blunder unwittingly catches
dialog: it.
dialog: BLIX: Greetings, Worship....
dialog: POX: W-w-welcome, Great Lord....
dialog: D-d-darkest of the ....
dialog: DARKNESS: Your devotion disgusts me? You
text: insignificant strands of toad slobber!
text: Blix and Pox drop grovelling to their knees, covering their heads
text: with leaves and dirt.
text: Blunder can't control himself. He rushes forward and points the
text: alicorn up at Darkness.
dialog: BLUNDER: Hear me, you angels of light!
dialog: Your reign is over! A new order
dialog: begins! All the imps of Hell will
dialog: dance freely over this dark land....
dialog: I hold the power....
dialog: DARKNESS: Enough!
text: Darkness points a burning finger at Blunder. The alicorn is rippef
text: from the goblin's graps and flies up to Darkness. Blunder YELPS in
dialog: terror.
text: Something terrible happens: the ground around Blunder begins to
text: soften. To his horror, the little goblin sinks under as if into
dialog: quicksand.
dialog: BLUNDER: Please.... It was only a joke...
dialog: I didn't mean it.... Honest....!
text: Blunder is in up to his neck.
dialog: BLUDNER (cont): Whatsamatter? Have you no sense of
dialog: humour? I hope you choke of faerie
dialog: breath and flower petals!
text: Blunder's hand points up from the earth. Darkness ZAPS it, turning
dialog: it to another chicken-claw!
text: Blunder is gone without a trace; sucked under with a disgusting
speaker_heading: SLURP.
text: Darknesss HOWLS his triumph to the heavens.
text: From her place of concealment, Lili overhears every word.
dialog: DARKNESS: Did you think this alicorn a mere
dialog: plaything....? With it my empire
dialog: is eternal! Before I ruled only
dialog: the night. Now, my minions will
text: frolic in darkness until the end
dialog: of time.
text: Darkness aims the alicorn at the column of fire started by Blix,
text: tracing an arc of flames through the night.
text: Like a mad orchestra conductot with a magic baton, Darkness controls
text: the fire's movements. The blaze twists and swirls across the black
text: night, blazing meteor trails, bright as the aeora.
dialog: BLIX (fawning): Forgive this intrusion.... My
dialog: goblins are a free-spirited lot.
dialog: I like to encourage their....
dialog: initiative. What do you think of
dialog: this policy, Master?
text: Columns of flame shower around the Dark Lord and from within thier
text: incendiary interiors, evil wraith-like spirits emerge, swirling like
dialog: ghosts.
text: Bright as comets, numbers of etheral flaming spirits orbit their
text: fiery master. Darkness stands in total control within their mighty
text: conflagration, the alicorn his sceptre.
text: Suddenly, with the pure clarity of a BELL CHIME, the presence of
text: DAYLIGHT is detected.
text: The reflected glow of the coming dawn tinges the ground and casts it
text: luminence over Darkness and the goblins.
text: DARKNESS (cont) (writhing): What is this light...?
text: Beams of rising sunlight advance down the tree trunks.
text: Darkness recoils, wrapping his flaming cloak about him.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): You killed the final unicorn....
dialog: Is this not true?
text: Blix and Pox exchange guilty looks.
dialog: BLIX: This is true....
dialog: POX: Undeniably t-t-true, Lord.
text: Darkness is on to them. He points with the alicorn.
dialog: DARKNESS: You lie! Here is dawn!
dialog: POX: Well.... almost t-t-true....
dialog: ess-s-sentially true....
text: BLIX: That stallion is dead, dead as dreams,
dialog: dead as legend....
text: DARKNESS: OUT WITH IT!
text: Sunlight is half-way to the ground. Darkness shrinks, shrivelling
text: like a dying ember.
dialog: POX: But.... but.... the m-m-mare still
dialog: lives...
dialog: DARKNESS: If even one unicorn walks the
dialog: earth, my power is not complete....
dialog: BLIX: Just a female.... She has no
dialog: power...
dialog: .
text: The ground grows very light. Darkness melts into the campfire.
dialog: DARKNESS: Only the power of creation....?
dialog: Get that female....! I command
dialog: you.... In the name of Darkness....
text: Sunlight strikes the ground. Darkness is gone! His arm holding the
text: alicorn aloft the fire is the last to disappear.
text: Lili backs silently into the shadows surrrounding the Great Tree.
scene_heading: 49 EXTERIOR FOREST PATH DAY
text: Lili runs straight into a driving blizzard. A distant SOUND alerts
text: her and she pauses to listen.
text: It is Jack and the faeries, SINGING. Jack's voice carries above the
dialog: others.
text: JACK &amp; THE FAERIES (os): When times are hard and things look bad,
dialog: Don't feel blue and don't feel sad....
text: A look of astonished joy comes over Lili's face. As the SOUND of
text: singing FADES, she runs towards it, calling eagerly.
dialog: LILI: Jack....! Ja-aack!
scene_heading: 50 EXTERIOR PATH TO GUMP'S CAVE DAY
text: Jack and the faeries troop march through the blizzard, all SINGING
text: merrily.
text: JACK &amp; THE FAERIES (singing): If your down, wearin' a frown,
dialog: That's the time to dance like a clown!
text: Jack hears something in the distance and stops to listen.
text: LILI (very faint) (os): Ja-aack.... Ja-aack....
text: JACK (bewildered): Lili....?
text: The SOUND of her distant call is erased by the howling storm. Jack
text: sadly decides it was a trick of the wind and hurries to catch up
text: with the others.
scene_heading: 51 EXTERIOR FOREST PATH DAY
text: Lili stops running. There is nothing but the wailing wind.
text: LILI (softly): Jack....? Oh, Jack....
text: A solitary tear starts from her eyes, only to freeze on her cheek
text: like a diamond beauty spot.
dialog: LILI (cont): Please God.... help me!
text: Lili drops sobbing to her knees. Through her grief, she sees the
text: unicorn's track in the snow, each hoofprint gay with tiny blooming
dialog: flowers.
text: Her courage restored, Lili follows this meandering trail of
text: burgeoning life through the forest.
scene_heading: 52 EXTERIOR ENTRANCE TO GUMP'S CAVE DAY
text: Gumps leads the way a huge BOULDER lodged uner the roots of a giant
dialog: tree.
dialog: GUMP (proudly): Here's my home, Jack.... What
dialog: d'you think of that for a front
dialog: door?
text: Jack thinks Gump is pulling his leg.
dialog: JACK (in jest): Be some job in getting it open.
dialog: GUMP: Think you so?
text: Gump WHISTLES. Immediately, two eyes blink open on the front of the
text: boulder, and he is seen to have facial features.
dialog: BOULDER: Morning', Gump....
text: The Boulder stands on a pair of tiny legs and waddles forth from
text: under the tree roots, REVEALING the entrance to a cavern.
text: He promptly trips and rolls over and over in the snows, his tiny
text: stone feet kicking wildly in the air.
dialog: GUMP (bowing): After you, Jack....
text: Jack enters apprehensively udner the twisting roots.
dialog: JACK: Thank you....
text: The other faeries follow, leading the unicorn.
scene_heading: 53 INTERIOR MOUTH TO CAVE DAY
text: An earthern antechamber under the tree, high enough for Jack and the
text: unicorn. There is a small wooden door at the far end, sealed with a
text: bright brass padlock.
dialog: GUMP: Brown Tom. Stay here with the
text: unicorn and guard her well.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Like me own life!
dialog: GUMP: Better than that! She's the last
dialog: of her kind.
text: Gump marches to the little wooden door. He inserts a finger into the
text: padlock, twisting it like a key. Instantly, the pops apart. Gump
text: opens the door and enters a low tunnel beyond.
scene_heading: 54 INTERIOR TUNNEL DAY
text: Tree roots twist down like dead men's fingers and clutch the ancient
text: rune stones lodged in the earthen walls.
text: Gump and Screwball walk upright in the damp tunnel, but Jack is
text: forced to crawl on his hands and knees. Luna flies above thier heads
text: like a tiny neon insect.
dialog: GUMP: Right this way....
text: Gump pauses by another wooden door, sealed with a brass lock. He
text: opens it instantly with his magic touch.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Home, sweet home!
scene_heading: 55 INTERIOR GUMP'S CAVE DAY
text: Jack and the faeries enter a cost burrw furnished with carved wooden
text: chairs and tables, a porcelain stove and bundles of herbs hanging
text: from the ceiling. The simple furniture is overwhlemed by vat piles
text: of treasure: gemstones, pearls, chests heaped with gold coins.
dialog: GUMP: Fit for a king's ramsom!
text: Jack in awe as he wades through the ankle-high loot.
dialog: JACK: Such riches.... I feel I must be
dialog: dreaming....
dialog: GUMP: If life is a dream, better you dread
dialog: the waking!
text: Screwball fills a golden helm with rubies and pours them out over
text: his head. He laughs like a child in a sandpit.
dialog: JACK: ....beautiful....
dialog: GUMP: Mere trinkets.... Let's find you
dialog: something useful.
text: Luna's golden LIGHT streaks down and whirls around Jack's head. He
text: swats futilely at her.
dialog: JACK: Stop it....! Go away....!
dialog: GUMP: Easy.... Luna only seeks a little
dialog: affection.
text: Luna hovers beside Jack's cheek.
dialog: JACK: I meant no disrespect, but....
dialog: ouch! Make her stop, will you,
dialog: Gump!
dialog: GUMP: Does your blood run so cold? You'll
dialog: be a corpse before your time.
text: Gump unstoppers a silver wine decanter and pours three goblets full.
dialog: JACK: What does she want from me?
dialog: GUMP: Foolish question....
dialog: (handing Jack a goblet)
dialog: Drink, and wamr your heart.
text: The answer's at the bottom of
dialog: your cup.
text: Jack sniffs his goblet suspiciously. This time, he is careful not to
dialog: drink when the faeries do.
dialog: GUMP (cont): Now then.... down to business.
text: Gump pulls a bejewlled broadsword free from its scabbard. It is a
text: remarkably beautiful weapon.
dialog: JACK: What's this....? Something to cook
dialog: with?
text: Gump and Screwball exchange a hopeless look.
dialog: GUMP(patiently): This is a weapon, Jack.... As fine
dialog: a weapon as you'll ever see.
dialog: JACK(curious: So, that's a weapon.... What's it
dialog: do?
dialog: SCREWBALL: World is doomed, if you ask me.
text: Screwball goes back to playing with the jewels.
text: Gump pulls a silk handkerchief from his belt.
text: GUMP: A little demonstration.
text: Gump tosses the kerchief high in the air and it wafts slowly down.
text: The little elf is an expert swordsman. He whirls the weapon in a
text: gleaming blur, slicing the drifting handkerchief neatly in half.
dialog: GUMP(cont): With such a blade you could behead
text: an ogre as easily as uncapping a
text: soft-boiled egg.
dialog: JACK: That's really something.... Can I
dialog: try?
text: Gump hands the sword to Jack.
dialog: GUMP: You're the champion, aren't you?
text: Jack picks up half the kerchief off the jewel-littered floor and
text: tosses it into the air. As it flutters down, he swings wildly with
text: the broadsword. Gump has to duck to avoid having his own head
text: chopped off.
dialog: GUMP(cont): Watch out....! You'll get the hang of
dialog: it in time.... Now, we best see
dialog: about some armour..... Screwball!
text: SCREWBALL: Coming right up!
text: Screwball flips open the lid of a chest. Folded inside is a golden
text: chain-mail coat of exquisite workmanship.
dialog: GUMP: Go on.... see if it fits.
text: Jack slips the coat over his head. It fits perfectly.
text: GUMP (nodding approval): It will turn a broadhead arrow
dialog: ar fifty yards.
dialog: SCREWBALL: He might pass for a champion in
dialog: that.
dialog: GUMP: Have a look at yourself, Jack.
dialog: (pointing: Use yonder shield for a mirror.
dialog: JACK(confused): ....Shield?
text: GUMP(exasperated): The round shiny thing over there.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Clothes never made the man....
text: Gump silences Screwball with a stern look and and stalks over to a
text: small carved desk.
text: There is a loud, MUSICAL CHIME. Gump pulls a remarkable instrument
text: from a pouch on his belt: a wonderous crystal globe filled with
text: whirling miniature worlds.
text: GUMP(studying globe): Hmmm... getting late. Almost half-
text: way past the morning mayfly hatch...
dialog: .
text: SCREWBALL(sullen): Too cold for mayflies now....
dialog: 'Sides, I ain't got no timepeice.
dialog: GUMP: You first must know how
dialog: to tell the time.
dialog: SCREWBALL: I ain't got nothing....
dialog: GUMP: No more chatter....! I've got work
dialog: to do.
text: Gump sits at the desk setting his timepeice beside him and rummaging
dialog: among his papers.
text: Jack kneels before a brightly polished shield and studies his
dialog: reflection.
text: Luna round and round his head.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Think I'll brew some tea.
text: Screwball snatches variosu herbs off the ceiling.
text: SCREWBALL(cont): Colt's foot and sassafrass...
dialog: Maybe a spot of spearmint....
dialog: St John's Wort not bad.... and
text: a little foxglove.
text: Screwball feverishly stuffs a silver teapot full of dried herbs.
speaker_heading: 56 DELETED
scene_heading: 57 EXTERIOR PATH TO GUMP'S CAVE DAY
text: The unicorn's flowering footprints lead Lili to Gump's cave.
text: She pauses to consider the situation. Snowflakes glisten in her
text: tangled hair. She is fiercly beautiful.
text: Deciding nothing is amiss, Lili stalks silently inside.
scene_heading: 58 INTERIOR MOUTH OF CAVE DAY
text: A small cooking fire flickers under blackened pots and an iron
text: skillet. The mare unicorn is bedded down on a blanket of straw.
text: Brown Tom lies fast asleep against her flank.
text: The unicorn lifts her head when Lili tiptoes in.
text: Brown Tom is jerked awake as the mare climbs to her feet, snorting
dialog: with rage.
text: BROWN TOM: What....? What....?
dialog: Who's there?
dialog: LILI: I'm Princess Lili.... I.....
dialog: BROWN TOM: You! You're the cause of
dialog: all our sorrow!
text: The Princess drops to her knees.
dialog: LILI: I know it was wrong.... Everything
dialog: is my fault.
dialog: (weeping)
dialog: Please.... please forgive me.
dialog: BROWN TOM: I ain't the one ye should be asking.
dialog: LILI: I want to make it up to her....
dialog: I followed the goblins! They gave the alicorn
dialog: to the Lord of Darkness!
dialog: BROWN TOM: Good lass! You're a plucky
text: little partridge at that.
dialog: LILI: We can't stay here! It's not safe!
dialog: Darkness sent the goblins to hunt
dialog: the mare... If I found her, so will
dialog: they....We msut go!
speaker_heading: 59 DELETED
scene_heading: 60 INTERIOR MOUTH OF CAVE DAY
text: Brown Tom looks past Lili to the mouth of the cave.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Too late!
text: Pox and Blix stand in the entrance, aiming their wicked, barbed
text: arrows straight at the hearts of Lili and Brown Tom.
text: Brown Tom swings an iron skillet back over his head in a warrior's
dialog: stance.
dialog: BROWN TOM: If you imps're looking for a
dialog: fight, ye've come to the chap
dialog: who'll oblige ye.
scene_heading: BLIX/POX: Kill....! K-k-kill...!
dialog: Kill...!
text: Blix and Pox loose their arrows, renocking the bows with incredible
dialog: speed.
text: Brown Tom moves like lightning, using the skillet as a shirld to
text: deflect the arrows raining about him.
text: Lili stands in front of the mare, striving to protect the unicorn's
text: body with her own.
text: Brown Tom lepas acrobatically about with the skillet. A fusillade of
text: arrows CLANGS OFF its iron surface.
text: A lucky shot peirces Brown Tom's hat. Dark red liquid streams down
text: his face. His eyes roll up in mortal terror.
text: BROWN TOM: Dick-o-Tuesday's duck! They've done
dialog: for me!
text: Brown Tom staggers in a dramatic half-circle, toppling straight over
text: backwards, stiff as a board.
text: The mare unicorn rears WHINNYING on her hind-quarters.
text: The goblin hunters advance. Blix spreads a heavy net wide.
text: The black shadow on the net falls across Lili and the unicorn like
text: an evil spider web.
scene_heading: 61 INTERIOR GUMP'S CAVE DAY
text: Screwball's teapot steams merrily. He sits stop a jewel cask
text: enjoying a cup. A horned Viking helmet several sizes too large
text: covers his head down to the bridge of his nose.
text: Gump works at his desk, marking out distances on an ancient chart
text: with a pair of golden dividers. Dozens of parchment mps are spread
text: in front of him.
text: GUMP(muttering): Forty leagues from the Dragon's
dialog: Track.... another half-span past
text: the basilisk den.
text: Gump lifts his elbow and the curled parchment rolls together.
dialog: GUMP (cont)(annoyed): Wirrikows and dopplegangers!
dialog: SCREWBALL: Spot of tea, Gump....?
dialog: Help calm your nerves...
dialog: GUMP: Not now! I'm busy with navigation.
text: On the other side of the cave, Jack practices a variety of thrusts
text: and passes with his sword in front of the polished shield.
text: Luna buzzes around him like a miniature meteorite.
dialog: JACK: That's not so bad.... What do you
dialog: think, Luna?
text: Jack studies his reflection in the shield.
text: There is a BURST OF LIGHT behind him. Luna materialises as a child-
text: sized woman with gossamer wings. She wraps her slender arms around
text: his neck.
dialog: LUNA: I think you look like a hero.
dialog: JACK: What! H'd you do that?
text: Jack spins around, but Luna is gone. Only the tiny dot of LIGHT
text: hovers in the air.
dialog: JACK(cont) (puzzled): Magic....
text: Jack looks back at the shield and there is a full-sized Luna hugging
text: his reflection.
dialog: LUNA: Nobody knows nut you. it's our
dialog: secret....
dialog: (kissing his cheek)
dialog: Promise?
dialog: JACK (squirming): Don't do that.
dialog: LUNA(another kiss): Better promise....
dialog: JACK: All right, all right....
dialog: I promise.
text: A loud, MUSICAL CHIEME interrupts Gump's work. he looks around for
text: his timepiece but it is nowhere in sight.
dialog: GUMP: Hmmmm...? Screwball!
dialog: SCREWBALL (all innocence): Something I can
dialog: do for you, Gump?
dialog: GUMP: Hand it over....!
text: Sheepishly, Screwball pulls Gump's timepeice from inside his tunic
text: and gives it back.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Well, well, well....
dialog: how'd that get in there? Must be
dialog: some kinda magic...
dialog: GUMP: Sneak thief's magic!
dialog: (studies timepiece)
dialog: Jack! it's time we were on
dialog: our way!
text: At the SOUND of Gump's voice, Luna TRANSFORMS instantly back to a
text: dot of light.
dialog: JACK: I'm ready as I'll ever be....
text: Jack picks up the shield and starts after Gump and Screwball. Luna
text: flies overhead.
scene_heading: 62 INTERIOR MOUTH OF CAVE DAY
text: Brown Tom lies flat on his back as Jack and the faeries emerge from
dialog: the tunnel.
text: Gump rushes to his fallen friend, lifting him in his arms.
dialog: GUMP: Brown Tom....? You can't be dead....!
dialog: Oh, this is is terrible.... terrible!
text: Brown Tom opens his eyes and looks feebly about.
text: BROWN TOM (in a daze): Why, Wisp....
dialog: they kill you, too?
dialog: GUMP: Course they didn't! What in blazes
dialog: are you talking about?
text: Brown Tom rolls his eyes up at the arrow piercing his hat.
text: BROWN TOM: Goblins shot me through
text: the brain pan.
text: Gump yanks off Brown Tom's hat. Bits of broken wine bottle tumble
text: out. Gump reagrds his friend with scorn.
dialog: GUMP: Your brains are one spot an
dialog: arrow'd do no harm!
dialog: JACK: Where's the unicorn?
text: Sheepishly, Brown Tom pulls the arrow from his hat.
text: BROWN TOM: I'm afeered the goblins took her.
dialog: Did me best to fight them off, but
text: they swarmed up by the hundreds.... Horrid
dialog: creatures they were. The Princess warned
dialog: me, but....
dialog: JACK: Princess Lili?
scene_heading: BROWN TOM: Aye.
text: JACK(overjoyed): She's alive!
dialog: BROWN TOM: She was living still
dialog: when they killed me.
dialog: GUMP: You'll earn your champion's spurs
dialog: this day, Jack.... We'll follow their
dialog: tracks in the snow. Foul weather's on our
dialog: side for a change.
scene_heading: 62A EXTERIOR FOREST DAY
text: Jack and the faeries march through the woods holding lanterns, into
text: the teeth of a driving blizzard.
scene_heading: 63 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Blix and Pox kneel nervously before the Throne of Darkness. A huge
text: fire blazes in the hearth.
dialog: POX: Hail m-most great, and d-d-darkest
dialog: of the dark!
dialog: BLIX: Though we be nothing in your sight,
dialog: We bow before your strength and might!
text: We hear Darkness speak, but see only his bat-winged shadow spread
text: like an inky cloak across the two kneeling goblins.
text: DARKNESS (os): Can you fawning sycophants
dialog: do more than grovel? What of the task I set you?
dialog: POX: D-d-done, Lord. We have the
text: m-m-m-m-m-m.... the unicorn.
scene_heading: DARKNESS(os): Where is she?
text: BLIX: In the dungeon like a treasure,
dialog: Awaiting your darkest pleasure.
dialog: DARKNESS (os): Very good.... You two are not
text: entirely devoid of talent.
dialog: POX: There's m-m-more, Sire....
dialog: BLIX: Though unworthy of your magnificence,
text: Trifles without consequence,
dialog: We present with all due deference....
dialog: A gift.
dialog: DARKNESS (os): Gift....? What sort of gift?
dialog: BLIX: This thing you once called innocence.
dialog: DARKNESS (os): Innocence...? I must behold this
dialog: wonder....
text: Darkness stares into the fire.
text: As Darkness grimps the arm of his throne, his fingers start to melt,
text: dripping to the dank stone floor.
scene_heading: 64 INTERIOR DUNGEON DAY
text: Darkness bleeds through the groin vault ceiling, speading like a
text: stain across the curving stones.
text: Below, the unicorn is locked in a steel halter, a woven steel cable
text: binding her to an iron windlass.
text: The Princess paces the dark and dripping cell. Her dress is in
text: tatters, her hair tangled. There is something wild and free about
text: her now, and yet she has never appeared more alluring.
text: The melting shadow of Darkness drips from the ceiling, forming a
text: small demonic shape as it falls.
text: We hear the BEATING of Darkness' heart in time with each evil drip.
text: The sound grows LOUDER and LOUDER until the echo reverberates within
text: the vaulted chamber.
text: Lili is terrified. She looks frantically around as the pulsing rhytm
text: continues. The Princess sees nothing and hugs the unicorn's neck for
dialog: comfort.
scene_heading: 64A INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Darkness contemplates the raging flames, his heartbeat THUNDERING.
scene_heading: 65 EXTERIOR HILL ABOVE GREAT TREE BOG DAY
text: Jack and the faeries stare out at the tree-crowned ruin and
text: surrounding bog.
scene_heading: 65A EXTERIOR BOG DAY
text: Jack and the faeries wade forward through the drifting curtains of
dialog: mist.
dialog: JACK: Legend says the Dark Castle stood
dialog: in olden days when evil anarchy
dialog: ruled the land.... The wicked still
dialog: come here to sacrafice.
dialog: GUMP: They worship the demon....
dialog: SCREWBALL: It's ugly! I hate it!
dialog: GUMP: Good! You shall go first....
scene_heading: 65B INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: CLOSE ON: Darkness. For the briefest instant, we see the smouldering
text: eyes of the demon GLOWING in anitcipation out of the shadows.
scene_heading: 65C EXTERIOR BOG DAY
text: Although Jack is in no trouble, the water is rapidly growing too
text: deep for the faeries. Gump urges Screwball forward:
dialog: GUMP: Go on! Hurry up!
dialog: SCREWBALL: All the time me.
dialog: Same old story.
text: Screwball clibs up onto a floating lily pad.
text: An undulating v-shaped wake moves through the water alongside as
text: they step from lily pad to lily padf and clamber onto a long,
dialog: twisting root.
text: Without warning, an emaciated green arm shoors out of the water and
text: grabs Screwball. He is gone under the surface with a scream.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Screwball!
dialog: JACK: What was that?
dialog: GUMP: Big trouble!
text: Jack grips the hilt of his sword and rushes to the spot where
text: Screwball disappeared.
dialog: JACK: We've got to do something.
text: Before Jack can finish, Meg Mucklebones rises out of the bog behind
text: him. She tosses Screwball aside and hauls Jack into her cadaverous
dialog: embrace.
dialog: MEG: Foul tasting faerie.....! Come to
dialog: me, juicy boy!
text: Jack YELPS in horror.
dialog: MEG (cont): Who be this tender morsel
dialog: disturbing Meg Mucklebones' rest?
dialog: JACK(terrified): They call me Green
dialog: Jack ma'am.
text: The faeries watch in dismay.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Our champion's a goner, he is.
text: The fearsome hag pinches Jack with her wicked talons.
dialog: MEG: What a fine fat boy you are....
dialog: JACK: You don't mean to eat me,
dialog: do you ma'am?
dialog: MEG: Oh, indeed I do....
dialog: JACK: That would be a shame, Miss Meg.
dialog: You're so lovely. You deserve far
dialog: better than scrawny little
dialog: me....
text: The flattery gives Hairy Meg a pause; she simply can't resist it.
dialog: MEG: Hmmmm....think me fair, do you, Jack?
dialog: JACK: All the heavenly angels must
dialog: envy your beauty.
dialog: MEG: Ooooo....what a find meal you'll make,
dialog: be the rest of you as sweet
dialog: as your tongue.
dialog: JACK: Let me go and I'll sing songs
dialog: of praise to you.
dialog: MEG: Let you go? Don't be daft. I've
dialog: had naught but muskrat and snakes
dialog: all this month.... bit of rancid
dialog: goblin, too....
dialog: JACK: But....but....don't you like
dialog: my words?
dialog: MEG: Words are little help in
text: filling an empty stomach....
dialog: JACK: Then fill your soul with loveliness.
dialog: Look into your glass and feast on
dialog: beauty.
dialog: MEG: There's no looking-glass here....
dialog: Sometimes, when the moon is full,
dialog: I'll chance to see my reflection
text: in the bog.
text: Jack glances at the shield hanging over his shoulder.
dialog: JACK: My shield would serve you well.
text: Meg Mucklebones takes Jack's shield, partially releasing him from
text: her clammy clutches.
dialog: MEG: What a splendid idea!
dialog: You be so clever, Jack.
text: Hanging onto Jack with one hand, Hairy Meg bends over the shield.
dialog: JACK: Your radiance is the alchemy
text: that makes rusted steel shine like
dialog: silver.
text: Meg primps and preens: an obscene parody of a pretty maiden at her
text: vanity table.
dialog: MEG: Oooo! That's nice! I be the envy
dialog: of any princess in the land.
text: While Meg is pre occupied with her grotesque reflection, Gump
text: catches the Jack's eyes. The cunning elf silently mouths the word:
text: 'sword', pointing to his waist at the same time.
dialog: JACK: Better, you are a queen without
dialog: a peer.... a reigning angel.
text: Jack nods to Gump and silently draws his sword. Meg doesn't notice
dialog: thing.
dialog: MEG: You have such discerning taste
dialog: for so young a boy....
text: Meg turns to face him with a fearful pucker of her tattered lips.
dialog: MEG (cont): Come, Jack....give us
text: a kiss before dining.
text: Jack petrified with fear.
dialog: GUMP(shouting): Give her the kiss of
dialog: cold steel, Jack!
text: Jack swings blindly with his eyes closed. It is a lucky stroke, Meg
text: Mucklebones' head flies from her shoulders.
dialog: JACK(astonished): I did it!
text: The decapitated hag sinks back beneath the scummy surface.
text: GUMP: Like a chmapion, Jack.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Bravo!
dialog: JACK: How's Screwball?
text: SCREWBALL: Chewed, but not disgested....
text: Jack points his sword at the hollow tree.
dialog: JACK: Then on to victory!
dialog: FAERIES (all together): On to victory!
scene_heading: 65D INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: A huge fire blazes in the gaping hearth. Darkness stands before it,
text: almost a shadow in his midnight cloak.
dialog: DARKNESS: I've been an exile for too long....
dialog: banished by the sun.... forced to
dialog: hide in the bowels of the earth....
dialog: On the eve of my greatest victory, this....
dialog: child of nature appears.... It has been an eternity
dialog: since I felt such desire.... I could know
text: her in an instant. She is helpless.... and yet....
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: What is wrong with me, Father?
text: A VOICE IN THE FIRE answers Darkness; majestic and sepulrchral; the
text: flames billow out as it speaks:
dialog: VOICE: You hold the world in your grasp....
dialog: Supreme power belongs to you... yet
dialog: your triumph is meaningless!
dialog: DARKNESS: Meaningless?
dialog: VOICE: What do you gain from it? What pleasure
text: comes from ruling a pack of imps and
dialog: goblins....? Souls already black.... This
dialog: innocent creature fascinates you because
dialog: only she can appreciate the enormity
dialog: of your achievement.
dialog: DARKNESS: I'll take her then!
dialog: VOICE: A hollow victory! She remembers
dialog: the world as it was, when she loves your
dialog: new order you will triumph! Woo her....
dialog: win her.... break her spirit....
dialog: DARKNESS: Thank you, Father.... Your
dialog: wisdom is ever my guide.
dialog: VOICE: Remember.... She must desire you....
dialog: nothing else matters!
scene_heading: 65E EXTERIOR GREAT TREE DAY
text: Jack and the faeries step ashore on the island. Gump makes a
text: mystical sign with his hands.
dialog: JACK: What's that?
dialog: GUMP: For our protection, Jack. You must
dialog: be ready.... Remember, Darkness is a liar....
dialog: a treacherous fiend! Don't listen to him.
dialog: Never believe what you see.....
dialog: JACK: He won't fool me.
dialog: GUMP: Don't be so sure! No human has
dialog: ever set foot in this place before!
scene_heading: 66 INTERIOR GREAT TREE DAY
text: Jack and the faeries stare up at the massive horn embedded in the
dialog: inner tree.
text: Screwball starts to climb towards it.
dialog: SCREWBALL: What a nice big trumpet....! Bet
text: it sounds louder than anything....
text: Gump hauls him back down by the seat of his pants.
dialog: GUMP: Don't touch it! Our lives are
dialog: lost if it blows!
text: Jack finds an opening hidden between the roots of the inner tree.
dialog: JACK: In here! I've found a passage!
text: Jack drops inside.
scene_heading: 66A INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: The moment Jack enters the inner tree, a deep TREMOR reverberates
text: through the subterranean Castle of Darkness.
text: Draped in shadows before the fire, the Dark Lord looks up at this
dialog: disturbance.
text: DARKNESS (to the fire): I feel a presence....!
dialog: Some power invades my sanctity....
dialog: VOICE (from the flames): Every wolf suffers
dialog: fleas.... 'tis easy enough to
dialog: scratch!
text: The flames surge out towards Darkness, embracing him.
scene_heading: 67 INTERIOR TINY ANTECHAMBER DAY
text: Like the catacombs of Paris, the walls are decorated with bones and
text: human skulls. At each corner of the open ceiling is a carved demonic
text: head. Jack and the faeries stand looking up.
text: GUMP(gloomily): The decor of death....
dialog: BROWN TOM: Tells you somthing 'bout
dialog: him what lives here.
dialog: SCREWBALL: It's a dead end....
text: Jack searches along the ossuary walls.
dialog: JACK: Doesn't make sense.... Check
text: the walls. There must be some sort
dialog: of secret key....
text: Screwball doesn't join the other faeries in the search. He is
text: attracted by several round stone balls lying in the rubble. Picking
text: up three with a happy grin, he begins to juggle.
dialog: SCREWBALL: One-two-three....
dialog: fidde-dee-dee....
text: Gump sees what Screwball is doing and flies into a rage.
dialog: GUMP: Screwball! Drop those this
dialog: minute!
text: Screwball tosses the balls carelessly over his shoulder. One lands
text: in the stone cornice near the ceiling and rolls along, gathering
text: momentum as it passes through the open mouths of each gargoyle.
text: The balls disappears into the mouth of the final gargoyle. It is
text: swallowed with an emphatic GULP.
text: All at once, the roof slides shut above.
text: BROWN TOM(alarmed): Newt-finger marmalade!
text: The floor pulls suddenly open and they all plummet SCREAMING into
text: empty space. Luna circles, a dot of light above tthe bottomless pit.
dialog: LUNA (wee voice): Oh, dear.... Oh, dear...
text: The tiny faerie whirls in a blur of indecision before streaking down
text: into the dark opening after her falling friends.
scene_heading: 68 INTERIOR CAVE CHUTE DAY
text: Like prisoners on a fairground helter-skelter, Jack and the faeries
text: spin down a seemingly endless curvinbg chute.
dialog: GUMP(singing): When times're hard and thing look bad,
dialog: Don't feel blue and don't feel sad....
dialog: JACK: How can you sing at a time
dialog: like this?
dialog: GUMP: Can you think of anything
dialog: better to do?
text: They hurtle through festooned cobwebs, stirring up smokey clouds of
text: ancient dust.
scene_heading: 69 INTERIOR CAGE AND ALCOVE DAY
text: The end of the chute opens into an iron cage. Jack and the faeries
text: tumble through onto a pile of straw. Luna is right behind, bright as
text: a firefly.
text: BROWN TOM: Ouch! Ow!
dialog: SCREWBALL: Where are we?
text: Gump stares woefully at the iron bars.
dialog: GUMP: Some place we don't want to be!
text: A scuffling NOISE in the far side of the cage attracts their
text: attention. Blunder pops up from a pile of straw, still wearing his
dialog: helmet.
text: BLUNDER: Shhhh! What is this?
dialog: A chatterbox convention?
dialog: SCREWBALL: Who be you, bucket-head?
dialog: GUMP: Stay clear of that imp! He's
dialog: a hell hound goblin!
dialog: BLUNDER: What I am won't help me
dialog: none, nor you neither....
text: Blunder pulls off his helmet. He is Screwball's indenical twin!
dialog: BLUNDER(cont): ....even if you is my brother!
text: Screwball can't believe his eyes.
text: SCREWBALL(astonished) Blunder...!
dialog: BLUNDER: Screwball....!
text: They rush into each other's arms.
text: GUMP (to Jack): A Buttercup family reunion....!
dialog: I can't believe it.... Last I remember,
text: he sold Screwball a jug of dragon's tears
dialog: that turned out to be cow piss!
dialog: SCREWBALL: What happened to you?
text: BLUNDER(flexing his bird claw): It's a long story....
dialog: Let's just say I went look for adventure and
dialog: found more'n I could handle....
dialog: Doesn't matter now anyway... We're all of us
dialog: in the same fix....
dialog: JACK: Just what sort of fix is that?
dialog: BLUNDER: The kitchen of the Lord of
dialog: Darkness! All of us be on his menu!
text: SCREWBALL: I knew it! I knew it! Should
dialog: of stayed at home....
dialog: BLUNDER: That's right, brother, me'n you
dialog: is barbeque!
dialog: BROWN TOM: Wish I had a drink....
dialog: JACK: Only dead meat waits for the
dialog: stewpot! Spring the lock, Gump!
text: Gump examines the huge padlock with a frown.
dialog: GUMP (wearily): Iron is sore trouble for elves.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Magic's no good against it.
text: Jack slumps down in the corner to think things over. The faeries
text: mill about by the opposite wall.
text: Jack stares at the bars. Luna orbits his head.
text: JACK: I know I promised.... but it's the only way....
text: Luna buzzes him furiously.
dialog: JACK(cont): Sure it's a secret... It'll
dialog: keep forever when we're all dead....
text: Jack glances guiltily at the whirling dot of LIGHT.
dialog: JACK(cont) (to Gump): Why not have Luna fly
dialog: out between the bars and find a key?
text: GUMP(shaking his head): She's much too small....
dialog: could never lift it...
dialog: JACK(blurting it out): Not if she changes
dialog: sizes like she can!
dialog: GUMP: What?
text: There is a bright FLASH of faerie-light and Luna stands full-sized
text: before them, her gossamer wings a-tremble.
dialog: GUMP(cont)(outraged): You wilful sprite! How dare
dialog: you keep such secrets?
dialog: LUNA: They're mine to keep! But I'll do
dialog: what you ask.... if you kiss me, Jack.
dialog: JACK: That's easy enough.
text: Jack kisses her chastely on the cheek.
dialog: LUNA: Call that a kiss? Am I not sweet?
dialog: JACK(eager to please): Sweeter than bee
text: pollen on a summer wind.
text: Luna moves in close to Jack.
dialog: LUNA: Sweet is the wind thats blows me to
dialog: you....
text: Jack gently pushes her away.
dialog: JACK: It's not possible. I'm in love....
dialog: LUNA: A faerie's love makes anything
dialog: possible....
text: A soft cocoom of faerie LIGHT engulfs Luna. She metamorphoses within
text: it, emerging as Princess Lili.
dialog: LUNA/LILI: ....even you heart's desire.
text: Luna/Lili embraces Jack. It is sweet and tempting.
dialog: JACK(resisting): No.... this isn't real....
text: Screwball and Blunder giggle and snigger.
text: LUNA/LILI: Oh, but it is.... I'm warm and alive
dialog: and happy to be in your arms.
text: Jack is nearly enchanted, but after a delicious moment, he pushes
dialog: away.
text: JACK: I can't do it....! This is faerie glamour!
text: A brilliant aura of faerie LIGHT envelops Luna/Lili and she
text: TRANSFORMS into her true winged-form
dialog: .
dialog: LUNA(bitterly): You....! You....mortal! I
dialog: could vex you! Dance you life away!
dialog: JACK: Threats can't make you love you.
dialog: Human hearts don't work that way.
dialog: LUNA: What care I for human heart?
dialog: Soft and spiritless as porridge!
text: A faerie's heart beats fierce and free.
text: There is a furious pytotechnic whirlwind and, in an instant, Luna
text: returns to a tiny dot of LIGHT.
dialog: JACK: Luna....?
text: Without an answer, Luna flies out between the iron bars.
dialog: JACK(cont) (to the faeries): I.... didn't mean
dialog: to hurt her.
dialog: GUMP(scornful): Your fine senseibilities
dialog: have left us here to rot.
text: The SOUND of heavy footsteps approaches, accompanied by rough,
text: tuneless SINGING.
dialog: COOK(os): ....this li'l piggie went to market....
dialog: anudder li'l pigge got eat.... pig-meat
dialog: pie, l'l piggie die....
text: BLUNDER: Oh, no! He's coming...!
dialog: Hide! Hide! Hide!
text: Blunder conceals himself under a pile of straw. A deformed shadow is
text: cast across the cage.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Blunder's got the right idea!
text: Screwball hides in the straw. Jack and the other immediately do the
dialog: same.
text: A fiendish demon COOK opens the cage door. He is ten feet tall and
text: unspeakably ugly. He peers blindly inside, sniffing the air with his
text: hideous nose.
dialog: COOK: ....pig-pig-pig...
dialog: .
text: The Cook gropes inside the cage.
text: The Cook reaches deep into the straw pile in teh corner and grabs
dialog: Blunder.
dialog: BLUNDER: Help....! Lemme go...?
dialog: Turn me loose, you tub o' guts!
text: The cook hauls Blunder out, kicking and screaming. He locks the cage
text: abd stumps away.
dialog: BLUNDER(cont): I hope I give you heart-burn!
text: After a bit, the faeries and Jack peer up out of the straw.
text: SCREWBALL(woefully): Fricasseed faeries, the lot of us....
text: BROWN TON: Lambs to the slaughter....
text: Jack draws his sword.
dialog: JACK: Not without a fight!
text: Transformed back to full-size, Luna tip-toes into the alcove outside
text: the cage, her hands coyly behind her.
dialog: GUMP: Luna....!
dialog: LUNA(maliciously): You look like mourners at your
dialog: own funeral.
text: GUMP(angry): Come back to dance on
dialog: our graves!
dialog: LUNA: I'd gladly frolic on Jack's....
text: She LAUGHS and holds up a large iron key.
dialog: LUNA(cont): ....but this cage shan't be
dialog: your tomb!
text: Luna tosses the key in to Gump. Instantly, she reduces to a tiny dot
text: of LIGHT and flies out of the alcove.
dialog: GUMP: Well done!
text: Gump unlocks the barred door and they all clamber out. Screwball
text: steps on Brown Tom's head in his eagerness.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Lemme outta this stink hole!
dialog: BROWN TOM: Mind you bleeding foot!
dialog: GUMP: Shhhh!
text: Jack is the last of all.
dialog: JACK: Keep behind me in case
dialog: there's trouble.
text: Sword in hand, Jack ;eads the faeries out of the alcove into
dialog: the kitchen.
scene_heading: 70 INTERIOR KITCHEN DAY
text: Huge ovens belch fire and smoke. The vast hearth blazes. Like the
text: lower reaches of Hell, the Dark Lord's kitchen is a place where all
text: hope is abandoned.
text: Jack and the faeries creep through the brimstone haze.
text: BROWN TOM: Terrible sight for a sober
dialog: man to see....
dialog: JACK: Quiet!
text: The demon Cooks blocks the way, chopping meat with a montrous
text: cleaver, A SECOND COOK, every bit as terrifying, SNORES by the
text: hearth. Trussed to a spit, Blunder hangs upside-down nearby.
text: Jack motions the faeries on. The blind Cook turns them, sniffing the
dialog: air.
dialog: COOK: Whut be there?
text: Jack and the faeries duck behind a huge bellows.
text: SCREWBALL: ....Back in the frying pan!
text: Gump clamps his hand over Screwball's mouth.
text: Grasping his cleaver, the Cook advances towards them.
dialog: COOK(sniffing): Be it live victuals?
text: From where he hangs, Blunder sees the faeries' plight.
text: BLUNDER(calling out): Hey....!
dialog: Lard belly!
text: The Cook turns, angered by this insult.
dialog: COOK: Whut say, pip-squeak?
dialog: BLUNDER: Two things down here look
dialog: just alike!
dialog: COOK: Wuzzat?
dialog: BLUNDER: Your face and my ass!
text: The Cook GROWLS with fury.
dialog: COOK: Bash in you face! Den it no be
dialog: so pretty!
text: The Cook backhands poor Blunder, smacking him about like a punching
dialog: bag.
text: Jack and the faeries make a break for the exit.
text: Blunder manages to work one arm free from his bonds.
dialog: COOK(cont): Whut you got to say now,
dialog: pork pie?
text: Blunder rears back and punches the Cook in the jaw. Stunned,
text: he topples over over backwards a great CRASH.
scene_heading: 70A INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: The reverberations tremble through the immense underground castle.
text: Darkness listens by the fire.
dialog: DARKNESS: Do you feel it, Father....?
dialog: A force....loose in my domain....
dialog: VOICE(out of fire): Guard well what is yours!
text: DARKNESS(roaring): BRING INNOCENCE TO ME!
scene_heading: 71 INTERIOR KITCHEN CORRIDOR DAY
text: The faerie band gathers in the foul, dripping corridor. Irregular
text: torchlight casts a lurid glow across the broken stones.
text: BROWN TOM (gasping for breath):
dialog: .....saved....by a goblin.... Never
dialog: thought....I'd see....the day....
dialog: JACK: Wish we could repay the favour!
dialog: SCREWBALL: My brother can take of himself.
dialog: GUMP: Screwball's right! It's more important
dialog: we find the unicorn.
dialog: JACK: And Lili!
dialog: BROWN TOM: Where do we start?
dialog: GUMP: We must find the dungeons. Legend has
dialog: is they house such sirriw that death
dialog: is a gift....albeit one rarely granted.
text: Screwball sits down defiantly.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Think I'll stay right here thank you
dialog: very much.
text: Gump grabs hold of Screwball's ear and hauls him back up.
dialog: GUMP: Not so fast! You search with the
dialog: rest of us!
text: Screwball hugs Jack's leg.
dialog: SCREWBALL: All right! I'm going with Jack!
dialog: GUMP: No you won't. Be faster if we
dialog: split up.
text: Screwball looks both ways, deciding which seems safest.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Fine! I'm going this way!
dialog: BROWN TOM: I'm going that way!
text: They both turn and collide, falling flat on their rumps.
dialog: JACK: Wait....! Better to search in
dialog: teams, Gump and me together. Brown
dialog: TOm, you and Screwball look in the
dialog: other direction.
text: Gump hauls out his ornate timepeice.
dialog: GUMP: Right! Let's synchronise! We meet
dialog: back here in twice five hundred
text: beats of a bluebird's heart.
text: Brown Tom takes a similar timepeice from under his tunic and studies
text: its intricate interior.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Best to allow another couple dozen
dialog: butterfly breaths in case we get
dialog: thirs....er, get lost....
dialog: GUMP: No grog shops down here, Brown Tom.
dialog: JACK: Let's hurry!
text: Jack and Gump run off along the corridor, followed by Luna's glowing
text: LIGHT. Screwball watches without moving.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Know what I want to know?
dialog: BROWN TOM: What?
dialog: SCREWBALL: Why me?
text: Brown Tom gives Screwball a swift kick in his rear.
scene_heading: BROWN TOM: Why not?
text: The two little elves scamaper off together.
dialog: SCREWBALL: I hate it....I hate it....
dialog: I hate it....
scene_heading: 72 INTERIOR DUNGEON DAY
text: The iron-studded dungeon days swing magically open as Lili watches,
text: her eyes aglow with animal fire. She crouches beside the unicorn,
text: resting on her haunches in an easy feline fashion.
text: Lili rises like a sleepwalker, unable to resist the compulsion
text: luring her toward the open doorway.
text: The chained unicorn WHINNIES pitifully. Princess Lili looks back
text: without expression as she leaves.
speaker_heading: 73 DELETED
speaker_heading: 74 DELETED
scene_heading: 75 INTERIOR ANOTHER CORRIDOR DAY
text: Luna's bobbing LIGHT leads the way as Jack and Gump hurry along the
text: rubble-choked corridor. Alerted by the SOUND of something, they dart
text: into the shadows.
dialog: GUMP: Quick, Jack!
text: Jack and Gump watch in horror as a cracked EGG the size of a
text: watermelon runs down the corridor on armor-scaled chicken legs, led
text: on either side by a Demon holding a chain leash.
text: Jack draws his sword. The Demons stop and the Egg begins to crack.
dialog: JACK: I'll scramble that one!
text: Gump restrains him. The Egg cracks apart.
dialog: GUMP: Don't trust your eyes! All is
text: enchanted here.
text: The Egg breaks into pieces and a dripping winged monster emerges; a
text: diabolic cross between a bat and a pterodactyl. It emits a fearsome
text: SHRIEK and flies off down the corridor followed by the twin
dialog: attendant Demons.
text: Jack and Gump hurry on in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: 75A INTERIOR DUNGEON CORRIDOR DAY
text: Screwball and Brown Tom creep timorously forward. They are alerted
text: by the SOUNDS of something approaching. A hideously deformed shadow
text: fall across the opposite wall.
text: The two faeries clutch each other in terror and duck into the
dialog: shadows.
text: It is Princess Lili! She passes the evles' hiding place as if in a
dialog: trance.
scene_heading: 76 INTERIOR VIADUCT DAY
text: Jack and Gump emerge on a narrow span arching across the vast
text: central of the undreground castle. Similiar viaducts, above and
text: below, bridge the awesome chasm.
text: The Green Man and the faerie gawk at the sheer magnitude of it all.
dialog: JACK: Not even kings live like this....
text: On a high span above, Jack sees Princess Lili drifting by like a
dialog: somnabulist.
text: JACK (cont): My God! Gump, look! It's Lili!
dialog: GUMP: Don't believe it, Jack.
text: JACK (yelling): Lili !
text: The SOUND ECHOES through the vast space.
scene_heading: 77 INTERIOR LILI'S VIADUCT DAY
text: The Princess pauses. A section of parapet has broken off and she
text: wanders to the edge, staring down into the void. For a precarious
text: moment, she teeters on the brink, seemingly about to fall.
dialog: JACK (os) (calling): Li-li !
text: The Princess does not respond, wobbling like a dreamer on the narrow
text: edge of disaster. She leans against the ruined parapet and a bug
text: chunk of masonry breaks away, tumbling and bouncing into the abyss.
text: JACK (cont) (os) (calling): It's Ja-ack !
text: Lili's face is blank. She turns and continues blindly on her way.
scene_heading: 78 INTERIOR VIADUCT DAY
text: Jack stares up at Lili's retreating form.
text: JACK: It's her. I know it.
dialog: GUMP: Don't be so hasty! Remember who we're dealing with.
dialog: JACK: I've got to reach her!
text: Jack races off. Gump runs along behind.
scene_heading: 78A INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: The shadowy figure of Darkness looms over a band of deformed PYGMIES
text: with needle-sharp teeth and wickedly curved talons long as pitchfork
dialog: tines.
dialog: DARKNESS: My enemies approach.... destory them!
text: Darkness points an evil finger and the Pygmies scurry CACKLING off.
speaker_heading: 79 DELETED
scene_heading: 80 INTERIOR LILI'S VIADUCT DAY
text: Jack and Gump hurry out onto the arching span. The Princess is
text: nowhere in sight.
text: GUMP (running after): Slow down....!
dialog: Use some caution!
dialog: JACK: This way!
text: Jack runs on into the corridor in the direction taken by Lili. Gump
text: follows after.
scene_heading: 81 INTERIOR RAIN CORRIDOR DAY
text: Lili wanders down a long colonnade with dangling vine-like roots. A
text: glistening magic rain falls from the granite ceiling. Her blank eyes
text: stare straight ahead.
text: Jack and Gump appear at the opposite end of the passage in time to
text: see the Princess drift out of sight.
text: JACK: There she is....! Lili....!
text: Jack and Gump run to catch up, pushing through root tendrils agleam
text: with rain. Suddenly, they are attacked by SCREAMING Pygmies.
dialog: GUMP: Jack!
text: JACK (drawing his sword): Demons!
text: The nimble Pygmies leap about them, lethal talons slashing through
text: the drizzle.
text: Jack and Gump retreat, backing between clingling rootlets.
dialog: GUMP: Quick! In here!
text: Gump yanks open a heavy oaken door in the side wall and they duck
text: inside, slamming it shut in the teeth of the attacking Pygmies.
scene_heading: 81A INTERIOR SEALED CORRIDOR DAY
text: Jack strains against the door handle, struggling to keep the portal
text: shut tight. There is less space than in a closet. The corridor
text: behind them is completely bricked over.
dialog: GUMP: Trapped....!
text: CLOSE ON DOOR: With great force, the Pygmies' claws stab through the
text: thick wood like stiletties. Their needle tips are mere inches from
text: Jack and Gump.
text: The door's inner surface is studded with talons. Jack suddenly SLAMS
text: the door open with such force it swings into the side wall with a
text: loud CRASH.
text: The Pygmies' frenzied SCREAMING ends in abrupt SILENCE.
text: Jack and Gump peer cautiously out.
scene_heading: 81B INTERIOR RAIN CORRIDOR DAY
text: The Pymies hang unconscious on the other side of the door, dangling
text: from their imbedded talons.
dialog: JACK: Come on!
text: Jack and Gump run into the rain.
scene_heading: 82 INTERIOR CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
text: Jack and Gump hurry around the corner just as Lili heads towards a
text: pair of massive doors swinging slowly open at her approach.
dialog: JACK (calling): Lili! Wait!
text: Gump grabs Jack's arm and yanks him to a stop.
dialog: GUMP: Don't be daft! She's under a spell!
text: Lili enters and the doors swing closed behind her.
scene_heading: 83 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: An enormous chamber draped with black cloth surrounded by tall
text: Baroque columns. Winged demons writhe in the shadows above. A long
text: black table reaches down the centre of the room. All is lit by
text: firelight. The gaping hearth, with its entablature of monumental
text: sculpture, is flanked by a pair of massive ebony thrones, carved in
text: a hideous, twisting mass of tendons, sinews and museles.
text: When the imposing doors swing closed, Lili's spell is broken. She
text: stares in terror at her news surroundings.
text: Something weird and mysterious approaches from out of the draped
text: shadows. It is a magnificent high-collared black gown, waltzing like
text: a ghost across the black marble floor. There is no one wearing the
dialog: garment!
text: Fascinated, Lili watches the dress circle towards her. She finds it
text: irresistable. Taking hold of the gown's empty sleeves she begins to
text: dance, spinning round and round to the impulsive music.
scene_heading: 84 INTERIOR CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
text: Jack paces back and forth in front of the sealed doors.
dialog: JACK: Why did you stop me?
dialog: GUMP: We best reconnoitre. What if it's
dialog: a trap?
text: Gump and Jack strain to see through the crack between the doors.
scene_heading: 85 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili dances by herself, turning slow dreamy circles before the
text: blazing fire. She is now WEARING the splendid black gown!
text: Reflected firelight GLITTERS in the shadows. An open jewel box
text: spills its sparkling treasure onto an ornate table. Lili is lure
text: like a moth to the flame.
text: She steps up onto an oversized footstool by the table. The ebony
text: casket brims with gemstones. Lili's eyes dazzle. A carved ebony
text: figure of a skeleton turns slowly out of the centre, holding in its
text: up lifted arms the most exquisite black diamond necklace the mind
dialog: can imagine.
text: The Princess sucks in her breath. The temptation is too great. She
text: impulsively takes the necklace and hops down from the stool.
text: The high collar of her gown makes fastening the clasp difficult and
text: without thinking, she backs towards the wall, fumbling behind her
dialog: neck.
text: She leans against a sculpted marble frieze of souls in torment,
text: concentrating on the tricky clasp. All at once, a piece of sculpture
text: becomes ANIMATE. Powerful arms reach out to fasten the necklace. For
text: a moment Lili doesn't notice, grateful for the help. Then, she
text: realises what is happening and SCREAMS.
text: The musular black arms reach for her as she pulls away in terror.
text: Lili turns to run, but is stopped short by her reflection in a tall
text: cheval glass mirror. She looks furtively about, making certain she
text: is unobserved. Alone, she admires her perfect image.
text: CLOSE ON MIRROR: Beneath Lili's pleased expression we see the evil
text: face of Darkness APPEAR like a man emerging from under water.
text: Darkness penetrates the surface of the mirror.
text: Lili backs away, GASPING soundlessly with terror.
text: Darkness steps forth through the glass into the room, clad in black
dialog: finery.
text: Lili staggers. Darkness reaches to embrace her and the Princess
text: SHRIEKS at the top of her lungs. The moment he touches her shoulder,
text: she slumps tothe floor, unconscious.
text: Darkness stands over the fallen girl, his heartbeat pulsing like
text: muffled thunder. Something almost like a smile creases his hideous
text: features as he rolls a lock of Lili's hair between his clawed
dialog: fingers.
text: The Princess blinks and opens her eyes. She is horrified to find
text: Darkness kneeling over her and frantically tries to get away.
dialog: DARKNESS: Do not be afraid, lady....
text: Lili GASPS like a stranded fish. She is catatonic with fear.
scene_heading: DARKNESS (cont): I mean you no harm.
text: Darkness offers the Princess his hand.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): How like you my gifts...? Does
dialog: the gown not please you? Come....
dialog: tell me....
text: Lili's terror renders her speechless.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): The colour is most suitable... We
dialog: sanctify the death of the old world
dialog: and the birth of a new order....
dialog: You are the guest of honour.
text: Lili WEEPS and tugs at the black dress.
dialog: LILI: ....of dishonour...! Take this
dialog: away.... Please! I beg you!
text: Darkness advances on Lili. The slow kettldrum THROB of his heart
text: underscores his words.
text: DARKNESS: Your soul in like some dark nectar....
dialog: I cannot rest unril I taste its
dialog: sweetness.
dialog: LILI (frantic): Never! I hate you! I hate this
dialog: dress!
dialog: DARKNESS: Can you speak so of your bridal
dialog: gown....?
text: LILI (screaming): Nooooooooo!
scene_heading: 86 INTERIOR CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
text: Jack and Gump listen by the closed doors to Lili's peircing scream
text: (OS). Jack is desparate and half-draws his sword from the scabbard.
dialog: JACK: What has he done to her?
text: Gump restrains the boy.
dialog: GUMP: You have no power to stop it....
dialog: Be thankful she lives.
text: Jack shoves his sword back in disgust.
dialog: JACK (bitterly): Some champion....
dialog: What good is this fancy sword?
dialog: GUMP: It's not the sword that counts, but
dialog: the man who swings it....
scene_heading: 87 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili slumps to the cold stone floor, WEEPING. Darkness bends
text: solicitously over her.
dialog: DARKNESS: Why the tears?
text: LILI (sobbing): ....everything is lost....
dialog: poor Jack....
dialog: DARKNESS: Why weep for him? He left you
dialog: alone to die!
dialog: LILI: No! He'd never do that! He was
dialog: killed....like everything else....
text: DARKNESS (glancing over his shoulder): Yes.... But
dialog: why mourn? You have a new and grander destiny!
dialog: LILI: Consort of some cowardly vile toad
text: who slinks through the night!
dialog: DARKNESS: Not so! I requite to shadow's
dialog: solace and dark of the night.... Sunshine is my
dialog: destroyer!
dialog: LILI (scornful): You think you're so powerful....
dialog: and hide in the ground like a mole!
text: DARKNESS (smiling): This too will change.
dialog: The last unicorn dies tonight....!
text: As her blood ebbs, the sun sets forever.
dialog: There shall never be another dawn!
dialog: LILI (horrified): No....! You can't....
dialog: You mustn't....
text: Darkness throws back his evil head and LAUGHS.
scene_heading: 88 INTERIOR CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
text: The demonic LAUGHTER of Darkness carries through the massive doors.
dialog: JACK: He means to kill the mare, Gump!
dialog: GUMP: Don't mourn the corpse
dialog: 'til the coffin's in the ground.
dialog: DARKNESS (OS): My dominion shall encompass
dialog: the enternal night!
dialog: GUMP: As long as the sun still shines,
dialog: so does hope!
dialog: JACK (bitterly: Sun doesn't shine down here.
text: Jack fingers Lili's silver medallion hanging around his neck
text: and from out of the blue, inspiration strikes.
text: JACK (cont) (grinning): Wait a minute....! I
dialog: think I know a way.
scene_heading: 89 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili stares at Darkness with terror and loathing.
dialog: DARKNESS: The world shall be at last as
dialog: nature intended....a place of chaos and
dialog: anarchy!
dialog: LILI: You're mad!
dialog: DARKNESS: Aye, Lady, and proud to be so!
dialog: For in madness lies the soul of all
dialog: that's noble.... Can you fathom the loneliness
dialog: of untold eons lived in darkness? My spirit
dialog: was forged in that black fire....
dialog: LILI: You live alone because you are
dialog: loathsome! The contagion of your wicked heart demands
dialog: isolation.
dialog: DARKNESS: Nay, mistress. I've found
dialog: my mate and you know it. We're just
dialog: alike, you and I. Beneath the skin
dialog: we are already one.
speaker_heading: LILI: Never!
dialog: DARKNESS: 'Twas your sin trapped the unicorn.
dialog: Even now, the evil seed of what you've
dialog: done blooms within you!
dialog: LILI (shrieking): You lie! You're
dialog: repulsive!
text: DARKNESS (stung by her words): No more so than you!
dialog: Can't you sense it? That is why I desire you.
dialog: I need someone to share the dark secrets of my
dialog: soul.
dialog: LILI: You....? You disgust me! You're
dialog: nothing but a beast!
dialog: DARKNESS: Everyone is a beast....only most are
dialog: afraid to see it!
text: Darkness compels Lili over to the mirror with the force of his will.
speaker_heading: 90 LILI'S POV : MIRROR
text: Lili sees her reflection in the glass. The lovely feminine
text: features ALTER into those of a cat-like beast.
dialog: DARKNESS (os): This mirror shows how we really are....
dialog: Behold your true reflection.
scene_heading: 91 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili pulls free from his graps and turns from the glass. Her
text: face remains lovely and unchanged.
dialog: LILI (frantic): No! You're working magic on me!
dialog: I won't believe it!
dialog: DARKNESS: My Lady misjudges me... I am no
dialog: common trickster.... look at
dialog: you hands!
text: Lili's fingers transform before her eyes: hooked claws spring from
text: their tips, coarse black hair pushes the skin.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont) (Laughing): My mirror
dialog: never lies.
text: Lili's lovely face undergoes the same tranmutation she
text: witnessed in the mirror. She feels fur-covered sheeks and
text: pointed ears. This time, her SCREAM is hysterical.
text: Darkness places a protective arm around Lili.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): Glory in your animal nature.
dialog: It is your triumph!
dialog: LILI: I'm hideous!
dialog: DARKNESS: No! The puling, pallid creature you
dialog: were was truly something disgusting.
dialog: Now you are magificent.... a fierce goddess!
text: Lili jerks away, HISSING and showing her claws.
speaker_heading: LILI: Damn you!
dialog: DARKNESS: We are both of us damned, my Queen.
text: Darkness bows with mock formality, ALTERING into his own shadows,
text: which slides through a crack in the paving stones.
text: Lili cannot resist her reflection. Horrified anew. she falls to the
text: floor, WEEPING.
scene_heading: 91A EXTERIOR SKY DAY
text: Round and red, the great disc of the setting sun slides towards the
text: distant horizon.
scene_heading: 92 INTERIOR CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
text: Crazed by anxiety, Jack finds the keyhole and cups his hands around
dialog: it.
text: JACK (calling out): Lili....? Can you
dialog: hear me....?
scene_heading: 93 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili huddles WEEPING on the cold stones.
dialog: JACK (os): ....Lili....?
text: At the sound of Jack's voice, the Princess looks up with a start.
dialog: LILI: ....Jack?
dialog: JACK (os): Over here....
dialog: By the door....
text: Lili turns eagerly turns to the door.
dialog: LILI: Oh, Jack....dear Jack! Can it
dialog: really be you? I was afraid you
dialog: were dead.
scene_heading: 93A INTERIOR CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
dialog: JACK: Thank God you're all right! I didn't
dialog: know what to do.... I never want to
dialog: lose you again....
scene_heading: 93B INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili pauses before the keyhole, out of Jack's line of sight.
dialog: LILI: Jack, my love....my precious
dialog: love! I pray it's you and not more
dialog: wicked magic.
scene_heading: 93C CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
dialog: JACK: It's me, you can be sure of that....
dialog: and there's magic on our side, too.
scene_heading: 93D INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
dialog: LILI: It's all my fault....the unicorn....
dialog: everything....
dialog: JACK (os): My fault as much as yours....
dialog: Don't worry. We're here to save you.
dialog: LILI (sadly): I'm far past saving,
dialog: sweet Jack....
text: A huge tears wells in Lili's eye and flies out toward the keyhole,
text: defying gravity.
scene_heading: 94 INTERIOR CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili's tear flies through the keyhole and strikes Jack's face like a
text: horizontal raindrop. He touches the spot curiously.
dialog: GUMP (amazed): How did you do that?
dialog: JACK (to Gump): I didn't do anything....
dialog: (into keyhole) let me see your face.
dialog: It will give me hope....
text: Jack strains to see through the keyhole.
scene_heading: 95 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili stares at the keyhole in horror.
dialog: JACK (os): ....just to glimpse your smile....
dialog: LILI (grief-stricken): No.... I can't....
dialog: forget me, Jack....
text: The Princess reaches out her animal's paw and covers the keyhole.
scene_heading: 96 INTERIOR CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GREAT HALL DAY
text: As the LIGHT in the opening grows DARK, Jack tenderly places his
text: hand next to Lili's.
dialog: JACK: Lili....? I love you....
text: Gump pulls frantically on Jack's arm.
dialog: GUMP: Come, Jack. We've no time
dialog: to spare.... Remember your plan?
text: Sadly, Jack takes his hand from the keyhole and follows Gump back
text: along the corridor.
scene_heading: 97 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Princess Lili lies SOBBING. High above, the winged figures watch
text: her. The music THROBS, underscoring a low, rhythmic CHANTING. Like
text: some ghastly chorus fro, Hell, the living statuary sings in unison
dialog: to Lili:
text: STATUARY (singing): Bride of Night.... Bride of Night....
dialog: Darkness is your heart's delight!
dialog: Hail to Darkness! Hail the Night!
dialog: His the Power and the Might!
dialog: Master of Chaos, Lord of Doom,
dialog: Sing his praises from the tomb!
text: Lili lifts her head, listening to the sepulchral SINGING. Her eyes
text: burn like a tiger's. She bares her fangs, and from her throat issues
text: a bone-chilling HOWL.
scene_heading: 98 INTERIOR DUNGEON CORRIDOR DAY
text: Screwball and Brown Tom stop short in their tracks when they hear
text: the SOUND of a distant HOWL echoes in the shadows.
text: SCREWBALL (trembling): I vote we run like hell!
text: The two faeries scamper off into darkness.
scene_heading: 99 INTERIOR DUNGEON CORRIDOR DAY
text: Gump, Jack and a woman-sized Luna wait outside the kitchen door as
text: Brown Tom and Screwball come running up. Gump studies his ornate
dialog: timepiece.
dialog: GUMP: Where were you? In another three flicks
text: of a badger's tail it'll be half-past.
text: SCREWBALL: Sorry....time slips away
dialog: when you're having so much fun.
text: BROWN TOM (out of breath): We....found the mare
text: ....chained....in the dungeon below.
text: Gump shoves his timepiece back in his belt.
dialog: GUMP: Excellant.... Who has a bit of
dialog: parchment?
text: The two faeries search in their clothing. Screwball produces a
text: plethora of trash: marbles, string, old doll's eyes, coloured bird's
text: eggs, ancient coins, etc. At last he finds a crumbled peice of
text: sheepskin.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Here.... I was saving it
dialog: to write me will on.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Where there's a will there's
dialog: a....
dialog: GUMP: Shush, both of you....! Jack has a
dialog: plan....a good one....
text: Gump squats on the floor, and, using a triangle and some charcoal,
text: divides the parchment into mysterious lines and angles.
dialog: GUMP (mumbling): ....angle of refraction equals....
dialog: angle of incidence....multiplied by a
dialog: factor of fourty.....divided by the
dialog: square root of a google-plex....
text: Gump SNAPS his fingers triumphantly.
dialog: GUMP (cont): Perfect! It will work like a charm, Jack!
dialog: JACK: Let's get started! What we need to
text: do is sneak back into the kitchen and
dialog: gather all the plates and
dialog: platters....
dialog: SCREWBALL: Oh no! Not me! Seen enough
dialog: of that kitchen, I have!
dialog: BROWN TOM: Don't be so pig-headed!
dialog: You can trust Gump.
dialog: SCREWBALL: I'd sooner trust a rat
dialog: in the ghetto!
dialog: BROWN TOM: Well.... trust Jack then.
text: Jack eases open the kitchen door.
dialog: JACK: Remember....just the shiny ones....
text: Jack leads the way back into the kitcheb. Gump urges the other two
dialog: to follow.
dialog: GUMP: ....and be quiet! Soft as
dialog: thistledown, that's the faerie way.
scene_heading: 100 INTERIOR KITCHEN DAY
text: Jack and the faeries tiptoe cautiosuly into the kitchen.
text: Both Demon Cooks are asleep, the encountered first is stretched out
text: across his chopping block, SNORING like a dragon with indisgestion.
text: The unfortunate Blunder turns slowly over the coals, hog-tied to a
text: spit. A bright red apple is stuffed in his mouth. Jack and Gump rush
text: to his side.
text: Gump pulls the apple from Blunder's mouth.
dialog: BLUNDER (frantic): Get me outta here! Please!
dialog: While I'm still medium rare!
dialog: GUMP: Quiet....! You're a free imp
dialog: on one condition....
text: BLUNDER(very loud): Condition....! What condition?
dialog: Loose me or I'll make such....
text: Gump shoves the apple back into Blunder's mouth, stoppering his loud
dialog: complaint.
dialog: GUMP: Any more noise and you're
dialog: shish-ka-bob....
text: Blunder nods eagerly.
dialog: GUMP (cont): You do what we tell you....
dialog: understand?
text: More eager nodding from Blunder.
dialog: GUMP (cont): Swear it!
text: Gump pulls the apple out of Blunder's mouth.
text: BLUNDER: I swear! On the festering
dialog: forelock of Nicodemus!
text: Jack cuts Blunder's bonds and the little imp hops nibmly out of the
dialog: fireplace.
dialog: BLUNDER: A thousand thanks....
text: Jack boosts Gump and Screwball up onto the mantle where the polished
text: plates are stacked.
dialog: JACK: Up we go!
text: Luna TRANSFORMS into a dot of LIGHT and flies up to the cimnet
text: pieces, REMATERIALISING there in her full size.
dialog: JACK (cont): Your turn, Blunder.
text: Jack lifts Blunder onto his shoulds so he can climb to the first
text: level of the three-tiered mantle. Blunder joins Screwball, Gump and
text: Luna as they rush about the mantlepiece, frantically gathering
text: shield-sized plates.
text: One by one, the faeries toss the plates down to Jack, who stacks
text: them in Brown Tom's arms.
text: Brown Tom staggers through the kitchen carrying a teetering tower of
text: plates. He can't see where he is going and trips over the nozzle of
text: the giant bellows.
text: The plates fall with a deafening CRASH!
text: Both ferocious blind Cooks are awakened by the NOISE.
dialog: SECOND COOK: Huh....! Wuzzat?
text: Jack and the faeries freeze in place as the Cook rises and pulls his
text: huge cleaver from the chopping block.
text: COOK (sniffing the air): Meat....! Me
dialog: smells fresh meat!
text: Jack draws his sword and steps between the awesome Cook and Brown
text: Tom, sprawled helplessly on the floor.
dialog: SECOND COOK: Find meat!
dialog: JACK: Over here!
text: The blind cook lunges for Jack. He wields his deadly cleaver with
dialog: amazing accuracy for one without sight.
dialog: COOK: Chop it up!
text: Jack ducks past the Cook, smacking him on the leg with the flat of
text: his blade. The huge demon YELPS in pain.
text: The Second Cook picks up a skillet, wielding it like a club.
dialog: SECOND COOK: Smash....! Me smash!
text: Jack is caught between the two demon Cooks. He cannot face one
text: without turning his back on the other.
text: Gump sees Jack's predicament and leaps from the mantle onto the
text: Second Cook's head with a wild CRY:
dialog: GUMP: Schweinhundt!
text: Gump clings to the Second Cook like a terrier, confusing him and
text: giving Jack time to dart acrobatically out of the way.
text: JACK (jabbing the Cook): Gotcha!
dialog: COOK: Cut you in half!
text: A mighty swing from the Cook misses Jack, who executes a nimble
text: back-flip. The Cook cleaves through a hanging side of meat by
dialog: mistake.
text: The Second Cook grabs hold of Gump and shakes him.
text: SECOND COOK: Sweet, sweet blood....
text: Up on the mantle, Screwball and Blunder exchange a helpless look.
dialog: Gump is a goner unless they do something. They a simultaneous
text: unspoken conclusion, and leap onto the Second Cook's back.
text: SCREWBALL (calling out): Rooster toes....!
text: BLUNDER (calling out): ....pig whiskers!
text: Faced with this new twin threat, the Second Cook drops GUmp, who
text: immediately bities him on the leg.
text: SECOND COOK: Whut.....! Who now? Ouch!
text: Jack fights a rearguard action, stabbing at the savage Cook as he
dialog: retreats.
dialog: JACK: Best you can do?
dialog: COOK: You gonna be mince-meat!
text: Jack back onto a steep stone ramp against the far wall.
dialog: JACK: Got to catch me first!
text: The Cook's cleaver CLANGS against the ramp, missing Jack by inches.
text: The Second Cook has his hands full. Brown Tom has joined the fray
text: and clings to his other leg while Blunder and Screwball claw and
text: punch at his head.
text: SCREWBALL &amp; BLUNDER: Hit him....!
dialog: Sock him....!
text: Staggering under the full weight of the faerie onslaught, the Second
text: Cook lurches in circles.
text: SECOND COOK: Kill....! Smash....!
text: Furious, the Second Cook swings his heavy skillet at Screwball and
text: Blunder. He misses them completely, hitting himself square on the
text: head and knocking himself out.
text: The faeries leap off as the demon toppes backwards into the
dialog: fireplace.
dialog: GUMP: We must help Jack!
text: The faeries race to the foot of the ramp. Jack parries the Cook's
text: fearsome swing. The Cook presses him relentlessly. The CLASH of
text: steel rings through the cavernous kitchen.
text: The faeries start up the ramp like a tiny cheering section.
dialog: BLUNDER: Stick him a good one!
text: SCREWBALL: Cut him down to size, Jack!
text: Giant wine barrels are stacked at tge top of the ramp. The Cook back
text: Jack against them. There is no further room for retreat.
dialog: COOK: Gonna spill your guts, boy.
text: The Cook swings his cleaver from the hip. Jack nimbly springs out of
text: harm's way. The cleaver drives full force into one of the chocks
text: supporting the pyramid of wine barrels.
text: GRUMBLING, the Cook yanks his cleaver free. This pulls the chock
text: loose from under the bottom barrel.
dialog: COOK (cont) (Listening): Wuzzat....?
text: The entire stack of barrels shifts, rolling towards the Cook.
dialog: COOK (cont): Bad news!
text: The Cook runs for his life. The huge hogshead RUMBLE forward in a
text: wooden avalanche.
text: Jack crouches at the top of the ramp. As the Cook runs past he
text: sticks the sword-blade between his legs and trips him up.
text: The Cook tumbles, head over heels, down the ramp.
text: Half-way up, the faerie band sees the giant barrels ROLLING towards
dialog: them.
text: SCREWBALL (horrified): Sodom and Glockamora!
text: The faeries turn and run.
text: The barrels CRASH on top of the fallen Cook, knocking him senseless
text: as they CONTINUE rolling.
text: The faeries dive for cover in the arched opening of the kitchen
text: doorway at the bottom of the ramp.
text: The barrels CRUNCH into the kitchen wall. Because they are larger
text: than the doorway, the faeries crouching inside are spared.
text: Oceans of wine flood out in a dark tidal wave, forcing the door and
text: washing the little people into the corridor beyond.
scene_heading: 101 INTERIOR KITCHEB CORRIDOR DAY
text: Brown Tom is beside himself with delight. He scoops up wine with
text: Screwball's helmet and pours it on top of his head..
text: BROWN TOM: Whoopeeeeeee!
text: Jack appears in the shattered doorway, sword in hand.
dialog: JACK: Hate to break up the
dialog: party, but there's work to be
dialog: done!
text: Gump jumps to his feet.
dialog: GUMP: Hurry! Get those plates~
text: Jack sheathes his sword and rushes into the kitchen.
text: Screwball and Blunder follow, but Brown Tom lingers behind, scooping
text: the helmet full of wine.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Just a wee taste....
text: Gump kicks Brown Tom smartly in the pants.
dialog: GUMP: Move! Or I make your head ring
dialog: worse than any hangover!
text: Gump chases Brown Tom back into the kitchen.
scene_heading: 101A INTERIOR KITCHEN DAY
text: The faeries gather up the fallen plates. Jack stares thoughtfully at
text: the fireplace, where the body of the Second Cook has snuffed out the
text: flames.
dialog: GUMP: What's on your mind, Jack?
dialog: JACK: Smoke rising.... That chimney
dialog: must go clear to the top.
text: Gump peers into the hearth.
dialog: GUMP: Not much to hold onto. Take a
text: peapod pixie to make the climb.
text: Screwball steps proudly forward.
text: SCREWBALL: I'll do it!
text: The faeries are astonished. Screwball never volunteers.
dialog: GUMP: What? Can I believe my ears?
dialog: SCREWBALL: Don't see why not. Ain't
dialog: I small enough for the job?
dialog: BLUNDER (proudly): No job's too
dialog: small for the Buttercup brothers....
text: SCREWBALL (on his knees: Please, Gump.... let me try.
dialog: I know I'm always trouble, but I want
dialog: to make it up to you....
dialog: Prove that I won't let you down.
dialog: BROWN TOM: Be sure ya don't fall down!
dialog: GUMP: All right! Do it! But be swift.
dialog: SCREWBALL: Thank you....thank you....
dialog: You'll never regret it....
text: Jack boosts Screwball up into the chimney.
dialog: JACK: I'm proud of you, Screwball.
dialog: (handing him a plate)
dialog: Don't drop it....
dialog: GUMP (calling up): We'll send Luna with
text: a signal when all is ready.
scene_heading: 101B INTERIOR CHIMNEY DAY
text: Screwball clings to the smoke-blackened bricks, staring up the
text: nearly endless shaft at a small circle of light far above.
scene_heading: BROWN TOM (os) (calling from below): Always
dialog: knew you'd be going places, Screwball....
dialog: Good luck....!
dialog: SCREWBALL (to himself): I'm goin' places,
dialog: all right.... straight to the top and on
dialog: outta this hell-hole.... No more
dialog: kitchen....no more demons.... Just the
dialog: easy life for Screwball Buttercup....
scene_heading: 101C INTERIOR KITCHEN DAY
text: A shining gold plate is propper on the Secnd Cook smouldering in the
dialog: fireplace.
text: Luna positions another plate against the bellows, taking care to get
dialog: the angle right.
text: Gump stands between the bellows and the shattered kitchen door,
text: measuring the nagle with a curious hand-held instrument.
dialog: GUMP: Little more to the left, Luna....
dialog: that's better..just a touch more....
dialog: perfect.
scene_heading: 101D INTERIOR KITCHEN CORRIDOR DAY
text: Blunder and Brown Tom run off carrying armloads of plates.
text: Jack leans a platter against the corridor wall, adjsuting it
dialog: precisely.
dialog: JACK (calling): How's that, Gump?
dialog: GUMP (os): Dead centre....!
scene_heading: 102 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili's tears have dried. She prowls the majestic hall with regal
text: dignity. Something magic occurs at the baquet table: each crystal
text: goblet fills mysteriously with black wine as she passes; every empty
text: bowl and platter suddenly is heaped with an incredible things to
dialog: eat-all of it black!
text: The food is beautiful in spite on its colour. Lili stares a it with
text: undisguised hunger. Some animal instinct warns her not to trust this
text: gleaming ebony feast, but she's famished and snatches up an apple
text: bright as ploish anthracite.
dialog: DARKNESS (os): Good....eat....
text: Lili GASPS, dropping the apple. Darkness sits in one of the twin
text: grostesque thrones flanking the hearth.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): The food is for your enjoyment.
dialog: LILI: I don't want it! I'm
dialog: not hungry!
dialog: DARKNESS: Do you lie just to please me?
dialog: LILI: I do nothing for your pleasure!
text: Darkness gestures to the opposing throne.
dialog: DARKNESS: You are so like a child, milady.
dialog: Sit, and we'll talk.
text: Lili makes no move towards the chair.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS (CONT) (gently): Like a
dialog: child, you expect anger and
dialog: defiance will upset me.... These
dialog: are the qualities I admire most....
text: Lili snarls, fangs gleaming in the firelight.
dialog: LILI: So.... I'd love to rip out your
dialog: throat, yet it would pain you more
dialog: if I licked your hand....
dialog: DARKNESS: All I desire is that you
dialog: sit in that chair and talk with me.
text: Lili approaches the grotesque throne. Like some impossible organism,
text: it pulses in anticipation.
dialog: LILI: Sit....? Here....?
dialog: DARKNESS: Yes. Please....
dialog: LILI: I prefer to stand.
text: For a moment, Darkness nearly sucumbs to anger. The viens in his
text: forehead throb. His talons grip his throne in a spam of fury.
text: DARKNESS (snarling): Sit....!
text: Darkness shrewdly realises rage won't work and he relaxes with a
text: twisted smile.
dialog: DARKNESS: (cont): .....or stand. As
dialog: you wish.... It's enough that we're
dialog: alone together.... just the two of
dialog: us....
scene_heading: 102A CLOSE: MATCHING FIREPLACE OPPOSITE
text: Across the Great Hall from the blazing hearth is an identical
text: fireplace. This one is cold, but not empty. Covered with soot and as
text: black as a Moor, Screwball climbs into VIEW between the massive
dialog: andirons.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS (cont) (os): All of time
dialog: awaits us....why not make a start.
text: Screwball puts down his plate and tiptoes into the Great Hall
text: towards the banqueting table.
dialog: LILI (os): A start at what....?
scene_heading: 102B INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Darkness leans forward in his throne, smiling at Lili.
dialog: DARKNESS: Simple conversation....
dialog: LILI: What do we possibly have to
dialog: talk about?
dialog: DARKNESS: Thoughts....dreams....
dialog: ambitions....
dialog: LILI: I have no interest in your
dialog: foul ambition.
dialog: DARKNESS: Desire then....surely we
dialog: beasts all have desire.
scene_heading: 102C INTERIOR GREAT HALL (MATCHING FIREPLACE OPPOSITE) DAY
text: Unseen, Screwball climbs up onto the banquet table. He can't believe
text: his good fortune. A bounteous feast surrounds him.
speaker_heading: LILI (os): You'd never dream what
dialog: I desire....
dialog: DARKNESS (os): Don't be so sure....
dialog: Dreams are my speciality
text: Screwballs stuffs his tunic with black fruit. He rushes about,
text: treading on the feast in his crazed delirium at beung surrounded by
dialog: such plenty.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS (cont) (os): It is through
dialog: dreams I influence mankind. I have
dialog: dreams of my own.... dreams of enternity
dialog: with you....no more silence....no
dialog: more loneliness....
scene_heading: 102D INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Lili LAUGHS in the face of Darkness.
dialog: LILI (scornfully): Such drivel! You
dialog: sound like some simpering schoolboy!
dialog: DARKNESS: I'll wager there was a
dialog: time when the attention of a
dialog: devoted schoolbvoy were entirely to
dialog: your liking.
text: Lili regards her claws with a savage sneer.
dialog: LILI (snarling): I know what I'd do
dialog: with such meat now!
dialog: DARKNESS: ....all things change, lady.
dialog: The pleasures of youth become the
dialog: regrets of maturity....
text: A loud CRASH on the banquet table causes Darkness to look around. He
text: SEES Screwball standing by the centrepiece, about to shove a whole
text: chicken in his mouth.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont) (angry): What're
dialog: you doing here?
text: Blackened with soot, Screwball easily passes for a goblin.
dialog: SCREWBALL (all innocence): .....am
dialog: I early....?
dialog: DARKNESS: You impudent imp!
dialog: SCREWBALL: I thought the invitation
dialog: said half-past....
text: DARKNESS (roaring): GET OUT!
text: Screwball gets the message. He drops the chicken and hops down off
text: the banquet table, running to the opposite fireplace for all he's
dialog: worth.
text: DARKNESS (cont) (gently to Lili): Sit....
dialog: I value your thoughts. Why not share them
dialog: with me?
text: Lili looks at the grotesque throne.
dialog: LILI: No more than that....just sit?
text: DARKNESS (nodding): Sit....
text: Lili steps up onto the oversized footstool. Inches behind her, the
text: monstrous throne swells and throbs like an organic creature, the
text: powerful sinews rippling with desire.
dialog: LILI (a feline smile): Doesn't
dialog: seem such an outrageous request....
text: The Princess prepares to sit, her luscious, silk-swathed bottom only
text: inches from the lavcivious surface of the squirming throne.
dialog: DARKNESS: You'll never regret granting
dialog: me this favour....
text: Lili's eyes glitter as she teases him.
dialog: LILI: What shall we talk about?
dialog: DARKNESS (impatient): Just sit!
text: The febric of Lili's gown brushes the writihing throne. In another
text: second she will be sitting. Unexpectedly, she stands up tall on the
dialog: footstool.
dialog: LILI: Such a disagreeable chair....must
dialog: be terribly uncomfortable. I think
dialog: I'll stand if you don't mind.
text: Darkness barely controls his raging anger.
dialog: DARKNESS: I prefer you to sit!
dialog: LILI: I'd rather stand, thank you.
text: Darkness's forehead swells with fury.
dialog: DARKNESS: Sit!
dialog: LILI: No.... Not now....
text: Darkness puffs like an adder in his frenzy, rising up to tower over
dialog: Lili.
dialog: DARKNESS (roaring): I command you to sit!
text: Lili is utterly unafraid. She LAUGHS at the swollen image of
dialog: Darkness.
dialog: LILI: Don't be silly.
text: Lili hops down from the footstool.
text: DARKNESS (screaming with rage): SIT, DAMN YOU!
text: Lili sashays past him, twitching her gown in an unashamedly wanton
text: fashion. Her hearty LAUGH is as loud as the outraged ROARS of
dialog: Darkness.
dialog: LILI (laughing): Never.... never....
speaker_heading: 103-110 DELETED
scene_heading: 110A INTERIOR DUNGEON CHASM DAY
text: Jack scales a plate like a golden discus across the chasm to Brown
text: Tom waiting on the viaduct above.
text: Jack hurls another plate.
text: Suddenly, the Winged Monster, hatched from the walking Egg, glides
text: SHRIEKING from the shadows. It catches the plate in its saw-toothed
text: beak and dives at Jack. Gump sees it first.
dialog: GUMP: Jack....!
text: Dropping the plate, the Winged Monster rips at Jack. The Green Man
text: draws his sword and defends himself. The fight is savage and brief.
text: Jack hacks the Monster out of the air. It lies, flapping and broken
text: at his feet. Gump touches him sympathetically on the arm.
dialog: JACK: ....I'm all right....Let's
dialog: get on....to the dungeon....
dialog: GUMP (pensive): You have power
dialog: within I never imagined.
scene_heading: 111 INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Darkness stares at the Princess in a towering rage. She
text: flirtatiously pretends to be interested in a bit of fruit before
text: rejecting it in favour of another, which also proves not to her
dialog: liking.
dialog: DARKNESS: I'm not above my own little
dialog: pranks, milady.... Should you have
dialog: a taste for them.
dialog: LILI: No doubt they're as foul as
dialog: the stuff you set on your table....
text: Darkness relaxes, taking his cue from Lili's mocking tone.
dialog: DARKNESS: Foul....or fair, such distinctions
dialog: are entirely arbitrary, my dear.... Does
dialog: not the lowly toad think his mate fair,
dialog: warts and all....?
dialog: LILI: Do you suggest I will think
dialog: you fair some day?
dialog: DARKNESS: In time....and time we surely
dialog: have... stretching before us....
text: infinity....like a merciful curtain closing
dialog: off the past....
text: Darkness moves gracefully to Lili's side and kneels before her.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): I beseech you...do not reject
dialog: my foods as you do my food.... Never have I
dialog: abased myself so before another....It is not
dialog: humility that brings me low, mistress.... but
dialog: love....
speaker_heading: LILI: Love?
dialog: DARKNESS: Aye, love.... You think my
dialog: heart a barren desert where only
dialog: hate can flower....A much finer blossom
text: show its petals now....nourished by
dialog: sorrow....watered with your tears...
dialog: (baring his breast)
dialog: I offer you this rose, Princess!
dialog: ....my heart....my soul....
text: Lili is astonished. She walks away to consider what Darkness
dialog: has said.
text: Darkness watches her slyly. His expression reveals his words
text: to have been a ruse. He gloats in anticipation.
text: Lili turns back to face him. Darkness immediately resumes his look
text: of adoration.
dialog: LILI: You dizzy me, lord.... I never
dialog: thought to hear the word 'love'
dialog: spoken again....
dialog: DARKNESS: You'll hear it forever.
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: I love you!
dialog: LILI: If such is true....hope
dialog: is yet alive...
dialog: (regarding her claws)
dialog: These talons can caress as well as kill....
text: They are interrupted by the SOUND of a CHIME. An unseen clocks tolls
dialog: the hour.
text: Darkness stares up into the shadows.
dialog: DARKNESS: It grows late....
scene_heading: 111A EXTERIOR SKY DAY
text: The setting sun blazes through distant drifting clouds, tinting the
text: sky in a riot of colours. Another CHIME is heard.
scene_heading: 111B INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: The SOUND of the unicorn's frightened whinny carries up from the
text: dungeons below.
text: DARKNESS (laughing): Our wedding
dialog: feast is in good voice....Think
dialog: you not?
text: Lili cunningly disguises her alarm.
dialog: LILI: I admire your thrift, my lord,
dialog: both the meal and entertainment
text: in a single dish.
dialog: Darkness appreciates this joke.
dialog: DARKNESS: Are you anxious to see blood flow?
dialog: LILI: As you are to drink it!
dialog: (smiling slyly)
dialog: Will the groom grant his bride her wish
dialog: on this night?
text: DARKNESS (beaming with pleasure):
dialog: You have but to ask my savage beauty.
text: Lili leers, baring her feline teeth.
dialog: LILI: I want to kill the unicorn!
text: Darkness claps his hands with joy.
dialog: DARKNESS: Lady, you make me proud....
scene_heading: 111C INTERIOR CHIMNEY DAY
text: Screwball struggles up the endless chimney, past hideous gargoyles
text: and ancient skeletons imbedded in the blackened bricks.
text: The SOUNDS of conversation CARRY UP from below.
dialog: LILI (OS): I will do it with joy....!
dialog: Let the unicorn's blood anoint our love!
text: SCREWBALL: Crumpets and candlesticks....!
dialog: She's gonna kill it!
dialog: LILI (OS): ....and in the eternity
dialog: awaiting us, I will happily sit on your throne
dialog: as befits the Queen of Darkness!
dialog: SCREWBALL: I can't let that happen....Why,
dialog: it's not civilized!
text: Clutching the golden plate, Screwball struggles upwards like
text: a tiny mountaineer.
text: He reaches into a grinning skull for a handhold and the jaws
text: clamp shut on his fingers.
text: SCREWBALL (cont): Billygoat dumplings!
text: Screwball yanks his hand free, nearly losing his balance. His terror
text: gives him renewed energy and he scrambles frantically up the inside
text: of the chimney.
scene_heading: 111D EXTERIOR TOP OF CHIMNEY DAY
text: The chimney pot is shaped like a monstrous demon. Black as a sweep,
text: Screwball emerges at the top and looks around.
text: The distant sun is a dying ember resting on the surrounding rim of
text: dark mountains. We HEAR the SOUND of a clock CHIME!
scene_heading: 111E INTERIOR DUNGEON CORRIDOR DAY
text: A distant CHIME stops Gump in his tracks. He pulls out his timepiece
text: from the pouch and studies it.
dialog: GUMP: ....not much time....
scene_heading: 111F INTERIOR GREAT HALL DAY
text: Princess Lili stretches out her arms towards Darkness.
dialog: LILI: Bring me to the wretched beast.
text: Darkness takes her arm and leads her towards the blazing hearth.
text: The unicorn's distant whinny ECHOES from below.
dialog: DARKNESS: This way, fair beauty. I hear a
text: throat begging to be cut.
text: Lili hesitates when she realises Darkness intends to lead
text: her straight into the flames.
dialog: LILI (fearful): No....! It's impossible!
text: Darkness steps into the leaping flames. He turns and takes
text: Lili's hand.
dialog: DARKNESS: Now you are my queen. Nothing is
dialog: impossible....Come....it takes but a
dialog: single step....Find the faith....
text: Darkness looks deep into Lili's eyes. She places her tiny
text: foot among the white glowing coals. Nothing happens. Not
text: even the fur is singed.
text: Lili smiles. Her fear vanishes. She stands at the side of her
text: master. Darkness wraps a powerful arm about the girl and they are
text: consumed by flames, becoming one with the blaze around them.
speaker_heading: 112 DELETED
scene_heading: 113 INTERIOR DUNGEON DAY
text: Unseen by the deformed goblin GUARDS, the faeries creep out of the
text: shadows and take cover behind a squat stone column.
text: Jack positions Blunder in the corridor entrance with the final plate
text: before joining the others.
dialog: JACK: Everything's ready....
dialog: GUMP: And you, Jack? Your greatest
dialog: challenge is still to come....
text: Darkness and Princess Lili emerge, arm in arm, out of a background
text: curtain of fire. They sweep majestically down the stone steps to
text: where the unicorn is chained.
text: Silent as mice, Jack and the faeries peer around at them. Jack is
text: horrified by Lili's bestial appearance.
text: JACK: ....oh, God....! Lili....
dialog: GUMP: Judge her with your heart, not
dialog: your eyes.
text: Blix and Poxand the other goblin Guards scramble to attention as the
text: regal pair ascends.
dialog: BLIX: Greetings....
dialog: POX: S-s-s-salutations....
dialog: DARKNESS: Silence....! Prepare the unicorn
dialog: for sacrafice!
text: The goblins hurry to comply. Blix selects a grotesque black
text: greatsword from among a rack of weapons.
text: Pox furiously pedals a grindstone. Blix applies the blade. Showers
text: of sparks shower onto the glistening floor.
text: Behind the column, the watching faeries are desparate. Luna's
text: glowing LIGHT hovers above their heads.
dialog: BROWN TOM: The game is lost....for all
dialog: of Jack's pretty plan...
dialog: .
dialog: JACK: No! It'll work! It must!
dialog: GUMP: Luna! Fly up to Screwball! Tell
dialog: him it's time!
text: Quick as a FLASH, Luna STREAKS off into the shadows.
text: Blix carries the sharpened greatsword to Darkness, offering it with
text: a low bow.
dialog: DARKNESS: Excellent.... Let the ritual
dialog: begin....
text: The demon Guards stand in a semi-circle around the unicorn. Blix and
text: Pox open tattered black prayer books. Darkness steps to a twisted
text: lectern and READS from a sinister volume.
dialog: DARKNESS: In the beginning, there was
text: nothing....a void of darkness, a cold
dialog: enternity of silence....
dialog: POX: Endless night, black as death!
dialog: Mother of Shadows protect us!
text: The assembled Guards answer in a ghastly CHORUS:
text: CHORUS OF GUARDS: Mother of Shadows, renew us!
dialog: POX: Dream Sister....eclipse our pain!
dialog: CHORUS OF GUARDS: Night Bride....restore our strength!
scene_heading: 114 INTERIOR KEEP AND CORRIDORS DAY
text: Luna BLAZES straight up out of the abysmal keep; a tiny shooting
dialog: star. The demons' ceremony continues (OS):
dialog: DARKNESS (OS): ....and when the perfect void
text: was corrupted by Light, a great wailing was
dialog: heard and all the brethern fled in terror....
text: Luna rockets along the ruined corridors of the labyrinth.
scene_heading: CHORUS OF GUARDS (OS): Deliver us, O'
dialog: Darkness, from all fear....
scene_heading: 115 INTERIOR DUNGEON DAY
text: Darkness steps forward. His booming VOICE disturbs the sleeping abts
text: and sends them wheeling in clouds around his head.
dialog: DARKNESS: Hear me, ye Powers of the Night! We
dialog: offer this sacrafive in honour of you....
text: Darkness reaches up and seizes a fluttering bat from out of the air.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): Here is our offering....
dialog: sanctified with blood....
text: Darkness crushes the bat to a pulp and splatters the unicorn's white
text: flank with its blood. Darkness struggles mentally with the mare.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): ....and with fire!
text: Darkness touches his fingertip to the unicorn's haunch. The hide
text: smoulders instantly, leaving an ugly brand.
text: CHORUS OF GUARDS: Blood and fire, born of Night....
dialog: Blood and fire, drown the Light!
text: The unicorn rears back. Her hooves CLATTER on the cold
dialog: stones.
dialog: DARKNESS: I pray you, Father, accept my
dialog: sacrafice....Let Light be orever extinguished!
dialog: Let the Age of Darkness begin!
text: Darkness contorts with the strain on imposing his will on the
text: unicorn. He dominates the mare and she grows calm.
text: As the Demon Guards CHANT, Blix and Pox strain at the winch. They
text: drag the unicorns towards the chopping block.
speaker_heading: 116 DELETED
scene_heading: 116A EXTERIOR TOP OF CHIMNEY DAY
text: Screwball stands watching the sunset. One hands holds the plate, the
text: other polishes a black apple on his tunic.
text: SCREWBALL (singing under his breath):
text: ....nickety-nackety....noo-noo-noo....
text: The apple is bright as obsidian. Screwball smiles at his reflection
text: on its gleaming surface.
text: SCREWBALL (cont) (singing): ....fiddle-
dialog: dee-widdle-dee....
text: Screwball takes a big bite of the apple.
text: Screwball grins, chewing happily. Not a care in the world.
text: It hits him like a stroke. His eyes cross and he toppes, dropping
dialog: the plate.
text: Luna comes BLASTING out of the chimney like a tracer bullet.
text: LUNA (tiny voice): Screwball!
text: Screwball falls onto the rim of the chimney.
text: In a brilliant BURST OF LIGHT, Luna materialises into her grown
text: self, catching the plate an instant before it drops over the edge.
speaker_heading: LUNA (cont): Do it!
text: Luna looks sadly down on Screwball, touching him with her toe.
dialog: LUNA (cont): Screwball...wake up!
text: Screwball SNORES loudly.
dialog: LUNA (cont): Oh, Screwball....
text: Luna aims the golden plate at the ruby BLAZE of the setting
text: sun. She aims a beam of LIGHT straight down the chimney.
scene_heading: 116B INTERIOR CHIMNEY DAY
text: The beam of LIGHT descends the dark shaft like a golden waterfall.
scene_heading: 116C INTERIOR KITCHEN DAY
text: The beam of LIGHT moves like a searchlight inside the fireplace,
text: criss-crossing the Second Cook's body as it misses the propped plate
text: he holds by inches.
scene_heading: 117 INTERIOR DUNGEON DAY
text: Working together, the two goblins turn the iron winch. Bit by bit,
text: the cable is drawn forward onto the drum.
text: The unicorn's neck is stretched across the block.
text: Darkness stands before Lili, offering the greatsword.
dialog: DARKNESS: Once your hands were too delicate
dialog: for such a task....spinning and weaving
dialog: were more their work....
dialog: LILI: Let my loom be made of flesh and blood....
dialog: I am sister to the Fates!
text: Lili eagerly seizes the sword.
dialog: DARKNESS: What a queen you'll make!
text: Jack slumps against the wall, desparate.
dialog: JACK: Come on, Screwball....
dialog: GUMP: She means to do it, Jack!
dialog: She's one of them!
text: Jack stares at Lili.
text: Gump grabs a long black bow from a weapon rack, and an arrow from a
text: quiver beside it.
dialog: GUMP (cont): I'm going to stop her!
dialog: JACK: Gump, wait! I trust her!
text: Gump fits an arrow onto the bowstring.
text: The unicorn is helpless before Lili. Blix locks the winch, securing
dialog: the cable.
dialog: DARKNESS: My lady, the birth of a new
dialog: world awaits your stroke.
text: Lili swings the greatsword high over head.
scene_heading: CHORUS OF GUARDS (chanting):
dialog: Blood and fire....eternal ice!
dialog: Blood and fire....and sacrafice....
text: Gump draws back the arrow in the longbow, aiming at Lili.
dialog: JACK: No....! Don't...!
text: Jack grabs the bow. He and Gump struggle for the weapon.
speaker_heading: 118 DELETED
speaker_heading: 119 DELETED
speaker_heading: 120 DELETED
scene_heading: 120A INTERIOR KITCHEN DAY
text: The beam of LIGHT hits the plate held by the Second Cook in the
text: fireplace. It STREAKS across the the plate leaning on the bellows,
text: ZIGZAGGING out into the corridor.
scene_heading: 120B INTERIOR KEEP DAY
text: The beam of LIGHT ZOOMS out of the corridor, strikes the plate on
text: the viaduct, and REFLECTS down into the lowest depths of the castle.
scene_heading: 121 INTERIOR DUNGEON DAY
text: Gump is determined to shoot Lili. Jack, equally determined to stop
dialog: him.
dialog: JACK: I trust her, Gump....I'll
dialog: always trust her....
dialog: GUMP: Foolish, mortal!
text: The beam of LIGHT STREAMS in through the corridor. Blunder REFLECTS
text: it off his plate towards the others.
text: Struggling for the bow, Jack and Gump kick over the propped shielf
text: the moment the LIGHT beam reaches it.
text: BROWN TOM: Stop lads....! The light!
text: A wild LAUGH bursts from Lili's throat. She swings the sword with
dialog: all her might.
text: The blade arcs through the air, a glittering SUNBURST where it
text: carves through the deflected beam of LIGHT.
text: Lili aims not for the mare, but for the line restraning her. The
text: sword severs the woven cable.
dialog: LILI (exultant): Run! You're free....!
text: The unicorn plunges into the shadows. Only the ECHO of her hoofbeats
dialog: remain.
text: Jack and Gump stop struggling. Jack dives for his fallen shield.
text: Darkness pulls a weapon from his belt. It is the stallion's alicorn
text: mounted as a shortsword.
text: DARKNESS (sneering savagely): Innocence!
text: Huge and terrible, Darkness lunges for Lili, driving the alicorn
text: straight through her side.
text: Lili is pierced by the horn. She GASPS, supported by the Demon's
text: hold on the blade.
text: Miraculously, Lili's features alter and TRANSFORM. The fangs and
text: claws disappear. Her fur melts like the morning dew. She is an
text: innocent maiden once more.
text: Lili slides dying off the alicorn and falls to the ground.
text: Jack holds his shield in the beam of LIGHT, angling in a bright
text: swath towards Darkness.
dialog: JACK: Burn....! You evil bastard....
text: The LIGHT hits Darkness like an express train. He HOWLS, blasted in
text: a smoking whirlwind across the dungeon.
text: Darkness cowers on his knees, SCREAMING in the LIGHT.
text: All the goblins scatter HOWLING from the LIGHT.
text: Brown Tom capers a happy two-step around Gump, who stares straight
text: up into the central keep.
dialog: BROWN TOM: ....and we'll dance on the
dialog: black devil's grave....
text: GUMP'S POV : LOOKING UP: The beam of LIGHT dims and goes
dialog: out.
dialog: BROWN TOM (OS): What's wrong....? What's
dialog: happening, Gump?
text: Gump shrugs, looking sadly at Jack and the darkened shield
dialog: he holds.
dialog: GUMP (sadly): Sunset....
text: With a savage SNARL, Darkness staggers off into the gloon, trailing
text: trendrils of smoke.
text: Jack drops the shield and rushes to Lili's side. He kneels and
text: cradles her in his arms.
text: Throwing back his head, Jack HOWLS like a wild animal. His CRY is a
text: wolf-wail of utter despair.
text: Gump runs frantically up to grieving Green Man.
dialog: GUMP: No, Jack....Quick! He's after the mare!
text: Gump seizes the grotesque sacraficial greatsword.
dialog: GUMP (cont): The world needs a champion!
dialog: (handing Jack the black sword)
dialog: Use this against him!
text: Jack snatches the sword. He rises cold with fury and runs off into
text: pursuit of Darkness.
speaker_heading: 122 DELETED
speaker_heading: 123 DELETED
speaker_heading: 124 DELETED
speaker_heading: 125 DELETED
scene_heading: 125A INTERIOR TUNNEL NIGHT
text: The unicorn gallops through a desolate landscape of broken columns
text: and grumbled masonry.
scene_heading: 126 EXTERIOR EDGE OF THE WORLD NIGHT
text: A precipice jutting over eternity. The unicorn runs along a narrow
text: trail bordering the edge of the abyss, highlighted by a bright
text: backdrop of comets and stars.
scene_heading: 126A INTERIOR TUNNEL NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: The black hooves of Darkness as he runs relentlessly along
text: the unicorn's track.
text: PULL BACK to show Darkness TRANSFORMED into a muscular black unicorn
text: stallion. He surges onward, an explosion of strength. FLAMES flare
text: from his nostrils.
scene_heading: 126B EXTERIOR EDGE OF THE WORLD DAY
text: The huge black unciron THUNDERS out of the cavern-mouth.
text: The mare stand alone, trapped on a final promontory.
text: The black stallion REARS and charges the mare....
text: Black and terrible, the devil stallion rises over the mare, striking
text: out with his fearsome hooves.
text: The mare staggers before this onslaught of evil, falling to the
text: ground amid flying black feet.
text: The black stallion paws the ground, preparing to ram his alicorn
text: into the fallen mare.
text: Jack runs out from the dark cavern, gripping the evil greatsword
text: with both hands. He sees the stallion tower above the mare
text: JACK (calling out): Darkness....!
dialog: You rotten filth!
text: The superb black unicorn turns to meet this new challenge. He
text: SNORTS, breathing fire, and lowers his head, charging straight at
dialog: Jack.
text: Jack stands his ground, greatsword poised, as the huge black
text: stallion gallops towards him, hooves striking SPARK.
text: Jack swings with all his might as the demon unicorn ROARS
text: slavering past.
text: The greatsword passes straight through the black beast, as if it
text: were striking a ghost.
text: Jack is knocked off balance by the fury of the charge, but he
text: manages to stay on his feet as the stallion wheels and attackes
dialog: again.
text: The black unicorn's red eyes BLAZE as he crashes into Jack.
text: The Green Man is thrown awkwardly to one side. He loses the
text: greatsword and sprawls helpless on the ground.
text: Dazed, Jack rises on his elbows.. He sees the black hooves of
text: Darkness standing before him.
text: Looking up, Jack sees the Lord of Darkness TRANSFORMED back to his
text: original form. He holds his alicorn sword pointed straight at the
dialog: boy's heart.
dialog: DARKNESS: Always a pleasure to take a
dialog: brave man's life.
text: Darkness thrusts down with the alicorn, but Jack rolls skillfully
text: aside and counds to his feet.
dialog: JACK: ....haven't killed me yet....
text: Jack draws his own sword and swings at Darkness, who parries with
text: the alicorn. SPARKS fly.
text: Jack swings again. Darkness catches the blade in his bare hand and
text: holds Jack immobile to meet his malevolent gaze.
dialog: DARKNESS: ....Oh, but I have...
text: Jack is speechless with horror.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): Don't you know me, boy,
dialog: don't you know from whence I come....
text: The muscle hump behind Darkness's neck bulges and cracks. It bursts
text: open and a pair of leathery bat wings unfold. Jack's horror is
dialog: complete.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): Time to die....
text: Darkness drives the alicorn sword into Jack's chest, running him
dialog: through.
text: Jack's eyes are wide with astonishment. Is this what it's like to
dialog: die?
text: Darkness pulls the alicorn out of Jack. There is no blood! No trace
text: of a wound remains on his flesh. Jack blinks in wordless amazement.
dialog: DARKNESS (cont): So...! I should have
dialog: known....We're just the same! You're
dialog: immortal, Jack!
text: JACK (disbelieving): No....! I'm not!
dialog: I'm human....
dialog: DARKNESS (laughing): Who was your mother?
dialog: JACK (confused): I....don't know....
dialog: DARKNESS: Who was your father?
dialog: JACK: ....I....can't remember....
dialog: DARKNESS: How long have you lived in
dialog: the forest?
dialog: JACK: All my life....! I...I....
dialog: know who I am....
dialog: DARKNESS: You pitiful fool! An immortal
dialog: all this time and never knew....
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Don't you see, Jack? Don't you understand
dialog: your power....! Together we could rule
dialog: the universe!
dialog: JACK (bewildered): .....together....?
dialog: DARKNESS: There'd be nothing to stop us!
dialog: No power could stand in our way! We're
dialog: just the same, Jack....You and I.....
dialog: eternal....!
text: Jack struggles to understand the immensity of this
text: revelation. He wavers in the face of the demon's persuasiveness.
text: All at once, the mare unicorn gallops up from the shadows, white and
dialog: pure.
text: She spears Darkness straight his mid-section. The evil Lord SCREAMS,
text: staring down at the shining alicorn thrsut out of his chest.
text: DARKNESS (cont): ....Father....! Protect me....
text: Darkness starts to shrink. The mare lifts the writhing demon high in
text: the air, impaled like a kicking insect.
text: Rearing, the unicorn arches her neck and tosses Darkness over toe
text: edge into the abyss.
text: Darkness tumbles into the haze. His final HOWL is a lament from the
dialog: depths of Hell.
text: At the last moment, the falling figure of Darkness TRANSFORMS into
text: the flapping black cloak and sails off into the shadows.
text: Jack picks up the alicorn. He wraps his other arm around the
text: unicorn's neck. They stand together at the edge of the world, united
text: in a victorious embrace.
scene_heading: 126C EXTERIOR MOUTH OF CAVERN NIGHT
text: The faeries gather at the entrance. Screwball is there, half asleep.
text: Luna is full-sized. Pale and sleeping, Lili lies on the black cloak.
text: The faeries stand around her, eyes downcast.
text: Jack rides up, mounted on the unicorn. Surrounded by light, he is
text: more than a champion. He is divine. The faeries are delighted.
dialog: GUMP: Why....Jack....solved
dialog: your riddle at last....
dialog: BROWN TOM: Should've known no
dialog: mortal could speak unicorn
dialog: like that....
dialog: JACK: How is Lili?
dialog: GUMP: Sadly beyond the help of faerie
dialog: magic. She's under a powerful spell....
dialog: It's like a riddle....
text: Jack understands. He brightens into a smile.
dialog: JAC: I know the answer....! Lift
dialog: her to me, gently....
text: Jack hands Gump the alicorn as the faeries gather Lili in their
text: arms, lifting her above their heads.
text: Jack carefully pulls the enchanted Princess in front of him across
text: the unicorn's withers.
dialog: JACK (cont): We'll meet again, dear friends....
text: Jack touches his heels to the unicorn's flanks and they
text: gallop off in a CLATTER of hoofbeats.
dialog: GUMP (waving): Ride like the wind,
dialog: Jack....
dialog: BROWN TOM: Wish we could go with him....
dialog: GUMP: And why not? I know some magic
dialog: words that'll do the trick!
dialog: SCREWBALL: Oh no! Not me! I hate to travel
dialog: like that....makes me sick.
dialog: GUMP: Stand back....! The sky's the
dialog: limit!
dialog: SCREWBALL: Can't stand your bumpy
dialog: takeoffs....
text: Abruptly, Screwball SHOOTS into the air, flying out of
dialog: sight.
dialog: GUMP: Screwball! Wait for the spell....
dialog: SCREWBALL (os): ....I never do....
text: Gump gestures magically.
text: GUMP: Eiderdown and milkfeed fluff....
text: All at once, Gump, Blunder, and Brown Tom STREAK off into space.
text: Luna watches them go. TRANSFORMING into a dot of LIGHT, she speeds
text: up after them.
scene_heading: 127 EXTERIOR FOREST (RIDE MONTAGE) NIGHT
text: Jack clings to Lili as the unicorn thunders through the midnight
text: forest, darting like quicksilver between the shadowy trees, leaping
text: impossible chasms, splashing across streams in a burst of moonlit
dialog: spray.
scene_heading: 127A EXTERIOR SKY NIGHT
text: The full moon hangs above like the lantern of God as the faeries
text: tumble through the clear night sky. Gump rides the alicorn like a
text: broomstick.
text: Far below, magically white and fluid as free-roving moonbeam, the
text: unicorn carries her passengers across the nocturnal forest with the
text: ease of a dreamer transported through time.
scene_heading: 128 EXTERIOR RING POND DAY
text: It is not yet sun-up. The first faint trace of the false dawn tints
text: the eastern horizon. Everywhere, the snow is melting. It is like
text: springtime, with bold patches of green showing through the frozen
dialog: landscape.
text: A bright beam of LIGHT APPROACHES, weaving between the giant trees.
text: It is Jack and Lili, mounted on the unicorn.
text: Jack rides up onto the high rock overinghanfing the ponnd and slides
text: easily to the ground with Lili in his arms.
text: The unicorn doesn't move. She stands watching as Jack gently rests
text: Lili down on the mossy earth.
text: Jack strips off his golden mail coat and steps on the edge of the
text: promontory. He dives gracefully into the pond.
scene_heading: 128A EXTERIOR FOREST DAY
text: Screwball in the lead, the faeries CRASH down through the trees,
text: bouncing to a stop on the forest floor.
text: SCREWBALL: Ow!
dialog: BROWN TOM: Ouch!
text: GUMP (cheerfully): Home again!
text: The bedraggled faeries scowl at Gump.
scene_heading: 129 EXTERIOR UNDERWATER DAY
text: Jack streaks down, streaming air bubbles like a comet's tail.
scene_heading: 129A EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA DAY
text: The faeries gather around the frozen unicorn stallion. His alicorn
text: has been restored. Wreathed in flowers, it stands majestically out
text: from his forehead.
scene_heading: 129B EXTERIOR UNDERWATER DAY
text: Jack strokes deeper and deeper into the pond, past undulating weeds
text: and curious fish.
scene_heading: 129C EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA DAY
text: Faeries are all about, dancing and SINGING around the statuesque
text: unicorn. They pelt one another with petals. The mare stands demurely
text: to one side, draped in blossoms.
scene_heading: 129D EXTERIOR UNDERWATER DAY
text: At the bottom, Jack moves carefully, trying not to stir up the muck.
text: He gently parts the drifting trendrils, searching among the water
dialog: weeds.
scene_heading: 129E EXTERIOR TREETOP DAY
text: High above the faerie celebration, beautiful MUSIC is HEARD. It is
text: Gump, playing his violin in uppermost branches of a towering pine.
text: Delicate as the call of a meadow lark, Gump's music rises sweetly
text: into the heavens. It is just dawn. The sun's GLOW blazes in the
dialog: east.
scene_heading: 129F EXTERIOR UNDERWATER DAY
text: A winking GLEAM catches Jack's eyes and he reaches out an eager
dialog: hand.
text: A cloud silt issues from his grasp as he opens his fingers. Centred
text: on his palm, golden and perfect, is Lili's ring.
scene_heading: 129G EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA DAY
text: Round and full, the sun rises. The golden sun rays pierce through
text: the trees and start across the open meadow. Gump's music continues,
text: more lyrical than ever.
text: As the sunlight advances, bright spring flowers push up through the
text: once-frozen earth.
scene_heading: 129H EXTERIOR UNDERWATER DAY
text: Jack turns and strokes upwards, higher and higher, towards the
text: shining ceiling of light far above.
scene_heading: 129I EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA DAY
text: Gump's music swells to a crescendo. The life-giving sunlight reaches
text: across the meadow and strikes the flank of the dormant stallion.
scene_heading: 130 EXTERIOR RING POND DAY
text: Jack breaks the surface, holding the ring triumphantly above his
dialog: head.
scene_heading: 130A EXTERIOR CLIFF ABOVE POND DAY
text: The Princess sleeps under the tree. She no longer wears the black
text: wedding gown, but is dressed as before. Jack's armour has also
dialog: disappeared.
text: Jack kneels before Lili and slips the ring onto her finger.
text: He takes the girl into his arms and kisses her passionately on the
dialog: mouth.
text: Lili smiles. Her eyelids flutter.
speaker_heading: 131 DELETED
speaker_heading: 132 DELETED
speaker_heading: 133 DELETED
scene_heading: 134 EXTERIOR UNICORN DEATH ARENA DAY
text: The unicorn's sunlit flesh twitches, dislodging a butterfly warming
text: his wings on his haunch.
text: In a single, beautiful movement, the stallion rises to his feet. He
text: arches his powerful neck and CALLS to his mate. The magic animals
text: gallop off together across the open meadow.
speaker_heading: 135 DELETED
speaker_heading: 136 DELETED
scene_heading: 136A EXTERIOR RING POND DAY
text: Princess Lili awakens.
dialog: LILI: Oh....! Jack! What a dream
dialog: I've had!
text: The Princess smiles when she sees the ring on her finger.
dialog: LILI (cont): Such a terrible dream....
dialog: I could never tell you....
text: Lili looks around, but Jack is nowhere in sight.
dialog: LILI (cont): Jack....? Where are you....?
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Green Jack!
text: Getting no reply, Lili wanders off in search of Jack.
scene_heading: 137 EXTERIOR JACK'S FOREST GLADE DAY
text: Puzzled, Lili searches the familiar place.
dialog: LILI (calling): Jack....! Where are you
dialog: hiding now?
text: The wind surges through the treetops. The leaves all move together
text: as if they were a single living organism.
text: Jack's VOICE is heard out of the waving trees.
dialog: JACK (os): I'm everywhere, Lili....my
dialog: spirit lives in everything....
dialog: LILI: Jack.... Don't play games with me!
dialog: I love you!
dialog: JACK (os): I....love.....you...
dialog: LILI: Will you be here tomorrow?
text: Unseen in the bushes, Gump and the faeries hide, grinning as
text: they watch Lili.
dialog: JACK (os): I'm always here, Lili....
dialog: whenever you come....
text: Mystified, but happy, Princess Lili picks a flower and wanders off
text: into the sun-bright woods.
scene_heading: END CREDITS ROLL
scene_heading: 138 EXTERIOR MEADOW DAY
text: A lush broad expanse, boldly pattered with wild flowers. Breasting
text: the waving grass like a swimmer in the sea, the unicorn bounds
text: joyfully in total freedom.
text: Mounted on the animal's back, his arms in victory, Jack rides like a
text: triumphant angel. His hair and skin are tinted green! He is the
dialog: incarnation of all that is magical in Nature.
speaker_heading: T H E E N D
dialog: 
