dialog: 
speaker_heading: LES MISERABLES
dialog: Written by
dialog: William Nicholson
dialog: Alain Boublil, Claude- Michel Schönberg
dialog: and Herbert Kretzmer
dialog: Adapted from the Stage Musical
dialog: "Les Misérables"
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: Victor Hugo
dialog: May 20, 2012
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTION:
dialog: The year is 1815.
dialog: The French revolution is a distant
text: memory. Napoleon has been defeated.
text: France is ruled by a King again.
scene_heading: A1 EXT. TOULON PORT - DAY A1
text: RISE UP out of the iron-grey surface of the ocean, seething
text: in the wind, towards the shore. Winter rain slices the air.
text: Ahead, the port of Toulon, home of the French navy. A forest
text: of tall masted warships.
text: The great ships heave at anchor, the wind whipping their
text: rigging.
text: Through the sea spray we see the great ribs of warships
text: under construction, and warships being refitted.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTION:
dialog: Toulon
dialog: Home port of the French navy
scene_heading: 1 EXT. TOULON DOCK - DAY 1
text: Storm-lashed sea and driving rain. A great wave rises up
text: and hammers down. As it recedes we see the figures of men
text: heaving on great ropes, the sea water streaming down over
text: their faces. The harsh storm light catches glints of metal:
text: these men are CONVICTS, chained by manacles, heads shaved,
text: wearing red shirts with prison numbers crudely stitched
text: onto them.
text: Now we see that the ropes run up to a ship that is being
text: hauled ashore - a storm-damaged man-of-war, its masts
text: broken, rising and falling on the surge.
text: As yet another great wave rolls over the convicts, we
text: follow the straining ropes down into the base of the
text: slipway, and find the convict JEAN VALJEAN, up to his waist
text: in water, chained by two sets of manacles, as the rain and
text: spray and wind scream round him. A great brute of a man, he
text: seems to feel nothing.
dialog: 
dialog: 2.
text: The convicts sing in time with the rhythmic pulls on the
dialog: rope -
speaker_heading: CONVICTS
dialog: Ha - Ha -
speaker_heading: CONVICT 3
dialog: Ha - Ha -
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: Don't look them in the eye
speaker_heading: CONVICTS
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: You're here until you die.
speaker_heading: CONVICT 4
dialog: No God above
dialog: And Hell alone below
speaker_heading: CONVICTS
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: There's twenty years to go.
text: The camera RISES UP to find JAVERT, the officer in charge
text: of the convict workforce, looking on, his face rain-lashed
text: and expressionless. He stands above the men on the top of
text: the dock, as lines of convicts labour beneath him on the
text: steep steps of the dock wall.
text: Behind Javert, through the storm rain we glimpse a forest of
text: half-built ships, their ribbed frames like great skeletons in
dialog: the mist.
text: FOREGROUND convicts are at work on another ship that is
text: almost completed, labouring in the crashing spray.
speaker_heading: CONVICT 2
dialog: I've done no wrong
dialog: Sweet Jesus, hear my prayer!
speaker_heading: CONVICTS
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: Sweet Jesus doesn't care.
speaker_heading: CONVICT 5
dialog: I know she'll wait
dialog: I know that she'll be true -
speaker_heading: CONVICTS
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: They've all forgotten you.
speaker_heading: CONVICT 1
dialog: When I get free
dialog: You won't see me
dialog: Here for dust!
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: CONVICTS
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: Don't look'em in the eye.
speaker_heading: CONVICT 3
dialog: How long, O Lord
dialog: Before you let me die?
speaker_heading: CONVICTS
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: You'll always be a slave.
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: You're standing in your grave.
text: With a last great heave the lines of convicts haul the
text: damaged ship onto the slipway.
text: CRACK! The stern flagpole of the ship snaps in a vicious gust
text: of wind and crashes down into the shallow water near Valjean.
text: Javert sees and points his stick at Valjean in silent
text: command. Valjean stares back for a beat, defying him. Then he
text: drops down into the seething water and re-emerges with the
text: great mast in his hands, held over his head. His head breaks
text: water with his bitter gaze still on Javert, as he throws the
text: mast ashore in a deliberate display of strength.
text: Javert nods to the guards, and they begin to form the
text: chained men into lines to return to their prison. The storm
text: is passing now, blown by the driving wind.
text: Javert approaches Jean Valjean.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Now Prisoner 24601.
dialog: Your time is up
dialog: And your parole's begun.
dialog: You know what that means?
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Yes. It means I'm free.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: No! It means you get
dialog: Your yellow ticket-of-leave.
text: He hands Valjean a folded yellow paper.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: This badge of shame
dialog: You'll show it everywhere.
dialog: It warns you're a dangerous man.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I stole a loaf of bread
dialog: My sister's child was close to
dialog: death
dialog: And we were starving.
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: You will starve again
dialog: Unless you learn the meaning of
dialog: the law.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I know the meaning of those
dialog: nineteen years
dialog: A slave of the law!
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Five years for what you did,
dialog: The rest because you tried to
dialog: run.
dialog: Yes, 24601!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: My name is Jean Valjean!
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: And I'm Javert!
dialog: Do not forget my name.
dialog: Do not forget me -
dialog: 24601!
text: He strides away to command the lines of convicts as they're
text: marched away. Valjean walks away, hardly able to take in
text: that he is free at last.
text: The convicts sing as he goes.
speaker_heading: CONVICTS
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: You'll always be a slave.
dialog: Look down, look down
dialog: You're standing in your grave.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. ROAD OUT OF TOULON - DAWN 2
text: Valjean makes his way up a rising track, a worn knapsack on
text: his back. He comes to a stop at the top of the hill, and
text: there before him, lit by the rising sun, spreads a wide
text: vista of fields and towns and villages, stretching into the
text: distance, with the snow capped Alps beyond. Behind and
text: below him lies Toulon at the sea's edge. As we hear the
dialog: musical theme ('Freedom is Mine'), we see for the first
text: time the darkness in his face give way to a new hope.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Freedom at last -
dialog: How strange the taste!
dialog: Never forget the years - the waste,
dialog: Nor forgive them for what they've
dialog: done.
dialog: They are the guilty - Everyone!
dialog: The day begins
dialog: (more)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN (cont'd)
dialog: And now lets see
dialog: What this new world
dialog: Will do for me!
speaker_heading: 3 SCENE OMITTED 3
scene_heading: 4 EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY 4
text: Valjean strides down the long rising road, pulling his thin
text: coat close round him against the cold winter wind.
text: He passes a long line of labourers working. He approaches
text: the OVERSEER.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Monsieur can I help? A day's work?
text: The overseer notices shaved hair showing under his cap.
speaker_heading: OVERSEER
dialog: Take your hat off.
text: Valjean takes his hat off, revealing his shaved and scarred
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: OVERSEER
dialog: Passport.
text: The overseer scans the yellow paper, and hands it back.
speaker_heading: OVERSEER
dialog: No work here.
scene_heading: 5 SCENE OMITTED 5
scene_heading: 6 EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - END OF DAY 6
text: Valjean slogs on up the rising track into the mountains.
text: Snow on the ground here, and darkness falling.
text: He looks up and sees ahead a village built on a rock cliff,
text: its lights twinkling, the snowy mountains rising behind.
text: The tower of its handsome church rises up like a promise of
dialog: refuge. This is Digne.
scene_heading: 6A EXT. DIGNE - DUSK 6A
text: Valjean enters Digne. As he drinks from the fountain, he sees
text: a guard standing outside the Mairie.
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: 6B INT. MAIRIE, DIGNE - DUSK 6B
text: Valjean stands waiting. The officer fastidiously writes down
text: the name of Valjean in his huge ledger and the name of the
text: town in his passport. The officer signs and stamps the
dialog: passport.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Valjean.
text: The officer hands back the passport. Valjean leaves.
scene_heading: 6C EXT. DIGNE - DUSK 6C
text: Valjean walks down the high street, spies the warm glow of an
text: inn and enters.
scene_heading: 7 INT. COUNTRY INN, DIGNE - DUSK 7
text: Valjean sits in the corner, his hat low over his head. He
text: eyes hungrily a group of cart drivers tucking into a roast
text: meal by a roaring fire place. The innkeeper serves him a
text: beer. As he reaches for it his coat sleeve rides up to
text: reveal his wrist, calloused and scarred by manacles. The
text: innkeeper eyes him warily. He discusses Valjean with two
text: other men, then asks for his paper. Sees the phrase
dialog: "Extremely Dangerous".
text: VALJEAN'S POV - From the yellow paper in the innkeeper's
text: hands up to the innkeeper's face. A blank stare, a shrug of
dialog: refusal.
speaker_heading: INNKEEPER
dialog: My inn is full.
scene_heading: 7A EXT. DIGNE - NIGHT 7A
text: Valjean moves off wearily through the village. As he passes
text: down the narrow street, faces peer at him from doorways,
text: but the doors close when he goes by. A shadowy figure
text: follows him. Word has spread that he's a `dangerous man'.
text: Passing the uncurtained window of a cottage, he comes to a
text: stop. Through the window he sees a scene that breaks his
text: heart: a father at a table by lamplight, his young wife
text: before him, his children on either side. Nothing special,
dialog: and yet everything he's never had.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. PRISON, DIGNE - NIGHT 8
text: He stops at the local jail. An iron chain attached to a bell
text: hangs from the prison door. He rings. A grate slides open.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Jailer. Would you let me stay here
dialog: for tonight?
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: This is a prison, not an inn. Get
dialog: yourself arrested. Then we will
dialog: open up for you.
text: The grate slides shut. As Jean Valjean walks away, some
text: children who have been following begin throwing stones at
text: him. He threatens them with his stick and they scatter.
scene_heading: 8A EXT. DIGNE - NIGHT 8A
text: He sees over a garden wall a low doorway in a stone turret.
text: Valjean stoops through the doorway and lies down on some
text: straw. He hears a ferocious growl and sees the head of an
text: enormous mastiff. It is a dog kennel.
scene_heading: 8B EXT. DIGNE - NIGHT 8B
text: Snow falling as Valjean makes his way down the road, hungry,
text: weary, moving slowly, his trousers ripped and bloody from
text: where the dog has bitten him.
text: At the end of a road, the snow-covered church; beside it, a
text: dark churchyard.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. CHURCH YARD, DIGNE - NIGHT 9
text: Snow-covered gravestones in moonlight. Exhausted, Valjean
text: collapses to the ground and huddles himself into the
text: shelter of a doorway.
text: A lantern glows in the dark. The lantern approaches,
text: throwing shadows. Its little circle of light comes to rest
text: on the crumpled figure of Valjean.
text: He stirs and opens his eyes.
text: VALJEAN'S POV - The glow of the lantern in the darkness.
text: Beyond it, the half-seen features of a kind old man. The
speaker_heading: BISHOP.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Come in, sir, for you are weary
dialog: And the night is cold out here.
dialog: Though our lives are very humble
dialog: What we have we have to share.
text: Bewildered, fearful, suspicious, Valjean gets up and goes
text: with the Bishop into the house by the church.
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: 10 INT. BISHOP'S HOUSE - NIGHT 10
text: A simple table on which is laid out bread and wine, with
text: silver cutlery. Two silver candlesticks light the room,
text: illuminating walls painted with religious scenes. The Bishop
text: ushers the bewildered Valjean into the room. The bishop's
text: sister Madame Baptistine stands. Valjean hesitates.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: There is wine here to revive you.
dialog: There is bread to make you
text: strong.
dialog: There's a bed to rest till
dialog: morning -
dialog: Rest from pain, and rest from
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Sit, my brother.
text: The Bishop gestures to the housekeeper Madame Magloire.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Madame, set one more place.
dialog: (to Valjean)
dialog: Please sit.
text: The Bishop gently takes his arm and draws him into a chair.
text: Valjean sits, and the Housekeeper lays food before him.
text: Famished, Valjean eats like an animal. The Bishop says a
dialog: short grace.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: May the Lord bless the food we eat
dialog: today. Bless our dear sister and
dialog: our honoured guest.
dialog: (To Valjean)
dialog: Please, eat. Where are you
dialog: travelling to my brother?
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Pontarlier.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Is that where your family is?
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: No. The destination is compulsory.
dialog: That is where the Law sends me. I
dialog: have no home.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Then let this be your home, for
dialog: as long as you need it.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 11 INT. BEDROOM, BISHOP'S HOUSE - NIGHT 11
text: The Bishop leads Valjean to a bedroom where the walls are
text: also painted with religious imagery. Across the passage,
text: Valjean sees the open door to the Bishop's own bedroom.
text: There the Housekeeper is putting the table silver away in a
text: cupboard.
text: He turns to see a bed made up with clean white linen
text: waiting for him. He hasn't slept in such a bed ever in his
text: life. But the Bishop is smiling, offering it to him.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Sleep well. Tomorrow morning
dialog: before you leave you will have a
dialog: cup of milk from our cows, nice
dialog: and hot.
text: The Bishop turns away to go to sleep.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: You let me sleep here next to you?
dialog: How do you know I'm not a murderer?
text: Valjean laughs a strange laugh.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: God will take care of that.
scene_heading: LATER THAT NIGHT -
text: Valjean lies on the bed, fully dressed, deeply asleep.
text: Outside a dog barks.
text: Valjean's eyes snap open. The first thing he sees by the
text: light of the moon is an image of God the Father gazing down
text: on him from the painted ceiling. In panic, fearing
text: judgement, he sits bolt upright. Then he looks round, and
text: remembers. He gets out of bed, and opens the door.
text: There, across the narrow passage, the door stands open to
text: the Bishop's bedroom. In the moonlight, he sees the Bishop
text: lying asleep. Above his bed, the cupboard where the silver
dialog: is kept.
text: Valjean moves silently into the Bishop's room, holding a
text: metal miner's spike which he pulls from his bag. The floor
text: boards creak. He looks down at the old man, holding his
text: breath, but the bishop is peacefully and innocently asleep.
text: He reaches up to the cupboard. It is unlocked. The cupboard
text: door opens with a sharp cracking sound. The Bishop,
text: disturbed in his sleep, moves a little. At once Valjean is
text: over him, like a wild animal, spike raised to strike should
text: he wake. The Bishop sleeps on. The moon comes out and
text: lights up his beautific, smiling face. Valjean is thrown.
text: He turns back and opens the cupboard door fully: there is
dialog: the silver.
dialog: 10.
text: Carefully he picks it out, fearful of every clink. One last
text: look at the sleeping old man, and he makes a run for the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. CHURCHYARD - NIGHT 12
text: Valjean rushes out of the back door of the house. He
text: crosses the graveyard, scrambles over a back wall, and he's
dialog: gone.
scene_heading: 13 INT. BISHOP'S HOUSE - DAY 13
text: The Bishop is coming in from morning Mass in his vestments
text: when the door bursts open and two policemen drag Valjean
text: before him. Valjean hangs his head, unable to meet the
text: Bishop's eyes.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE
dialog: Monsignor, we caught the thief
dialog: red-handed! He has the nerve to
dialog: say you gave him all this!
text: He upends Valjean's kitbag, and the silver tumbles out.
text: The Bishop looks from the silver to Valjean.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: That is right.
text: Amazed, Valjean looks up.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: But my friend, you left so early,
dialog: You forgot I gave these also.
dialog: Would you leave the best behind?
text: The old Bishop is holding out the two silver candlesticks.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (to policemen)
dialog: Messieurs, release him.
dialog: For this man has spoken true.
dialog: I commend you for your duty
dialog: Now God's blessing go with you.
text: Silenced by the Bishop's gentle tones, the policemen turn
dialog: and leave.
text: Valjean, utterly bewildered, takes the silver candlesticks.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: But remember this, my brother -
dialog: See in this some higher plan.
dialog: You must use this precious silver
dialog: To become an honest man.
dialog: By the witness of the martyrs,
dialog: (more)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (cont'd)
dialog: By the passion and the blood,
dialog: God has raised you out of
dialog: darkness -
dialog: I have bought your soul for God.
scene_heading: 14 INT. CHURCH, DIGNE - DAY 14
text: Valjean kneels in the church.
text: He takes out his yellow passport and stares at it.
text: He turns towards the altar, and the crucifix above it.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: What have I done?
dialog: Sweet Jesus, what have I done?
dialog: Become a thief in the night
dialog: Become a dog on the run!
dialog: And have I fallen so far
dialog: And is the hour so late
dialog: That nothing remains but the cry
dialog: of my hate?
text: The cries in the dark that nobody
dialog: hears
dialog: Here where I stand at the turning
dialog: of the years.
dialog: If there's another way to go
dialog: I missed it twenty long years
dialog: ago.
dialog: My life was a war that could
dialog: never be won.
dialog: They gave me a number and
dialog: murdered Valjean
dialog: When they chained me and left me
dialog: for dead
dialog: Just for stealing a mouthful of
dialog: bread!
dialog: Yet why did I allow this man
dialog: To touch my soul and teach me
dialog: love?
dialog: He treated me like any other
dialog: He gave me his trust
dialog: He called me brother.
dialog: My life he claims for God
dialog: above...
dialog: Can such things be?
dialog: For I had come to hate the world -
dialog: This world that always hated me!
dialog: Take an eye for an eye!
dialog: Turn your heart into stone!
dialog: This is all I have lived for!
dialog: This is all I have known!
dialog: One word from him and I'd be back
text: Beneath the lash, upon the rack.
dialog: Instead he offers me my freedom!
dialog: (more)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN (cont'd)
text: I feel my shame inside me like a
dialog: knife.
dialog: He told me that I have a soul...
dialog: How does he know?
dialog: What spirit comes to move my
dialog: life?
dialog: Is there another way to go?
text: Slowly, he examines the yellow passport and raises it high,
text: as if to the altar.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I am reaching, but I fall
dialog: And the night is closing in...
text: As I stare into the void -
dialog: To the whirlpool of my sin.
text: Valjean stands and turns, walking fast to the door of the
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I'll escape now from that world -
text: From the world of Jean Valjean.
dialog: Jean Valjean is nothing now!
scene_heading: 15 EXT. CHURCH, DIGNE - DAY 15
text: Valjean comes out of the church into the graveyard and
text: reaches a bell set on the edge of a promontory. Below lies
text: the steep drop down the mountainside to the dark valley
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Another story must begin!
text: He rips the yellow paper into pieces and throws the pieces
text: out over the valley. The scraps flutter in the wind.
text: FOLLOW the scraps of yellow paper as they dance in the wind
text: then fall away into the void below. One scrap of paper
text: dances upwards in the sunlight. We follow this and
text: accelerate upwards leaving Valjean and the town of Digne
text: far below, towards the sun gloriously breaking through the
text: heavens with the alps beyond. The camera then starts to
text: tumble back down through mist and cloud below - through
dialog: time and space - down to discover -
scene_heading: 16 EXT. ROAD TO MONTREUIL - DAY 16
text: The camera hurtling towards three horses riding down a long
text: muddy road on a flat plain towards the walled town of
text: Montreuil-sur-Mer. Montreuil sits on an estuary leading out
text: to the sea. We see ships sitting in low tide on the mud of
text: the estuary along the dockside of the town, and red brick
dialog: factory buildings.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTION:
dialog: Eight years later
dialog: 
dialog: Montreuil-sur-Mer, 1823.
text: The camera closes in to ground level to reveal the
dialog: horseriders:
text: Javert, flanked by two policemen.
scene_heading: 16A EXT. GATES TO MONTREUIL - DAY 16A
text: As the riders enter the walled town we see the poor clustered
text: around the gates - destitute and sick people clammering to
dialog: get in.
speaker_heading: BEGGARS' CHORUS
dialog: At the end of the day you're
dialog: another day older
dialog: And that's all you can say for
dialog: the life of the poor.
dialog: It's a struggle! It's a war!
dialog: And there's nothing that anyone's
dialog: giving.
dialog: One more day standing about -
dialog: What is it for?
dialog: One day less to be living.
text: Javert sees the destitution of the people. Expressionless
dialog: as ever.
speaker_heading: BEGGARS' CHORUS
dialog: At the end of the day you're
dialog: another day colder
dialog: And the shirt on your back
text: doesn't keep out the chill.
dialog: And the righteous hurry past
dialog: They don't hear the little ones
dialog: crying
dialog: And the plague is coming on fast
dialog: Ready to kill -
dialog: One day nearer to dying!
text: TRACK PAST a plague victim, wrapped in a shroud, being thrown
text: onto a cart.
text: The police enter the harbour.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. HARBOUR - MONTREUIL - DAY 17
text: The beggars are pushed back as the gates open and close for
dialog: the police.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: BEGGARS' CHORUS
dialog: At the end of the day there's
text: another day dawning
dialog: And the sun in the morning is
dialog: waiting to rise
text: Like the waves crash on the sand
dialog: Like a storm that'll break any
dialog: second
dialog: There's a hunger in the land
dialog: There's a reckoning still to be
dialog: reckoned
dialog: And there's gonna be hell to pay
dialog: At the end of the day!
text: Javert looks round at the factory buildings, the boats in
text: the harbour, the poor clamouring behind him, and rides on.
scene_heading: 18 SCENE OMITTED 18
scene_heading: 19 EXT. FACTORY YARD, MONTREUIL - DAY 19
text: Heavy carts wait to be loaded with wooden crates of goods.
text: Workmen carry the crates out of the factory as the FOREMAN
text: strides in through the doors, gesturing to a cart driver,
text: FAUCHELEVENT, who's taking a quick rest on a crate.
scene_heading: 19A INT. FACTORY, MONTREUIL - MEN'S SECTION - DAY 19A
text: The foreman passes men packing boxes on tables and loading
text: boxes onto crates. He passes through a door under a first
dialog: floor office.
scene_heading: 20-22 INT. FACTORY, MONTREUIL - WOMEN'S SECTION - DAY 20-22
text: The long work space is full of tables at which
text: conservatively dressed women are working, making jewelry
text: out of shellac, a black resin which looks like jet. An
dialog: impressive sight: obviously a very successful business. A
text: wooden staircase climbs one wall to a glass-windowed
text: business office. The figure of a man within.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (flirtatiously, to women)
dialog: At the end of the day you get
dialog: nothing for nothing!
dialog: Sitting flat on your bum doesn't
dialog: buy any bread!
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 4
dialog: There are children back at home -
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 2
dialog: And the children have got to be
dialog: fed.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 7
dialog: And you're lucky to be in a job -
text: The Foreman has stopped beside FANTINE, a pretty young woman.
text: As he leans over to whisper in her ear Fantine, surprised,
text: pricks her finger with her needle.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (quietly, to Fantine)
dialog: And in a bed!
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 8
dialog: (to Fantine, as a warning)
dialog: And we're counting our blessings!
text: The Foreman continues his rounds, encouraging the women to
dialog: speed up their work.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: At the end of the day just be glad
dialog: to be working
dialog: For a master who cares for the
dialog: lives of the poor.
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 7
dialog: He's a riddle..
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 4
dialog: He's no fool..
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 6
dialog: He's the answer to anyone's prayer
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 8
dialog: And he paid for the brand new
dialog: school
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 4
dialog: It's no wonder they made him the
dialog: mayor!
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMEN
dialog: Bless the man who leads the way!
dialog: At the end of the day!
text: They get on with their tasks, all glancing up at the boss in
text: the office above.
text: The Foreman returns to Fantine, trying to help her.
speaker_heading: MAIN FACTORY WOMAN
dialog: Have you seen how the foreman is
dialog: fuming today
text: With his terrible breath and his
dialog: wandering hands?
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 3
dialog: It's because little Fantine won't
dialog: give him his way.
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 5
dialog: Take a look at his trousers,
dialog: you'll see where he stands!
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 2
dialog: And the boss, he never knows
dialog: That the foreman is always on
dialog: heat.
speaker_heading: MAIN FACTORY WOMAN
text: If Fantine doesn't look out,
dialog: Watch how she goes,
dialog: She'll be out on the street!
text: The Foreman rings a bell, announcing the end of the work day.
text: The women start to take off their overalls and pack up their
dialog: tools for the day.
scene_heading: FACTORY WOMEN/FOREMAN
dialog: At the end of the day its another
dialog: day over
dialog: With enough in your pocket to last
dialog: for a week
dialog: Pay the landlord, pay the shop
dialog: Keep on working as long as you're
dialog: able
dialog: Keep on working till you drop
text: Or it's back to the crumbs off the
dialog: table
dialog: Well, you've got to pay your way
dialog: At the end of the day!
text: The women queue up to be paid by the Foreman at the door.
text: Fantine has taken out a letter. The main factory woman
text: snatches the letter away from Fantine.
speaker_heading: MAIN FACTORY WOMAN
dialog: And what have we here, little
dialog: innocent sister?
text: The letter is passed surreptitiously down the line of women
dialog: workers.
speaker_heading: MAIN FACTORY WOMAN
dialog: Come on, Fantine, let's have all
dialog: the news.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: `Dear Fantine, you must send us
dialog: more money,
dialog: Your child needs a doctor,
dialog: There's no time to lose.'
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Give that letter to me
dialog: It is none of your business.
text: With a husband at home
dialog: And a bit on the side!
dialog: Is there anyone here
dialog: Who can swear before God
dialog: She has nothing to fear?
dialog: She has nothing to hide?
text: The main factory woman starts to take Fantine's letter over
dialog: to the Foreman.
text: Fantine tries to get the letter back. The women scuffle.
text: The owner enters the factory floor. We see him only from
text: behind: a well-dressed prosperous man.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: What is this fighting all about?
dialog: Will someone tear these two
dialog: apart?
dialog: This is a factory, not a circus.
text: As he sings, the CAMERA MOVES ROUND to discover him. Clean-
text: shaven, well-fed, transformed: it's Valjean.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Now come on, ladies, settle down.
dialog: I run a business of repute.
text: Suddenly Valjean sees Javert appear on the first floor
text: balcony of his office. His world drops away.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: (to the foreman)
dialog: Deal with this, Foreman.
dialog: Be as patient as you can.
text: He walks back to the stairs up to his office.
text: On the factory floor -
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Now someone say how this began!
text: The factory women all turn on Fantine.
scene_heading: FANTINE/FACTORY WOMAN 5
dialog: At the end of the day she's the
dialog: one who began it!
speaker_heading: MAIN FACTORY WOMAN
dialog: There's a kid that she's hiding
dialog: in some little town.
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 5
dialog: There's a man she has to pay
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: MAIN FACTORY WOMAN
dialog: You can guess how she picks up
dialog: the extra -
dialog: You can bet she's earning her
dialog: keep
dialog: Sleeping around!
dialog: And the boss wouldn't like it.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Yes, it's true there's a child
dialog: And the child is my daughter
dialog: And her father abandoned us,
dialog: Leaving us flat.
text: Now she lives with an innkeeper
dialog: man and his wife
dialog: And I pay for the child.
dialog: What's the matter with that?
text: Fantine continues to defend herself to the Foreman, as the
dialog: women sing -
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMEN
dialog: At the end of the day she'll be
dialog: nothing but trouble
dialog: And there's trouble for all when
dialog: there's trouble for one!
dialog: While we're earning our daily
dialog: bread
dialog: She's the one with her hands in
dialog: the butter -
dialog: You must send the slut away
dialog: Or we're all going to end in the
dialog: gutter
dialog: And it's us who'll have to pay
dialog: At the end of the day!
text: The Foreman pulls Fantine away.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: I might have known the bitch
dialog: could bite!
dialog: I might have known the cat had
dialog: claws!
dialog: I might have guessed your little
dialog: secret!
dialog: Ah yes, the virtuous Fantine
dialog: Who keeps herself so pure and
dialog: clean -
dialog: You'd be the cause, I had no
dialog: doubt
dialog: Of any trouble hereabout.
dialog: You play a virgin in the light
dialog: But need no urging in the night!
speaker_heading: MAIN FACTORY WOMAN
dialog: She's been laughing at you
dialog: While she's having her men!
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMEN
dialog: She'll be nothing but trouble
dialog: again and again!
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMAN 5
dialog: You must sack her today!
speaker_heading: FACTORY WOMEN
dialog: Sack the girl today!
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Right, my girl! On your way!
text: Below, Fantine turns and calls to Valjean in his office
text: above with a pitiful cry.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: M'sieur Mayor, help me! I have a
dialog: child!
text: Valjean hears the cry, but he has other concerns. He turns
text: round to face Javert.
text: Javert stares at him.
text: On the factory floor below, the Foreman hustles Fantine
text: out, as she struggles against him.
scene_heading: 23 INT. FACTORY OFFICE - DAY 23
text: Javert bows.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: I introduce myself,
dialog: Inspector of Police.
dialog: I've come to take the watch
dialog: I'm here to keep the peace.
dialog: Please know me as Javert.
dialog: I'm here at your command
dialog: With honour due to each.
dialog: With justice in our hands
dialog: No man's beyond our reach.
dialog: Let all beware.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Welcome, sir
dialog: Come guard our laws
dialog: I'm sure we're here
dialog: In common cause.
text: Javert turns to look through the high window onto the men's
text: factory floor below. The last men are leaving for the day.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: You've done the city proud,
dialog: You've raised their banner high.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: JAVERT (cont'd)
dialog: You manufacture gems
dialog: That anyone can buy
dialog: Your people thrive.
text: Valjean shows some demonstration samples of their work.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: The dignity of toil
dialog: To stay alive.
text: Javert is puzzled. He's sure he recognises Valjean, but
dialog: from where?
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: It seems to me
dialog: We may have met.
text: Valjean throws him a sharp glance.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Your face is not a face
dialog: I would forget.
text: A CRASH from outside in the yard - shouts -
scene_heading: 24 EXT. TRACK LEADING TO FACTORY, MONTREUIL - DAY 24
text: Valjean and Javert hurry out across the factory yard and
text: down the muddy track beyond to discover -
text: A heavily laden cart has toppled onto the cart driver -
text: Fauchelevent, the worker seen before taking a rest on a
dialog: crate.
text: The cart driver and the Foreman are trying to lift the cart
text: off the crushed man, but it's too heavy, and the ground is
text: too soft. Fauchelevent screams as the cart slowly sinks in
dialog: the mud.
text: Valjean, Javert and Javert's assistant all hurry to help,
text: but they can't get a proper purchase in the spongy ground.
text: All the time the cart is sinking further, pushing
text: Fauchelevent deeper into the mud that will soon bury him.
text: Then Valjean sees a way. At one end the wheels of the cart
dialog: have stopped sinking - the ground is harder here. He throws
text: himself under the cart at this higher end, and braces
text: himself to lift it from beneath.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Get back! It may fall!
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: No, Monsieur le Mayor!
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: It'll kill you as well!
dialog: 21.
text: Javert stands back and looks on. As he looks, we see a
text: memory stirring in him.
text: JAVERT'S POV - Valjean's posture beneath the cart is
text: exactly the same as the convict beneath the fallen mast.
text: The same crouching power. The same almost-suicidal
dialog: determination.
text: Valjean sees Javert looking at him, and knows exactly what
text: he's thinking. For a moment he hesitates. Then he hears
text: Fauchelevent's choking scream as the mud gags his mouth.
text: Valjean strains every muscle, and slowly one end of the
text: cart begins to rise. As soon as it clears the crushed and
text: gasping man, the others pull him clear.
text: Valjean lets the cart down again, and climbs out. As he
text: brushes himself down he finds Javert staring at him.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Can this be true?
dialog: I don't believe what I see!
dialog: A man your age
dialog: To be as strong as you are!
text: A memory stirs...
dialog: You make me think of a man
dialog: From years ago
text: A man who broke his parole..
dialog: He disappeared.
text: He shakes his head, realising how absurd his suspicions
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Forgive me, sir.
dialog: I would not dare -
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Say what you must.
dialog: Don't leave it there.
text: Valjean holds Javert's gaze, challenging him to say more.
text: Javert is not yet confident enough to continue.
text: Valjean goes to help Fauchelevent.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Let me help you up.
text: Fauchelevent groans as he rises.
speaker_heading: FAUCHELEVENT
dialog: Monsieur le Mayor, you come from
dialog: God!
dialog: You are a saint!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: No more cart driving for you!
dialog: 22.
text: Javert stares. He can't rid himself of his suspicion.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Monsieur le Mayor.
text: He draws himself up and gives a bow. As he walks away, he
text: discusses something with his assistant.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. HARBOUR, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 25
text: Fantine makes her way to the harbour wall. Beggars shelter in
text: the tunnels under the red brick buildings.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. RED LIGHT DISTRICT, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 26
text: Fantine makes her way down wet slimy steps. This leads to an
text: alleyway that runs down to the harbour and three ships lying
text: on the mud at low tide. At the far end, the largest is the
text: rotting hulk of a vast old warship. A single whore sits in a
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Excuse me, is this where the
dialog: Pawnbrokers is?
speaker_heading: WHORE 1
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: It's just there.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Drunken sailors spill out into the alleyway below. The
text: first sailor is trying to find the whorehouse.
speaker_heading: SAILOR 1
dialog: I smell women!
dialog: Smell'em in the air!
dialog: Think I'll drop my anchor
dialog: In that harbour over there!
text: They spot Fantine, mistaking her for a whore. Fantine presses
text: on down the steps, trying to ignore the sailors.
speaker_heading: SAILOR 2
dialog: Lovely ladies!
dialog: Love `em till your broke!
dialog: Seven months at sea can make you
dialog: Hungry for a poke!
text: The sailors then see whores start to appear from the shadows
text: of warehouse doorways.
speaker_heading: SAILOR 3
dialog: Even stokers need a little stoke!
dialog: 23.
text: A man with no legs, reacting to the sailors, cranks up an
text: organ-grinder and from doorways and overhead windows
text: harbour whores appear and tout for business.
text: A man selling dentures stands by his cart and we hear
text: fragments of his sales pitch.
scene_heading: WHORES TOOTH MAN
dialog: Lovely ladies Lovely dentures
dialog: Waiting for a bite! Guaranteed to bite
dialog: Waiting for the customers They clean up real easy
dialog: Who only come at night. You can take them out at
dialog: Lovely ladies night
dialog: Ready for the call, Sell your teeth here make a
dialog: Standing up or lying down pretty sum
dialog: Or any way at all - Best Tooth Man in the harbour
dialog: 
dialog: Bargain prices up against the Guaranteed no painful gums
dialog: wall! Bargain prices up against the
dialog: wall!
text: During the above chorus, Fantine sells a locket containing a
text: cutting of Cosette's hair to the pawnbroker.
speaker_heading: PAWNBROKER
dialog: Hello sweetheart, I'll give you
dialog: four francs.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: It's worth at least ten.
text: The pawnbroker goes back in his shop and Fantine watches the
dialog: whores.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Alright, five.
text: The pawnbroker takes the locket in exchange for the money.
text: An old woman leers at Fantine from the shadows, beckoning.
text: She approaches Fantine, reaching out to stroke her hair.
speaker_heading: HAIR CRONE
dialog: What pretty hair!
dialog: What pretty locks you've got
dialog: there!
dialog: What luck you got.
dialog: It's worth a centime, my dear!
dialog: I'll take the lot!
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Don't touch me! Leave me alone!
speaker_heading: HAIR CRONE
dialog: Let's make a price.
dialog: I'll give you all of ten francs.
dialog: Just think of that!
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: It pays a debt...
speaker_heading: HAIR CRONE
dialog: Just think of that.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: What can I do? It pays a debt.
dialog: Ten francs may save my poor
dialog: Cosette.
text: The hair crone leads Fantine down to her shop at the base of
dialog: the stairs.
text: Fantine is sat on a low stool. She bows her head before the
text: hair crone, who at once whips out a razor blade and cuts
text: off her hair at the roots.
scene_heading: 26A EXT. RED LIGHT DISTRICT MONTREUIL - END OF DAY 26A
text: Fantine walks down the steps with short hair, mocked by the
text: voices of the whores on either side.
text: A PIMP and the HEAD WHORE watch her progress as the organ-
text: grinder grinds out the music.
text: Whores sing from the warehouse doorways, from on top of the
text: spars of the ships, writhing around figureheads and from the
text: rotting ship.
text: The few men in the street choose their whores and disappear
text: by the end of the chorus.
scene_heading: WHORES TOOTH MAN
dialog: Lovely ladies Lovely dentures guaranteed to
dialog: Waiting in the dark. bite
dialog: Ready for a thick one They clean up real easy
dialog: Or a quick one in the park. You can take them out at
dialog: night
dialog: HEAD WHORE Lovely teeth dear shining
dialog: Long time, short time like the stars
dialog: Anytime my dear! I'll whip em out quite
dialog: Cost a little extra quickly
dialog: If you want to take all year And I won't leave any scars.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: Quick and cheap is underneath
dialog: the pier
text: Fantine reaches the hair crone.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Please, you wouldn't have any work
dialog: for me would you? Please, I sold
dialog: you my hair. I could do anything.
text: The hair crone points at the head whore and the tooth man.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: HAIR CRONE
dialog: Go and see them.
text: Fantine looks towards the tooth man and the head whore.
scene_heading: TOOTH MAN HEAD WHORE
dialog: Come over here, Come here my dear.
dialog: I'll pay well for your youth.
dialog: I pay ten francs for a tooth.
text: Fantine heads to the tooth man.
speaker_heading: TOOTH MAN
dialog: You have, my dear,
dialog: The clear advantage of youth.
speaker_heading: HEAD WHORE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Just the back ones.
speaker_heading: TOOTH MAN
dialog: The pain won't last,
dialog: You'll still be able to bite.
text: She grabs Fantine's cheeks and forces open her mouth to
text: inspect her teeth.
speaker_heading: TOOTH MAN
dialog: I do it fast,
dialog: I know my business all right.
dialog: It's worth a go.
text: The pimp pushes her down.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: You'll pay me first
dialog: What I am due.
speaker_heading: TOOTH MAN
dialog: You'll get twice
dialog: If I take two!
text: She opens her mouth, and the pincers go in, as everyone
text: gathers round to watch. Fantine screams as the first tooth
dialog: is removed.
scene_heading: 26B EXT. RED LIGHT DISTRICT MONTREUIL - NIGHT 26B
text: The pimp is passing among the whores, checking that they're
dialog: all fit for business.
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: God, we're weary,
dialog: Sick enough to drop!
speaker_heading: LOVELY LADY 1
text: Belly burns like fire,
dialog: Will the bleeding ever stop!
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: PIMP
dialog: Cheer up, deary!
dialog: Show a happy face!
dialog: Plenty more like you here
dialog: If you can't keep up the pace.
speaker_heading: LOVELY LADY 1
dialog: Only joking!
dialog: Deary knows her place!
text: The pimp gestures at Fantine, now slumped in a doorway, her
text: cropped head in her hands.
text: A shy captain watches Fantine. The pimp notices.
speaker_heading: PIMP
dialog: Gimme the dirt -
dialog: Who's that bit over there?
speaker_heading: WHORE 1
dialog: A bit of skirt,
dialog: She's the one sold her hair.
speaker_heading: HEAD WHORE
dialog: She's got a kid,
text: Sends her all that she can.
speaker_heading: PIMP
dialog: I might've known
dialog: There is always some man.
text: He moves in on Fantine.
speaker_heading: PIMP
dialog: Lovely lady, come along and join
dialog: us!
dialog: Lovely lady!
text: Fantine looks up, a trickle of blood in one corner of her
text: mouth. The whores cluster round her, hands reaching out to
text: draw her in to their world. On the rotting warship, more
text: whores appear out of the gaps of the hull to sing the
dialog: chorus.
speaker_heading: WHORE 1
dialog: Come on, dearie, why all the
dialog: fuss?
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: ... why all the fuss.
speaker_heading: WHORE 2
dialog: You're no grander than the rest
dialog: of us.
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: ... than the rest of us.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: WHORE 3
dialog: Life has dropped you at the
text: bottom of the heap.
speaker_heading: WHORES
text: ...at the bottom of the heap.
text: Whore 3 bites her fingertip and applies her blood to rouge
text: Fantine's cheeks.
speaker_heading: HEAD WHORE
dialog: Join your sisters -
speaker_heading: WHORE 1
dialog: Make money in your sleep!
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: ... make money in your sleep.
speaker_heading: WHORE 2
dialog: That's right, dearie,
dialog: Show him what you've got!
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: ... show him what you've got.
speaker_heading: WHORE 3
dialog: That's right, dearie,
dialog: Let him have the lot!
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: ...let him have the lot.
text: The whores perform for the benefit of Fantine on the orders
text: of the head whore, as the head whore leads her towards the
dialog: hulk.
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: Old men, young men, take'em as
dialog: they come!
dialog: Harbour rats and alley cats
dialog: And every kind of scum!
dialog: Poor men, rich men, leaders of
dialog: the land -
dialog: See them with their trousers off,
dialog: They're never quite as grand!
dialog: All it takes is money in your
dialog: hand!
text: The pimp leads the captain down the middle of the whores to
text: Fantine who wears a filthy white dress. The pimp joins the
text: captain and Fantine's hands as the head whore officiates -
text: like a twisted wedding ceremony.
speaker_heading: WHORES
dialog: Lovely ladies
dialog: Going for a song,
dialog: (more)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: WHORES (cont'd)
dialog: Got a lot of callers
dialog: But they never stay for long...
text: Fantine puts on a show of courage as she leads the captain
text: into the ship's hulk, which is a brothel.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Come on, Captain, you can wear your
dialog: shoes.
dialog: Don't it make a change to have a
dialog: girl who can't refuse?
scene_heading: 27 INT. ROTTING SHIP'S HULK, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 27
text: Fantine, pale and frail, her bodice loosened, leads the
text: captain down to the damp dregs of the ship.
text: We see the rotting straw mattress within as they enter,
text: then Fantine lays down.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
text: Easy money lying on a bed.
dialog: Just as well they never see
dialog: The hate that's in your head!
dialog: Don't they know they're making love
dialog: To one already dead?
scene_heading: 28 INT. ROTTING SHIP'S HULK, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 28
text: CLOSE ON a man's hand leaving money. We hear him exit. MOVE
text: TO FIND Fantine lying alone on the mattress.
text: She pulls herself into a sitting position against the head
text: of the mattress. She draws her legs up and wraps her arms
text: round her knees, huddling against the misery of the world.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: There was a time when men were
dialog: kind,
dialog: When their voices were soft
dialog: And their words inviting.
dialog: There was a time when love was
dialog: blind
dialog: And the world was a song
dialog: And the song was exciting.
dialog: There was a time...
dialog: Then it all went wrong.
dialog: I dreamed a dream in time gone
dialog: by,
dialog: When hope was high
dialog: And life worth living.
dialog: I dreamed that love would never
dialog: die.
dialog: I dreamed that God would be
dialog: forgiving.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: FANTINE (cont'd)
dialog: Then I was young and unafraid
dialog: And dreams were made and used and
dialog: wasted.
dialog: There was no ransom to be paid,
text: No song unsung, no wine untasted.
dialog: But the tigers come at night
text: With their voices soft as thunder
dialog: As they tear your hope apart
dialog: As they turn your dream to shame.
dialog: He slept a summer by my side,
dialog: He filled my days with endless
dialog: wonder.
dialog: He took my childhood in his
dialog: stride
dialog: But he was gone when autumn came.
dialog: And still I dream he'll come to
dialog: me!
dialog: That we will live the years
dialog: together...
dialog: But there are dreams that cannot
dialog: be
dialog: And there are storms we cannot
dialog: weather...
dialog: I had a dream my life would be
dialog: So different from this hell I'm
dialog: living -
dialog: So different now from what it
dialog: seemed!
dialog: Now life has killed the dream I
dialog: dreamed.
text: As she ends her song, her next customer is waiting. The head
dialog: whore beyond.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. RED LIGHT DISTRICT, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 29
text: Fantine is out on the snow and ice-covered quayside,
text: shivering, waiting for trade. She looks pale and sickly,
text: but still attempts an alluring smile.
text: She moves past the anchored ships, beneath the bowsprits,
text: trying pathetically to attract custom. Then she comes to a
text: stop, staring. She has seen and recognised Valjean, some
text: way off. He's out in the harbour district. He is talking to
text: a beggar. Before he moves on, he hands over some money.
text: As Fantine watches Valjean on his mission of mercy, a well-
text: dressed young man, BAMATABOIS, comes up to her. He arrives
text: with two friends and a valet.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: BAMATABOIS
dialog: Here's something new. I think
dialog: I'll give it a try.
dialog: Come closer, you! I like to see
dialog: what I buy.
dialog: The usual price
dialog: For just one slice of your pie.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: I don't want you! No! No,
dialog: M'sieur! Let me go!
speaker_heading: BAMATABOIS
dialog: Is this a trick? I won't pay
dialog: more!
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: No, not at all!
speaker_heading: BAMATABOIS
dialog: You've got some nerve, you little
dialog: slut!
dialog: You've got some gall!
text: It's the same with a tart as it is
dialog: with a grocer
text: The customer sees what he gets in
dialog: advance
dialog: It's not for the whore to say "yes
dialog: sir" or "no sir"
dialog: It's not for the harlot to pick and
dialog: to choose or to lead me a dance!
text: He pulls her clothing open and laughingly stuffs snow down
text: her cleavage. Fantine reacts with fury. They fall over in the
text: snow and Bamatabois laughs.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: I'll kill you, you bastard!
dialog: Try any of that!
dialog: Even a whore who has gone to the
dialog: bad
dialog: Won't be had by a rat!
text: Fantine scratches Bamatabois across the face. Bamatabois
text: touches his face and sees the blood on his fingers. His
text: friends drag Fantine against the harbour wall.
speaker_heading: BAMATABOIS
dialog: (furious but aroused)
dialog: By Christ you'll pay for what
dialog: you've done!
dialog: This rat will make you bleed,
dialog: you'll see!
dialog: I guarantee I'll make you suffer!
dialog: For this disturbance of the peace
dialog: For this insult to life and
dialog: property!
dialog: 31.
text: Bamatabois suddenly sees that police have arrived.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: I beg you, don't report me, sir.
dialog: I'll do whatever you may want.
speaker_heading: BAMATABOIS
dialog: Make your excuse to the police!
text: Bamatabois' friend drags Fantine towards the police. It's
dialog: Javert.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Tell me quickly what's the story.
dialog: Who saw what and why and where?
dialog: Let him give a full description,
dialog: Let him answer to Javert!
dialog: In this nest of whores and vipers
dialog: Let one speak who saw it all.
dialog: Who laid hands on this good man
dialog: here?
dialog: What's the substance of this
dialog: brawl?
speaker_heading: BAMATABOIS
dialog: Javert, would you believe it?
dialog: I was walking, it was dark
dialog: When this prostitute attacked me
dialog: You can see she's left her mark!
text: He shows the blood. Javert turns to Fantine.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: She will answer for her actions
dialog: When you make a full report.
dialog: You may rest assured, M'sieur,
dialog: That she will answer to the
dialog: court.
text: Fantine is almost fainting with fear, still racked with
text: occasional spasms of coughing. Unseen by her, Valjean is
text: approaching from behind. Javert's assistants pick Fantine
text: up. Javert covers his mouth with a handkerchief as he
text: approaches Fantine.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: There's a child who sorely needs
dialog: me,
dialog: Please, m'sieur, she's but that
dialog: high.
dialog: Holy God, is there no mercy?
dialog: If I go to jail she'll die.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: I have heard such protestations
dialog: Every day for twenty years.
dialog: Let's have no more explanations,
dialog: (more)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: JAVERT (cont'd)
dialog: Save your breath and save your
dialog: tears.
text: Javert indicates to the two policemen to drag Fantine away.
text: Valjean steps out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: A moment of your time, Javert.
dialog: I do believe this woman's tale.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Monsieur le Mayor!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: You've done your duty. Let her
dialog: be.
dialog: She needs a doctor, not a jail.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Monsieur le Mayor!
text: Javert looks on, containing his anger, as Valjean reaches
text: out a hand to Fantine. To Fantine, it's as if he's come to
dialog: her in a dream -
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Can this be?
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Where will she end -
dialog: This child without a friend?
text: He holds Fantine's hands, looking into her face.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I've seen your face before.
dialog: Show me some way to help you.
dialog: How have you come to grief
dialog: In such a place as this?
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: M'sieur, don't mock me now, I
dialog: pray
dialog: It's hard enough I've lost my
dialog: pride.
dialog: You let your foreman send me
dialog: away.
dialog: Yes, you were there
dialog: And turned aside.
dialog: I never did no wrong.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Is it true what I've done -
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: My daughter's close to dying.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: - to an innocent soul?
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: If there's a God above -
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Had I only known then!
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: He'd let me die instead.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: In His name my task has just begun.
dialog: I will her to the hospital.
text: Valjean picks Fantine up in his arms.
text: Javert is quietly coldly furious.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Monsieur le Mayor!
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Bring Cosette back to me.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: FANTINE
text: At an inn in Montfermeil...
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Monsieur le Mayor!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I will see it done! I will send
dialog: for her immediately!
text: As Valjean and Fantine move away, Javert stares after them,
text: then turns and quietly instructs his assistant to follow
dialog: after them.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. POLICE STATION, MONTREUIL - DAY 30
text: As Javert walks up the steps to his police station his
text: assistant stops him with an urgent letter.
scene_heading: JAVERT'S ASSISTANT
dialog: From Paris, Monsieur.
text: Javert seizes it, opens it, and reads. As he reads, his
text: expression changes. Appalled, he realizes he's made a
dialog: terrible mistake.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 31 INT. FACTORY, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 31
text: Valjean is at his desk in his office, going through his
text: papers once everyone else has gone, when Javert enters and
text: stands before him. He looks up.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Monsieur le Mayor
dialog: I have a crime to declare!
dialog: I have disgraced
dialog: The uniform that I wear.
dialog: I've done you wrong,
dialog: Let no forgiveness be shown.
dialog: I've been as hard
dialog: On every rogue I have known.
dialog: I'll bear the blame,
dialog: I must be treated
dialog: Just the same.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I don't understand.
dialog: What is this crime, Javert?
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: I mistook you for a convict,
dialog: I have made a false report.
dialog: Now I learn they've caught the
dialog: culprit -
text: He's about to face the court.
text: Valjean conceals his shock.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: And of course the thief denies
dialog: it,
dialog: You'd expect that from a con.
dialog: But he couldn't run for ever,
dialog: No, not even Jean Valjean.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: You say this man denies it all,
dialog: And gives no sign of
dialog: understanding or repentance?
dialog: You say this man is going to
dialog: trial,
dialog: And that he's sure to be returned
dialog: to serve his sentence?
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: He will pay, and so must I.
dialog: Press charges against me, sir!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: You have only done your duty
dialog: It's a minor sin at most.
dialog: All of us have been mistaken
dialog: You'll return, sir, to your post.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Must I do as you say?
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: It's your duty to obey!
text: Javert is about to protest again, but Valjean raises one
text: commanding hand, to indicate his decision is made. Javert
text: gives an abrupt bow, and departs.
text: Left alone, Valjean paces his office, deeply disturbed.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: They think that man is me -
text: Without a second glance.
dialog: This stranger they have found -
dialog: This man could be my chance!
dialog: Why should I save his hide?
dialog: Why should I right this wrong?
dialog: When I have come so far
dialog: And struggled for so long?
dialog: If I speak I am condemned.
dialog: If I stay silent, I am damned!
text: He goes out onto the balcony that looks down on the empty
dialog: factory.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I am the master of hundreds of
dialog: workers -
dialog: They all look to me.
dialog: Can I abandon them?
dialog: How would they live
dialog: If I am not free?
dialog: If I speak they are condemned.
dialog: If I stay silent, I am damned!
scene_heading: 31A INT. VALJEAN'S HOUSE, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 31A
text: Valjean is sitting staring at the Bishop's candlesticks.
dialog: Who am I?
dialog: Can I condemn this man to
dialog: slavery?
dialog: Pretend I do not feel his agony?
dialog: This innocent who bears my face,
dialog: Who goes to judgement in my
dialog: place...
dialog: Who am I?
scene_heading: 31B INT. VALJEAN'S HOUSE, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 31B
text: Valjean is furiously packing stuff up.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Can I conceal myself for ever
dialog: more?
dialog: Pretend I'm not the man I was
dialog: before?
dialog: And must my name until I die
dialog: Be no more than an alibi?
scene_heading: 31C EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT. 31C
text: Close on two horses panting. A stopped carriage in a wide
text: night landscape. The driver is Valjean, hesitating.
dialog: Must I lie?
dialog: How can I ever face my fellow
dialog: men?
dialog: How can I ever face myself again?
scene_heading: 31D INT/EXT. COURTROOM - NIGHT 31D
text: Valjean hesitates outside the courtroom and in the lobby of
text: the courtroom, pacing back and forth.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: My soul belongs to God, I know,
dialog: I made that bargain long ago.
dialog: He gave me hope when hope was
dialog: gone!
dialog: He gave me strength to journey
dialog: on!
dialog: Who am I?
dialog: Who am I?
dialog: I'm Jean Valjean!
text: Valjean pushes through the crowds at the back of the
dialog: courtroom.
scene_heading: 32 INT. COURTROOM - NIGHT 32
text: The man accused of being Jean Valjean, a wretched down-and-
text: out, stands before the JUDGE. He looks uncannily like the
text: real Valjean. Before the judge has a chance to speak, the
text: doors open and Valjean bursts in. Sensation in the court.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: And so, your honour, you see it's
dialog: true
dialog: That man bears no more guilt than
dialog: you!
dialog: Who am I?
dialog: 24601!
dialog: 37.
text: The judge is too stunned to respond. The others in the
dialog: court can't believe what they've just heard. The Mayor of
dialog: Montreuil-sur-Mer, a convict!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: If you don't believe me ask
dialog: Inspector Javert. He knows where to
dialog: find me.
text: The judge goes over to Valjean and gently leads him out.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Monsieur le Mayor, you are not
dialog: well, you must come with me, do you
dialog: have a carriage outside? Monsieur
dialog: le Mayor, we must get you home to
dialog: bed immediately!!
scene_heading: 33 INT. HOSPITAL, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 33
text: The hospital is in the long attic of Valjean's factory.
text: Valjean hurries into the hospital, breathless. He sees a
text: nursing sister outside Fantine's room.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Is her daughter with her?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: No, monsieur. Her guardian sent
dialog: this.
text: She gives Valjean a note. He reads it with mounting anger.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: `Money not enough. Send more.
dialog: Thenardier.' What sort of man is
dialog: this?
scene_heading: 34 INT. HOSPITAL, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 34
text: Fantine lies in bed, delirious. She is dressed in pure
text: white. Her eyes are closed.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Cosette, it's turned so cold!
dialog: Cosette, it's past your bedtime!
dialog: You've played the day away
dialog: And soon it will be night.
text: Fantine's eyes open and she sees Cosette, playing in the
text: room. She looks healthy and is dressed prettily.
dialog: Come to me, Cosette, the light is
dialog: fading.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: FANTINE (cont'd)
dialog: Don't you see, the evening star
dialog: appearing?
dialog: Come to me, and rest against my
dialog: shoulder,
dialog: How fast the minutes fly away and
dialog: every minute colder?
text: Valjean enters, and sees at once that Fantine is close to
text: the end. He drops to his knees by her bed.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Dear Fantine, Cosette will be
dialog: here soon!
dialog: Dear Fantine, she will be by your
dialog: side
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: (trying to get out of bed)
dialog: Come Cosette, the night has grown
dialog: so cold!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: (putting her back in bed)
dialog: Be at peace! Be at peace ever
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: My Cosette -
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: - shall live in my protection.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Take her now!
text: She pushes into his hand a scrap of paper on which she's
dialog: written her wishes.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Your child will want for nothing.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Good m'sieur, you come from God
dialog: in heaven.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: And none shall ever harm Cosette
dialog: as long as I am living.
text: Fantine has stopped looking towards the window. All her
text: fading strength is now directed towards Valjean. She tries
text: to reach up to him.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Take my hand...
text: The night grows ever colder.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Then I will keep you warm.
text: He wraps her in his arms.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Take my child
dialog: I give her to your keeping.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Take shelter from the storm.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: For God's sake, please stay till
dialog: I am sleeping...
dialog: And tell Cosette I love her
dialog: And I'll see her when I wake...
text: Fantine starts to spasm. She sees something over Valjean's
text: shoulder. Valjean doesn't realise. Her eyes go glassy as
text: she passes away. Valjean then hears the unforgettable voice
text: of Javert behind him.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Valjean, at last
dialog: We see each other plain!
dialog: `M'sieur le Mayor'
dialog: You'll wear a different chain!
text: Valjean stands to face Javert.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Before you say another word,
dialog: Javert,
dialog: Before you chain me up like a
dialog: slave again,
dialog: Listen to me! There is something
dialog: I must do.
text: This woman leaves behind a
dialog: suffering child.
dialog: There is none but me who can
dialog: intercede -
dialog: In mercy's name, three days are
dialog: all I need,
dialog: Then I'll return, I pledge my
dialog: word!
dialog: Then I'll return...
text: Javert draws his sword and aims it at Valjean.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: You must think me mad!
dialog: I've hunted you across the years.
dialog: Men like you can never change -
dialog: A man such as you!
text: Valjean breaks a section of timber beam from the roof.
dialog: 40.
text: The men start to circle each other.
text: They sing at the same time, duelling in song.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Believe of me what you will
dialog: There is a duty that I'm sworn to
dialog: do.
dialog: You know nothing of my life -
dialog: All I did was steal some bread.
dialog: You know nothing of the world -
dialog: You would sooner see me dead.
dialog: But not before I see this justice
dialog: done!
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Men like me can never change.
dialog: Men like you can never change.
dialog: No, 24601!
dialog: My duty is to the law.
dialog: You have no rights.
dialog: Come with me, 24601!
text: The two men fight.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I am warning you, Javert,
dialog: I'm a stronger man by far!
dialog: There is power in me yet!
dialog: My race is not yet run!
speaker_heading: JAVERT
text: Now the wheel has turned around -
text: Jean Valjean is nothing now.
dialog: Dare you talk to me of crime
dialog: And the price you had to pay.
dialog: Every man is born in sin
dialog: Every man must choose his way.
text: Javert disarms Valjean and drives him backwards towards an
text: attic door.
dialog: You know nothing of Javert!
dialog: I was born inside a jail.
dialog: I was born with scum like you.
dialog: I am from the gutter too.
text: Valjean is pushed through the doors out onto a wooden
text: loading platform beneath a hoist. Below, the walls of the
text: factory lead straight down to the black sea at high tide.
text: Javert is triumphant.
text: Valjean glances down and pushes back, dropping into the
text: darkness of the ocean.
text: Javert goes to jump after him and cannot bring himself to do
dialog: it.
dialog: 41.
text: Javert stares into the black sea - there is no sign of
dialog: Valjean.
scene_heading: 34A EXT. HARBOUR, MONTREUIL - NIGHT 34A
text: Javert and various police search the harbourside with
text: lanterns.
text: Valjean, dripping wet, watches from a tunnel under a factory,
text: as Fantine's body wrapped in a shroud is dumped on a cart.
text: They sing to themselves, continuing their duet without
dialog: knowing.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: And this I swear to you tonight -
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: There is no place for you to
dialog: hide.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Your child will live within my
dialog: care -
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Wherever you may hide away -
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: And I will raise her to the
text: light.
speaker_heading: JAVERT/VALJEAN
dialog: I swear to you, I will be there!
scene_heading: 35 EXT. MONTFERMEIL - DUSK 35
text: The village street is bright with booths set up for a Frost
text: Fair. Families and visitors are out buying baubles, or
text: laughing at the antics of travelling players. Small girls
text: cluster round a stall that displays prettily-dressed dolls.
text: Amongst them is a prettily-dressed girl of 8 or 9 years:
speaker_heading: EPONINE.
text: Across the road from this stall stands a shabby inn. A
text: sign lashed to an old cart swinging in the wind reveals the
text: inn to be `The Sergeant of Waterloo'. The inn is still
text: closed despite the small crowd at the fair.
text: MOVE IN on the frosted window of the inn, through which we
text: see a little girl, COSETTE, gazing out at the display of
dialog: dolls.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: 36 INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - END OF DAY 36
text: Cosette is in the process of sweeping the floor. She's come
text: to a stop, gazing out of the window, mesmerized by the
text: sight of the most beautiful doll in the display, and
text: jealous that Eponine can see it and touch it up close.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
text: There is a castle on a cloud
dialog: I like to go there in my sleep.
dialog: Aren't any floors for me to
dialog: sweep,
dialog: Not in my castle on a cloud.
text: Cosette gets out from a hiding place in the wall a knotted
text: grimy rag - this is her "doll", the knot is the doll's head.
text: There is a lady all in white
text: Holds me and sings a lullaby.
dialog: She's nice to see and she's soft to
dialog: touch
text: (holding doll to her ear
dialog: and whispering)
dialog: She says, Cosette, I love you
dialog: very much.
dialog: I know a place where no one's
dialog: lost
dialog: I know a place where no one
dialog: cries.
dialog: Crying at all is not allowed,
dialog: Not in my castle on a cloud.
text: Madame Thenardier comes bustling down the stairs in a bad
text: mood. She glowers at little Cosette and changes the closed
text: sign from "closed" to "open".
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Now look who's here!
dialog: The little madam herself,
text: Pretending once again
dialog: She's been so awfully good!
dialog: Better not let me catch you
dialog: slacking!
dialog: Better not catch my eye!
dialog: Ten rotten francs your mother
dialog: sends me -
dialog: What is that going to buy?
dialog: Now take that pail,
dialog: My little Mademoiselle,
dialog: And go and draw some water from
dialog: the well.
dialog: We should never have taken you in
dialog: In the first place -
dialog: How stupid the things that we do!
dialog: Like mother, like daughter, the
dialog: scum of the street.
dialog: 43.
text: Cosette goes to put the broom away.
text: Eponine comes in from outside.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Eponine, come my dear.
dialog: Eponine, let me see you.
dialog: You look very well in that little
dialog: blue hat!
dialog: There's some little girls who
dialog: know how to behave
dialog: And they know what to wear
dialog: And I'm saying thank heaven for
dialog: that!
text: Madame Thenardier sees that Cosette far from going is
text: hiding behind the far wall. We see Cosette's frightened
text: eyes peering out from a tiny gap in this wall.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Still there, Cosette?
dialog: Your tears will do you no good!
dialog: I told you to fetch some water
text: from the well in the wood.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: (singing through the gap)
dialog: Please do not send me out alone.
dialog: Not in the darkness on my own.
text: Madame Thenardier imitates Cosette as she sings.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: (singing through the gap)
dialog: Enough of that, or I'll forget to
dialog: be nice!
dialog: You heard me ask for something,
dialog: And I never ask twice!
text: The innkeeper's gang posing as customers who have been
text: loitering outside come in, explaining to a fifth man who is a
text: newer recruit a story from Monsieur Thenardier's past. Madame
text: Thenardier goes outside to open up the rather pathetic frost
text: fair stall on the porch of the inn.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER 1
dialog: Mine host Thenardier
dialog: He was there, so they say,
text: At the field of Waterloo.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER 2
dialog: Got there, it's true,
dialog: When the fight was all through
dialog: But he knew just what to do.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER 3
text: Crawling through the mud,
dialog: So I've heard it said,
dialog: (more)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER 3 (cont'd)
text: Picking through the pockets of
dialog: the English dead.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER 4
dialog: He made a tidy score from the
dialog: spoils of war.
text: We suddenly hear the voice of the landlord, Thenardier. He
text: has been there all the time, asleep on a bench. He wakes
text: from his drunken slumbers and roars out:
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: My band of soaks,
dialog: My den of dissolutes,
dialog: My dirty jokes, my always pissed
dialog: as newts,
dialog: My sons of whores,
dialog: Spend their lives in my inn!
text: Homing pigeons homing in -
dialog: They fly through my doors,
dialog: And their money's as good as
dialog: yours!
scene_heading: 36A EXT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - DUSK 36A
text: Madame Thenardier is trying to sell something unappealing
text: from her stall to a portly looking man when slushy snow
text: from the stall's roof falls on the man's head. Madame
text: Thenardier ushers him inside.
scene_heading: 37 INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - DUSK 37
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Welcome, m'sieur!
dialog: Sit yourself down
dialog: And meet the best
dialog: Innkeeper in town!
text: Madame Thenardier pretends to accidentally drop a comb from
text: her hair and the customer helpfully picks it up, allowing
text: Madame Thenardier to pick his wallet from a back pocket as
text: he stands up. Monsieur Thenardier takes his coat which
text: allows the couple to see the customer transfer a pocket
text: watch from coat to jacket pocket.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: As for the rest -
dialog: All of them crooks
dialog: Rooking the guests
dialog: And cooking the books.
dialog: Seldom do you see
dialog: Honest men like me
dialog: A gent of good intent
dialog: Who's content to be -
text: He pours a strong drink for the new customer -
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Master of the house!
dialog: Doling out the charm
text: Ready with a handshake
dialog: And an open palm
text: Thenardier has thieved the pocket watch using his handshake
text: as a distraction. He passes this off to Madame Thenardier.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
text: Tells a saucy tale
dialog: Makes a little stir
dialog: Customers appreciate a bon-viveur
dialog: Glad to do a friend a favour
dialog: Doesn't cost me to be nice
dialog: But nothing gets you nothing
dialog: Everything has got a little
dialog: price!
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Master of the house!
dialog: Keeper of the zoo!
dialog: Ready to relieve'em
dialog: Of a sou or two -
dialog: (serving wine)
dialog: Watering the wine
scene_heading: 37A INT. KITCHEN, INN, MONTFERMEIL - FLASHBACK - DAY 37A
text: Thenardier is pissing into the very wine bottle he's using to
dialog: serve the customer.
scene_heading: 37B INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - DUSK 37B
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Making up the weight
text: Picking up their knick-knacks
dialog: When they can't see straight
dialog: Everybody loves a landlord
dialog: Everybody's bosom friend!
dialog: I do whatever pleases -
dialog: Jesus! Won't I bleed'em in the
dialog: end!
scene_heading: 37C EXT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - DUSK 37C
text: At Madame Thenardier's stall, a frost fair customer is
text: covered by snow, only this time we realise Madame Thenardier
text: is responsible for pushing the snow off the awning with a
dialog: stick.
scene_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS
dialog: Master of the house!
dialog: Quick to catch your eye
dialog: (more)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS (cont'd)
dialog: Never wants a passer-by
dialog: To pass him by!
text: Madame Thenardier ushers the customer inside.
scene_heading: 37D INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - DUSK 37D
text: Again Madame Thenardier drops her comb in front of the new
text: customer but this time the thieving is foiled by little
text: Cosette who helpfully picks it up. Over the chorus she shouts
text: at little Cosette to get out.
scene_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS
dialog: Servant to the poor
dialog: Butler to the great
dialog: Comforter, philosopher and
dialog: lifelong mate
dialog: Everybody's boon companion
dialog: Everybody's chaperone -
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: But lock up your valises -
dialog: Jesus! Won't I skin you to the
dialog: bone!
text: A FAMILY enters the inn. Thenardier fusses over them.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Enter, messieurs!
dialog: Lay down yer load
dialog: Unlace yer boots
dialog: And rest from the road.
dialog: This weighs a ton
dialog: Travel's a curse
dialog: But here we strive
dialog: To lighten your purse.
text: He's got the father's purse out, and is removing notes.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Here the goose is cooked
dialog: Here the fat is fried
dialog: And nothing's overlooked
dialog: Till I'm satisfied -
dialog: Food beyond compare
dialog: Food beyond belief
scene_heading: 38 INT. KITCHEN, INN, MONTFERMEIL - FLASHBACK - DAY 38
text: Thenardier shows off the secrets of the squalid kitchen -
text: every possible animal being used to make mince meat.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER V/O
dialog: Mix it in a mincer
dialog: And pretend it's beef
dialog: Kidney of a horse
dialog: (more)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER V/O (cont'd)
dialog: Liver of a cat
dialog: Filling up the sausages
dialog: With this and that!
scene_heading: 38A INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - DUSK 38A
dialog: Thenardier serves the disgusting food that we've seen him
text: create in the flashback to the family.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Residents are more than welcome
dialog: Bridal suite is occupied
scene_heading: 38B INT. BRIDAL SUITE - FLASHBACK - NIGHT 38B
text: A groom and bride consummate their union.
text: Thenardier is going through the groom's trousers.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER V/O
dialog: Reasonable charges
dialog: Plus some little extras on the
dialog: side.
scene_heading: 38C INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - NIGHT 38C
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Charge'em for the lice
dialog: Extra for the mice
dialog: Two percent for looking in the
dialog: mirror twice.
dialog: Here a little slice
dialog: There a little cut
dialog: Three percent for sleeping with
text: the window shut.
dialog: When it comes to fixing prices
dialog: There are lots of tricks he knows
dialog: How it all increases
dialog: All those bits and pieces -
dialog: Jesus! It's amazing how it grows.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - NIGHT 39
text: Thenardier comes out of the inn, backed by a posse of his
text: gang of loyal customers, and takes control of a brass band to
dialog: sing to the Frost Fair.
scene_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS
dialog: Master of the house!
dialog: Quick to catch your eye
dialog: Never wants a passer-by
dialog: To pass him by!
dialog: 48.
text: Further down the street, carrying her empty buckets, Cosette
text: turns to look sadly back at the cheery sight.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Servant to the poor
dialog: Butler to the great
dialog: Comforter, philosopher and
dialog: lifelong mate
dialog: Everybody's boon companion
dialog: Gives'em everything he's got -
text: The Portly Customer has discovered he's been robbed. He
text: comes out to protest, holding out his emptied wallet. At
text: once two of Thenardier's thugs grab him and hustle him off.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Dirty bunch of geezers
dialog: Jesus! What a sorry little lot!
scene_heading: 39A INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - NIGHT 39A
text: Madame Thenardier approaches a handsome soldier who is
text: drinking at a table by the fire in the inn. She sits on his
text: lap and gets him to look back at Thenardier, so allowing her
text: to see inside his coat and spot his wallet.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: I used to dream
dialog: That I would meet a prince
dialog: But God almighty
dialog: Have you seen what's happened
dialog: since?
dialog: `Master of the house'
dialog: Isn't worth my spit!
dialog: Comforter, philosopher
dialog: And lifelong shit!
dialog: Cunning little brain
dialog: Regular Voltaire
dialog: Thinks he's quite a lover
dialog: But there's not much there.
text: As Madame Thenardier reaches for the man's groin, she lifts
text: his wallet skillfully and hands it off to Monsieur
dialog: Thenardier.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: What a cruel trick of nature
dialog: Landed me with such a louse.
dialog: God knows how I've lasted
dialog: Living with this bastard in the
dialog: house!
text: She pulls the young man into a dance, enabling her to steal
dialog: everything else of value he has. Father Christmas has also
text: been lured from the frost fair and the Thenardiers slit his
text: presents sack and exchange it for a sack containing snow.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS
dialog: Master of the house!
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Master and a half!
scene_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS
dialog: Comforter, philosopher -
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Don't make me laugh!
scene_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS
dialog: Servant to the poor
dialog: Butler to the great -
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Hypocrite and toady
dialog: And inebriate!
scene_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS
dialog: Everybody bless the landlord!
dialog: Everybody bless his spouse!
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Everybody raise a glass!
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Raise it up the master's arse!
scene_heading: THENARDIER/CUSTOMERS
text: Everybody raise a glass to the
dialog: master of the house!
scene_heading: 40/41 SCENES OMITTED 40/41
scene_heading: 42 EXT. WOOD BY THE INN - NIGHT 42
text: Cosette has filled her buckets at the well in the wood, and
text: is now heading back. Through the dark trees ahead we glimpse
text: the cheerful lights of the Frost Fair and the distant inn.
text: She goes slowly, because the buckets are heavy. She hums to
text: herself to keep her spirits up, a wordless verse of `Castle
dialog: on a Cloud'.
text: After a few steps she pauses to rest the weight of the
text: buckets.
text: Strong arms reach for the buckets and lift them out of her
text: hands. She looks up, amazed. There's Valjean.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Hush now, do not be afraid of me.
dialog: Don't cry. Show me where you live.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN (cont'd)
dialog: Tell me, my child, what is your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: I'm called Cosette.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Cosette?
text: She gazes up at him. Hardly knowing why, the little girl
text: trusts this stranger. Valjean picks up the heavy buckets, and
text: they head back towards the inn. As they go, they hum `Castle
dialog: on a Cloud' together.
scene_heading: 43 INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - NIGHT 43
text: Valjean enters with Cosette. Madame Thenardier hurries
text: over. Madame and Monsieur Thenardier try to thieve from
text: Valjean using the same tricks established earlier, but he
text: evades every attempt. Eponine watches silently from a
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I found her wandering in the wood
dialog: This little child, I found her
text: trembling in the shadows.
dialog: And I am here to help Cosette,
dialog: And I will settle any debt you
dialog: may think proper.
dialog: I will pay what I must pay
dialog: To take Cosette away.
dialog: This is a duty I must heed.
dialog: There is a promise I have made.
dialog: For I was blind to one in need,
dialog: I did not see what stood before
dialog: me.
dialog: Now your mother is with God.
dialog: Her suffering is over,
dialog: And I speak here with her voice,
dialog: And I stand here in her place,
dialog: and from this day, and ever more -
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Let me take your coat, m'sieur!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Cosette shall live in my
dialog: protection.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: You are very welcome here!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I will not forget my vow.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Take a glass!
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Take a chair!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Cosette shall have a father now.
text: Thenardier turns to his wife.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: What to do? What to say
dialog: Shall you carry our treasure
dialog: away?
dialog: What a gem! What a pearl!
dialog: Beyond rubies is our little girl!
dialog: How can we speak of debt?
dialog: Let's not haggle for darling
dialog: Colette!
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Cosette!
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Cosette -
dialog: Dear Fantine - gone to rest -
dialog: Have we done for her child what
dialog: is best?
dialog: Shared our bread - shared each
dialog: bone -
dialog: Treated her like she's one of our
dialog: own!
dialog: Like our own, m'sieur!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Your feelings do you credit, sir.
dialog: And I will ease the parting blow.
dialog: Let us not talk of bargains and
text: bones and greed.
text: He gives Thenardier money.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Now may I say we are agreed?
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: That would quite fit the bill
dialog: If she hadn't so often been ill.
dialog: Little dear, cost us dear!
dialog: Medicines are expensive, m'sieur.
dialog: Not that we begrudged a sou -
dialog: It's no more than we Christians
dialog: must do.
dialog: Valjean gives more money.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: THENARDIERS
dialog: One thing more! One small doubt!
dialog: There are treacherous people
dialog: about!
dialog: No offence! Please reflect!
dialog: Your intentions may not be
dialog: correct!
text: Valjean hands over more money.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: No more! Here's your price!
dialog: Fifteen hundred for your
dialog: sacrifice.
dialog: Come, Cosette, say goodbye.
dialog: Let's seek out some friendlier
dialog: sky.
dialog: Thank you both for Cosette -
dialog: It won't take you too long to
dialog: forget.
text: He leads Cosette to the door.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - NIGHT 44
text: Valjean lifts Cosette into the waiting cab.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Where I go, you will be.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Will you be like a Papa to me?
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Yes, Cosette!
dialog: This is true!
dialog: I'll be father and mother to you!
text: The cab sets off down the road.
scene_heading: 45 INT. INN, MONTFERMEIL - NIGHT 45
text: Madame Thenardier takes the bunch of notes from her
text: husband's hand and inspects them.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Not bad!
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Not enough!
text: Through the open door Thenardier sees a man on horseback
text: rattling up to the inn.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: There's a copper at the door!
dialog: What the devil have you done?
text: Javert strides into the inn.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Where's the child Cosette?
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
text: She's gone with a gent,
dialog: Didn't tell us where they went,
dialog: Didn't leave his home address.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Did you catch the fellow's name?
text: Both Thenardiers shake their heads.
text: Javert stares once, contemptuously, round the seedy inn,
text: and departs without a further word. Thenardier goes to the
text: doorway to watch him leave.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: You're a bloody fool
dialog: Look at what we got.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Should have struck the iron,
dialog: Struck it while it's hot.
scene_heading: THENARDIER/MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Next time round we'll be here
dialog: And we're gonna get the lot.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF PARIS - NIGHT 46
text: Valjean's cab, moving fast, passes down the road into the
dialog: city.
text: IN CAB - Valjean has one arm round Cosette to protect her
text: from the jolting of the cab. He gazes at her as she slips
text: into a fitful sleep.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Suddenly I see
text: Suddenly it starts
text: When two anxious hearts
dialog: Beat as one.
dialog: Yesterday I was alone
dialog: Today you walk beside me
dialog: Something still unclear
dialog: Something not yet here
text: Has begun.
dialog: Suddenly the world
dialog: Seems a different place
dialog: Somehow full of grace
dialog: (more)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN (cont'd)
dialog: And delight.
dialog: How was I to know
dialog: That so much love
dialog: Was held inside me?
text: Something fresh and young
dialog: Something still unsung
text: Fills the night.
dialog: How was I to know at last
dialog: That happiness can come so fast?
dialog: Trusting me the way you do
dialog: I'm so afraid of failing you
dialog: Just a child who cannot know
dialog: That danger follows where I go
text: There are shadows everywhere
dialog: And memories I cannot share
dialog: Nevermore alone
dialog: Nevermore apart
dialog: You have warmed my heart
dialog: Like the sun.
dialog: You have brought the gift of life
dialog: And love so long denied me.
dialog: Suddenly I see
dialog: What I could not see
dialog: Something suddenly
text: Has begun.
text: He brushes the hair from her face, and satisfies himself
text: that she's comfortable. Then he puts his head out of the
text: window. At the gate into Paris, soldiers are checking
text: documents of occupants of carriages.
text: Valjean slips out of the carriage with Cosette and makes
text: his way along the wall, away from the gate.
scene_heading: 46A EXT. PARIS BROKEN WALL - NIGHT 46A
text: Valjean finds a section of tumble down wall and climbs over.
scene_heading: 46B EXT. PARIS SLUM STREET - NIGHT 46B
text: Valjean and Cosette make their way down a darkened street.
scene_heading: 46C EXT. PARIS - RIVER SEINE - NIGHT 46C
text: Valjean and Cosette turn down a narrow street, no longer
text: hurrying.
text: The narrow street turns, and opens out onto the river.
text: Valjean stops. There, on the other side of the river, in the
text: light of a lamp, stands Javert.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 47 SCENE OMITTED 47
scene_heading: 48 EXT. MAZE OF OLD STREETS - NIGHT 48
text: Now Valjean and Cosette are running - down narrow alleys,
text: into small dark courtyards, not knowing which way to turn.
text: Whenever Valjean thinks they've thrown their pursuer, there
text: he is, not far behind. And he's no longer alone. With him
text: are a detachment of soldiers.
dialog: Javert and his team never seem to run. But he's always
dialog: there.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. DEAD END - NIGHT 49
text: Valjean and Cosette turn into a street that is walled in by
text: high windowless houses. They follow it round a corner to
text: find - a dead end. A high wall before them. They're
dialog: trapped.
text: Valjean looks round. No way out. Then he sees a nearby lamp
text: bracket. Hanging from it is the rope that is used to lower
text: the oil lamp for lighting. He tears off the rope and ties
text: one end round Cosette, beneath her armpits. Then holding
text: the other end, he scales the wall, using the corner to
text: brace himself as he rises. Once on the top, he hauls
text: Cosette up by the rope. Only then does he turn to look down
text: onto the other side.
text: A cloister. A building in the middle, windows glowing.
text: Grave stones black against the white snow. The sound of
text: women's voices, singing a psalm.
speaker_heading: NUNS
dialog: Te lucis ante terminum
dialog: Rerum Creator poscimus
dialog: Ut pro tua clementia
dialog: Sis praesul et custodia...
text: Valjean lowers Cosette down into the garden, and drops down
dialog: after her.
text: Javert and his men enter the dead end to find them gone.
scene_heading: 50 INT. CONVENT CLOISTER - NIGHT 50
text: Valjean crouched low, with Cosette in his arms, holding her
text: still and quiet until Javert is gone.
text: Then he straightens up and looks round. He takes in the
text: sound of singing.
speaker_heading: NUNS
dialog: Procul recedant somnia
dialog: Et noctium phantasmata
dialog: (more)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: NUNS (cont'd)
dialog: Hostemque nostrum comprime
dialog: Ne polluantur corpora...
text: He goes closer to the windows of the building. Through the
text: blurry glass he can make out a chapel, and a line of nuns
dialog: singing.
text: Valjean continues and sees a man filling in a new grave.
text: The man starts as he sees Valjean.
speaker_heading: FAUCHELEVENT
dialog: Who's that?
text: Valjean jumps, takes Cosette protectively into his arms.
text: Turns to answer.
speaker_heading: FAUCHELEVENT
dialog: Why, it's Monsieur Mayor!
text: It's Fauchelevent, now a gardener, still limping from his
dialog: injury.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: FAUCHELEVENT
dialog: Don't you remember? The cart fell
dialog: on me!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Monsieur Fauchelevent!
speaker_heading: FAUCHELEVENT
dialog: You saved my life! You got me
dialog: this job as a gardener!
text: Valjean gazes at him, and remembers.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Now you can do the same for me.
dialog: We need a place of sanctuary.
dialog: This child and I, we need to
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: FAUCHELEVENT
dialog: In this place of Holy Orders
dialog: You are brought to God's domain
dialog: May the sisters grant you shelter
dialog: May their prayers ease your pain.
text: Valjean and Cosette follow him to the convent.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: We'll give thanks for what is
dialog: granted
dialog: What the sisters may ordain
dialog: Here we pray for new beginnings -
dialog: Here our lives can start again.
dialog: 57.
text: Valjean looks to the heavens. The camera soars into the air
text: and heads east as dawn breaks over Paris. We rush low over
text: Paris as the sun comes up, towards the Place de la Bastille.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. PLACE DE LA BASTILLE, PARIS - DAY 51
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTION:
dialog: Nine years later
text: The dawn light glows on a massive ELEPHANT. The monument,
text: made of wood and plaster, now ruined and crumbling, stands
text: on a plinth on one side of the wide open square. On the far
text: side, the remains of the great fortress that was the
text: Bastille. In the middle, scaffolding surrounds a half-built
text: triumphal column, which is being erected to celebrate the
dialog: new regime.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTION:
dialog: Paris, 1832.
text: The streets that run from the square lead in one direction
dialog: to the Paris of power and wealth; in the other direction
text: into the slums.
text: The camera sweeps in and down to meet the elephant.
text: A head pops out of one of the elephant's many holes -
text: GAVROCHE, a street urchin. He gives a shrill whistle. At
text: once a dozen more street urchins show themselves, from
text: every crack in the monument's skin. Agile as a monkey,
text: Gavroche drops to the ground, followed by his band.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. PARIS BOULEVARD - DAY 52
text: FOLLOW GAVROCHE in as he races down a grand boulevard,
text: dodging the crowds of strolling bourgeoisie and beggars,
text: weaving in and out of the lines of carriages attempting to
dialog: make their way in either direction. These are the
text: conveyances of the rich, fine gilded coaches with matched
text: horses and footmen on the back. Virtually at a standstill,
text: they lend Gavroche a platform as he leaps from coach to
text: coach, a street urchin dancing on the heads of the elite.
text: As he goes, the poor on the pavements sing to the stony-
text: faced rich in their golden high-sprung glory -
speaker_heading: BEGGARS CHORUS
text: Look down and see the beggars at
dialog: your feet!
dialog: Look down and show some mercy if
dialog: you can!
dialog: Look down and see the sweepings
dialog: of the street!
dialog: (more)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: BEGGARS CHORUS (cont'd)
dialog: Look down, look down,
dialog: Upon your fellow man!
text: The fine ladies and grand gentlemen in the carriages avert
text: their eyes, or raise the blinds of their carriage windows
dialog: to shut out the sight of the losers of their world.
text: Gavroche, bounding over their heads, evading the swipes of
text: liveried footmen, lands on the running board of one
text: particularly grand carriage and begs/taunts the RICH
speaker_heading: OCCUPANT.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: `Ow do you do? My name's
dialog: Gavroche!
dialog: These are my people, here's my
dialog: patch.
dialog: Not much to look at - nothing
dialog: posh!
dialog: Nothing that you'd call up to
dialog: scratch.
dialog: This is my school, my high
dialog: society!
text: Here in the slums of St Michel.
dialog: We live on crumbs of humble piety
dialog: Tough on the teeth - but what the
dialog: hell!
dialog: Think you're poor? Think you're
dialog: free?
dialog: Follow me! Follow me!
speaker_heading: BEGGARS CHORUS
dialog: Look down and show some mercy if
dialog: you can!
dialog: Look down, look down, upon your
dialog: fellow man!
text: STILL RUNNING WITH Gavroche as he hops onto the back of
text: another very grand carriage, the traffic now moving at
text: last, hitching a ride on the back - one or two of his gang
text: hop on back of carriage with him, the others run panting
text: after to hear his political lecture.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: There was a time we killed the
dialog: King
dialog: We tried to change the world too
dialog: fast.
dialog: Now we have got another King,
text: He is no better than the last.
dialog: This is the land that fought for
dialog: liberty -
dialog: Now when we fight we fight for
dialog: bread!
dialog: Here is the thing about equality -
dialog: Everyone's equal when they're
dialog: dead.
dialog: Take your place!
dialog: (more)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE (cont'd)
dialog: Take your chance!
dialog: Vive la France! Vive la France!
scene_heading: 53 EXT. LAMARQUE'S HOUSE, PARIS - DAY 53
text: The carriage has reached an arch into a courtyard where a
text: crowd of a couple of hundred is gathered outside a house of
text: sickness. The carriage stops as its occupant wants to watch
text: what is going on. The street is padded with straw. Many eyes
text: gaze up at the draped windows. People cross themselves. A
text: priest is seen hurrying into the house, accompanied by two
dialog: altar boys.
text: Gavroche jumps off as the carriage stops and joins the crowd.
text: The crowd is made up of citizens of Paris, student
text: revolutionaries, the poor and beggars. The students hand out
text: printed leaflets and try to excite the crowd.
scene_heading: STUDENTS/BEGGARS CHORUS
dialog: Look down and show some mercy if
dialog: you can!
dialog: Look down, look down, upon your
dialog: fellow man!
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: When's it gonna end?
speaker_heading: BEGGAR 1
dialog: When we gonna live?
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: Something's gotta happen now!
speaker_heading: BEGGAR 2
dialog: Something's gotta give!
scene_heading: STUDENTS AND BEGGARS
dialog: It'll come, it'll come, it'll
dialog: come...
dialog: It'll come, it'll come, it'll
dialog: come...
text: A student, ENJOLRAS, stands on a raised step, making an
text: impassioned speech with fellow student MARIUS. The occupant
text: of the stopped carriage is MONSIEUR GILLENORMAND, Marius'
text: Grandfather. He is clearly deeply unhappy to see his grandson
dialog: engaged in such an activity.
text: In the crowd a young street girl, EPONINE, has her eyes fixed
text: longingly on the handsome Marius.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Where are the leaders of the
dialog: land?
dialog: Where are the swells who run this
dialog: show?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Only one man, General Lamarque
dialog: Speaks for the people here below!
text: Marius looks towards Lamarque's house behind him.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
text: Lamarque is ill and fading fast -
dialog: Won't last a week out, so they
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: With all the anger in the land,
dialog: How long before the Judgement
dialog: Day?
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Before we cut the fat ones down
dialog: to size?
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: Before the barricades arise?
text: Mounted Police ride in to break up the crowd.
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: Look down, look down, don't look us
dialog: in the eye!
dialog: Look down, look down, stay here and
dialog: you die!
text: The crowd breaks up. The students shout to the crowd:
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Tomorrow we will return!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Tell everyone you know
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: We will show them!
speaker_heading: COMBEFERRE
dialog: Lamarque is the only leader on our
dialog: side!
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: We have a right to pray for
dialog: Lamarque!
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: We need more people, then the
dialog: police will not dare ride against
dialog: us!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Vive le General Lamarque!
dialog: 61.
text: Marius turns to see his Grandfather staring him down,
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: GILLENORMAND
dialog: Do you have any idea of the shame
dialog: you bring on your family! You're
text: behaving like a child.
text: Gillenormand spies a gun poking out of his jacket.
text: Gillenormand turns to get back in his carriage.
scene_heading: 54 INT. GORBEAU TENEMENT 54
text: Through a crack in a door, we see Marius sitting on a tatty
text: mattress in a tiny hovel of a room. He is taking out a
text: hunting rifle from under the mattress, wrapped in a rag. His
text: eye is caught by the ring on his finger.
text: CLOSE ON a signet ring, a family crest.
text: Marius stares at the ring then takes it off his finger.
text: We reveal EPONINE staring at him through the door.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Hey there Monsieur what's new
dialog: with you?
dialog: Haven't seen much of you of late.
dialog: Planning no doubt to change the
dialog: world?
dialog: Plotting to overthrow the state?
dialog: Still living here in this old sewer
dialog: Might as well doss down in a ditch
dialog: You still pretending to be poor
dialog: Everyone knows your Grandpa's rich
text: Marius rushes down the stairs of the slum, Eponine following.
text: We see glimpses of misery off the stairwell.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: How did you...?
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: There's lots of things I know
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Won't take a franc that I've not
dialog: earned
dialog: All of those bridges have been
dialog: burned.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: I like the way you talk Monsieur!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I like the way you always tease.
dialog: 62.
text: Eponine comes to a stop, looking wistfully after Marius.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Little he knows -
text: Little he sees.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. RUE DE LA CHANVRERIE - END OF DAY 55
text: Marius is stopped as he exits the front door of the Gorbeau
text: Tenement by a passing carriage. Once it passes Marius sees
text: two people in the street outside. One is an old gentleman,
text: Valjean. The other is a beautiful young girl, Cosette. The
text: two are giving alms to beggars as they walk back from
dialog: evening church service.
text: Marius can't take his eyes off Cosette. He's never seen
dialog: anyone so lovely in his life. We hear the instrumental
text: foreshadowing of `A Heart Full of Love'.
text: As if drawn by Marius's gaze, Cosette looks up and meets
text: his eyes. She too is amazed: he's looking at her as if he
text: already knows her. A second carriage breaks their held
dialog: gaze.
text: Marius continues on down the street and when he looks back,
text: at that precise moment Cosette looks at him again.
text: Valjean instinctively puts his arm round her, guarding her
text: jealously from this distant boy's gaze.
text: We cut further down the street to an alleyway where the
text: Thenardiers, heavily disguised, are waiting for Valjean's
text: approach with their gang of crooks, Babet, Brujon,
dialog: Clacquesous, Montparnasse.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Everyone here, you know your
dialog: place -
dialog: Brujon, Babet, Clacquesous -
dialog: You, Montparnasse, watch for the
dialog: law -
dialog: With Eponine - take care.
text: (Montparnasse hurries over
text: to the doorway where
dialog: Eponine was watching
dialog: Marius)
dialog: You turn on the tears!
dialog: (to Madame Thenardier who
dialog: is holding a baby)
dialog: No mistakes, my dears!
text: Thenardier approaches Valjean and lures him into the mouth
text: of the alleyway where Madame Thenardier is sat on the
text: ground holding the crying infant. Cosette is a few steps
text: behind, still entranced by the sight of Marius.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Please, M'sieur, come this way.
dialog: Here's a child that ain't eaten
dialog: today.
dialog: Save a life, spare a sou!
dialog: God rewards all the good that you
dialog: do.
text: As Valjean bends down to look at Madame Thenardier she
text: recognizes him.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Wait a bit! Know that face!
dialog: (to Monsieur Thenardier)
dialog: Ain't the world a remarkable
dialog: place!
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Men like me don't forget -
dialog: You're the bastard who borrowed
dialog: Cosette!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: What is this? Are you mad?
dialog: No, Monsieur, you don't know what
dialog: you say!
text: Thenardier pulls off his disguise. Valjean recognises him.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: You know me! I know you!
dialog: And you'll pay what I'm due.
text: He signals to his gang. A door opens in the alleyway
text: revealing the huge Brujon. The gang move in on Valjean
text: menacingly.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: (shouts from up the
dialog: street)
dialog: It's the police! Disappear!
dialog: Run for it! It's Javert!
text: The gang spill out into the street to find themselves
text: confronted by Javert now with his men. Marius watches, as
text: does Gavroche, drawn by the rumpus.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
text: Another brawl in the square!
dialog: Another stink in the air!
dialog: Was there a witness to this?
dialog: Well, let him speak to Javert!
text: He sees man with his arm protectively round a girl but does
text: not recognize Valjean as Valjean has averted his face.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Monsieur, these streets are not
dialog: safe.
dialog: But let these vermin beware,
dialog: We'll see that justice is done!
text: He turns back on the Thenardier gang in the passage.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Look upon this fine collection
text: Crawled from underneath a stone.
text: This swarm of worms and maggots
dialog: Could have picked you to the
dialog: bone!
dialog: I know this man over here,
dialog: I know his name and his trade.
dialog: And on your witness, m'sieur,
dialog: I'll see him suitably paid.
text: He turns back to find Valjean and Cosette gone.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: But where's the gentlemen gone?
dialog: And why on earth did he run?
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: You will have a job to find him!
dialog: He's not all he seems to be -
text: And that girl he trails behind
dialog: him
dialog: She's the child he stole from me!
text: Marius, equally baffled, goes off in search of them.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Could it be he's that old
dialog: jailbird
dialog: That the tide now washes in?
dialog: Heard my name and started
dialog: running...
text: All the omens point to him.
text: Thenardier, listening, hears this all with great interest.
text: So Valjean is a crook like him.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: And the girl who stood beside
dialog: him,
dialog: When I turned they both had gone.
dialog: Could he be the man I've hunted?
dialog: Could it be he's Jean Valjean?
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
text: In the absence of a victim,
dialog: Dear Inspector, may I go?
dialog: And remember when you've nicked
dialog: him
dialog: It was me what told you so.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Let the old man keep on running
dialog: I will run him off his feet!
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: Everyone about your business!
dialog: (to Gavroche)
dialog: Clear this garbage off the
dialog: street!
text: Gavroche is sitting on a horse trough and falls back into it
text: when Javert surprises him.
text: He is furious. He sings to Javert's departing back, and to
text: Marius who is close by.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: That inspector thinks he's
dialog: something
dialog: But it's me who runs this town!
dialog: And my theatre never closes
dialog: And the curtain's never down!
dialog: Trust Gavroche! Have no fear!
dialog: You can always find me here!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Cosette! Now I remember...
dialog: Cosette! How can it be?
dialog: We were children together.
dialog: Look what's become of me.
text: She turns back to find Marius gazing down the street.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Eponine! Who was that girl?
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: That bourgeois two-a-penny thing!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Eponine, find her for me!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: What will you give me?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Anything!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Got you all excited now,
dialog: But God knows what you see in
dialog: her.
dialog: Aren't you all delighted now?
dialog: No, I don't want your money, sir.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Eponine, do this for me,
dialog: Discover where she lives.
dialog: But careful how you go -
dialog: Don't let your father know.
dialog: Eponine! I'm lost until she's
dialog: found.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: You see? I told you so!
dialog: There's lots of things I know!
dialog: Eponine, she knows her way
dialog: around.
scene_heading: 56-61 SCENES OMITTED 56-61
scene_heading: 62 EXT. PARIS POLICE HQ - NIGHT 62
dialog: WIDE of the Police Headquarters on the Isle de la Cite: a
text: huge bureaucracy. The camera finds Javert standing inside
text: looking out of a door leading onto the roof. As he sings
text: he walks out onto the roof and stands by the symbol of the
text: HQ, a monumental stone eagle. He looks down at the lights
text: reflected in the river below. Then up at the great city.
dialog: Javert too has a God, and this is his prayer.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
text: There, out in the darkness
text: A fugitive running
dialog: Running from God
dialog: Fallen from grace -
dialog: God be my witness
dialog: I never shall yield
dialog: Till we come face to face -
dialog: Till we come face to face...
text: He knows his way in the dark
dialog: Mine is the way of the Lord
dialog: Those who follow the path of the
dialog: righteous
dialog: Shall have their reward
dialog: And if they fall
dialog: As Lucifer fell -
dialog: The flame!
dialog: The sword!
dialog: Stars in your multitudes!
dialog: Scarce to be counted
text: Filling the darkness
dialog: With order and light -
dialog: You are the sentinels
dialog: Silent and sure
dialog: Keeping watch in the night -
dialog: Keeping watch in the night...
dialog: You know your place in the sky
dialog: You hold your course
dialog: (more)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: JAVERT (cont'd)
dialog: And your aim
dialog: And each in your season
dialog: Returns and returns
dialog: And is always the same
dialog: And if you fall
dialog: As Lucifer fell
dialog: You fall
dialog: In flame!
dialog: And so it must be, and so it is
dialog: written
text: On the doorway to paradise
dialog: That those who falter
dialog: And those who fall
dialog: Must pay the price!
dialog: Lord, let me find him
dialog: That I may see him
dialog: Safe behind bars!
dialog: I will never rest till then!
dialog: This I swear
dialog: This I swear by the stars!
text: Javert stands silhouetted against the stars, his arms
text: raised up to the night sky.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. RUE DE LA CHANVRERIE - NIGHT 63
text: Marius comes down the street, his mind full of thoughts of
dialog: Cosette.
scene_heading: 64 INT. CAFÉ MUSAIN - NIGHT 64
text: Marius arrives at the first floor front room. Here a group
text: of students are cleaning rifles and sharing their
text: excitement at the coming revolution: ENJOLRAS, COMBEFERRE,
text: COURFEYRAC, JOLY, GRANTAIRE, FEUILLY, PROUVAIRE and others.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Well, Courfeyrac! Do we have all
dialog: the guns?
dialog: Joly, Prouvaire! Our time is
dialog: running short!
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: Students, workers, everyone!
dialog: There's a river on the run!
dialog: Like the flowing of the tide,
dialog: Paris is coming to our side!
speaker_heading: COMBEFERRE
dialog: Enjolras! At Notre Dame
dialog: The sections are prepared!
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: FEUILLY
dialog: At Rue du Bac
dialog: They're straining at the leash!
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Grantaire, put the bottle down!
dialog: Did we get the guns we need?
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: Give me brandy on my breath
dialog: And I'll breathe them all to death!
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: The time is near...
text: So near it's stirring the blood
text: in their veins.
dialog: And yet beware!
dialog: Don't let the wine go to your
dialog: brains.
dialog: For the army we fight is a
dialog: dangerous foe
dialog: With the men and the arms that we
dialog: never can match.
dialog: It is easy to sit here and swat
dialog: them like flies
dialog: But the National Guard will be
dialog: harder to catch.
dialog: We need a sign
dialog: To rally the people
dialog: To call them to arms
dialog: To bring them in line!
text: Joly turns goes over to Marius at the back, a faraway look
text: on his face.
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: Marius, wake up!
dialog: What's wrong today?
dialog: You look as if you've seen a
dialog: ghost.
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: Some wine, and say what's going
dialog: on!
text: They sit.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: A ghost, you say? A ghost maybe!
dialog: She was like a ghost to me -
dialog: One minute there - then she was
dialog: gone!
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: I am agog! I am aghast!
dialog: Is Marius in love at last?
dialog: I've never heard him Ooh and Aah.
dialog: You talk of battles to be won
dialog: (more)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE (cont'd)
dialog: And here he comes like Don Juan!
dialog: It is better than an opera!
text: They burst into laughter. But Enjolras isn't smiling.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: It is time for us all
dialog: To decide who we are.
dialog: Do we fight for the right
dialog: To a night at the opera now?
dialog: Have you asked yourselves
dialog: What's the price you might pay?
dialog: Is this simply a game
dialog: For rich young boys to play?
dialog: The colours of the world
dialog: Are changing day by day -
dialog: Red - the blood of angry men!
dialog: Black - the dark of ages past!
dialog: Red - a world about to dawn!
text: Black - the night that ends at
dialog: last!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Had you seen her today
dialog: You might know how it feels
dialog: To be struck to the bone
dialog: By a moment of breathless delight!
dialog: Had you been there today
dialog: You might also have known
dialog: How the world may be changed
text: In just one burst of light
dialog: And what was right seems wrong
dialog: And what was wrong seems right!
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: Red!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I feel my soul on fire!
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: Black!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: My world if she's not there!
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: Red!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: The colour of desire!
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: Black!
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: The colour of despair!
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Marius, you're no longer a child -
dialog: I do not doubt you mean it well
dialog: But now there is a higher call!
dialog: Who cares about your lonely soul?
dialog: We strive towards a larger goal -
dialog: Our little lives don't count at
dialog: all!
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Red!
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: The blood of angry men!
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Black!
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: The dark of ages past!
dialog: Red - a world about to dawn!
text: Black - the night that ends at
dialog: last!
text: A scuffle at the door - Gavroche struggling with the
text: barman. Courfeyrac lets him through.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Listen! Listen to me!
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: Listen, everybody!
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: General Lamarque is dead!
text: Enjolras turns to his companions.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Lamarque is dead...
dialog: Lamarque... His death is the hour
dialog: of fate.
dialog: The people's man...
dialog: His death is the sign we await!
dialog: On his funeral day they will
dialog: honour his name
dialog: With the light of rebellion
text: ablaze in their eyes.
dialog: From their candles of grief we
dialog: will kindle our flame.
dialog: On the tomb of Lamarque shall our
dialog: barricades rise!
dialog: The time is here!
dialog: (more)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS (cont'd)
dialog: Let us welcome it gladly with
dialog: courage and cheer!
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Let us take to the street with no
dialog: doubt in our hearts
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: But a jubilant shout!
speaker_heading: LESGLES
dialog: They will come one and all!
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: They will come when we call!
text: As the students sing, Eponine enters wanting to talk to
text: Marius. Marius sees her.
scene_heading: 65 INT. VALJEAN'S HOUSE, RUE PLUMET - NIGHT 65
text: Cosette is pacing in her bedroom. It's a pretty room, the
text: best room in this small summer house. Her shutters are
text: open, giving a view of a wild unkempt garden. She looks at
text: herself in a mirror, aware of her looks perhaps for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: How strange -
dialog: This feeling that my life's begun
dialog: at last!
dialog: This change -
dialog: Can people really fall in love so
dialog: fast?
dialog: What's the matter with you,
dialog: Cosette?
dialog: Have you been too much on your
dialog: own?
dialog: So many things unclear -
dialog: So many things unknown...
dialog: In my life
dialog: There are so many questions and
dialog: answers
dialog: That somehow seem wrong.
dialog: In my life
dialog: There are times when I catch in
dialog: the silence
text: The sigh of a faraway song
dialog: And it sings
dialog: Of a world that I long to see -
dialog: Out of reach
dialog: Just a whisper away
dialog: Waiting for me!
dialog: Does he know I'm alive?
dialog: Do I know if he's real?
dialog: (more)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: COSETTE (cont'd)
dialog: Does he see what I see?
dialog: Does he feel what I feel?
dialog: In my life
dialog: I'm no longer alone -
dialog: Now the love in my life
dialog: Is so near...
dialog: Find me now! Find me here!
text: Valjean knocks and opens her door. He closes her shutters.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Dear Cosette,
dialog: You're such a lonely child.
dialog: How pensive, how sad you seem to
dialog: me.
dialog: Believe me, were it within my
dialog: power
dialog: I'd fill each passing hour.
dialog: How quiet it must be, I can see,
dialog: With only me for company.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: There's so little I know
dialog: That I'm longing to know
dialog: Of the man that you were
dialog: In a time long ago...
dialog: There's so little you say
dialog: Of the life you have known,
dialog: Why you keep to yourself,
dialog: Why we're always alone.
dialog: So dark! So dark and deep,
dialog: The secrets that you keep!
dialog: In my life
dialog: Please forgive what I say
dialog: You are loving and gentle and
dialog: good.
dialog: But papa, dear papa,
dialog: In your eyes I am still like that
dialog: child
text: Who was lost in a wood.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: No more words -
dialog: No more words.
dialog: It's a time that is dead.
dialog: There are words
dialog: That are better unheard,
text: Better unsaid.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: In my life
dialog: I'm no longer a child and I yearn
dialog: For the truth that you know
dialog: Of the years... Years ago!
dialog: 73.
text: Valjean leaves and goes into his own bedroom. A simple wooden
text: shack at the back of the summerhouse, Valjean himself lives
dialog: with spartan simplicity - he has given the best room to
dialog: Cosette.
text: Cosette follows. Valjean sits on his bed, his back to
dialog: Cosette.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: You will learn.
dialog: Truth is given by God
dialog: To us all in our time,
dialog: In our turn.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. RUE PLUMET - NIGHT 66
text: Marius rushes down the street, Eponine following. At the
text: far end is the walled garden behind which lies Valjean's
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: In my life
text: She has burst like the music of
dialog: angels
dialog: The light of the sun!
dialog: And my life seems to stop
text: As if something is over
dialog: And something has scarcely begun!
dialog: Eponine, you're the friend
dialog: Who has brought me here.
dialog: Thanks to you I am one with the
dialog: Gods
dialog: And heaven is near!
dialog: And I soar through a world that
dialog: is new,
dialog: That is free!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Every word that he says
dialog: Is a dagger in me!
dialog: In my life
dialog: There's been no one like him
dialog: anywhere,
dialog: Anywhere, where he is
dialog: If he asked... I'd be his!
speaker_heading: MARIUS/EPONINE
dialog: In my life
dialog: There is someone who touches my
dialog: life -
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: (sees Cosette in the
dialog: garden)
dialog: Waiting near!
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Waiting here!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: A heart full of love!
text: Cosette sees Marius. She comes up the garden path towards
text: him. She sees Eponine by Marius's side.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: A heart full of song!
dialog: I'm doing everything all wrong -
dialog: Oh God, for shame -
dialog: I do not even know your name.
dialog: Dear Mad'moiselle,
dialog: Won't you say?
dialog: Will you tell?
text: Cosette holds the wrought-ironwork of the gate with both
text: hands, eyes on Marius. Eponine looks on and suffers. Marius
text: wraps his hands round Cosette's.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: A heart full of love!
dialog: No fear, no regret!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: My name is Marius Pontmercy.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: And mine's Cosette.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Cosette... I don't know what to
dialog: say -
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Then make no sound.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I am lost -
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: I am found!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
text: A heart full of light -
speaker_heading: COSETTE/MARIUS
dialog: A night bright as day -
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: And you must never go away,
dialog: Cosette - Cosette!
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: This is a chain we'll never
dialog: break.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Do I dream?
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: I'm awake.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: A heart full of love -
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: He was never mine to lose
dialog: Why regret
dialog: What could not be?
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: A heart full of you -
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: These are words he'll never say
dialog: Not to me, not to me
dialog: Not for me!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: A single look and then I knew!
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: I knew it too!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: His heart full of love...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: From today -
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: He will never feel this way.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Every day...
speaker_heading: MARIUS/COSETTE
dialog: For it isn't a dream -
dialog: Not a dream
dialog: After all!
text: Valjean comes to the door.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Cosette! Cosette!
text: Cosette turns and runs in to the house.
text: Valjean walks down the overgrown garden path to the gate.
text: Marius moves quickly away, instinctively nervous of
text: discovery, and hides behind the wall.
dialog: 76.
text: Valjean peers into the shadows. He senses that perhaps
text: Cosette has been talking to someone. He looks pensive.
text: Valjean returns inside.
text: Cosette has dropped a keepsake through the gate. Marius picks
dialog: it up.
text: Marius makes his way back down the street, filled with
text: thoughts of his love. Completely forgetting Eponine is there.
text: Shadows move up the street from the other direction. It's
text: Thenardier and his gang. They gather at the wrought-iron
dialog: gate.
speaker_heading: MONTPARNASSE
dialog: This is his lair!
dialog: I've seen the old fox around.
speaker_heading: BABET
dialog: He keeps himself to himself
text: He's staying close to the ground.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: I smell profit here!
dialog: Ten years ago
dialog: He came and paid for Cosette.
dialog: I let her go for a song.
dialog: It's time we settled the debt.
dialog: This'll cost him dear.
speaker_heading: BRUJON
dialog: What do I care
dialog: Who you should rob?
dialog: Gimme my share!
dialog: Finish the job!
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: You shut your mouth!
dialog: You'll get what's yours!
text: Brujon starts working on the gate lock. He finds Eponine
text: lurking in the shadows.
speaker_heading: BRUJON
dialog: What have we here?
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Who is this hussy?
speaker_heading: BABET
dialog: It's your brat Eponine!
dialog: Don't you know your own kid?
dialog: Why's she hanging about here?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Eponine, get on home!
dialog: You're not needed in this.
dialog: We're enough here without you.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: I know this house, I tell you!
dialog: There's nothing here for you!
text: Just the old man and the girl.
dialog: They live ordinary lives.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Don't interfere!
dialog: You've got some gall!
dialog: Take care, young miss,
dialog: You've got a lot to say!
speaker_heading: BRUJON
dialog: She's going soft!
speaker_heading: CLACQUESOUS
dialog: Happens to all!
speaker_heading: MONTPARNASSE
dialog: Go home, Eponine!
dialog: Go home, you're in the way!
text: They huddle round the garden gate, which is now broken
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: I'm gonna scream! I'm gonna warn
dialog: them here!
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: One little scream and you'll
dialog: regret it for a year!
text: He goes to the gate and opens it.
text: Eponine screams.
speaker_heading: 67 SCENE OMITTED 67
scene_heading: 68 INT. RUE PLUMET, PARIS - NIGHT 68
text: Valjean, now in his own bedroom, hears the scream and turns
text: to the window.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. RUE PLUMET - NIGHT 69
text: Thenardier and his gang shrink into the shadows, as
text: Eponine's scream ends at last.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Make for the sewers!
dialog: Get underground!
dialog: Leave her to me,
dialog: Don't wait around!
text: He turns on Eponine and slaps her hard across the face.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: You wait, my girl!
dialog: You'll rue this night!
dialog: I'll make you scream!
dialog: You'll scream all right!
text: His men have levered up a grating, and now Thenardier and
text: the gang disappear down into the sewers.
scene_heading: 70 INT. VALJEAN'S HOUSE - RUE PLUMET, PARIS - NIGHT 70
text: Valjean comes running into Cosette's room. Valjean takes
text: her in his arms.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: My God, Cosette!
text: I heard a cry in the dark.
text: I heard the shout of angry voices
text: in the street.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Three men I saw beyond the
dialog: wall...
text: Three men in shadow moving fast!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: This is a warning to us all!
dialog: These are the shadows of the
dialog: past!
text: He moves away to his own bedroom.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Must be Javert.
dialog: He's found my cover at last.
dialog: I've got to get Cosette away
text: Before he returns.
text: He comes back to Cosette.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: We must get away from shadows
dialog: That will never let us be.
dialog: Tonight we leave Cosette!
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: To where?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Rue de L'Homme Armee.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: No! No!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
text: And then a ship across the sea.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Hurry, Cosette! Prepare to leave,
dialog: And say no more.
dialog: Tonight we'll away!
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: No! Please no! We can't go!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Hurry, Cosette!
dialog: It's time to close another door
dialog: And live another day!
text: Valjean leaves to start packing.
text: Feverishly, Cosette scribbles a letter.
scene_heading: 71 SCENE OMITTED 71
scene_heading: 72 EXT. GARDEN, RUE PLUMET - NIGHT 72
text: Cosette hurries down the garden to the gate, and goes to
text: put the folded letter in the grill where her and Marius'
text: hands entwined. Then she sees Eponine. Eponine steps
text: forward. She thrusts her letter into her hand.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Please give this to Marius! He
dialog: must know where to find me.
text: She runs back inside.
scene_heading: 73 EXT. RUE PLUMET/BRIDGE/RUE DE LA CHANVRERIE - NIGHT 73
text: Eponine crumples up the letter.
text: She walks sadly away down the street.
text: Rain is just starting to fall.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: And now I'm all alone again -
text: Nowhere to turn, no one to go to.
dialog: Without a home, without a friend,
dialog: (more)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: EPONINE (cont'd)
text: Without a face to say hello to.
dialog: The city goes to bed
dialog: And I can live inside my head.
dialog: On my own
dialog: Pretending he's beside me
dialog: All alone
dialog: I walk with him till morning
dialog: Without him
text: I feel his arms around me
dialog: And when I lose my way I close my
dialog: eyes
dialog: And he has found me.
text: She crosses a bridge over the river.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: In the rain
text: The pavement shines like silver
dialog: All the lights
dialog: Are misty in the river
text: In the darkness the trees are
dialog: full of starlight
dialog: And all I see is him and me
dialog: forever and forever!
dialog: And I know it's only in my mind -
dialog: That I'm talking to myself and
dialog: not to him.
dialog: And although I know that he is
dialog: blind,
dialog: Still I say there's a way for us.
dialog: I love him
text: But when the night is over
text: He is gone - the river's just a
dialog: river.
dialog: Without him the world around me
dialog: changes -
text: The trees are bare and everywhere
text: The streets are full of
dialog: strangers.
dialog: I love him
dialog: But every day I'm learning
dialog: All my life I've only been
dialog: pretending.
dialog: Without me, his world will go on
dialog: turning
dialog: A world that's full of happiness
dialog: That I have never know.
dialog: I love him
dialog: I love him
dialog: I love him
dialog: But only on my own.
dialog: 81.
text: Her solitary journey has brought her to the Gorbeau slum.
text: She goes inside.
scene_heading: 73A INT. GORBEAU TENEMENT - NIGHT 73A
text: Eponine stands outside Marius' door. She opens the letter,
text: reads it, then hides it in her pocket. She pushes open
text: Marius' door. Marius looks up.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: I came to tell you she's gone.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Gone? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: She's gone to England.
text: Marius sets off at a run towards the Rue Plumet.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. RUE PLUMET - NIGHT 74
text: Marius finds the gate broken open, sees the house beyond
text: dark and deserted. He pushes in to the garden, up to the
text: house windows, sees the rooms empty within. He stands
text: staring, in shock.
text: Eponine has followed him, and watches him in silence.
scene_heading: 75 SCENE OMITTED 75
scene_heading: 76 INT. CARRIAGE - NIGHT. 76
text: Valjean and Cosette sit on either side of the carriage,
text: apart, staring out of their respective windows. A stark
text: contrast to the carriage scene when Valjean sang to Cosette
text: as a little girl.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: One day more!
dialog: Another day, another destiny.
dialog: This never-ending road to
dialog: Calvary.
dialog: These men who seem to know my
dialog: crime
dialog: Will surely come a second time -
dialog: One day more!
scene_heading: 77 EXT. RUE PLUMET - NIGHT 77
text: Marius by the empty house.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I did not live until today -
dialog: How can I live when we are parted?
scene_heading: 78 INT. CARRIAGE - NIGHT 78
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: One day more!
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Tomorrow you'll be worlds away
dialog: And yet with you my world has
dialog: started!
scene_heading: 79 EXT/INT. RUE PLUMET/CARRIAGE - NIGHT 79
text: INTERCUT between Eponine at the gate, Cosette and Valjean
text: in the carriage, and Marius in the dark garden.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: One more day all on my own...
speaker_heading: MARIUS/COSETTE
dialog: Will we ever meet again?
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: One more day with him not
dialog: caring...
speaker_heading: MARIUS/COSETTE
dialog: I was born to be with you!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: What a life I might have known...
speaker_heading: MARIUS/COSETTE
dialog: And I swear I will be true!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: But he never saw me there.
scene_heading: 80 INT. CAFÉ MUSAIN GROUND &amp; 1ST FLOOR/EXT. RUE DE LA 80
scene_heading: CHANVRERIE - NIGHT
text: Enjolras and the students have a production line under way
text: for making bullets. The rifles are now stacked and ready
text: for the uprising. Grantaire is downstairs flirting with a
text: BARMAID. MADAME HUCHELOUP the proprietress of the Cafe
text: Musain is sewing a red revolutionary flag to help the
dialog: students.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: One more day before the storm!
dialog: 83.
text: INTERCUT WITH Marius walking back sadly through the Rue de
text: la Chanvrerie. Eponine follows him at a distance.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Do I follow where she goes?
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: At the barricades of freedom!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Shall I join my brothers there?
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: When our ranks begin to form -
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Do I stay and do I dare?
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: (from top of stairs, for
dialog: Grantaire's benefit)
dialog: Will you take your place with me?
text: Grantaire rather reluctantly goes upstairs.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: The time is now!
dialog: The day is here!
dialog: One day more!
scene_heading: 81 INT. PARIS POLICE HQ - NIGHT 81
text: Javert is briefing a hundred uniformed police about the
text: coming day in a grand ornate old room at Police
dialog: Headquarters.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: One day more to revolution.
dialog: We will nip it in the bud.
dialog: We'll be ready for these
text: schoolboys.
dialog: They will wet themselves with
dialog: blood!
scene_heading: 82 INT. CARRIAGE - NIGHT 82
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: One day more!
scene_heading: 83 INT. CAFÉ MUSAIN - GROUND &amp; 1ST FLOOR - NIGHT 83
text: Monsieur and Madame Thenardier are in the ground-floor bar,
text: slyly watching a student smuggling some rifles up the
text: stairs disguised in a piece of cloth.
dialog: 84.
text: Joly takes a tray and collects empty tankards. As he
text: ascends the stairs, Madame Hucheloup tries to get him to
dialog: give the tankards back.
speaker_heading: THENARDIERS
dialog: Watch'em run amuck!
dialog: Catch'em as they fall!
dialog: Never know your luck
dialog: When there's a free-for-all.
dialog: Here a little dip,
dialog: There a little touch -
dialog: Most of them are goners
dialog: So they won't miss much!
text: The drinkers in the bar raise their glasses to the students
text: with their rifles. The students appeal to them. Grantaire
text: is drunk already. Joly starts to melt the tankards in a pot
text: to make more bullets. Marius enters the ground floor and
text: takes the red flag from Madame Hucheloup that she has just
text: finished. The citizens on the ground floor join the
dialog: students.
speaker_heading: STUDENTS/CROWD
dialog: One day to a new beginning!
dialog: Raise the flag of freedom high!
dialog: Every man will be a king!
dialog: Every man will be a king!
dialog: There's a new world for the
dialog: winning!
dialog: There's a new world to be won!
dialog: Do you hear the people sing?
text: Marius enters the first floor to join them at last.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: My place is here!
dialog: I fight with you!
scene_heading: 84 INT/EXT. RUE DE L'HOMME ARMEE/RUE DE LA CHANVRERIE/CAFÉ 84
scene_heading: MUSAIN GROUND &amp; 1ST FLOOR/POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: Valjean and Cosette arrive at their new hideout -
text: Marius ties the red flag onto a flagpole -
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: One day more!
speaker_heading: COSETTE/MARIUS
dialog: I did not live until today
dialog: How can I live when we are
dialog: parted?
text: Eponine outside the café, gazing longingly towards Marius -
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: One more day on my own...
dialog: 85.
text: Javert in the police station to his men -
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: I will join these people's heroes
dialog: I will follow where they go.
dialog: I will learn their little
dialog: secrets,
dialog: I will know the things they know.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN/JAVERT
dialog: One day more!
speaker_heading: MARIUS/COSETTE
dialog: Tomorrow you'll be worlds away
dialog: And yet with you my world has
dialog: started.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: One more day to revolution
dialog: We will nip it in the bud
dialog: We'll be ready for these
dialog: schoolboys -
speaker_heading: THENARDIERS
dialog: Watch'em run amuck
dialog: Catch'em as they fall
dialog: Never know your luck
dialog: When there's a free-for-all!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Tomorrow we'll be far away.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN/JAVERT
dialog: Tomorrow is the judgement day.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Tomorrow we'll discover
dialog: What our God in heaven has in
dialog: store -
dialog: One more dawn!
dialog: One more day!
dialog: One day more!
text: We pull back from Enjolras and Marius holding their flag at
text: the first floor window with the students beyond them to see
text: that citizens have spilled out of the Cafe Musain into the
text: street and have all joined in the final chorus.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. PARIS STREETS - DAY 85
text: All is still. Then comes the soft beating of draped drums.
text: The tramp of feet.
text: All down the streets, waiting, the silent faces of the
text: poor. Among them we see Enjolras, Marius, and the radical
dialog: students.
dialog: 86.
text: Police and national guardsmen control the growing crowds.
text: Now into view come the leaders of a great FUNERAL
text: PROCESSION. An entire battalion of infantry, marching with
text: weapons reversed. A column of black-suited dignitaries
text: carrying branches of laurel. A division of Cavalry rides in
text: front, behind a section of military drummers who drum a
dialog: military tatoo.
text: INTO FRAME comes a team of black horses stepping slowly,
text: black plumes nodding, drawing behind them a gun carriage
text: draped in the tricolour flag. On the carriage stands a
speaker_heading: COFFIN.
text: Softly, in time with the drums, the watching people begin
dialog: to sing.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Do you hear the people sing
dialog: Singing the song of angry men?
dialog: It is the music of a people
dialog: Who will not be slaves again!
text: The police and guardsmen look round to see who is singing
text: so subversively, but they can't be sure where it's coming
text: from. The singing grows stronger.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: When the beating of your heart
text: Echoes the beating of the drums
text: There is a life about to start
dialog: When tomorrow comes!
text: The dignitaries become aware of the singing, and glance
text: uneasily from side to side.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Will you join in our crusade?
dialog: Who will be strong and stand with
dialog: me?
text: Beyond the barricade
dialog: Is there a world you long to see?
text: As the coffin on its carriage draws level with the students,
text: Enjolras suddenly steps out in front of the horses drawing
text: the carriage and waves the red flag, stopping the horses and
dialog: the procession.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
text: Then join in the fight
dialog: That will give you the right
dialog: To be free!
text: The students break the ranks of the crowd and surround the
text: coffin carriage.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: STUDENTS/CROWD
dialog: Do you hear the people sing
dialog: Singing the song of angry men?
dialog: It is the music of a people
dialog: Who will not be slaves again!
dialog: When the beating of your heart
text: Echoes the beating of the drums
text: There is a life about to start
dialog: When tomorrow comes!
text: Enjolras, Marius and Courfeyrac and other students climb
text: onto the top of the carriage as the horses and led by
dialog: Combeferre.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Will you give all you can give
dialog: So that our banner may advance?
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: Some will fall and some will live
dialog: Will you stand up and take your
dialog: chance?
scene_heading: ENJOLRAS/MARIUS/COURFEYRAC
dialog: The blood of the martyrs
dialog: Will water the meadows of France!
text: The crowd supports them and surround the coffin carriage,
text: blocking the attempts of the police to intervene, singing
dialog: with passion.
speaker_heading: STUDENTS/CROWD
dialog: Do you hear the people sing
dialog: Singing the song of angry men?
dialog: It is the music of a people
dialog: Who will not be slaves again!
dialog: When the beating of your heart
text: Echoes the beating of the drums
text: There is a life about to start
dialog: When tomorrow comes!
text: Enjolras, the students, and the impassioned crowd have now
text: become the procession. They turn off the main street away
text: from the expected course of the funeral procession.
text: Gavroche's elephant looms over this side street. Gavroche
text: and his gang jump down from the elephant to join in.
text: As the procession turns off, the calvary division gallop
text: ahead and disappear round a corner.
speaker_heading: STUDENTS/CROWD
dialog: Will you join in our crusade?
dialog: Who will be strong and stand with
dialog: me?
text: Somewhere beyond the barricade
dialog: Is there a world you long to see?
dialog: Do you hear the people sing?
dialog: (more)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: STUDENTS/CROWD (cont'd)
dialog: Say, do you hear the distant
dialog: drums?
dialog: It is the future that we bring
dialog: When tomorrow comes!
text: The students and crowd come face to face with the calvary. On
text: one side, muskets of the infantry poke through the broken
text: down fence surrounding the elephant. Other infantry have
text: taken up position in a cafe opposite, upending tables to
dialog: provide cover.
text: There is a tense, prolonged silence. Then suddenly one
text: nervous SOLDIER lets off a round. It hits a middle aged
text: kindly looking WOMAN CITIZEN in the crowd around the coffin
text: carriage. The crowd is furious. Students charge the soldier,
text: grab his musket and knock him down with the hilt of the gun.
text: More shots ring out. The cavalry charges. The funeral
text: explodes into a riot. The people of Paris turn on the
text: dragoons, the National Guards, the police. More squadrons
text: of dragoons charge into the crowd, sabres unsheathed. Women
text: run screaming in terror.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: To the barricades!
speaker_heading: STUDENTS/CROWD
dialog: To the barricades! To arms! To
dialog: arms!
text: Some students fire weapons into the air, some into the
text: cavalry and at the infantry. Enjolras knocks a calvary
text: officer off his horse and Marius jumps on the horse.
text: The students break away and race off through the cafe into
text: a side street where citizens begin to erect a barricade. A
text: cavalry rider gives chase and is shot by one of the
text: students and falls through the window of an upended
text: carriage. The students, with Marius on horseback, race to
dialog: the slums.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. RUE DE LA CHANVRERIE/INT. CAFE MUSAIN - DAY 86
text: FOLLOW the students as they burst into their home street.
text: They have been joined by a motley collection of citizens
text: including burghers and an old eccentric man FATHER MABEUF
text: who works as hard as anyone. They raid a fencing shop and a
dialog: gun shop for weapons, they force wives to give up their
text: husbands' muskets and chalk up the debt to the revolution
text: on their front doors, they encourage homeowners to
text: contribute furniture sometimes appearing at high windows to
text: help overcome any reluctance. Soon the street is raining
text: tables, chairs, mattresses, sofas. They smash streetlamps.
text: They set to work to build their barricade. Students
text: commandeer an omnibus which is overturned to form the
text: barricade's heart. Three students arrive in the street
text: hauling an uprooted tree.
dialog: 89.
text: They pull up paving stones, rip boards, timbers and front
text: doors from house and shop-fronts, pull down buttresses, and
text: raid the Cafe Musain, systematically stripping it of every
text: item of furniture despite the lamentations and
text: protestations of Madame Hucheloup and her barmaid.
text: As the barricade rises they bring down from the first floor
dialog: of the cafe the rifles and ammunition they've gathered, to
text: prepare to defend their chosen ground. A student stands on
text: a stone post distributing weapons. They line the first and
text: second floor front rooms with paving stones to create
text: protected shooting positions. The inside of the barricade
text: is built neatly with steps up made from paving stones. The
text: outside is a crazy knarled mess.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Here upon these stones
dialog: We will build our barricade.
text: In the heart of the city
dialog: We claim as our own
dialog: Each man to his duty
dialog: And don't be afraid.
text: A man in worker's clothing is helping build the growing
text: barricade,. He wears the insignia of the rebels, and keeps
text: his head down.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Wait!
dialog: I will need a report
dialog: On the strength of the foe.
text: The man who's just arrived looks up. It's Javert.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: I can find out the truth!
dialog: I know their ways,
dialog: Fought their wars,
dialog: Served my time
dialog: In the days
dialog: Of my youth.
text: He slips away through the barricade, which is still rising.
speaker_heading: PROUVAIRE
dialog: See! The people unite!
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: Pray your right
speaker_heading: COMBEFERRE
dialog: Dogs will bark!
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Fleas will bite!
speaker_heading: LESGLES
dialog: They will do what is right.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. BARRICADE - DUSK 87
text: The barricade is now complete: an impressive wall up to
text: twelve feet high, with one heavily guarded section that can
text: be wheeled open to allow access. Two smaller barricades
text: protect the left and right side of the cafe. Enjolras
text: climbs halfway up the main barricade and turns to his
text: little army. Grantaire prises the final piece of Madame
text: Hucheloup's furniture from her arms - her favourite sewing
text: armchair - and adds it to the barricade. As the men sing
text: she steals it back defiantly.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Red, the blood of angry men!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Black, the dark of ages past!
text: Red, a world about to dawn!
text: Black, the night that ends at
dialog: last!
scene_heading: 87A EXT. BARRICADE - NIGHT 87A
text: It is night. The students have been waiting for hours.
text: A single flaming torch atop the barricade caged in by cobbles
text: underlights a fluttering red flag.
text: There is no sign yet of any opposition.
text: A boy climbs down from sentry duty on the barricade. Marius
text: realizes its Eponine. She sits down with her back to him.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Hey, little boy, what's this I see?
dialog: God Eponine the things you do!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: I know this is no place for me,
dialog: Still I would rather be with you!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Get out before the trouble
dialog: starts!
dialog: Get out, `Ponine, you might get
dialog: shot!
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: I've got you worried now, I have!
dialog: That shows you like me quite a
dialog: lot...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Get Out!
text: Joly, sentry on the main barricade, sees a figure approach.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: He's back!
text: Javert, still in his disguise as a rebel, is let back
text: through the guarded `gate' into the barricaded street.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Listen, my friends,
dialog: I have done as I said.
dialog: I have been to their lines,
dialog: I have counted each man.
dialog: I will tell what I can.
dialog: Better be warned
dialog: They have armies to spare
dialog: And our danger is real -
dialog: We will need all our cunning
dialog: To bring them to heel.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Have faith!
dialog: If you know what their movements
dialog: are
dialog: We'll spoil their game.
dialog: There are ways that a people can
dialog: fight -
dialog: We shall overcome their power!
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: I have overheard their plans.
dialog: There will be no attack tonight.
dialog: They intend to starve you out
dialog: Before they start a proper fight -
dialog: Concentrate their force,
dialog: Hit us when it's light -
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Liar!
text: They all look up. There's Gavroche, on the top of the
text: barricade.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Good evening, dear Inspector.
dialog: Lovely evening, my dear!
dialog: I know this man, my friends.
dialog: His name's Inspector Javert!
dialog: So don't believe a word he says
dialog: Cause none of it's true.
dialog: This only goes to show
dialog: What little people can do.
text: Guns swing round to aim at Javert. He stares back in
dialog: defiance.
text: Gavroche comes dancing down the barricade to Courfeyrac's
text: delighted embrace.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: Bravo, little Gavroche!
dialog: You're the top of the class!
text: Gavroche grabs Grantaire's red cap and puts it on his own
text: head, mimicking the students.
speaker_heading: PROUVAIRE
dialog: So what are we going to do
dialog: With this snake in the grass?
text: Enjolras faces Javert.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Tie this man and take him
dialog: To the tavern in there!
dialog: The people will decide your fate,
dialog: Inspector Javert!
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Shoot me now or shoot me later -
dialog: Every schoolboy to his sport!
dialog: Death to each and every traitor!
dialog: I renounce your people's court!
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Take this man. Bring him through.
dialog: There is work we have to do.
text: Javert is led into the cafe. As they pass through the front
text: door only one student is holding Javert. Seizing his
text: opportunity, Javert breaks free and the students have to
text: subdue him by force. Javert is on his knees and is being tied
text: to the staircase.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: When are they coming!?
dialog: Silence.
text: Suddenly, out of the darkness, the students and citizens at
text: the barricade here an ominous distant sound. The sound of
text: marching feet, hundreds of men, marching in unison. First
text: soft, then building louder and louder, closer and closer.
text: Boots on cobbles. The sound comes right into the end of the
dialog: street.
text: Enjolras and all the students man the main barricade.
dialog: Silence.
text: They peer over the barricade. In the pitch blackness, all
text: they can make out is hundreds of gossamer thin slivers. These
text: are bayonets and musket barrels dimly lit by the reflection
text: from the torch.
text: A voice shouts out from the darkness.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: ARMY OFFICER
dialog: Who's there?
text: At the same time we hear the clatter of guns being levelled.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: French Revolution.
speaker_heading: ARMY OFFICER
dialog: Fire!
text: A flash turns all the facades of the street bright crimson as
text: though the door of a furnace has suddenly open and shut.
text: A dreadful explosion bursts over the barricade. The red flag
text: falls, the pole sliced through. Bullets richochet off the
text: cornices of the houses, bore into the barricade and wound
text: several men.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: (as students return fire)
dialog: Comrades, do not fire back! Do not
dialog: waste powder!
text: In the darkness, the clang of ramrods in muskets - the troop
text: reloading weapons.
text: Enjolras picks up the fallen flag and is about to take it up
text: when the old man Father Mabeuf who has seen many
text: insurrections before this takes the flag and runs up onto the
text: top of the barricade.
speaker_heading: ARMY OFFICER
dialog: Who's there? Get down!
speaker_heading: MABEUF
dialog: Vive la France!
speaker_heading: ARMY OFFICER
dialog: Fire!
text: A second volley.
text: Father Mabeuf falls down dead. While everyone is reacting to
text: the dead old man and the wounded, the men are distracted from
text: noticing that some French soldiers have used the cover of
text: darkness to creep down the street.
text: All at once the FIRST FULL ATTACK begins. Shouts and the
text: rattle of gunfire as SOLDIERS throw themselves up and over
text: the barricade. The students run for their guns and return
text: fire. They are taken by surprise. All could be lost in the
text: first instant. Some soldiers make it up to the top of the
text: barricade, where they're driven back by the fierce
text: resistance of the defenders. Eponine sees one soldier
text: aiming his rifle at Marius - she throws herself in front of
text: Marius just as the rifle fires - and Marius is safe.
dialog: 94.
text: They are being overrun. Panic ensues. The gun battle is
text: fierce. Marius in a flash of inspiration realises all is lost
text: unless they do something. He drags a barrel of gunpowder to
text: the top of the barricade, grabs the torch and with a face of
text: deadly resolve he tips the torch towards the barrel.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Clear out or I'll blow up the
dialog: barricade!
text: Everyone freezes.
speaker_heading: ARMY OFFICER
dialog: Blow it up then and take yourself
dialog: with it!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: And myself with it!
text: Marius brings the torch closer to the powder keg.
text: But already the soldiers have cleared out.
text: Marius comes down from the barricade.
speaker_heading: FEUILLY
dialog: (to Marius)
dialog: Thank you!
speaker_heading: LESGLES
dialog: What were you thinking!
text: As everyone surrounds Marius in amazement he spots Eponine
text: lying propped against the barricade.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Eponine! What have you done?
text: He kneels by her side. Eponine is dying.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Here... It's from Cosette...
dialog: I kept it from you...
text: With a struggle she pulls the letter out of her pocket, and
text: pushes it into his hand.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Don't be too hard on me...
text: Marius is shocked to find blood pouring from her wound.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Eponine, you're hurt!
dialog: You need some help!
text: Rain begins to fall.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Don't you fret, M'sieur Marius -
dialog: I don't feel any pain.
dialog: A little fall of rain
dialog: Can hardly hurt me now.
dialog: You're here - that's all I need
dialog: to know
dialog: And you will keep me safe
dialog: And you will keep me close
dialog: And rain will make the flowers
dialog: grow...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: But you will live, Eponine - Dear
dialog: God above!
dialog: If I could close your wounds with
dialog: words of love -
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: Just hold me now, and let it be.
dialog: Shelter me... Comfort me...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You will live a hundred years
dialog: If I could show you how...
dialog: I won't desert you now...
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: The rain can't hurt me now...
dialog: This rain will wash away what's
dialog: past
dialog: And you will keep me safe
dialog: And you will keep me close
dialog: I'll sleep in your embrace at
dialog: last.
text: Marius tries to comfort Eponine in his arms.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Hush-a-bye, dear Eponine
dialog: You won't feel any pain
dialog: A little fall of rain
dialog: Can hardly hurt you now
dialog: I'm here.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: So don't you fret, M'sieur Marius
dialog: I don't feel any pain
dialog: A little fall of rain
dialog: Can hardly hurt me now...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I will stay with you
dialog: Till you are sleeping.
speaker_heading: EPONINE
dialog: That's all I need to know
dialog: And you will keep me safe
dialog: (more)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: EPONINE (cont'd)
dialog: And you will keep me close
dialog: And rain..
dialog: Will make the flowers...
dialog: Grow...
text: Eponine dies in Marius's arms.
text: Marius looks up at the others, his eyes full of tears.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: They were the first to fall.
dialog: The first to fall upon this
text: barricade.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Her name was Eponine!
dialog: Her life was cold and dark, yet
dialog: she was unafraid!
speaker_heading: COMBEFERRE
dialog: We fight here in her name...
speaker_heading: PROUVAIRE
dialog: She will not die in vain...
speaker_heading: LESGLES
dialog: She will not be betrayed...
text: They pick up Eponine's body and carry her into the tavern.
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: (to Gavroche)
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: That was my sister.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. BARRICADE - NIGHT 88
text: Marius reads the letter Eponine has given him. He takes out
text: pencil and paper and writes a note. Looking round, he sees
dialog: Gavroche.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Gavroche! Do you know the Rue de
dialog: l'Homme Armé?
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Course I do!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Will you take this for me?
text: He holds out his note.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 89 INT. INN, RUE DE L'HOMME ARMEE, PARIS - NIGHT 89
text: The LANDLADY climbs the stairs, followed by Gavroche. The
text: landlady indicates the door, and Gavroche knocks boldly.
text: The door opens a crack to reveal a cautious Valjean.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Letter for Cosette.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I'll take it.
text: Gavroche holds out the letter with one hand, not quite
text: giving it, the other hand open for a tip.
text: Valjean gives him a coin, which he pockets as he hands over
dialog: the letter.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Something for you, something for
dialog: me. Who needs charity?
scene_heading: 90 INT. VALJEAN'S ROOM, LODGING HOUSE - NIGHT 90
text: ON VALJEAN - As he reads the note.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: `Dearest Cosette, you have
dialog: entered my soul
dialog: And soon you will be gone.
dialog: Can it be only a day since we met
dialog: And the world was reborn?
dialog: If I should fall in the battle to
dialog: come
dialog: Let this be my goodbye.
dialog: Now that I know you love me as
dialog: well
dialog: It is harder to die.
dialog: I pray that God will bring me
dialog: home
dialog: To be with you.
dialog: Pray for your Marius.
dialog: He prays for you.'
text: He looks up, deeply distressed. He can't bear the thought
dialog: of losing Cosette.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: They haven't got a chance, these
dialog: boys
dialog: They almost certainly will die
dialog: She'll be alone
dialog: And she will need me all the more
dialog: And we will go on as before
text: When he is gone
dialog: I dare not think like this
dialog: I must find this boy
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. PARIS STREETS - NIGHT 91
text: Valjean walks the streets, not caring where he goes,
text: struggling with his tormented thoughts. He sees a barricade
text: being dismantled. And bodies.
text: Suddenly he knows what he's going to do. He sees a dead
text: soldier. He takes his jacket and swiftly pulls it on.
text: He continues on his way in the dark.
text: Looking up he sees that he's been walking all the time
text: towards the very barricade where Marius waits.
text: Now looking like a soldier, he passes unchallenged through
text: their lines, and into the shadows.
text: As he passes, he notices two soldiers climbing up onto the
text: rooftops.
scene_heading: 92 EXT. BARRICADE - NIGHT 92
text: Glimpses through the barricade of a lone figure approaching
text: from the far end of the narrow street.
text: The figure comes into lamp light. It's Valjean, in the
text: soldier's jacket. The student sentries level their guns.
text: Gavroche jumps up.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Don't shoot!
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: Here comes a man in uniform!
dialog: What brings you to this place?
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I come here as a volunteer.
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: Approach and show your face!
speaker_heading: PROUVAIRE
dialog: You wear an army uniform.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: That's why they let me through.
text: The student sentries open the slot in the barricade to let
text: Valjean enter.
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: You've got some years behind you,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: There's much that I can do.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: You see that prisoner over there?
text: He points to Javert, in a dark corner, his hands tied.
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: A volunteer like you!
speaker_heading: COMBEFERRE
dialog: A spy who calls himself Javert!
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: He's going to get it too!
text: Javert looks up and meets Valjean's eyes. A steady shared
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Don't shoot! I know him! He's no
dialog: soldier!
text: Suddenly Valjean spots a couple of snipers creeping over the
text: roofs to gain an angle of attack on them. They are aiming at
text: Enjolras. Swiftly Valjean grabs a gun and shoots up at them
text: sending them scattering. Quickly other students join in and
text: the snipers are driven back.
text: There is a burst of gunfire from both ends of the street as a
text: brief fire fight ensues.
text: The snipers have disappeared.
text: Enjolras turns to Valjean.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: For your presence of mind,
dialog: For the deed you have done,
dialog: I will thank you, M'sieur,
dialog: When our battle is won.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Thank you, M'sieur.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Give me no thanks, M'sieur.
dialog: There's something you can do.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: If it is in my power.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Give me the spy Javert!
dialog: Let me take care of him.
text: Javert hears this with grim satisfaction.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: The law is inside out.
text: The world is upside down.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Do what you have to do -
dialog: The man belongs to you.
text: He turns to his little army.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: The enemy may be regrouping!
dialog: Hold yourselves in readiness!
dialog: Come, my friends, back to your
dialog: positions!
text: The dawn is breaking fast.
text: Valjean takes Javert out the back of the Cafe Musain. He
text: carries a knife.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: We meet again...
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: You've hungered for this all your
dialog: life.
dialog: Take your revenge.
dialog: How right you should kill with a
dialog: knife.
text: Valjean uses the knife to cut Javert free.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: You talk too much.
dialog: Your life is safe in my hands.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Don't understand...
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Get out of here.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Valjean, take care!
dialog: I'm warning you.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Clear out of here!
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Once a thief, forever a thief.
dialog: What you want, you always steal.
dialog: You would trade your life for
dialog: mine.
dialog: Yes, Valjean, you want a deal!
dialog: Shoot me now for all I care -
dialog: If you let me go, beware!
dialog: You'll still answer to Javert!
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: You are wrong, and always have
dialog: been wrong.
dialog: I'm a man no worse than any man.
dialog: You are free, and there are no
dialog: conditions -
dialog: No bargains or petitions.
dialog: There's nothing that I blame you
dialog: for.
dialog: You've done your duty, nothing
dialog: more.
dialog: No doubt our paths will cross
dialog: again.
text: He raises his gun and points it at Javert.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Go!
text: As Javert goes, he raises the gun barrel and fires a single
text: shot into the air.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Courfeyrac, you take the watch -
dialog: They may attack before it's
text: light.
dialog: Everybody keep the faith,
dialog: For certain as our banner flies,
dialog: We are not alone -
dialog: The people too must rise!
text: Marius is manically working to raise the height of one of the
text: smaller barricades.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Marius, rest.
text: Grantaire drunkenly starts singing a drinking song and it is
text: taken up more seriously by Feuilly. Bottles are passed round.
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: Drink with me to days gone by!
speaker_heading: FEUILLY
dialog: Sing with me the songs we knew!
speaker_heading: PROUVAIRE
dialog: Here's to pretty girls
dialog: Who went to our heads!
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: Here's to witty girls
dialog: Who went to our beds!
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: Here's to them -
dialog: (Marius sings to
dialog: Valjean)
dialog: And here's to you!
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: Drink with me to days gone by!
dialog: Can it be you fear to die?
dialog: Will the world remember you when
dialog: you fall?
dialog: Can it be your death
dialog: Means nothing at all?
dialog: Is your life just one more lie?
text: Grantaire glares at Enjolras and enters the cafe.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Drink with me
dialog: To days gone by!
dialog: To the life
dialog: That used to be!
dialog: At the shrine of friendship
dialog: Never say die...
dialog: Let the wine of friendship
dialog: Never run dry!
dialog: Here's to you
dialog: And here's to me!
text: Valjean is moving through the cafe when he hears Marius
text: through a window. He moves to the window. Marius sits beneath
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Do I care if I should die
dialog: Now she goes across the sea?
dialog: Life without Cosette
dialog: Means nothing at all..
dialog: Please don't weep, Cosette,
dialog: Should Marius fall.
dialog: Will you weep, Cosette,
dialog: For me?
text: Valjean listens to Marius's song, and he's moved.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. BARRICADE/ INT. CAFE MUSAIN - NIGHT 93
text: Look-outs keep watch at either end of the barricaded
text: street. Many of the rest of the rebels are sleeping.
text: Valjean paces, unable to sleep, inside the cafe. Dead
text: bodies are lined up on the ground floor. He comes to a
text: stop, and gazes on Marius as he sleeps through the window.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: God on high
dialog: Hear my prayer
dialog: (more)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN (cont'd)
dialog: In my need
dialog: You have always been there.
dialog: He is young
dialog: He's afraid
dialog: Let him rest
dialog: Heaven blessed.
dialog: Bring him home
dialog: Bring him home
dialog: Bring him home!
dialog: He's like the son I might have
dialog: known
dialog: If God had granted me a son.
dialog: The summers die
dialog: One by one
dialog: How soon they fly
dialog: On and on
dialog: And I am old
dialog: And will be gone.
dialog: Bring him peace
dialog: Bring him joy
dialog: He is young
text: He is only a boy.
dialog: You can take
dialog: You can give
dialog: Let him be
dialog: Let him live,
dialog: If I die, let me die
dialog: Let him live
dialog: Bring him home
dialog: Bring him home
dialog: Bring him home!
text: Valjean is now kneeling next to the sleeping Marius.
text: CRANE UP AND UP - Seeing the little world of the barricaded
text: street now surrounded by waiting soldiers - and the streets
text: round them packed with soldiers in their thousands, so many
dialog: that we know the little band can never win.
text: CRANE UP AND UP until the barricade and the army that
text: entraps it has become a small pool of darkness in the
text: centre of the bright lights of Paris.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. PARIS - DAWN 94
text: The sun still below the rooftops. Every house is tightly
text: shuttered.
scene_heading: 95 INT. CAFE MUSAIN - DAWN 95
text: Grantaire is fast asleep in the upstairs room, dead drunk.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. BARRICADE - DAWN 96
text: Enjolras re-enters the barricade through the secret gate.
text: He has been on a reconnaissance. He looks at the street. No
text: one is stirring, but for a single shutter which opens a
text: crack - a face peeps - and it closes again. Below him the
text: students are up and getting ready.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: The people have not stirred.
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: Yet we will not abandon those
dialog: Who still live in fear.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: The people have not heard,
dialog: Yet we will not abandon those who
dialog: cannot hear.
dialog: Let us not waste lives!
dialog: Let all who wish to
dialog: Go from here!
text: There is silence. Uncertainty. Yet no one moves to go.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: (from top of barricade)
dialog: Do you hear the people sing
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE/COURFEYRAC
text: Singing the song of angry men
speaker_heading: STUDENTS/CITIZENS
dialog: (joining)
dialog: It is the music of the people
dialog: Who will not be slaves again
dialog: When the beating of your heart
text: Echoes the beating of the drums
text: There is a life about to start
dialog: When tomorrow comes!
dialog: Under this:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FEUILLY
dialog: Enjolras! Ammunition's short.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I will go into the streets.
text: There are bodies all around.
dialog: Ammunition to be had.
dialog: Lots of bullets to be found.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: I can't let you go.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Let me go!
dialog: He's no more than a boy.
dialog: I am old.
dialog: I have nothing to fear.
text: Gavroche is already climbing the barricade under cover of
dialog: the smoke.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: I volunteer!
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: Come back, Gavroche! Don't you
dialog: dare!
speaker_heading: JOLY
dialog: Someone pull him down right now!
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Look at me, I'm almost there!
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: Little people know
dialog: When little people fight
dialog: We may look easy pickings
dialog: But we've got some bite!
dialog: So never kick a dog
dialog: When he's just a pup -
dialog: We'll fight like twenty armies
dialog: And we won't give up!
text: The rays of the rising sun break through, lighting up
dialog: Gavroche.
speaker_heading: GAVROCHE
dialog: So you'd better run for cover
dialog: When the pup grows -
text: Crack! A musket shot. Gavroche falls face down onto the
text: barricade.
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: No-o!
text: He runs up the barricade, seizes Gavroche's body in his
text: arms, convulsed with grief, and brings it back through the
text: gate in the barricade.
text: At the other end of the street Javert has appeared. He sees
text: this gate. And talks to the Army Officer.
text: As the smoke from the muskets clears horses are revealed
text: drawing field artillery into position. The Army Officer is
text: lining up the big guns carefully.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: ARMY OFFICER
dialog: You at the barricades listen to
dialog: this!
dialog: The people of Paris sleep in
dialog: their beds!
dialog: You have no chance,
dialog: No chance at all!
dialog: Why throw your lives away?
text: Enjolras gazes on his pitifully small group.
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Let us die facing our foes!
dialog: Make them bleed while we can!
speaker_heading: COMBEFERRE
dialog: Make'em pay through the nose!
speaker_heading: COURFEYRAC
dialog: Make'em pay for every man!
speaker_heading: ENJOLRAS
dialog: Let others rise to take our place
dialog: Until the earth is free!
text: The sun now appears above the rooftops of the city.
text: And the big guns fire - BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
text: The bombardment hits the barricade, rocking it. In its wake
text: a massive barrage of musket fire.
text: The big gun has been lined up with the gate and has burst
text: right through in the first hit.
text: Bullets fly, and every few moments another cannon ball
text: smashes into the piled debris. Javert is glimpsed among the
dialog: attackers.
text: Enjolras and the students throw themselves onto the
text: barricades, firing at the attackers, handing their rifles
text: down to others to be re-loaded, firing again.
text: Valjean moves among them, tending to the wounded, lifting
text: down the dead, regardless of his own safety.
text: Marius takes a bullet, and crumples and falls. Valjean runs
dialog: towards him -
text: CRASH! The latest cannonade bursts a hole in the barricade
text: and now the soldiers are storming through. The hard core of
text: student fighters retreat, firing as they go, into the Café
dialog: Musain.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 97 INT. CAFÉ MUSAIN - DAY 97
text: Students and soldiers fight in the café, on the stairs, up
text: the stairs to the upper room. Students driving back the
text: pursuing soldiers hack away at the staircase, smashing it
text: to fragments - the soldiers below fire up at them -
text: students fall, their bodies caught on the jagged remnants
text: of the stairs. Grantaire is still unconscious from drink.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. BARRICADE - DAY 98
text: Valjean has Marius in his arms and is hiding him from the
dialog: onrush of the soldiers -
scene_heading: 99 INT. CAFÉ MUSAIN - DAY 99
text: The students' ammunition has run out, they're hurling
text: sticks and bottles - but the soldiers have found a way to
text: clamber up, shooting as they come, and one by one the
text: students are falling.
scene_heading: 100 EXT. STREET OUTSIDE CAFÉ MUSAIN - DAY 100
text: Valjean carries Marius away from the carnage. A soldier
text: challenges him. One violent blow from Valjean sends the
dialog: soldier flying -
scene_heading: 101 INT. CAFÉ MUSAIN - DAY 101
text: The soldiers break through at last to the upper room, to find
text: there's only Enjolras still alive. He stands by the window,
text: knowing he will die now, proud and unafraid. Seeing him the
text: soldiers hesitate. The sudden silence wakes Grantaire from
text: his drunken slumber.
speaker_heading: GRANTAIRE
dialog: Long live the republic!
text: He sees Enjolras with the muskets raised against him.
text: Grantaire goes and joins him. Enjolras smiles, and raises his
text: now-ragged red flag.
text: The rifles blaze. Grantaire drops back to the ground.
dialog: Enjolras falls back -
scene_heading: 102 EXT. BARRICADE - DAY 102
text: Enjolras falling backwards out of the window, until he
text: hangs upside down, the red flag still in his hands,
text: streaming like blood down the wall.
dialog: 108.
text: PULL BACK to see the street littered with corpses, and the
text: remains of the barricade, and soldiers scouring the rubble
dialog: for any last pockets of resistance.
text: BACK AND BACK to come to a stop looking at the wide scene.
text: INTO FRAME walks Javert, grimly surveying the victory of
dialog: law over rebellion.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. BACK ALLEY - DAY 103
text: Valjean carries Marius down a long narrow alley that runs
text: between the backs of tall houses. The alley turns a corner -
text: and there ahead is a dead end. Behind him, the stamp of
text: soldiers' boots. Ahead, no way out.
text: Then his searching gaze falls on an iron grating in the
text: ground. A storm drain.
text: ON THE SOLDIERS - As they come round the corner into the
text: end of the alley. They look round. It's empty.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Nothing here!
text: The soldiers depart. A moment of silence.
text: Then into the alley's end steps Javert. Not so easily
text: fooled. He walks all the way to the end, and looks round.
text: He sees the drain at his feet. He sees the signs that the
text: grating has been lifted.
text: He stoops, and tries to lift it. It's far too heavy for
dialog: him.
text: He straightens up and looks round, calculating. Where does
dialog: the drain lead?
scene_heading: 104 INT. PARIS SEWERS - DAY 104
text: Valjean is pulling Marius after him down a tight sloping
text: pipe, where dark water races. Suddenly they start to slide,
text: then drop through a vent into a wide sewage tunnel. Faint
text: light reflecting off the slime of curving tunnel walls. The
text: skitter of rats. Sodden forms floating by: dead bodies.
text: Valjean carries Marius down the tunnel, moving as fast as
text: he can, losing strength all the time. He reaches an
text: intersection where four sewers meet. Light falls through
text: distant gratings. One of the four sewers is dry. Here he
text: lets his burden down, and himself sinks to the slimy ground
text: to rest. He lets his eyes close.
text: A voice echoes in the shadows.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Here's a hint of gold
text: Stuck into a tooth -
dialog: Pardon me, m'sieur,
dialog: You won't be needing it no more.
dialog: Shouldn't be too hard to sell.
text: A figure coming closer. A sewer thief, robbing corpses. No
text: sign of life in either Valjean or Marius.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Well, someone's got to clean'em
dialog: up, my friends,
dialog: Before the little harvest
text: Disappears into the mud.
dialog: Someone's got to collect their
dialog: odds and ends
text: When the gutters run with blood.
text: Now we see the thief is Thenardier. He finds a ring on
text: Marius's finger and pulls it off.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Here's a tasty ring
dialog: Pretty little thing
dialog: Heart's no longer going
dialog: And he's lived his little time,
text: But his watch is ticking yet.
dialog: It's a world where the dog eats
dialog: the dog.
dialog: Where they kill for the bones in
dialog: the street.
dialog: And God in his heaven,
dialog: He don't interfere
dialog: Cos he's dead as the stiff at my
dialog: feet!
text: I raise my eyes to see the
dialog: heavens
text: And only the moon looks down.
dialog: The harvest moon shines down!
text: Valjean wakes, rears up, seizes Thenardier by the arm,
text: slams him against the sewer wall.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: How do I get out of here?
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: There! That way!
text: Valjean drops him, picks Marius up once more, and sets off.
text: Thenardier stares after them, grinning. He's sent then the
dialog: wrong way.
text: LATER - Valjean in the sewers, Marius on his back, and
text: they're sinking ever deeper into the slimy water.
dialog: 110.
text: As he feels himself sink, Valjean holds Marius up in his
text: arms and forges on, chest deep, lifting the younger man
text: above his head. Still he sinks, until his face is half-
text: submerged and he's gagging in the filth. He stumbles, and
text: suddenly he's sunk beneath the surface, and Marius is
dialog: dropping -
text: Then up he bursts again, face black with slime, eyes
text: burning with his refusal to be beaten.
text: LATER - Valjean staggers down the endless sewers, Marius on
text: his back. But all the time he can hear, closer now, the
text: rushing sound of the river.
text: Round a bend and at last - moonlight ahead.
text: He drags himself on through the shallow running water
text: towards the moonlight.
text: He reaches the exit at last. Before him the river.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. RIVER EMBANKMENT, PARIS - NIGHT 105
text: Valjean, crusted with slime, heaves Marius out of the sewer
text: onto the embankment that runs beside the river.
text: He looks up. There, staring at him, is Javert.
text: Valjean rises slowly. Heaves Marius up onto his back once
text: more. The strain of the night is showing. He's a man near
text: the end of his strength.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: It's you, Javert!
dialog: I knew you wouldn't wait too
dialog: long.
text: The faithful servant at his post
dialog: once more.
dialog: This man's done no wrong.
dialog: And he needs his family's care.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: I warned you I would not give in!
dialog: I won't be swayed!
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Another hour yet
dialog: And then I'm yours
dialog: And all our debts are paid.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
text: The man of mercy comes again
dialog: And talks of justice!
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Come, time is running short -
dialog: Look down, Javert!
dialog: He's standing in his grave!
text: He starts to move past Javert.
text: Javert draws his pistol and holds it to Valjean's head.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: One more step and you die.
text: Valjean meets his eyes. That old battle of will against
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Then I die.
text: He starts walking past Javert. Javert's hand trembles as it
text: holds the pistol.
text: Valjean keeps walking. Javert wills himself to shoot, but
text: he just can't do it. Frustrated, enraged with himself, he
text: lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Take him, Valjean,
dialog: Before I change my mind!
dialog: I will be waiting...
dialog: 24601!
text: He turns away, trembling now all up and down his body. He
text: stares into the river. Valjean is gone now. He's alone.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Who is this man?
dialog: What sort of devil is he?
dialog: To have caught me in a trap
dialog: And choose to let me go free?
dialog: It was his hour at last
dialog: To put a seal on my fate
dialog: Wipe out the past
dialog: And wash me clean off the slate!
dialog: All it would take
text: Was a flick of his knife
dialog: Vengeance was his
dialog: And he gave me back my life!
text: He begins to move away along the embankment, up steps,
text: towards a bridge. He's unaware of everything except the
text: turmoil in his brain.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: Damned if I live in the debt of a
dialog: thief!
dialog: Damned if I yield at the end of
dialog: the chase!
dialog: (more)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: JAVERT (cont'd)
dialog: I am the law and the law is not
dialog: mocked!
dialog: I'll spit his pity right back in
dialog: his face!
dialog: There is nothing on earth that we
dialog: share!
dialog: It is either Valjean or Javert!
dialog: How can I allow this man
dialog: To hold dominion over me?
dialog: This desperate man that I have
dialog: hunted...
dialog: He gave me my life! He gave me
dialog: freedom!
dialog: I should have perished by his
dialog: hand
dialog: It was his right...
dialog: It was my right to die as well...
dialog: Instead I live... But live in
dialog: hell!
text: He moves up from the embankment onto the bridge. Here he
text: stands, looking down at the dark water of the night river.
text: The Seine forms a whirlpool here, where violent currents
text: swirl round the piles of the bridge.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: And my thoughts fly apart
dialog: Can this man be believed?
dialog: Shall his sins be forgiven?
dialog: Shall his crimes be reprieved?
dialog: And must I now begin to doubt
dialog: Who never doubted all those
dialog: years?
dialog: My heart is stone and still it
dialog: trembles...
dialog: The world I have known is lost in
dialog: shadow
dialog: Is he from heaven or from hell?
dialog: And does he know
dialog: That granting me my life today
dialog: This man has killed me even so?
text: He climbs up onto the parapet, reaching his arms up to the
text: night sky.
speaker_heading: JAVERT
dialog: I am reaching but I fall
dialog: And the stars are black and cold
text: As I stare into the void
dialog: Of a world that cannot hold...
dialog: I'll escape now from that world
dialog: From the world of Jean Valjean
dialog: This is nowhere I can turn...
dialog: There is no way to go on...
dialog: 113.
text: He reaches higher, turning his body, twisting, as if he
dialog: wants some angel from on high to save him - and so,
text: turning, he falls into the river. The swirling eddies close
text: over him. And he's lost.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. STREET OUTSIDE CAFÉ MUSAIN - DAY 106
text: Soldiers are dismantling the last of the barricade. Women
text: move about the street, seeking their dead loved ones among
text: the bodies that still litter the barricade. These are both
text: the middle-class mothers of the students - Enjolras's
text: mother, Grantaire's sister - and the working women of the
text: slums for whom they died, united now in their grief.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
dialog: Did you see them
dialog: Going off to fight?
speaker_heading: WOMAN 2
text: Children of the barricade
dialog: Who didn't last the night.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 3
dialog: Did you see them
dialog: Lying where they died?
dialog: Someone used to cradle them
dialog: And kiss them when they cried.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 4
dialog: Did you see them lying side by
dialog: side?
speaker_heading: WOMAN 5
dialog: Who will wake them?
speaker_heading: WOMAN 6
dialog: No one ever will.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 2
dialog: No one ever told them that
dialog: A summer day can kill.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 7
dialog: They were schoolboys
dialog: Never held a gun
dialog: Fighting for a new world that
dialog: Would rise up like the sun.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 3
dialog: Where's that new world
dialog: Now the fighting's done?
text: The women move off to go about their day's business.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: 107 INT. MARIUS'S FAMILY HOUSE, PARIS - DAY 107
text: CLOSE ON MARIUS - He's waking from the nightmare, finding
text: himself in a fine bed, with clean linen. He looks round: a
dialog: handsome room.
speaker_heading: GILLENORMAND
dialog: Marius! You've come back to us!
text: Marius recognises the old man anxiously watching him: his
text: grandfather, Monsieur GILLENORMAND.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Grandfather...
text: He struggles to rise, but he lacks the strength. His
text: grandfather's face shows only love and concern.
speaker_heading: GILLENORMAND
dialog: Rest, Marius. No more harsh words
dialog: between us. I just thank God
dialog: you're alive.
text: Timidly the old man comes closer to the bed. Tears form in
text: Marius's eyes. Encouraged, the old man takes Marius's hand
dialog: in his.
speaker_heading: GILLENORMAND
dialog: You've come home. To all of us.
text: The distant voices of the mourning women -
speaker_heading: WOMEN (O.S.)
dialog: Round and round
dialog: And back where you began...
scene_heading: 108 INT. CAFÉ MUSAIN - DAY 108
text: Marius makes his way slowly up the stairs to the upper
text: room. He's still weak from his wounds. He enters the room
text: where his friends died, and looks round. He sinks into a
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: There's a grief that can't be
dialog: spoken
text: There's a pain goes on and on
text: Empty chairs at empty tables
dialog: Now my friends are dead and gone.
text: He sees the bloodstain on the wall beneath the window sill.
text: The blood of Enjolras.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Here they talked of revolution
dialog: Here it was they lit the flame
dialog: Here they sang about tomorrow
dialog: (more)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: MARIUS (cont'd)
dialog: And tomorrow never came...
text: From the table in the corner
dialog: They could see a world reborn
text: And they rose with voices ringing
dialog: And I can hear them now!
dialog: The very words that they had sung
dialog: Became their last communion
text: On the lonely barricade at dawn.
text: He looks out of the window at what's left of the barricade.
text: He seems to see again the brave doomed defence, the smoke
text: and the gunfire, the young men falling.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Oh my friends, my friends,
dialog: forgive me
dialog: That I live and you are gone
dialog: There's a grief that can't be
dialog: spoken
text: There's a pain goes on and on...
text: Phantom faces at the window
text: Phantom shadows on the floor
text: Empty chairs at empty tables
dialog: Where my friends will meet no
dialog: more.
dialog: Oh my friends, my friends, don't
dialog: ask me
dialog: What your sacrifice was for
text: Empty chairs at empty tables
dialog: Where my friends will sing no
dialog: more.
text: Slowly he rises from the chair and turns to the doorway.
text: There stands Cosette, waiting for him.
scene_heading: 109 INT. MARIUS'S FAMILY HOUSE, PARIS - DAY 109
text: Cosette holds Marius, supporting him, as he enters the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Every day
dialog: You walk with stronger step,
dialog: You walk with longer step.
text: The worst is over.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Every day
dialog: I wonder every day
dialog: Who it was brought me here
text: From the barricade.
text: Cosette leads him into the room where Valjean and
dialog: Gillenormand wait.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Don't think about it, Marius!
dialog: With all the years ahead of us!
dialog: I will never go away
dialog: And we will be together
dialog: Every day.
dialog: Every day
dialog: We'll remember that night
dialog: And the vow that we made.
text: As Valjean and Gillenormand look on, Marius and Cosette
text: sing their love to each other.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: A heart full of love
dialog: A night full of you
dialog: The words are old
dialog: But always true.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: She was never mine to keep
text: She is youthful, she is free...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Cosette, Cosette!
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: I saw you waiting and I knew -
speaker_heading: GILLENORMAND
dialog: Thank God, thank God you are here!
dialog: Thank God, thank God you are home!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Waiting for you!
dialog: At your feet!
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: At your call!
scene_heading: VALJEAN/GILLENORMAND
dialog: Love is the garden of the young
dialog: Let it be
dialog: Let it be!
dialog: A heart full of love
dialog: This I give you this day.
speaker_heading: MARIUS/COSETTE
dialog: And it wasn't a dream
dialog: Not a dream after all.
scene_heading: 110 INT. PARLOUR, MARIUS'S FAMILY HOUSE - DAY 110
text: Marius stands before Valjean, alone in this more private
dialog: room.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: M'sieur, this is a day
dialog: I never can forget.
dialog: Is gratitude enough
dialog: For giving me Cosette?
dialog: Your home shall be with us
dialog: And not a day shall pass
dialog: But we will prove our love
dialog: To you, whom we shall call
dialog: A father to us both,
dialog: A father to us all.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Not another word, my son.
dialog: There's something now that must
dialog: be done...
text: He's prepared himself to make this confession, but it's
text: still hard.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: There lived a man whose name was
dialog: Jean Valjean.
dialog: He stole some bread to save his
dialog: sister's son
dialog: For nineteen winters served his
dialog: time
dialog: In sweat he washed away his
dialog: crime.
text: Marius hears this with shock.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Years ago,
dialog: He broke parole and lived a life
dialog: apart...
dialog: How could he tell Cosette and
dialog: break her heart?
dialog: It's for Cosette this must be
dialog: faced:
dialog: If he is caught, she is
dialog: disgraced...
dialog: The time has come to journey on,
dialog: And from this day he must be
dialog: gone!
dialog: Who am I?
dialog: Who am I?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You're Jean Valjean!
text: Marius can't conceal that he's disturbed by this
dialog: revelation.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Monsieur, you cannot leave!
dialog: Whatever I tell my beloved
dialog: Cosette
dialog: She will never believe me.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Make her believe
dialog: I have gone on a journey
text: A long way away.
dialog: Tell her my heart was too full
dialog: for farewells -
dialog: It is better this way.
dialog: Promise me, Monsieur, Cosette
dialog: will never know...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I give my word.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: ...What I have spoken, why I must
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: For the sake of Cosette, it must
dialog: be so.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. MARIUS'S FAMILY HOUSE, PARIS - DAY 111
text: A waiting cab. Valjean comes out of the modest lodging
text: house and gets in. The cab rattles away down the street.
text: IN THE CAB - Valjean sits gazing far away at nothing. Then
text: his weary eyes close.
scene_heading: 112 INT. MARIUS'S FAMILY HOUSE, PARIS - DAY 112
text: Cosette gazes at Marius, bewildered by what she has just
dialog: learned.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Where's he gone without a word
dialog: That wouldn't be his way to go
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: All he asked for me to say
text: He's on a journey, far away.
dialog: Dear Cosette, he loves you so
dialog: Perhaps he will return some day.
text: Cosette comes into Marius's arms, tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: He can't leave us now
dialog: What's our wedding day
dialog: Without him giving me away?
scene_heading: "LES MISERABLES" BLUE REVISIONS 20.5.2012 119.
scene_heading: 112A EXT. MARIUS'S FAMILY HOUSE, PARIS - DAY 112A
text: Marius and Cosette, newly married, are walking towards
text: Marius' house through an aisle created by wedding guests.
text: Carriages line the street.
speaker_heading: WEDDING GUESTS
dialog: Ring out the bells
dialog: Upon this day of days!
dialog: May all the angels
dialog: Of the Lord above
dialog: In jubilation
dialog: Sing their songs of praise!
dialog: And crown this blessed time
dialog: With peace and love!
speaker_heading: 113 SCENE OMITTED 113
scene_heading: 114 INT. MARIUS'S FAMILY HOUSE, PARIS - DAY 114
text: Waltz music plays as Marius and Cosette lead the dancing at
dialog: the wedding reception.
text: As the dance proceeds, two extraordinary figures enter, and
text: start helping themselves to the drink and the food. They
text: are Thenardier and his wife, dressed up for high society.
speaker_heading: MAJORDOMO
dialog: The Baron and Baroness du Thenard
text: They look round as the dance continues, highly satisfied with
dialog: themselves and see Marius.
text: Thenardier makes a mock-formal bow.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: I forget where we met...
dialog: Was it not at the Chateau Lafarge
dialog: Where the Duke did that Puke
dialog: Down the Duchess's decolletage?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: No, `Baron du Thenard',
dialog: The circles I move in are humbler
dialog: by far...
dialog: Go away, Thenardier!
dialog: Do you think I don't know who you
dialog: are?
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: He's not fooled!
dialog: Told you so!
dialog: Show M'Sieur what you've come here
dialog: to show.
dialog: Tell the boy what you know!
scene_heading: "LES MISERABLES" BLUE REVISIONS 20.5.2012 119A.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Pity to disturb you at a feast
dialog: like this
dialog: But 500 francs surely wouldn't
dialog: come amiss.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: In God's name say what you have
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: (to Thenardier)
text: He speaks.
dialog: (to Marius)
dialog: You pay!
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: What I saw, clear as light,
text: Jean Valjean in the sewers that
dialog: night,
dialog: Had this corpse on his back
text: Some boy he'd killed in a viscious
dialog: attack.
dialog: I was there, never fear!
dialog: Even found me this fine souvenir!
text: He shows off his ring. Marius stares in astonishment.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I know this! This was mine!
dialog: This is surely some heavenly sign!
text: Thenardier steals the ring back.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: And there's more! Mark this well -
dialog: It was the night that the
text: barricades fell.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Then it's true! Then I'm right!
dialog: Jean Valjean was my saviour that
dialog: night!
text: Thenardier looks past Marius to where Cosette stands among
text: their friends. He lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Jean Valjean - the old con.
dialog: You pay up and I'll say where he's
dialog: gone.
text: He takes out money and reluctantly presses it into
text: Thenardier's hands. Madame Thenardier takes the money before
text: Thenardier has safely pocketed it.
scene_heading: "LES MISERABLES" BLUE REVISIONS 20.5.2012 120.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Not so loud! Here's for you.
dialog: God forgive us the things that we
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: How's about some extra
dialog: On a day so glad
dialog: Our little orphan girl
dialog: She hasn't done so bad.
text: Raised in a convent
dialog: Cash to spare -
dialog: We want our share.
text: Marius hands over yet more money to Madame Thenardier.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Quite the little nun, ain't she!
text: CRACK! Thenardier sinks to the ground, felled by a powerful
text: blow from an angered Marius. The band stops playing.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: (cowardly voice)
dialog: The convent.
text: Marius rushes to Cosette and we see him telling her where
text: Valjean is. They hurry away.
text: Thenardier clambers to his feet, helped by his wife. He
text: gestures to the band to continue. They stand by the tiered
text: wedding cake. As Thenardier recovers his composure, Madame
text: Thenardier steals one then two pillars from the cake so it
text: collapses on the floor. She then pushes it under the table
text: with her foot.
scene_heading: "LES MISERABLES" BLUE REVISIONS 20.5.2012 121.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Ain't it a laugh?
dialog: Ain't it a treat?
dialog: Hob-nobbin' here
dialog: Among the elite?
dialog: Here comes a prince
dialog: There goes a Jew
dialog: This one's a queer
dialog: But what can you do?
dialog: (pulling Madame Thenardier
dialog: onto the dance floor)
dialog: Paris at my feet!
dialog: Paris in the dust!
dialog: And here's me breaking bread
dialog: With the upper crust -
text: As he pivots Madame Thenardier, stolen silver drops out from
text: Madame Thenardier's dress. The music stops dead in the
text: clatter. The Thenardiers look up, as if implying that the
text: silver dropped from the ceiling. The dance continues.
dialog: Monsieur Gillenormand motions to the Majordomo to remove
dialog: these unwanted guests.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Beggar at the feast!
dialog: Master of the dance!
dialog: Life is easy pickings
dialog: If you grab your chance!
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Everywhere you go
dialog: Law-abiding folk
dialog: Doing what is decent
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: But they're mostly broke!
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Singing to the Lord on Sundays
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Praying for the gifts he'll send -
scene_heading: THENARDIER/MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: But we're the ones who take it -
dialog: We're the ones who make it in the
dialog: end!
text: The Thenardiers are carried off, singing as they go.
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Watch the buggers dance
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Watch'em till they drop!
scene_heading: "LES MISERABLES" BLUE REVISIONS 20.5.2012 121A.
scene_heading: THENARDIER/MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Keep your wits about you
dialog: And you stand on top!
speaker_heading: THENARDIER
dialog: Masters of the land
speaker_heading: MADAME THENARDIER
dialog: Always get our share
scene_heading: THENARDIER/MADAME THENARDIER
text: Clear away the barricades
dialog: And we're still there!
dialog: We know where the wind is blowing
dialog: Money is the stuff we smell -
dialog: And when we're rich as Croesus,
dialog: Jesus! Won't we see you all in
dialog: hell!
text: As they are thrown out, the Thenardiers steal a tiara and a
dialog: candlestick.
scene_heading: "LES MISERABLES" BLUE REVISIONS 20.5.2012 122.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 115 EXT. CONVENT, PARIS - NIGHT 115
text: IN ON A WINDOW - Where two candle burn.
scene_heading: 116 INT. CONVENT CHAPEL, PARIS - NIGHT 116
text: Valjean prays in the chapel, on his knees. He's very weak.
text: Next to the crucifix on the altar are Valjean's two silver
text: candlesticks, in which two candles burn.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Alone I wait in the shadows
dialog: I count the hours till I can
dialog: sleep.
dialog: I dreamed a dream Cosette stood
dialog: by
dialog: It made her weep
dialog: To know I die...
text: Alone at the end of the day
dialog: Upon this wedding night I pray
dialog: Take these children, my Lord, to
dialog: thy embrace
dialog: And show them grace...
dialog: God on high
dialog: Hear my prayer
dialog: Take me now
dialog: To thy care
dialog: Where you are
dialog: Let me be
dialog: Take me now
dialog: Take me there
dialog: Bring me home
dialog: Bring me home!
text: VALJEAN is joined by the ghost of Fantine. She takes his hand
text: as he prays.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: M'sieur I bless your name...
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I am ready, Fantine...
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: M'sieur lay down your burden...
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: At the end of my days...
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: You raised my child in love,
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: She's the best of my life...
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: And you will be with God.
scene_heading: 116A EXT. CONVENT CLOISTERS - NIGHT 116A
text: Cosette and Marius rush round the cloisters and enter the
text: chapel in the middle of the cloisters.
scene_heading: 116B INT. CONVENT CHAPEL - NIGHT 116B
text: The sound of the door opening. Valjean looks round. It's
text: Cosette entering, followed by Marius.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Cosette?
text: Tears form in his eyes. Cosette goes to him, kneels before
text: him, takes him in her arms.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: Papa, papa, I do not understand -
dialog: Are you all right? Why did you go
dialog: away?
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Cosette, my child! Am I forgiven
dialog: now?
dialog: Thank God, thank God, I've lived
dialog: to see this day!
text: Marius comes to him.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: It's you who must forgive a
dialog: thoughtless fool!
dialog: It's you who must forgive a
dialog: thankless man!
dialog: It's thanks to you that I am
dialog: living,
dialog: And again I lay down my life at
dialog: your feet.
dialog: Cosette, your father is a saint!
dialog: When they wounded me
dialog: He took me from the barricade,
dialog: Carried like a babe,
dialog: And brought me home to you!
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Now you are here
dialog: Again beside me
dialog: Now I can die in peace
dialog: For now my life is blessed...
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: You will live, papa
dialog: You're going to live
dialog: It's too soon
text: Too soon to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Yes, Cosette, forbid me now to
dialog: die!
dialog: I'll obey
dialog: I will try...
text: He holds out a letter for her.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: On this page
dialog: I write my last confession.
dialog: Read it well
dialog: When I at last am sleeping.
dialog: It's the story
dialog: Of one who turned from hating
dialog: A man who only learned to love
dialog: When you were in his keeping.
text: Cosette takes the letter and kisses it.
speaker_heading: COSETTE
dialog: I know it, papa.
text: Valjean turns back, face shining, towards the table where
text: the candles burn in the silver candlesticks. There he sees
text: three ghosts waiting for him. The ghost of the Bishop. The
text: ghost of Fantine. And beyond her, watching Marius with
dialog: love, the ghost of Eponine.
text: Fantine comes towards him, reaching out her hands.
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: I'm ready now, Fantine.
speaker_heading: FANTINE
dialog: Come with me
dialog: Where chains will never bind you
dialog: All your grief
dialog: At last, at last behind you
dialog: Lord in heaven
dialog: Look down on him in mercy -
speaker_heading: VALJEAN
dialog: Forgive me all my trespasses
dialog: And take me to your glory!
dialog: 125.
text: Cosette embraces Valjean, weeping.
text: Valjean reaches up his hands, and lets the ghost of Fantine
dialog: take them.
speaker_heading: FANTINE/EPONINE
dialog: Take my hand
dialog: I'll lead you to salvation
dialog: Take my love
dialog: For love is everlasting...
scene_heading: VALJEAN/FANTINE/EPONINE/BISHOP
dialog: And remember
dialog: The truth that once was spoken:
dialog: To love another person
dialog: Is to see the face of God...
text: Led by Fantine, Valjean walks out of the Chapel towards the
text: cloister.
text: What remains is Cosette, her head cradled in the lap of the
text: man who has just died.
text: The walls of the cloisters are covered in votive candles.
text: The Bishop of Digne waits in front of the candles. Now
text: Valjean's strong and young again. Before they reach the
text: wall of candles, all three are gone.
text: As they disappear we CRANE UP, high over the cloister, high
text: over the walls of the Convent and we see the Paris streets
text: outside. Fires are burning and debris is scattered in the
text: streets. Dawn is breaking.
text: From far away, the sound of an approaching crowd -
scene_heading: 117 EXT. PLACE DE LA BASTILLE - DAY 117
text: THE CAMERA MOVES over the cobbles as the light of the
text: rising sun reveals the devastation left by a bitter street
text: battle. Past the remains of a barricade.
text: The distant sound of an approaching march.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTION:
dialog: Sixteen years later
dialog: Paris, 1848.
text: From far off, the swelling sounds of the approaching march
text: become the words of a song.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Do you hear the people sing
dialog: Lost in the valley of the night?
dialog: It is the music of a people
dialog: Who are climbing to the light
dialog: For the wretched of the earth
dialog: (more)
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS (cont'd)
text: There is a flame that never dies
dialog: Even the darkest night will end
dialog: And the sun will rise.
text: As THE CAMERA RISES we see we're in the Place de la
text: Bastille. The triumphal column has long been completed, but
text: the great elephant is sadly dilapidated and has become
text: incorporated into an immense barricade - three stories
text: high, seven hundred feet long. Down all the streets that
text: converge on the square we now see the multiple victory
text: marches approaching. They cheer and beat drums as they
text: climb up to the top of the barricade.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTIONS:
dialog: The people of Paris have risen in
dialog: their tens of thousands.
text: The King has fled. A new Republic
dialog: is born.
text: There in the forefront of one column march Marius and
dialog: Cosette.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: They will live again in freedom
text: In the garden of the Lord
dialog: They will walk behind the plough-
dialog: share
dialog: They will put away the sword
dialog: The chain will be broken
dialog: And all men will have their
dialog: reward!
text: As the marchers come nearer we begin to realise how many
dialog: there are: thousand upon thousand. And there marching among
dialog: them we see ghosts from the past - Enjolras and the
dialog: students who died - and Fantine - and Eponine -
text: And out of the crumbling elephant peers another ghost: the
text: grinning face of Gavroche. He climbs out to dance on the
text: elephant, as the crowd fill the square.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Will you join in our crusade?
dialog: Who will be strong and stand with
dialog: me?
text: Somewhere beyond the barricade
dialog: Is there a world you long to see?
text: As the marchers converge, there watching them are
text: Thenardier and his wife. Thenardier gives the marchers a
text: wave of greeting. Survivors to the last.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Do you hear the people sing?
dialog: Say, do you hear the distant
dialog: drums?
dialog: (more)
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS (cont'd)
dialog: It is the future that they bring
dialog: When tomorrow comes!
text: Now among the marchers we see the ghost of Valjean, singing
text: with the rest atop the barricade, amongst the waving red
dialog: flags.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Will you join in our crusade?
dialog: Who will be strong and stand with
dialog: me?
text: Somewhere beyond the barricade
dialog: Is there a world you long to see?
dialog: Do you hear the people sing?
dialog: Say, do you hear the distant
dialog: drums?
dialog: It is the future that they bring
dialog: When tomorrow comes...
dialog: Tomorrow comes!
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
dialog: 
