scene_heading: LICENSE TO DRIVE
speaker_heading: WRITTEN BY
speaker_heading: NEIL TOLKIN
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THIRD DRAFT
speaker_heading: EPTEMBER 21, 1987
dialog: "LICENSE TO DRIVE"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCIAL SUBURBAN STREET - COLD FOGGY MORNING
text: No cars. Swirls of newspapers blow across the street.
text: Suddenly, a YELLOW SCHOOL BUS BECOMES VISIBLE, rising over a
text: hill. As it gets nearer, we feel the ROAR of the engine.
text: The bus is a monster. As it rumbles by us we SEE "SUNNY
text: MEADOWS HIGH SCHOOL" inscribed on the side.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SCHOOL BUS
text: Grimy. Run down. School Bus Hell. Oppressed grey-faced
text: HIGH SCHOOLERS sit round-shouldered, looking out into nowhere
dialog: land.
text: WE DOLLY SLOWLY ALONG the floor TO REVEAL all the students'
text: ankles SHACKLED and CHAINED to their seats. The faint rhythm
text: of a FILE RUBBING AGAINST STEEL becomes louder and louder
text: until the CAMERA STOPS ON a student's hands. Seconds away
text: from filing through the lock on his shackle... FREEDOM.
text: The CAMERA TILTS UP TO REVEAL LES ANDERSON, sixteen, maybe
text: seventeen. He's the only kid on the bus with a spark of life
text: left in him.
text: As the bus stops at a RED LIGHT, something catches Les' eye.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - THROUGH A GREASY WINDOW - A RED BLUR
text: He wipes the window, revealing a RED FERRARI 308 GIB parked
text: beside the bus, outside a CORNER GROCERY STORE. The T-ROOF
text: is off, and all we CAN SEE are the LONGEST, MOST BEAUTIFUL
text: LEGS lounging in the passenger seat. A GUY walks away from
text: the car into the store.
speaker_heading: LES
text: lecks to the back of the bus, to the REAR DOOR, clearly
text: marked "FOR EMERGENCY USE ONLY." He teeters on the edge of
text: his seat, about to make a move. He looks to the front of the
dialog: bus, at the:
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
text: A maniac: mid-40s, lousy toupee. He's been watching Les in
text: his rearview mirror the entire time. They stare at each
text: other, eye to eye. Les holds his ground. The driver thrusts
text: the bus in gear and begins to pull away... away from the
dialog: Ferrari.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Les explodes from his seat, charging for the "emergency
text: door." The kids come to life, watching and screaming with
text: excitement. Les kicks at the door.
text: A RED WARNING LIGHT on the Driver's dash flashes. An ALARM
text: sounds. The Driver looks back, angrily. Then pushes a
dialog: button.
text: A STEEL BOLT slams across the door. Les slams through the 7
text: back window -- diving out of the bus onto the street. Les
text: bounces out of a COMMANDO ROLL and runs up the street to the
dialog: Ferrari.
text: The bus does a spectacular BOOTLEGGER'S turn. It's coming
dialog: back.
text: LES LOOKS INTO THE FERRARI
text: Keys dangle from the ignition. In the passenger seat is the
text: LEGGIEST BLONDE GIRL you've ever seen. The approaching bus
text: builds speed. Les jumps into the car.
text: She smiles, seductively. He smiles back. They're in love.
text: The bus screams towards them. Les turns the ignition, pops
text: the clutch, then squeals into a right turn slicing onto a:
scene_heading: QUIET TREE-LINED SUBURBAN STREET
text: The bus roars after them, barely making the turn, balancing
text: on two wheels.
text: LES RACES DOWN THE STREET
text: Looks at his speedometer: 70... 75... 80... 85. Maple trees
text: whip by like he's in a rocket ship. AWESOME! He looks up at
text: his rearview mirror. It's all yellow. Miraculously, the bus
text: is right on his tail. Suddenly:
text: A LITTLE BOY DELIVERING PAPERS
text: Hops the curb and bicycles across the street. Les, about to
text: hit him, yanks the wheel left, practically tearing it off its
text: column. The bus bombs by, slicing the front tire off the
text: bike. The LITTLE BOY is left there on his seat, spinning
text: around acrobatically on his back tire.
speaker_heading: THE FERRARI
text: still trying to lose the bus, streaks down a street, then
text: screeches into:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: NARROW BACK ALLEY
text: So narrow they spell it with one "1". The bus slams in,
text: rocking and rebounding off the alley's walls. Dragging power
text: cords and live wires, sparks shoot out from the bus' sides.
text: Les jams on his brakes, cuts and slides right onto a:
scene_heading: WIDE COMMERCIAL STREET
text: Les guns it! A laser beam. With one hand he downshifts to
text: accelerate, with the other, he starts to light the girl's
text: cigarette... She pulls his hand closer to her, looking into
text: his eyes.
text: But WAIT! Up ahead, by a GAS STATION, there's a HUGE PUDDLE
text: OF WATER. But it's not water. It's GAS! A tank pumps gas
text: into a tanker fuel truck. GAS spews from a ruptured hose.
text: Suddenly, we hear a BORING MONOTONE voice.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Remember. Be prepared and look
text: ahead. The driver must see the BIG
dialog: PICTURE...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY
text: A dark classroom. The sound of a projector. Flickering
text: light. An instructional film is being shown to a class of
text: DRIVER'S ED STUDENTS. The CAMERA MOVES THROUGH the room and
text: stops in back where we FIND Les Anderson, head on his desk,
text: fast asleep, resting on his DRIVER'S ED BOOKS.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: «+eIn heavier rain, your tires may
text: begin to 'hydroplane,' ride on the
text: water, rather than the pavement.
dialog: Don't panic! And especially don't
dialog: jam on the brakes. Ease your foot
text: off the gas pedal.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI - DAY
text: High speed. There's no avoiding the puddle. Les EASES HIS
text: FOOT off the gas pedal. The Ferrari remains steady as a 15-
text: foot spray of gas erupts on either side of the car. He
text: finishes lighting the girl's cigarette, then casually tosses
text: the match out the window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BUS
text: The driver shifts gears with reckless abandon, charging for
text: the puddle. Suddenly, the puddle ignites. There's a HUGE
text: EXPLOSION. The bus driver JAMMMMS on his brakes. Headed
dialog: straight for it.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE FERRARI
text: Les and the girl hear the explosion and turn around
text: simultaneously. There's no bus, just a huge WALL OF FLAME.
text: They smile at each other. They've made it... Les leans over
text: to kiss her, but suddenly she's not smiling. Her mouth is
text: open in shock. There's terror in her eyes. We hear the ROAR
text: OF AN ENGINE. Les looks back at the road.
text: THE BUS IS HEADED STRAIGHT FOR THEM
text: about to smash into them. WE HEAR a LOUD HORN which becomes
text: a SCHOOL BELL.
scene_heading: INSERT - SCHOOL BELL
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - CLOSE ON LES - DAY
text: He wakes up, startled. He has sleep marks on one side of his
text: face. He looks around, embarrassed. The bell stops.
text: Standing in front of him is the DRIVER'S ED TEACHER, MR.
text: GASKET, the bus driver from the dream. The class is getting
text: up from their desks, leaving. He motions for Les not to
dialog: move.
text: Leaving the class, A VERY CUTE GIRL turns to Les' twin
text: sister, NATALIE -- she's conservative, bookish.
speaker_heading: CUTE GIRL
dialog: (low voice)
dialog: Does your brother have mono or
dialog: something? He slept through the
dialog: entire course.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No, he's just brain dead.
text: The class empties. Mr. Gasket stands ominously above Les.
speaker_heading: MR. GASKET
dialog: (dead serious)
dialog: Mr. Anderson.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MR. GASKET (cont'd)
dialog: It's punks like you the paramedics
text: end up scraping off the roads at
text: four in the morning.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For your own sake and the safety of
dialog: others, I hope you fail your
dialog: driver's exam.
text: Les gets up to leave. Gasket signals to stay, then throws
text: him a piece of chalk. Les rolls his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNNY MEADOWS HIGH - DAY (BEGIN CREDITS)
text: Kids load into YELLOW SCHOOL BUSES and fancy cars.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY
text: LINES. Blackboards full of "I WILL DRIVE SAFELY. I WILL
text: DRIVE SAFELY..." Les finishes his last one and flies out of
dialog: class.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNNY MEADOWS HIGH - DAY
text: Buses and cars begin to pull away.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY
text: Deserted. Sprinting. Les slides to his locker and quickly
text: unlocks it. An avalanche of books and junk fall onto the
text: floor. He stuffs it back in.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNNY MEADOWS HIGH - DAY
text: A few kids here and there. Les bombs out of school, jamming
text: papers into his knapsack. He runs down the street after the
text: last departing school bus. He can't catch it. Natalie,
text: inside the bus, smiles at him. He stands in the middle of
text: the road, pissed. We hear a car racing towards him from
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: IT'S A RED FERRARI
text: The one from the dream. T-roof off. Music blares. MERCEDES
text: LANE, the leggy blonde girl from the dream, sits in the
text: passenger seat. PAOLO, her GQ Latin American boyfriend,
dialog: drives. They're in their own perfect world.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Les jumps out of the way as it screams by him. He watches
text: the Ferrari drive off.
text: We hear a bicycle tire SKIDDING along the pavement. He turns
dialog: to see:
text: A "nut case" on a ten speed stop his thirty foot skid a hair
text: away from Les' sneaker. This is DEAN, Les' best friend. He
text: has charm and mischief with a capital M written all over his
dialog: face.
text: They both look back at the Ferrari.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You know, Dean, I can't help
dialog: wondering whether it'll ever get
dialog: that good for me.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Anderson, the only difference
dialog: between you and that greaseball, is
dialog: that he has a license and you
dialog: don't. In two days we open a whole
dialog: new chapter.
text: (motioning to his handle
dialog: bars)
dialog: Get in. I'll drive you home.
text: Les looks at Dean's BEAT TO SHIT death trap bike.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Unh, unh. Too much is at stake.
dialog: They'll never let me take my
dialog: driver's exam in traction.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Les, your license is as important
dialog: to me as it is to you. I'll take
dialog: it easy. I promise.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN MIDDLE CLASS NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: White knuckles. Les hangs on as a sadistic Dean speeds along
text: the sidewalk. About to collide with a JOGGER, Dean cuts
dialog: onto:
speaker_heading: THE STREET
text: zigzagging in and out of TRAFFIC. A HONK here, a honk there.
text: Dean JOLTS the bike back up on the SIDEWALK.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Les tries to absorb the shock. Dean laughs, pedals faster.
text: He whips Les through:
scene_heading: LOW HANGING BRANCHES
text: They flap against Les' face. Dean's having a riot. Les
text: wants to start one. The torturous branches give way to:
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - A FEROCIOUS DOG CHAINED ON A PORCH
text: Dean has the bike headed straight for it. Its mouth
text: salivates. As Dean swerves Les by it, the dog runs and pulls
text: his chain taut, swinging out against an imaginary wall.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDERSON HOUSE - DEAN TURNS INTO THE DRIVEWAY
text: making sure to run Les through a SPRINKLER. This is Les'
text: house; large and colonial, its landscaping perfectly groomed.
text: Ahead of them, in front of the garage, there's an Audi 5000
text: Turbo. It's surrounded by mounds of dusty boxes and garage
text: junk. Dean slaloms through it.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDERSON HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - A 1972 CADILLAC SEDAN
speaker_heading: DEVILLE
text: sits parked at an angle, barely squeezing in. Sky blue.
text: Gleaming chrome. It's in mint condition. Dean and Les ride
text: in. Dean jams on the brakes. Les slides painfully off the
text: handlebars. He gives Dean a dirty look. END OF CREDITS.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Just a painful reminder of what
dialog: you're leaving behind.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Whose Caddie?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: My grandfather's. Can you believe
dialog: it's sixteen years old? It only
text: has twenty thousand miles on it.
text: Dean gets off his bike and lets it crash to the ground.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (examining it)
dialog: It's intense. What's it doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: He's afraid to take it on long
dialog: trips so he borrowed my dad's car
dialog: for a week.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (opening the door)
dialog: I gotta tell you, Les, this boat
dialog: would kick-ass up at Archie’s. Do
dialog: you think we can get it for
dialog: Saturday night?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (o.s8.)
dialog: Not a chance in hell, Dean.
text: They turn. It's Les' DAD -- good-looking, early forties, he
text: wears grimy work clothes. He walks into the garage, removes
text: Dean's hand from the door, and buffs the chrome.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You have a better chance of winning
dialog: the Nobel Prize for physics than
dialog: you do of getting in this car.
text: Les looks at Dean as if to say "Does that answer your
dialog: question?"
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Hi Dad.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (to the boys)
dialog: How ‘bout a hand helping me move
dialog: this junk?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (picking up his bike)
dialog: I'd really love to, Mr. Anderson,
dialog: (a fake cough)
dialog: but I'm sort of allergic to dust
text: and cardboard boxes.
text: He coughs again. Dad doesn't even bother. Dean gets on his
dialog: bike.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (driving off)
dialog: See you tonight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dad? Do you think you could tell
dialog: me for sure if I can use Mom's car
dialog: Saturday night?
speaker_heading: DAD
text: (shoving a dusty box at
dialog: him)
dialog: Do me a favor, will ya, Les? Just
dialog: pass your driver's exam. And then
dialog: we'll talk.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN DINING AREA - NIGHT
text: Dad, Les, Natalie and Rudy sit at the table. Rudy is the
dialog: cute, ten year old brother you can only find in the movies.
text: As they munch away at their dinner, one by one they look up
dialog: in awe...
scene_heading: THEIR P.O.V. - MOM
text: Looking more like nine years pregnant, rather than nine
text: months, she carries the most humongous plate of mashed
text: potatoes, spotted with mini-pickles, chocolate chips and
text: potato chips. Instead of putting it in the center of the
text: table, she plops it down in front of her table setting.
text: With the family still looking on disgustedly, she picks up
text: the ketchup bottle, and starts squirting it out on her food
speaker_heading: (HAPPY FACE)...
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: For your information, this is
dialog: exactly what I ate when I was
dialog: pregnant with all of you.
text: She downs her first bite. It scares them back to their
dialog: meals.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Unh, unh.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Did you get a chance to look at
dialog: those brochures?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (pulling a crumpled
text: brochure from his back
dialog: pocket)
dialog: Sure did.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Well? What do you think?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (flipping through it)
dialog: A twenty-three thousand dollar BMW
dialog: for a sixteen year old kid who's
dialog: never had a job in his life? I
dialog: think it's a great idea.
text: Les is humiliated.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les, you only completed your
dialog: driver's ed course two hours ago.
dialog: You don't even have a license yet.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: But Dad, it wouldn't be just for
dialog: me. It would be for Natalie too.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Don't include me in your obsession.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Excuse me, Miss Mature. Is there
dialog: anything wrong with being American?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: A BMW at sixteen? It's more like
dialog: spoiled. Karl says...
text: Everyone stops what they're doing ala E. F. Hutton.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Can you people please be serious
dialog: for once in your life?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Karl says that in America the
dialog: people are misled to believe that a
dialog: car represents freedom and
dialog: individuality, when, in essence, it
dialog: is more oppressive than anything
dialog: else, burdening the individual with
dialog: materialistic costs, such as
dialog: insurance, gas and repairs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Who cares what your Commie
dialog: boyfriend thinks? I think we'd all
dialog: prefer to be burdened with the cost
dialog: of an automobile, than with bread
dialog: lines and two year waiting lists
dialog: for a washing machine.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: I agree.
text: Mother starts to boil.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You two are so simple, it's
dialog: frightening.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Why are you even getting your
dialog: license?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: (upset and getting up from
dialog: the table)
dialog: I'm not hungry.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Natalie, if you prefer to eat
dialog: standing up, that's fine with me.
text: But nobody leaves the table until
dialog: we finish eating.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: This is the most oppressive
dialog: environment a child could be
dialog: subjected to.
text: Natalie sits down. We hear a loud HONK-HONK! Les stands up.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (wiping his mouth)
dialog: That's for me.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: You heard me Les. Whoever it is
dialog: will have to wait a few minutes.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (still standing)
dialog: But, Maaa.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Les? Do you want to use my car
dialog: Saturday night?
text: Les sits down like he's playing musical chairs! The family
text: eats in silence. We hear another HONK, and then a couple of
text: quick HONKS, and then a HONNNKKK... The family tries to
text: ignore it, but it's more than annoying. It starts again:
scene_heading: EXT. ANDERSON HOUSE - INSIDE A RUSTED TWO-DOOR 48 DATSUN B-
speaker_heading: 210 - NIGHT
text: Hanging over, from the back to the front seat, leaning on the
text: horn is Dean. Dean's MOM and his LITTLE SISTER ride in
dialog: front. They're used to this behavior.
text: BACK IN THE DINING ROOM
text: The obnoxious HONKING continues. Everyone except Les has
text: stopped eating. Cheery, he munches away as if nothing is
text: going on. Mom and Dad boil. Dad has had it.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les, if you're not out of this
dialog: house in five seconds, there's a
dialog: good chance you'll never drive
text: anything but a golf ball.
text: A victorious Les calmly excuses himself from the table.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - NIGHT
text: Now this is a party. Loud music. Sixteen-year-old kids all
text: over the place. ALL THE GORGEOUS GIRLS AND GUYS huddle
text: around expensive SLICK DRIVING MACHINES, and competing car
dialog: stereos. If you happen to be a male without a car, you may
dialog: as well be at home with a Playboy.
text: The Datsun makes its way down the street.
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S MOTHER'S DATSUN - NIGHT
text: An uncomfortable backseat, filled with junk. Les and Dean
text: sit squished together, practically eating their knees. The
text: front seat is pushed all the way back. Dean's little
text: munchkin sister sits comfortably in the passenger seat.
text: They approach the party. Dean's mom slows down. Embarrassed,
dialog: Dean and Les duck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN'S MOM
dialog: Is there something wrong with the
dialog: car, Dean?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: It's not the car, Ma. It's you,
dialog: you're driving. Just drop us off
text: around the corner.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CAR - AROUND THE CORNER - NIGHT
text: As Dean and Les pull themselves out of the car, a GLOSSY
text: BLACK GTO, with a confederate flag attached to its antenna,
text: slows down across the street. Inside the GTO are THREE of
text: the scariest and rowdiest looking HIGH SCHOOL DROPOUTS you've
text: ever seen. They're laughing at the boys being dropped off by
dialog: mom.
speaker_heading: THE DRIVER
dialog: Hey boys, does Mommy drive you to
dialog: the little boys' room, also?
text: Les and Dean are crushed. As the derelicts drive away
text: laughing, we hear their crazy horn. The Funeral March...
text: "DUM, DUM, DaDUM... DUM, DaDUM, DaDUM, DaDUM."
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (to his mother)
dialog: Sorry, I didn't introduce you, Ma.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: See you at twelve?
speaker_heading: DEAN'S MOM
dialog: I'll be right here at eleven.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I'll call.
speaker_heading: DEAN'S MOM
dialog: It's a school night, Dean. If
dialog: you're not standing here between
dialog: eleven and eleven o' two, I'm
dialog: changing the locks.
text: The Datsun drives off. Composed, they strut around the
text: corner. Ahead of them, in front of the estate and all the
text: kids, a HONDA pulls up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHARLES
text: jumps out and WAVES GOOD-BYE TO HIS MOTHER. Older looking,
text: but by no means better looking than Les and Dean, he wears
text: glasses and isn't ashamed of being dropped off by his mother.
text: He waves to Dean and Les. They turn into the party, ignoring
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - NIGHT
text: Les, Dean, and Charles sip fruit punch. They sit alone on
text: the front steps gawking at the hoards of cute girls
text: surrounding the guys and their cars. Impressive, but
text: sickening.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I know exactly what you're
dialog: thinking, Les. I'm thinking the
dialog: same thing. I'm not sure about
dialog: Charles.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why am I so alone here? I'm good
dialog: looking, I've got a great sense of
dialog: humor, and yet there's not one
dialog: single female within twenty yards
dialog: of me? Can you find one of them
dialog: who isn't within arms reach of a
dialog: car?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: They've even monopolized the
dialog: fifteen year olds.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You guys are pathetic. Life does
text: exist outside a V-Eight.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Not in this country, it doesn't.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: And do you know what the beauty of
dialog: it all is? The beauty of it all,
dialog: Les, is that Saturday afternoon,
text: less than forty-eight hours away,
dialog: the people at the DMV are going to
dialog: be handing you your license... our
text: Les' eyes glitter. He's in a trance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You can say good-bye to the
dialog: humiliation of public
dialog: transportation, and not being able
dialog: to date someone who isn't
text: conveniently close to a bus stop.
dialog: You're going to be free, Les. One
dialog: of them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And on Saturday night, when we pull
dialog: into Archie's Atomic in your mom's
dialog: Audi 5000 TURBO, all this is going
dialog: to be at our fingertips. In fact,
dialog: Archie's makes this place look like
dialog: Sesame Street.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: To you Archie's makes the Playboy
text: Channel look like Sesame Street.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Archie's is the joint. I swear it.
dialog: My brother used to go there every
dialog: weekend. He says the ratio of
dialog: girls to guys is five to one. And
dialog: we're not talkin' dogs, we're
dialog: talkin' bunnies. The place is a
dialog: paradise.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm telling you, Les. The secret
dialog: to your happiness, and ultimately
dialog: our happiness, as long as we live
dialog: in this country, is a driver's
dialog: license.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You can't possibly believe that
dialog: bullshit, can you?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (leoking around at all the
dialog: cars, girls and
dialog: happiness)
text: Charles. Seeing is believing.
dialog: You gotta believe him.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Soft lighting. Kids sitting, standing, talking, necking.
text: Les, Dean, and Charles slump by the punch bowl observing the
dialog: decadence.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Do you ever wonder what kind of car
dialog: would be most appropriate for some
dialog: of these wenches to lose their
dialog: virginity in?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You never cease to amaze me, Deano.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Seriously. Look at Cheryl
dialog: Lieberman.
scene_heading: THE BOYS' P.O.V. - CHERYL LIEBERMAN
text: A sixteen-year-old JAP. They laugh.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: A Camaro.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Cheryl Lieberman? A Trans Am.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Beth Maclaine.
speaker_heading: BETH MACLAINE
text: Pristine. Conservative Anglo Saxon.
speaker_heading: LES
text: A Volvo. Maybe a station wagon.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Bonnie Dupa.
scene_heading: THE BOYS' P.O.V. - BONNIE DUPA
text: We CAN ONLY SEE her face as someone is sitting in front of
text: her. She's sleaze to the max.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (o.8.)
text: A van.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Nah, a Harley.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (o.8.; reverent tone)
dialog: Mercedes.
speaker_heading: DEAN AND CHARLES
dialog: (0.8.3; shocked)
dialog: A Mercedes?
speaker_heading: THE BOYS
text: They turn to Les only to see him gaping, mouth open. Dean
text: and Charles look up and become entranced, as well.
scene_heading: THE BOYS' P.O.V. - A VISION - MERCEDES LANE
text: Standing, framed, in the doorway, backlit, the light shining
text: through her dress, exposing the silhouette of her long legs.
text: At seventeen she looks twenty. She's an untouchable.
speaker_heading: THE BOYS
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (still reverent)
dialog: Mercedes Lane.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What more can be said?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I've bumped into her a million
dialog: times, and she's never once bumped
dialog: into me.
text: Mercedes heads for them, arguing with her older looking
text: boyfriend, PAOLO. He looks very out of place.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You don't own me, I can do whatever
dialog: I like. Women have rights in this
dialog: country. Not like Chile or
dialog: Argentina, where they worship their
dialog: men.
text: They barge through the boys as if they were a string of
text: beads. Les "quivers" beside Mercedes as she pours herself
dialog: some punch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: It has nothing to do with worship,
dialog: it has to do with going to parties
dialog: with... with kids.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I happen to go to school with these
dialog: kids. I have friends here.
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: Friends? These children can do
dialog: nothing for you.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Can we just stop this discussion?
dialog: There are some things you and I
dialog: will never agree on.
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Mercedes. I'm beginning to
dialog: perspire. You know I hate to
dialog: perspire.
dialog: (turning to go)
dialog: Are you coming?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I think I can find my own way home,
dialog: thank you.
text: He walks away.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: And Paolo? If you're wondering
dialog: about Saturday night, I just
dialog: remembered...
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: Don't do this to me, Mercedes.
dialog: You'll regret it.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I've made other plans. I already
dialog: have a date.
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: With who?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: With him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Mercedes turns to a shocked Les.
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: Him?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (to Les)
dialog: Didn't we make arrangements?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: I... I believe so. But, nothing
dialog: was final.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Well now they're final.
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: You'll pay for this, Mercedes.
text: Paolo storms away. Les watches, afraid to speak. Mercedes
text: downs her punch. She fills her glass again, and downs it.
text: Les who? WE PUSH IN ON Les. He's in a daze.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNNY MEADOWS HIGH SCHOOL - DAY
text: Kids pile out of class.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL BUS - DAY
text: Dean and Charles get on the bus. Les stands on the curb.
text: The bus starts its engine. Fancy cars pull away.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I cannot believe you, Les. You're
dialog: blowing the greatest night of your
dialog: life for a girl who probably
dialog: doesn't even know you have a pulse.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dean, believe it!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (betrayed)
dialog: That's pathetic. After all these
dialog: years we finally get a chance to go
dialog: to Archie's, and now you're telling
dialog: me it's off?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: If Mercedes pulls through, you bet.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Why don't you just ask her, to make
dialog: sure?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I'd love to Charles, but I can't
dialog: talk to something I can't see.
dialog: Last night was the closest any of
dialog: us have ever been to her.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Well you're in luck, loverboy,
dialog: ‘cause she's sittin' down right
dialog: behind you.
text: Dean backs away. The bus doors slam closed in Les' face. He
dialog: turns around:
text: Mercedes sits on a bench about twenty-five feet away, reading
text: an ELLE magazine, sipping some apple juice.
text: Les turns back to the bus. It's pulling away.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (leaning out)
dialog: Go on, ask her. If you're lucky,
dialog: she'll bite.
text: Les turns back to Mercedes.
text: She's more beautiful than ever. He walks towards her. Her
text: blonde hair flutters in the wind. He stands beside her.
text: Some apple juice dribbles off her bottom lip. She tongues
text: her lips dry. It's the sexiest thing he's ever seen. He
dialog: can't even talk.
text: She glances up. Not recognizing him, she goes back to her
text: Magazine. We hear a LOUD HONK! HONK! !!!! It scares
dialog: Mercedes.
text: Les turns, shocked to see his father in the Cadillac, pulling
text: up in front of them. He HONKS again. It's the loudest horn
text: in the world. Les, embarrassed, ignores his father.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (rolling down the window)
dialog: Les?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The height of embarrassment. Les coolly walks by Mercedes.
text: Then, instead of getting into the car, he walks in front of
text: it, across the street. Dad rolls down the window, HONKING
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les. It's me, your father.
text: Cringe. He tries to get out of her sight. Mercedes doesn't
text: even notice. Dad follows beside him, like the secret
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: What's going on, here, Les? Don't
dialog: you recognize me?
text: Still no answer. He turns the corner. So does Dad.
text: Finally, out of her sight, Les gets in.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CADILLAC - DAY
text: A WHITE INTERIOR, impeccably clean. The immensity of the car
text: dwarfs Les. We SEE BAGS OF PAMPERS in the back seat.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Is there something wrong with
dialog: having a father, these days?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dad, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I ran some errands for your mom,
dialog: and I thought I'd come by and take
dialog: you driving. I figured if you could
dialog: handle this cruiser you could
dialog: handle anything.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: But what about Grandpa?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Don't worry about Grandpa. Who
dialog: knows what he's doing with my car?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Okay.
text: Dad slides over. Les climbs into the driver's seat, moving
text: it way up close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He checks his mirrors then takes a deep breath. He puts his
text: flicker on, then pulls out, very slowly... cautiously.
text: Immediately, the car screeches to a halt fifteen feet before
text: a stop sign.
text: Dad rubs his neck.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Sorry. The brakes are a little
dialog: sensitive.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Les smoothly turns the Cadillac off a busy street into a
dialog: residential neighborhood.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CADILLAC - DAY
text: Les, driving for a while now, begins to get the hang of it.
text: He stops smoothly at a stop sign. Suddenly, he stares wide-
text: eyed, frozen.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: That's a long enough stop. Make a
dialog: right here.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Up the block, Les sees Mercedes Lane.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I have to ask you a favor. You can
dialog: say no, but I'll never ask you
dialog: another one as long as I live.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les, you know that's a lie.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You see that girl up ahead? Her
dialog: name is Mercedes Lane. To put it
dialog: simply, if she asked me to marry
dialog: her tomorrow, I'd definitely say
dialog: yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (excited)
dialog: So. Let's drive by her.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dad, she just asked me out last
dialog: night. If I drive by with you in
dialog: the car, she'll never look at me
dialog: again. Even if I were standing on
text: her chest.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You're asking me to let you drive
dialog: this car, alone? Without a
dialog: license? Are you insane?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I'll just drive by, say hello and
dialog: circle back. It'll take two
dialog: minutes.
text: Dad, sizing up the situation, looks at Les, then at Mercedes
text: who walks farther up the block.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: I just want to see if she was
dialog: serious.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (with a big heart)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: And Dad...
dialog: (looking at groceries)
dialog: Would you mind?
dialog: What can Dad say? He gets out, with the Pampers, then
text: watches Les pull away.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - APPROACHING MERCEDES
text: He rolls down the window and honks. She turns, gives hima
text: dirty look, and keeps walking. He shadows her.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Mercedes?
text: She stops and looks inside, puzzled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Les Anderson, from the party last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Oh, you scared me. I didn't
dialog: recognize you. Some jerk honked at
dialog: me a little while ago in a car just
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You live around here, don't you?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: Unh, unh. Just up the street.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Hop in, I'll give you a lift?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Sure, that'd be fun.
text: As she's about to open the front door:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Wait a second.
text: Les jumps out of the car, runs around the passenger side, and
text: insists she get in the back seat. Charmed, she does.
speaker_heading: DAD
text: down the road, shakes his head in
dialog: disbelief.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Adjusting the rearview mirror, Les momentarily holds on her
text: chest, then up to her face. He smiles. He sees Dad, in the
text: mirror, holding the bags.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Which house is yours?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: It's right down the block.
text: He drives up half a block.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (about to pull into the
dialog: driveway)
dialog: Okaaayyy-
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: But... I'm not going home.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: Into Cedarbrook, to a friend's
dialog: place. You don't mind, do you?
text: Les is stunned, caught completely off guard. He looks at
dialog: his:
speaker_heading: REARVIEW MIRROR
text: His father, still holding the bags, stands alone.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: No, not at all.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Dad, with the bags beside him on the sidewalk, is livid.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEDARBROOK ESTATE - LATER
text: Mercedes walks away from the Cadillac.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Mercedes?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (coming back)
dialog: Unh, unh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (courageous)
dialog: Last night at the party, you
dialog: mentioned something about you and I
dialog: going out Saturday night. I was
dialog: just curious... Are we still on?
dialog: She doesn't have the heart.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Sure... Call me, tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (pulling out a pen)
dialog: Great, let me give you my number in
dialog: case something comes up. You never
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (handing him her Elle
dialog: Magazine)
dialog: Here, write it on this.
text: He excitedly writes his number on the front cover, then hands
text: it back to her.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Thanks again for the lift, Les.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No problem.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CADILLAC - LATER
text: Les coasts down the street like a cop on surveillance.
text: Suddenly, he spots Dad a block ahead, carrying the huge
text: grocery bags. His jacket is off and his shirt is soaked in
dialog: sweat.
text: As Les pulls up, Dad glares at him. If looks could kill.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM AND DEN - DAY
text: Les sits stiffly, in a chair. Dad disheveled, his shirt
text: soaked with sweat, circles Les like a shark.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (angry)
dialog: How could you do it, Les?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD (cont'd)
dialog: You gave me your word and you used
dialog: up your last favor? Do you realize
dialog: where this leaves you?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Not in good shape, but just let me
dialog: explain. I admit I should never
text: have let her in the car, but she
dialog: lived three houses down. I thought
dialog: I was taking her home.
dialog: (leoking at Mom)
dialog: Mom, I'm sure there were many
dialog: similar romantic gestures when Dad
dialog: was dating you.
text: Mom lies on her side in the den wearing a workout outfit,
text: doing scissor-kick exercises, to a pregnancy video. If Moby
dialog: Dick were a pregnant woman living in America, she'd look like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: I don't know. There must have
dialog: been. We're married.
text: Mom smiles. Dad looks at her as if to say, "Thanks a lot."
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Why didn't you just tell her the
dialog: truth?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Tell Mercedes Lane I don't have a
dialog: license? And risk her having a
dialog: heart attack from laughing so hard?
dialog: Put yourself in my shoes.
text: Dad looks at Les. Then to Mom for help. Forget it, Dad,
dialog: you're on your own.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (giving in)
dialog: Well, consider yourself lucky that
dialog: I didn't have a heart attack
text: walking home.
scene_heading: INT. LES' ROOM - NIGHT
text: Stereo, TV, CD, boyhood Americana. Posters of cars cover the
text: walls. We faintly hear classical music seeping through the
text: walls. The boys are over. While Les cuts Mercedes' picture
text: out of the high school yearbook, Dean gives him a hard time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Do you know what happens if you get
dialog: caught driving without a license?
dialog: They make you wait two years before
dialog: you can take the test again. Two
dialog: years, Les. Twenty-four months.
dialog: That's a lot of bus rides.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Relax, I didn't get caught.
dialog: (pinning the picture over
dialog: his desk)
dialog: And you'd do the same.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now did you guys come over to ask
dialog: me some questions? Because if you
dialog: didn't, then I have some studying
dialog: to do.
text: A tense silence. Les hands Charles the Driver's Ed book.
text: Through the walls, the classical music builds in intensity.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: All right. How can you identify a
dialog: blind pedestrian to whom you must
dialog: yield the right of way?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You're not serious.
speaker_heading: LES
text: By their white cane, or guard dog.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: This is a complete waste of time.
dialog: You know your stuff, Les. You've
text: been a passenger in a car for
dialog: sixteen years. It's not like
dialog: you're from Bedrock or something.
dialog: You've lived and breathed this
dialog: theory bullshit.
text: The music booms through the walls, building to a crescendo.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (disturbed by the music)
dialog: What is that shit?
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Tchaikovsky!!! Bookish Natalie sits at her desk studying her
text: Driver's Ed manual, taking notes, trying to memorize. As she
text: studies, her body responds to the music with great intensity.
text: And then relaxes when the music becomes quiet... Suddenly,
text: from an INTERCOM above her desk, we hear Dean's obnoxious
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: Hey, Naaaatalie! If you were ina
text: car traveling at the speed of fifty-
dialog: five miles per hour, and you
text: collided with a runaway train,
dialog: would that create any improvements
dialog: in your face?
text: Her pencil snaps. A total disruption of concentration.
text: Silence. And now we hear the loudest and most disgusting
text: BURP of all time. And then wails of laughter... And then
dialog: Dean, again.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: Good luck on your exam tomorrow,
dialog: Einstein!
scene_heading: INT. D.M.V. TESTING ROOM DAY
text: A SEA OF APPLICANTS, mostly kids, some older. They sit in
text: front of their computer screens and keyboards, ready to
text: begin. Les and Natalie sit beside each other. MISS HELLMAN,
text: an older BLUE-HAIRED WOMAN stands at the front of the room.
speaker_heading: MISS HELLMAN
dialog: Good afternoon, children. In the
dialog: next fifteen minutes you will be
dialog: given thirty questions. Any more
dialog: than five mistakes will be
dialog: considered a failing grade. We'll
text: begin at the sound of the bell.
text: She looks up at the clock, a second away from one o'clock.
text: The bell RINGS. The students begin. Les is off:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - THE SCREEN
dialog: Question #1. What should you do if you miss your exit from
dialog: an expressway? A-Jam on the breaks and back up. B-Make a
dialog: quick U-turn. C-Go on to the next one.
text: LES CHUCKLES TO HIMSELF
text: He taps C. Correct. One for one.
text: Question #2. The screen shows a stretch of freeway with
dialog: three lanes, marked A, B, C. (C being the right lane)
dialog: "Which is usually the smoothest lane of traffic? A, B, or
dialog: c."
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Why don't they just give licenses
dialog: away?
text: He presses C. WRONG.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What?
text: He looks over at Natalie. She's just tapping away and
text: smiling. He looks back at his screen. The next question.
text: He looks at it and looks at it. He decides. He winces.
text: Wrong again. Beads of sweat begin to gather on his forehead.
scene_heading: AROUND THE ROOM - NERVOUS STUDENTS' HANDS.
text: 1. A GIRL'S bangled hand plays with her hair.
text: 2. A GUY nervously bites his nails.
text: 3. A GIRL'S jappy fingernails clack away on the desk.
text: 4. A DUMB JOCK cracks his knuckles.
speaker_heading: LES
text: scratches his scalp, and taps his foot nervously. He looks
text: around, takes a deep breath, presses a key, then waits for a
text: response. A sigh of relief. Natalie cooks.
scene_heading: NATALIE'S P.O.V. - HER SCREEN
dialog: Question number 24. What actions should you take if another
dialog: vehicle passes you on the left? A-Speed up and don't let him
dialog: in. B-Take down his license number. C-Slow down. She
text: presses C. Correct. 24 for 24.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES AND NATALIE
text: A picture of opposites. Natalie, effervescent, full of life.
text: Les, a wreck. We see in his face that it's coming down to
dialog: the wire.
speaker_heading: LES'S SCREEN
text: It reads: WARNING!!! ONE MORE INCORRECT ANSWER AND YOU
dialog: FAIL!!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: Finished.
text: Natalie bounces past him. She's all smiles. He hates her.
text: BACK AT THE SCREEN
text: Question number 26. At 55 m.p.h. you come upon a large
dialog: puddle of water. Do you A-pump your brakes. B-gently ease
dialog: your foot off the gas pedal. C-Accelerate. Les' finger goes
text: from A to B and then to the side. He pauses toiling. He
dialog: presses A. WRONG! You have failed.
text: His hands begin to shake. His eyes freeze on the screen.
dialog: It's the end of the world. Out of frustration he:
text: WHACKS THE COMPUTER
text: with both hands on either side. The screen blips off and
text: stays off. He looks up and around. All the students in his
dialog: row have their hands up. What has he done?
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Les, nervously, waits at a counter with a crowd of people.
text: Miss Hellman returns.
speaker_heading: MISS HELLMAN
dialog: Mr. Anderson, you'll have to thank
dialog: your sister for this one.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MISS HELLMAN
dialog: At the present moment, the
dialog: Department of Motor Vehicles'
dialog: computers are down, so we can't get
dialog: your test results.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MISS HELLMAN (cont'd)
dialog: However, considering your sister
dialog: received a perfect score, we're
dialog: going to pass you, and allow you to
dialog: take your road test.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How different can you and your twin
dialog: sister actually be?
text: Les smiles. His lips crack, he's so happy.
scene_heading: EXT. LES' ROAD TEST CAR - DAY
text: Cheery and full of life, Les opens the door and peers in.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: sits MR. KELLY. Hair slicked back, wearing dark aviator
dialog: sunglasses, he's the-sickest, most maligned, frightening-
text: lecking human being you've ever seen. Les' stomach drops.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE'S CAR - DAY
text: A stick shift. A typical road test car. A little nervous,
text: she doesn't seem to have the grit she usually has. She's
text: having trouble adjusting her seatbelt. MR. NICE GUY, her laid-
text: back driving instructor, observes and looks over his
dialog: checklist.
speaker_heading: MR. NICE GUY
dialog: Let me help you with that.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I think I can get it.
text: She struggles. He leans over, mashing his body up against
text: hers, fixing the belt and holding it for a few Mississippis
dialog: too long.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: MR. NICE GUY
dialog: There's nothing to be nervous
dialog: about, Natalie. You'll have your
dialog: license before you know it. Take
dialog: your time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: INSIDE LES' CAR
text: Les, anxious to roll, listens to some last minute warnings
text: from Mr. Kelly. A full steaming cup of coffee sits on the
dialog: dash.
speaker_heading: MR. KELLY
dialog: Anderson. I want you to take a long
text: hard look at that cup of coffee.
dialog: Now I love my coffee. It may be
dialog: the only thing I truly cherish on
dialog: this god forsaken mudball we call
dialog: earth. What I'm trying to say is
dialog: that most inspectors use a
dialog: checklist.
dialog: (holding up the clipboard)
dialog: I don't believe in them.
dialog: (he throws it out the
dialog: window)
dialog: What I do believe in, is my cup of
dialog: coffee. You see, that coffee is
text: hot, filled right to the brim. If
dialog: it spills on me it'll probably burn
dialog: me. And no one likes to get
dialog: burned. So, if you burn me, you
dialog: fail. If you don't, you pass.
dialog: It's as simple as that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Whenever you're ready.
scene_heading: INSIDE NATALIE'S CAR
text: Natalie puts her flicker on, checks her blind spot, then
text: pulls out in first gear. A very ROCKY, JERKY, start.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MR. NICE GUY
dialog: No need to apologize, it happens to
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: INSIDE LES' CAR
text: He gently slips the car into gear, balancing the clutch and
text: the gas like James Bond diffusing a bomb. He perspires. One
text: eye on the road the other on the cup. As he pulls away:
speaker_heading: THE COFFEE
text: swishes, just barely hitting the rim. He's made it. Kelly
text: takes a sip, and then puts it back.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: EXT. D.M.V.
text: WE CRANE UP ABOVE THE LOT as Les' car follows Natalie's car
text: out of the lot.
speaker_heading: MR. KELLY
dialog: (o.s., drill sergeant)
text: Make a left at the intersection,
dialog: Anderson.
speaker_heading: MR. NICE GUY
dialog: (o.s., imitating the Pope)
dialog: Natalie, can you please make a
text: right at the corner.
text: Les' car, cutting across traffic, makes a left into the
text: hectic city. Natalie's car makes a right into quiet
dialog: suburbia.
scene_heading: EXT. QUIET HILLY SIDE STREET - DAY
text: Natalie's car runs smoothly down a residential street.
scene_heading: EXT. NOISY MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Les' car is in the thick of Saturday morning traffic. An
text: AMBULANCE is behind them, siren wailing!
speaker_heading: AMUBLANCE
text: MOVE TO THE RIGHT! EMERGENCY!
dialog: MOVE TO THE RIGHT!
scene_heading: EXT./INT. NATALIE'S CAR - DAY
text: A ritzy quiet neighborhood. The car is set on a small hill,
text: more like a bump. Inside the car, an air of tranquility.
speaker_heading: MR. NICE GUY
dialog: Let's see how you can handle the
text: clutch on a hill.
text: It's a joke. Smoother than smooth.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. LES' CAR - DAY
text: In traffic, at the top of what most skiers consider the PEAK.
text: An ANTIQUE CAR pulls within three inches of his back bumper.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Les checks his rearview mirror.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - THE ANTIQUE CAR
text: practically in his trunk. The coffee angles against the cup,
text: a hair away from the rim.
text: The light turns green. The guy HONKS. The coffee vibrates.
text: Droplets of sweat appear on his forehead. He releases the
text: clutch and smocthly pulls away. The cup is fine.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE'S CAR - DAY
text: Not a moving car in sight. Birds chirp. All is well.
speaker_heading: MR. NICE GUY
dialog: Stop just up ahead of this car on
dialog: the right. I 'd like you to
dialog: parallel park.
text: Natalie stops, signals right, then shifts into reverse. The
text: spot is big enough to park a 747. She handles it easily.
scene_heading: EXT. HECTIC TWO WAY TRAFFIC - DAY
text: Les, stopped, has his right flicker on. Traffic backs up
text: behind him. He's to parallel park in a spot a stroller would
text: have trouble fitting in. He does a textbook parking job.
scene_heading: INT. D.M.V. PICTURE ROOM - LATER
text: Natalie. Her typical sour expression. The flash pops.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Natalie, at a bureau counter, waits for her license.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Congratulations. Drive safely.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: EXT. D.M.V. - DAY
text: Natalie walks through the parking lot on her way home. We
text: SEE Les, across the street, his left flicker on, waiting for
text: a gap in the traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. D. M. V. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: As Natalie walks out of the parking lot, on her way home, Les
dialog: pulls in.
text: We FOLLOW Les' car as he's about to park.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. LES' CAR
text: The coffee cup balances on the dash. Les is home free. BUT,
text: SUDDENLY, A GIRL runs out in front of the car waving her new
text: license at a friend.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I got it. I got it.
text: Les JAMS ON THE BRAKES to avoid hitting her.
text: THE CUP ON THE DASH FLIES INTO KELLY'S LAP. Les looks at
text: Kelly, pleading, afraid. Kelly calmly picks the cup up then
text: turns it over.
speaker_heading: MR. KELLY
dialog: You're in luck, Anderson. The cup
dialog: was empty. See you on the
dialog: battlefield sometime.
text: Les, grateful, would love to hug Mr. Kelly.
scene_heading: INT. PICTURE ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE ON LES, a million dollar smile. The camera flashes.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Les, exploding with anticipation, waits in line to pick up
text: his license. The Attendant signals him.
text: He looks at it: The Holy Grail, The Ark of The Covenant. He
text: can't walk. As he's about to step away, the attendant stops
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (looking at a list)
dialog: Mr. Anderson. Hold on, one second.
dialog: Someone wants to speak with you.
text: Holding his license, he watches as the attendant, with list,
text: walks over to Miss Hellman. His heart skips a beat.
text: Large beads of perspiration. Miss Hellman walks toward him.
text: BOOM-BOOM, BOOM-BOOM, goes his heart. His future passes
text: before him. We hear voices in DEEP REVERB.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: Just pass your driver's exam, and
dialog: then we'll talk.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: Sure. Call me
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (voice over)
text: Life does exist outside a V-8.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: You're going to be free, Les. One
dialog: of them... one of them... one of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MISS HELLMAN
dialog: Well, well, Mr. Anderson. Mr.
dialog: Anderson.
text: Les snaps out of it.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (squeaking)
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: INSERT - TEST PRINTOUT ON PRINTER
scene_heading: MISS HELLMAN AND HER VICIOUS SMILE
text: His eyes begin to water.
speaker_heading: MISS HELLMAN
dialog: We were able to retrieve your test
dialog: results from the computer, Mr.
dialog: Anderson. And, as I suppose you
dialog: already know, you failed.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MISS HELLMAN (cont'd)
dialog: (handing him his test
dialog: results with one hand)
dialog: God giveth...
dialog: (taking the license with
dialog: the other)
dialog: «--and God taketh away. Don't mess
dialog: with the Department of Motor
dialog: Vehicles!
text: As she rips up his license, the IMAGE BLURS.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET - DAY
text: Devastated. Walking sluggishly, staring at his failed exam.
text: It's the end of the world. He crams the test in back pocket.
text: The edge of it sticks out.
text: A convertible VW Rabbit whips by, music blaring. Sixteen
text: year old girls and guys rock to the music. Probably the
dialog: happiest day of their lives.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Les enters. The house is quiet. There's no one home. Head
text: down, he treks upstairs to his room.
scene_heading: INT. LES' ROOM - LES - DAY
text: deeply depressed, walks into his room. His door is plastered
dialog: with telephone messages, all from Charles and Dean; "Pick me
dialog: up." "Congratulations, you made it." ...Deeper depression.
text: On his desk, a GIFT WRAPPED BOX. There's a card on top. It
text: reads, "Good Driving. Love, Mom and Dad." He tears the
text: wrapping off and looks in. He pulls out a CHAUFFEUR'S CAP!
dialog: Even deeper depression.
text: Dazed, he stares at Mercedes’ picture. She never looked
dialog: better. He never looked worse. We hear someone come into
dialog: the house.
speaker_heading: MOM AND DAD
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: Hellooocccoo. Helloocoooocce...
dialog: We're home.
text: Horror. He has to face his parents.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. BABY ROOM - DAY
text: A newly decorated baby room. Moby Mom and Dad remove a CRIB
text: from a box. Les slouched over, walks in.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Hey, sport. What's the good news?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (dejected)
dialog: Mom, Dad, I have something to tell
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (playing)
dialog: You already dented the car.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: What is it?
text: Mom and Dad look at him, eagerly. Les looks them in the eye.
dialog: What's he gonna do??? Could this be it???
text: Suddenly, his frown becomes the biggest smile. He locks
text: genuinely excited. He starts to sing and dance around the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (to the tune of Soul Man)
dialog: I'm a free man. Dodo, dodo, dodo,
dialog: dodo. I'ma free man, yaaahhh.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Thank youuuuuuuuu...
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Was it a breeze?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Like taking candy from a baby.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I filled mom's car up this
dialog: afternoon, if you feel like taking
dialog: it for a drive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (stopped in his tracks)
dialog: No thanks, Dad. I think I'm gonna
dialog: go to my room and lie down. I'm
text: exhausted.
text: Mom and Dad are puzzled.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Is there something wrong, Les?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Wrong? Are you kidding me? This
dialog: is the greatest day of my life.
text: Sixteen-years-old with a license in
dialog: my wallet. I couldn't ask for
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: So why don't you want to take the
dialog: car for a drive and celebrate a
dialog: little, get it out of your system?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I don't know if you guys
dialog: remember... sixteen years of
dialog: waiting and dreaming is a lot of
dialog: pressure. It's a very powerful
dialog: moment, and I'm not sure sitting
text: behind the wheel is the place for
dialog: me to be right now.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Can we at least see your license?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Mom, the picture is so ugly, I'm
text: even afraid to look at it. It
dialog: smells.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: We're your parents, Les. We
dialog: changed your diapers, remember?
dialog: I'm quite sure we could handle it.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (leaving the room)
dialog: Sorry, Dad. It's worse than dirty
dialog: diapers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (to Mom)
dialog: How can anything be worse than
dialog: dirty diapers?
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Les realizes what he just backed himself into, and he kind of
text: likes it. Rudy comes barging in the front door, excited as
text: hell, looking for his brother. Les is in full stride...
text: Rudy runs to him and slaps him "high five."
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Awwrighhhhht.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When can we go for a drive?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Later, later. Let me just make a
dialog: few phone calls.
text: Rudy buys it, another one sold. The phone rings. Les picks
dialog: it up.
scene_heading: INT. LES' BEDROOM - DAY
text: Les dances in, whistling, he's a new man. He opens his phone
text: book and turns to the name "Mercedes," beside a Mercedes Benz
text: symbol. He dials the number and waits... it's BUSY. Just as
text: he puts it down, it RINGS. He picks it up.
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S BASEMENT BEDROOM - DAY
text: Tiny. Water pipes abound. A pigsty a pig wouldn't live in.
text: Dean holds the telephone up to the speaker. Charles hits
text: play on the tape deck and suddenly the sounds of A ROCK
text: CONCERT CROWD CHEERING AND SCREAMING blasts out of the
text: speakers. Intercut Les and Dean.
text: Les listens... He loves it. It finally fades out.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You're the king, Les. You did it,
dialog: man. How does it feel?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Deano baby! Hang on a second, I'm
dialog: looking for my keys. Wait!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES (cont'd)
dialog: Here they are. Right beside my AAA
dialog: card.
text: They laugh. Another one sold.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER - NIGHT
text: Les is in seventh heaven, singing and whistling.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Mom flicks on the washer, then leaves the room with an empty
text: laundry basket balancing on her stomach.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Mom pokes her head in, while Les is still in the shower. She
text: grabs his dirty underwear, socks and jeans. As she plops
text: them into her basket, we SEE the corner of Les' test results
text: edging out of his back pocket.
text: Les turns the shower off. Dad pops his head into the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I wanna see you in the den in a few
dialog: minutes, chief.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (on top of the world)
dialog: I'm there.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Standing by the washer Mom empties everyone's pockets; Dad's,
text: Rudy's, Les' jeans... Without realizing what it is, she
text: places Les' failed exam on the counter. As it sits there it
text: partially unfolds. Mom loads the washer.
scene_heading: INT. DEN —- NIGHT
text: Dad sits with Natalie, waiting for Les. Behind Dad, Rudy
text: sits in front of a GIANT SCREEN TV, with the sound off. He's
text: watching "THE FRENCH CONNECTION."
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Where's Les?
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. LES' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Wearing a bathrobe, he's on the phone. Still busy.
text: Confused, he leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES' ROOM - NIGHT
text: Outfits scattered about. Mercedes is on the phone.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: Mercedes, you could have any guy
dialog: you'd like. Forget Paolo. He's
dialog: old enough to be your mother's
dialog: younger brother.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: But why hasn't he called? He's
dialog: going to the club tonight, I know
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. DEN - NIGHT
text: Les, full of life, sits beside Natalie. As Dad talks, the
text: famous chase scene from "THE FRENCH CONNECTION" unfolds.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: With Mom expecting any day now,
dialog: it's extremely important that there
dialog: is always one car at home. I
dialog: cannot make that any clearer. Am I
dialog: understood?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (sour)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Absolutely, hundred percent. Is
dialog: that all?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les... We don't want Mom going into
dialog: labor without a car here to drive
text: her to the hospital. Taxis are
dialog: unreliable, and you both know how
dialog: slow buses can be. If I'm out, one
dialog: of you must be here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD (cont'd)
dialog: The same goes for me when the both
dialog: of you are out. The overriding
dialog: consideration now is your mother.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - EARLY EVENING
text: As Mom sorts the laundry, she watches TV: A "Pregnancy
text: Period" home video guide. A WOMAN speaks. Beside Mom,
text: resting on top of Les' still partially-folded test, is a bowl
text: of PICKLED PIG'S FEET with CHOCOLATE SYRUP on it.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: ++eas long as you aren't
dialog: experiencing any dizzy spells, and
dialog: as long as you can still fit behind
dialog: the wheel, you can safely drive
text: short distances up to delivery day.
dialog: Don't, however, try to drive
dialog: yourself to the hospital while in
dialog: labor.
scene_heading: INT. DEN NIGHT
text: Dad continues. In the chase scene, behind him, Popeye Doyle
text: swerves away, avoiding a baby in a stroller.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Now, I've put together a list of
dialog: the rules of the road that I think
dialog: we should go over.
text: Dad pulls out some NOTES and hands a copy to Les and Natalie.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dad...
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: This way you'll never be able to
dialog: say you don't remember hearing
dialog: them. Take a minute to look them
dialog: over. They may end up saving your
dialog: life.
text: They flip through them. They can't believe it.
scene_heading: INT. LES' ROOM — NIGHT
text: Les walks into his room and without giving it a thought
text: pitches Dad's rules and regulations into the garbage can.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - NIGHT
text: While gathering everyone's loose change and pocket contents,
text: Mom notices Les' test results. She unfolds the test sheet.
dialog: It's obvious he failed!
scene_heading: INT. LES' ROOM - CLOSE ON A TAPE DECK - NIGHT
text: Rock and roll. A tape records. Needles bounce. "MERCEDES
text: FAST" is scrawled on the label. PULL BACK... We SEE Rudy
text: wearing the chauffeur's cap, standing by the rockin' stereo.
text: Les dials the phone. It's ringing, finally. He signals Rudy
text: to turn it down. Silence. Joy on Les' face.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (voice over; sexy)
dialog: Hello...
dialog: Suddenlytittttrriritt
scene_heading: THE DOOR BURSTS OPEN
text: The boys look up. It's Dad, carrying a BOTTLE OF CHAMPAGNE
text: and TWO GLASSES. Les, receiver in hand, is stunned. He
text: can't talk with his Dad in the room. As he hangs up the
speaker_heading: phone, WE HEAR:
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Paolo? Is that you?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Rudy. Go downstairs. Les, my boy,
dialog: we're drinking a toast to you.
text: Rudy exits.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dad, that's very thoughtful of you,
dialog: but you know I shouldn't be
dialog: drinking and driving.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (popping open the bottle)
dialog: Les. You just saved me $26,000.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: How did I do that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (pouring him a glass)
dialog: First raise your glass.
dialog: (toasting)
dialog: To saving me 26,000 buckaroonies.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (taking a sip)
dialog: I don't get it.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Twenty-three thousand for the BMW,
dialog: and three thousand for the
dialog: insurance.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (excited)
dialog: How did I do that?
text: Dad whips out the test.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: With this.
text: Les is shattered.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Mom has just told Rudy and Natalie about Les.
scene_heading: RUDY AND NATALIE
dialog: He failed?iiitit
scene_heading: INT. LES' ROOM - NIGHT (SAME LOCATION - DIFFERENT DIALOGUE)
text: Les sits on his bed, head down. Dad kneels in front of him.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les, did it ever occur to you that
dialog: you could've told your mom and me.
dialog: We're your parents, not the police.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (ashamed)
dialog: I just figured that I could get
dialog: through the weekend and take the
dialog: test over Monday.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I know what you figured...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Les looks out into nowhere land.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Come on, Les. It's not the end of
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: It feels like it.
speaker_heading: DAD
text: (putting his arm around
dialog: Les)
dialog: You'll recover. The great ones
dialog: always do.
text: The doorbell rings.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: Mom opens the door. It's KARL, Natalie's boyfriend. Workers
text: of the world unite!!! He wears HORN-RIMMED GLASSES.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Good evening, Mrs. Anderson. Is
dialog: Natascha home?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: She'll be down in a second.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Fine, Karl. Thank you.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: I admire you for having the courage
dialog: to bring a child into this
dialog: oppressive world.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (calling for help)
text: NATALIEEEEE...
scene_heading: INT. LES' ROOM NIGHT
text: On his bed, staring at the ceiling. PAN TO the clock OVER
text: his bed. It reads 8:50.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. KARL'S BEAT-UP CITROEN - NIGHT
text: Pulling out of the Anderson driveway. It huffs and it puffs
text: and it BACKFIRES. It sounds like shit!!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Are you sure you don't want to take
dialog: my mother's Audi? This car's never
text: going to make it to the rally.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (proud)
dialog: Natascha, don't let this old
dialog: warrior's heartbeat deceive you.
dialog: It has more than a lifetime worth
dialog: of travel left in it.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES' ROOM - NIGHT
text: Mercedes lies on the floor, beside the phone, with her feet
text: up on a chair. She looks sad and very alone. She rolls over
text: and grabs the ELLE magazine off of her bed. Leafing through
text: it, something on the front cover catches her eye... Les'
dialog: number.
scene_heading: INT. LES' ROOM - THE CLOCK - IT NOW READS 11:15 - NIGHT
text: PAN BACK TO Les in the same position. He hasn't moved. The
text: phone rings, and rings, and rings. He picks it up. Intercut
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (picking it up)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Is Les Anderson in, please?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (confused)
dialog: This is Les.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Les? This is Mercedes Lane. Do
dialog: you remember me?
dialog: This can't be.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (trying to be cool)
dialog: Remember you?... Ah... I'm not
dialog: sure. Of course, Mercedes. How
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: A little lonely, actually.
text: Les' eyes pop out.
text: He cringes
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I thought we had a date this
dialog: evening. I figured I'd call you,
dialog: since you hadn't called yet.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I'm sorry. Actually, I just got
dialog: in. I was out... deep sea fishing
dialog: all day.
text: at the sound of his feeble lie.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You haven't changed your mind about
dialog: tonight, have you?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Tonight? Now? No.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: So you can pick me up in twenty
dialog: minutes?
dialog: (no response)
text: He looks at the clock and sees the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Hang on.
text: Les puts the phone down and looks out his window at Mom’s
speaker_heading: AUDI 5000
text: parked in the driveway. He bolts out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - OUTSIDE PARENTS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Les gently opens their door and peers in. The TV is on. Mom
text: and Dad are asleep. The keys to the Audi are on the night
text: table beside Dad. He closes the door and takes a deep
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (to himself)
text: An innocent girl, a harmless drive.
dialog: What could possibly go wrong?
dialog: BACK IN HIS ROOM
text: He slides in and picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (with confidence)
dialog: Mercedes? I'll be there in half an
dialog: hour.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Great. And Les?... Can you bring
dialog: some liquor?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (unbelieving)
dialog: Liquor? You mean alcohol?
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Les?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Unh, unh.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Vodka makes me crazy.
text: He must be dreaming.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - LES - NIGHT
text: tiptoes to Dad's night table. Les reaches for the keys, but
text: just as he's about to snatch them, Dad rolls over, stretching
text: out, plopping his hand down on top of them. It's no use.
text: Les walks out, turning the TV up even louder.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Les searches the drawers of a desk. He pulls out a box of
text: spare keys... nothing. He checks other drawers... nothing.
dialog: He doesn't know what to do... or does he?
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Les walks-in and takes a long hard look at the Cadillac.
text: It's radiant. He looks in and sees the keys in the ignition.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Anderson, you should be castrated.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A locked liquor cabinet. Les feels around back and pulls out
text: a SMALL MAGNETIC TIN BOX. A HIDE-A-KEY. He opens the
text: cabinet and pulls out a full bottle of vodka.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Les walks into the garage, carrying a cooler and a flask. He
text: lays them down beside the trunk. As he opens the car door,
text: the CAR ALARM sounds. It's LOUD AS HELL! He lunges into the
text: car and turns it off. He listens for his parents.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: They're still asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: The garage door inches up.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: He turns the ignition part way, unlocking the steering, then
text: shifts the car into neutral. The car doesn't budge.
text: He gets out of the car and begins to push it. It starts
text: to... ROLL SLOWLY, then pick up speed. He shuffles
text: alongside, trying to open the door. It rolls onto the FRONT
text: LAWN, headed straight for the SIX-FOOT-HIGH PERFECTLY-
scene_heading: MANICURED FRONT HEDGES.
text: Les holds his breath as the Cadillac plows through Picasso's
text: hedges, onto the street, thumping to a stop against the curb.
text: Les can't believe his eyes: the seven foot gap in the hedges,
text: and tire tracks in the lawn. As best he can, he props the
text: bushes up, and stomps on the tire tracks. He runs to:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THE GARAGE
text: where he unscrews the light bulbs and hits the automatic door
text: control. He runs back to the Caddie.
text: As he pulls away in one direction:
scene_heading: THE CITROEN - BANGING AND POPPING
text: on its last leg, pulls into THE DRIVEWAY from the other.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: If you're not convinced this car's
dialog: about to die, maybe we should wait
text: until it catches fire and cremates
dialog: itself.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Need you be so cruel, Natascha.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (rolling her eyes)
dialog: Let me just get the keys to my
dialog: mother's Audi.
text: She walks into the house. A defeated Karl waits.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Dad and Mom are fast asleep, wrapped in covers. Natalie
text: searches for the keys. She finally spots them under Dad's
text: hand. Unlike Les, she picks up Dad's hand, and removes the
dialog: Audi key.
text: Dad wakes up and looks at her. She holds out the key. He
text: smiles and falls back to sleep.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: EMPTY! No Cadillac. We hear the Audi start up and pull
dialog: away. No cars at home!!
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: As we hear the car drive away. Pregnant Mom bolts in pain,
text: grabbing her stomach. She turns on the light and waits for
text: the pain to subside. She's okay. She turns the light off.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. MERCEDES' FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: Les rings and waits. Mercedes opens the door. She looks
dialog: stunning.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You look great.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Thanks, Les. You look cute.
text: He smiles. Where's the nearest justice of the peace?
scene_heading: INT. CADDIE - NIGHT
text: Les' tape is a hit. Loud. Heaven. Mercedes is having a
dialog: great time.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: So where do you feel like going?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I know the perfect place. You'll
dialog: love it.
text: Mercedes cranks the volume even louder. As she does, a COP
text: CAR squeezes by the Caddie giving Les a hard look. For the
text: first time, we see in Les' face the fear of what he's about
dialog: to get himself into.
scene_heading: EXT. EL RAY'S - NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT
text: A popular nightclub set in an UNSAFE NEIGHBORHOOD. The
text: Caddie is on a line for valet parking.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADILLAC
text: A ton of decibels. Mercedes sips on the flask, rocking to
text: the music. A neurotic Les watches the PARKERS manhandle the
text: cars ahead of him. Cars fishtail, leaving a cloud of blue
dialog: smoke.
text: The VALET reaches for Les' door. Les hits the automatic lock
dialog: switch.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Open the door, Les.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 54a.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: What do you mean, you can't?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (pulling out)
dialog: They'll destroy the gears. If I
dialog: let them touch this car, they'll
text: turn it into a manual transmission.
dialog: I'll park it myself.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK ALLEY - NIGHT
text: An alley lined with cars with smashed windows and missing
text: bumpers. Les backs into the only remotely safe-looking spot.
text: The Caddie lights shut off. We hear a SHRIEK. A GUNSHOT.
text: BROKEN GLASS! The Caddie lights turn back on. The car peels
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: They drive by the club, again, still looking, but now they're
text: on the other side of the street.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (pointing to a spot)
dialog: There's one.
text: Les looks. It's perfect. Huge under a street lamp. He
dialog: pulls in.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (noticing a parking sign)
dialog: I can't park here.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: It's a tow zone.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: On a Saturday night? Les, nobody
dialog: tows cars on a weekend. Look at
dialog: all the cars behind us. You think
dialog: they're worried?
dialog: Les is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (Cont'd)
dialog: Relax. You're acting like it's the
dialog: first time you've ever driven.
text: She struck a nerve. She gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. EL RAY'S ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Les follows Mercedes as she approaches the LARGE CROWD of
text: people waiting to get in. The DOORMAN recognizes Mercedes,
text: waves her in, but stops Les dead in his tracks.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Hey, come on, I'm with her.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: (snobbish)
dialog: Riiiiight. You wouldn't be with
dialog: her if she were your Siamese twin.
dialog: Now, run on before someone steals
dialog: your tricycle, Mikie.
dialog: Forget it, Les.
scene_heading: INT. EL RAY'S - BAR/FOYER NIGHT
text: Before Mercedes realizes Les isn't with her, she spots PAOLO.
text: To get up her nerve, Mercedes grabs some GUY's glass of
text: champagne off the bar, and downs it. The guy looks on,
text: confused. Mercedes is a tad flushed. This may have been her
dialog: first drink.
text: She approaches Paolo. He sees her.
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: (feigned charm)
dialog: Mercedes, what a lovely surprise.
dialog: Where is your high school 'throb
dialog: heart?
text: Mercedes realizes Les isn't there. A beautiful SEXY WOMAN
text: slithers up beside Paolo, and nibbles on his ear. Mercedes
text: is repulsed.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE EL RAY'S
text: Les, unable to weasel by the Doorman, hustles up to a window
text: where he watches MERCEDES confront Paolo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Behind him, at the Caddie, we see a TOW TRUCK attaching its
text: clamps and clips to the Cadillac's frame.
scene_heading: BACK INSIDE EL RAY'S FOYER
text: Mercedes is very upset.
speaker_heading: PAOLO
dialog: (pouring champagne)
dialog: Please, Mercedes. Sit down and
dialog: join us for something to drink.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: No thanks, but here's something to
dialog: go with it.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE EL RAY'S
speaker_heading: LES
text: watches Mercedes wind up and slap Paolo. Les smirks, as
text: Paolo stands stunned.
speaker_heading: INSIDE EL RAY’S
text: Mercedes storms away. On the way out of the club, she grabs
text: the guy's MAGNUM OF CHAMPAGNE from the bucket of ice.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE EL RAY'S
text: Les waits for Mercedes. She stomps by him, back to the car,
text: swigging the near-full bottle of champagne. Les turns to
dialog: see...
text: THE TOW TRUCK, about to pull away with the Caddie. Blindly,
text: Les, runs across the street. Cars screech and swerve. He
text: stands in front of the truck. The DRIVER is an overweight
text: REDNECK covered in grease.
speaker_heading: REDNECK DRIVER
dialog: Get out the way, boy.
speaker_heading: LES
text: (jumping on the truck's
dialog: hood)
dialog: You can't do this to my car.
speaker_heading: REDNECK DRIVER
dialog: (rolling out)
dialog: Boy, I've driven with deers,
dialog: antelopes, even with bears strapped
dialog: to my bumper.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REDNECK DRIVER (cont'd)
dialog: A sixty-five pound sack a fly shit
dialog: like you ain’t gonna shake me a
dialog: hell of difference.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Please, I'll do anything. I can
dialog: pay you. I'll give you everything
dialog: I have.
text: He jams on the breaks. Les flies over the front hood.
dialog: Mercedes can't believe it.
scene_heading: EXT. TOW TRUCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: Les count out his money in front of the driver. The driver
text: snatches the money, and walks around to the side of the
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Be gentle. Please.
speaker_heading: REDNECK DRIVER
dialog: For eighty dollars?
text: He hits a switch. The Cadillac CRASHES DOWN. Les is
text: mortified. The redneck driver jumps into his truck,
text: laughing. As he drives away, Mercedes approaches a
text: distraught Les. After another huge swig from the magnum, she
text: offers him some champagne.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: This might help.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (harking back to his Dad's
dialog: champagne toast)
dialog: No, thanks, I already had some
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I'm really sorry about this, I feel
dialog: like it was all my fault.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Nah, I should've given the car to
dialog: the valet.
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: It's too bad about your friend.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: He was a jerk anyway. I don't know
dialog: why I even hung around with him.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MERCEDES (cont'd)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why don't we get out of here?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: And go where? With the amount of
dialog: money I have left in my pocket, we
dialog: have two choices. Sit at a parking
dialog: meter for twenty minutes, or go buy
dialog: ourselves a paper.
text: Mercedes laughs. It really isn't funny.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I know a quiet spot, with plenty of
dialog: free parking.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: A dense forest. Cadillac Brougham hell. We can barely SEE
text: the beams of the Cadillac's headlights.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: The car bounces along on a steep, narrow dirt mountain road
text: more suited for a horse or a 4x4.
dialog: Whatever it is, it's not good for the car. Mercedes has
text: moved beside Les. The radio is off. Les concentrates.
text: Quiet. We hear the pounding of the shocks and the occasional
text: branch scraping the car. And then a Mercedes HICCUP and a
dialog: giggly “excuse me.”
scene_heading: THEIR POV - STRAIGHT AHEAD
text: Bit by bit, the trees vanish. There's nothing but stars.
text: The entire city sits below us, glowing like an expensive
text: breach. It's a glorious sight. Les stops the car.
text: They get out. Mercedes, clutching her now three quarters
text: empty bottle of champagne, stares up at the stars. Mercedes
text: is more than light headed. She's drunk. Les checks the
text: condition of the car. It looks fine.
text: Les gapes at Mercedes and the surroundings. It's a fantasy
text: come true. An awkward silence.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: This is unbelievable up here. How
dialog: did you find this place?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Someone I know used to take me
dialog: here.
dialog: (Les is shattered)
dialog: Not a boyfriend. My father used to
dialog: bring me here to show me how pretty
dialog: the world could be if you could
dialog: step away and see it from a
dialog: distance.
text: Les doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (Cont'd)
dialog: I haven't been here in a long time.
text: She's about to sit in front of the car.
dialog: Les leans
speaker_heading: THE TRUNK
dialog: revealing
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (diving between her)
dialog: Wait, wait one second. I havea
dialog: blanket. It'll be more
dialog: comfortable.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: You sure come prepared.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (ander his breath)
dialog: Like a Boy Scout.
text: into the car and releases the trunk lock.
speaker_heading: FLIPS OPEN
text: an expensive set of GOLF CLUBS. Les searches the
text: bag and pulls out a BLANKET.
text: He races to the front of the car and spreads it out on the
text: front hood.
dialog: Les grins
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (in between swigs)
dialog: All we're missing is some soft
text: romantic music.
text: and whips into the car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: He flips over his "MERCEDES" tape to the "SLOW" side. He
text: waits for it to begin. It's the perfect song for the perfect
text: moment. He smiles and adjusts the volume.
text: BUT, just as he's about to slide cut, the sound garbles and
text: dies. He ejects the tape. It's destroyed. He flips on the
text: radio. The reception sucks. HE shuts it off and looks out
text: at Mercedes filling her glass up. He needs music. He opens
text: the GLOVE COMPARTMENT.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - A ROW OF CASSETTES
dialog: Grandfather's top ten: Como, Bennett, Torme, Sinatra, and
text: Humperdinck. He grabs "Greatest Hits of the 40's" and loads
text: it into the deck. "Strangers in the Night."
text: Nestled in the woods, above the city, it's beautiful. I wish
text: it were me. Mercedes, deep in thought and alcohol, gulps
text: away. An awkward moment for Les. He looks out at the
text: spectacular view.
speaker_heading: SINATRA
text: "Strangers in the night, exchanging
text: glances, wondering in the night,
dialog: what were the chances, we'd be
dialog: sharing love, before the night was
dialog: through."
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Do you want to dance?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: To this? Where?
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: (getting up on the hood
dialog: with her stiletto heels)
dialog: Right up here. You couldn't pray
dialog: for a more romantic setting.
text: Her heels on the hood are killing him, but he doesn't want to
text: upset the momentum. He hops up. They get close. She's
text: taller. It's awkward.
speaker_heading: SINATRA
text: ‘Love was just a glance away, a
text: warm embracing dance away.'
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Maybe I should take my shoes off?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Les looks to the sky as if to say, "Thank you, God." They
text: resume dancing. As Frankie sings on, they get closer and
text: closer, until Mercedes attaches her mouth to Les'. Within
text: moments they've eased themselves down onto the hood, and now
dialog: they're really going at it. Passion!
speaker_heading: SINATRA
dialog: ‘It turned out so right, for
dialog: strangers in the night.'
text: As Frankie gets into his "doobee doobee doos," the song fades
text: and we hear a THUMP.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON LES
text: His eves dart open. ANOTHER THUMP. It's the hood of the
text: Cadillac caving in. He can't even kiss her now. ANOTHER
text: THUMP! He pulls himself away, panicked.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Get up. Get off the hood.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: LES
text: The hood is caving in. Quick, get
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SINATRA
dialog: (the next song)
dialog: ‘That’s life, that’s what people
dialog: say.’
text: Les is destroyed. There's a huge deep dent in the hood.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Oh my God. I'll be making repair
dialog: payments from Siberia.
dialog: (packing up to go)
dialog: We have to get this fixed.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (plastered -- drink in
dialog: hand)
dialog: What's the rush, Les? I love this
dialog: song.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (more to himself)
dialog: Unfortunately, so does my
dialog: grandfather.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Les leaps into the car. Mercedes falls in. He tries
text: ejecting the cassette, but it's jammed. He tries to get it
text: out. Forget it. He lowers the volume. She won't let him
text: start the car, she's all over him. She starts kissing his
text: neck, unbuttoning his shirt, kissing his chest.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (sexy)
dialog: You have such baby soft skin.
text: He can't resist her. He begins to smile. Suddenly her head
text: drops into his lap. He winces... and then we hear some
text: SNORING... He looks down. She's fast asleep.
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S PARENTS' GARAGE - NIGHT
dialog: Cluttered with spare parts, bikes, tools, you name it. The
text: Cadillac is parked beside the Datsun. The hood is up. Dean
text: pounds the dent out from the inside. Charles, with a pocket
text: camera hung around his neck, watches. Les paces nervously.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You have balls, Les. You
dialog: definitely have balls for snatching
dialog: this car. I'm impressed.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Let's see the license.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Forget it. It's ugly.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Of course it is. Big deal.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (holding up his camera)
dialog: Come on. Let me take a picture of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Okay.
text: Dean turns around. Charles readies his camera. Les whips
text: his open wallet by their noses. The camera FLASHES. Forget
text: it. Radar couldn't have picked it up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
text: (rubbing his eyes from the
dialog: flash)
dialog: Happy, now?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (turning to the hood)
dialog: Take a look.
text: Dean puts the mallet down and gently drops the hood. Les
text: crouches down to check. Dean stands, confident.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Excellent work, Dean. Really
dialog: spectacular. You saved me.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: So I guess we can go to Archie's
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dean, I promise next weekend, but
dialog: not tonight. Mercedes doesn't have
dialog: to be home for a couple of hours.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Les, take a look at something.
text: Dean walks Les to the passenger side of the car. Mercedes is
text: out cold, her face squished up against the glass.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Unless you're into some intense
dialog: kinky shit, and you never know
dialog: after tonight, this Mercedes has a
dialog: dead battery.
text: Les is depressed. Dean's rolling.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: We're talking about Archie's
text: Atomic, Les. It's in the middle of
dialog: nowhere. You can't get there
dialog: without a license. No buses, no
dialog: trains, no planes. Only the
dialog: slickest driving machines you've
dialog: ever seen.
text: Dean pulls a crumpled piece of paper out of his pocket and
text: hands it to Les.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Here are the directions my brother
dialog: gave me.
text: Les glances at it.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: How do you know it's any good?
dialog: You've never even been there.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Charles, do I tell you what kind of
dialog: dictionaries to buy?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (looking for an out)
dialog: I dunno, Dean. I'm a little tired,
dialog: I don't feel like driving on the
dialog: highway.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Are you shittin' me? You got your
dialog: license twelve hours ago and you're
dialog: already tired of driving? My
dialog: mother makes ridiculous statements
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Forget it, Dean. I just can't.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Can't?
text: Dean grabs the mallet and walks over to the hood. He lifts
text: the mallet high into the air, assuming the executioner's
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Fine. But as precise and delicate
dialog: a task as it may have appeared,
dialog: fixing those dents... I could
dialog: easily put them all back.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (nowhere to go)
dialog: This place better be worth it.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: The drive alone will be worth it.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAN'S HOUSE - A HIGH ANGLE - NIGHT
text: Backing out onto the street.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: Did you wipe your feet, Dean?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (o.8.; like a baby)
dialog: Yes, I wiped the concrete off my
dialog: feet.
dialog: (sounding great)
dialog: Two seconds in the car and I can
dialog: already feel the change. This is
dialog: too much. Charles, push in the
dialog: lighter, I have a surprise for
dialog: everyone.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Dean holds out three cigars. Behind him, we SEE Mercedes out
text: cold. Charles still has his camera around his neck.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No way, Dean. Not in here.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Les, this is a car, not an oxygen
dialog: tent.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Forget it. If there's even the
dialog: slightest evidence to suggest that
dialog: I took this car, my dad will
dialog: slaughter first and ask questions
dialog: later.
text: Dean bounces back into his seat, shaking his head. Quiet.
text: Dean smirks... and then the loudest FART you've ever heard.
text: They crack up.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREETS - NIGHT
text: Sparsely crowded, the Caddie crawls along in the middle lane
text: at a tortoise's pace, being passed by cars, left and right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: Sheer boredom. Charles takes it in stride. Dean watches
text: incredulously as a JOGGER passes them on the right and a
text: STREET SWEEPER passes them on the left.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Les, how about taking the car out
dialog: of neutral and putting it in gear?
dialog: A bath is more exciting than this.
text: Les takes it like a man.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: Stopped at a red light.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: Dean has given up. We hear The Funeral March horn... "DUM,
text: DUM, DaDUM... DUM, DaDUM, DaDUM, DaDUM."
scene_heading: THE GLOSSY BLACK GTO
text: with the THREE DEMENTED HIGH SCHOOL DROPOUTS, pulls up beside
text: them REVVVVVVING its engine.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: The makings of a drag. This is what Dean has been waiting
text: for. The stares. The challenge. Charles and Dean smirk at
text: the DRIVER. Les revs his engine. Charles and Dean smile at
text: Les... The light turns GREEN!
text: Sorry boys. Les pulls away slowly, while the GTO screeches
text: away leaving them in a cloud of burnt rubber.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What? Les are you sixteen, or are
dialog: you sixty? You could've given that
text: gear head a run for his money.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dean, this is my grandfather's car.
dialog: Get me a car that I'm not
dialog: genetically related to, and I
dialog: assure you things will change.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Les. No one's asking you to break
dialog: the sound barrier.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN (cont'd)
dialog: It just feels like we're on some
dialog: sort of kiddie ride, that's all.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Give him a break, Dean. He just got
dialog: his license.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: His tractor license. I mean what's
dialog: the point? What's the damn point
dialog: of driving a car if you're not
dialog: going to take advantage of it?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Whatever happened to your beliefs
dialog: about cars representing freedom in
dialog: America?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: At twenty miles per hour?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What's the difference? Twenty,
dialog: eighty, you're in a car.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: There's a big difference, Charles.
dialog: Freedom at eighty miles per hour is
dialog: America. Freedom at twenty miles
dialog: per hour is communism.
text: End of round one. The fighters return to their corners.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lights out. Windows open. Curtains blowing. Mom has the
text: blankets off. Dad is wrapped in them.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Honey?
dialog: (shoving him)
dialog: Honey?
text: Dad grunts.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Is it hot in here or is it just me?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: It's you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Oh, it feels like a sauna in here.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Would you like me to go down to the
text: garage and turn on the air
dialog: conditioning?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: No, it's okay. I could lose a few
dialog: pounds.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Dad walking like a zombie opens the door to the garage.
scene_heading: DAD'S P.O.V. - THE GARAGE
text: Pitch black. Can't see a thing. He tries flicking on the
text: light. No luck, Les unscrewed them. He leaves the garage.
scene_heading: IN THE BEDROOM
text: Mom is back under the covers. The TV is on.
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN
text: Dad opens a drawer, pulls out a flashlight and tests it.
text: DAD AT THE DOOR TO THE GARAGE
text: About to open it, flashlight on. Suddenly... the INTERCOM
text: booms on, startling Dad.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (intercom)
dialog: Richard? Richard?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: I changed my mind. I'm not hot any
dialog: longer, I'm under the covers now.
dialog: I'm hungry. Can you make me a
dialog: herring and mayonnaise sandwich?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: With extra bacon bits?
text: Dad suddenly feels ill.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - THE CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: motors down the highway, being passed by everyone.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADILLAC
text: They're still in their corners, hanging onto their pride.
text: Mercedes, asleep or unconscious, is huddled in the backseat.
text: Les inches up to fifty-four miles per hour, then locks in the
text: cruise control. He tries ejecting the cassette. It's still
dialog: jammed. He turns it on. Frankie... This is Cadillac
text: cruising at its finest.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: shifts positions, cuddling up against Dean. Guess who's
dialog: smiling now?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The Cadillac glides along.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - LES - NIGHT
text: Frankie sets the mood. We HEAR a click. A camera flash
text: fills the car.
text: CHARLES AND LES TURN AROUND
text: Mercedes lies on the backseat with her top few buttons
text: undone. A bit of her bra is exposed.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You asshole! Button up her shirt!
dialog: Now!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Forget it, Les. Look at us.
dialog: (gently)
dialog: At the present moment we're three
text: wild animals bombing down the
text: highway in a Cadillac with the
text: cruise control set on fifty-five.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Well, excuse me, that's the speed
dialog: limit. I don't need a ticket my
dialog: first night out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: A ticket? Look at your windshield.
dialog: We're moving so slowly the flies
dialog: have time to get out of the way.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Very funny.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Not only that. Listen to this
dialog: crap. My parents don't even listen
dialog: to this.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Dean, you need a doctor.
text: Dean clicks off another picture.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (reaching back)
dialog: Gimme the camera, Dean.
text: Dean ignores him, snaps another. Les lunges back, one eye on
text: the road. He grabs the camera. They struggle. The Caddie
text: starts to swerve. Charles tries to break them up. In the
text: commotion the camera FLASH goes off right in Les' eyes.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: shit!
text: Les is blinded. The car swerves, recklessly. Dean laughs,
text: hysterically. Charles braces himself.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - THE HIGHWAY AS JIMI HENDRIX WOULD SEE IT
text: A purple haze. An EXIT RAMP.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMP A SIGN SAYS "REDUCE SPEED TO TWENTY" - NIGHT
text: The car bombs uncontrollably down the ramp headed straight
text: for a BUSY INTERSECTION. But just ahead, a HUGE PUDDLE, the
dialog: one Les slept through in class, the one he got wrong on the
dialog: exam.
text: He jams on the brakes!!!!! What an idiot. Hitting the
text: water, the Caddie SPINS OUT OF CONTROL, and slides through
text: the intersection BACKWARDS, just narrowly missing traffic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
text: whips the car back around. But it doesn't matter, the
text: windshield's a blur, covered in water. A terrified Les feels
dialog: for the windshield wipers. Got ‘em. Instant vision:
scene_heading: TRUCK'S HEADLIGHTS - HEADED STRAIGHT FOR THEM
text: He SCREAMS, yanking the car left, across traffic, through a
text: PLYWOOD FENCE, then off:
scene_heading: A VERY STEEP INCLINE
text: They're airborne. Dean howls like a cowboy.
text: THE CADDIE GLIDES THROUGH THE AIR
text: landing on a muddy hill, cushioning the fall. Temporary
text: relief. Very temporary. Terrified faces, as the car races
text: through high grass, and suddenly explodes into:
text: THE PARKING LOT OF A SHAKEY'S
text: slamming to a stop in a parking space, pulling in perfectly,
text: next to an OLDER JAPANESE TOURIST COUPLE in a Dodge station
text: wagon. They pull out as if nothing happened.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE - ON LES
text: Inhaling and exhaling. Glad to be intact, he looks ahead,
text: his hands locked to the steering wheel.
text: In the backseat, Mercedes, still out cold, is mushed on top
text: of Dean. Her lips glisten, a millimeter away from his.
text: Grinning, he stretches to meet Mercedes' lips. We SEE some
text: sign of life in Mercedes. She's waking up. She doesn't look
dialog: well.
text: Dean's lips are almost there. Stretching... almost... lips
dialog: puckered...
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (i11 sounding)
dialog: I have to throw up.
scene_heading: LES SPINS AROUND
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Open the door. Get her out!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Iocan't. I'm trapped. Help me!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Mercedes moans. Les jumps out, rips open the back door.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Not in the car, please.
text: Les tears a barely conscious Mercedes off Dean.
scene_heading: MERCEDES' P.O.V. -— ROMEO
text: He holds her in his arms. She closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: LES
text: practically drops her on the pavement, more worried about the
text: car. Charles staggers out of the car, moving as if all his
text: bones are broken. Dean bounces out.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I apologize for everything, Bro.
dialog: That was definitely worth the price
dialog: of admission. In fact, that ride
dialog: made up for a whole life of
dialog: boredom.
text: Les surveys THE CAR. Other than the fact that it's covered
text: in grime and dirt, it looks okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Where the hell are we?
text: Dean sees something across the street and walks towards it,
text: mesmerized.
scene_heading: DEAN'S P.O.V. - "SICK SAM'S 24 HOUR RENT A CAR"
dialog: A slimy fourth rate organization. It sounds incredible, but
text: up on a very steep ramp, high above the lot, lit with
text: spotlights, under a sign that says, "ONLY $180.00 A WEEK," is
dialog: ar
scene_heading: 1972 CADILLAC - AN EXACT REPLICA
text: of the one they're driving. Walking closer, it's the same
text: color, same wheels, same everything. Shiny clean, like new.
text: We heat a faint CHORUS OF ANGELS.
text: BACK AT THE CAR
text: Les is still rattled. Charles is better.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I think the muck saved the paint.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Mercedes,
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: We need a car wash, and then we're
dialog: going home.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (no sympathy)
dialog: Les, we're almost at Archie's. We
dialog: can’t turn back now.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (dead serious)
dialog: We're getting the car washed, and
dialog: then we're going home.
text: lying half dead on the ground, MOANS.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I don't think you want her in your
dialog: car, Les. I think she's about to
dialog: blow.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: He's right. It wouldn't hurt to
dialog: get her a soda or something.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Look, Les.
dialog: (pointing out a hose
text: coiled against a wall)
dialog: There's a hose right over here.
text: While we hose the car down, Charles
dialog: can go in here with Mercedes and
dialog: get her something to drink.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Charles?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (somewhat reluctant)
dialog: Sure.
text: Charles gathers up Mercedes and carries her in the side
dialog: entrance.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (a gonna’)
dialog: You have such baby soft skin.
text: Charles blushes. Dean grabs Les by the arm, to walk him over
text: to the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I want you to see something.
dialog: (motioning to the Caddie
dialog: on the ramp)
dialog: Look up there and tell me what's on
dialog: your mind.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Death.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Not you. The car. Does anything
dialog: strike you as odd?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: It's a Cadillac.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Not only is it a Cadillac, but it's
dialog: this one's clone. Exactly the same
dialog: year, color, wheels, everything.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: So.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I just want you to think about it.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Dean.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Fine. But just promise me you'll
dialog: think about it.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Can we hose the car down, now?
text: They walk back to their Caddie.
scene_heading: INT. SHAKEY'S - NIGHT
text: Charles and Mercedes in a booth. Slumped over on the table,
text: Mercedes looks dead. A WAITRESS walking by, gives Charles a
text: disdainful look.
scene_heading: EXT. SHAKEY'S - PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Hosed down, the car looks like new again. Les is relieved.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Have you been thinking about the
dialog: car?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: What's this all about, Dean?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Just listen to what I have to say
dialog: and don't interrupt me until I'm
dialog: through. Okay?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Fine.
scene_heading: INT. SHAKEY'S - NIGHT
text: We hear Les' reaction echo through the restaurant.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR FUCKING
dialog: MIND? !?!?
text: Everyone looks up.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE IN
scene_heading: THE PARKING LOT
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: I will not do that! I will not
dialog: switch cars! You're a nut!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: You'll never get an opportunity
dialog: like this again, as long as you
dialog: live.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We'll cruise up to Archie's without
dialog: worrying about scratching the
dialog: paint, dirtying the interior, or
text: smashing the car. Look at the car,
dialog: Les. Not a scratch.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you ask me, it's a sign from the
text: Mr. Goodwrench in the sky.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I don't believe in Mr. Goodwrench.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: There's still time to convert.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE SICK SAM'S - NIGHT
text: Les and Dean stand below the Cadillac ramp. lLes' eyes are
dialog: getting wider.
dialog: Les looks
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You worked real hard for that
dialog: license you have in your wallet.
dialog: You've had sixteen years of
dialog: humiliation, begging for lifts from
dialog: people who couldn't give a shit
dialog: about your image. That wasn't
dialog: easy. I know. You had to stand
dialog: and watch as all the pretty girls
dialog: in our grade drove away smiling in
text: some older jerk's car, and grin and
dialog: bear it when the girl of your
dialog: dreams asked you what kind of car
dialog: you drove. But that's all over
dialog: now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That thing in your wallet is not
text: just an ordinary piece of paper,
dialog: Les. It's a license, an automobile
dialog: license. But it's not even just an
dialog: automobile license, it's a license
dialog: to live. Did you hear me, Les? A
dialog: license to live, to be free, to go
dialog: wherever you want, whenever you
dialog: want, with whoever you choose.
dialog: That license in your pocket is the
dialog: single most liberating document
dialog: you'll come across in your whole
dialog: life. I would die to have one.
dialog: ahead. I think he's sold.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Les, to live in fear, is not to
dialog: live at all.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: What about getting the car back?
speaker_heading: DEAN
text: A breeze. If the attendant's
dialog: awake, we use Charles as a decoy.
text: He looks old enough.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Tiny and sleazy. Les and Dean's reflection CAN BE SEEN in
text: the window. A radio plays some easy listening music. An old-
text: timer with a single strand of hair slicked back lounges in
text: his chair, fast asleep. His name tag reads, SICK SAM. A
text: REVOLVER sits in a half open desk drawer. Les and Dean don't
dialog: see it.
text: The CADILLAC KEY is clearly marked, on the board above him.
text: Opposite the board, there is a hole for people to talk
text: through. Dean tries the door. It's locked. He looks at Les
text: as if to say, "At least we tried." Les signals for him to
dialog: wait a second.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANDPA'S CADILLAC - CLOSE ON THE TRUNK - NIGHT
text: as it lifts open. The blanket, and cooler, and the golf
text: clubs. Les reaches into the golf bag and pulls out a BALL
speaker_heading: FETCHER.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OFFICE BOOTH - NIGHT
text: The ball fetcher extends through the hole, barely grasping
text: the Cadillac key. As Les gently pulls it back, the keys fall
text: and land on Sick Sam's shoulder. They sit there like bird
dialog: shit.
text: Les maneuvers the ball fetcher like a fine surgeon, lifting
text: the keys off Sick Sam's shoulder. He pulls them out. A big
text: sigh. Dean reaches into the office and turns up the radio.
dialog: LES RUNS UP THE RAMP
text: and gets inside the car. The interior is so white, it's
text: eerie. He slips the Caddie into neutral, and carefully rolls
text: it down the ramp, backwards. Dean pushes him out of the lot.
scene_heading: INT. SHAKEY’S - NIGHT
text: A bored Charles, a couple of cokes, and Sleeping Beauty.
scene_heading: EXT. ROLLER COASTER RAMP - NIGHT
text: Grandfather's Cadillac rests on the ramp just as the other
text: one did. Only this one has a front license plate that reads
speaker_heading: GRANDPA.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: AT THE OFFICE BOOTH
text: Les switches the rental key with Grandpa's key, and then
text: attaches it to the ball fetcher. He reinserts it in through
text: the hole, and places it back up on the hook.
scene_heading: EXT. RENTAL CADDIE - NIGHT
text: Les and Dean, all smiles, quietly get into the Caddie. They
text: drive across the street.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SHAKEY'S - NIGHT
text: Leaving. Les carries a green Mercedes. Dean holds a steaming
text: hot slice of pizza. A perplexed Charles carries the cokes.
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC - CLOSE ON THE TRUNK - NIGHT
text: It flips open.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: I don't know if this is a good
dialog: idea.
text: Les holds Mercedes. Charles and Dean remove the clubs and
dialog: the cooler.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What are you talking about? Ina
dialog: half hour there's gonna be babes
dialog: all over us. She'll kill it for
dialog: us.
text: As Les places her down in the trunk, she opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES' P.O.V. - LES
text: Holding her. He smiles. Looks like Gene Kelly. He lays her
text: down gently, and then covers her with the blanket. She may
text: as well be in her own bed. She's in another world.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: In all your life, did you ever
dialog: imagine you'd see a Mercedes fit in
dialog: the trunk of a Cadillac?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I feel bad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: For her? That trunk is bigger than
dialog: my bedroom.
text: Les gently lowers the trunk.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (sweet)
dialog: Turn the light off, Daddy.
text: The trunk closes. The SCREEN BECOMES BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Factories, plants, warehouses... The Caddie speeds along.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADILLAC
text: Pepsi cups on the dash. ROCK on the RADIO. Les is a new
text: Man. Charles is very confused. Dean, wearing funky
text: sunglasses and a corny golf visor, is stretched out in the
text: backseat between the golf clubs and the cooler. He stuffs
text: his face with pizza.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
text: The radio works.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I fixed it.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Whoops, I just dropped some pizza
text: on the seat.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Leave it, Deano. I'll get it
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What's going on? An hour ago you
dialog: were afraid one of us would fart in
dialog: here, and now you don't even flinch
text: when Dean drops tomato sauce on the
dialog: seats. Don't you care about what
dialog: happens to the car?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (a la Dean)
dialog: Sure I care. But, there's
dialog: something special about tonight,
dialog: Charles...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES (cont'd)
dialog: about Mercedes, about the car
dialog: surviving the spinout without even
dialog: a scratch, about us, being in a
text: car, alone, without any parents.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Charles, we've been waiting for
dialog: this night for sixteen years. If I
dialog: have to worry about farts and
dialog: tomato sauce now, when I'm twenty-
dialog: five I'll be living in a room with
dialog: rubber walls.
text: Dean leans over, CRANKS THE VOLUME UP, HOWLS with excitement.
speaker_heading: DEAN
text: RELAX, CHARLES!!! THERE'S NOTHING
dialog: TO WORRY ABOUT!!!
scene_heading: INT. SICK SAM'S OFFICE BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Sick Sam, snoring now, leaning way back in his chair,
text: flinches and sends his chair tipping over backwards. He
text: wakes up, startled.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Mom, wide awake, finishes her herring and mayonnaise
text: sandwich. Dad tries to sleep. Late night news is on TV. A
text: FEMALE CORRESPONDENT stands in a CROWD OF PROTESTERS. They
text: circle peacefully with placards, rhythmically chanting: “WE
text: ARE ONE WITH THE INFINITE SUN, FOREVER AND EVER AND EVER...”
speaker_heading: ANCHORWOMAN
text: I'm standing outside the gates of
dialog: Allied Technologies, where a group
dialog: of peaceful protesters have
dialog: gathered to demonstrate against the
dialog: late night transportation of
dialog: military hardware through our city
dialog: streets...
scene_heading: EXT. DEMONSTRATION - NIGHT
text: Outside the gates of ALLIED TECHNOLOGIES. Dozen of
text: PROTESTERS hold hands and chant. Several POLICE CARS pull
text: up. Police step out and disperse. Natalie looks on
text: nervously. Karl chants.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Karl, I don't have a good feeling
dialog: about this. Can we go home?
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Go home? Natascha, we can't be
dialog: patsies to the military industrial
dialog: complex. The survival of the
dialog: planet is in our hands.
dialog: She isn't sold.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED TWO LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The Cadillac zips by, on its way to:
scene_heading: ARCHIE'S ATOMIC BROILER
dialog: High tech fifties, it's more fantastic than Dean described.
dialog: It's the most spectacular curb service hangout on the planet.
text: Rock and Roll blasts through the sound system. Beautiful
text: people dance, mingle, and lean up against their stylish,
text: squeaky clean cars, sipping cokes and eating ice cream
dialog: sundaes.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CADILLAC - THE BOYS
text: pull to a stop on the lip of its entrance, their faces aglow,
text: their mouths hang open. We HOLD AT A DISTANCE as the Caddie
text: pulls into Archie's and parks beside a WHITE STUDEBAKER
text: that's pulling out. They get out to order.
text: WITH THE BOYS - WALKING UP TO ORDER
text: Chrome glistens. You can see your reflection on every
dialog: surface, it's more than immaculate. And the women... More
text: than any man can handle, even Dean. Busty, curvaceous
text: "TARTS" on roller skates, their hair flowing in the wind,
text: whisk in between and around the cars.
text: Dean spots THREE SUGAR SWEET GIRLS staring at them.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (to Les and Charles)
dialog: Order for me, I'll get dessert.
text: Dean veers off. The girls smile at him when they see him
text: coming. Les and Charles get on line to order.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHIE'S COUNTER - MOMENTS LATER
text: TWO TRAYS slide out, overflowing with golden french fries,
text: juicy burgers, and bubbly cokes... a carbonated mist.
text: Charles and Les step away from the counter with their trays.
text: They walk back to the Caddie and attach the trays to the
dialog: windows. They get:
scene_heading: INTO THE CADDIE
text: Dean jumps in, all smiles.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: It's all set, they'll be here ina
dialog: couple of minutes. One for each of
dialog: us.
text: A BLACK CAR pulls in beside them, while Les passes out the
text: fries and the cokes, placing his and Charles' on the dash.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'll never doubt you again, Dean.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: My dreams never get this good.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: My fantasies never get this good.
dialog: And this is only the beginning.
text: As Charles reaches for the burgers, the SALT SHAKER goes
text: flying. Dazed and starving, Charles swings open the door...
text: CHINK as the door slams open against the car they're parked
text: beside. They turn:
scene_heading: IT'S THE BLACK GTO
text: Charles stands there looking silly. The INSANE DRIVER and
text: his TWO CRAZY FRIENDS, swigging on bottles of whiskey, get
text: out of the GTO and surround Charles. He wilts back into the
text: Caddie, slamming the door behind him. Some of the food falls
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Dean can't believe what's happened.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Jesus. It's those maniacs from the
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: Roll up the windows! Quick! Roll
dialog: them up!
text: As the window zips up, Dean reaches for a burger, and just
text: barely grasps one. The window closes on his hand and the
dialog: burger.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Charles, you spasticated idiot.
text: The window zips down and up. Dean pulls his hand in and drops
text: the burger. The burgers and sundaes are still on the trays.
text: They watch like kittens as the three DROPOUTS inspect:
scene_heading: THE DAMAGE - CLOSE ON THE GTO DOOR
text: There's definitely A PAINT CHIP. Nothing major, but enough
text: for three homicidal maniacs to slaughter three innocent kids
dialog: over.
text: While the two buddies stare maniacally at Charles, the driver
text: reaches into the car and pulls out the baddest looking TIRE
text: IRON you've ever seen. He signals with his index finger for
text: the boys to get out of the car.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (starting the car)
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What the hell are you doing, Les?
dialog: You can't back away from these
dialog: motherfuckers, they're just toying
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Dean, those motherfuckers are
dialog: MOTHERFUCKERS. I wouldn't mess
dialog: with them or anyone related to
dialog: them.
text: The Driver, swinging the tire iron, jumps up on the front
text: hood. At the same time the THREE SWEET GIRLS Dean picked up
text: approach the Caddie. Dean ducks. Les pops the car into
text: reverse and fishtails out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Driver holds on as long as he can. Then he goes flying
text: off the hood. The food goes flying off the trays. The
text: French fries and cokes on the dash jerk back on the seats.
text: The two crazy friends laugh as the Caddie retreats with the
text: trays attached to the windows like toy wings. The Driver
text: gets up, angrier than hell. The buddies shiver in their
text: boots. The Driver jumps into the car. They're coming after
dialog: Les.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Les races away. Dean wants to cry. He turns. The girls
text: stand confused. Archie's fades in the distance. Charles
text: spots the dropouts getting into their car.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Shit! They're coming after us.
text: Les floors it. Cutting right across the path of a cop CAR
text: pulling into the parking lot.
speaker_heading: THE GTO DRIVER
text: revs his engine, then squeals back, without looking... SMASH.
text: Direct hit into the CAR. They're not going anywhere. PUSH
text: IN ON the GTO Driver. He looks back at the GTO's damage, then
text: watches as the Cadillac speeds away, cutting down a side
text: street. He wants blood. The driver of the smashed car looks
text: at the damage on his car then at the GTO driver. Sparks.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED AREA OF TOWN - NIGHT
text: The Caddie bombs down the street like a terrified cat.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED INDUSTRIAL FACTORY AREA - NIGHT
text: Lost. The Caddie sits at a fork in the road. The light
text: inside the car is on.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CADDIE - NIGHT
text: Dean looks over the directions his brother gave him.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Shoot me. Hang me. What can I
dialog: say? The directions were for
dialog: getting there, not for running
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (tired of Dean's attitude)
dialog: Well, it really doesn't matter at
dialog: this point, does it? Which way
dialog: should we go?
speaker_heading: DEAN CHARLES
dialog: Left. Right.
text: Les shakes his head.
text: We WATCH as the car veers to the right, and follow it as it
text: goes down the street and stops at a corner.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Les looks ahead, curiously.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - A PROCESSION OF TOW TRUCKS
text: travel in front of him, from right to left. Each one tows a
text: car: pickup trucks, Volkswagen Beetles, old tired-looking
text: American cars, all with faded paint. And then a showroom AUDI
text: 5000 TURBO, just like Les' mom's.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (o.s8.)
dialog: That AUDI looks just like my
dialog: mother's.
text: We HOLD ON it, then turn right, against the procession.
text: Ahead, we SEE a CROWD OF PEOPLE, a TV CREW, and some POLICE
speaker_heading: CARS.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (o.s8.)
dialog: What the hell is going on here?
scene_heading: EXT. DEMONSTRATION - NIGHT
text: The fervor grows in intensity. A sense of anticipation.
text: VOICES IN THE CROWD
dialog: Here they come! Here they come!
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (on a bullhorn)
dialog: PLEASE DISPERSE THE AREA!
text: PLEASE...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Karl and a frightened Natalie join hands with the others, all
text: looking up the road.
scene_heading: THE CROWD'S P.O.V. - THE CADILLAC
text: leads a huge-convoy of:
scene_heading: MILITARY HALF TRACKS
text: Five of them. Massive. The length of two football fields.
text: The hose from a Titan missile sticks out from a camouflaged
text: tarp, almost extending over the Cadillac.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE - WITH THE BOYS
text: Fear and confusion. Ahead, some ANGRY PROTESTERS lie on the
text: road, blocking their way, while others run towards the
dialog: Caddie.
scene_heading: EXT. DEMONSTRATION - NIGHT
text: The Caddie trudges along, as protesters swarm the car and
dialog: convoy.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (on a bullhorn)
scene_heading: PLEASE DISPERSE THE AREA,
speaker_heading: IMMEDIATELY!
text: Karl, dragging Natalie, runs with the crowd.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CADDIE - NIGHT
text: The car rocks. The guys hang on for their lives.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - HANDS SLAPPING THE WINDOWS
text: Angry faces. One of them is Karl.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I know that guy. He's my sister's
text: He sees his sister. She doesn't see him.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (blown away)
dialog: Oh shit! My sister!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Duck! If she sees us, I'm
dialog: finished.
text: Natalie is beside Karl, as he bangs on the hood like a
dialog: maniac.
text: Les peeks up. Karl's face is pressed against the driver's
text: side window.
text: Natalie sees Les. He sees her. She's in shock. Les pleads
text: through the glass, mouthing everything, making sure she'll
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Please! I beg of you! Don't tell
dialog: Daddy! I'll do anything! I
dialog: promise!
text: Natalie tries to get Karl to stop. In the b.g. we SEE Les
text: pleading, mouthing, "Please..."
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Les! What are you doing?!!! You
dialog: don't even have a...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: we SEE her mouth "license," but we don't hear it.
speaker_heading: THE CADILLAC
text: inches by Natalie. She looks at Les in an almost envious
text: manner, wishing she were there instead of here. We hear
scene_heading: POLICE SIRENS.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - ON THE TV
text: Live. Behind the reporter, the Cadillac crawls o.s.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: As you can see behind me, what
dialog: started as a peaceful protest, has
text: now mushroomed into a substantial
dialog: demonstration.
text: Mom and Dad sleep soundly.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: The Cadillac speeds away from the demonstration.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADILLAC
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: You don't know my sister, Dean.
dialog: She's been waiting for this moment
dialog: her entire life. When I was seven,
dialog: she woke my parents out of a deep
dialog: sleep to tell them I said the word
dialog: 'fuck.' I've gotta get home.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: How is getting home going to change
dialog: anything? She saw you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Does an escaped convict turn
text: himself in when he knows he's going
dialog: to be executed?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: If his mother is pregnant and
dialog: expecting any minute? YES! There
dialog: are no cars at home. My dad will
text: reinvent the guillotine if he finds
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. DEMONSTRATION - NIGHT
text: Cops arrest protesters left and right. Karl drags Natalie in
text: front of the Half Tracks. He pulls her down to the road,
text: joining others to block the convoy.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (lying down)
dialog: Natascha, can we please forget the
dialog: Cadillac and your brother? There
dialog: are far more significant issues in
dialog: this world.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: I don't consider my family an
dialog: insignificant issue. I've gotta
dialog: get home.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE (cont'd)
dialog: With my mother pregnant, there's no
dialog: possible way my father will let him
text: out with the second car.
text: Suddenly, COPS grab Karl and a shocked Natalie, and yank them
dialog: O.S.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The news coverage continues. Dad, half asleep, blindly aims
text: the remote control, trying to turn the TV off. He doesn't
text: notice Karl and a frightened Natalie being led into a PADDY
text: WAGON. The TV CLICKS off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The Caddie coasts along. Up ahead...
speaker_heading: AN OFFICER
text: waves cars over randomly with his flashlight. He signals the
text: Caddie. It's a DRUNK DRIVING ROADBLOCK.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Les is white. They pull in behind a CAR with its TRUNK
text: FLIPPED OPEN. While the PLASTERED DRIVER leans up against
text: the car, A COP examines his license under a flashlight.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: This is great. This is really
dialog: classic.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What are you sweating for Les? A
dialog: license is like a credit card.
dialog: Sooner or later, you gotta break
dialog: ‘em in.
text: Les is stung. A HUGE COP walks to the car, shines his
text: flashlight in Les' eyes, leans in, and inhales deeply. The
text: cop pauses... All of a sudden, we hear a HICCUP. The boys
text: lock at each other. It's Mercedes. The cop holds his look.
text: More hiccups. Dean and Charles pretend it's them.
speaker_heading: HUGE COP
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: License and registration.
text: Les doesn't move.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HUGE COP
dialog: License and registration, son.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What's the matter, Les? Give it to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: I left my license at home, Sir.
text: Charles and Dean look on in disbelief.
speaker_heading: HUGE COP
dialog: Then give me the registration anda
dialog: piece of I.D.
text: Pulling out his wallet, he hands the cop a SCHOOL I.D. CARD.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: This is all I have, Sir. I'm
dialog: afraid the registration is with my
dialog: license.
speaker_heading: HUGE COP
dialog: Alright. Sit tight.
text: The cop jots down the Caddie's license plate number and then
text: returns to his car, where he picks up the radio mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Why didn't you give him your
dialog: license, Les? What was that you
dialog: flashed in front of us before?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: My school I.D.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: How could you forget your license
dialog: your first night out?
dialog: Les can't hide it any longer...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I didn't.
dialog: (cleansing himself)
dialog: I failed my exam.
speaker_heading: CHARLES AND DEAN
dialog: You what?!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I failed. I got six wrong.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You mean to tell me you've been
dialog: driving around all night without a
dialog: license?
text: Les nods. Dean laughs like a mad man.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: At least you did one smart thing
dialog: tonight. You stole the car froma
dialog: family member. They're less likely
dialog: to press charges.
text: Les and Dean look at each other. Charles knows something's
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What's going on?
scene_heading: INT. COP CAR - NIGHT
text: Two cops. The huge cop holds Les' I.D.
speaker_heading: HUGE COP
dialog: Jesus Christ! This punk doesn't
dialog: even have a license!
text: The RADIO chatters: Something big is going on.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: We have a full emergency situation
dialog: at Allied Tech. A possible four-
dialog: fifteen, riot group... Stand by
dialog: for instructions.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (raging)
dialog: You traded cars? You traded cars?
dialog: Are you guys lunatics? People go
dialog: to prison for lesser crimes. We
dialog: have a future ahead of us...
dialog: transcripts, applications, resumes.
dialog: This'1ll go on our records. We're
dialog: scarred for life.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Nobody's going to jail, Charles.
dialog: We're juveniles.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Speak for yourselves.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Charles? Will you take a pill, or
dialog: something. Nothing's gonna happen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: The boys, SPREAD-EAGLED against the car. They're being
text: frisked. Charles gives Dean a look.
speaker_heading: HUGE COP
dialog: (to Les)
dialog: Would you mind opening the trunk
dialog: for me?
text: The boys swallow at the same time. Les takes the key from
text: the ignition, and walks slowly, very slowly, to the trunk.
speaker_heading: LES' HAND
text: shakes as he tries to fit the key in the key hole.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COP CAR
text: The radio is loud and clear.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Emergency fifty-four zero five!!!
dialog: Fifty-four zero five! Maximum
dialog: assistance is required.
text: BACK AT THE CADILLAC TRUNK
text: Les slips the key in. He's about to turn it... Suddenly, we
text: hear a VERY LOUD SIREN. They look up.
speaker_heading: THE COP
text: leaps from his car, siren wailing, screaming and motioning
dialog: for his partner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Let's go! Fifty-four zero five in
dialog: progress!!!
text: The huge cop takes off. As the cop car speeds away, Les
text: doesn't know whether to smile or to cry.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Piece of cake, Les. Let's go get
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: INT. SICK SAM'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Sam tidies up. He pulls out the REVOLVER, checks it, and
text: puts it in his shoulder holster. He then takes the CASH from
text: the register and puts it in a CASH BOX. Humming a happy
text: tune, he reaches along the wall to click a switch. He looks
text: at the lot's sign:
scene_heading: SAM'S P.O.V. - SICK SAM'S 24 HOUR RENT-A-CAR
text: The lights behind "24 HOUR" go off. It now reads: "Sick
dialog: Sam's Rent a Car.”
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: Les is parked down the street from the car lot. They can just
text: see the "Grandpa" Caddie up on its "throne."
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Now remember, Charles, make it
dialog: sound like you've got a lot of
dialog: money to spend, but insist on a
dialog: test drive. Without one, you're
dialog: not interested. Can you handle
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Do I have a choice?
text: They both look at him.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Whenever you're ready.
text: Charles hesitates, then gets out of the car. But before he
text: can take two steps, he stops dead in his tracks. In plain
text: sight THE CADILLAC IS BEING BACKED DOWN THE RAMP. Les
text: squeaks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I am dead. I am so dead, they're
dialog: gonna have to bury me twice.
scene_heading: INSIDE GRANDPA'S CADDIE
text: rolling down the ramp. The cash box sits beside Sick Sam.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: Silence. They watch the Cadillac squeal out of the lot.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (jamming the car in gear)
dialog: We don't have any choice. We
dialog: follow him.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: How do you know where he's going
dialog: and when he'll stop?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: He's got to live somewhere around
dialog: here.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Les travels a few car lengths behind Sam.
speaker_heading: INSIDE LES' CADDIE
text: 6.1 on the nerve scale. The GAS RESERVE LIGHT flashes.
text: They're running out of gas.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (whimpering)
dialog: Why couldn’t've you have stolen a
dialog: Honda or a diesel Rabbit, something
dialog: with better highway mileage?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Charles, I know it's uncomfortable
dialog: sitting in wet diapers, but can you
dialog: just quit crying for a minute?
dialog: (back to business)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN (cont'd)
dialog: Les, I'd say at the most, you have
text: thirty miles in the reserve tank,
dialog: at the least, you have ten.
scene_heading: LES ZEROES OUT THE TRIP MILEAGE RECORDER
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S CADDIE - NIGHT
text: Sam fiddles with the radio. Sinatra:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Sam passing through a burnt-out slum neighborhood, signals to
text: turn off. Les follows:
scene_heading: EXT. BOMBED OUT NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
dialog: Deserted streets. A ghost town. Scarier and scarier. You
dialog: wouldn't want to run out of gas here, even in an armored car.
speaker_heading: INSIDE LES' CADDIE
text: The mileage recorder reads twelve. Les follows a block
dialog: behind.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - SICK SAM
text: cuts down a NARROW ALLEY. Les waits a moment, then follows,
text: turning off his lights.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Sam drives very slowly. At the end of the alley, we SEE a
text: NEON BAR SIGN flickering. Sam drives out of the alley and
text: parks in front of the bar.
speaker_heading: INSIDE LES' CADDIE
text: Les coasts to the lip of the alley and puts the car in park.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I've heard of being hard up for a
dialog: drink, but this is ridiculous.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I don't think I'd want to go in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I don't think the Terminator would
dialog: want to go in there.
speaker_heading: INSIDE SAM'S CADDIE
text: Sam places the cash box on the floor of the passenger side,
text: under the dash. He gets out and lumbers into the bar.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADILLAC
text: Dean leans in between Les and Charles. They're strategizing.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (to Dean)
dialog: As goon as you see me turn the
text: lights on, pull in behind me. And
text: leave his key in the ignition.
dialog: It's the least we can do.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What about the hide-a-key? What
dialog: happens if it's not there?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: It better be there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you ready?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Les, I was born ready.
text: Les gets out of the car, sprints down the alley and across
text: the street. Dean jumps over into the driver's seat.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Les, down on his hands and knees, feels under the back bumper
text: of Grandpa's Caddie... Nothing! He runs to the front bumper.
text: We hear the familiar sound of a REVVED ENGINE. And then we
text: hear "DUM, DUM, DaDUM... DUM, DaDUM, DaDUM, DaDUM."
text: Les lays down as flat as possible, rolling beneath the
dialog: Caddie.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - FRONT UNDERNEATH THE CAR
text: The tires of the GTO approach just as Les spots the HIDE-A-
text: KEY BOX. He opens it up. The key sparkles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE - CHARLES AND DEAN
text: watch as the black GTO, scratched and dented from their duel,
text: pulls up behind the Caddie.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Holy shit!
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE GTO
dialog: Revenge. You can smell it.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hey, that's the Caddie that fucked
dialog: us up. Let's thrash it, man.
text: They open their doors.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - BOOTS WALK TOWARDS HIM
dialog: 
text: Cowboy boots, construction boots, the tip of a TIRE IRON, and
text: a SLEDGEHAMMER. All of a sudden he hears the shattering of
dialog: glass.
text: ONE OF THE DROPOUTS
text: kicks in the headlights with his cowboy boot. The driver
text: pounds the bumper with a sledgehammer. The third guy hacks
text: off the side mirrors, hubcaps, and the windshield wipers with
text: a tire iron.
speaker_heading: LES
text: cringes with each blow. He can't take it any more. Witha
text: burst of confidence he pops up from beneath the Caddie.
text: Shocked, the dropouts stop their destruction. Les checks out
text: the damage. Takes charge.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Hey. Hey! What the hell do you
dialog: think you're doing, man?
text: (motioning to the driver
dialog: holding the sledgehammer )
dialog: Gimme that.
text: The driver doesn't move. He's too stunned.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Come on! What are you, attached to
dialog: it? Gimme it!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES (cont'd)
dialog: (grabbing it out of the
dialog: driver's hand)
dialog: You think you geniuses know how to
dialog: wreck a car? I'll show you turkeys
dialog: how to fuck one up.
text: Les grabs the sledgehammer and as convincingly as possible
text: winds up, rolls his eyes, looks for help from God, and
text: smashes the front bumper. To everyone's surprise the bumper
text: falls off, crashing to the ground. Les can't believe it.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: That's how you fuck one up.
text: (pointing to the dislodged
dialog: side mirror)
dialog: None if this pansy side mirror
dialog: shit. My grandmother could knock
text: that off with a walking stick.
dialog: (throwing the sledgehammer
dialog: back to the driver)
dialog: Here's your Teddy Bear back.
text: The dropouts are blown away by Les' performance.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Charles and Dean watch, unbelieving, as the dropouts start to
text: close in on Les. Les shuffles backwards, toward the bar.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: We gotta do something.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BAR
text: Les continues his act. They're looking meaner.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Now, I'm gonna walk inside this
dialog: shit hole, plant my bad ass down at
dialog: the bar, and get messed up. And
dialog: when I walk outta here in about
dialog: twenty minutes you candy-assed
dialog: faggots better not be playing with
dialog: my ride.
dialog: (pointing to the GTO)
dialog: Otherwise I'm gonna have to show
dialog: you dudes how a one-man wrecking
dialog: crew acts when he feels like
text: throwing a party.
text: Les turns, walks away, checking over his shoulder to see
text: their reaction. They don't buy it. They follow him in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: BACK AT THE CADDIE
text: Dean and-Charles slip out of the Cadillac.
text: LES WALKS INTO THE BAR
text: He just went from the frying pan into the fire.
scene_heading: LES' P.O.V. - AS HE KICKS OPEN THE DOORS TO THE BAR
text: This is where death hangs out. Everything stops. The music,
text: the "patrons", even the rats. They all stare. There's not a
text: guy in the bar that hasn't belted his girlfriend in the last
text: twenty-four hours. Sick Sam sits in the back corner with DOG
speaker_heading: WOMAN.
speaker_heading: LES
text: walks to the bar, like the town's new sheriff. The
text: floorboards creak beneath his white Reeboks. The dropouts
dialog: stay back, cautiously. Les may as well be tarred and
dialog: feathered.
text: TWO BEASTS with their "DEBUTANTE" GIRLFRIENDS make room for
text: Les at the bar. THE BARTENDER, a cross between Ivan the
text: Terrible and Ivan the Worst, leans over; nose to nose with
dialog: Les.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (rough sadistic voice)
dialog: We just ran out of Kool-Aid.
text: Les chuckles, confidently, trying not to look intimidated.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (dead serious)
text: Bourbon. Straight up.
text: Les turns around to look at all his dead relatives. Nobody
text: in the bar has flinched or said a word. We SEE Dean and
text: Charles looking in from outside. Les turns back to the bar.
text: The SHOT GLASS is there, overflowing with bourbon.
text: This is a kid who's never had a drink in his life. He picks
text: it up, checks it against the light, then downs it... It may
text: as well have been Drano. He can't swallow... He SPITS IT
text: OUT across the bar, trying to look macho. Before there can
dialog: be any reactions from the peanut gallery...
text: He leans over, an inch from the Bartender.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (imitating the Bartender's
dialog: voice)
dialog: I thought you said you ran out of
dialog: Kool-Aid.
text: The Bartender's confused. Everyone's confused. What's up?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: How 'bout something with a little
text: body... something with some heat on
dialog: it.
text: Challenged, the Bartender reaches under the bar, and pulls up
text: a three quarter's full bottle of the Devil's mouth wash.
text: There's no label on it, only a FIVE-INCH WORM rests on the
text: bottom. The Bartender pours hima glass. Everyone gathers
text: around him, the dropouts as well.
text: Beads of sweat dot Les' forehead. Sixteen years, all coming
text: down to this moment. Coolly, he pushes the glass aside.
text: CONFUSION. He grabs the bottle. The crowd GASPS! Oddly, he
text: pours the alcohol into his hand, through his fingers. It
text: spills onto the bar, until he's left holding THE WORM in the
text: palm of his hand.
text: He takes the worm between his thumb and index finger, tilts
text: his head back, and in one motion drops it into his mouth and
text: swallows. INSTANT RESPECT. A ROAR OF APPROVAL. Within
text: seconds the music is back on and the place returns to
dialog: "normal."
text: Proudly, Les spins to look out at all his new friends, only
text: to see the DROPOUTS menacingly surround him.
speaker_heading: THE DRIVER
dialog: Step outside, worm, we've got a job
dialog: to finish.
dialog: Les looks around for help. Forget it. In a joint like this
dialog: you have to do more than swallow a worm. He grabs THE
text: BEAST'S beer from the bar behind him.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (shoving The Driver)
dialog: Back off, man. Don't crowd me.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: (stepping towards him to
dialog: kill him)
dialog: Why you...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: But before the driver can do anything, Les whips the beer
text: over his own shoulder, drenching the Beast behind him. And
text: then he tosses the empty glass at the driver, who, of course,
text: catches it. Les steps aside. The Beast whirls around... and
text: who does he see holding the glass? The driver with his two
text: buddies on either side of him.
text: The Beast winds up and nails the driver, sending the three
text: dropouts flying onto a table full of beers. As a MACK TRUCK
text: at the table is about to hit one of the dropouts, A DEVILISH
text: BAR GUY POPS UP IN FRONT OF THE CAMERA, screaming:
speaker_heading: BAR GUY
dialog: (excited -- a la John
dialog: Belushi in "Animal
dialog: House")
text: BAR FIGHHHHHHT!!!!!
dialog: From out of nowhere, the biggest fist you've ever seen
text: punches through the Bar Guy like a drill press. KNOCK OUT!!!
text: Suddenly WW III erupts. Les, dodging heavy artillery, heads
dialog: for the exit.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BAR
text: Charles and Dean run back to the Caddie. Les jumps into
text: Grandpa's Caddie, starts her up, and takes off.
text: Dean and Charles shoot into the vacant parking space in Sam's
text: Caddie. They bail out with the golf clubs and cooler.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE BAR
text: Sam nonchalantly weaves his way through the fight. He
text: approaches the CIGARETTE MACHINE by the front window.
text: Checking his change, he hears a SCREECH outside the bar. He
text: leoks out.
scene_heading: SAM'S P.O.V. - HIS SHINY CADILLAC
dialog: As if nothing happened.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDPA'S CADILLAC - BACK WITH LES AND THE BOYS
text: Bombing down the street. Jubilation. Laughter. Dean, now
text: in the front seat, has discovered the cash box.
text: Suddenly, Les HITS THE BRAKES. A FORTY FOOT SKID! Les is
text: white as a ghost.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (shifts into reverse)
dialog: Mercedes.
speaker_heading: CHARLES AND DEAN
dialog: Ohhhhhh shitttttiii¢it:
text: LES TURNS AROUND - LOOKING BACK AT A BAD DREAM
text: Sam's Cadillac is a few blocks away. He steps on it,
text: squealing backwards, until he's right beside it.
scene_heading: DEAN AND LES JUMP OUT
text: Dean reaches into Sam's Caddie, grabs the key, and opens the
text: trunk. Les pulls Mercedes out. Dean puts the key back.
text: Charles throws the cash box into Sam's backseat.
scene_heading: MERCEDES' P.O.V. - LES - AS SHE OPENS HER EYES
text: Cradling her again. Gary Cooper smiles. She wraps her arms
text: around him, cuddling, and closes her eyes.
text: Les throws her into the backseat.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE BAR
text: Sam turns away from the Bartender with the proper change.
text: Through the window, he sees his open trunk. HE SEES LES
dialog: getting into the Caddie. AND:
dialog: LES SEES HIM!!!
text: Les' biggest nightmare. He dives into the car and bullets
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: INSIDE LES' CADDIE
text: Howls. Hoots. They've never been so happy and relieved.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: flies out of the bar, GUN DRAWN. Aiming at the Caddie racing
text: away, he cocks his gun...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: More howls and hoots. There's joy in Mudville.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: We did it! Man, we did it!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Awesome, Les. That was hall of
dialog: fame material.
text: BOOM!!! A GUN SHOT blows out the back window. Les looks up
text: in his mirror, and sees Sam standing back in the distance.
text: Les makes a quick left...
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Sweeping through the turn, Les clips his back end against a
text: pile of garbage cans and a lamp post. His BACK BUMPER GOES
text: FLYING.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. SAM'S CADDIE
text: Sam, getting into his shiny Caddie, notices the cash box. He
dialog: relaxes. There's no reason to chase the boys.
speaker_heading: INSIDE LES' CADDIE
text: Mercedes begins to come around. She opens her eyes and
dialog: speaks.
scene_heading: MERCEDES' P.O.V. - LES' SMILE
text: as he drives with intensity
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (o.s.; feeling the
dialog: effects)
dialog: I'm sorry. I must have dozed off.
text: Dean leans over, two inches from her face.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You didn't miss a thing.
text: She closes her eyes. They laugh like hyenas.
scene_heading: INT. PARENT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Mom lying on top of the covers, WINCES AND GRABS FOR HER
text: STOMACH. She lets the contraction subside. She turns on the
text: light, looks at her watch, then looks over at sleeping Dad.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL HOLDING CELL - NIGHT
text: Natalie sirs alone, concerned. Karl chants with a group of
text: protesters. An AGED HIPPIE sings, "Where Have All The
dialog: Flowers Gone?"
scene_heading: EXT. DEAN'S HOUSE - DAWN
text: Charles and Dean slip out of the car. Charles gently closes
text: the door.
text: Les looks at a sleeping Mercedes. Dean and Charles look in.
text: They whisper to each other.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: License or no license, Mario, that
text: was one intense display of driving.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You could be the only sixteen-year-
dialog: old in the country to open a stunt
dialog: driving school without a license.
text: Les smiles.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: And as far as a first night out
dialog: with a car goes, you've set the
dialog: standard. It's gonna be a tough
dialog: one to top.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Thank God you don't get your
dialog: license for a few months.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What are you gonna tell Sleeping
dialog: Beauty?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I don't know. I may not...
text: Mercedes groans, moves around. Les signals silence. The
text: boys freeze. They wave good-byes. Les pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM -— DAWN
text: The light is still on. Mom winces and grabs her stomach
text: again. She checks her watch. Another wince. Dad sleeps.
scene_heading: EXT. MERCEDES' HOUSE - DAWN
dialog: 105.
text: Signs of the sun. Les carries Mercedes to her front door.
text: She groggily relates her perception of the evening to Les.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: The dream was so bizarre,
dialog: Les. As
dialog: if I was trapped inside the trunk
text: of a car. And then suddenly the
dialog: trunk flipped open and there you
dialog: were, rescuing me. It was so
dialog: weird.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: It sounds kinda crazy.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: It was, I know it sounds
dialog: unbelievable. But somehow you were
dialog: always there, Les, to hold me, like
dialog: you are right now. I felt so safe
dialog: and...
dialog: (touching his cheek)
dialog: «--SO warm.
text: Les, too in love to speak, stands her up on her doorstep.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: I'm sorry I was such a sleepyhead
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: You must have been so bored.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Don't be silly. For me it was non-
dialog: stop action.
text: Charmed, she moves closer to him.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: When can we go out again?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Right now would be great,
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Honestly? Tonight may be
dialog: time anyone sees me.
dialog: actually.
dialog: the last
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Why? What happened?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: It's a long complicated story. I'm
dialog: not sure you'd want to hear it,
dialog: Mercedes.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Does it have a happy ending?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: It has, so far.
text: She smiles at his allusive compliment and moves even closer.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Hopefully one day I'll get to tell
dialog: you how it ends... if I live.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
dialog: Well, I'll be waiting, Les.
dialog: She loves him. He loves her. She gives him the softest
dialog: sweetest kiss a kid going to the electric chair would ever
text: want. He returns the favor with the most passionate kiss
dialog: she'd ever want... the kind you break out of prison for.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - DAWN
text: Lights on. Mom breathes heavily.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Richard.
text: Dad grunts. She pushes him.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Richard, wake up. This is it.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - DAWN
text: Les, on a deserted corner, waits for the light to turn green.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAWN
text: Dad, half-dressed, ties Mom's shoes up. She winces.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: The baby?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: No. The laces are too tight.
scene_heading: EXT. STOPLIGHT - DAWN
text: Still waiting for the light. Waiting, waiting, it's green.
scene_heading: INT. ANDERSON HOUSE - DAWN
text: Dad, shirt hanging out, helps Mom out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDERSON GARAGE - DAWN
text: Les approaches the house.
scene_heading: INT. ANDERSON STAIRWAY —- DAWN
text: Dad helps Mom down the stairs.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Relax. Just try and breathe
dialog: naturally. We'll be in the car in
dialog: two seconds.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAWN
text: Sorry, Dad, no car in sight. The garage door inches open.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAWN
text: Dad helps Mom along, TWO STEPS AWAY FROM THE GARAGE. She
dialog: looks better. He's the crazy one.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: One more second, we're almost
dialog: there.
text: He swings the garage door open, without looking inside.
text: Behind him, it's empty. He's about to swing her around,
dialog: BUT...
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: I'm okay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: What do you mean, you're okay?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: It must have been gas. False
dialog: alarm. I feel fine now. I'm
dialog: sorry.
text: As Dad talks, we SEE the Cadillac coast in behind him.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Gas? Are you sure? The car's
dialog: right here.
text: Dad glances into the garage.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: I'm positive. It must have been
dialog: the herring.
dialog: (feeling guilty)
dialog: I feel terrible.
text: Dad, about to close the door, notices something.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: What's the matter?
scene_heading: INSIDE THE GARAGE
text: Even with the emergence of daylight, it's still too dark to
dialog: notice the condition of the Caddie.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Why is the garage door open?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Maybe Natalie left it open?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Why would she? She took the Audi.
scene_heading: DAD'S P.O.V. - OUTSIDE THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE
text: He sees the Audi is not back. Then he notices the hedges...
text: Locking around, he spots the tire tracks. Shock.
speaker_heading: MOM
text: stands at the lip of the garage, watches. Suddenly... she
text: doubles over in pain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Richard.
text: Forget it. He's in a trance.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Richard!
text: Dad turns and sees her hunched over. He runs to her aid.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (walking her to the car)
dialog: Okay, honey. Just try and breathe
dialog: normally. We'll be at the hospital
dialog: in a few...
text: Everything stops; his feet, his voice, his heart... As he
text: walks around the car we can hear his blood boiling.
text: The bumpers. The hubcaps. THE BACK WINDOW! Dad puts his
text: hand through it, unbelieving. He examines the severed
text: antenna, the mutilated wipers, then looks into the car.
scene_heading: DAD'S P.O.V. - LES LYING ON THE FLOOR
text: hiding, looking him straight in the eye. A frightened puppy.
speaker_heading: DAD
text: Ready to explode. Les slithers out the opposite door, away
dialog: from Dad, beside Mom.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Is there something wrong with your
dialog: bed, Les?
text: Les can't speak. Dad walks around the car. Les goes the
text: other way. They circle. Mom stands in between them, leaning
text: against the car. She doesn't look well, but there's no
dialog: stopping Dad.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Would you mind explaining to me
dialog: what size shark was responsible for
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I... ah...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Dad stops.
dialog: the garage
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les, I don't want to know. I don't
dialog: want to know. Save it for the
dialog: judge.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you have any notion of what
dialog: you've done this evening? What
dialog: this means to your future in this
dialog: house and on this planet?
text: They're still on opposite sides. Rudy appears at
text: door to the house, wearing his pajamas.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I have a feeling.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les, you couldn't even begin to
dialog: imagine what's in store for you.
dialog: We had a college fund set aside for
dialog: you.
dialog: (glancing at the Caddie)
dialog: That's gone. You had free room and
dialog: board, two trusting parents, anda
dialog: social life. That's gone. You had
text: a TV, a stereo, a baseball glove, a
text: tennis racket, a skateboard, a
dialog: bicycle. That's all gone. You
dialog: even had sunlight and a window in
dialog: your room. That's history. I'm
dialog: boarding the window up tomorrow.
dialog: And communication with the outside
dialog: world? You can forget about that.
dialog: It's all gone.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Richard.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Frankly, Les, I don't see what's
dialog: left... other than school and two
text: bus rides a day.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (stronger)
dialog: Richard.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: And don't even think about a
dialog: license.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Never?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les, as long as I'm alive
dialog: and I share the same last
dialog: you will never, not ever,
text: behind a steering wheel.
dialog: 111.
dialog: and you
dialog: name...
dialog: sit
dialog: The only
text: Dad comforts Mom.
dialog: great pain.
dialog: Dad looks
dialog: time you'll get close to one will
dialog: be on a bus and in your dreams.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All I can say, buddy boy, is that
dialog: you are damn lucky your mother
dialog: didn't go into labor tonight!
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (hunching over the car)
dialog: Richard! I am in labor!
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (running to her)
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Yes. My water just broke.
text: Loads her into the backseat. She is in
text: Dad tries to close the door. Mom grabs it.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Stay here. I want you to be with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: In the backseat? Who's gonna
dialog: drive?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Les can.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Les? Les who? Not this Les. No
dialog: way. Les is staying here. Rudy,
dialog: get back with your Mom.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Richard, please! It's been nine
dialog: months. That's long enough. Now
dialog: let's go.
text: at Mom, then Les. Eye to eye to eye to eye...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (from the heart)
dialog: I know I let you down, Dad. And
dialog: I'm as sorry as I can ever be that
dialog: I disappointed you, but as hard as
dialog: you try, you can't imagine what
dialog: I've learned tonight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please let me drive, Dad. I can do
dialog: it.
text: Dad thinks about it... He hands Les the keys, gripping his
text: hand tight.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (right up to his face)
dialog: All right, but try and drive like
dialog: you have a license.
text: Dad lets go of Les' hand and jumps in the back with Mom.
text: Rudy rides shotgun. Les buckles in.
scene_heading: THE MANGLED CADDIE
text: backs out of the garage, stops on the street, then squeals
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Mom is in pain. Dad holds her. Les grins.
scene_heading: INT. ANDERSON HOUSE - DAY
text: The phone RINGS AND RINGS...
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Natalie, on the phone. Curious, she hangs up. Karl stands
text: beside her, full of life. He doesn't care about her
dialog: problems.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Don't you feel invigorated? This
dialog: is just the beginning. There are
dialog: Many wars still to wage. You and
dialog: I, Natascha. Together we will
dialog: bring the running dog imperialists
text: to their knees.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (blunter than blunt)
dialog: Screw off, Karl! And by the way,
dialog: the name is Natalie, not Natascha!
text: She walks away, leaving a stunned, and at last, speechless
dialog: Karl.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Full speed ahead. NOT A SINGLE CAR IN SIGHT. The light
text: turns yellow, then a quick red. The Caddie's wheels lock. A
text: lennnnnng skid. Burnt rubber, as it screeches to a stop.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Rudy, Mom, and Dad, REBOUND from the sudden stop.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (pissed off)
dialog: Les? What the hell are you doing?
text: There's not a damn car in sight.
speaker_heading: LES
text: It's a red light.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les. We're rushing your mother to
text: the hospital, not a bridge game.
dialog: Go through it! Just get us there.
text: Les smiles, looks both ways, then tries to take off... Only
text: one problem: the engine is revving, but the Caddie's not
dialog: moving.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I don't know. I'm pressing on the
dialog: gas, but it won't go anywhere.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: It sounds like the transmission.
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Try the other gears.
text: Les tries them all. Nothing. Shifting into park, the car
text: JOLTS BACKWARDS as he passes REVERSE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (looking at Dad)
dialog: Only reverse works.
text: Dad doesn't like it. Mom is in more pain. She winces and
text: groans. Dad feels for her.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Alright, alright. But take it
dialog: easy.
text: Les loves it. He shifts into reverse, turns to look through
text: the back window, braces his arm behind the seat, and takes
dialog: off.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Popeye Doyle screeches the car around and peels away.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: The Caddie, in reverse, bombs down the street, its right turn
text: signal on. In the left lane is a long WEDDING PROCESSION.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Mom is in great pain. Les has to make the turn. He zips up
text: to the front of the line, then makes a sweeping left turn
text: from the middle lane, and because an OLD BLIND WOMAN is
text: shuffling across the street, Les is forced to go up ons:
speaker_heading: THE SIDEWALK
text: Boxed in by parked cars, the Caddie bombs through Sunday
text: papers and Sunday morning brunch tables. A WAITER putting a
text: RED tablecloth down on a table dives out of the way, like a
text: Matador teasing a bull. The Caddie flies through the
text: tablecloth.
text: A MOTORCYCLE COP ACROSS THE STREET
text: writing out a parking ticket, drops his pencil when he sees
text: the Caddie crash down off the sidewalk onto the street
text: joining the traffic. The Cop jumps on his motorcycle,
text: switches on his siren, and rockets away.
scene_heading: WITH THE CADDIE
text: weaving in and out of traffic: left turns, right turns, it's
text: incredible. We hear the SIREN. The Cop pulls up beside Les,
text: waving for him to pull over.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Dad tries to signal to the Cop that Mom's pregnant. The Cop
text: realizes what's going on. He waves for Les to "follow him,"
text: but he hasn't been looking ahead. Suddenly, his front tire
text: hits the back bumper of an ANTIQUE CONVERTIBLE. The Cop
text: somersaults over his handle bars into the car's front seat.
text: The DRIVER, a red-nosed Irishman, does a double-take, takes a
text: leck at the flask he's been nipping on, smiles, and takes
text: another swig.
text: BACK WITH THE CADDIE
text: bulleting down the street. The hospital is in sight. Les
text: has to catch a yellow light. A WATER MAIN has burst.
text: There's a HUGE PUDDLE. IN REVERSE, Les rockets through the
dialog: light. Here comes the puddle... Has he learned his lesson?
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CADDIE
text: Les eases his foot off the brake and coasts through. Spray
text: shoots out on either side, and SPLASHES through the back
text: window, soaking Mom and Dad. Rudy loves it. Dad alternates
text: between caring for Mom and fearing for his life.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Down the street from the hospital. Natalie leaves the
text: precinct. She does a triple-take when she sees her family
text: flash by backwards. She runs after them.
dialog: SUDDENLY!!!
text: A HUGE TRUCK backs out of a SKYSCRAPER CONSTRUCTION SITE. A
text: TOWERING CRANE attempts to lift a HEAVY LOAD OF STEEL GIRDERS
text: from the truck's flatbed. The girders hang out onto the
dialog: street...
text: The Caddie's headed straight for them. We hear a SCREECH!
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC - CLOSE ON THEIR FACES IN THE BACK WINDOW
dialog: Horror, as there's nothing they can do, except pray... ten
text: feet, five feet, a foot... Les swoops the car safely around
text: the girders and then screeches to a stop in a tow zone, in
text: front of the hospital. The emergency driveway is clogged.
text: Natalie runs to the car.
text: TWO ORDERLIES dash out to the car with a WHEELCHAIR. Dad
text: helps Mom out. Rudy and Natalie watch. Les stays in the
text: car. They rush Mom up the walk into the hospital. Dad looks
text: back. Les is standing by the destroyed Caddie, ashamed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Come here, Les.
text: Les looks down.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Les. Come here!
text: Les sheepishly makes his way over. Dad puts his arm around
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Where did you learn to drive like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: I don't know, Dad. TI guess last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: It must have been some crash
dialog: course.
text: Les laughs. Dad squeezes him, affectionately. The CAMERA
text: CRANES UP TO a bird's-eye view, high above the scene. Dad,
text: with his arm around his son, disappears into the hospital.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: Maybe we can fix the car before
dialog: Grandfather gets home. He'll never
dialog: notice.
text: Suddenly, CONSTRUCTION WORKERS begin shouting, and then
text: running for cover, scattering like ants. From the sky:
scene_heading: THE WHOLE BUNCH OF GIRDERS
text: CRASH down on Grandfather's Cadillac, DEMOLISHING it.
text: As the dust settles, the CAMERA CRAWLS its way into the heap
text: of junk until we CAN BARELY MAKE OUT the radio-tape deck. We
text: hear a click-click. The tape starts to play... Sinatra
dialog: "That's Life..."
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
