dialog: 
speaker_heading: LIFE OF PI
dialog: Written by
dialog: David Magee
dialog: Based on the original novel by
dialog: Yann Martel
scene_heading: 1 EXT. PONDICHERRY ZOO, INDIA, 1961 - DAY 1
text: CREDITS OVER: a magical fairy tale world in collage - images
text: of fantastic creatures striped and spotted, hoofed and
text: horned.
text: Goats and warthogs mingle in an open field; a baby giraffe
text: tries to reach leaves over a fence; rhinos roll happily in
text: rich red mud, looking like giant muddy boulders, while
text: nearby, black and white Malayan tapirs cool themselves in
text: watering holes.
text: Exotic monkeys with comical faces cling lovingly to one
text: another, swing from trees, climb over one another, prance and
text: screech; a probiscus monkey with a 'Jimmy Durante' nose
text: pointing out through the plane of the screen. Flamingoes
text: strut about in the aviary, their pink feathers reflected in
dialog: the water.
text: A sloth droops lazily from a tree branch, unfazed, while a
text: nearby hummingbird zips manically from flower to flower like
dialog: Tinkerbell...
text: ... the Pondicherry zoo is a children's paradise nestled in a
dialog: botanical garden.
speaker_heading: WRITER (V.O.)
dialog: You were raised in a zoo?
scene_heading: 3 EXT. PONDICHERRY ZOO, INDIA, 1961 - DAY 3
text: There's a flurry of activity in the animal clinic behind a
text: monitor lizard that wanders the main path. ZOO WORKERS gather
text: in the doorway, talking excitedly.
text: No one notices the lizard.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Born and raised in Pondicherry, in
dialog: what was the French part of India.
dialog: My father owned the zoo, and I was
dialog: delivered on short notice by a
dialog: herpetologist who was there to
text: check on the Bengal Monitor Lizard.
text: The zoo owner (FATHER - late 20s) hurries down the path as
text: quickly as his heavy leg brace will allow and hurries into
dialog: the animal clinic.
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Mother and I were both healthy...
text: The lizard crawls away.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: but the poor lizard escaped and was
text: trampled by a frightened
dialog: cassowary...
scene_heading: 5 INT. PI'S HOME, KITCHEN, MONTREAL - DAY 5
text: A modest row house. There is a French influence to the decor,
text: along with books and artwork that celebrate the spiritual.
text: PI PATEL (50 - intelligent, Indo-Canadian) cooks an Indian
text: meal. The often-skeptical WRITER (late 30s, a disheveled
dialog: French Canadian), watches Pi.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: The way of karma; the way of God.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: I assumed your father was a
dialog: mathematician - because of your
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Oh, far from it. I was named after
text: a swimming pool.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: There's a swimming pool named 'Pi?'
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
text: (He chuckles.)
dialog: You see, my uncle, Francis, was
dialog: born with too much water in his
dialog: lungs. They say the doctor swung
text: Francis around by the ankles to
dialog: clear the water out and that's what
dialog: gave him the huge chest and skinny
dialog: legs that made him such a great
dialog: swimmer.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: (Amused.)
dialog: Is Francis actually your uncle? He
dialog: said he was friends with your
dialog: father.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: I call him 'Mamaji,' my 'honorary
dialog: uncle' - my father's best friend,
dialog: my swimming guru.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. ASHRAM SWIMMING POOL, PONDICHERRY, 1966 - DAY 6
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: I trained with him three times a
dialog: week at the ashram. His lessons
dialog: would save my life in the end...
text: A young Indian boy - PI AT AGE FIVE - surfaces from a pool,
text: gasping. He looks up at the large chest and skinny legs of
text: Mamaji (late 30s). Mamaji reaches down to scoop Pi out of the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: MAMAJI
dialog: A mouthful of water will not harm
dialog: you - but panic will.
text: Mamaji carries Pi back over to the water's edge.
speaker_heading: MAMAJI (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember to breathe. Don't hold
dialog: your breath. Good boy.
text: Mamaji unceremoniously tosses Pi back in.
scene_heading: 7 INT. PI'S HOME, KITCHEN, MONTREAL - DAY 7
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: (Regarding lunch:)
dialog: I hope you don't mind vegetarian.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: No, not at all... And your name?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: You - you were going to tell me how
dialog: you got your name, I think.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: I got it from something Mamaji once
dialog: told my father. Most travelers
dialog: collect postcards or teacups on
dialog: their journeys - but not Mamaji.
dialog: Mamaji collects swimming pools.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (CONT'D)
dialog: He swims in every pool he comes
dialog: upon...
scene_heading: 8 EXT. THE PISCINE MOLITOR, PARIS, 1959 - DAY 8
text: Mamaji stands admiring the Piscine Molitor, a pool of
text: sparkling magnificence. Attractive French men and women in
text: bathing suits, the setting a celebration of idealized beauty.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: One day Mamaji said to my father
dialog: that of all the pools in the world,
dialog: the most beautiful was a public
dialog: pool in Paris. That the water there
dialog: was so clear you could make your
dialog: morning coffee with it, that a
dialog: single swim there changed his life.
text: Mamaji dives into the crystal clear water - and we follow,
text: taking in the divine miracle of his underwater journey across
dialog: the pool.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Before I was born, he said to my
dialog: father, "If you want your son to
dialog: have a clean soul, you must take
dialog: him one day to swim in the Piscine
dialog: Molitor." I never understood why my
dialog: father took this so much to
dialog: heart...
scene_heading: 9 INT. PI'S HOME, MONTREAL - DAY 9
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: ... but he did, and I was named
dialog: "Piscine Molitor Patel."
scene_heading: 10 EXT. PI'S PRIMARY SCHOOL, 1972 - DAY 10
text: PI (AGE 11) leans against the railing of a balcony, reading
dialog: "L'Ile Mysterieuse (The Mysterious Island)" by Jules Verne.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Imagine me trying to explain that
dialog: name to my schoolmates. I barely
dialog: made it to the age of eleven
dialog: before...
text: A boy (BULLY #1) calls up to him from the courtyard below.
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: BULLY #1
dialog: Hey PISCINE!
text: Pi glances down, all the boys in the courtyard watching him.
speaker_heading: BULLY #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you Pissing right now?
text: Pi freezes. The other boys laugh uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER BOY
dialog: Look at him he's Pissing!
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (VO)
dialog: With one word my name went from an
dialog: elegant French swimming pool to a
dialog: stinking Indian latrine. I was
text: Pissing everywhere.
scene_heading: 11 I/E. SCHOOLYARD, 1972 - DAY 11
text: BOYS in school uniform kick a ball. Pi attempts to join.
text: Bully #2 intercepts the pass.
speaker_heading: BULLY #2
dialog: No Pissing in the schoolyard!
scene_heading: 12 INT. SCIENCE CLASS, 1972 - DAY 12
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Even the teachers started doing it -
dialog: not deliberately, of course...
speaker_heading: SCIENCE TEACHER
dialog: So then - what might occur if we
dialog: release gas too quickly? Pissing?
text: Pi is aghast. Several students splutter and howl, whispering
text: the slip to others. Laughter ripples around the room, all
text: eyes on Pi.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: He said Pissing!
speaker_heading: SCIENCE TEACHER
dialog: That's enough - order!
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: When we returned the next year for
dialog: our first day of school, I was
dialog: prepared.
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: SC. 13 INT. INDIAN HISTORY CLASS, 1973 - DAY 13
text: Class is held in a large open room. Roll call.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Present sir.
scene_heading: HISTORY TEACHER
dialog: Piscine Patel...
text: PI - AGE 12, rises, crosses to the front.
speaker_heading: PI (AT 12)
dialog: Good morning. I am Piscine Molitor
dialog: Patel, known to all as...
dialog: (He writes "PI" on the
dialog: board.)
dialog: ... "Pi," the sixteenth letter of
dialog: the Greek alphabet...
text: Pi writes , then quickly charts out a general notion of the
text: concept on the chalkboard.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: ... which is also used in
dialog: mathematics to represent the ratio
dialog: of any circle's circumference to
dialog: its diameter - an irrational number
dialog: of infinite length, usually rounded
dialog: to three digits, as...
dialog: (He writes "3.14.")
dialog: 3.14. PI.
text: Pi underlines his name, faces the class.
scene_heading: HISTORY TEACHER
dialog: Very impressive, Pi. Now sit down.
speaker_heading: WRITER (V.O.)
dialog: And from then on you were Pi?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Well, no. Not quite ...
text: As Pi returns to his seat, Bully #2 leans forward,
dialog: whispering:
speaker_heading: BULLY #2
dialog: Nice try, Pissing.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: But I still had the whole day ahead
dialog: of me. French Class was next...
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: 14 INT. FRENCH CLASS, 1973 - DAY 14
text: Pi repeats his act in French, 3.14159265 on the board.
speaker_heading: PI (12)
dialog: Je m'appelle Piscine Molitor Patel -
dialog: dit'Pi'...
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Then Geography...
scene_heading: 15 EXT. GEOGRAPHY CLASS, 1973 - DAY 15
text: Class is held out of doors in a courtyard. Pi, at a portable
text: chalkboard, writes and says: 3.14159265358979323846.
speaker_heading: PI (12)
dialog: These are the first twenty decimal
dialog: places of Pi.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: My last class of the day was
dialog: Mathematics....
scene_heading: 16 INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY, 1973 - DAY 16
text: A LIBRARIAN runs down the hall, a huge book tucked under his
text: arm, followed by dozens of students. He reaches Pi's class,
text: pushes his way through the crowd.
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: Slowly, Slowly! Slowly, Slowly!
scene_heading: 17 INT. MATH CLASS, 1973 - CONTINUOUS 17
text: Close on Pi writing digits. Pull back - the entire chalkboard
text: is filled with numbers. All watching are stunned. The
text: librarian compares Pi's writing to the math book.
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: It is right... He's really doing
dialog: this!
text: Students clap and cheer - even the bullies. Several chant
text: along with him as he writes:
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: 1! 4! 9! 3! 1! PI! PI! PI!
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (VO)
dialog: By the end of that day, I was Pi
dialog: Patel, school legend.
scene_heading: 18 INT. PI'S KITCHEN - DAY 18
text: The writer laughs, then ventures onto a new topic.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Mamaji tells me you're a legend
dialog: among sailors, too. Out there all
dialog: alone -
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: I don't even know how to sail. And
dialog: I wasn't alone out there. Richard
dialog: Parker was with me.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Richard Parker...? Mamaji didn't
dialog: tell me everything. He just said I
dialog: should look you up when I got back
dialog: to Montreal.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: So what were you doing in
dialog: Pondicherry?
speaker_heading: WRITER
text: Writing a novel.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: By the way, I enjoyed your first
dialog: book. The new one, is it set in
dialog: India?
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: No, Portugal, actually. But it's
dialog: cheaper living in India.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Ah. Well, I look forward to reading
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: You can't. I threw it out. Two
dialog: years trying to bring it to life,
dialog: and then one day it sputtered,
dialog: coughed, and died.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: (Shrugs, making light of
dialog: it.)
dialog: I was in a coffee house in
dialog: Pondicherry one afternoon, mourning
dialog: my loss, when this old man at the
text: next table struck up a
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Yeah, Mamaji. He does that.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: When I told him about my abandoned
dialog: book, he said:
dialog: (Imitating Mamaji:)
dialog: "So... a Canadian who's come to
text: French India in search of a story.
dialog: Well, my friend, I know an Indian
dialog: in French Canada who has the most
dialog: incredible story to tell. It must
dialog: be fate that the two of you should
dialog: meet."
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: I haven't spoken about Richard
dialog: Parker in so many years... What has
dialog: Mamaji already told you?
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: He said you had a story that would
dialog: make me believe in God.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: (Pi laughs.)
dialog: He would say that about a nice
dialog: meal. As for God, I can only tell
dialog: you my story; you will decide for
dialog: yourself what you believe.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Fair enough.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Let's see, then - where to begin?
scene_heading: CUT TO: MONTAGE
scene_heading: OF PONDICHERRY,
dialog: 1954:
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. PONDICHERRY, SHORELINE 1954 - DAY 19
text: - The SHORELINE - Bicycles and pedestrians; policemen in
text: round, flat-top French hats.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Pondicherry is the "French Riviera
dialog: of India." In the streets closest
dialog: to the ocean, you might think you
dialog: were in the South of France.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. ASHRAM STREET, 1954 - DAY 20
text: - Grey ASHRAM buildings, which give way to images of...
scene_heading: 21 EXT. PONDICHERRY CANAL, 1954 - DAY 21
text: - The CANAL, and just beyond it, INDIAN PONDI.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: A few blocks inland, there's a
dialog: canal; just beyond that is Indian
dialog: Pondicherry...
scene_heading: SC. 22 EXT. PONDICHERRY MUSLIM QUARTER, 1954 - DAY 22
text: - The MUSLIM QUARTER, women in head scarves pass men baking
text: flatbread over coals, the mosque in the background.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: And the Muslim Quarter is just to
dialog: the West.
scene_heading: 18 INT. PI'S HOME - CONTINUED 18
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: When the French handed Pondicherry
dialog: back to us in 1954, the town
dialog: decided that some sort of
dialog: commemoration was in order.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. ZOO ENTRANCE, 1955 - DAY 25
text: The sign on the gate reads: "JARDIN BOTANIQUE DE
scene_heading: PONDICHERRY."
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: My father, who was a clever
dialog: businessman, came up with one.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: He ran a hotel, and he got the idea
dialog: to open a zoo in the local
dialog: Botanical Gardens instead.
text: Father oversees a SIGN PAINTER as the painter who adds the
text: words 'AND ZOO' to the sign.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. THE NURSERY - CONTINUOUS 26
text: WOMEN WORKERS plant and dig in the Botanical Gardens nursery.
text: As MOTHER (refined - 20's) passes by, she admonishes a worker
text: who pulls up a sapling with too much force.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: As it also happened, my mother was
dialog: a botanist in the Gardens. They
dialog: met, married, and a year later my
dialog: brother Ravi was born. I came two
dialog: years after that.
scene_heading: 27 INT. PI'S HOME, OUTER ROOM, MONTREAL - DAY 27
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: It sounds magical, growing up in-
text: The Writer stops, realizing that Pi's eyes are closed in
text: prayer. The Writer watches in awkward silence, his head
text: halfbowed.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Amen. Let's eat.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: I didn't know Hindus said 'amen.'
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: (As he serves food:)
dialog: Catholic Hindus do.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Catholic Hindus?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: We get to feel guilty before
dialog: hundreds of gods instead of just
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: But you're a Hindu first?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: None of us knows God until someone
dialog: introduces us. I was first
dialog: introduced to God as a Hindu. There
dialog: are 330 million gods in the Hindu
dialog: religion - how can I not come to
dialog: know a few of them?
scene_heading: 28 EXT. OUTSIDE THE PATEL HOME, 1966 - NIGHT 28
text: YOUNG PI (5) and Ravi listen to Mother quietly singing a
text: gentle tune as she kneels before their home, using rice
text: powder to draw a Kolam pattern - a geometric design meant to
dialog: bring the home prosperity.
speaker_heading: PI (V.O.)
dialog: I met Krishna first...
speaker_heading: MOTHER (V.O., IN TAMIL)
dialog: Yashoda once accused baby Krishna
dialog: of eating dirt: "Tut, tut, you
dialog: naughty boy - you shouldn't do
dialog: that..."
scene_heading: 29 INT. PI'S BEDROOM, 1966 - NIGHT 29
text: It is raining outside. Pan from the window; Mother lies in
text: bed with Pi as they continue sharing this story for the
text: thousandth time. Mother's voice plays over (Note: they speak
dialog: in Tamil throughout the following dialogue):
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: ...But he didn't!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That's what he told her. "I didn't
dialog: eat dirt!" "No? Well, then open
dialog: your mouth." So Krishna opened his
dialog: mouth.
text: Pi opens his mouth in imitation.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (TAMIL) (CONT'D)
dialog: And what do you think Yashoda saw?
speaker_heading: PI (TAMIL)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MOTHER (TAMIL)
text: She saw in Krishna's mouth the
dialog: whole entire universe.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: 30 PI AND RAVI'S BEDROOM, 1966 - NIGHT 30
text: Pi has made a tent of his blanket, a flashlight glowing
text: beneath the covers. In his tent, Pi flips through the pages
text: of a Hindu comic book, enthralled by the story of Krishna...
text: The panels of the comic book show Krishna's mouth falling
text: open, revealing stars and planets, the universe unfolding in
text: wondrous detail.
scene_heading: 34 PONDI TEMPLE COURTYARD, 1966 - NIGHT 34
text: A tank ceremony is about to begin. The tank is a square
text: reservoir the size of a soccer field; Pi's family sits among
text: the crowd on the steps that lead down to the water.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: The gods were my superheroes
dialog: growing up. Hanuman, the monkey
dialog: god, lifting an entire mountain to
dialog: save his friend Lakshmana. Ganesh,
text: the elephantheaded, risking his
dialog: life to defend the honor of his
dialog: mother Parvati. Vishnu, the Supreme
dialog: Soul, the source of all things.
text: Vishnu sleeps, floating on the
dialog: shoreless cosmic ocean and we are
text: the stuff of his dreaming.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (With quiet sincerity.)
dialog: Spectacle. Don't let the stories
dialog: and pretty lights fool you, boys.
dialog: Religion is darkness.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: My dear 'Appa' believed himself
dialog: part of the 'new India.' As a
dialog: child, he'd had polio; he used to
text: lie in bed, wracked with pain,
dialog: wondering where God was. In the
dialog: end, God didn't save him; Western
dialog: medicine did.
text: Below, Mother watches the ceremony, lost in contemplation.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: My 'Amma' went to college and
dialog: thought her family was part of the
dialog: 'new India' as well - until her
dialog: parents cut her off because they
dialog: thought she was marrying beneath
dialog: her. Her religion was the only link
dialog: she had to her past.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. MUNNAR TEA FIELDS, 1973 - DAY 36
text: Rocky mountaintops jut up through a sea of clouds and mist.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: I met Christ in the mountains when
dialog: I was 12. We were visiting
dialog: relatives, tea growers in Munnar.
dialog: It was our third day there; Ravi
dialog: and I were terribly bored.
text: Ravi walks up to Pi, coins in hand, and whispers.
speaker_heading: RAVI (14)
dialog: Challenge. I'll give you two
dialog: rupees. Run into that church and
dialog: drink the Holy water.
scene_heading: 37 INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH, 1973 - DAY 37
text: Pi leans down to the font beside the door and drinks. He's
text: about to leave again when he notices the stations of the
text: cross depicted on plaques that encircle the church.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You must be thirsty. Here, I
dialog: brought you this.
text: Not knowing what else to do, Pi takes the glass and drinks.
text: An awkward pause as he searches for something - anything - to
text: say. He finally points up to one of the paintings.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Why would a god do that? Why would
dialog: he send his own son to suffer for
dialog: the sins of ordinary people?
text: The Priest smiles down upon Pi.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Because He loves us. God made
dialog: Himself approachable to us - human -
dialog: so we could understand Him.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: We can't understand God in all His
dialog: perfection, but we can understand
dialog: God's son and His suffering as we
dialog: would a brother's.
scene_heading: 38 INT. PI'S DINING ROOM, MONTREAL - INTERCUT/CONTINUOUS 38
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: That made no sense. Sacrificing the
dialog: innocent to atone for the sins of
dialog: the guilty? What kind of love is
dialog: that?
scene_heading: 39 EXT. PLANTATION HOME, MUNNAR, 1973 - DAY 39
text: Ravi and other kids play cricket. Pi sits by a stream, lost
dialog: in thought.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: But this Son - I couldn't get Him
dialog: out of my head.
scene_heading: 41 INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH, MUNNAR, 1973 - DAY 41 41
text: Pi stands quizzing the priest near the altar.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: If God is so perfect and we're not,
dialog: why would He want to create all
dialog: this? Why does He need us at all?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: All you have to know is that He
dialog: loves us. "God so loved the world
dialog: that He gave His only Son." This
dialog: Son taught us to love one
dialog: another...
text: The priest's words continue as Pi leans in, listening.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: The more I listened to the priest,
dialog: the more I came to like this Son of
dialog: God.
scene_heading: 42 INT. PI'S BEDROOM, 1973 - DAY 42
text: Pi kneels, smiling, in an attitude of worship.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Thank you, Vishnu, for introducing
dialog: me to Christ.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: I came to faith through Hinduism
dialog: and I found God's love through
dialog: Christ, but God wasn't finished
dialog: with me yet.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. MUSLIM QUARTER, 1973 - DAY 43
text: As Pi wanders through the Muslim Quarter, the call to prayer
text: plays out over a loudspeaker affixed to the nearby mosque. Pi
text: watches as people pray.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: God works in mysterious ways - and
dialog: so it was He introduced Himself
dialog: again, this time by the name of
dialog: Allah.
text: Pi crosses inquisitively up the few steps of a mosque in the
text: Muslim quarter, looking inside, where dozens of the FAITHFUL
text: are lined up row upon row, praying.
scene_heading: A43 EXT. PONDICHERRY MOSQUE, 1973 - DAY A43
text: The speaker on top of the mosque plays the Muslim call to
dialog: prayer.
scene_heading: 44 INT. PI FAMILY HOME, 1973 - DAY 44
text: Pi is out in front of the house kneeling on a prayer mat,
text: repeating a prayer. Father passes by with friends. He stops
dialog: to watch Pi.
scene_heading: 45 INT. FAMILY KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, 1973 - DUSK 45
text: Father sits at the dinner table with his family. The servant
text: offers a dish of lamb to Father only. Father pops a bite into
text: his mouth, savoring it.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: This lamb is exquisite - it's best
dialog: dish on the table. You are all
dialog: missing out...
text: As he chews, Father notices Pi completing a blessing.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You only need to convert to three
dialog: more religions, Piscine, and you
dialog: will spend your life on holiday.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: (Laughing:)
dialog: Are you going to Mecca this year,
dialog: Swami Jesus? Or to Rome, for your
dialog: coronation as Pope Pi-us?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You stay out of this, Ravi. Just as
dialog: you like cricket, Pi has his own
dialog: interests.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No Gita, Ravi has a point, no? You
dialog: cannot follow three different
dialog: religions at the same time,
dialog: Piscine.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Because believing in everything at
dialog: the same time is the same as not
dialog: believing in anything at all.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: He's young Santosh - he's still
text: finding his way.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: And how can he find his way if he
dialog: does not choose a path?
dialog: (To Pi:)
dialog: Listen: instead of leaping from one
dialog: religion to the next, why not start
dialog: with reason? In a few hundred
dialog: years, science has taken us farther
dialog: in understanding the universe than
dialog: religion has in ten thousand.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That is true. Your father is right.
dialog: Science can teach us more about
dialog: what's out there -
text: (With a hand to her
dialog: heart:)
dialog: - but not what is in here. Art,
dialog: music, literature - they all spring
dialog: from our faith.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: Some eat meat, some eat vegetable.
dialog: I do not expect us all to agree
dialog: about everything. But I would much
dialog: rather have you believe in
dialog: something I don't agree with than
dialog: to accept everything blindly. And
dialog: that begins with thinking
dialog: rationally. Do you understand?
text: Pi nods.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Good.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: I would like to be baptized.
text: Father and Mother react. Ravi stifles a laugh.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. PI'S STREET - DAY 46
text: Pi walks down the front steps of his row house, stretching
text: and rubbing his belly at the end of a good meal. The writer
text: follows.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: So you're a Christian and a Muslim?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: And a Hindu, of course.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: And a Jew, I suppose?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Oh, well, I do teach a course on
dialog: the Kabbalah at the University. And
dialog: why not? Faith is a house with many
dialog: rooms.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: But no room for doubt?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
text: Plenty. On every floor. Doubt is
dialog: useful. It keeps faith a living
dialog: thing. After all, you can't know
dialog: the strength of your faith until
dialog: it's been tested.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: 47 INT. THE TIGER FEEDING AREA, 1973, PART 1 - DAY 47
text: Pi (12) and Ravi (14) cross into a drab cement enclosure
text: behind the tiger exhibit. A hallway with closed gates at both
text: ends leads out to the exhibit.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: Where's Selvam? We shouldn't be in
dialog: here without him.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Stop worrying. I have seen him do
dialog: this a thousand times. I want to
dialog: meet our new tiger.
text: He drops meat on the floor by the bars.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: Pi!...
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Hello! Richard Parker!
scene_heading: 48 EXT. MONTREAL STREET - DAY 48
text: Pi and the writer walk along a Montreal street. The Writer
text: stares at Pi, bewildered.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: A tiger? Richard Parker was a
dialog: tiger?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: He got his name through a clerical
text: error. A hunter caught him drinking
dialog: from a stream when he was a cub and
dialog: named him Thirsty. When Thirsty got
dialog: too big, the hunter sold him to our
dialog: zoo - but the names got switched on
dialog: the paperwork. The hunter was
dialog: listed as Thirsty and tiger was
dialog: called Richard Parker. We laughed
dialog: about it and the name stuck.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. THE TIGER FEEDING AREA, PART TWO 1973 - DAY 47
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: Let's go. Before we get into
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: I want to see him close up.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: You're not a zoo keeper. Come on!
text: An adolescent BENGAL TIGER appears at the other end of thE
text: hall. Ravi bolts, running out of the feeding area. Pi is
text: enchanted.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: (offering meat)
dialog: That's it, Richard Parker. It's for
dialog: you.
text: Pi holds the lamb through the bars, The tiger walks slowly
text: down the hallway, regarding Pi with a detached curiosity, as
text: unthreatening in his manner as a large housecat. Pi begins
text: trembling from sheer excitement.
text: He doesn't hear the approach of uneven footsteps - Father
text: appears, followed by Ravi. Just as Richard Parker approaches
dialog: the offering.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No!!!
text: Father yanks Pi violently away from the cage, wrenching Pi's
text: hand through the bars. Richard Parker, startled, raises his
text: head, hissing. He turns and bounds back out through the gate
text: at the other end of the hallway, disappearing into the
text: exhibit area. Father spins Pi around and shoves him against
text: the wall.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you thinking?! Are you out
dialog: of your mind? Who gave you
dialog: permission to come back here? You
dialog: have just ignored everything I have
dialog: ever taught you!
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: I just wanted to say 'Hello' to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You think that tiger is your
dialog: friend. He is an animal, not a
dialog: playmate!
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Animals have souls. I've seen it in
dialog: their eyes.
text: Father turns to Ravi, who stands by the gate.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Find Selvam!
scene_heading: 50 EXT. THE FEEDING CAGES, 1973 - A SHORT TIME LATER 50
text: Father, Pi and Ravi watch as Selvam carries a goat into the
dialog: feeding area.
speaker_heading: SELVAM
dialog: (In Tamil:)
dialog: You're sure, Mr. Patel? Pi's just a
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (In Tamil:)
dialog: Do it. Go ahead.
text: Selvam sets the goat down and ties a piece of rope around the
text: animal's neck.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (To the boys:)
dialog: Animals don't think like we do;
dialog: people who forget that get
dialog: themselves killed. That tiger is
dialog: not your friend. When you look into
dialog: his eyes, you are seeing your own
dialog: emotions reflected back at you -
dialog: nothing else.
text: Selvam ties the goat to the bars at the gate area where Pi
text: had been about to feed Richard Parker.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: (Quietly, to Pi:)
dialog: Don't be stupid! Say you're sorry.
text: Mother arrives at the gate with a WOMAN WORKER and rushes to
dialog: Pi's side.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What have you done, Piscine? You
dialog: know what your father said about
dialog: coming back here.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: I'm sorry. I was...
text: Mother turns to Father, quietly - referring to the goat:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are you thinking?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: This is between a father and his
dialog: sons.
dialog: (In Tamil:)
dialog: Selvam, the gate.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He said he's sorry. You want to
dialog: scar them for life?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Scar them? That boy almost lost his
dialog: arm!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But he's still a boy!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: He will be a man sooner than you
dialog: think, and this is a lesson I do
dialog: not want them ever to forget.
dialog: (Turning to Selvam:)
dialog: Selvam.
text: Selvam opens the far gate. Richard Parker re-enters the
text: hallway. He sees the goat and slinks forward, lowering his
text: body, his ears flattening against his skull. The goat
text: freezes. Everyone watches in silence, transfixed by the
text: intensity of the tiger. Pi watches the animal spirit glowing
text: up within Richard Parker's eyes as instinct takes over.
text: In a sudden, single burst, Richard Parker bolts the length of
text: the hallway, claws reaching out through the bars of the cage
text: toward the goat.
text: We don't see what happens next - but the family does.
text: ON THE CAGE: Only a few seconds have passed, but Richard
text: Parker has already turned to go back into his enclosure, the
text: lifeless goat in his mouth. The family watches - Father is
text: impassive, Ravi traumatized; mother wraps her arms around Pi.
scene_heading: 52 INT. PI AND RAVI'S BEDROOM, 1976 - MORNING 52
text: A rainy early morning in monsoon season. Pi (now 16) lies in
text: bed, reading "Notes from the Underground." Ravi is still
text: asleep. The radio plays in the other room.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER (ON RADIO)
dialog: ... and so has placed the country
dialog: in a State of Emergency.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER (ON RADIO) (CONT'D)
dialog: Under the directive, the states of
dialog: Gujarat and Tamil Nadu will be
dialog: placed under the direct authority
dialog: of the central government. Police
dialog: will be granted powers to arrest
dialog: and indefinitely detain citizens
dialog: responsible for the uprising.
dialog: Unauthorized...
text: Ravi's alarm goes off. Ravi reaches to shut it off.
scene_heading: 55 55 EXT. PI'S SCHOOL, PONDICHERRY, 1977 - DAY 55 55
text: End of the school day. Pi, in raincoat, walks out to the
text: street, where student bicycles are lined up by the hundreds.
text: He gets his bike.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Things changed after the day of
dialog: Appa's lesson. The world had lost
dialog: some of its enchantment. School was
dialog: a bore - nothing but facts,
dialog: fractions and French. Words and
dialog: patterns that went on and on. I
dialog: grew restless, searching for
dialog: something that would bring meaning
dialog: into my life. And then I met
dialog: Anandi...
scene_heading: 59 I/E. DANCE STUDIO, PONDICHERRY, 1977 - DAY 59
text: CLOSE ON ANANDI (15) radiant, graceful, eyes aglow, dancing
text: with passionate intensity.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Mother made me study music, and one
dialog: day my teacher came down with the
dialog: flu; he asked if I could take his
dialog: place one afternoon playing rhythms
dialog: for a dance class.
text: Pi watches her, hopelessly in love, absent-mindedly drumming
text: along. He is drumming for a class of a dozen female students;
text: a DANCE MASTER (female) accompanies the beat vocally -
text: "Tumtikita..." etc. The dance master claps her hands,
text: interrupting to teach.
speaker_heading: DANCE MASTER
dialog: No. If you do not concentrate, you
dialog: cannot express your love of God
dialog: through dance. Feel the ground
dialog: beneath your feet;
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: DANCE MASTER (CONT'D)
dialog: open your gaze out onto the
dialog: horizon, let that spiritual energy
dialog: pulse through you and out into the
dialog: world through abinea. Anandi, come
text: to the front; lead them.
text: Anandi obeys; Pi watches her, lost in admiration, until the
text: teacher taps a wood block to get his attention. The girls in
text: the class giggle - Pi blushes, embarrassed.
scene_heading: 60 I/E. THE TOWN MARKET/THE BANYAN TREE, 1977 - DAY 60
text: Anandi walks with two of her FRIENDS through the town
text: market.ACROSS THE MARKET, Pi hides behind a flower seller's
text: stall. Gathering his courage, he peers out, searching for
text: Anandi. She is nowhere to be seen. He walks into an open area
text: of the market that surrounds a banyan tree. Suddenly, he
text: hears a voice behind him.
speaker_heading: ANANDI
dialog: Why are you following me?
text: Pi turns - Anandi stands before him, her friends a short
text: distance behind her, eavesdropping.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANANDI
dialog: You were following me.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: (After a beat, to cover
dialog: his evident guilt:)
dialog: What does this mean?
text: Pi vaguely imitates the hand gesture - pinching the tips of
text: his fingers together - that he saw Anandi use in the dance
text: rehearsal. Anandi stares at him, bewildered.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: In the dance, you went from Pataka,
dialog: which means the forest, and then
dialog: you did-then you did Samputa, which
dialog: means something that is hidden, and
dialog: after that you did this... and then
dialog: you did Chatura.
text: Pi demonstrates her dancing. Anandi smiles, while her friends
text: giggle at his performance.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: But at the very end you did this...
dialog: (Repeating the gesture:)
dialog: None of the other dancers did that.
dialog: What did you mean? The God of love
dialog: is hiding in the forest?
speaker_heading: ANANDI
dialog: No - that also means the lotus
dialog: flower.
speaker_heading: PI
text: The lotus flower is hiding in the
dialog: forest? Why would a lotus flower
dialog: hide in the forest?
text: Anandi blushes. She has no answer.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. THE ZOO EXHIBITS, 1977 - DAY 62
text: Pi and Anandi stand at the Bengal Tiger cage, Pi proudly
text: introducing Anandi to the zoo's finest exhibit.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: And this is Richard Parker. He's
dialog: the most magnificent creature we've
dialog: ever had here.
dialog: (Beat.)
dialog: Look at the way he's turning his
text: head. Showing off - like a dancer.
speaker_heading: ANANDI
dialog: No, he heard something - he's
dialog: listening. You see?
text: Pi beams.
scene_heading: 64 INT. PATEL DINING ROOM, 1977 - DUSK 64
text: Pi sits at dinner with the family, a half-smile on his face,
text: obviously lost in thoughts about Anandi. Father's voice
text: gradually breaks through into Pi's consciousness.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: So...you see? We have talked about
dialog: it for some time... Do you
dialog: understand what I'm saying? Pi?
text: Pi glances over.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Sorry. You've been...
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Worried. For my family. Our animals
dialog: are worth far more abroad than here
dialog: in India, and if the town council
dialog: stops supporting us, I don't know
dialog: where we'll be. So... it is what we
dialog: have to do. Do you understand?
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: I'm sorry... what are we talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: We are leaving India.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We are selling the zoo.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: The zoo itself was never ours to
dialog: sell - the land belongs to the
dialog: town. But the animals are ours, and
dialog: if we sell them, we will have
dialog: enough to start a new life.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: But where would we go? Our life is
dialog: here Appa!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Canada. I have some opportunities
dialog: for work in Winnipeg. I'll be
dialog: shipping most of the animals for
dialog: sale in North America; we can get
dialog: freighter passage for the whole
dialog: family. So, it is settled. We will
dialog: sail like Columbus!
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: But Columbus was looking for India!
scene_heading: EXT. PONDICHERRY, BENEATH THE PIER, 1977 - DAY
text: Pi and Anandi sit together on the crossbeams beneath the
text: dock. Anandi takes a length of colored silken threads, tying
text: them around Pi's wrist to serve as 'Rakhi' - a sisterly
dialog: blessing for protection on his journey.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: It takes a lot of work to sell a
dialog: zoo; before we left Anandi and I
dialog: had time enough to break each
dialog: other's hearts. Of course, I
dialog: promised I'd come back one day...
dialog: It's funny... I remember everything
dialog: else about our last day, but I
dialog: don't remember saying goodbye...
text: As she finishes, Pi reaches out impulsively to hold her hand.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. CARGO SHIP DECK, 1977 - DUSK 67
text: Sunset. Pi stands at the railing of the cargo ship, staring
text: out at the Chennai shoreline. Mother approaches.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Pi, they're serving dinner below.
dialog: (Beat.)
text: Pi doesn't respond. Mother approaches and stands beside him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (After a beat.)
dialog: Piscine, You have a whole life
dialog: ahead of you. We're doing this for
dialog: you and Ravi. Come inside and have
dialog: some dinner.
scene_heading: 68 INT. THE TSIMTSUM, MESS HALL, 1977 - DAY 68
text: The family stands in the mess hall line along with the CREW.
text: The FRENCH COOK, a grizzled and thoroughly unpleasant man,
text: loads a plate and slides it over the counter to Mother. The
text: meal consists of liver and onions, sausages, and rice soaked
text: in gravy. Mother points at her rice.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My sons and I are vegetarians. Do
dialog: you have anything - ?
text: The French Cook ladles ore gravy over her rice.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: No - no! Not more gravy.
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: (Thick French accent:)
dialog: You don't want gravy?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (Quickly switching to
dialog: French:)
dialog: No, I want something vegetarian. I-
text: The cook takes her plate, sets it on the counter in front of
text: Father. The following takes place in French (subtitled).
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: There. No problems.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: She asked if you have something
dialog: vegetarian.
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: Vegetarian - the cow that produced
dialog: this liver was vegetarian, the pigs
dialog: that went into these sausages were
dialog: vegetarian.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Very funny. But she doesn't eat
dialog: liver.
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: (Getting irritated:)
dialog: Then she can eat the sausages, the
dialog: rice, the gravy.
dialog: (To Mother:)
dialog: Or you can go cook your own food.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: How dare you talk to my wife like
dialog: that?
text: The cook shoves a plate of plain rice over the counter.
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: Here's your rice. I cook for
dialog: sailors, not curry eaters.
text: Father grabs the cook's forearms, yanking him halfway over
text: the high counter.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What did you call us??
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: Let go of me!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Who do you think you are? You're
dialog: nothing but a servant!
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: I feed people! You feed monkeys!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I'll teach you respect!
text: Sailors descend on the two, pulling them apart.
scene_heading: A SHORT TIME
speaker_heading: LATER -
scene_heading: 69 INT. THE TSIMTSUM MESS HALL, 1977 - DAY 69
text: The family sits eating silently in the aftermath of the
text: scuffle. A TAIWANESE SAILOR comes alongside Pi carrying a
text: plate of rice with gravy. He speaks with a Taiwanese accent
text: and a gentle smile.
speaker_heading: TAIWANESE SAILOR
dialog: Hello, I am happy Buddhist, so I
text: eat rice next to gravy. On ship,
dialog: gravy is not meat. Is taste. Okay?
dialog: You try?
text: Pi smiles in gratitude, but the gravy looks anything but
text: appetizing.
scene_heading: 70 INT. TSIMTSUM CARGO HOLD, 1977 - DAY 70
text: Pi eats a banana from the food set aside for the animals in
text: the cargo hold. He sits next to the transport cage of ORANGE
text: JUICE, a female orangutan with a baby orang in her arms.
text: Animal crates and cages surround Pi, the air filled with
text: screeches and growls.
text: Father enters the hold, carrying food for the animals.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (Noting Pi's banana:)
dialog: Don't worry - we will have plenty
dialog: of fresh supplies after we stop in
dialog: Manila.
text: Father mixes tranquilizer pills into food for the orangs.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Why give O.J. a tranquilizer? She's
dialog: not going to cause any trouble.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: The stress of traveling is not good
dialog: for the animals.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: And it helps with the seasickness.
dialog: We don't want to be cleaning up
dialog: after a seasick orangutan, do we?
text: Pi looks up, notices Father watching him.
text: Father tries to smile along with his little attempt at humor,
text: but his manner is stiff, his eyes furtive and uneasy.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: My father was a businessman - he
dialog: had never handled the animals
dialog: himself. I realized that leaving
dialog: India must have been harder for him
dialog: than it was for me.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. MONTREAL GARDENS - DAY 71
text: Adult Pi and the Writer sit on a bench in the gardens. Pi has
text: fallen silent, reflective.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: ... So...
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Have I forgotten anything?
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: I think you've set the stage. So
dialog: far we have an Indian boy named
text: after a French swimming pool on a
dialog: Japanese ship full of animals
dialog: heading to Canada.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Yes. Now we have to send our boy
text: into the middle of the Pacific, and
dialog: -
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: And make me believe in God.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Yes. We'll get there.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. A TOPOGRAPHICAL MAP OF THE PACIFIC, 1977 - DUSK 72
text: Moving in on the Mariana Trench, an ominous gash of darkest
dialog: blue...
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: It was four days out of Manila -
text: above the Mariana Trench, the
dialog: deepest spot on earth...
text: Zoom closer until the blue fills the screen...
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: Our ship, the Tsimtsum, pushed on,
text: bullishly indifferent to its
dialog: surroundings. It moved with the
text: slow, massive confidence of a
dialog: continent.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 73 EXT. THE TSIMTSUM - NIGHT 73
text: Lightning and thunder. The freighter sailing in ominous
text: weather, the name Tsimtsum emblazoned on its hull. Choppy
text: seas, rains, a storm.
scene_heading: 74 INT. CARGO SHIP, THE FAMILY CABIN - NIGHT 74
text: Darkness - the faint glow of a nightlight. Close on Pi's
text: sleeping face, the cabin swaying in the storm.
text: BANG. A loud, deep rumble breaks into his consciousness. The
text: ship shakes. Pi's eyes open. He looks around, listens.
text: Nothing. He leans over the side of his bunk and wakes Ravi.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Ravi? Did you hear that?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Ravi?
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: ... I'm sleeping.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: It's a thunderstorm! Let's go
dialog: watch!
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: Are you crazy? We'll get hit by
dialog: lightning.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: No, we won't. It'll hit the bridge
dialog: first.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: Don't tempt a storm, Pi.
text: On the other side of the narrow room, Mother shifts
text: uncomfortably on the double bed she shares with Father.
scene_heading: 75 INT. SHIP HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 75
text: Pi heads upstairs to the deck.
scene_heading: 76 EXT. THE CARGO DECK - CONTINUOUS 76
text: The deck of the ship is dark. Pi steps out into a bracing
text: rain and walks to the rail, wind whipping his hair. He
text: laughs, exhilarated, as rain splashes over his face. Throwing
text: arms wide, Pi dances in imitation of Anandi's dance, slipping
text: more than once on the rain-soaked deck, shouting in giddy
text: adolescent triumph.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: More rain, lord of storms! Let it
dialog: rage!
text: He finishes, laughing as he falls against the railing. The
text: deck lights suddenly all come on at once; a warning alarm
text: sounds over the loudspeakers.
text: Pi slips to the front of the deck and stands up, watching in
text: horror as a wave washes over the bow, carrying several
text: sailors overboard. He pushes himself away from the railing
text: and runs back down below.
scene_heading: INT. THE STAIRS TO THE CABINS/LOWER LEVEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Pi stumbles down the tilted staircase.
speaker_heading: PI
text: AMMA! APPA! RAVI! GET OUT, GET OUT!
text: Halfway down, Pi hits water. He dives, searching for his
text: family. The hall lights flicker - the passage falls dark an
text: instant before the emergency lights come on in the water
text: below, which nearly reaches the ceiling. Pi dives, trying to
text: swim against the flowing current; he's astonished to find a
text: ZEBRA swimming toward him, passing overhead. He tries to swim
text: further, but the enormous force of rushing water and air is
text: too great; he scrambles backward, groping toward the
dialog: stairwell.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CARGO DECK - CONTINUOUS
text: Pi bursts on deck, coughing and gagging for air.
speaker_heading: PI
text: HELP!! SOMEBODY HELP ME!!
text: Pi sees movement - animals running. He scrambles toward them,
text: the ship groaning as it lists sideways.
text: Oxen and deer are visible on the far side of the deck,
text: backlit by emergency lights; Pi hears monkeys screeching, the
text: clatter of hoofs pounding. In the distance, Sailors shout
text: orders in panicked voices.
text: Pi comes onto the lower deck, where he sees three men - the
dialog: Buddhist (Taiwanese Sailor) from the dining hall; the
text: JAPANESE CAPTAIN, and SAILOR #1 - arguing with the French
text: cook, who has climbed into the stern of one of the lifeboats
text: that hangs off the side of the ship. Pi runs to the Captain.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Please save my family!
speaker_heading: JAPANESE CAPTAIN
dialog: Don't scare. Okay? Wait stay here.
text: He grabs a life vest and starts to put it on Pi.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE CAPTAIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, put this on!
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: You have to help them, please! Oh
dialog: no my family, please. You have to
dialog: help them, my family is back there.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE CAPTAIN
dialog: We don't have time.
text: The Taiwanese Sailor jumps onto the ship.
speaker_heading: TAIWANESE SAILOR
dialog: We help. You must go.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Who let all the animals out?
text: They shove a life vest over Pi's head.
speaker_heading: SAILOR #1
dialog: You have to go now.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: No wait! My father - he can't swim -
speaker_heading: JAPANESE CAPTAIN
dialog: This is your last chance--just go!
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: No please!
text: They guide Pi to the side, where a section of the ship's
text: railing has been removed to give access to the lifeboat. They
text: push Pi over the edge; Pi falls onto the lifeboat, bouncing
text: on the protective tarp that is still stretched taut across
text: the bow. He grabs at the rope holding the bow, trying not to
text: slip off. The sailors are shouting at the French cook, who
text: stands at the stern.
speaker_heading: SAILOR #1
dialog: Hey! You! What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: Loosen the lines! Bring it down!
speaker_heading: SAILOR #1
dialog: Tie it down! Tie it down!
speaker_heading: FRENCH COOK
dialog: (to the sailors:)
dialog: Jump! Jump!
text: The sailors look towards the upper deck. Pi follows their
text: looks and watches in horror as a zebra launches itself over
text: the side of the ship, careening through the air toward the
text: safety of the lifeboat. The French cook staggers backward and
text: jumps out of the way, falling to the water below. Pi throws
text: up his arms as the life boat starts to drop. The zebra arcs
text: through the air, missing the tarp, landing on the exposed
text: stern with a sickening thud, shattering the rear bench. The
text: force sends the rig lines spinning.
text: The lifeboat plummets to the water below. The impact spins it
text: around, nearly washing Pi overboard. He is left clinging to
text: the back of the tarp, the zebra on the floor of the lifeboat
text: before him. As the lifeboat drops down the side of the swell,
text: Pi slides to the front of the tarp. The Tsimtsum's propeller
text: rises behind him.
text: As Pi steadies himself, a swell lifts the lifeboat, crashing
text: it onto the deck of the Tsimtsum. It drops back into the sea,
text: rolling over completely. The vessel instantly rights itself -
text: the lifeboat is designed to be virtually unsinkable. Pi lands
text: on the lifeboat's floorboards, next to the zebra.
dialog: 35.
text: Pi sees the Tsimtsum at an angle, it's bow dipping below the
text: water. As he tries to get up, Pi notices the orange emergency
text: whistle that dangles from the vest. He grabs it and blows,
text: shouting between blasts.
speaker_heading: PI
text: HELP! HELP! SOMEBODY, HELP ME!
text: The deck lights of the freighter glow with a cheery,
text: unnatural brilliance. By the light of the ship, Pi can just
text: make out a distant figure in the water.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
text: HEY! OVER HERE!
text: Pi spies a lifebuoy tied to a rope. He grabs it and heaves it
text: as far as he can across the water. OUT IN THE WATER, the
text: lifebuoy splashes a few yards away from the shadowy figure.
text: The moment Pi feels the tug on the line, he jumps into the
text: uncovered part of the boat, lies back and begins hauling the
text: rope in. Nearly finished, he lifts his head to peer over the
text: side and sees who he's rescued.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Richard Parker?
text: A beat - and then Pi realizes what he's done. He scrambles
text: backward in horror, trying to throw the rope overboard.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: NO! GO AWAY!
text: Richard Parker paddles toward the boat. Pi grabs an oar,
text: wielding it against the approaching tiger. Richard Parker
text: tries to grab the oar. Pi yanks the oar away, falling onto
text: his back.
text: He listens as Richard Parker claws his way up the side of the
text: swaying boat, coughing and gagging water. Pi scrambles
text: backward, oar still in hand. He rises and jumps overboard.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. THE OCEAN - CONTINUOUS 79
text: Pi plunges into the roiling water. An enormous wave rolls
text: toward Pi - filling his lungs with air, Pi dives under, away
text: from the assault of the raging storm.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. BENEATH THE WATER - CONTINUOUS 80
text: Silence as Pi hangs below the surface, arms wide, groping for
text: focus and calm.
dialog: 36.
text: Lightning casts a blazing white veil over the surface of the
text: water above him, backlighting fish and animals, waves frozen
text: in time like wrinkled bedsheets, their motionless texture
text: pocked and dimpled with raindrops. As the sky explodes in
text: white flashes, the scene is caught in surreal still shots.
text: A hippo swims past, it's heavy form moving gracefully.
text: Pi swims toward the camera - then freezes, reacting in horror
dialog: as...
text: A shark swoops past him and up toward the struggling animals
text: near the surface. Pi dives defensively - the camera follows.
text: Ahead, the Tsimtsum is visible, fifty feet beyond Pi, its
text: deck lights dipping below the surface, casting an eerie
text: underwater glow, bubbles flowing up to the surface; nearby,
text: Pi can make out the floating oar.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. THE OCEAN/THE BOAT - CONTINUOUS 81
text: Pi bursts above water in total panic, throwing his arms
text: around the oar, coughing up sea water and bile. The lifebuoy
text: floats a dozen feet off; he swims toward it. He grabs the oar
text: moments before a huge wave sweeps him up and over the
text: lifeboat. He lands on the other side, the oar lost, and drags
text: himself onto the stern. He jumps over the kicking zebra and
text: scrambles onto the boat tarp.
text: An oar sticks out from under the boat cover, hanging out over
text: the front of the lifeboat. Pi climbs out on the oar, keeping
text: himself a safe distance from the tiger he assumes is beneath
text: the tarp. The air vibrates with a tremendous belching groan;
text: Pi looks over to the cargo ship, watching, astounded...
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Amma! Appa! Ravi! I'm sorry! I'm
dialog: sorry...!
text: WIDE SHOT - from top, looking down into the water: the
text: Tsimtsum abruptly keels and sinks beneath the surface. Pi
text: watches in horror as the Tsimtsum plummets into the depths of
text: the Mariana Trench, it's deck lights gradually fading. Pi
text: bursts into tears as waves from the sinking vessel buffet his
dialog: lifeboat.
text: Pi weeps uncontrollably.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAWN
text: The storm has passed, but the skies are still heavy with
text: disgusting grey clouds. Pi has hung the lifebuoy on the oar
text: and now sits on it, slumped in exhaustion and shivering.
dialog: 37.
text: With what energy he still has, he weeps - his face is puffy
text: and swollen from a night of tears.
text: Pi watches a shark fin knife through the waves. His feet have
text: been trailing in the water; he quickly lifts them out. He
text: raises his head, looking at his new surroundings - water and
text: air, clouds and sky. Nothing on the horizon.
text: Pi creeps forward on the oar, pulling himself onto the
text: gunnels - the side of the boat. No sign of Richard Parker.
text: The zebra comes into view in the stern of the lifeboat,
text: injured legs folded beneath it, staring indifferently into
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAY
text: Pi stands a few feet away from the zebra, using an emergency
text: bucket to bail water out of the bottom of the boat, exhausted
text: from the effort. He pauses to catch his breath, then becomes
text: aware of a slight movement at one side of the tarp.
text: A SPOTTED HYENA lurches furtively into view from beneath the
text: tarp, then disappears again. Pi freezes, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Hari?
text: Hari, the hyena, with a sloping, bear-like forehead and the
text: nervous manner of a beaten dog, reappears. Pi instantly dives
text: across the tarp, scrambling for safety on the oar. The hyena
text: staggers and stumbles listlessly. Pi turns to face the
text: creature, struggling for calm.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks as though your drugs haven't
text: worn off yet.
text: The screech of a terrified animal echoes across the water -
text: the hyena looks out to port, the hair rising on its back,
text: then staggers beneath the tarp.
text: Pi squints into the rising sun. An enormous bundle of bananas
text: bobs into view. The bundle twists and rolls - and Orange
text: Juice, the orangutan tries desperately to stay on top.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Orange Juice!! This way!
dialog: 38.
text: Within moments, the bundle is within reach of the lifeboat;
text: Pi catches the oar handle in the netting that binds the
text: bananas together and pulls it against the side of the boat.
text: O.J. falls onboard in a stuporous fog.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome to Pi's ark!
text: The netting, wrapped around the handle of the oar, pulls
text: loose from the bananas, which tumble out of reach. As Pi
text: reels the netting in, O.J. moans in distress. Pi throws a
text: banana to O.J. but she is too sick to react.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: (A sudden realization)
dialog: Where is your boy, Orange Juice?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: I'll bet Mother and Father found
dialog: him. They'll all be here soon.
text: O.J. turns to look at Pi, a look of inconsolable sadness in
text: her eyes - as though she knows better what lies ahead.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAY 84
text: High noon. Intolerable heat. Flies circle the zebra, landing
text: on Pi's face and arms. He's too exhausted to brush them away.
text: The only sound is the incessant lapping of water against the
text: hull. Pi stares out across the ocean - no rescue in sight. He
text: pushes himself upright, calling over the waves.
speaker_heading: PI
text: HELLO...! HELLO...! ANYBODY?
text: Pi kneels and bangs his bailing bucket against the hull. The
text: hyena emergees, shaking its head violently in an attempt to
text: clear its thoughts. It screams in frustration and begins
text: yipping. Pi picks up the oar and pokes the hyena to fend it
text: off. He watches with increasing alarm as the hyena paces in
dialog: frantic circles - whatever tranquilizers this animal received
text: are wearing off. The boy wraps his grip around the paddle,
text: prepared to defend himself.
text: The hyena abruptly stops pacing, coughing and retching - then
text: lies down, shaking from emotional and physical distress. It
text: sets its head on the edge of the tarp, predator eyes fastened
dialog: on Pi.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DUSK 85
text: A boy, a hyena, a zebra and an orangutan silhouetted against
text: the last fading light of day.
dialog: 39.
text: Pi has hung the paddle and lifebuoy off the end of the boat
text: and perches on the bow. The hyena's eyes seem to glow in the
text: last light, fixed on Pi. Pi stares back.
text: Pi fights fatigue as waves splash interminably against the
text: hull. He winces at each creak of the lifeboat; his eyes glaze
text: over as he stares out at the endless, dusky seascape. Pi sees
text: movement in the shadows. The hyena attacks the zebra; the
text: zebra barks and squeals. O.J. reacts to the violence, crying
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: No! Stop it! Stop it! No! Stop it!
dialog: Stop it! NO!!! NO!!! NO!!!
scene_heading: 86 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAWN 86
text: Silence. Morning. Hazy. Pi slumps over the oar, eyes half
text: open, glazed. He has stayed up a second night for fear of
text: being attacked, and now he slowly nods sideways, giving in to
text: exhaustion despite himself, and tumbles into the water.
text: Pi gasps in shock as the water slaps him into full
text: consciousness. He climbs back onto the life ring - coughing,
text: tired, wet, sad and fearful.
text: The lifeboat rolls and growls beneath Pi's feet as he stares -
text: and then he notices O.J. The poor orang is sitting on a side
text: bench half-hidden by the tarp, and horribly seasick. Her
text: tongue lolls out of her mouth and she's visibly panting.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: I'm sorry, O.J.; I don't have any
dialog: seasickness medicine for you -
text: And then it strikes him.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Supplies! Ah, supplies!
text: Pi pulls up the edge of the tarp nearest the bow. A row of
text: benches with hinged lids curve around the bow. Pi opens the
text: rearmost bench and finds a "LIFEBOAT MANUAL AND NAVIGATIONAL
text: GUIDE" in a plastic bag along with a pencil lying on top of
text: bags of supplies. He pulls out the manual and flips through
text: it - an illustration shows that the boat is lined with
text: compartments. He opens the next bench - it's stuffed with
dialog: life jackets.
text: He tosses one of the life jackets to O.J., who has no idea
text: what to make of it. O.J. turns to watch him, utterly
text: bewildered.
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. THE OCEAN, BEHIND THE LIFEBOAT/THE LIFEBOAT - DAY 88
text: An hour later. Pi finishes tying a knot in a piece of rope
text: that joins oars to the lifebuoy. Pull back to reveal that Pi
text: has built a makeshift raft, tying three oars into a triangle
text: around the lifebuoy and using the banana net to gather the
text: life vests into a bunch beneath.
text: Pi sits back, mopping his brow, then begins pushing and
text: dragging his raft over to the edge of the lifeboat to launch
dialog: it.
text: The hyena comes out from under the tarp to see what all the
text: noise is. As it paces, it gets too close to O.J., who
text: suddenly comes to life, rising up to her full height, pulling
text: back her lips and roaring. The hair on the hyena's neck and
text: shoulders stands up - suddenly, it launches an attack. Pi
text: cries out, flinching - but O.J. uses one of her long arms to
text: thump the beast on top of the head.
text: Pi cheers the blow -
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: YES!
text: But the hyena gets up in an instant - it attacks again, this
text: time going for O.J.'s throat.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: NO!! NO!! NO!! NO!!
text: O.J. gets pulled down to the floor of the boat, the battle
text: continuing out of view. Pi searches through the piles of
text: rope, finding a knife. He rises and dashes forward.
text: Pi reaches the end of the tarp. The hyena retreats. O.J. lies
text: in the stern, dead.
text: Pi, enraged, confronts the hyena.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on! Come on!! COME ON...!!!
text: Pi feels the tarp move under his feet... suddenly, Richard
text: Parker launches like a blur from under the canvas, going
text: straight after the hyena. Pi falls backward on the tarp,
text: stunned.
text: As the tiger clamps his jaws around the hyena, finishing it
text: off, Pi leaps back to the bow, shoving his makeshift raft
text: into the water. The raft splashes in the water and the tiger
text: turns; Pi looks back and comes face-to-face with Richard
dialog: Parker.
dialog: 41.
text: The tiger stands with front feet on the crossbench, sniffing
text: the sea air, examining his surroundings for the first time,
text: agitated by this open air environment. As he turns to go back
text: under the tarp, his gaze falls on Pi. Richard Parker's ears
text: swivel, and his lip twitches, revealing a canine as long as a
dialog: finger.
text: Pi, terrified, grabs an oar and holds it out, trying to
text: prevent an attack. Unfortunately, he also blocks Richard
text: Parker's path back under the tarp. The tiger tries to go
text: around the oar, and when Pi blocks his way, the tiger swings
text: a paw, knocking the oar into the ocean with such force that
text: Pi is spun completely around with his back to the tiger. He
text: falls into a crouch, cowering, prepared to die.
text: Richard Parker's predator instinct takes over. He snarls and
text: pounces on the tarp, menacingly close to Pi - then hesitates,
text: unsettled by the softness of the tarp beneath his feet. The
text: tiger retreats, examining his surroundings.
text: Pi jumps toward the raft. He belly flops into the ocean and
text: rises in a panic, trying to scramble up onto the raft, only
text: to have it flip completely over his head.
scene_heading: A88 EXT THE RAFT - DAY A88
text: Grey, lifeless skies above the vastness of the ocean. Pi
text: shivers, his eyes glassy, his lips chapped and skin waxen
text: from hours of exposure. He tries various ways to re-shape the
dialog: raft.
text: A shark slips up alongside Pi and bumps him, sending Pi
text: scrambling back to the safety of the raft.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAY 91
text: Pi pulls the raft to the back of the lifeboat, tying the rope
text: line on one of the tarp hooks. Hands appear on the gunnels.
text: Pi lifts his head over the bow. The tiger is nowhere in
text: sight. Pi quietly climbs aboard. He tries in vain to control
text: his chattering teeth and shaking limbs as he opens the
text: starboard bow storage bench.
text: He sees a duffel bag, zips it open and rifles through the
text: contents. It contains an array of survival supplies - as he
text: lifts it out, his eye falls upon a stack of cans marked
text: "Water." He pops a hole in a water can with the can opener
text: and drinks one, tilting his head back and closing his eyes in
text: ecstasy. He throws a few on the raft. He grabs a couple of
text: boxes marked "Baked Wheat Biscuits." Pi tears open a box and
text: stuffs a biscuit into his mouth.
dialog: 42.
text: The biscuits are so dry that he is barely able to chew them -
text: crumbs fall from his lips into the supply hatch.
text: A rat skitters out from under the tarp, grabbing biscuit
text: crumbs, then retreating.
text: A low growl. Richard Parker charges out from his den and
text: bounds onto the tarp. Pi staggers in terror and falls
text: helplessly into the storage bench, with only his head poking
text: out above the tarp.
text: The tiger steps toward Pi, then hesitates - again, the
text: softness of the tarp unnerves him. He steps back off the tarp
text: and paces the stern.
text: Pi creeps out of the storage bench - then watches in horror
text: as Richard Parker swivels and charges him again, this time
text: beneath the tarp. The rat scurries back out of hiding and
text: Richard Parker's head follows, looming up out from the gap
text: between the tarp and the storage bench. Pi jumps onto the
text: tarp, out of the tiger's reach.
text: Richard Parker scrambles backward and reappears at the far
text: end of the tarp, roaring, prepared to attack from above -
text: then halts, watching in astonishment as the rat hops around
text: the lifeboat, finally running up Pi's shirt and landing on
text: Pi's head.
text: Pi grabs the rat by the tail and throws it. The rat sails,
text: paws and tail stretched wide, across the boat. Richard Parker
text: opens his mouth and the rat flies in, its tail disappearing
text: between the tiger's lips like a spaghetti noodle.
text: As Richard Parker enjoys his treat, Pi climbs backward over
text: the bow, unhooking the rope, grabbing the water cans and the
text: biscuits and slipping over the side, falling into the water.
text: He drops onto the raft and pushes himself back with his feet.
text: The raft floats back and hits the end of the ropeline with a
text: jerk. Pi remembers the rope and goes back to untie it.
text: Suddenly Richard Parker appears at the bow and lunges at him,
text: almost falling off the front of the lifeboat onto Pi. The
text: tiger scrambles back onto the boat and off the tarp, while Pi
text: paddles the raft away.
text: When he is finally at a safe distance, fear and stress
text: overwhelm Pi - he throws up what little food and water he has
dialog: taken.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 92 EXT. THE RAFT, BEHIND THE LIFEBOAT - NIGHT 92
text: A full moon, backlit clouds rolling through the skies,
text: reflected in the water below. Pi floats behind the lifeboat,
text: weeping, surrounded by nothing but terror and the abyss. A
text: thick range of clouds moves in, threatening to cut off the
text: light from the moon and stars.
text: Pi watches Richard Parker on the lifeboat, a shadowy
text: silhouette on the bow ahead. The tiger takes the zebra
text: carcass under the tarp. The clouds blot out the sky. Darkness
text: envelops them.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. ABOVE THE RAFT - EARLY MORNING 93
text: Angle on Pi, the raft and boat from above, lost on an endless
text: ocean, the bright colors of morning light dancing on the
text: surface of the water.
text: Pi has taken out his pencil and now writes on the back page
text: of his survival manual, his voice heard over:
speaker_heading: PI (WRITING V.O.)
dialog: "My name is Pi Patel. I have been
text: in a shipwreck. I am on a lifeboat
dialog: alone - with a tiger. Please send
dialog: help."
text: He tears the page out and stuffs it into an empty water can,
text: sealing the opening with a plastic lid. He tosses it as far
text: as possible; the can splashes down, rippling the water, then
text: bobs, going nowhere. Pi stares at the bobbing can, crushed as
text: he sees the futility of this plan.
text: A defeated pause, and then Pi looks up and sees the majesty
text: of his surroundings. The cloud cover breaks; dawn light glows
text: down on Pi.
text: A grunt from the lifeboat. Pi turns, surprised. He grabs the
text: tow line and reels into the lifeboat.
text: He lifts the tarp; Richard Parker's eyes glow out at him from
text: the shadows, greeting Pi with a low snarl. Pi gingerly lowers
text: the tarp and casts the raft back from the bow. He looks up.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: (In awe, shuddering:)
dialog: God... I give myself to you. I am
dialog: your vessel. Whatever comes... I
dialog: want to know. Show me.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAFT - DAY
text: Pi sits on his makeshift raft, flipping through his manual.
text: The foldout map of the manual shows the ocean's currents,
text: longitudes, latitudes, and depths. Pi stares at the chart,
text: bewildered by it all. He rises up on his knees, looking out
text: at the ocean around him, then sits back, hand to forehead.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: There are no lines!
scene_heading: 95 EXT. THE RAFT - DAY - MONTAGE 95
text: Montage - Pi struggling with discomfort on his raft.
speaker_heading: PI (READING - V.O.)
dialog: "Set your house in order and dig in
dialog: for the battle to survive.
dialog: Establish a strict schedule for
dialog: eating, keeping watch and getting
dialog: rest. Do not drink urine or sea
dialog: water.
dialog: Keep busy, but avoid unnecessary
dialog: exertion. The mind can be kept
text: occupied by playing card games,
dialog: Twenty Questions, or I Spy.
dialog: Community singing is another sure-
dialog: fire way to lift the spirits.
dialog: Telling stories is highly
dialog: recommended. Above all, don't lose
dialog: hope."
text: - Pi scratches marks into the side of the boat to indicate
text: the passage of time - it is his 11th day at sea.
scene_heading: A96 EXT. THE RAFT - A SHORT TIME LATER A96
text: Pi is still reading his survival manual. The waves pick up.
text: The lifeboat rocks. Somewhere beneath the tarp, the tiger
text: lets out a faint groan of discomfort. On Pi as he
text: contemplates this...
speaker_heading: PI (READING V.O.:)
dialog: "Few things can sap the spirit
text: faster than seasickness. Waves are
dialog: more strongly felt when a boat
text: turns sideways to the current. A
dialog: sea anchor is used as a drag to
dialog: keep the boat's head to the wind.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: PI (READING V.O.:) (CONT'D)
dialog: Proper use of them can increase
dialog: control and reduce seasickness
dialog: during rough seas...
text: Pi takes a sea anchor from inside his life ring and tosses it
text: overboard. As soon as the sea anchor has been deployed, the
text: raft slows down and the anchor lines go taut.
scene_heading: 97 EXT. RAFT - DAY 97
text: Pi has rigged an additional line between the open end of the
text: lifeboat and his raft.
speaker_heading: PI (READING V.O.)
dialog: For castaways who must share their
dialog: lifeboats with large dangerous
dialog: carnivores it's advisable to
dialog: establish a territory as your own.
dialog: The following course of action is
dialog: recommended.
dialog: Step one: choose a day when waves
dialog: are moderate but regular.
dialog: Step two: with the lifeboat facing
text: into the waves, making the ride as
dialog: comfortable as possible, blow your
text: whistle soothingly.
dialog: Step three: turn the lifeboat
text: sideways to the waves, accompanied
dialog: by harsh aggressive use of the
dialog: whistle. With sufficient
dialog: repetition, the animal will
dialog: associate the sound of the whistle
text: with the discomfort of seasickness.
dialog: Similar methods have long been used
dialog: by circus trainers, though they
dialog: generally lack access to rough
dialog: seas.
text: He reels in this line, turning the boat sideways to the
text: waves. The rocking increases. Pi blows the whistle several
text: times harshly ("warning" signal) as the rocking increases.
text: From within the boat, he hears the tiger groan. He grabs the
text: original lifeline that connects the raft to the boat and
text: hauls himself in. Pi grins, spits out the whistle.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: (A ringmaster's call:)
dialog: Let the trumpets blare, let the
dialog: drum rolls begin! Prepare to be
dialog: amazed! Here it is, for your
dialog: enjoyment and instruction, the show
dialog: you've been waiting for all your
dialog: life will soon begin!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you ready for the miracle of
dialog: it? Well, then - I give to you...
text: Pi lets go of the second line, raising his hand with a
dialog: flourish.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
text: ... the ASTOUNDING BENGAL TIGER!
text: He pulls the raft next to the tarp end of the lifeboat. The
text: tiger crawls out from under the tarp, violently ill.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: (Rocking the boat:)
dialog: Hello, Richard Parker. Sorry about
text: the choppy ride.
text: Pi pulls himself onto the bow. Richard Parker tries to lift
text: his head, then groans, giving it up. Pi lifts the whistle to
text: his mouth and blows it repeatedly as he advances to the front
text: edge of the tarp, opens his fly and pisses in a straight line
text: across the midpoint of the boat.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: (Pointing:)
dialog: MINE! YOU UNDERSTAND? YOURS - MINE!
dialog: (He blows his whistle)
dialog: You understand?
text: He steps back to observe the effect of this provocation on
text: the seasick tiger. Richard Parker staggers to the edge of the
text: tarp. He takes a deep sniff and winces, groaning, his tongue
text: hanging out in distaste. The tiger turns away from Pi, facing
text: the stern. Pi thinks the battle is won - until the tiger
text: lifts his tail and sprays him with a tremendous burst of
dialog: urine.
speaker_heading: PI (READING V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Step four: disregard steps one
dialog: through three.
scene_heading: A97 EXT. THE RAFT - AFTERNOON A97
text: Pi pulls in the solar still. Pi bends down to suck fresh
text: water from the straw that protrudes from a water still,
text: delighted to discover that it works. He carefully pours some
text: of the water into a can for himself, then pours the rest into
text: a bucket.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: B97 EXT. THE RAFT/THE LIFEBOAT - A SHORT TIME LATER B97
text: Pi pulls himself up to the bow of the lifeboat, sets a bucket
text: of water in the boat and blows his whistle. Richard Parker
text: sticks his head out from under the tarp.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Here, Richard Parker. I've got some
dialog: water for you.
text: Pi blows the whistle once more, casting the raft adrift
text: again. Richard Parker sniffs, then begins lapping greedily at
dialog: the water.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. RAFT - INSERT 103
text: INSERT of Pi writing in manual - text on page reflects Pi's
dialog: accompanying V.O.
speaker_heading: PI (VO)
dialog: In the zoo, we fed our tigers an
dialog: average of five kilos of meat a
dialog: day. Richard Parker will be getting
text: hungry soon.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. RAFT - CONTINUOUS 104
text: Pi chews for a moment, then spits out a blob of biscuit and
text: presses the food ball onto his hook, savoring the crumbs that
text: remain in his mouth. He tosses the hook and biscuit onto the
text: water - the hook sinks, leaving the crumble of biscuit
text: floating uselessly on the surface. Pi watches helplessly as
text: fish rise to the surface to nibble at the soggy crumbs.
speaker_heading: PI (V.O.)
dialog: Tigers are powerful swimmers, and,
dialog: if he gets hungry enough, I'm
text: afraid the little bit of water
dialog: between us won't be any protection.
dialog: I need to find a way to feed him.
dialog: God made tigers carnivores, so I
dialog: must learn to catch fish. If I
dialog: don't, I'm afraid his last meal
dialog: will be a skinny vegetarian boy.
text: Pi thinks a moment. He takes off one of his shoes, using the
text: knife to cut a sliver of leather off the side. He presses the
text: hook through the leather and tosses it in the water. Pi pulls
text: in his fishing line - the leather is gone.
scene_heading: A SHORT TIME
speaker_heading: LATER -
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. RAFT - DAY 105
text: Pi has cut his shoe into a dozen bits of leather and tried
dialog: fishing several times - Always with the same result. Richard
text: Parker, watching, mops at his jaw to wipe away drool - he's
text: clearly getting hungry.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Patience!
scene_heading: EXT. THE LIFEBOAT/THE RAFT - DUSK
text: Pi still fishes with no success. Richard Parker stares in the
text: water at the dorado. He leans over the side of the boat,
text: pawing hungrily at the surface as fish streak past - but the
text: fish elude him. Richard Parker leans out further, striking
text: with both paws - and finally jumps in altogether.
text: Richard Parker strikes and splashes as fish streak past. Pi
text: grins at the tiger's predicament - but the moment Richard
text: Parker realizes he can't climb back aboard, he begins
text: swimming toward the raft. Pi snaps to, recognizing the danger
text: he's in. He reels the raft over to the lifeboat, practically
text: leaping onto the bow.
text: As he hauls the raft aboard, Richard Parker manages to catch
text: the netting on the raft with one paw. Pi leans back against
text: an oar with all his weight, trying to lever the raft aboard;
text: the weight of the tiger tips the entire bow lower in the
text: water. Pi is about to lose the struggle when the tiger's claw
text: rips through the netting, and the lifeboat springs back up in
text: the water; the momentum flips the raft up onto the boat.
text: Pi turns, watching as Richard Parker swims up behind him
text: alongside the bow. He digs into the supply box and rises with
text: a hatchet in his hand, crossing to stand over the tiger and
text: blowing the whistle threateningly.
text: Standoff. Pi pumps the axe a few times, but cannot bring
text: himself to kill the tiger. Richard Parker stares up at Pi a
text: long moment, then paddles to the stern, trying once again to
text: pull himself aboard at the other end of the boat.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: What am I doing?
text: Pi kicks at the side of the boat in frustration, and is
text: surprised to hear a metal clunk. He finds a rectangular
text: aluminum air box used for bouyancy: Pi then pulls the tarp
text: back fully for the first time and examines the contents
dialog: below.
dialog: 49.
text: As he removes one of the floorboard panels, imagining new
text: uses for the wooden slats, he hears Richard Parker scratching
text: at the hull of the boat.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait - I'm thinking.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - NIGHT 107
text: Pi has tied a bunch of the flotation boxes to his raft and
text: loaded it with all the provisions from the lifeboat. He
text: points a flashlight beam over the side at the exhausted
text: Richard Parker, the tiger's face and whiskers just above the
text: surface of the water, scratching at the side of the boat.
text: Pi backs to the other end of the boat, pushing his raft into
text: the water with one hand as he rocks the boat to help Richard
text: Parker climb in. The moment the tiger is aboard, Pi climbs
text: onto the raft and pushes off, retreating to safety, blowing
text: the whistle to remind Richard Parker who's in command.
text: As he floats away, Pi collapses, exhausted, on the raft.
scene_heading: A107 EXT. THE RAFT - DAY A107
text: Pi goes through the supplies listed in his survival guide,
text: matching supplies to the pile of booty he's just retrieved
text: from the lifeboat.
speaker_heading: PI (WRITING - V.O.)
dialog: 93 cans of water...
scene_heading: B107 EXT. THE RAFT - DAY B107
text: Pi removes all of the lifejackets from under the life ring,
text: stacking them onto his latest raft structure. The empty
text: banana netting now drapes beneath the raft; Pi notices that
text: dorado are attracted to the net and gets an idea.
text: One of the dorados gets very close to the net - Pi realizes
text: his opportunity. He hauls in the netting and wrestles the
text: dorado onto the raft, flailing against the creature's
text: strength and throwing his full weight onto the creature to
text: keep it from sliding back into the ocean, riding it like a
text: bucking bronco. Pi grabs a hatchet from the raft and strikes
text: the fish over and over again. As the fish begins to die, it
text: flashes all kinds of colors in rapid succession - blue,
text: green, red, gold and violet flicker and shimmer neon-like on
text: its surface. Pi starts back, watching this colorful display
text: in terrified wonder. Finally, the fish ebbs to grey,
text: lifeless.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
text: Pi is devastated. He weeps, bringing his hands together,
text: pressing them against his forehead, murmuring a prayer to
text: himself and bowing over the dead fish in abject grief.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, Lord Vishnu. Thank you
dialog: for coming in the form of a fish
dialog: and saving our lives. Thank you...
scene_heading: 108 EXT. THE RAFT/THE LIFEBOAT - A SHORT TIME LATER 108
text: Pi reels himself over to the lifeboat. He moves around to the
text: side of the boat, grabs the dorado by the tail and throws the
text: entire fish over the side and into the stern. It lands with a
text: thud, and from somewhere inside the boat, Richard Parker lets
text: out a grunt of surprise.
text: After a moment, Pi hears the wet mashing noises of the tiger
text: devouring the fish. As Pi pushes away from the lifeboat, he
text: puts the whistle in his mouth, blowing a few sharp blasts to
dialog: remind Richard Parker who's in charge.
scene_heading: 112A EXT. THE RAFT - NIGHT 112A
text: A full moon. All around the raft, the green surface of the
text: water glows with millions of flecks of glowing plankton - and
text: beneath the surface, fish swim past at multiple depths and in
text: multiple directions. Pi brushes his fingers over the surface
text: of the water. The surface ripples where he touched it, the
text: plankton glowing more brightly, the effect moving outward and
text: downward through the water, an ever-expanding ring.
text: Pi hears a faint, rapid succession of blows. He peers into
text: the encroaching darkness but can see nothing. Richard Parker
text: is nowhere to be seen. The blows stop and Pi returns his
text: attention to the light show below.
text: Pi senses movement deep within the water, a cone of rushing
text: energy pressing up toward the luminescent surface.
text: Suddenly, the glowing silhouette of a huge creature wrapped
text: in phosphorescent plankton - a HUMPBACK WHALE - streaks to
text: the surface nearby, its mouth gaping. Fifty feet in length,
text: it thrusts itself up into the air. Pi barely has time to
text: react, gripping the raft and holding on for his life as the
text: whale comes crashing back down into the water.
dialog: 51.
text: The animal slips back into the ocean, creating a wave that
text: sends the raft swirling across the water's surface,
text: submerging for a moment, then bouncing off the side of the
dialog: lifeboat.
text: Pi's neatly-stacked water cans and biscuits tumble over the
text: side of the raft and into the ocean.
text: The whale disappears into the night, leaving Pi open-mouthed
text: and shaken.
speaker_heading: PI (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, I brought all the
text: biscuits and water on the raft with
dialog: me to keep them safe. Idiot.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. THE RAFT/LIFEBOAT - LATE AFTERNOON 116
text: A calm day; gentle waves. Afternoon, the sun beating down. Pi
text: wears his shirt wrapped around his head to hold off the heat.
speaker_heading: PI (V.O. - CONT'D)
dialog: Hunger can change everything you
dialog: ever thought you knew about
dialog: yourself.
text: Pi uses his knife to cut another scratch into the hull. There
text: are 38 scratches on the side of the lifeboat. He glances
text: down, staring longingly at the fish that swim just beneath
text: the raft, then looks across the lifeboat, where the gaff lies
text: hooked in the tarp close to the tiger's end of the boat.
text: Richard Parker is nowhere to be seen.
text: Pi reaches out with the boat hook to try to snag the gaff,
text: but it is hooked deeply into the tarp. He lays the boat hook
text: on the tarp and climbs aboard, crawling forward to free the
text: gaff. As he wiggles the hook free, Richard Parker's head pops
text: out from beneath the tarp only a few feet away.
text: Pi's winces, prepared for an attack. In an instant, he's
text: struck hard across the face - a stunning blow that sends him
text: backward onto the tarp.
text: Pause. Pi opens one eye. Richard Parker hasn't moved. Pi
text: looks down - a slender grey-blue fish with wings is flopping
text: about on the tarp. Pi has been hit by a flying fish.
text: Richard Parker has seen the flying fish as well. He rises to
text: his haunches. Pi grabs the flying fish and tosses it to
dialog: Richard Parker.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, it's yours.
dialog: 52.
text: The tiger stands, jaws opening in anticipation...
text: And then the fish extends its wings, veering at the last
text: second and dropping into the water. Richard Parker tries to
text: bat the fish down, but it's too quick for him. The tiger
text: turns back toward Pi with a questioning glare.
text: The air around the boat whirs to life as they are struck from
text: all directions by a school of flying fish that descends upon
text: them like a swarm of locusts. Some sail clear over the boat;
text: a number crash into the side. Other, less fortunate fish land
text: in the boat, where they start a racket of flapping and
text: flailing. Pi yelps in anguish as he is struck repeatedly.
text: The school of fish is being pursued through the ocean by
text: tuna. It is a feeding frenzy - the ocean boils with jumping
text: fish and snapping jaws.
text: Richard Parker becomes totally absorbed in the kill, leaping,
text: blocking, and batting down as many of the fish as he can.
text: A fat, three-foot long yellowfin tuna lands onboard, cracking
text: hard against the center bench and falling, stunned and
text: twitching, into the boat.
text: Pi sees Richard Parker's head swivel in his direction. In a
text: moment of insanity brought on by hunger, Pi reaches back and
text: grabs the boat hook from the tarp, shoving it aggressively
text: into the tiger's face just as Richard Parker launches
dialog: forward.
text: The boat hook catches Richard Parker square in the mouth; the
text: tiger staggers back in shock and growls in outrage. Pi rises
text: up to his full height, staring directly into the tiger's eyes
text: and shouting in fury, his gaze wide, his posture defiant.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
text: MINE!!!! MINE!!! AHHH!!
dialog: AAAAHHHH!!!!
text: Boy and tiger face off for several seconds, both panting,
text: neither blinking nor showing fear, as the rain of fish
text: gradually slows around them.
text: Richard Parker turns his focus from Pi and takes in the
text: situation around him. Realizing that he stands up to his
text: knees in a pile of flying fish, he turns his attention to a
dialog: more convenient meal.
text: Pi uses the gaff to snag the tuna, shoving it to the farthest
text: edge of the bow. As he rises, late afternoon light casts
text: golden flames across the surface of the water, throwing Pi
text: into backlight.
dialog: 53.
text: Pi picks up the boat hook and turns to face Richard Parker.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAFT - SUNSET
text: Pi takes a small piece of tuna and gingerly raises it to his
text: lips, tasting flesh for the first time. A pause as he savors
text: the taste, considering... and then hunger takes him over. He
text: grabs at the tuna, stuffing pieces into his mouth, devouring
dialog: it.
scene_heading: A132 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAY A132
text: Pi uses a bandage from the first aid kit to wrap a cut on his
text: leg. As he works, he glances back toward the boat, deep in
text: contemplation.
speaker_heading: PI (V.O.)
dialog: I can't risk my life every time I
dialog: have to climb onto the boat for
dialog: supplies. It's time to settle this.
dialog: If we're going to live together, we
dialog: have to learn to communicate.
scene_heading: B132 EXT. THE RAFT - DAY B132
text: Pi reaches into the stern, prying loose a seven-foot strip of
text: wooden molding that lines the front edge of the seats.
speaker_heading: PI (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe Richard Parker cannot be
dialog: tamed, but with God's will, he can
dialog: be trained.
text: Pi works intently with his knife, whittling the strip of
text: molding into a long tapered wand with a handgrip on one end.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAY 133
text: Pi crosses the tarp, approaching Richard Parker with his new
dialog: training stick.
text: The tiger backs off as Pi approaches - curious and annoyed.
text: Pi uses the stick to probe into the tiger's territory,
text: testing his limits; Richard Parker gets angry, batting at the
text: stick. Pi looks away, tries again, then turns to face Richard
text: Parker, who growls, angry and begins batting at the stick.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: NO!
dialog: 54.
text: Pi gives the tiger a stern glare. RP stops, stares back, then
text: backs off.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Good.
text: Pi reaches into a pouch behind his back, taking out a piece
text: of fish. He places it on the end of the stick and reaches
text: out, offering it to Richard Parker, who sniffs the air.
text: Pi puts the fish on the bench. Richard Parker eats the fish,
text: then backs up, growing calmer.
text: Pi takes out another fish, reaches out to tap the bench, then
text: tosses the fish on the bench. Richard Parker takes the fish,
dialog: eats.
text: Pi tosses the next piece near the edge of the tarp and taps,
text: encouraging Richard Parker to follow his direction.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Go Richard Parker. Go. Go on home;
dialog: I'll leave you alone. I'll respect
dialog: that. I promise. Go, c'mon.
text: Richard Parker stares at Pi. Pi raises his arms and yells,
text: chasing Richard Parker around the bench and under the tarp.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes!
text: Pi sits, the battle over.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT/THE RAFT - DAY 137
text: The sun is high. Pi raises the adjustable canopy he has
text: rigged on his raft and sits beneath it. He feels the wind on
text: his face and watches Richard Parker lounge in the stern of
text: the lifeboat. Pi smiles, for a moment genuinely happy.
text: He uses his knife to carefully sharpen his pencil, then
text: begins writing in the margins of his survival manual, which
dialog: are covered with journal entries...
text: `LIFE IS GOOD' MONTAGE - Pi's raft has transformed again.
text: Fish strips dry on lines; he has fashioned new tools, rigged
text: an elaborate water collection system out of turtle shells,
text: and a collapsible shade umbrella.
text: - Pi trims his fingernails, a fish bone toothpick in his
dialog: mouth.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: PI (WRITING - V.O.)
dialog: I never thought a small piece of
dialog: shade could bring me so much
dialog: happiness. That a pile of tools - a
dialog: bucket, a knife, a pencil- might
dialog: become my greatest treasures. Or
dialog: that knowing Richard Parker was
dialog: here might ever bring me peace. In
dialog: times like these, I remember that
dialog: he has as little experience of the
dialog: real world as I do. We were both
text: raised in a zoo by the same master.
dialog: Now we've been orphaned, left to
dialog: face our ultimate master together.
dialog: Without Richard Parker, I would
dialog: have died by now. My fear of him
dialog: keeps me alert. Tending to his
dialog: needs gives my life purpose.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. RAFT - DAY 138
text: A school of dolphins, hundreds of them, pass in the distance,
text: the blue sea roiling.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Dolphins, Richard Parker!
text: Just beyond the school of dolphin, something else catches
text: Pi's attention on the horizon - a freighter, much like the
text: Tsimtsum, is within a few miles of their position.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
text: Hey! HEY!! WE'RE HERE!! OVER HERE!!
text: Pi scrambles to the storage locker, pulling out the flare
text: gun. He loads and fires - the flare arcs high up into the
text: air, a miniature white star leaving a bright trail of fire
text: and smoke as it falls to the earth.
speaker_heading: LATER -
scene_heading: 139 EXT. RAFT - SUNSET 139
text: It's grown noticeably darker. The freighter is far off now.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - NIGHT 140
text: It is late now. Pi loads the last flare into his gun and
text: raises it into the air - then stops. The freighter, now a
text: fleck on the horizon, hasn't seen them. Pi watches as the
text: dark form of the boat sinks from view.
dialog: 56.
text: Pi fires one last time, staring up at the archways of smoke
text: and the darkening sky. Pi lowers the flare gun. Richard
text: Parker yawns and turns away.
speaker_heading: PI (WRITING - V.O.)
dialog: Above all, don't lose hope...
text: The flare burns a hole into the night.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT, MONTHS LATER - DAY 141
text: HIGH ANGLE ("book cover" shot) - looking down on the boat,
text: adrift in the middle of the ocean. Pi lies curled on the tarp
text: in the bow; Richard Parker lies in the stern. Beneath the
text: boat, the ocean swirls with traffic, including an enormous
text: whale shark. It passes beneath the boat, the creature's form
text: blotting out the depths.
scene_heading: A141 ONBOARD - A141
text: A series of shots to show that Pi has grown gaunt, his eyes
text: wild from exhaustion and endless solitude. The tarp has
text: faded; the paint on the boat has become sun-bleached and
text: weather- beaten. Pi's hair has grown long; his skin has
text: darkened from olive-caramel to cocoa. The shirt has begun to
text: take on a look of thread-worn transparency.
text: He taps on the aluminum hull of the boat with his thumb in
dialog: time with his recitation:
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: ...645682948602814931815602496...
scene_heading: EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - NIGHT
text: Richard Parker gazes into the distance; Pi stares intently
text: at the tiger.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: What are you looking at...? Tell
dialog: me. What do you see?
text: The tiger turns and looks over the side of the boat into the
text: water; Pi rises and looks over the side as well, staring into
dialog: the depths...
dialog: 57.
text: RP'S POV - starting on his own reflection in the water and
text: traveling downward, through schools of darting tuna, squid
text: and lantern fish, past fleeting memories of a storm and zoo
text: animals struggling to survive in churning waters and into the
text: darkest recesses of the sea, Pi finding a broken ship and
text: memories of a former life lying dormant on the ocean floor...
text: OUT OF POV - Richard Parker looks over at Pi as he gazes into
dialog: the water.
text: Cut to an extremely wide shot of the boat floating in a sea
dialog: of stars.
speaker_heading: PI (WRITING - V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Words are all I have left to hang
dialog: onto...
scene_heading: 147 EXT. LIFEBOAT - DAY 147
text: Pi's fingers tremble as he writes in his manual, the tiny
text: cramped letters barely legible, every white surface of the
dialog: page covered.
speaker_heading: PI (WRITING - V.O.)
text: Everything mixed up, fragmented.
dialog: Can't tell daydreams, night dreams
dialog: from reality anym --
text: The lead in his tiny stub of a pencil runs out, worn to a nub
text: of wood. Pi slowly puts down his pencil, brooding.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAY 148
text: Pi lies on the tarp, his position nearly unchanged, beating a
text: drum rhythm on the hull, a wreck of conflicted thoughts and
text: frayed nerves.
text: We hear a distant rumble of thunder. Pi raises his head. Dark
text: thunderclouds rise up over the horizon blackening the
text: heavens. Another rumble of thunder, this one closer.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Storm! Storm, Richard Parker!
scene_heading: 149 EXT. LIFEBOAT - DAY 149
text: Pi takes down the canopy on the raft. Pi begins quickly
text: stowing his gear in the storage bench, beneath the tarp.
text: Richard Parker flees to the safety of his den under the tarp.
text: As Pi stows gear, he remembers his manual and takes it out
text: from his waistband.
dialog: 58.
text: The storm front sweeps across the ocean in a squall line,
text: high winds and rain striking Pi and the lifeboat with
text: tremendous force. The manual slips from his hands and Pi is
text: knocked off his feet and into the water. He lifts his head
text: out of the water in time to watch the manual flying off into
dialog: the storm.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: No!
text: The manual is gone. Pi ties himself to the lifeboat with a
text: rope from the raft.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. LIFEBOAT - DAY 150
text: a stunning display of clouds and lightning fills the sky, as
text: Pi looks on in awe. The sky lights up, a vivid white splinter
text: of lightning crashing down from the sky, puncturing the water
text: near the lifeboat. The water is shot through with what looks
text: like the white roots of an enormous celestial tree; the clap
text: of thunder is tremendous.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Praise be to God, Lord of All
dialog: Worlds, the Compassionate, the
dialog: Merciful!
text: A wave washes Pi off of the tarp and onto the floor of the
text: boat. Pi climbs onto the bench. He looks up in wonder at the
text: sky, overwhelmed by the magnificence of the roiling clouds.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: It's beautiful... Where are you,
dialog: Richard Parker? You have to see
dialog: this!
text: Another angle: he begins unbuttoning the tarp, calling
text: excitedly to Richard Parker.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Come out Richard Parker! Come see
dialog: the hand of God!
text: Pi continues to unfasten the tarp.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't hide yourself! He's come to
dialog: us! It's a miracle!
text: A huge wave envelopes the lifeboat, submerging the craft
text: completely - and then the boat pops to the surface like a
text: cork. Pi resumes opening the tarp. He tears it aside,
text: exposing the terrified animal to the storm.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
text: COME OUT AND SEE GOD RICHARD
speaker_heading: PARKER!
text: The sky lights up all around them. The tiger begins roaring,
text: pawing at the air, eyes wide, crazed with fear. Pi turns to
dialog: face the storm.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: WHY ARE YOU SCARING HIM! I'VE LOST
dialog: MY FAMILY - I'VE LOST EVERYTHING! I
text: SURRENDER! WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?
text: A wave washes Pi overboard, and the raft comes crashing down
text: on top of the lifeboat, then slides away. Pi climbs back on
text: board. He lies on the bench, coming to his senses, realizing
text: the extent of the danger they face. He sees Richard Parker
text: cowering miserably at the stern.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry Richard Parker!
text: Pi crawls to the bow in time to see the raft, no longer tied
text: to the lifeboat, drifting away. Pounded by rain and surf, he
text: works his way around the edge of the boat, re-hooking the
text: tarp to tarp hooks. With only four left unfastened along one
text: side, he pulls himself under the tarp.
scene_heading: 151 INT. THE LIFEBOAT, UNDER THE TARP - CONTINUOUS 151
text: Thunder, rain and surf hammer the tarp from above; Pi pulls
text: himself under the tarp. Richard Parker's grunts and labored
text: breathing can be heard, but man and beast are only fully
text: visible when lightning strikes, Pi trying to stay as far away
text: from the tiger as he can manage. Before long the boat is
text: tossing Pi and the tiger as though in a washing machine, the
text: two helplessly colliding with one another, Pi choking as
text: water splashes in.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAY 152
text: Pi wakes in the sloshing water under the tarp. Sunlight
text: filters in from above. The storm has passed. Richard Parker
text: lies listlessly in the side bench. Pi climbs out of the
text: waterlogged hull. A double rainbow pierces majestic clouds,
text: the sun breaking through.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - DAY 153
text: The gentle sound of water lapping at the side of the
text: lifeboat; the breeze rattling the tarp. Time has passed;
dialog: 60.
text: life on the boat has grown tougher for Pi, his supplies more
text: meager, since the raft was lost.
text: Pi lies in the bow, exhausted, delirious. He pulls himself
text: upright, takes a drink of water and looks around, confused.
text: Richard Parker lies in the stern of the boat, severely
text: emaciated, his coat dull, his eyes clouded. Shivering, Pi
text: uses the last of his strength to drag himself over to the
text: tiger. The animal's body is curled, his tail flat. Some of
text: his fur has fallen away from his shoulders and haunches. He's
text: a skeleton in an oversized bag of fur. Pi reaches out to
text: place a hand on the tiger. He gently touches him on one spot.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: We're dying, Richard Parker. I'm
dialog: sorry.
text: Pi sits and places the tiger's head on his lap.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: Amma, Appa, Ravi - I'm happy I'm
dialog: going to see you soon.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Can you feel the rain?
text: Richard Parker raises his head slightly; his tail twitches.
speaker_heading: PI (CONT'D)
dialog: God, thank you for giving me my
dialog: life. I'm ready now.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT/THE ISLAND - DAY 158
text: Pi lies, unconscious, in the bow of the lifeboat. Waves lap
text: at the sides of the boat, which presses against the shore of
dialog: an island.
text: A gust of wind blows across Pi's face, tousling his hair. Pi
text: gradually opens his eyes. A beat. He tips his head back.
text: Pi's POV - above and behind him, the tops of trees.
text: Pi turns, looking at the island, amazed. The trees have a
text: pale bark with an amazing profusion of leaves, their color
text: burning with a neon-like intensity. There is no sand; instead
text: the ground is an intricate, tightly webbed mass of tube-
text: shaped seaweed, about two fingers in diameter.
text: Pi turns to look back to the stern; he calls under the tarp.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Richard Parker?
dialog: 61.
text: Pi rises, stepping out of the boat. The seaweed is rubbery -
text: uncertain ground. His legs are wobbly. He hooks the gaff on a
text: root and falls to the ground. Pi tears up a piece of the
text: seaweed and examines it. He takes an experimental bite. Soon
text: he's grabbing handfuls of the seaweed, eating as fast as he
dialog: can.
text: Pi climbs the ridge on unsteady legs. A forest comes into
text: view with nearly symmetrical ponds dotting the island here
text: and there, many of them reaching 40 feet in diameter.
text: Half the island seems to be covered with meerkats - thousands
text: of them standing together in groups all over the island. The
text: moment the first of the meerkats notices Pi, it turns and
text: stands on its hind legs - and the others immediately follow
dialog: suit.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISLAND - DAY
text: Pi walks slowly forward, taking in the meerkats and the
text: island. Gradually, the meerkats return to all fours - their
text: squeaking and barking noises coming and going in waves
text: throughout the herd. They pay him so little attention that Pi
text: has to shove them aside with his legs in order to walk.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Excuse me... Go on, move!
text: Pi walks beyond the throng of meerkats toward a pond, pausing
text: to examine the fish bones that litter the edge of one of the
text: ponds. The edge is steep; he gets too close, slips down the
text: side and into the water. Pi tastes the water. He begins a
text: gentle, blissful breaststroke across the pond.
text: Pi hears a commotion. He lifts himself up to peer over at the
text: meerkats. In the distance, Richard Parker blazes a trail
text: through the meerkats, catching, pinning and eating as many as
text: he can. Pi smiles, watching the tiger.
speaker_heading: LATER:
scene_heading: 164 EXT. THE TREE - SUNSET 164
text: Pi sits cradled in a nest of branches, rigging a hammock. As
text: the last rays of the sun disappear, he hears a commotion
text: below on the island and pushes aside branches to see better.
text: The meerkats are abandoning the ponds, scurrying up onto land
text: and running for the forest, their collective stampede noisier
text: than a herd of elephants. Richard Parker, in the meantime,
text: runs for the shoreline, scrambling down the ridge as fast as
text: possible and leaping into the lifeboat.
dialog: 62.
text: The trunk beneath Pi is swarmed as meerkats settle upon all
text: the branches in the tree. Several invade Pi's hammock,
text: sitting on him, climbing over him, making themselves
text: comfortable at his expense.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: Hey! Hey! Hey c'mon. Hey! Hey-get
dialog: away. This is my bed!
text: Pi shoves them off as best he can and settles in for the
dialog: night.
scene_heading: 165 EXT. UP IN THE TREE - NIGHT 165
text: Pi sleeps, nestled in the branches of the tree.
text: Meerkats snore - at least one of them in the branches beneath
text: Pi does. Pi wakes up, staring grumpily into the darkness at
text: the noisy offender.
text: He is amazed to discover that what he can see of the island
text: from his perch is bioluminescent. The leaves of the tree
text: around him and the seaweed below all glow in gentle greens,
text: while the ponds beneath seem to shimmer like liquid silver -
text: it is a scene at once beautiful and threatening.
text: Pi hears a burbling noise coming from the pond at the center
text: of the tree. He looks down; fish bubble to the surface. One
text: of the larger fish writhes in agony at the surface before
text: falling still along with the others.
text: Pi watches as the water below begins churning with the bodies
text: of the dead fish, the surface of the water aswirl with the
text: flash of fins - then gradually the fish begin to disappear,
text: as though slowly dissolving in the water. Pi stares at the
text: mysterious pool, then looks out over the island to where the
text: lifeboat is anchored along shore -
text: Richard Parker is visible, sitting in the boat, staring up at
dialog: the island.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. THE LIFEBOAT - NIGHT 166
text: CLOSE ON RICHARD PARKER staring into the night.
scene_heading: 168 EXT. LIFEBOAT - NIGHT 168
text: WIDE ANGLE - looking over the tiger's shoulder, taking in the
text: entire island. From this distance, it looks - and sounds - as
text: though the island is gently expanding and contracting with
text: the tides... as though it is breathing.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: 169 EXT. UP IN THE TREE - NIGHT 169
text: Pi notices fruit growing on one of the branches above his
text: head. He looks around at the rest of the tree, but the fruit
text: only seems to grow along the one branch. Pi plucks one of the
text: fruits and examines it. Each stem that he pulls causes a leaf
text: to peel off. He reaches the center of the ball, peeling back
text: the last of the leaves, to reveal a tooth.
speaker_heading: FLASH FORWARD
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: 170 INT. PI'S HOME, MONTREAL - LATE AFTERNOON 170
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: It was human tooth?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Don't you see, the island was
dialog: carnivorous.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Carnivorous? Like... a Venus
dialog: flytrap?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Yes, the whole island - the plants,
dialog: the water in those pools, the very
text: ground itself. During the day,
dialog: those pools held fresh water, but
dialog: at night, some chemical process
dialog: turned the water in those pools
dialog: into acid - acid that dissolved
dialog: those fish, that sent the meerkats
text: scurrying into the trees and
text: Richard Parker running to the boat.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: But where did the tooth come from?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Years ago, some poor fellow just
dialog: like me must have found himself
dialog: stranded on that island.... And
dialog: like me he thought he might stay
dialog: there forever. But all that the
dialog: island gave him by day, it took
dialog: away again by night. To think - how
dialog: many hours spent with only meerkats
dialog: for company? How much loneliness
dialog: taken on?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (CONT'D)
dialog: All I know is that eventually he
text: died, and the island digested him,
dialog: leaving behind only his teeth. I
dialog: saw how my life would end if I
dialog: stayed on that island. Alone and
dialog: forgotten. I had to go back to the
dialog: world, or die trying.
scene_heading: 171 EXT. ISLAND/LIFEBOAT - DAY 171
text: Pi loads the boat with water and meerkats; the tarp is piled
text: high with roots and seaweed.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: I spent the next day preparing the
dialog: boat. I filled my stores with fresh
dialog: water, ate seaweed until my stomach
dialog: could take no more, and brought as
dialog: many meerkats as I could fit into
dialog: the storage locker for Richard
dialog: Parker. I couldn't leave without
dialog: him, of course - it would mean
dialog: killing him. And so I waited for
dialog: his return. I knew he wouldn't be
dialog: late.
text: He blows his whistle, calling:
speaker_heading: PI
scene_heading: RICHARD PARKER!
scene_heading: 172 EXT. THE ISLAND/LIFEBOAT - SUNSET 172
text: Richard Parker runs down the ridge and jumps into the stern.
text: Pi climbs aboard and shoves off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 173 EXT. OCEAN NEAR ISLAND - LIFEBOAT - SUNSET 173
text: Pi and the tiger watch as the island recedes into the
text: distance, lit by the late afternoon sun.
speaker_heading: PI (V.O)
dialog: No one has ever seen that floating
dialog: island since; you won't read about
dialog: those trees in any nature book. And
dialog: yet if I hadn't found those shores,
dialog: I would have died. And if I hadn't
dialog: discovered that tooth, I would have
dialog: been lost, alone forever.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: PI (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: Even when God seemed to have
dialog: abandoned me, He was watching.
dialog: Even when He seemed indifferent to
dialog: my suffering, He was watching. And
dialog: when I was beyond all hope of
dialog: saving, He gave me rest, then gave
dialog: me a sign to continue my journey.
scene_heading: 177 EXT. THE MEXICAN COAST/THE JUNGLE - DAY 177
text: Pi leans over the side of the lifeboat. He falls overboard.
text: We follow him underwater, his feet - hit a sandy bottom.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: By the time we reached the Mexican
dialog: shore, I was afraid to let go of
dialog: the boat. My strength was gone. I
dialog: was so weak. I was afraid that in
text: two feet of water, so close to
dialog: deliverance, I would drown. I
dialog: struggled to shore and fell upon
text: the sand. It was warm and soft,
dialog: like pressing my face against the
dialog: cheek of God. And somewhere two
dialog: eyes were smiling at having me
dialog: there.
text: An empty coastline, nothing but sand, rocks and jungle. Pi
text: struggles to bring the lifeboat ashore. Richard Parker is
text: hiding under the tarp, nowhere to be seen. Pi pulls the
text: painter line until the boat is on the beach, then collapses
text: on the sand.
scene_heading: 177 EXT. THE MEXICAN COAST/THE JUNGLE - DAY 177
text: Pi collapses on the beach. He hears Richard Parker coming a
text: moment before he sees him; Pi turns, looking up as the tiger
text: jumps over the boy, stretching in the air above him and
text: landing in the water ahead of him.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
dialog: I was so spent I couldn't move. And
dialog: so Richard Parker went ahead of me.
text: Richard Parker walks along the beach, his gait clumsy and
text: uncoordinated from so much time spent at sea.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
text: He stretched his legs and walked
text: along the shore.
dialog: 66.
text: Richard Parker stops, staring ahead into the forest, his back
text: to the boy. Pi watches the tiger from behind, Richard
text: Parker's ribs gently rising and falling as he smells the
text: jungle air.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.)
text: At the edge of the jungle, he
dialog: stopped. I was certain he was going
text: to look back at me, flatten his
text: ears to his head, growl - that he'd
dialog: bring our relationship to an end in
text: some way. But he just stared ahead
text: into the jungle.
scene_heading: 178 INT. PI'S HOME, DINING ROOM, MONTREAL - SUNSET 178
dialog: On Adult Pi alone:
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: And then Richard Parker, my fierce
dialog: companion, the terrible one who
dialog: kept me alive, disappeared forever
dialog: from my life.
scene_heading: 181 EXT. THE MEXICAN COAST/THE JUNGLE - DAY 181
text: Pi lies on the sand a few yards from the water. A group of
text: six MEXICAN LOCALS hurry down the beach to him.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: After a few hours, a member of my
dialog: own species found me. He left and
text: returned with a group who carried
dialog: me away.
text: Pi sobs uncontrollably as they carry him to safety.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I wept like a child, not because I
dialog: was overwhelmed at having survived,
dialog: although I was. I was weeping
dialog: because Richard Parker left me
dialog: so... unceremoniously. It broke my
dialog: heart.
scene_heading: 174 INT. PI'S HOME - DINING ROOM - MONTREAL - NEAR SUNSET 174
text: It is near sunset, the light from the windows casting theroom
text: in a golden hue - the same lighting we have just seen as Pi
dialog: was leaving the island.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: You know, my father was right.
dialog: Richard Parker never saw me as his
dialog: friend. After all we'd been
text: through, he didn't even look back.
dialog: But I have to believe that there
dialog: was more in his eyes than my own
text: reflection staring back at me. I
dialog: know I felt it - even if I can't
dialog: prove it. I just wish...
dialog: (Beat. He sighs.)
dialog: You know, I've left so much behind.
dialog: My family, the zoo, Anandi, India -
dialog: I suppose in the end the whole of
text: life becomes an act of letting go.
dialog: But what always hurts the most is
dialog: not taking the moment to say
dialog: goodbye. I was never able to thank
dialog: my father for all I learned from
dialog: him, to tell him that without his
dialog: lessons I would never have
dialog: survived...
dialog: And I know he's a tiger, but I wish
dialog: I'd said: 'It's over. We've
dialog: survived. Thank you for saving my
dialog: life. I love you, Richard Parker.
dialog: You will always be with me. May God
dialog: be with you.'
text: The Writer shakes his head, astonished.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: I don't know what to say.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Hard to believe, isn't it?
text: A pause as the writer decides how to respond.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: It is a lot to take in, to figure
dialog: out what it all means.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: If it happened, it happened. Why
dialog: should it have to mean anything?
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Well, some of it is pretty
dialog: incredible.
text: Pi nods - a half-smile - then rises, crossing to the
dialog: bookshelf.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: I was the only one who survived the
dialog: shipwreck, so the Japanese shipping
dialog: company sent two men to talk to me
dialog: in the Mexican hospital where I was
dialog: recovering. I still have a copy of
dialog: their report.
text: Pi takes a tattered notebook out of the bookcase.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (CONT'D)
dialog: They had insurance claims to
dialog: settle, and they wanted to find out
dialog: why the ship sank. They didn't
dialog: believe me either.
text: Pi hands the notebook to the Writer. On top, there is a
text: newspaper article with the headline "BOY RESCUED: 227 DAYS IN
text: THE PACIFIC." The Writer unclips the article, revealing the
text: insurance report beneath. We hear Okamoto's first line over
dialog: the report.
scene_heading: A175 INT. INFIRMARY - MEXICO, 1978 - DAY A175
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: Thousands of meerkats? On a
dialog: floating carnivorous island? And no
dialog: one has ever seen it?
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI
dialog: Yes. Just like I told you.
speaker_heading: CHIBA
dialog: Bananas don't float.
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: (In Japanese:)
dialog: Why are you talking about bananas?
speaker_heading: CHIBA
dialog: You said the orangutan floated to
dialog: you on a bundle of bananas. But
dialog: bananas don't float.
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: (In Japanese:)
dialog: Are you sure about that?
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI
dialog: Of course they do. Try it for
dialog: yourself.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: In any case, we are not here to
dialog: talk about bananas or meerkats.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI
dialog: I've just told you a long story.
dialog: I'm very tired.
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: We're here because a Japanese cargo
text: ship sank in the Pacific.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI
dialog: Something I never forget. I lost my
dialog: whole family.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: (In Japanese:)
dialog: Get him some water.
dialog: (In English:)
dialog: We don't mean to push you. And you
dialog: have our deepest sympathies. But
dialog: we've come a long way. And we're no
dialog: closer to understanding why the
dialog: ship sank.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI
dialog: Because I don't know. I was asleep.
dialog: Something woke me up. It may have
dialog: been an explosion; I can't be sure.
dialog: And then the ship sank. What else
dialog: do you want from me?
speaker_heading: CHIBA (OFF)
dialog: A story that won't make us look
dialog: like fools.
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: We need a simpler story for our
dialog: report. One our company can
dialog: understand. A story we can all
dialog: believe.
dialog: (Chiba gives Pi a glass of
dialog: water.)
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI
dialog: So.... a story without things you
dialog: never seen before.
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: That's right.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI
dialog: Without surprises. Without animals
dialog: or islands.
speaker_heading: OKAMOTO
dialog: Yes. The truth.
scene_heading: B175 INT. PI'S HOME, MONTREAL - DAY B175
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: So what did you do?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: I told him another story. Four of
dialog: us survived...
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI (V.O. - OVERLAPPING)
dialog: Four of us survived...
scene_heading: C175 INT. INFIRMARY, MEXICO, 1978 - DAY C175
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI
dialog: ...The cook and the sailor were
dialog: already onboard. The cook threw me
dialog: a lifebuoy and pulled me aboard.
text: Mother held onto some bananas and
text: made it to the lifeboat. The cook,
dialog: the cook was a disgusting man. He
dialog: ate a rat. We had food enough for
dialog: weeks, but he found the rat in the
dialog: first few days - and he killed it,
dialog: and dried it in the sun and ate it.
dialog: He was such a brute, that man. But
dialog: he was resourceful. It was his idea
dialog: to build the raft to catch fish. We
dialog: would have died in those first few
dialog: days without him. The sailor was
dialog: the same man who brought rice with
dialog: gravy, the Buddhist. We didn't
dialog: understand much of what he said,
dialog: only that he was suffering. I can
dialog: still hear him - the happy Buddhist
dialog: who only ate rice with gravy. He
dialog: had broken his leg horribly in the
dialog: fall. We tried to set it as best we
dialog: could, but the leg became infected
dialog: and the cook told us we had to do
dialog: something or he'd die. The cook
dialog: said he'd do it, but mother and I
dialog: had to hold the man down. And I
dialog: believed him - we needed to do it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI (CONT'D)
dialog: So... I kept saying, "I'm sorry, I'm
dialog: sorry", but he just kept.. looking
dialog: at me, his eyes so... I'll never
dialog: understand the point of that man's
dialog: suffering. We didn't save him, of
dialog: course. He died. The morning after,
dialog: the cook caught his first dorado,
dialog: and I didn't understand what he'd
dialog: done at first, but Mother did, and
dialog: I'd never seen her so angry. 'Stop
dialog: whining and be happy,' he said. "We
dialog: need more food or we'll die. That
dialog: was the whole point.' 'What was the
dialog: point?' Mother asked. "You let that
dialog: poor boy die in order to get bait?
dialog: You monster!' The cook got furious.
text: He started towards her with his
text: fists raised, and Mother slapped
text: him hard, right across the face. I
dialog: was stunned. I thought he was going
dialog: to kill her right then. But he
text: didn't. The cook didn't stop at
dialog: bait either, no. The sailor, he
dialog: went the same way the rat went -
dialog: the cook was a resourceful man. It
dialog: was a week later that he... Because
dialog: of me. Because I couldn't hold onto
dialog: a stupid turtle. It slipped out of
dialog: my hands and swam away and the cook
dialog: came up and punched me on the side
dialog: of the head and my teeth clacked
dialog: and I saw stars. I thought he was
dialog: going to hit me again, but then
text: Mother started pounding on him with
text: her fists and screaming, "MONSTER!
dialog: MONSTER!" She yelled at me to go to
dialog: the raft - "Nee poda!" I thought
dialog: she was coming with me or I'd never
dialog: have... I don't know why I didn't
dialog: make her go first. I think about
dialog: that every day. I jumped over and
text: turned back just as the knife came
dialog: out. There wasn't anything I could
dialog: do; I couldn't look away... He
text: threw her body overboard. Then the
dialog: sharks came. I saw what they... I
dialog: saw. The next day I killed him. He
dialog: didn't even fight back. He knew he
dialog: had gone too far, even by his
dialog: standards. He'd left the knife out
dialog: on the bench. And I did to him what
dialog: he did to the sailor. He was such
text: an evil man, but worse still, he
dialog: brought the evil out in me.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PI (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to live with that. I was
text: alone in a lifeboat, drifting
dialog: across the Pacific Ocean. And I
dialog: survived.
scene_heading: 176 INT. PI'S HOME - DINING ROOM - MONTREAL - SUNSET 176
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: After that, no more questions. The
dialog: investigators didn't seem to like
dialog: the story, exactly - but they
dialog: thanked me, they wished me well,
dialog: and they left.
text: Pause. The Writer speaks his thoughts aloud as the
text: realization strikes.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: So... the stories... Both the zebra
dialog: and the sailor broke their leg. And
text: the hyena killed the zebra and the
dialog: orangutan. So ... the hyena is the
dialog: cook. And the sailor is the zebra,
dialog: mother is the orangutan... and
dialog: you're... the tiger.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Can I ask you something?
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: I've told you two stories about
dialog: what happened out on the ocean.
dialog: Neither explains what caused the
dialog: sinking of the ship, and no one can
dialog: prove which story is true and which
text: is not. In both stories, the ship
dialog: sinks, my family dies, and I
dialog: suffer.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: True.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: So which story do you prefer?
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: The story with the tiger. That's
dialog: the better story.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: (Heartfelt:)
dialog: Thank you. And so it goes with God.
speaker_heading: WRITER
text: (Pause. He looks up.)
dialog: Mamaji was right. It is an amazing
dialog: story. Will you really let me write
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Of course. Isn't that why Mamaji
dialog: sent you here, after all?
text: They hear a car pulling into the alleyway alongside the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI (CONT'D)
dialog: My wife is here. Would you like to
dialog: stay for dinner? She's an
dialog: incredible cook.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: I didn't know you had a wife.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
text: And a cat, and two children.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: So your story does have a happy
dialog: ending.
speaker_heading: ADULT PI
dialog: Well, that's up to you. The story's
dialog: yours now.
text: The Writer smiles. Outside, car doors slam; we hear voices as
text: Pi's wife and children cross around to the front. Pi rises
text: and moves to the door. The Writer glances one final time at
text: the report. He flips the page and hesitates, reading the last
text: few lines aloud.
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: (Reading:)
dialog: "Mr. Patel's is an astounding story
dialog: of courage and endurance
dialog: unparalleled in the history of
text: shipwrecks. Very few castaways can
dialog: claim to have survived so long at
dialog: sea, and none in the company of...
text: (He looks up at Pi)
dialog: ...an adult Bengal tiger."
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: PI
dialog: (Off:)
dialog: We have a guest. Let me introduce
dialog: you...
text: THE WRITER stands and faces Pi. We see his POV - on Pi,
text: holding his daughter in arms, surrounded by his family,
dialog: smiling...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 183 EXT. THE MEXICAN COAST/THE JUNGLE - DAY 183
text: YOUNG PI'S POV of Richard Parker from behind as he stares
text: into the jungle, the tiger's ribs gently rising and falling
text: as he smells the jungle air - and then he walks forward and
text: disappears into the swaying trees.
text: The moment that the tiger is out of view, all the color
text: drains out of Pi's world; his view of the trees loses all
text: dimension and fades to black and white as we...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
