dialog: 
speaker_heading: "LIFE"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Robert Ramsey and Matthew Stone
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 1999
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CEMETERY -- DAY
text: A handful of people are gathered in an open field under a
text: fierce Mississippi sun. A couple of young inmates, JAKE and
text: LEON, lean on their shovels. They are waiting to bury two
text: identical CASKETS with inmate numbers stenciled on the
text: pinewood lids.
text: A GUARD rests the butt of his rifle on the ground and takes
text: a long, healthy pull from his canteen. He offers it to the
text: PRISON CHAPLAIN, who is much obliged. SUPERINTENDENT BILL
text: BURKE, a 40-year-old black man, glances at his watch and
text: loosens his tie. Sure is hot.
text: MARY HUMPHRIES, an elderly white woman in a nurse's uniform,
text: stands behind WILLIE LONG, an ancient inmate sleeping
text: peacefully in a wheelchair. She readjusts an umbrella to
text: shield the old black man from the blistering sun.
text: Burke dabs his forehead with a handkerchief. He gives the
text: nod to the chaplain, who steps forward and cracks his bible.
text: The men remove their hats.
speaker_heading: CHAPLAIN
dialog: In accordance with the regulations
dialog: of the State of Mississippi, we gather
dialog: here today to lay to rest the remains
dialog: of inmates R. Gibson, number 4316,
dialog: and C. Banks, number 4317. Ashes to
dialog: ashes, dust to dust. May God have
dialog: mercy on their souls.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Go ahead, fellas.
text: The young inmates plunge their shovels into the dirt. One by
text: one, the mourners head back toward a prison van parked on a
text: nearby dirt road.
scene_heading: NURSE HUMPHRIES
dialog: I'll come back for you in a little
dialog: while, Willie...
text: She leaves Willie alone with Jake and Leon. He rolls his
text: chair up to the edge of the graves and gazes at the pinewood
text: caskets.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: These two guys friends of yours, old
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: We spent some time together.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Why do I get the feeling when you
dialog: say some time, you mean some time.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I was already here a good many years
dialog: when they came in in 1932.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: 1932? That's like, that's like...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Sixty-five years ago. They always
dialog: said the farm couldn't hold 'em
dialog: forever. Looks like you're finally
dialog: free, boys.
text: Willie pulls a bottle of moonshine from his jacket and takes
text: a swig in their honor.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey, the dude's holdin'.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Come on, old-timer, hook the brothers
dialog: up.
text: Willie passes the bottle to Leon, who takes a swig and winces
text: from the unexpected kick.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Hell of a way to get out. Heard they
dialog: burned up in that fire yesterday.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I seen the bodies before they sealed
dialog: 'em up. Them fellas sizzled up good.
dialog: Looked like some shit from the X-
dialog: Files.
dialog: (taking a swig from
dialog: the bottle)
dialog: Damn, that shit's nasty.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Ray's special recipe. He always had
dialog: exacting standards where the hooch
dialog: was concerned.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What were they, bootleggers?
text: Willie holds up the bottle, checking the clarity of the
dialog: liquor.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Something like that.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SPANKY'S BACK ALLEY (1932) -- NIGHT
text: RAY GIBSON holds up a similar bottle of liquor to a light
text: over a door. Music comes from within. He takes a swig and
text: stashes the bottle in his belt. He adjusts his tie, polishes
text: his shoes on the back of his pants and raps on the door.
scene_heading: INT. SPANKY'S -- NIGHT
text: The speakeasy is jumping, jammed with people. Up on stage a
text: hot JAZZ BAND is playing backup for a seductive CHANTEUSE.
text: Well-heeled PATRONS enter through doors near the stage.
text: In the back, at the end of a long hallway, a BOUNCER cracks
text: open the door and Ray squeezes inside.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Oh, no, Ray. Not tonight. Spanky's
dialog: not happy with you.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Is Spanky here?
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: No, but...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Then what's the problem?
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Do yourself a favor and find another
dialog: place where they let you in the front
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: But this is where the action is and
dialog: I have to be where the action is.
dialog: Look, when your old lady wanted those
dialog: alligator shoes, didn't I come through
dialog: for you? Ain't she stepping in style
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Well, alright then. What do you think
dialog: about this new tie?
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Sharp.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I look good tonight. And I feel lucky,
dialog: too.
text: Ray heads inside.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Anyone asks, it wasn't me who let
dialog: you in.
text: Ray slides through the crowd, pausing at the bar to nibble
text: on the neck of a COCKTAIL WAITRESS.
scene_heading: COCKTAIL WAITRESS
dialog: Don't even try it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: When do you get off?
scene_heading: COCKTAIL WAITRESS
dialog: I get off at two, but you ain't never
text: getting off.
text: She carries a tray of drinks into the crowd. Ray shakes his
text: head in wonderment at her departing form. The BARKEEP steps
text: up as Ray pulls out his bottle.
speaker_heading: BARKEEP
dialog: You can't drink that in here, Ray.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I sure can't drink that watered-down
dialog: swill you're serving. Give me a glass
dialog: of ice.
speaker_heading: BARKEEP
dialog: I can't give you a glass of ice. I
dialog: can't give you anything until you
dialog: pay your damn tab.
text: Disregarding the warning, Ray tilts the bottle back. Shaking
text: his head, the barkeep moves on to a paying customer. Ray's
text: eyes follow a bottle of French Champagne as it is delivered
text: to a nearby table.
text: Here sits the straight-laced CLAUDE BANKS with his girlfriend,
text: DAISY. She's enjoying the show. He's polishing the silverware.
text: The WAITER pours two glasses of champagne and leaves the
text: bottle on ice. Claude regards his glass skeptically.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: For the kind of money they charge
dialog: here, you'd think they could hire
dialog: somebody to actually wash the dishes.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Claude. Here's to your new job down
dialog: at the bank. I always knew you'd
dialog: make something of yourself.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Know what I'm going to buy with my
dialog: first pay check?
text: Daisy thinks she does. She leans in, eyes twinkling.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Season tickets to the Yankees. Right
text: there on the first base line.
dialog: (off her disappointment)
dialog: What's wrong, baby?
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: I was hoping you were gonna say an
dialog: engagement ring, Claude.
text: French Champagne shoots out of Claude's nose.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Engagement ring!
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: That's what respectable folks do.
dialog: Get a job, get married, start having
dialog: babies. That's what you want, isn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Sure it is. I just don't see any
dialog: reason to rush into things. Damn,
dialog: look at this shirt. I'll be right
dialog: back.
text: Claude leans in to kiss Daisy on the lips. She offers her
text: cheek. He departs.
scene_heading: OVER BY THE BAR
text: Ray watches Claude make a beeline for the men's room.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Claude steps into the bathroom and approaches the sink. A
text: big hand falls on his shoulder and yanks him backwards into
dialog: a stall...
scene_heading: INT. STALL -- NIGHT
text: Claude is shoved down on the toilet by two BAG MEN in suits.
text: Suddenly, it's crowded in here.
speaker_heading: BAG MAN #1
dialog: Congratulations, Claude. We understand
dialog: you finally got yourself a job.
speaker_heading: BAG MAN #2
dialog: Guess that means you can pay Mr.
dialog: Riley the fifty bucks you owe him.
text: They rifle through Claude's jacket and quickly find his
dialog: wallet.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Now wait a second, guys. I've got a
dialog: bill to pay out there.
speaker_heading: BAG MAN #1
dialog: Twenty-two dollars. Not bad for a
dialog: start.
text: They toss back his empty wallet.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Come on, fellas, that's two weeks
dialog: pay. I'm here with my girl. You gotta
dialog: leave me something.
speaker_heading: BAG MAN #2
dialog: How about your legs?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: My legs? Those are good, I'll keep
dialog: the legs...
text: The stall door swings shut as the bag men depart.
scene_heading: INT. SPANKY'S -- NIGHT
text: On his way into the Men's Room, Ray squeezes past the bag
text: men on their way out.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Glancing around, Ray spots Claude's feet under the stall
text: door. He steps up to the sink, washes his hands and takes a
text: towel from the ATTENDANT. Scanning the assortment of grooming
text: products, he selects a bottle of cologne and takes a sniff.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (displeased)
dialog: You have any of that French stuff?
text: As the attendent bends down to retrieve a bottle of the good
text: stuff, Ray palms a coin from the tip basket.
speaker_heading: ATTENDENT
dialog: Here you go.
text: Ray offers the quarter, a gesture of uncommon generosity.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Keep the change.
speaker_heading: ATTENDENT
dialog: Why, thank you, sir!
text: Ray pats the cologne on his face. A toilet flushes and Claude
text: steps over to the sink. Ray catches his eye in the mirror.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't I know you?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sure I do. What's your name again?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Claude Banks.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Claude Banks. How could I forget
dialog: that? You've got to remember me. Ray
dialog: Gibson. We went to high school
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You went to Monroe?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: That's right! Good old Monroe...
text: Ray throws his arms around Claude, deftly snatching his
text: wallet. Claude extracts himself from Ray's embrace.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Well, I went to Jefferson, so you
dialog: must have a different Claude Banks
dialog: in mind.
text: Claude straightens his jacket and heads for the door. Ray
text: stashes the stolen wallet in his jacket.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sorry, man. My mistake.
scene_heading: INT. SPANKY'S -- NIGHT
text: On the stage, the chanteuse has downshifted into a sultry
text: number about back-door lovers and broken dreams.
text: Ray steps out of the men's room and is instantly collared by
text: BULLETHEAD, a man who makes his living being large and
dialog: threatening.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Watch the threads, Bullethead. If
dialog: this is about my tab, I've got it
dialog: covered.
text: Pressed up against the wall, Ray reaches into his jacket and
text: produces Claude's wallet. Bullethead snatches it, inspects
text: it and is not impressed.
speaker_heading: BULLETHEAD
dialog: This ain't about your tab, Ray. You've
dialog: got bigger problems than that.
text: He stuffs the wallet back into Ray's jacket and hustles Ray
text: out the back door past the bouncer who let him in.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Is that Ray Gibson? Who the hell let
dialog: him in here?
scene_heading: BACK AT CLAUDE'S TABLE
text: Claude returns to the table where Daisy is sipping champagne.
text: He takes the glass out of her hand.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Come on, honey, let's get out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: But I'm having a good time...
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Excuse me, sir, I believe you forgot
dialog: this.
text: The waiter presents Claude with the bill.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: The bill. Of course, the bill. We
dialog: couldn't leave without paying the
dialog: bill. Especially such an incredibly
dialog: large bill.
scene_heading: INT. VAN -- NIGHT
text: Claude is shoved into the back of the van and the doors are
text: slammed behind him. He bangs and shouts, but it's no use.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Save your energy, Claude. You're
dialog: gonna need it.
text: Ray is stretched out against the back wall. Claude is knocked
text: to the floor as the van lurches into motion.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Here, this belongs to you.
dialog: (tossing Claude his
dialog: wallet)
dialog: It was empty when I found it.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Good old Monroe.
text: Ray swigs from his bottle and offers it to Claude, who isn't
dialog: interested.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What I want to know is what happened
dialog: to your cush between the time that
dialog: you got up from the table and when I
dialog: caught up with you in the Johnny?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I don't see where that's any of your
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Did those two muscle heads shake you
dialog: down? Swear I've seen them down at
dialog: the track with Sure-shot Riley. That's
dialog: it, ain't it? A gambling debt.
text: Busted, Claude snatches the bottle and carefully wipes off
text: the neck before tilting it high. Ray gets a good chuckle out
text: of this straight cat in the bow tie.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Where they taking us, anyway?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Probably to Spanky's headquarters
text: down at the pier.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Good, I'm looking forward to meeting
dialog: this Spanky. Give me a chance to
dialog: straighten out this whole mess.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I can't wait to see that. You slay
dialog: me, man.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER -- NIGHT
text: The van pulls into a the loading bay of a warehouse at the
text: end of a short pier on the Harlem River.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Bullethead and a HENCHMAN pull Ray and Claude from the back
text: of the van. They find themselves in a dark warehouse filled
text: with crates of contraband.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: What are they gonna do to us?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You? Dine and ditch, right?
dialog: (Claude nods)
dialog: Over ten bucks?
dialog: (he nods again)
dialog: You're probably looking at a thumb.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: A thumb? What do you mean, like cut
dialog: it off? For ten bucks?
dialog: (Ray nods)
dialog: That include the tip?
text: Claude shoves his hands under his armpits at the sound of
text: approaching FOOTSTEPS echoing across the vast space. Claude
text: and Ray peer into the darkness.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: (from the darkness)
dialog: You picked the wrong night to fuck
dialog: with me, Ray. I just lost three men
text: and a truck full of Canadian whiskey.
dialog: You know what that kind of thing
dialog: does to my business? It makes me
dialog: want to lash out and hurt somebody.
text: SPANKY JOHNSON emerges into the light. He uses a small silver
text: spoon to take an ample snort of cocaine into each nostril.
text: He glances at Claude.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: Who's he? Friend of yours, Ray?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I never saw this man before tonight.
text: He's a lowlife degenerate who lurks
dialog: in bathrooms. I'm a professional
dialog: man, an upstanding citizen. I go to
text: church on Sunday.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: Then what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: BULLETHEAD
dialog: Failure to pay.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (rattled)
dialog: Look, Mr. Johnson, you seem like a
dialog: reasonable man. I got a good job
dialog: starts Monday. I'll pay you back
dialog: with my first pay check. With
dialog: interest. I don't want to tell you
dialog: how to conduct your business, but if
dialog: you cut off my finger you won't get
dialog: jack. Working an adding machine, I
dialog: gotta be whole.
dialog: (his fingers dancing
dialog: over imaginary keys)
dialog: I need my thumbs and all my fingers
dialog: for praying and doing good...
text: Spanky holds up a hand, silencing Claude.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
text: The choirboy wants to keep his
dialog: fingers. Who am I to argue? Drop
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Drop him? What does drop him mean?
text: Claude protests loudly as Bullethead and the henchman bind
text: his hands and feet. Spanky turns to Ray.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: You gotta lotta balls showing your
dialog: face around my club. If a man's gonna
dialog: run numbers on my side of Broadway,
dialog: you think he'd have the common sense
dialog: to keep a low profile. But not Ray
dialog: Gibson.
text: The goons hoist Claude up on another pulley and dangle him
text: head first over a hole in the floor. Several feet down, the
text: Harlem River laps against the wooden pylons.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: No, not down there! That water's
dialog: filthy! Help me out here, man!
text: Shrugging, Ray pinches his nose and puffs out his cheeks.
text: The goons release the rope and Claude plunges into the water.
text: Spanky turns back to Ray.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You don't have to drown that fella,
dialog: Spanky. You already scared him half
dialog: to death. He didn't know who he was
dialog: fucking with.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: But you do. What does that say about
dialog: you, Ray? What does that say about
dialog: me? I've given you a lot of leeway
dialog: over the years on account of your
dialog: father. But he didn't last long enough
dialog: to teach you the meaning of the word
dialog: respect so I guess I'm gonna have to
dialog: school you myself.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on, Spank, I'm just trying to
dialog: get by here. You remember how it was
dialog: when you were starting out.
text: The henchman yanks on the rope. Claude emerges from the hole,
text: gasping for breath.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I was supposed to wear this suit on
dialog: Monday!
text: The henchman releases the rope, sending Claude back into the
text: water. Ray reaches into his jacket. Bullethead pulls a gun
text: and presses it into Ray's temple. Ray gives him a look and
text: cautiously pulls out his bottle.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: What's that, some of your bathtub
dialog: brew?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Puerto Rican rum. See for yourself.
text: Ray tosses him the bottle. Spanky uncorks, sniffs, samples
text: the goods. He's impressed.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: Where'd you get this?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Comes up the Mississippi. I can get
dialog: more. A lot more. I was thinking
dialog: about going into business for myself,
dialog: but under the circumstances, I'd be
dialog: willing to take on a partner.
text: Once again, the henchman yanks on the rope and Claude comes
text: up sucking air desperately. He releases the rope, submerging
text: Claude for a third time.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: I'm interested. Keep talking.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: All I need is the front money and a
dialog: truck. I could be back in two, three
dialog: days tops if I had somebody to share
dialog: the driving.
dialog: Spanky considers the terms. Can he afford to trust Ray? Can
dialog: he afford not to?
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: If you fuck me on this one, I'll
dialog: spare no expense.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Understood.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: Alright, Ray, you've got a deal.
dialog: Pick your man and get going.
text: Ray glances around. The pulley rope is still twitching in
dialog: the water.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'll take the little choirboy, if
dialog: you don't mind.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: If I was you, I'd want somebody who
text: can handle himself in a tight spot.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I just want somebody who won't put a
dialog: bullet in my back once the truck is
dialog: full.
text: Spanky sees Ray's point. He nods to the henchman, who hoists
text: Claude's limp body out of the water and onto the cement.
text: Spanky plants a foot on Claude's chest and applies pressure.
text: A geyser of Harlem River water shoots from Claude's mouth as
text: he sputters back to life.
speaker_heading: SPANKY
dialog: For your sake, I hope you can drive.
dialog: Somebody give him some dry clothes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE SPINNING WHEEL OF A TRUCK
text: The CAMERA MOVES UP the side of the old Ford truck to find
text: Claude sitting pensively in the passenger seat.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK (MOVING) -- NIGHT
text: Ray palms the wheel.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Tell me about that hot sketch you
dialog: were hypin' last night. She was a
dialog: choice bit of calico. You two been
dialog: seeing each other a long time? Gonna
text: slap the handcuffs on her and stroll
dialog: down the aisle one of these days?
text: Tight-lipped, Claude shifts in his seat.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sometimes I wish I could find me a
dialog: sheba to settle down with. Suppose
dialog: I'm just a tomcat by nature.
dialog: (trying to fill the
dialog: silence)
dialog: This little rum run is gonna seriously
dialog: improve my relationship with Spanky.
dialog: He's a good man to have on your side.
dialog: He's got the capital and the
dialog: connections. That's what you got to
dialog: have in that business. Spanky's place
dialog: is pretty plush, but one of these
dialog: days I'm gonna open up my own
text: establishment. Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
dialog: You like that? Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
dialog: That's in the groove, don't you think?
text: If Claude does like it, he's not letting on.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on, daddy-o. You haven't said a
dialog: word since we started. Least you
dialog: could do is make some friendly
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Look, man, I don't want friendly
dialog: conversation. I don't want to be
dialog: your friend. I've seen your friends
dialog: and I don't like them. I just want
dialog: to do this thing and get back to New
dialog: York in time to start my job.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Start your job? What kind of job?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Well, if you must know, bank teller
dialog: at First Federal of Manhattan. I'm
dialog: responsible for keeping track of
dialog: hundreds, occasionally thousands of
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's some long green.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Damn straight, it is. I got my own
dialog: set of keys because I'm supposed to
dialog: open up. So if I ain't there 8 a.m.
dialog: Monday morning, there's gonna be
dialog: hell to pay.
text: Beat of silence. Ray laughs to himself.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: No, tell me what's so funny.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't know. Bank teller. Sounds
dialog: like ladies work to me.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Well, maybe I should dig around in
dialog: other people's clothes for money.
dialog: It's obviously been highly successful
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, you'd be surprised what you
dialog: find in other people's pockets. Just
dialog: gotta avoid them deadbeat bank
dialog: tellers. Get you every time.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I didn't start out to be a bank
dialog: teller. I was gonna be a ballplayer.
dialog: Even had an offer to play short for
dialog: the Newark Eagles.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Why didn't you take it?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: The Negro League don't pay so good.
dialog: And you're always on the road. That
dialog: don't wash with Daisy.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You gave up baseball to be a bank
dialog: teller? I can't latch on to that.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: At some point a man's got to get
dialog: serious about his future. I'm sure
dialog: you have no idea what I'm talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You're talking about giving up
dialog: baseball to be a bank teller.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Bank teller's just a start. I got
dialog: plans. Real plans. Not opening some
dialog: Zoom-Boom Room. This time next year
dialog: I'll be a loan officer.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: A loan officer?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: That's right, a loan officer.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: So you mean, if I needed some jack
dialog: to get my nightclub up and running,
dialog: I'd have to hype some square like
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Ray pulls out his pocket watch. A mechanical tune plays as
text: he checks the time.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: How would I get a loan, anyway?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You need collateral.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (re: watch)
dialog: Like this?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: That thing? Who'd you steal it from?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: My daddy gave me this watch.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yeah? Who'd he steal it from?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: My daddy is dead so watch your mouth.
dialog: You can say what you want about me,
dialog: but don't be dragging my daddy into
dialog: it. This watch means the world to
dialog: me. Solid gold. Keeps perfect time.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Looks like a fake to me. Loan denied!
text: Ray stuffs his daddy's watch back in his pocket.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Ah, go chase yourself. I'll take my
dialog: business elsewhere. And for future
dialog: reference, you are no longer welcome
text: at Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: There is no Boom-Boom Room.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: When there is, you can forget about
dialog: it. And I swear to God, you ever
dialog: talk about my daddy again I'm gonna
dialog: kick your bank-telling, loan-denying
dialog: ass, you got me?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Oooh...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I think I liked you better when you
dialog: kept your trap shut.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE DINER -- DAY
text: The truck veers off the highway and jerks to a halt in front
text: of the rundown establishment.
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE DINER -- DAY
text: A dozen WHITE FOLKS look up as Ray and Claude push through
text: the door.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Man, something smells good in here.
dialog: How's everybody doing?
text: Nothing but sullen stares from all corners of the room.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Maybe we oughta find another place.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Are you kidding? Tell me you don't
dialog: want a slice of that pie right over
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I must have left my appetite outside,
dialog: which is where I think we ought to
dialog: be right now.
text: Claude tugs Ray towards the door but Ray won't be dissuaded.
text: He boldly addresses a YOUNG MAN in an apron behind the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Good evening, Billy. We'd like some
text: coffee and a couple of slices of
dialog: that homemade pie you've got
dialog: advertised.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: How you know my name's Billy?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It says so right there on your shirt.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (glancing down)
dialog: That what that says?
text: Billy's MAMA sets a piping hot pie on the back counter and
text: steps up next to her son. She casts a disparaging glance at
text: Claude's suit.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: If you boys can read so good, how
dialog: come you missed that sign in the
dialog: window?
text: Claude considers the sign she's pointing to.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You mean this sign? The one that
dialog: says "No Coloreds Allowed." That's a
dialog: good question. Ray, how come we missed
dialog: the sign?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Look, ma'am, we've been driving all
dialog: day. We'd just like to purchase one
dialog: of those pies and we'll be on our
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Those are whites-only pies.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Got any nigger pies?
text: Claude jabs him.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Any fool could see those are whites-
dialog: only, not-for-blacks, come-on-let's-
dialog: get-the-fuck-outta-here pies. Thank
dialog: you very much.
text: Claude starts tugging Ray toward the door.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Thanks for backing me up here, Uncle
dialog: Claude.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Don't Uncle Claude me. You get a
dialog: load of those crackers? Couldn't be
text: a mouthful of teeth among the bunch
dialog: of 'em. Why you want to pick a fight
dialog: with people like that for?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You're soft.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What'd you say?
text: Diner patrons stare.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I said you're soft.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hey, man, don't ever call me that.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I call it like I see it, and what I
dialog: see is definitely soft.
text: Claude narrows his eyes.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Alright. You want some pie?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah, I want some pie.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Okay then, I'm gonna walk over to
dialog: that counter and get us some fucking
dialog: pie.
text: Resolved, Claude stomps over to the counter.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Excuse me, ma'am, I bet a brick will
dialog: turn that one right there into a
text: colored pie.
text: Claude lays down a dollar bill. Mama casually pulls a shotgun
text: from under the counter.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: And I bet this right here will turn
dialog: you into a colored pie.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Okay, Ray, I think we can go now.
dialog: Much obliged...
text: Ray gives the whole place a cool once-over as Claude pulls
text: him out the door. Mama turns to Billy, still studying the
text: stitching on his shirt.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Don't be concentrating so hard, baby.
dialog: You're liable to seize yourself again.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS -- NIGHT
text: The truck rolls up to the waters edge. Ray kills the engine
text: and flashes the lights twice. In the passenger seat, Claude
text: is fast asleep. After a few moments, a FAT MAN appears,
text: shining a flashlight into the cab.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: How you doing? We're looking for
dialog: Slim.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: You found him.
text: Ray cocks an eyebrow.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS -- NIGHT
text: Under cover of darkness, a couple of MEN finish loading crates
text: into the bed of the truck. Ray and Claude keep their eyes
text: peeled for the law. Down by the river, they can see lights
text: and hear music from a district of rowdy juke joints. SLIM
text: steps up, wiping his hands.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: That's it, fellas. Thirty six cases
dialog: of Puerto Rico's finest. At five
dialog: bucks a case, that's $180.
text: Ray pulls out a wad and slaps it in Slim's sweaty palm. The
text: fat man starts counting it out.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Man, that music is hot. What goes on
dialog: down there, Slim?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: That's Natchez-under-the-Hill.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Blacks welcome there?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Green's the only color that matters
dialog: under the hill. They got gambling,
dialog: girls. You oughta check it out.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Maybe we will. Nice meeting you.
text: Slim slips into the shadows.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Nice meeting you? You've been here
dialog: before, haven't you?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What gave you that idea?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Oh, I don't know, maybe because our
dialog: lives depend on it, I just sort of
dialog: thought you knew what you were doing!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't get all agitated on me. I bought
text: a bottle of rum from a couple of
dialog: dudes, I heard 'em talking...
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Let me get this straight. We drove
dialog: all the way down to Klan country
dialog: 'cause you heard a couple of guys
dialog: talking?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What are you complaining about? It
dialog: worked out. Everything's cool. Now,
dialog: come on, let's head down there and
dialog: see what's shaking. We deserve a
dialog: little reward.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (dubious)
dialog: Reward?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: There are people down there having
dialog: fun. I want to be one of them. I
dialog: want you to be one of them. On Monday
dialog: you can be a bank teller if you want,
dialog: but tonight you're a bootlegger with
text: a truck full of Puerto Rican rum and
text: a fistful of cash.
text: A look of excitement crosses Claude's face, but he quickly
text: shakes it off.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: That's gas money.
text: Exasperated, Ray stuffs a few bills into Claude's pocket.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: There's your gas money. You stay
dialog: here and watch the truck. And don't
dialog: worry, I've got the keys.
text: Left alone, Claude mutters and kicks at the dirt. He leans
text: against the truck.
scene_heading: UP AHEAD/EXT. JUKE JOINT -- NIGHT
text: Ray emerges from the woods and heads down the hill toward
text: the juke joint. Claude hustles up next to him.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'm just gonna keep an eye on you,
dialog: make sure you don't do nothing stupid.
scene_heading: INT. JUKE JOINT -- NIGHT
text: A ramshackle den of iniquity on the banks of the Mississippi.
text: The band is laying down some serious Delta blues, creating
text: an inviting atmosphere for sin and moral corruption.
text: On a far side of the room, Ray is playing poker with some
text: LOCALS. He seems to be having a bad night. WINSTON HANCOCK,
text: a formidable black man, sweeps in another big pot and puffs
text: happily on his cigar.
scene_heading: OVER AT THE BAR
text: Perched on a stool, Claude shoots a dark look at Ray and
text: motions for the door. Ray waves him off and returns to his
text: game. Claude becomes aware of a soft, young female hand on
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: I've never seen you in here before.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (staring at the hand)
dialog: That's because I've never been here
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: I'm Sylvia. What's your name?
text: Against his better judgement, Claude's gaze follows the long,
text: slender arm up past a bare shoulder and settles on SYLVIA'S
text: angelic face. He is struck dumb.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Can't you remember your own name?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I know it begins with a "C"...
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Well, Mr. "C", how about buying a
dialog: girl a drink?
dialog: (to the bartender)
text: Two bourbons.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I really shouldn't. I gotta keep an
dialog: eye on my friend.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
text: He looks like he can take care of
dialog: himself.
text: The drinks arrive. She places a shot glass in Claude's
text: reluctant hand. She winks provocatively and slowly pours the
text: whiskey down her throat. Instinctively, Claude tosses back
dialog: his shot.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Claude. That's my name. Claude. That's
dialog: never happened before.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: You're cute. You have any money,
dialog: Claude?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Ten dollars. But I need it to get
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Why would you want to go home? It's
dialog: so early.
text: The bartender refills their glasses.
text: BACK AT THE POKER TABLE
text: Winston considers his cards, hardly looking up as a WAITRESS
text: lays down a cocktail napkin and sets a drink down on top of
text: it. He glances at Ray, who casually considers his cards.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'll take two.
text: The dealer tosses Ray a couple of cards.
text: INSERT -- Ray fans his cards to reveal a full house.
text: After considering the other players at the table, Ray pushes
text: what's left of his money into the center of the table. The
text: three other PLAYERS fold with disgust. Winston squints long
text: and hard at Ray, then pushes everything he has into the center
text: of the table.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I'll see that...
text: Winston reaches into his jacket and throws down some more
text: money on the pile.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: And while we're at it, let's sweeten
dialog: the pot.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Looks like my sugar bowl's empty,
dialog: Mr. Hancock.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (reaching for the pot)
dialog: That's just too damn bad, ain't it?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Now, hang on, slick. I ain't through
dialog: with you yet.
text: Ray checks his cards again. He looks at the pot, it's a lot
dialog: of money. With this hand, there's no way he can lose. He
text: places his daddy's pocket watch on top of the pile. Winston
text: checks the time piece.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: That'll cover it.
text: Ray lays down his hand.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: Full boat, ladies doing the paddling.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
text: Four threes.
text: Ray sits back, stunned. Winston rakes in his winnings. The
text: game is over for the night. The three other players head to
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Don't take it too hard, New York.
dialog: Have a round on me.
text: Winston tosses a silver dollar to Ray, who snatches it out
text: of the air. Winston drops his hat on his head and moves
text: through the crowd and out the door.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Can I get you something?
text: Ray shakes his head. Carefully, she begins to clear the table.
text: Suddenly, he grabs her wrist. Winston's glass tips over. Ray
text: flips over the cocktail napkin to reveal an extra pile of
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Looks like he had a whole lot of
dialog: nothing in his hand until you came
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (wrenching free)
dialog: You're hurting my arm.
scene_heading: EXT. JUKE JOINT -- NIGHT
text: Ray dashes into the street, glancing both ways. No sign of
dialog: Winston. Damn.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY -- NIGHT
text: Winston produces Ray's pocket watch and pops it open. A smile
text: crosses his face as the mechanical tune plays.
text: A sheriff's sedan rounds a corner, illuminating Winston in
text: its headlights. The car pulls up and SHERIFF WARREN PIKE
text: steps out. Distinguished by a casual cruelness, he's a young
text: white man who loves his uniform.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: If it isn't Winston Hancock.
text: Winston tries to move past Pike, but the sheriff blocks his
text: path with a night stick. As Winston backs off, another squad
text: car pulls up behind him. TWO DEPUTIES step from the car,
text: guns drawn.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: I thought we agreed that you were
dialog: gonna leave town.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I tried to leave, Sheriff Pike. But
dialog: your wife begged me to stay.
text: Pike slams Winston with his club, sending the black man to
text: his knees. As Winston struggles back to his feet, a stiletto
text: flashes and he lunges for the sheriff, slashing his cheek.
text: The deputies grab Winston from behind, holding him by both
text: arms. The long knife clatters to ground. Pike touches his
text: face, examining the blood on his fingers.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: You just committed suicide, boy.
scene_heading: INT. BORDELLO HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Ray walks slowly down the hallway to Room 13. He is about to
text: knock when he hears the sound of lovemaking from within.
scene_heading: INT. SYLVIA'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Ray opens the door and peeks in. Sylvia's on top and in
text: charge. Claude is concentrating real hard. Ray smiles to
text: himself and closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. JUKE JOINT -- NIGHT
text: Claude hitches up his suspenders as he comes down the stairs.
text: He finds Ray having a drink at the now-empty bar.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hey, Ray. I've been looking for you.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Here I am.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Guess we better get going, huh?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Still got that ten dollars?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Well, not exactly. See, I met this
dialog: girl. Real nice girl. God-fearing
dialog: girl. Her name's Sylvia.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That jelly you were talking to right
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
text: She's in a tight spot. Her mama needs
dialog: this operation, and they ain't got
dialog: the money for it. Their church took
dialog: up a collection but they were still
dialog: short...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: So you made a generous contribution.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What can I say? When the spirit moves
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That was mighty charitable of you,
dialog: Claude. Looks like we both got fucked
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: While you were upstairs doing God's
dialog: work, I was getting jack-legged by a
dialog: fool with four threes.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You lost all our money in a card
dialog: game?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He even got my daddy's watch.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Fuck that cheap-ass watch --
dialog: (off Ray's glare)
dialog: I mean, how the hell are we gonna
dialog: get home without any money?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We've still got 36 cases of rum.
dialog: That's better than money.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY -- NIGHT
text: Ray and Claude head down the alley.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You sure the truck's this way?
dialog: (looking over his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: I swear it was back that way.
text: Suddenly, the bloodied figure of Winston Hancock lurches
text: from the shadows and grabs Claude by the lapels. Claude is
text: too scared to scream, staggering backward. But the man's
text: grip loosens and he slips to the ground.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (croaking)
dialog: Ray... Yo, Ray...!
text: Ray turns back to find Claude trembling with fear and covered
text: in blood. He just points down. Ray eyes widen. He kneels
text: down and turns Winston's body over.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I think he's hurt pretty bad.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: He's dead.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Oh, man, I've never seen a dead body
dialog: before!
text: Much to Claude's horror, Ray starts rifling through Winston's
dialog: pockets.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What do you think you're doing?! The
dialog: man's been dead for two seconds!
dialog: Don't you have any respect?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It ain't here.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What ain't there?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: My daddy's watch. This is the dude I
dialog: was telling you about --
text: Suddenly, the glare of two bright headlights from a pickup
text: truck freeze Ray and Claude in a guilty tableau. FIVE WHITE
text: MEN appear at the end of the alley.
scene_heading: MAN WITH LANTERN
dialog: What's going on here?
text: Ray gingerly releases Winston's lifeless body.
scene_heading: MAN WITH LANTERN
dialog: What's wrong with that one?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Him? He's just drunk.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yeah, nobody puts 'em away like old
dialog: what's-his-name.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Winston. His name's Winston.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Come on, Ray, better get Winston
text: back to the truck.
text: Claude and Ray hoist Winston's body to its feet. The man
text: raises his lantern, takes a closer look at Winston's face.
scene_heading: MAN WITH LANTERN
text: This fella looks dead.
text: Ray and Claude check for themselves.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Would you look at that, Ray. Winston
dialog: up and died on us.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hell with him then. If he can't share
dialog: the driving, he can't ride in the
dialog: truck.
scene_heading: MAN WITH LANTERN
dialog: He can ride with us.
text: Suddenly, the men all have guns. And they're pointed at Ray
dialog: and Claude.
scene_heading: MAN WITH LANTERN
dialog: So can you.
scene_heading: INT. NATCHEZ JAIL -- NIGHT
text: In a holding cell, Ray tests the window bars. Solid.
text: Meanwhile, Claude sits on a cot brooding darkly. Through the
text: bars, we see the rednecks laughing and passing around a bottle
text: of bootleg rum with the DEPUTY on duty.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Man, this is gonna delay everything.
dialog: Spanky's gonna be pissed.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Spanky's gonna be pissed? Poor Spanky.
dialog: Fuck Spanky! What the hell kind of a
dialog: name is Spanky, anyway? You're
dialog: responsible for this situation. I
dialog: blame you for everything. If it wasn't
dialog: for you, I'd be home having a hot
dialog: meal right now.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: If it wasn't for me, you'd be washing
text: up on the beach at Coney Island right
dialog: now.
dialog: (mocking Claude)
dialog: "I need all my thumbs and fingers
dialog: for praying and doing good."
text: The jailhouse door opens and Sheriff Pike walks in. He pauses
text: to give the prisoners the once-over. There's a fresh bandage
text: over the cut on his cheek.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: What do we have here?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Billy Bob and the boys found them
text: down down under the hill with Winston
text: Hancock. He was dead. Looks like
dialog: murder.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: You don't say.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Looks like they was running rum. Got
dialog: thirty six cases of evidence out
dialog: back. You want I should call in the
dialog: federal prosecutor?
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Let's not drag the feds into this. I
dialog: can think of better uses for that
text: rum than letting it collect dust in
text: some government warehouse up in
dialog: Nashville.
text: Pike winks at his deputy, then turns to regard the prisoners.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Besides, why bother with bootlegging
dialog: when we got us a clear cut case of
dialog: murder?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Excuse me, sheriff. As we explained
dialog: to your associate here, there's been
dialog: a mistake. We didn't kill anybody.
dialog: Now, as for the bootlegging, we happen
dialog: to work for a very important man in
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: That's right. Does the name Spanky
dialog: Johnson mean anything to you?
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Afraid not.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Mr. Johnson is very well connected.
dialog: If you were to let us go, I guarantee
dialog: he would show you his appreciation,
dialog: if you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Are you offering me a bribe?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm just trying to pay the toll on
dialog: the road to justice.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: You may be able to buy your way out
dialog: of trouble up in New York City, but
dialog: down here we take murder seriously.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Look, man, how many times we gotta
dialog: tell you people, we didn't kill that
dialog: guy!
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Well, if that's the case, then you
dialog: don't have anything to worry about,
dialog: do you?
text: Pike turns his back on the prisoners and checks the time on
text: a gold pocket watch -- Ray's pocket watch. But from his cell,
text: Ray can't hear the mechanical tune.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Time to get home to the missus. See
dialog: y'all in the morning.
text: In the cell, Claude turns to Ray.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: The man's gotta point. We're innocent,
dialog: after all. I just gotta get a good
dialog: night's sleep on this filthy mattress.
dialog: Keep our heads on straight, stay
dialog: cool, what's the worst thing that
dialog: could happen to us?
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM -- DAY
text: The CAMERA Scorseses in on the JUDGE'S face...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Life!
text: The gavel comes down with a thundering crash. Stunned, Ray
text: and Claude resist the BAILIFFS' efforts to remove them from
text: the courtroom.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Life?! How long is life? We were
text: just walking back to the truck. We
dialog: didn't do nothing! Fuck life!
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Life?! What's life mean? There's no
dialog: way I can do life. I got a job starts
dialog: Monday morning!
text: They continue to protest loudly as they are dragged bodily
text: through the door.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE -- DAY
text: Blues music kicks in as a prison transport bus rolls down a
text: dirt road cutting through the bleak Mississippi Delta.
scene_heading: INT. BUS (MOVING) -- DAY
text: LONG-CHAIN CHARLIE, a white prison sergeant, sits behind the
text: wheel. A shot gun hangs within easy reach.
text: The CAMERA MOVES BACK past grim-faced PRISONERS with their
text: hands and feet shackled. We arrive at Ray and Claude sitting
text: in grim silence as the bus lurches along.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON -- DAY
text: The bus veers off the country road and passes under a sign:
scene_heading: MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. Sgt. Dillard's voice PLAYS
speaker_heading: OVER.
speaker_heading: DILLARD (V.O.)
dialog: Welcome to the farm. Here you will
dialog: be provided with ample opportunity
dialog: to repay your debt to society through
dialog: the rigors of hard labor...
text: Ray and Claude stare out the window, getting their first
text: look at the harsh reality that awaits them. Cotton fields
text: stretch to the horizon in every direction. HOE-GANGS till
text: the earth under the watchful gaze of TRUSTY SHOOTERS...
speaker_heading: DILLARD (V.O.)
dialog: In between harvest and planting season
dialog: we got fields need clearing, roads
dialog: need building and ditches need
dialog: digging. You will eat only what you
dialog: can grow. Your crop don't come in,
dialog: you'll go hungry. If you die, don't
dialog: worry 'bout us none. We'll find
dialog: somebody to replace you...
text: Along the road, CONVICTS cast hard looks at the new men as
text: the cart passes. A WHITE SERGEANT on horseback shifts his
text: rifle and casually spits tobacco juice in the dirt...
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 -- DAY
text: A low-slung, single-story bunkhouse surrounded by a dirt
text: yard. Two shooter shacks sit at diagonal corners of the yard.
text: In each shack, two trusties with rifles keep vigilant watch
text: over the camp. SGT. FRED DILLARD paces down the line of new
text: men as HOPPIN' BOB, an uncommonly ugly trusty, unlocks their
text: leg irons.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: This here is Camp 8. Camp 8 is for
dialog: incorrigibles, so whatever you've
dialog: done to get here, believe me, we're
dialog: not impressed. You new men are
dialog: probably noticing that we have no
dialog: fences here at Camp 8. We don't need
dialog: no fences, we have the gun line. It
text: runs from shack to shack clear around
dialog: the yard. You are now inside the gun
dialog: line. If you step outside the gun
dialog: line without my permission, you will
dialog: be shot. If you trip and fall over
dialog: the gun line, you will be shot. If
dialog: you spit, if you pee, if you stick
dialog: your ass out and take a dump over
dialog: the gun line, you will be shot.
text: Dillard plucks a hat off one of the new prisoners and tosses
text: it over the gun line. SHOTS ring out from the nearest shack.
text: The hat is torn to shreds.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: One of my trusties puts a bullet in
dialog: you when you're trying to run, I'm
dialog: liable to give him a pardon for saving
dialog: me the trouble of tracking you down,
dialog: so you can bet their aim is true.
text: Dillard puts a cigarette in his mouth. Hoppin' Bob is right
text: there with the flame.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: My name is Sgt. Dillard. In the
dialog: unlikely event that you need to
dialog: address me, you call me boss. You
dialog: already met this handsome fella right
dialog: here. Hoppin' Bob's my ace boon coon.
dialog: You run afoul of Hoppin' Bob, you
dialog: run afoul of me.
text: Nodding to Bob, Dillard saunters off.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: New men, strip down!
text: Ray and Claude share a look. Self-consciously, the men begin
text: to undress.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE -- DAY
text: Double bunks line the walls, with a footlocker for each
text: inmate. As usual, there's a poker game going on.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: Okay, ladies, got some fresh meat
dialog: for ya!
text: All activity comes to a halt as the new men shuffle into the
text: cage wearing their prison-issue "ring-arounds." Hoppin' Bob
text: slams the metal doors shut behind them.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: We ain't got no wallflowers at Camp
dialog: 8. Everybody gotta dance eventually.
dialog: But don't worry, they won't try
dialog: nothing tonight. That would take all
dialog: of the fun outta the courtship.
text: The INCORRIGIBLES hungrily eye the new men in total silence.
text: Claude sticks close to Ray as they shuffle toward their
text: assigned bunks. The CAMERA SETTLES on a much younger WILLIE
speaker_heading: LONG.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- MORNING
text: The inmates jump down from the mule cart and grab hoes and
text: shovels. Because he can't count, Hoppin' Bob keeps track of
text: the men using a system all his own -- a PEBBLE in his pocket
text: for each man. Dillard stands by with his shotgun.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Got three miles of ditch to clear
dialog: today. Let's keep it moving!
scene_heading: EXT. DITCH -- DAY
text: The men of Camp 8 labor under the brutal mid-day sun. JANGLE
text: LEG, a handsome, muscular man, sings a verse to set the work
text: tempo. Up and down the line, a mighty chorus responds. The
text: CAMERA FINDS Ray and Claude swinging pick axes, sweating
text: profusely.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I don't believe this before Abe jive.
dialog: I didn't go to night school to sing
dialog: in no Mississippi Boys Choir!
text: Claude stops to catch his breath and take off his shirt.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I wouldn't do that if I was you.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Shut up. It's too damn hot. What do
dialog: you know, anyway?
text: A SHOT rings out. Claude hits the ground as a bullet kicks
text: up some dust nearby.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Told ya.
text: Claude looks up to see Dillard cracking pistachio nuts as
text: Hoppin' Bob puts another round in the chamber of his rifle.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Why ain't his pick swinging?
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: (echoing)
dialog: Why ain't that pick swinging?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: It's too hot, boss. I'm tired.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: He says it's too hot, boss.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Too hot, huh? Well, you tell that
dialog: lazy jiggaboo the state of Mississippi
dialog: ain't interested in his meteorological
dialog: assessments.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: Listen up, jiggaboo! State of
dialog: Mississippi ain't interested in
dialog: your... in your...
dialog: (off Dillard's look)
dialog: metropolitan assets!
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Tell him the state of Mississippi is
dialog: only interested in getting this ditch
text: cleared by sundown.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: State of Mississippi wants this ditch
dialog: cleared by sundown. You got that?!
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I got it... boss.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: He don't sound like he's from 'round
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: He's from New York City. That one,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: New York. That's up north, ain't it?
dialog: They'll find we do things different
dialog: down here.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We noticed.
text: Annoyed, Dillard jabs the butt of his rifle into Ray's solar
text: plexus. Ray sinks to his knees in the dirt.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Looks like we got a couple of live
dialog: ones. How long these boys in for?
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: Judge gave 'em the long ride.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Life, huh? They step outta line again,
dialog: we'll shorten up that sentence real
dialog: fast.
text: Dillard swaggers off, dogged at the heels by the ever faithful
text: Hoppin' Bob. Resigned, Ray and Claude return to their labor.
scene_heading: EXT. DITCH -- DAY
text: The men rest in the ditch as BISCUIT, a slight inmate with a
text: red bandanna tied around his head, dispenses water, one ladle
dialog: per man.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: Drink it up!
text: Willie exchanges two cigarettes for a second ladle. POKER
text: FACE pulls a crumpled envelope from his shirt. His expression
dialog: never changes, hence the name.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Either of you new fellas know how to
dialog: read? I've had this letter four months
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You can't read? None of these guys
dialog: can read?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Last fella who could read made parole
dialog: 'round Christmas.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: I don't even know who this is from.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Here, gimme that.
text: Ray unfolds the letter and scans it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It's from your mama's neighbor, Mrs.
dialog: Tidwell. She thought you oughta know
dialog: that your second cousin Bo died.
text: The prisoners express their condolences. "Sorry, man." "That's
dialog: some bad news." "I know you loved Bo like a brother..."
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: And your other cousin, Sally, on
dialog: your daddy's side, she died.
text: More sympathy from the men. "Ooh. Twice in one letter." "Rough
dialog: break, Poker Face..."
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Apparently, your sister died.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Jenny?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: No, it says Marleen here.
dialog: Relief all around. "Thank goodness."
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Oh, wait, looks like Jenny died,
dialog: too.
dialog: "Bad luck, man." "That's harsh..."
speaker_heading: RAY
text: Then it goes on for a while about
dialog: how the crop didn't come in on
dialog: accounta the frost.
dialog: (flips over the page)
text: She finishes up with something about
dialog: a tornado and how your mama and your
dialog: daddy died in that. But don't worry
dialog: none. She'll take care of the dog.
dialog: That is, if it gets over the worms.
text: The prisoners share dark looks. Ray folds up the letter and
text: hands it back to Poker Face.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Appreciate it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Anybody else need anything read?
text: "No, man, we're good." The men shake their heads and return
text: letters and cards to their pockets. Jangle Leg nods and
text: switches places with one of the convicts, parking next to
dialog: Claude.
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: How you doin'?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'm all right.
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: You ever done time before?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You kidding? I've been in and out of
dialog: prison my entire life. Mostly in.
dialog: I'm hard-core.
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: Then you won't have no problem making
dialog: the adjustment. You need anything,
dialog: help of any kind, gimme a holler.
dialog: Name's Jangle Leg.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: 'Preciate it. Claude.
text: As they shake, Jangle Leg inspects Claude's hand thoroughly.
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
text: Soft and supple. Like a lady's.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (eyes narrowing)
dialog: I try to moisturize regularly.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Hey, Jangle Leg, what'd I tell you
dialog: about pitching woo on the job?
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: Sorry, Cap'n.
text: Claude snatches back his hand and gives Jangle Leg a hard
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: Break's over! Back to work!
text: As the men grab their tools and return to work, Claude leans
text: over to Ray.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Why do you think they call him Jangle
dialog: Leg?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Somebody just told me he wins the
dialog: three-legged race every year.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: RAY
text: He does it all by himself.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL -- DUSK
text: Wincing with each movement and covered in grime from the
text: day's labors, the new men bring up the back of the chow line.
text: COOKIE, the grub-slinger, slaps a large dollop of an
text: unidentifiable substance onto Ray's tray.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
text: Creamed chip beef on toast. Except
dialog: we're outta beef, so I had to
dialog: improvise.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Can't I get one of those steaks you
dialog: got grilling back there?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Those are for trusties, unless you
dialog: got thirty cents or two packs of
dialog: cigs.
text: Another prisoner lays down some tobacco and gets a juicy
text: steak. Ray grabs a hunk of corn bread and makes his way to
text: the back of the room. Claude steps up, holds out his tray
dialog: for Cookie.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Excuse me, I don't like it when the
dialog: food touches each other, so if you
dialog: could just --
speaker_heading: (SPLAT!)
dialog: -- keep everything separate.
text: Disappointed, Claude turns to discover that the only seat
text: left is next to Ray. Scowling, he limps toward it.
text: Jangle Leg's eyes follow Claude as he approaches the table.
text: Biscuit smacks him.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: Eyes front, mister!
text: Claude sits down and promptly goes to work scraping his burnt
text: toast with his knife. The irritating sound slowly brings the
text: entire room to dead silence. All eyes fall on Claude. Scratch,
dialog: scratch, scratch...
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: (stepping up)
dialog: Problem with the toast?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: It's fine now.
text: Cookie glowers and takes a seat.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Stop aggravating people. Just eat
dialog: your food.
text: As the room returns to normal, Claude starts polishing his
text: fork with his shirttail. Irritated, Ray shoots him a look.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: This fork is filthy.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The fork is the least of your worries,
dialog: Claude.
text: Undeterred, Claude breathes on his fork and polishes it some
text: more. Disgusted, Ray pushes aside his plate.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Me? Willie Long.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What are you in for, Willie?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: That's a long story...
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: When he was 13 years old he killed a
text: son-of-a-bitch with a claw hammer.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: They never proved that.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What a second, you've been in here
dialog: since you were thirteen?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What about you, Radio?
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Armed robbery.
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: Damn liar. Bitch killed his sister
text: with an axe.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: She was my half-sister. Shit, I ain't
dialog: the son-of-a-bitch who poisoned my
dialog: own parents.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: (protective)
dialog: They deserved it. Very strict.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: What about you, Biscuit? You nearly
dialog: skinned your poor old landlady alive.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: At least he didn't kill Santa Claus
text: with his bare hands.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You killed Santa Claus?
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: (scolding)
dialog: On Christmas Eve.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: He wasn't the Santa Claus, he was
text: just wearing the suit and ringing a
dialog: bell.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What did you guys do?
text: The whole table waits expectantly for their reply.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I kinda lost track of how many people
dialog: we killed that night. Must have been
dialog: 15 or twenty -- not counting women
dialog: and children. It was a real bloodbath.
dialog: All that screaming...
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Pack of lies. Don't listen to him.
dialog: We didn't kill nobody. We were
dialog: railroaded. And we gonna prove that.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He just blocked it out. Nigger's
dialog: crazy. He's the one who did all the
text: stabbing. He's capable of some heinous
dialog: shit.
dialog: (thumbing down the
dialog: table)
dialog: How 'bout him down there?
text: At the end of the table, GOLDMOUTH, a hulking specimen, snarls
text: menacingly, flashing a glittering set of teeth.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Goldmouth? They say he was born out
dialog: back behind the shithouse. That's
dialog: what they say.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You all been here a long time. Doesn't
dialog: anybody ever escape from this place?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
text: They run but they never get too far.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Couple years back, Cookie made it
text: clear to Greenville.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Greenville, that the nearest town?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: It's a two-day walk if you don't get
dialog: lost. Take a mighty cagey country
dialog: boy to navigate the woods and bayous
dialog: between here and there.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: Those dogs they got can sniff a skid
dialog: mark in your underpants from a half-
dialog: mile off.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Alright, well, let's say you make it
dialog: to Greenville. What's there, anyway?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
text: Grandma Dodi's Pork Rib Joint.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: That's where they nabbed him.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Didn't even get to have my peach
dialog: cobbler.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: The most important thing they got in
text: Greenville is a train that heads up
dialog: north.
text: Just then, Goldmouth stands up, casting a shadow over Claude.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: Hey, girl, you gonna eat your corn
dialog: bread?
text: Claude looks up, considering his options.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: No, man. I want you to have it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Wait up there, Claude. You give that
dialog: guy your corn bread and the next
dialog: thing you know you'll be ironing his
text: shirts and clipping his toenails.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: Maybe I oughta eat your corn bread.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: My corn bread? Oh no, my friend. I
dialog: love corn bread.
text: Ray picks up his corn bread and takes a huge bite out of it,
text: rolling his eyes with enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I thought my mama made good corn
dialog: bread but this is really something
dialog: special.
text: Ray looks at the faces around the room, smiles broadly.
text: Goldmouth is getting embarrassed.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Who knew I'd have to come all the
dialog: way down to this here prison, deep
dialog: in the asshole of the great state of
dialog: Mississippi, to find such a tasty
dialog: piece of corn bread?
text: The prisoners begin to laugh. Ray's got them now.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: And who knew that in this great corn
dialog: bread-making institution I'd come
dialog: face to face with the biggest,
dialog: ugliest, stinkiest, ugliest gold-
text: mouthed negro in the entire world.
dialog: Now get out of my face before I lose
dialog: my appetite!
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DUSK
text: A punch sends Ray sprawling in the dust. Goldmouth looms
text: over him. The incorrigibles form a circle around the
text: combatants. Poker Face, the camp bookie, is taking all bets.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: How you like your corn bread now,
dialog: New York?
text: Goldmouth and Ray square off. Goldmouth swings, Ray ducks
text: and counters with a swift jab to the gut. Goldmouth just
text: flashes a shiny grin and clobbers Ray with a fist the size
text: of a Thanksgiving turkey. Ray sinks to the dust. Radio drops
text: down near him.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Come on, New York, you can do better
dialog: than that! Get up and show him how
dialog: they do it in Harlem!
text: Ray shakes his head and staggers back to his feet. He circles
text: the big man and gets in a couple of good shots, much to the
text: crowd's approval. Goldmouth shakes his head and wipes the
text: blood from his nose. Now he's mad. He grabs Ray by the shirt
text: and delivers a crushing blow. Ray reels backward into Cookie's
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I appreciate you going to all this
dialog: trouble over my corn bread. I don't
dialog: get a lot of compliments in my line
dialog: of work.
text: Cookie shoves Ray back into the ring for more punishment.
text: Claude emerges from the mess hall, munching on a piece of
text: corn bread. He squeezes in between Poker Face and Willie.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Your pal's getting the tar whipped
dialog: out of him on your account.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: How many times I got to tell you? He
dialog: ain't my pal. Besides, he looks like
dialog: he knows what he's doing.
text: Just then Claude winces as Goldmouth delivers a jaw-crushing
text: uppercut that knocks Ray on his back. Claude bristles under
text: the incriminating looks coming at him from all directions.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Alright, alright...
text: Claude crouches down as Ray rolls over on his stomach and
text: pushes himself up onto all fours. His eyes are swollen shut,
text: his face covered with blood.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hey, Ray, I think you made your point,
dialog: whatever that is. Maybe now's a good
dialog: time to throw in the towel. You know
dialog: what I'm saying?
text: Ray manages a smile and staggers to his feet.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (slurring)
dialog: Shit, Goldmouth. Back in New York, I
dialog: know bitches who hit harder than
dialog: you.
text: Goldmouth pulls back his fist and lets it fly. Ray hurtles
text: through the crowd, collapsing in the dust. Willie steps in.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
text: The man's taken enough of a beating.
dialog: Let's get him inside.
text: Cookie, Radio and Poker Face raise Ray to his feet. Goldmouth
text: slings him over his shoulder and carries him toward the
text: bunkhouse. Dazed, Ray catches Claude's eye.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Got him good, huh, Claude? He won't
dialog: be bothering us anytime soon.
text: A quick elbow jab from Goldmouth and Ray is out for good.
text: Disgusted with himself, Claude tosses what's left of the
text: corn bread to the mangy dog, who makes short work of it.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: (wagging a finger)
dialog: Shame, shame, that's your name.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL -- DAY
text: On Sundays, the mess hall also serves as a chapel. From a
text: makeshift pulpit, the blind REVEREND CLAY and his DAUGHTER
text: lead the congregation of convicts in a rousing chorus of
dialog: "Down by the Riverside."
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: The gospel music filters into the yard, where the prisoners
text: mingle with kinfolk.
scene_heading: EXT. SGT. DILLARD'S HOUSE -- DAY
text: MRS. DILLARD hums along with the gospel music as she places
text: a couple of freshly-baked pies on the window sill to cool.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: The CAMERA FINDS Claude and Daisy walking hand in hand toward
text: a simple shack just beyond the gun line. This is the TONK
text: HOUSE and Dillard is the gate keeper.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Request permission to go to the tonk,
dialog: boss.
dialog: Dillard considers Daisy.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: I don't see no wedding ring, Banks.
dialog: Conjugal visits are for married
dialog: prisoners only.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You think you could make an exception
dialog: just this once, boss? She came all
text: the way down from New York.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: I don't need the Baptists on my back,
dialog: but I suppose I could issue a
dialog: temporary marriage license for a
dialog: nominal fee.
text: Daisy gets the picture. She reaches into her purse and hands
dialog: Dillard a couple of dollars.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: I now pronounce you man and wife.
dialog: (calling to the shooter
dialog: shack)
dialog: Claude Banks going to the tonk!
text: Claude takes Daisy's hand and leads her over the gun line.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE YARD
text: Ray watches Claude and Daisy step into the tonk house. Then
text: he returns to a game of horseshoes, tossing a ringer. Nearby,
text: Biscuit gives Jangle Leg a haircut.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Biscuit, when you're done with Jangle
dialog: Leg, you think you could squeeze me
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: Thought you'd never ask. Biscuit
dialog: needs some gravy.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm talking about a haircut.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: Cost you a pair of nylons.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Hey, Ray, Goldmouth don't believe
dialog: me. Ain't it so they got trains up
dialog: in New York City that run under the
dialog: streets?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: They're called subways. A nickel
dialog: will take you from one end of
dialog: Manhattan to the other. Helluva ride,
dialog: too.
text: Radio looks up from a vacuum tube receiver he's busy
dialog: repairing.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Hey, Ray, you ever been to the Cotton
dialog: Club?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sure I've been to the Cotton Club.
dialog: It's pretty sweet. But it don't hold
dialog: a candle to the Boom Boom Room. That's
text: where the real action is.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What's the Boom Boom Room?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's my joint. The swinginest
text: nightclub in town.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: You got your own nightclub?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Well, not yet. It's still in the
dialog: planning stages.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: So it don't exist.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Just because it's in my mind,
dialog: Goldmouth, don't mean it ain't real.
dialog: Everything worth anything starts
text: with a dream.
text: Hoppin' Bob calls to Ray from the gun line.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: Gibson! Got yourself a visitor!
text: Ray turns to find his MOTHER, a handsome woman in a floral
text: dress, coming toward him.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Mama?
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: Rayford!
text: The incorrigibles elbow each other and repeat the name
text: "Rayford" as Mama Gibson envelops her son in a fleshy embrace,
text: smothering him with kisses.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What are you doing here, mama?
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: I heard some things so I went to see
dialog: Spanky Johnson. He told me what
dialog: happened and gave me some money to
dialog: get down here. What happened to your
dialog: face?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't worry about that. Hey, fellas,
dialog: this here is my mama. These are some
dialog: of my friends. That's Willie, there's
dialog: Poker Face, Radio, Cookie, Goldmouth,
dialog: Biscuit, Jangle Leg.
text: The motley crew gathers around, nodding politely. Goldmouth
text: flashes a golden grin. Willie gallantly doffs his cap.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Mrs. Gibson. Shame on Rayford here
dialog: for failing to mention that he had
dialog: such a beautiful mama.
text: Mama manages a half-hearted smile, clutching her bag.
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: Nice to meet you all.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: How was your train ride?
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: Quite comfortable, thank you.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Them cookies in there?
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: Yes, oatmeal.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: 'Scuse me, you got any batteries on
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: No. No I don't.
text: Biscuit sides up, fingering her dress.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: That's a lovely dress. Make it
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: (vaguely unsettled)
dialog: Yeah...
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH -- DAY
text: Ray and his mama sit in the shade.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: This is a big surprise, mama. I sure
dialog: didn't expect to see you down here.
text: A long, uncomfortable beat. Mama's lip starts to tremble.
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: Rayford, I wanted so much more for
dialog: you than this.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't cry, mama. This place ain't so
dialog: bad as it looks. Sure, we work hard,
dialog: but there's plenty fresh air and
dialog: sunshine... And you know something
dialog: else, I've taken to going to church
dialog: regular. They got services every
text: Sunday right there in the mess hall.
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: Don't you lie to me, Rayford.
dialog: (composing herself)
dialog: You still have your daddy's watch?
dialog: (Ray shakes his head)
dialog: Well, this is all I can give you. I
dialog: wish it was more.
text: She puts some money in his hand.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I can't take that, mama.
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: Don't argue with me. You need it
dialog: more than I do. I know how a little
dialog: money can help in a place like this.
text: Reluctantly, Ray stashes the money in his pocket.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I can't believe this. I always said
dialog: I'd never end up like this. I thought
dialog: I'd make something of myself, do
dialog: something with my life. You know, be
dialog: successful. Have a big house, a
dialog: family. Now I'm gonna end up just
dialog: like daddy.
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: Don't say that, Rayford. Don't ever
dialog: say that. He gave up hope. That's
dialog: where you gotta be different.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: They gave me life, mama.
speaker_heading: MAMA GIBSON
dialog: I gave you life. And they can't take
dialog: it away from you. Remember that.
dialog: You'll get outta here someday. I
dialog: believe that. You gotta believe it,
dialog: too.
scene_heading: INT. TONK HOUSE -- DAY
text: Reclining on a straw mattress, Claude watches intently as
text: Daisy gets dressed. The rickety door reverberates with a
text: loud pounding.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: (off)
dialog: Time's up, Banks! We got a crowd
dialog: gathering out here!
text: Claude leaps from the bed and slams his fist against the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Woman came all the way from New York,
dialog: goddamnit! We'll come out when we're
dialog: good and ready!
text: Daisy quickly buttons up her dress.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Did you go see my cousin Maynard
dialog: like I asked you in my letter?
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Of course I did. He said he'd file
dialog: an appeal right away. You didn't
dialog: tell me he was so good looking.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yeah, that side of the family has
dialog: all the looks and none of the brains.
dialog: I hope he don't mess things up.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: He seemed like a pretty good lawyer
dialog: to me. His offices take up an entire
dialog: floor of that big, new building on
dialog: 125th Street, and he was using all
dialog: these words I never heard before. He
dialog: even offered me a job.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: A job, huh? Well, that's nice, real
dialog: nice. You won't have to work long.
dialog: I'll be back soon enough. After I
dialog: start work at First Federal Bank of
dialog: Manhattan, I'll be keeping you in
dialog: style. Everything will get back to
dialog: normal again. That's a promise.
text: Daisy smiles weakly and looks away. She doesn't have much
dialog: faith in this promise.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Listen, Claude, Maynard wanted to
dialog: know if he should file the appeal on
dialog: behalf of your friend, too.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Ray Gibson?
dialog: (thinks about it)
dialog: No, no. He's the reason I'm in here,
dialog: Daisy. For all I know, he's got a
dialog: record a mile long. I got a better
dialog: shot of getting out of here on my
dialog: own. You tell Maynard to think about
dialog: me, concentrate on me. Understand?
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Sure, Claude, whatever you say.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- DAY
text: The prisoners jump down from the cart and grab hammers and
text: pick axes as Hoppin' Bob keeps count with pebbles.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: We lost yesterday on accounta the
dialog: rain. That means we gotta make up
dialog: for it today, so put your backs to
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: You heard the boss! Let's move!
text: Ray and Claude jump down after Willie.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (squinting at the sun)
text: Looks like a scorcher.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: I bet the son of a bitch goes over a
dialog: hundred and ten.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: I'll take that action.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD -- DAY
text: The long line levels a road to a work tune being sung by
dialog: Jangle Leg.
text: Dillard checks the thermometer on the truck -- 90 degrees
text: and rising. Mopping his brow, he starts down the line.
text: The sun arcs overhead, a blazing inferno... Heat rises off
text: the road... The men sweat profusely... "Taking it off here,
text: boss!" echoes up and down the line.
text: Biscuit has his work cut out for him, lugging a water bucket
text: from man to man, offering the ladle.
text: The sun... the hammer... the ladle... the axe... the sun...
text: the hammer... the ladle... the axe... The mercury hits 110
dialog: degrees...
text: A NEW GUY lets his hammer slip from his fingers, collapses
text: in the dirt. Radio nods to Poker Face, who hands him a pack
text: of cigs.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Man down, boss!
text: Dillard uses his foot to roll the stricken man over. He's
text: still alive. Barely.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: You two, put him on the truck!
text: Ray and Claude drop their tools, grab the man by his arms
text: and legs and lug him up to the road. Once out of earshot,
text: Ray whispers to Claude.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Cookie drew me a map to Greenville.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You know what I'm saying.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yeah, I know what your saying. And
dialog: I'm saying if you made it that far,
dialog: they'd be watching every train that
text: pulls out of that station.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's why we won't take the train.
dialog: Cookie showed me where there's a
dialog: farm house. They got a boat there.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What do you know about boats? I bet
dialog: you can't even swim.
text: They reach the truck. With effort, they swing the man back
text: and forth and launch him into the back of the truck.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What I know about boats is they take
dialog: you to freedom. Come on, man. I think
dialog: we can do this.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Why are you always talking about we?
dialog: There is no we. There is a me, there
dialog: is a you. But there is no we between
dialog: us.
scene_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE WASHROOM -- DAY
text: Ray and Claude continue their conversation as they lather up
dialog: for a shave.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You want out of this place, don't
dialog: you? Don't tell me you're starting
dialog: to like it here.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: No, I don't like it here. Look around.
dialog: There's nothing but ass. Male ass!
dialog: Balls and ass! Believe you me, I'm
dialog: getting out of here.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm not gonna forget it. What does
dialog: that mean? If you've got a plan, I
dialog: think I have a right to know about
dialog: it. I told you my plan.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
text: Getting a map from a chubby chef
dialog: named Cookie? Dragging our asses
text: through the swamps in search of some
dialog: worm-eaten boat? That ain't a plan,
dialog: that's a vacation for two in the
dialog: hole. When you've got a map to New
dialog: York City, you get back to me.
text: Claude splits. Scowling, Ray finishes up his shave.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Moonlight streams through the barred windows of the cage.
text: Exhausted from the day's work, each man stretches out
text: painfully in his bunk.
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: Sure was hot out there today.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
text: Still too hot to sleep.
speaker_heading: RADIO
text: Every bone in my body feel like a
text: big son-of-a-bitch dog got hold of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: I can't wait 'til Sunday.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What's so great about Sunday? Monday's
text: right after it.
text: Restless, Radio rolls over.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Hey, Ray, what's the name of that
dialog: nightclub of yours?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You mean the Boom-Boom Room?
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: That's it. The Boom-Boom Room. Sure
dialog: would like to see that place when
dialog: you get it up and running.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You should have come by last night,
dialog: Radio. You woulda had yourself some
dialog: fun.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Last night? What are you talking
dialog: about, Ray?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm talking about old Satchmo nearly
text: blew the roof off the joint.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Satchmo.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: You mean Louis Armstrong?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He's a good friend of mine. Drops by
dialog: the club whenever he's in town.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hey, do we have to listen to this
dialog: bullshit? I'm trying to get some
dialog: sleep around here.
text: "Shut up, Claude!" echoes around the room. Irritated, Claude
text: thumps his pillow and turns his back on the room.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah, things were hot last night,
dialog: but you'll never guess who's playing
dialog: tonight.
text: BLAM! A high horn note sounds.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT:
text: CLOSE-UP -- Biscuit, all dolled up and flashing a million-
text: dollar smile. She begins to sing.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: A tisket a tasket...
text: Biscuit is up on a makeshift platform in the bunkhouse,
text: lipsyncing to Ella Fitzgerald. But its not the depressing
text: bunkhouse anymore, it has transformed into Ray's Boom-Boom
text: Room. PULL OUT SLOWLY as Ray, decked out in a sleek tuxedo
text: steps in front of the CAMERA. He speaks into the CAMERA as
dialog: he walks...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's right, fellas. Catch any cab
dialog: heading uptown. All the drivers know
dialog: Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Ray...
text: Ray looks to his left, sees Goldmouth in the old bunkhouse.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: Where am I at, man?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (in nightclub)
dialog: C'mon, Goldmouth, somebody's gotta
text: watch the front door.
text: The CAMERA PANS off Ray to Goldmouth, in a tuxedo, at the
text: front door of the nightclub with two lovely ladies. He waves
text: to himself, sitting on his bunk. Himself waves back, smiling
text: like a kid in a candy store.
text: Willie is behind the bar, serving drinks to three gorgeous
speaker_heading: SKIMMIES.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Hey, Ray, I could get used to this!
text: CLOSE ON Cookie sitting a table eating a huge porterhouse.
text: The CAMERA DOLLIES around to find Ray eating with him.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Ray, my man, this steak is like
dialog: butter!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Made just for you, Cookie.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: How about some steak sauce?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: No problem. Oh, boy!
text: Ray motions to a busboy clearing a table. It's Claude.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: How about some Worchestershire sauce!
dialog: And clean that damn table.
text: Claude grimaces.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Willie laughing, Goldmouth laughing, Poker Face in the bunk
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Hey, Ray, I know you got some
dialog: gambling!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ray at a craps table holding a pair of dice. He looks at
text: Poker Face on his bunk.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: C'mon, Poker Face, what's a club
dialog: without some dice?
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK as Ray throws the dice. A perfect seven.
text: The CAMERA PANS UP to Poker Face in a tux clutching a fistful
dialog: of cash.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Lucky seven! My nigger! Let it ride!
text: Across the room, Jangle Leg, in a tux, sits at the piano.
text: Radio, also in a tux, beats on the drums.
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: Sing, girlfriend!
text: Biscuit sings the song, smiling lovingly at her man. Everyone
text: is having a great time in Ray's Boom-Boom Room, until...
text: Whistles blow. At the front door, Hoppin' Bob appears with
text: FIVE TRUSTIES dressed in police outfits. The incorrigibles
text: scatter.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Hey, Ray, looks like trouble!
text: A hard white light from Hoppin' Bob's flashlight shines
text: directly into the CAMERA.
text: CLOSE ON Ray, in his bed, back in the old bunkhouse. The
text: music stops abruptly. He shields his eyes from the harsh
text: light. Hoppin' Bob is looming over him. It's back to reality.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: You don't shut up, you're gonna spend
text: the rest of the night in the hole,
dialog: Gibson! That goes for the rest of
dialog: you girls, too. I don't want to hear
dialog: another peep about no Boom-Boom
dialog: fucking Room!
text: A loud burst of flatulence cuts through the darkness. Hoppin'
text: Bob turns his flashlight on Cookie.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Sorry, Cap'n.
text: Scowling, Hoppin' Bob steps out of the cage and locks the
text: door behind him. The men slowly settle back in.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Pretty good story, Ray. Didn't much
dialog: care for the ending though.
text: Lights out at Camp 8.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 -- YARD -- DAY
text: Claude's playing pepper with Radio, Jangle Leg and Poker
dialog: Face.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Mail call!
text: The incorrigibles quickly gather around as he calls off names,
text: passing cards and letters through the crowd.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Craddock!... Williams... Henshaw!...
dialog: Banks!
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Here!
text: Dillard hands the letter to Ray, who glances at it before
text: passing it back to Claude.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Maynard Banks, Esquire. Attorney at
dialog: law.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Gimme that. That doesn't concern
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm sure it don't.
scene_heading: INT. CAMP 8 BUNKHOUSE -- DAY
text: Claude rips open the letter. A profound disappointment settles
text: over him as he reads the news from cousin Maynard. Bitterly,
text: he crumples up the letter and tosses it down.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: Dillard strolls down the line with his rifle over his
text: shoulder. Under his watchful gaze, hoes rise and fall. After
text: he passes, Claude moves a little closer to Ray.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What's up, Ray?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Claude.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Sure is hot today. Think it'll rain
dialog: later?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What do you want, Claude?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What do I want? What makes you think
dialog: I want something?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: My daddy always said when a man starts
dialog: talking about the weather keep you
dialog: hand on your wallet.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Your daddy must have been a helluva
dialog: guy, a deep man, a wise man. Sure
dialog: wish I could have met him --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Cut the bullshit. What do you want,
dialog: Claude?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (clearing his throat)
dialog: You still got that map?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Well, if you're still thinking about
dialog: booking it, I want in. I think we
dialog: can make it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We? Did I hear you say we? As I
dialog: recall, you're the one who said there
dialog: is no we. Guess we got some bad news
dialog: in that letter, huh?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Look, my cousin Maynard is a lawyer.
dialog: He filed an appeal on my behalf --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: On your behalf. What happened to we?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: The appeal was denied. Then Daisy
dialog: went and fell for Maynard. They're
dialog: engaged to be married, can you believe
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Well, let's just think about that
text: for a moment. He's a successful lawyer
dialog: up in New York City and you're down
dialog: here with a bright future in the
dialog: cotton picking business. Eeny, meeny,
dialog: miney, Maynard.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Come on, man. Don't shut me out. I'm
dialog: telling you, you and me, that map,
dialog: we can go places.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You know what, Claude? This whole
dialog: time we've been down here, you've
dialog: done nothing but think about yourself,
dialog: acting like this whole thing is my
dialog: fault. That plan with your cousin,
dialog: did that include me?
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: At least you're honest for once. So
dialog: now you want to be my friend? Well,
dialog: let me tell you something, Claude-my-
dialog: shit-don't-stink-Banks. You got a
dialog: lot to learn about friendship.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Does that mean I'm in?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't think so, Claude. You'd just
dialog: slow me down. We'd have to stop every
dialog: five minutes so you could polish
dialog: your silverware. There's no way around
dialog: it, you're soft.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I said you're soft.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Don't call me that. You know I hate
dialog: it when you call me that.
text: Ray gets in Claude's face and silently mouths the word --
text: "soft." Claude throws down his hoe and sinks his fist deep
text: into Ray's gut.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Damn, that felt good. I should have
dialog: done that the first time I met you.
text: Ray touches the blood coming from his nose. Eyes blazing, he
text: tackles Claude, dragging him to the ground. The two men roll
text: around, trying to strangle each other.
text: Hoppin' Bob hustles down the hill and drags Ray off of Claude.
text: But Claude comes back for more. Hoppin' Bob finds himself in
text: the middle of the fray.
text: That's when the cavalry arrives. Two trusties use their rifles
text: to crack Ray and Claude over the backs of their heads, sending
text: them both down for the count.
text: Hoppin' Bob empties his canteen over their faces. They sputter
text: back to consciousness.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: Now you girls set aside your
dialog: differences and get back to work or
dialog: I'll see to it --
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: -- we'll spend a night in the hole.
dialog: We heard this shit before.
text: Ray and Claude stagger to their feet and pick up their tools.
text: Hoppin' Bob and the trusties head back up the hill. Ray starts
text: to chuckle.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What the fuck are you laughing about?
text: Ray opens his palm to reveal TWO PEBBLES. Claude regards Ray
text: with new-found respect.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- SUNDOWN
text: One by one, the prisoners of Camp 8 climb into the mule carts
text: under the watchful eye of Hoppin' Bob. As each man passes,
text: he removes a pebble from his pocket. The last one in is
text: Willie. Hoppin' Bob's pocket is now empty.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: All in, boss!
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Move it out.
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: Movin' it out, boss.
text: Dillard spurs his horse, escorting the mule carts back to
dialog: camp.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD -- SUNDOWN
text: As the carts fade into the distance, Ray and Claude pop up
text: from a roadside ditch and take off for a grove of trees in
text: the opposite direction.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS -- SUNDOWN
text: Running for all they're worth, Ray and Claude crash through
text: the bramble. Claude trips over a root and sprawls face first
text: in the bushes. Ray turns around and helps him to his feet.
text: Claude is still laughing giddily. He throws his arms around
dialog: Ray.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You did it, man! You got us out!
dialog: Next stop, New York City!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: New York's a long way's off. Let's
dialog: just keep moving, okay?
text: As Ray and Claude disappear into the woods...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Radio's pulling in some jazz music out of New Orleans.
text: Prisoners hit their bunks as the floorwalker does the nightly
text: head count. He stops at Claude and Ray's empty bunks, glancing
text: around, puzzled.
scene_heading: EXT. DILLARD'S PORCH -- NIGHT
text: Dillard smokes a cigarette on the swing. His wife steps out
text: with a fresh bourbon and ice. Suddenly, SIRENS start to wail
text: and emergency floodlights blaze to life at Camp 8.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD -- NIGHT
text: Hounds scramble down from the back of a truck and gather
text: around the DOG BOY. He holds out a handful of soiled laundry
text: and a dozen snouts sniff it thoroughly.
text: Nearby, Dillard gathers a DOZEN MEN with rifles and
text: flashlights into a posse. He puts a cigarette in his mouth.
text: Hoppin' Bob lights it for him.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS -- NIGHT
text: Trees rise ominously around Ray and Claude as they push
text: through dense underbrush.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I know these trees all look the same,
dialog: but I'm getting an awful familiar
dialog: vibration from this one right here.
dialog: You sure you know where we're going?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Absolutely. The map is very clear.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Let me take a look at that map.
text: Claude considers it from various angles.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You call this a map? What was Cookie
dialog: smoking when he drew this?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Cookie didn't draw it. I did.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You drew this?!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I knew you wouldn't come if I didn't
dialog: have a map.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: That gripes my soul, man. We're out
dialog: here in the middle of nowhere. There
dialog: is shit nibbling at my balls! Don't
dialog: tell me you don't know where we're
dialog: going!
text: Ray shrugs and presses on. Dumbfounded, Claude considers the
text: map again, then tears it to shreds. The braying of hounds
text: echoes through the trees.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hey, wait up!
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS -- NIGHT
text: Ray and Claude race through the underbrush.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS -- NIGHT
text: Dillard and his men follow the dogs through the woods, hot
text: on the scent.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS -- NIGHT
text: Ray and Claude race up to a chain-link fence. On the other
text: side, an old Ford is parked on a dirt road. Hearing the posse
text: closing in behind them, Ray and Claude fling themselves onto
dialog: the fence.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS -- NIGHT
text: The posse is gaining ground. Dillard takes two men off to
text: the left, sending the rest of the men straight ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS -- NIGHT
text: Claude clears the fence first and scrambles for the old Ford.
text: Ray's shirt snags on a piece of wire as he drops down from
text: the fence. Stuck, he dangles helplessly a few feet off the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: INT. FORD -- NIGHT
text: Claude yanks open the door and jumps behind the wheel. TWO
text: WHITE TEENAGERS bolt up in the backseat where they were
text: necking. After a beat -- group scream. The half-dressed
text: teenagers dive from the car and scramble off down the road.
text: Claude twists the key in the ignition and the engine roars
dialog: to life.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Come on, Ray, time to go!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm stuck!
text: Claude sees Ray caught up on the fence, then hears the sounds
text: of the approaching posse. If he floored it right now, he
text: might make it. But he can't just leave Ray hanging there.
scene_heading: EXT. FENCE -- NIGHT
text: Claude runs up and grabs Ray's legs, pulling for all he's
text: worth. The shirt rips free, sending Ray and Claude tumbling
text: to the ground. They leap to their feet and turn toward the
text: car -- running smack into the barrel of Dillard's shotgun.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERINTENDENT'S MANSION -- DAY
text: An OLD BLACK PRISONER delivers a frosty mint julep to
text: SUPERINTENDENT ABERNATHY who rocks slowly in his chair. At
text: his feet, his 10-year-old daughter MAE ROSE is playing jacks.
text: Her long blonde hair makes her look like a little angel.
speaker_heading: MAE ROSE
dialog: Look, daddy. They caught those two
dialog: men who escaped last night.
text: Mae Rose is pointing down the drive, where Dillard and a
text: couple of trusties march Ray and Claude toward the house.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: They ain't men, Mae Rose. They're
dialog: convicts. And nigger convicts to
dialog: boot. Can you say nigger?
speaker_heading: MAE ROSE
dialog: Nagger?
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: No, nigger.
speaker_heading: MAE ROSE
dialog: Nigger.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: That's my girl.
text: Bound by leg irons and handcuffs, Ray and Claude are deposited
text: at the bottom of the stairs.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Here they are, Superintendent. We
dialog: tracked 'em all the way to the
dialog: Tallahachie.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: That's quite a ways. I'm glad you
dialog: New York boys could see some of our
dialog: lovely countryside while you're down
dialog: here. What do you say, Mae Rose? How
dialog: should we teach these two a lesson?
text: Mae Rose considers their faces. Ray and Claude look like
dialog: they've been to hell and back.
speaker_heading: MAE ROSE
dialog: A night in the hole?
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: Better make it a week.
text: Dillard nods and turns Ray and Claude around. As they march
text: back down the drive, Abernathy takes sip of his mint julep
text: and affectionately pats Mae Rose on the head.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 -- DAY
text: The incorrigibles of Camp 8 gather at the gun line, watching
text: silently as Dillard and a couple of trusties march Ray and
text: Claude toward the hole.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE -- DAY
text: The trusties shove them each into a small, dank cell and
text: slam the doors behind them. Dillard secures both doors with
text: an iron bar.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: See you in a week, boys.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S CELL -- DAY
text: Ray slumps to the floor, propping his feet against the wall.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, Claude. I just want to say thanks
dialog: for coming back for me.
scene_heading: INT. CLAUDE'S CELL -- DAY
text: Claude considers his bleak surroundings. It's a small,
text: uncomfortable space, not even big enough to lie down. Just a
text: tin bucket for a toilet.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Don't mention it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (off)
dialog: Hell, you'd probably be half way to
dialog: New York by now...
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'm serious, man. Don't mention it.
dialog: Ever.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE -- DAY
text: The sun beats down on the tin roofs...
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE -- CAGE -- NIGHT
text: The prisoners are gathered around a table, laying out money.
text: As usual, Poker Face is keeping tabs.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I'll take Claude to die on Wednesday
dialog: for fifty cents.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Wednesday for two bits. And don't
dialog: forget you already owe me a steak.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: I'll take Claude for Friday. That's
dialog: my birthday.
text: With an ear to his receiver, Radio slaps his money on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: RADIO
text: Weatherman says a heat wave's coming.
dialog: I say neither one of 'em son of
dialog: bitches gonna last past Thursday.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: I told you before, I don't take
dialog: pennies. Two cigarettes or one nickel
dialog: minimum. What about you, Willie?
dialog: Gonna get in on this action?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I got a crispy new dollar bill says
dialog: both of them gonna make it.
text: This gives the men pause. Willie tosses his money on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Now that's what I call a bet.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: It's a mighty long shot, Willie.
dialog: Nobody ever made it a week in the
dialog: hole.
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: Not in August, anyway.
text: But Willie leaves the money where it is.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Who else has some guts around here?
text: Poker Face makes notations as the betting resumes.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD -- DAY
text: Work goes on as usual for the prisoners of Camp 8. Trusties
dialog: keep their eyes peeled for slackers.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE -- DAY
text: The brick shacks bake in the noonday sun.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD -- DAY
text: Biscuit moves down the line offering the ladle to the men as
text: they struggle under a crushing heat wave.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE -- DAY
text: Superintendent Abernathy strides up and gives the nod to
text: Dillard, who unlocks the doors. Huddled in their respective
text: cells, Ray and Claude shrink from the bright sunlight. Then,
text: slowly and painfully, they rise to their feet.
text: In the background, the incorrigibles gather at the gun line
text: as word spreads that the fellows are still alive. Abernathy
text: glances at the crowd with annoyance.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: I don't think these boys have learned
dialog: their lesson. Let's give 'em another
dialog: week for good measure.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Sure you want to do that, sir?
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: Don't you ever question me, Sgt.
dialog: Dillard. When I give an order, you
dialog: jump to it, or I'll kick you and
dialog: that first-cousin you call a wife
dialog: outta that pretty little house so
dialog: fast it'll make your pin-head spin.
dialog: You got that?
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Dillard slams the doors on Ray and Claude and clamps shut
text: the padlocks. Abernathy smiles at the incorrigibles, who
text: regard him with undisguised hatred.
scene_heading: AT THE GUN LINE
text: A somber Poker Face offers Willie a wad of bills.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Well, they made it a week. Looks
dialog: like you win, Willie.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Let it ride.
scene_heading: INT. CLAUDE'S CELL -- NIGHT
text: A slot at the bottom of the door opens. A tin plate of mush
text: slides through and the slot closes. Slumped in the corner,
text: Claude reaches for the food -- but a RAT beats him to it,
text: scampering out of the shadows and leaping onto the dish.
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S CELL -- NIGHT
text: A commotion and wild screams come from Claude's cell. Ray
text: leaps to his feet, shouting through the wall.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Claude? You alright?!
scene_heading: INT. CLAUDE'S CELL -- NIGHT
text: Claude continues to stomp the rat.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Can't take it no more, Ray! Die,
dialog: motherfucker! Gotta get the fuck
dialog: outta here!
text: Claude pounds against the door, raising a holy racket. We
dialog: continue to cut back and forth between cells as needed.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Keep it together, Claude. You wake
dialog: up the man, he'll shoot you for sure.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: He'd be doing me a favor. I'm getting
dialog: outta here one way or the other!
dialog: Goddamn rats and shit! Fuck!
text: Claude continues shouting and pounding.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: All right, man, just settle down.
dialog: We'll get outta here, Claude. We'll
dialog: get outta here real soon.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: How the fuck are we gonna do that,
dialog: Ray?!
text: Ray looks around his cell. Claude's pounding is bound to
dialog: wake up somebody soon.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We'll just get off at the next stop.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (stops pounding,
dialog: confused)
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's right, we'll get off at the
text: next stop. The train's pulling into
dialog: the station right now.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: The hell you talking about? What
dialog: train?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We're in the Bronx, my man. Hundred
dialog: and Sixty First Street.
text: Claude focuses on what Ray is saying and starts to breathe
dialog: easier.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hundred and Sixty First Street? That's
text: Yankee Stadium.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hell, yes, Yankee Stadium. Bombers
text: are playing a double-header against
dialog: the Red Sox.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Red Sox... Who's on the mound?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't know. Who do you want?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Allie Reynolds. He's my boy.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sure, it says Allie Reynolds right
text: here in the program. He's warming up
dialog: right now. Man, we're so close to
dialog: the field I need cleats. How'd you
dialog: get such good seats?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I know people.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: They must be the right people. Whoa,
dialog: there goes the hot dog man. Let's
dialog: get a couple. Damn, that smells good.
dialog: Nothing like a ballpark hot dog,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You get ketchup?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Ketchup? Who eats ketchup on a hot
dialog: dog? Mustard's what you want.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I can't eat it with mustard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE -- NIGHT
text: Dillard strides toward the hole, shotgun in hand. He pauses
text: to listen to the argument, cocking an eyebrow in befuddlement.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (off)
dialog: Give me back that hot dog. I'll eat
dialog: it myself.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (off)
dialog: What am I gonna eat?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (off)
dialog: You can starve to death for all I
dialog: care. Now shut up, the game's about
dialog: to start.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (off)
dialog: Hey, man, is Babe Ruth in the lineup
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (off)
text: Of course, he's in the lineup. There
dialog: he goes right there. Hey, Babe...!
text: Dillard shakes his head, shoulders his gun and heads back
text: toward his house.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE -- DAY
text: Abernathy gives the nod to Dillard, who unlocks the doors.
text: Two trusties drag Ray and Claude out of their cells.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE -- DAY
text: The men crowd around the windows.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: What's going on? Are they alive or
dialog: dead?
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: Don't look too good.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
text: They're not moving.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE -- DAY
text: Slowly, Claude opens his eyes, squinting in the harsh light
text: of day. Summoning his strength, he staggers to his feet.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hey, Ray...
text: Ray's eyes blink open. Claude holds out a hand and helps him
text: stand up. They share a look. They made it.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: (scowling)
dialog: Sergeant Dillard, make sure these
text: two are out in the fields first thing
text: in the morning.
text: Abernathy turns on his heels. Dillard considers the two tough
text: guys standing before him.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Go on, get inside.
text: Ray and Claude stagger toward the bunkhouse as the
text: incorrigibles gather on the porch and help them in out of
dialog: the sun.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INSERT -- TIME PASSAGE
text: (Note: This montage is mixed with 16mm and Super 8 footage.
text: A beautiful 1940s song plays over.)
text: A. King Kong is machined-gunned off the top of the Empire
dialog: State Building...
text: B. FDR introduces his New Deal...
text: C. The incorrigibles chop weeds...
text: D. With Willie and Claude standing guard, Ray samples a batch
text: of moonshine from a secret still in his footlocker...
text: E. At the height of the depression, poor people line up in
text: front of a soup kitchen...
text: F. Ray and the crew sit around the poker table playing cards
dialog: and laughing...
text: G. Ray opens a letter and pulls out a snapshot of his mama
text: which he places over his bunk.
dialog: H. The incorribles level a road...
dialog: I. Jesse Owens wins the 100 meter race at the 1936 Olympics
dialog: in Berlin...
text: J. Benny Goodman sets the kids dancing with wild abandon in
text: the aisles of the Paramount Theater...
text: K. The Hindenburg bursts into flames...
text: L. Claude writes a letter, "Dear Sylvia"...
text: M. In the juke joint, Sylvia reads the letter and smiles.
text: She shows it to a few other WORKING GIRLS...
text: N. Adolf Hitler stabs the air in front of a foreboding sea
dialog: of Nazis...
text: O. The 1939 World's Fair opens in New York...
text: P. Ray nails a sign to the side of the bunkhouse: RAY'S BOOM
text: BOOM ROOM. He steps back to admire the effect. Behind him,
text: Sylvia and her friends mingle with the incorrigibles in the
text: yard... Dillard takes his cut as Claude and Sylvia head for
text: the tonk house. Ray and his date step up...
dialog: Q. Lou Gehrig is honored at Yankee Stadium. "Today I consider
dialog: myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth..."
text: R. With a pillow stuffed under a home-made Santa outfit, Ray
text: distributes chocolate to the incorrigibles while Claude and
dialog: Willie decorate the saddest little Christmas tree you ever
dialog: saw.
text: S. The 1940 Oldsmobile is introduced...
text: T. Japanese Zeros bomb Pearl Harbor...
text: U. FDR declares "a day that will live in infamy."...
text: V. A WWII newsreel shows American G.I. s storming a beach in
dialog: the South Pacific...
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL (1943) -- NIGHT
text: The inmates of Camp 8 cheer for the American soldiers up on
text: a makeshift movie screen. Instead of black and white stripes,
text: the prisoners now wear blue twill. In an audience of new
text: faces, the CAMERA FINDS some familiar ones. Ray and Claude
text: are surrounded by their crew -- Willie, Radio, Poker Face,
text: Cookie, Biscuit, Jangle Leg and Goldmouth. A decade has
dialog: passed.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: A line of NEW PRISONERS stands before Dillard, now 10 years
dialog: older.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: ...Camp 8 is for incorrigibles, so
dialog: whatever you've done to get here,
dialog: believe me, we are not impressed.
dialog: You new men are probably noticing
dialog: that we have no fences here at Camp
dialog: 8. We don't need no fences, we have
text: the gun line. It runs from shack to
text: shack clear around the yard --
text: Dillard pauses in front of a big country boy who can't be
text: more than 18 years old. The kid is bouncing a rubber ball.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: What the hell you think you're doing?
text: The kid don't answer. An OLD GUY steps forward.
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: Excuse me, boss. That kid don't talk.
dialog: Something wrong with his head, just
dialog: can't get right, boss.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Can't get right, huh? We'll see how
dialog: long he last. Now, where was I?
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: We don't need no fences at Camp 8,
dialog: boss.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: That's right. We don't need no fences,
dialog: we have the gun line. It runs from
text: shack to shack clear around the yard.
dialog: You are now inside the gun line...
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE -- DAY
text: Ray and some of the fellas are playing poker. Dillard's voice
text: drifts in through the open window.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (mouthing along)
dialog: If you step outside the gun line
dialog: without my permission, you will be
dialog: shot. If you trip and fall over the
dialog: gun line, you will be shot. If you
dialog: spit, if you pee, if you stick your
text: ass out and take a dump over the gun
dialog: line, you will be shot...
text: He lays down his cards and rakes in the pot.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL FIELD -- DAY
text: Jangle Leg pitches to Radio, who swings and misses. Behind
text: the plate, Goldmouth tosses the ball back to Jangle Leg. On
text: the sideline, Ray teaches three-card monte to CAN'T GET RIGHT.
text: Claude paces nearby.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I try to teach 'em the finer points
dialog: of the game, share my wisdom, but I
dialog: don't know why I bother. They don't
dialog: listen, they sure don't learn...
text: Another pitch, another strike.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What you're dealing with here is a
dialog: complete lack of talent.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'm sick of watching Camp 12 win the
dialog: championship. Every year they get to
dialog: roast the victory pig and we get
dialog: dick. This year I want that pig.
text: Radio knocks a grounder up the middle.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Alright, Radio, there you go. Who
dialog: wants to hit next?
text: Can't Get Right looks at Ray.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You want to hit?
dialog: (to Claude)
dialog: Yo, Claude. Give Can't Get Right a
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Him?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Can't be worse than any of these
dialog: other fools.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: All right, grab the bat. Let's see
dialog: what you can do.
text: Can't Get Right shuffles to the plate. Goldmouth hands him
dialog: the bat.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Jangle Leg's gonna throw the ball
dialog: nice and easy. You just go ahead and
dialog: take a swing.
text: Jangle Leg tosses the ball. Can't Get Right swings and
text: connects with a mighty CRACK! The incorrigibles crane their
text: necks as the ball disappears into the sky. They turn to look
text: at Can't Get Right. Ray gives Claude a significant look,
text: then tosses another ball out to Jangle Leg on the mound.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Okay. Let's try that again. This
dialog: time give it a little juice.
text: Jangle Leg nods, winds up and delivers a whistling fast ball.
text: Can't Get Right clobbers it. Once again, the incorrigibles
text: track the departing projectile.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Told ya.
text: Can't Get Right smiles for the first time.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERINTENDENT'S MANSION -- DAY
text: The men of Camp 8 paint a fence along the drive leading up
text: to the big house.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: I heard Camp 12 got themselves a son-
dialog: of-a-bitch used to pitch for the Mud
dialog: Hens.
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: That boy got a year for jay-walking.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Judge must have money riding on the
dialog: championship.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Don't matter who Camp 12 puts on the
dialog: mound. All I know is when this
dialog: season's over Camp 8's gonna have
text: pork chops.
text: Just then a U. S. Army Jeep swerves past the men and parks
text: in front of the mansion. Young CAPT. TOM BURNETTE helps MAE
text: ROSE out of the car. The prisoners stare furtively at her
text: long legs and curly blonde tresses.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Looks like little Mae Rose has grown
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: And out.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Mmm-mm, that girl's got gams.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: She's got it all. And it's firm and
text: round and fully packed.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You shred it, wheat. That there is
dialog: fresh water.
text: Next to them, Can't Get Right stares openly, mesmerized by
text: her beauty. Ray nudges him.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Be cool, man. You can look, just
dialog: don't drool.
text: Up at the mansion, Abernathy and his WIFE come out onto the
text: porch, all smiles.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: How was the honeymoon? Am I gonna be
dialog: a grandaddy soon?
scene_heading: MRS. ABERNATHY
dialog: Don't pay attention to the
dialog: superintendent, Tom. You're going to
dialog: stay for supper, aren't you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Afraid not. I'm shipping out this
dialog: afternoon.
text: The prisoners steal glances as Mae Rose kisses her new husband
text: goodbye. She gives them quite a show, raising her leg behind
text: her just like Betty Grable. Then Tom climbs into the Jeep
text: and pulls away.
text: Mae Rose takes a long glance at the prisoners. The men all
text: look away -- except Can't Get Right who stands there smiling
text: innocently. Mae Rose gives him a little wink, then turns her
text: back and bounces up the steps.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL FIELD -- DAY
text: A plump PIG roots about in a small pen. A sign dangles from
text: a post -- "First Prize." The incorrigibles of Camp 8 limber
text: up for the big game with the inmates of Camp 12 across the
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: Think you can handle something that
dialog: big, Cookie?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I handled your mama, didn't I? Don't
dialog: y'all worry. I got plans for that
dialog: bad boy. Ain't none of him going to
dialog: waste.
text: Beyond the fence, a late-model sedan rolls up. STAN BLOCKER,
text: in a straw hat and a rumpled suit, climbs out and stretches
text: his legs. Irritated, he smacks a mosquito and exchanges a
text: few words with Dillard.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Banks! Get over here!
text: Claude hustles over, removing his hat.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: This is Stan Blocker. Scout for the
dialog: Nigger Leagues.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Negro Leagues, actually. Pittsburgh
dialog: Crawfords. Ever hear of us?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: We get the games on the radio
dialog: sometimes.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: We played down in Jackson yesterday.
dialog: Heard a rumor you've got a boy up
dialog: here who can hit the ball a ton.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You probably mean Can't Get Right.
dialog: That's him over there.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Can't Get Right? That's the kid's
dialog: name? Can I talk to him?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You can try, but you won't get too
dialog: far. Why you interested?
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Crawford's are always looking for
dialog: new talent.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Maybe you didn't notice, but this is
text: a prison.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: There are ways around that. Right
dialog: sergeant?
text: Blocker winks at Dillard, then glances at the incorrigibles
text: practicing in the field. Goldmouth, Cookie, Poker Face,
dialog: Biscuit -- they don't exactly inspire confidence.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Nice looking squad. See you after
dialog: the game.
text: Blocker takes a seat on the bench.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL FIELD -- DAY
dialog: The inmates of Camp 12 are in the field. Our boys from Camp
text: 8 cheer for Cookie digging in at the plate. Ray taunts the
text: opposition from the third base line.
text: The PITCHER winds up and releases a fast ball. Cookie swings
text: and connects for a base hit up the middle.
speaker_heading: IN THE STANDS
text: Mrs. Abernathy and Mrs. Dillard share a box of Cracker Jack.
scene_heading: MRS. ABERNATHY
dialog: Of course, the superintendent's hoping
dialog: for a boy, but personally, I'd prefer
text: a girl.
scene_heading: MRS. DILLARD
dialog: Whatever it is will be a little gift
dialog: from heaven. Look at the way she
text: glows.
text: Mae Rose sits next to them. She is SIX MONTHS PREGNANT. She
text: removes her sunglasses and coyly bites a fingernail when she
text: spots Can't Get Right in the on-deck circle.
text: DOWN ON THE FIELD
text: Can't Get Right smiles shyly. Sensing trouble, Claude ushers
text: Can't Get Right toward the plate, massaging his shoulders.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You're my boy, just keep what little
dialog: mind you have focused on the game.
dialog: If you hit that ball the way I know
dialog: you can, you might just be our ticket
dialog: off this farm.
text: Can't Get Right digs in. Claude returns to the sidelines and
text: appeals to the gods. The pitcher winds up and releases a
text: fast ball. Can't Get Right connects with that familiar CRACK!
text: Blocker stands up and watches the ball clear the fence and
dialog: just keep going.
text: With his team cheering him on, Can't Get Right trots around
text: the bases. But he's still looking at Mae Rose.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD (LATER) -- DAY
text: Cookie slowly turns the pig on a spit over an open fire. The
text: incorrigibles are savoring a victory feast. As always, trusty
text: guards keep an eye on things.
text: Off to the side, Blocker is laughing with Ray and Claude. He
text: takes a hit off Ray's bottle of shine. It's not his first,
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Mark my words, within five years
dialog: there's gonna be a colored man playing
dialog: in the majors.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on, the world hasn't changed
dialog: that much.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Maybe not yet. But it will. And I'll
dialog: be out of a job. Damn, that's some
dialog: tasty hooch.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: It's amazing what Ray here can do
dialog: with a couple of pounds of potato
text: skins and some molasses.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: So, Blocker, what do you think of
dialog: our boy?
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: I think that boy could be the next
dialog: Josh Gibson. I'm gonna talk to the
dialog: front office about him, you can bet
dialog: on that. Damn, it's getting late. We
dialog: got a game in Memphis tomorrow.
text: Blocker starts for his car, parked just beyond the gun line.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What about us? Don't forget to mention
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We're like his handlers. He can't
dialog: function without us.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: I'll put in a good word for you.
dialog: You've done a good job with that
dialog: boy. Thanks for your hospitality.
text: Ray and Claude's eyes gleam with hope as Blocker's car rumbles
text: off down the road.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERINTENDENT'S MANSION -- NIGHT
text: Inside, a woman screams in agony. Then, the HEALTHY CRIES of
text: a new-born baby.
scene_heading: INT. MAE ROSE'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Superintendent Abernathy paces anxiously in front of a white
text: curtain surrounding Mae Rose's bed. Suddenly, Mrs Abernathy
text: staggers out from behind the curtain with a stricken look on
text: her face. She tries to speak, but words fail her. Her legs
text: go wobbly and she faints dead away.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: Uh, doctor...
text: The DOCTOR steps from behind the curtain, drawing it behind
text: him. He checks Mrs. Abernathy's pulse.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: She'll be fine. She just had a bit
text: of a shock.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: Is Mae Rose okay?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: She's doing just fine.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: And the baby?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (vague)
dialog: He's a big one.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: It's a boy! Well, let's get a look
text: at him.
text: Abernathy pushes past the doctor and yanks open the curtain.
text: Mae Rose is propped up in bed, looking exhausted.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: Well, where is he? Where's my new
dialog: grandson?
text: The NURSE turns around, cradling the baby in her arms.
text: Abernathy gently pulls back the soft blanket. His eyes widen
text: with horror upon discovering that the newest member of the
dialog: Abernathy family is black.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: Can't Get Right bounces his rubber ball off the wall, catching
text: it on the rebound.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE CAGE -- DAY
text: Ray passes around his latest batch of buck as the men discuss
text: Can't Get Right's professional prospects. The thump-thump of
text: the ball on the wall outside plays over.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: You really think they'll let him out
dialog: of here just to play baseball?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Why not? Boy's got God-given talent.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: God may have given it, but Claude
dialog: Banks spotted it and nurtured it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Damn straight. I expect those
dialog: Pittsburgh Crawdads to remember that.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Crawfords.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: (glancing out the
dialog: window)
dialog: Heads up, here comes trouble.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: Abernathy drives his sedan up to the bunkhouse. All of his
text: worldly possessions are strapped to the roof. It appears
text: that the Abernathys are leaving town. In the back seat, Mae
text: Rose cradles her baby. Her mother sits next to her. Dillard
text: steps out into the yard to confer with the Superintendent,
text: then turns to address the inmates.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Alright, listen up! I want every man
dialog: lined up out here in the yard on the
dialog: double! Let's move it!
speaker_heading: HOPPIN' BOB
dialog: You heard what the man said! Move
dialog: it!
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: Abernathy holds his newborn grandson up next to Ray's face.
text: Hmm. Scowling, he moves a little further down the line,
text: scrutinizing the features of each man. He pauses in front of
text: Claude, holds up the baby. Maybe. Abernathy stops in front
text: Goldmouth. Holds up the baby. The possibility makes him
text: shudder. He moves on to Can't Get Right. His eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: I know it was somebody from this
dialog: camp. I can feel it in my bones.
text: Disgusted, Abernathy hands the baby back to Mae Rose. Then
text: he turns, walks back to Can't Get Right and places a revolver
text: against his head.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: Do you know who the father of that
dialog: little chocolated baby is?
text: Can't Get Right nods slowly. Abernathy smiles.
speaker_heading: ABERNATHY
dialog: Well, then, who is it?
text: Up and down the line, the men brace themselves for the worst.
text: Can't Get Right just grins. Enraged, Abernathy cocks the
text: revolver. That's when Ray steps forward.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The baby's mine, boss.
text: Stunned, Abernathy lowers the gun and approaches Ray. Then
text: Claude steps forward.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: He's lying, boss. I'm the father of
dialog: that baby.
text: Confused, Abernathy looks back and forth between the two
text: men. Then Willie steps forward.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Actually, it was me, boss. I know I
dialog: may look old...
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: Any fool could see that baby's mine,
dialog: boss.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I beg to differ. That cute little
dialog: rascal belongs to me...
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: I'm the father...
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: I'm the father, boss...
speaker_heading: GOLDMOUTH
dialog: I'm the father...
speaker_heading: JANGLE LEG
dialog: I'm the father...
text: And so it goes down the line, until every last man of Camp 8
text: has stepped forward to claim kinship with the Superintendent.
text: Even hard-ass Dillard can't help cracking a smile. Disgusted,
text: confused and thoroughly fed up, Abernathy jams the revolver
text: into his belt and climbs into the car. As he guns the engine,
text: Mae Rose gazes out the back window, smiling one last time at
text: the father of her baby. Can't Get Right smiles back.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: It's visiting Sunday and Ray's Boom Boom Room is in full
text: swing. Sylvia's girls are everywhere. Down at the gunline,
text: Dillard takes his cut from inmates lined up for their turn
text: in the tonk. A FIVE-PIECE PRISON BAND is playing the blues.
text: Nearby, Willie is dispensing Ray's moonshine from a bunkhouse
text: window. He raises a jar in a toast.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: To Superintendent Abernathy. May he
dialog: have many more grandchildren!
text: The incorrigibles erupt in boisterous agreement. Claude grabs
text: Can't Get Right and shakes him.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What I want to know is where? When?
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Wasting your breath, Claude. He ain't
dialog: the type to kiss and tell.
text: Just then, Rev. Clay and his daughter emerge from the mess
text: hall and start across the yard. It's a good thing the old
dialog: man is blind because he wouldn't want to see how far his
text: flock has strayed. The Reverend inhales deeply as one of
text: Sylvia's girls passes nearby.
scene_heading: REV. CLAY
text: There's a sweet fragrance in the air
dialog: today.
scene_heading: CLAY'S DAUGHTER
text: The magnolias are blooming early
dialog: this year, daddy.
text: Blissed out incorrigibles enjoy a last dance as the band
text: downshifts into a slow, sultry number. In the midst of the
text: dancers, Claude clings to Sylvia. Nearby, Jangle Leg dances
text: intimately with a YOUNG WOMAN.
text: Up on the porch, Ray refreshes Biscuit's drink. Biscuit has
text: been crying and it shows. The liquor probably isn't helping.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't take it so hard, Biscuit. She
dialog: don't mean nothin' to him.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: Hell with him. It ain't that.
text: He pulls some folded sheets of paper from his pocket, passes
dialog: them to Ray.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: These are free papers.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: (devastated)
dialog: What am I gonna do out there, Ray? I
dialog: can't go home to my mama like this.
dialog: I'll get the strap for sure.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on, Biscuit, this is good news.
dialog: Your mama's gonna break down in tears
dialog: when you show up on her doorstep.
text: Poker Face leans in.
speaker_heading: POKER FACE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I'll give you three to one she gives
text: him the strap.
text: Ray gives Poker face a shove, then turns back to Biscuit.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It's 1945. It's a different world
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
dialog: Not for me, it ain't.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Well you can't stay here, Biscuit.
dialog: This ain't no life for a man. Any
dialog: one of these fellas would give their
dialog: right arm to be in your shoes. I
dialog: sure know I would.
text: Ray hands back the papers and heads off to dance with a PRETTY
text: YOUNG WOMAN lingering nearby. Left alone, Biscuit polishes
text: off his moonshine and checks his reflection in the bunkhouse
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT
text: No life on the inside, no life on
dialog: the outside...
text: He crumples the discharge papers and drops them. Then he
text: steps down from the porch and walks calmly past the dancing
text: prisoners toward the gun line.
text: Ray lifts his head off his date's shoulder. Something about
text: the way Biscuit is walking suggests that he isn't going to
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, Biscuit...!
text: But it's too late. Biscuit crosses the gun line and keeps
text: walking, his eyes focused on the horizon.
speaker_heading: TRUSTY
dialog: Man over the line!
text: The band stops playing, the dancers grow still. Dillard turns
text: around and squints.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Goddamnit, Biscuit, get back here!
text: But Biscuit isn't paying attention. He breaks into a run.
text: Dillard nods to Hoppin' Bob who raises his rifle and draws a
text: bead. But he can't pull the trigger. He lowers his gun.
text: Shots ring out from the shooter shacks. Biscuit reels from
text: the impact of the bullets and looks down sadly at the blood
text: spreading across his ring-arounds...
text: Prisoners silently gather at the gunline. Jangle Leg pushes
text: his way through the crowd and crosses the gunline without
text: hesitation. Dillard indicates for the shooters to hold their
text: fire. They train their rifles on Jangle Leg as he strides
text: toward his fallen companion. Jangle Leg gently lifts Biscuit's
text: lifeless body into his big arms and somberly carries him
text: back toward the camp. The CAMERA RISES HIGH OVERHEAD as the
text: prisoners make way for Jangle Leg to cross back over the
text: gunline.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKHOUSE -- DAY
text: A dark mood hangs over the men. Jangle Leg sits stoically as
text: Radio fiddles with his receiver. Nearby, Poker Face and Ray
text: play a listless game of gin rummy. Claude is thumbing
text: distractedly through a dog-eared copy of Baseball Digest.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Hey, fellas, I got Chicago.
dialog: But nobody can muster much enthusiasm for this news. Radio
text: shrugs and drops down on his bunk.
text: Just then, Can't Get Right walks past heading for the door.
text: He's dressed in civilian clothes, his bindle slung over his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hey, Can't Get Right, where you going?
dialog: Why you dressed like that?
text: Can't Get Right holds out a piece of paper which Ray
text: scrutinizes.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It's a pardon from the governor.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Let me see that.
text: The incorrigibles gather around for a glimpse at Can't Get
dialog: Right's ticket to freedom.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Where'd you get this?
text: Can't Get Right nods out the window. Stan Blocker is waiting
text: by his car.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: Claude storms across the yard and stops at the gun line. Ray
text: is a few steps behind.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yo, Blocker, what's going on here?
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Kid's getting out. I got him a pardon.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yeah, but what about me and Ray? I
dialog: didn't see our names on that pardon.
dialog: You said you were gonna put in a
dialog: good word for us.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: I did, Claude. I mentioned you. I
dialog: mentioned you both. But the fact is,
dialog: pardons don't come cheap. The kid
dialog: can hit. What can you do?
text: This hits Claude hard.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Let it go, Claude.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'm not gonna let it go. The man
dialog: needs to explain himself. Makin'
dialog: promises.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Look, I am truly sorry about this.
dialog: I'd like to help you...
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: But you can't.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: At least the kid's getting out. Isn't
dialog: this what you wanted?
text: Claude looks around as the incorrigibles begin to gather.
text: He's on the spot. Dillard approaches with Can't Get Right.
text: Claude looks into the big kid's eyes.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Yeah. Of course it is.
text: Steeling himself to the reality of the situation, Claude
dialog: gives Can't Get Right a hug.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You show them Crawfords how to play
dialog: ball.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Make 'em throw strikes.
text: Can't Get Right nods. He steps up to the gun line and looks
text: at both shooter shacks.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: It's alright. You're a free man now.
text: Can't Get Right steps across the gun line. Blocker opens the
text: car door for him. But before he climbs in, Can't Get Right
text: reaches into his pocket and pulls out his rubber ball. With
text: a smile, he tosses it to Claude, who snatches it out of the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: BLOCKER
dialog: Don't worry, we'll take good care of
dialog: him.
text: Blocker tips his hat and climbs behind the wheel. Claude and
text: Ray watch Blocker's car drive off under a red Mississippi
text: sunset. Slowly, the inmates drift back toward the bunkhouse
text: until Ray an Claude are left alone at the gun line.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: One of the new kids said they're
dialog: farming those acres just north of
dialog: the swamp. He said he saw a crop
text: duster flying around the place.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'm not in the mood right now, Ray.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He said they keep it parked out behind
dialog: the barn. Can't be that hard to fly
dialog: a plane. Lots of people do it.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: They're called pilots! I'm serious,
dialog: Ray. I'm not in the mood for one of
dialog: your stupid, fucked-up plans right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't see you coming up with any
dialog: plans.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (getting mad)
dialog: My plan is on his way to Pittsburgh
dialog: right now. That congenital idiot
dialog: just got himself a pardon signed by
dialog: the governor thanks to us, but we
dialog: can't seem to do nothing for
dialog: ourselves. Don't you feel a little
dialog: disgusted right now?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Crop duster.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I ain't getting in no airplane with
dialog: you. I'm finally wrapping my mind
dialog: around the concept. They threw us in
dialog: this shithole for life. Don't you
dialog: get it, Ray? We're gonna die here!
dialog: Might as well head up to the cemetery,
text: pick a plot and start digging.
text: Suddenly enraged, Ray hauls off and knocks Claude down with
text: a solid right. Surprised, Claude touches his bloody lip.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: My daddy died in prison. He gave up
dialog: hope and hung himself. What you're
dialog: talking about is the same damn thing.
dialog: That ain't how I'm going.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Maybe you're fooling yourself, Ray.
dialog: Maybe you're just a chip off the old
dialog: block.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Take that back or we ain't friends
dialog: no more, Claude Banks.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Here's a news flash, Ray. We never
dialog: were friends. We've just been stuck
dialog: together for 12 years. It's been
dialog: nothing but bad luck since the moment
dialog: I ran into you. Every time I look at
dialog: you I get sick to my stomach thinking
dialog: about what my life could have been
dialog: if I'd never bumped into Ray Gibson.
text: A hard look comes to Ray's eyes as Claude rises to his feet.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Better watch yourself Claude, before
dialog: you say something you regret.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: The only thing I regret is the day I
dialog: met you.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Well, if that's the way it is...
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: That's the way it is.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Then I have nothing left to say to
dialog: you.
text: Ray walks away, leaving Claude to nurse his split lip.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You never said nothing of value
dialog: anyway.
scene_heading: INSERT -- TIME PASSAGE
text: A. In his Pittsburgh Crawfords uniform, Can't Get Right lays
text: into a fast ball, sending it soaring into the bleachers...
text: B. People dance in the street in Time Square, marking the
dialog: end of WWII...
text: C. Hoppin' Bob drops a package on Ray's bunk. Ray rips off
text: the brown paper to reveal a book: "So You Want to Learn to
dialog: Fly..."
text: D. Claude and Sylvia make love in the tonk house...
text: E. In the mess hall, Ray pointedly carries his tray past a
text: table where Claude sits with Willie...
text: F. An A-bomb explodes in the Bikini Atolls...
text: G. Jimmy Stewart hugs his wife and children at the end of
dialog: "It's a Wonderful Life"...
text: H. Jackie Robinson slides across home plate at Ebbets Field...
text: I. Ray runs full tilt across a field toward a barn. Sure
text: enough, there's the single engine crop duster parked right
dialog: where he said it would be...
text: J. Claude and another INMATE repair a hole in the bunkhouse
text: roof. They dive for cover as Ray's crop duster swoops low
text: overhead and dips out of sight beyond the trees. A puff of
text: smoke rises into the sky...
text: K. Soot-stained, Ray is marched to the hole and shoved
dialog: inside...
text: L. Newly elected president Harry Truman holds up a copy of
text: the Chicago Tribune baring the headline "Dewey Defeats
dialog: Truman"...
text: M. RCA unveils the first color television...
text: N. Cars pull up next to speaker poles in front of a drive-in
dialog: movie screen...
text: O. In the bunkhouse, early rock and roll plays on a modern
text: 1950s radio that sits where the old vacuum tube receiver
text: used to be. A YOUNG TOUGH now occupies Radio's old bunk...
text: P. At the poker table, Poker Face slumps forward onto his
text: pile of chips, revealing a straight flush. The other men
dialog: quickly fold...
text: Q. With a TRUSTY standing guard, Claude and Ray silently
text: shovel dirt into Poker Face's grave. The CAMERA MOVES past
text: gravemarkers -- Biscuit, Jangle Leg, Radio...
text: R. Marilyn Monroe's skirt rises on a blast of subway air in
dialog: "The Seven-Year Itch"...
text: S. Rosa Parks is arrested for refusing to sit in the back of
dialog: the bus...
text: T. Elvis Presley creates a sensation on the Ed Sullivan
dialog: Show...
dialog: U. School children learn to "duck and cover" in the event of
dialog: nuclear attack...
text: V. The inmates of Camp 8 work to level a road. Ray's on one
dialog: side, Claude's on the other...
text: W. Prisoners mingle with friends and family on visiting
text: Sunday. Claude waits on the bunkhouse steps. His face
text: brightens when Sylvia appears...
text: X. Blacks sit-in at lunch counters in Greensboro, N.C...
dialog: Y. Kennedy is elected...
text: Z. OMITTED...
text: AA. Martin Luther King delivers his "I have a dream" speech
dialog: at the Lincoln Memorial...
text: BB. The Zapruder footage of Kennedy being shot...
text: CC. American soldiers jump down from helicopters and run for
dialog: the jungles in Vietnam...
text: DD. Ford introduces the 1965 Mustang...
dialog: EE. The assassination of Malcolm X...
text: FF. Muhammad Ali looms over Sonny Liston, asking "What's my
dialog: name?"...
text: GG. The CAMERA MOVES past more gravemarkers -- Hoppin' Bob,
text: Goldmouth -- to find Claude and Ray silently shoveling dirt
text: over another casket. Ray pounds a simple marker into the
text: ground: Cookie. Briefly, they lock eyes. But neither one
text: speaks and the moment passes...
dialog: HH. Go-Go dancers...
dialog: II. Mao Tse Tung...
dialog: JJ. Jimi Hendrix at the Monterey Pop Festival...
text: KK. TV's Batman and Robin battle the forces of evil in Gotham
dialog: City...
dialog: LL. Black Panthers...
dialog: MM. Peace Protesters...
dialog: NN. The death of Martin Luther King...
dialog: OO. Robert Kennedy...
text: PP. Neil Armstrong sets foot on the moon...
text: QQ. Vida Blue rears back and fires a pitch in the 1972 World
dialog: Series...
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: On the porch, Willie, now in his 70s, sits in a wheelchair
text: watching the ball game on a black-and-white television. A
text: TRUSTY waits nearby. Ray, now in his mid-60s, emerges from
text: the bunkhouse lugging a duffle bag.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Alright Willie, I think I got
dialog: everything. I'll talk to Dillard,
dialog: see if I can get up to the infirmary
dialog: and check up on you. Make sure they're
dialog: changing your diapers regular.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: They'll be sending you up there soon
dialog: enough. And not just for a visit,
dialog: neither.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (leaning in)
dialog: I slipped in a couple of bottles of
dialog: my latest batch. Help wash down all
dialog: them pills they'll be giving you.
text: He gives Willie a slap on the back and nods to the trusty.
text: The trusty wheels the old man across the yard where YOUNG
text: PRISONERS mingle with WIVES and FAMILY MEMBERS sporting the
dialog: fashions of the early '70s -- Afros, mutton chops, paisley
text: prints and bell-bottom pants.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE YARD
text: Looking old-style, Claude sits on the mess hall steps waiting
text: for Sylvia. He catches Willie's eye. The two men nod to each
text: other, an unspoken farewell. Then Claude turns to find Ray
text: looking at him from the bunkhouse steps. Ray and Claude hold
text: each others gaze for a moment. Then Ray heads back into the
text: bunkhouse.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: (off)
dialog: Are you Claude Banks?
text: Claude turns to face YVETTE, a pretty young woman.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: My name's Yvette. Sylvia sent me.
dialog: You look just like she said.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: She's alright, isn't she?
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: Oh, she's fine. She's just not coming
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: She got married last month.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Married?
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: Real nice guy, too. Trumpet player.
dialog: They moved down to New Orleans.
text: Claude takes this in, staring off into space.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: She always said that if you were on
dialog: the outside...
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: But I'm not on the outside. I'm in
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: I know she's sorry she won't be seeing
dialog: you anymore. Anyway, she wanted me
dialog: to take care of you.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Take care of me?
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: You know, go to the tonk or whatever.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'm too old for you. Besides, I'm
text: not much in the mood.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: Want me to come back some other time?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Nice girl like you don't belong in a
dialog: place like this. But if you talk to
dialog: Sylvia, tell her old Claude said
dialog: congratulations.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: Claude stands at the gun line, staring across at the Dillard
text: house. Mrs. Dillard places a couple of pies on the windowsill
dialog: to cool.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Whites-only pies...
text: Suddenly, he makes a break for the Dillard house.
speaker_heading: TRUSTY
dialog: Man over the line!
text: Ray turns to see Claude dashing across no-man's land. Shots
text: ring out from the shooter shack, kicking up dirt around
text: Claude's feet as he serpentines across the field.
scene_heading: EXT. DILLARD'S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Breathless, Claude makes it to the kitchen window and digs
text: his hand into the golden-brown crust, shoving a sloppy fistful
text: of pie into his mouth. More shots ring out. Bullets PING all
text: around him. Grabbing the pie, he darts around the side of
text: the building, out of range. Back against the wall, he drops
text: down on his haunches, snarfing pie like a hungry wolf.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: A case of empty Coke bottles sits in the middle of the yard,
text: glinting in the hot sun. His face smeared with boysenberry,
text: Claude finishes taking off his boots and socks and steps
text: barefoot onto the bottles.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Comfortable?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
text: As a pair of fur-lined bedroom
text: slippers, boss.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: We'll see what those slippers feel
dialog: like after, say, 24 hours. And if
dialog: you step down off them bottles -- if
text: one toe so much as touches the dirt --
dialog: one of these boys is gonna shoot you
dialog: dead. Let's see. We need a special
dialog: man for this job.
text: He takes a trusty's rifle and moves among the inmates, who
text: have gathered around. He stops when he gets to Ray.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: How about it, Ray?
text: Ray glances at Claude, then back at Dillard.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: I'll make you trusty right now. If
dialog: that pie-eatin' son of a bitch falls
dialog: off those bottles and you have to
dialog: shoot him, I'll see to it you get a
dialog: pardon. Hell, I'll personally escort
dialog: you out the gate.
text: Dillard offers the rifle to Ray, who doesn't have to think
dialog: too long.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You don't want to give me a gun,
dialog: boss. I'm liable to use it on you.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- SUNDOWN
text: Ray's been given the same treatment as Claude. Barefoot,
text: balanced on Coke bottles, the two men stand a few feet apart
text: facing each other. A trusty with a rifle keeps an eye on
text: them. After years of silence, the tension reaches the breaking
dialog: point...
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You're a sucker. I'd have taken that
dialog: deal.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Excuse me? Are you talking to me?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'd have knocked you off those
dialog: bottles, put a bullet in your ass
dialog: and be half way to New York right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: After all these years of blissful
dialog: silence, I almost forgot how annoying
dialog: the sound of your voice can be.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I hope you don't think I owe you
dialog: anything. Because I don't owe you a
dialog: damn thing.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I didn't do if for you, anyway. I
dialog: just ain't no boot-licking trusty,
dialog: that's all.
text: The trusty tightens his grip on his rifle. He'd love the
dialog: opportunity.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I was sorry to hear about your mama
text: passing.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That was five years ago.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I know, but since we're talking, I
dialog: thought I'd mention it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We're not talking, you're talking,
dialog: and doing too damn much of it, if
dialog: you ask me.
text: They stand in stony silence. Then Ray starts to laugh. A
text: long, low belly laugh.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You sure looked funny running for
text: those pies, bullets flying all around
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Bullets weren't the problem. That
dialog: pie was too hot. Burned my tongue.
text: The two men start to laugh. Really laugh. Nearly a decade's
text: worth of laughter comes welling up out of them, and they
text: nearly lose their balance, which only makes them laugh harder.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP 8 YARD -- DAY
text: A trusty bangs the rap iron. Young prisoners pour from the
text: bunkhouse and line up for breakfast. Claude and Ray bring up
text: the rear, the elder statesmen of the bunch. By a long shot.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Fourteen acres today and only 12
dialog: hours of daylight! Eat up and move
dialog: it out! Gibson! Banks! Get your sorry
dialog: asses over here!
text: Claude and Ray step out of line and approach Dillard.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: Every morning I wake up praying that
dialog: Ray Gibson and Claude Banks have
dialog: died in their sleep and every morning
dialog: you disappoint me.
scene_heading: RAY AND CLAUDE
dialog: Sorry, boss.
speaker_heading: DILLARD
dialog: I stand before you a defeated man.
dialog: Try as I might, I can't seem to break
dialog: you. I swear, if they dropped a
dialog: nuclear bomb on this camp, you and
dialog: the cockroaches would be the only
dialog: things left. But starting today at
dialog: least I won't have to endure your
dialog: presence any longer. You've got
dialog: fifteen minutes to clear out your
dialog: footlockers. You're both being
dialog: reassigned to the Superintendent's
dialog: mansion. And I, for one, will not
dialog: miss you.
text: Ray and Claude share a look. Then Ray embraces Dillard, who
text: stoically endures the breach of his personal space.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I always wanted to do that.
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: There is so much love inside of this
dialog: man.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERINTENDENT'S MANSION -- DAY
text: Up on the porch, Claude brings a tray of minted iced tea to
text: Superintendent Wilkins, who sets aside his bible and washes
text: down a couple of pills.
text: Before going back inside, Claude can't resist taunting Ray,
text: busy trimming a hedge out in the hot sun.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Oh, yard boy, these pansies could
dialog: use some attention over here. Perhaps
dialog: some fertilizer would restore their
dialog: exuberance.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH -- DAY
text: Claude and Ray beat the bulrushes with switches, rustling a
text: couple of pheasants from their hiding spot. As the birds
text: take wing, Wilkins aims his shot gun and fires twice in rapid
text: succession. Both birds fall from the sky in a flutter of
dialog: feathers.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERINTENDENT'S MANSION -- DAY
text: Claude fills Wilkins' water glass as the Superintendent takes
text: a bite of lamb chop and winces in pain.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
text: Damn dentures slipping again.
dialog: Everything falls apart when you grow
dialog: old, eh, Claude? Time sure marches
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yes, boss.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: You know, I'm fixing on retiring at
dialog: the end of the summer, gonna try to
dialog: enjoy what few years I have left.
dialog: What do you think of this place?
dialog: It's one of those new retirement
text: communities down on the Gulf.
text: Claude glances at a glossy brochure. From outside, Ray peers
text: suspiciously through the dining room window as he hacks at a
text: rose bush.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
text: Ocean views, palm trees, two heated
dialog: swimming pools and a golf course --
dialog: sounds a damn sight better than that
dialog: infirmary across the way where I'm
dialog: gonna end up.
text: Claude returns the brochure.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: I apologize, Claude. That was rude
dialog: of me.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: That's alright, boss. Takes a lot
text: more than a colorful brochure to
dialog: hurt my feelings.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: You been on the farm for quite a
dialog: spell, haven't you?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Over forty years now. Me and Ray
dialog: Gibson out there.
text: Wilkins glances over at the window. Ray ducks out of view.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Forty years. That's a long time for
dialog: any crime, even murder.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: It's a hell of a lot longer when
dialog: you're innocent.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Half the men in this prison swear
dialog: they're innocent. Don't you think
dialog: that's kinda funny?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You have to forgive me if I don't
dialog: laugh.
text: Claude pushes back into the kitchen, leaving Wilkins to think
dialog: this one over.
scene_heading: INT. SERVANTS' QUARTERS -- NIGHT
text: Ray and Claude are getting ready for bed.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You and Wilkins sure are getting
dialog: chummy. You two planning on going
dialog: steady, or something?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: He's just a lonely old man. He likes
dialog: to talk.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, I'm a lonely old man. I like to
dialog: talk, too. So why don't we start by
dialog: talking about what kind of a plan
dialog: you're working on?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'm not working on a plan.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You can't fool me, Claude. I know
dialog: you got something brewing.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Goodnight, Ray.
text: Claude punches his pillow and turns off the light.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERINTENDENT'S MANSION -- DAY
text: Ray hacks a rose bush down to the nub. From the garage comes
text: the sound of an engine turning over. Wilkins' 1973 Lincoln
text: Continental convertible lurches down the drive with Claude
text: at the wheel. He screeches to a halt inches from Ray's legs
text: and climbs from the car.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Don't touch that car.
text: Claude pulls out a hanky and buffs Ray's finger print off
dialog: the hood.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Wilkins' driver's got the flu, so he
dialog: asked me to fill in for him.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You haven't driven in 40 years, you
dialog: ain't even got a license. Man's taking
dialog: his life in his hands, putting you
dialog: behind the wheel! Where you taking
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Greenville. We're picking up the new
text: Superintendent at the bus station.
text: Ray scowls as Claude straightens his chauffeur uniform and
text: heads up the path to the mansion.
scene_heading: EXT. GREENVILLE BUS STATION -- DAY
text: Claude pulls up in front of the station, steps out of the
text: car and holds the door for Wilkins, who checks his watch.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: You know I trust you, Claude.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: Wilkins heads into the station, leaving Claude alone with
text: the Continental. All around him are the sights, sounds and
text: smells of the free world. A woman rushes into the arms of a
text: man as he climbs off a bus. Across the street is Grandma
text: Dodi's Pork Rib Joint where Cookie never made it to the peach
text: cobbler. A young brother with a boom box walks by. In the
text: street, kids crowd around the back of an ice cream truck.
text: Then Claude catches his reflection in the car window and
text: frowns. When did he get this old? Unnerved, he moves around
text: to the back of the car and pops open the trunk.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: Damn, it was getting hot in there.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What the hell are you doing in that
dialog: trunk?!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You didn't think I was gonna let you
dialog: escape alone, did you?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I ain't escaping! We're picking up
dialog: the new super just like I told you.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Then you're lucky I came along.
dialog: Doesn't take a visionary to spot a
dialog: golden opportunity like this. Now
dialog: help me out of this trunk.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You ain't getting out of that trunk.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on, man, I'm starting to cramp
dialog: up here.
dialog: (Ray struggles out of
dialog: the trunk)
dialog: We have the chance right here, right
dialog: now, I say we go!
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Go where, Ray?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Back to New York for starters.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: And what will we do when we get there?
dialog: I'm sixty-five years old, Ray. So
dialog: are you. What are we gonna do out
dialog: here? Get married, have kids, settle
dialog: down? That boat sailed without us,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: This boat's gonna sail without you,
dialog: too. I don't care if I last one day
dialog: out here. At least it's one day of
dialog: freedom. Now gimme those keys.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Forget about that. You run if you
dialog: want to, but you're not taking this
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Claude, man, I'm serious. Give me
dialog: those keys.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I ain't spending a month in the hole
dialog: so you can take a joy ride.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't make me take them away from
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hey, there's Wilkins!
text: Ray looks, Claude clocks him. Ray slumps back into the trunk.
text: Claude stuffs Ray's legs back into the trunk and slams the
dialog: lid.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Who's driving now, bitch?
text: He looks up just as Wilkins and the new superintendent exit
text: the bus station. Warren Pike's hair has gone grey and he's
text: 40 years older, but there's no mistaking the former sheriff
text: of Natchez County. He still bears a nasty scar on his cheek
text: from a wound inflicted long ago.
text: CLAUDE'S POV -- Pike appears as a young man in his sheriff's
text: uniform striding slowly toward him.
text: Claude blinks and looks again. Pike has returned to his old
text: self as he and Wilkins step up.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: (dropping his bags)
dialog: There you go, boy.
text: Oblivious, Pike climbs into the back seat. Wilkins nods to
dialog: Claude.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Come on, Claude, time to go.
text: Claude snaps to it, grabbing the bags. He considers opening
text: the trunk, but decides to carry them around to the front
text: seat with him.
scene_heading: EXT. KITCHEN PORCH -- DUSK
text: Backs to the CAMERA, Ray and Claude urinate, presumably off
text: the porch.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You sure it was him?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Some faces you just don't forget.
dialog: Warren Pike's is one of 'em.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't like it, I don't like it one
dialog: bit. We shoulda taken that car when
dialog: we had the opportunity. We'd be half
text: way to New York by now.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: We'd be in the hole by now. Hey,
dialog: man, you're peeing on my shoe.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: I know. Simultaneously, they shake
text: and zip. Claude bends down and picks
text: up a bowl of gumbo, placing it on a
text: tray next to an identical one.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Wilkins pours a frosty drink and offers it to Pike.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Lemonade?
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: I prefer bourbon.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: I'm sorry, I don't keep any liquor
text: in the house.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Well, fortunately, I carry my own.
text: Pike pulls a flask from his jacket and tilts it high. Claude
text: enters from the kitchen with the two steaming bowls of gumbo.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Hunting's been pretty good on the
dialog: farm the last few years. It's one of
dialog: the perks of the job. If you're
dialog: interested, tomorrow I could show
dialog: you some of my favorite spots.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: You don't have to twist my arm.
dialog: (digging in)
dialog: Say now, that gumbo has quite a kick.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Thank you, Claude. That'll be all
dialog: for tonight.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Goodnight, Mr. Wilkins. Mr. Pike.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Goodnight, Claude.
text: Pike nods coldly. Claude steps back into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: If you don't mind my saying, you
dialog: seem mighty familiar with your house
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: I believe in treating the convicts
dialog: with respect, if that's what you
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Respect? Well, isn't that progressive.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: If somebody deserves respect, Mr.
dialog: Pike, they receive it from me, convict
dialog: or no convict.
text: Pike curls his lip with disdain before taking a healthy
text: spoonful of gumbo.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH -- DAY
text: Claude and Ray beat the bullrushes with switches. Amid a
text: flutter of wings, three pheasants take to the air. Wilkins
text: fires first, knocking one out the sky. Pike pulls off two
text: rounds, playing clean up.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD -- DAY
text: Ray and Claude dump their game bags into the back of a pickup
text: truck. Nearby, Pike drains his flask while Wilkins scrapes
text: mud off his boots. The breeze picks up, clouds fill the sky.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Well, that's a pretty good haul.
dialog: What do you say, Mr. Pike? Ready to
dialog: call it a day?
text: Pike pulls a gold watch from his pocket and releases the
text: face plate. A familiar mechanical tune floats on the gathering
text: breeze. Ray turns around slowly. His eyes fall on the watch
text: in Pike's hand. His daddy's watch. In Pike's hand.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Yeah, it's getting late. I could
dialog: sure use a bath.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's a real nice watch you got
dialog: there, sir. Fancy old thing even
text: plays a little tune.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Yeah, it's special. They don't make
dialog: 'em like this anymore.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sure don't. Mind if I ask where you
dialog: got it?
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Why, my wife gave it to me on our
dialog: anniversary some years back.
text: Claude looks at the watch, then at Ray. Uh oh.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Must have been some time ago. Maybe
dialog: forty years?
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: (eyes narrowing)
dialog: Something like that, yes.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: She give you that scar, too?
text: Pike thrusts the barrel of his gun up under Ray's chin.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: I oughta shoot you for that comment,
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Like you shot Winston Hancock?
text: Wilkins turns to see Pike holding Ray at gunpoint.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: What's going on here?
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: I'm afraid I'm gonna have to teach
dialog: this uppity nigger a lesson in
dialog: manners.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's Mr. Uppity Nigger to you.
text: Ray grabs the barrel of the shotgun and slams it into Pike's
text: face. Pike rolls over and freezes, staring down the barrel
text: of his own gun now in Ray's hands. Confused, Wilkins points
text: his gun at Ray.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Cool it, Ray. You're gonna get us in
dialog: a lot of trouble.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: He's right, Gibson. Put down the gun
dialog: and we'll work this out.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm gonna work this man's brains out
text: the back of his head.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Shoot him, Wilkins!
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Don't shoot, sir. I can deal with
dialog: this.
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Ray, buddy, you don't want to shoot
dialog: this white man. See, you do that,
dialog: they'll kill you for sure. And it's
dialog: not that I like you or anything, but
dialog: I've kinda gotten used to having you
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He's got my daddy's watch, Claude. I
dialog: always knew whoever took that watch
dialog: killed Winston Hancock. And that was
dialog: you, Mr. Pike.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: He's crazy. Don't listen to him,
dialog: Wilkins.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Do you realize what your saying,
dialog: Gibson?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That watch was the only thing my
dialog: daddy ever gave me. It meant the
dialog: world to me.
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: Goddamn it, Wilkins, would you please
dialog: just shoot the nigger!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He shoots me, I swear I'll take you
dialog: with me! I just want to hear you say
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Is there any truth to what he's
dialog: saying, Pike?
speaker_heading: PIKE
dialog: What difference does it make? Natchez
dialog: was better off without Winston
dialog: Hancock! Who cares if a couple of no-
dialog: account bootleggers went to jail for
dialog: his killing? At least the state of
dialog: Mississippi got 40 years of cheap
dialog: labor out of the deal!
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Forty years of cheap labor! Gimme
dialog: that gun.
text: Claude grabs for the gun.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: No, I'm gonna kill him --
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: No, believe me, I'm gonna kill him!
text: Claude yanks the gun free and points it right in Pike's face.
text: Wilkins trains his gun on Claude. But the moment passes.
text: Claude lowers the gun. Bewildered, Wilkins does the same.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I can't do it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That's because you're soft. Gimme
dialog: the gun.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I said you're soft.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Don't call me soft, I hate it when
dialog: you call me that.
text: Ray mouths the word -- "soft." Claude clenches his jaw, points
text: the gun and pulls the trigger. Click.
text: Pike smirks and pulls a small gun from his boot. But as he
text: raises it -- BLAM! Pike is hurled backward by a shotgun blast.
text: Shocked, Ray and Claude look at Wilkins, his gun still smoking
text: in his hands.
text: After a significant beat, Ray reaches down and gingerly
text: retrieves his daddy's gold pocket watch.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I believe this is mine.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERINTENDENT'S MANSION -- DAY
text: A gurney carrying Pike's body is lifted into the back of a
text: van by two COUNTY CORONERS. Nearby, a distraught Wilkins
text: tells his story to a couple of SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: ...I was drawing a bead on a bird
dialog: when Mr. Pike just stepped into my
text: line of fire.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY #1
dialog: Where were the two convicts when the
dialog: shot was fired?
speaker_heading: WILKINS
text: They were busy loading up the truck.
dialog: We got him back here as quick as
dialog: possible, but... I just feel terrible
dialog: about this...
scene_heading: INT. MANSION -- DAY
text: Ray and Claude watch through the window as Wilkins talks to
dialog: the deputies.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Why don't he just tell 'em the truth?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He knows nobody wants to hear the
dialog: truth.
text: One of the deputies pats Wilkins sympathetically on the back.
text: Then he and his partner put away their notebooks and head
text: for their vehicle. Wilkins heads up the steps and into the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Well, I think they bought it. One of
dialog: the deputies belongs to my church.
text: Visibly shaken, Wilkins takes a seat, wiping the sweat from
text: his brow with a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
text: I realize there's no way... There's
dialog: nothing I can say to make up for
dialog: forty years... I'll have Charlotte
dialog: prepare those pardon papers right
dialog: away.
text: Wilkins winces and swallows a couple of pills from his box.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Claude, mind helping me to the
dialog: bathroom?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (giving him a hand)
dialog: Sure, boss.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: I'm not your boss. Not anymore.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CEMETERY (PRESENT) -- DAY
text: Jake looks at Willie expectantly.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: So Ray and Claude got their pardons,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (smacking him)
dialog: No, they didn't get their pardons,
dialog: you dumb shit! If they'd got their
dialog: pardons way back then, we wouldn't
dialog: be burying them today, would we?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (chewing on it)
dialog: Oh, right. Well, why didn't they get
dialog: those pardons?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Old man Wilkins' never came out of
dialog: that bathroom. Died right there on
dialog: the crapper.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Just like Elvis.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Of course nobody believed Ray and
dialog: Claude.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: That musta messed 'em up pretty bad.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What happened to 'em after that,
dialog: Willie?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: After that? Well, let's see. After
dialog: that they got old. We all got old.
scene_heading: EXT. INFIRMARY -- DAY
text: Ray and Claude, now in their nineties, sit under a tree in
text: the courtyard listening to a Yankees game on a transistor
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Nurse Humphries was checking my
dialog: prostate this morning. I got an
dialog: erection.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: An erection, huh? Haven't had one of
dialog: those in a while.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Tell me about it. Scared me at first.
dialog: Then, before I could figure out what
dialog: to do with it, it was gone. Imagine
dialog: my disappointment.
text: On the radio, the announcer voice rises in pitch as the
text: Yankees score. Ray and Claude share a satisfied look.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Sure would like to see the house
dialog: that Ruth built one more time.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Well, Ruth shoulda built it a little
dialog: better. Damn thing's falling to
dialog: pieces. Gonna hurt somebody.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What do you expect? It's almost as
dialog: old as we are.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: They oughta tear that shit down and
dialog: ship them Yankees cross the river to
dialog: Jersey.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Remember what that place looked like
dialog: on a sunny spring day? More beautiful
dialog: than any church I was ever in.
text: TWO ORDERLIES push a DEAD BODY past on a squeaking gurney.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Looks like old Jonesy finally got
text: his walking papers.
text: Ray tips his flask in a simple salute.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: Over to the morgue and up the hill
dialog: to the cemetery. Never thought I'd
dialog: admit it, Claude, but you were right.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: 'Course I was right. About what?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You're the one who said that
dialog: boneyard's the only way we're getting
dialog: out of here. We're gonna join all
dialog: the rest of 'em soon enough. Jangle
dialog: Leg, Biscuit, Goldmouth, Poker Face,
dialog: Cookie, Radio -- yes sir, pick a
dialog: plot and start digging...
text: Ray closes his eyes and settles in for a nap. Claude turns
text: to watch Jonesy squeaking away. Something about what Ray
dialog: just said has given him an idea.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY -- DAY
text: "Oprah" blares on the television. Old convicts linger about
text: in various states of repose and decay. A young ORDERLY pops
text: to the music on his Walkman as he pushes a cart through the
dialog: ward.
text: Over at a table, Ray and Claude play poker with Willie, a
text: SHAKY OLD JUNKIE and TWO YOUNG GANG BANGERS. The currency on
text: the table isn't poker chips, it's pills of various sizes and
dialog: colors.
speaker_heading: GANG BANGER #1
dialog: Two Percodan.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I'll raise you.
speaker_heading: GANG BANGER #1
dialog: What the fuck are those?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Keeps your cholesterol down.
speaker_heading: GANG BANGER #1
dialog: I look like I give a shit about my
dialog: cholesterol?
text: GANG BANGER #2 takes a quick hit of cocaine from a bullet.
text: He notices Ray staring at him.
scene_heading: GANG BANGER #2
dialog: You want a bump, G?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I wouldn't be putting that shit up
dialog: my nose. That came in in somebody's
dialog: ass. It's like you're sniffin' ass.
dialog: Maybe that's your thing, but it ain't
dialog: mine.
text: Ray pushes his bet to the center of the table. The shaky
text: junkie folds. Willie tosses in some pills and turns to Gang
dialog: Banger #2.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Looks like it's up to you, stinky
text: ass sniffer.
text: Glaring, Gang Banger #2 flips a big pill into the pot.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Thorazine? Well, that's a little
dialog: rich for my blood.
text: He tosses down his cards. The shaky junkie attempts to light
text: a cigarette. The match slips from his trembling fingers and
text: falls into his lap.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Damn fool gonna set this place on
dialog: fire one of these days.
text: Gang Banger #1 folds. It's back to Ray.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I got three stool softeners left.
dialog: (to Gang Banger #2)
dialog: That oughta be right up your alley.
text: The remaining players match the pot. Gang Banger #2 reveals
text: his cards. Willie frowns. Ray lays down his cards and
text: victoriously sweeps his winnings into a paper cup. Across
text: the room, Nurse Humphries enters with a tray of snacks. She,
dialog: too, is showing the years.
scene_heading: NURSE HUMPHRIES
dialog: Who wants Jell-O?
text: The magic word. The poker players join a stampede of oldsters
text: in a clatter of canes, walkers and artificial limbs. Ray and
text: Claude are left alone at the table.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, where you going? We got money
dialog: on the table here!
text: Claude glances around to ensure that he's not overheard.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You know, Ray, I've been chewing on
dialog: what you said this afternoon. I think
dialog: I got a plan.
text: Ray gives Claude a long look.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Are you trying to tell me after all
dialog: this time you finally have a plan
dialog: for busting out of here?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Shh! Is that so hard to believe?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't tell me, I don't want to hear
dialog: it. It's probably all fucked up,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You don't want to hear it, you don't
dialog: want to hear it. There's no shame in
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: It's too late for plans.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Never thought I'd hear Ray Gibson
dialog: say that. Hell with you then. You'd
dialog: only slow me down anyway.
text: Ray turns away as Claude walks off. A DODDERING INMATE stands
text: nearby slurping on Jell-O. His robe hangs open.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, man, cover that shit up!
text: Disgusted, Ray discards his own Jell-O. He pulls out his
text: daddy's pocket watch and checks the time. The little
text: mechanical tune nags at him. He snaps the lid shut and
text: considers the watch resting in the palm of his hand.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. INFIRMARY -- NIGHT
text: The building is dark. But then, through a first-floor window,
text: we see the unmistakable orange glow of a fire.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY -- NIGHT
text: An ALARM BLARES as the place fills with smoke. Wearing a
text: robe and slippers, Nurse Humphries runs among the prisoners,
text: helping them out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. INFIRMARY -- NIGHT
text: Coughing and disheveled, Ray emerges onto the lawn pushing
text: Willie in the wheelchair. As other prisoners evacuate the
text: building, Ray looks around for Claude, but he doesn't see
text: him. Nurse Humphries takes a quick head count.
scene_heading: NURSE HUMPHRIES
dialog: Is everyone here?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, where's Claude? I don't see
dialog: Claude!
scene_heading: NURSE HUMPHRIES
dialog: Stay calm, Ray. We'll find him.
dialog: Claude! Has anyone seen Claude?
speaker_heading: RAY
text: He must still be in there.
text: Grimly, Ray starts toward the burning infirmary. Nurse
text: Humphries holds him back.
scene_heading: NURSE HUMPHRIES
dialog: Wait for the firemen!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It'll be too late.
scene_heading: NURSE HUMPHRIES
dialog: You can't go in there, Ray! You'll
dialog: never make it!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm going in for him. He'd do the
dialog: same for me.
text: Ray shakes her off and runs up the steps, disappearing into
text: the burning building.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY -- NIGHT
text: Ray dodges flames as he presses into the inferno.
scene_heading: EXT. INFIRMARY -- NIGHT
text: Nurse Humphries, Willie and the rest of the inmates watch
text: grimly as flames engulf the building. Nobody could survive
text: this blaze. From the highway comes the siren wail of
text: approaching fire engines. But it's too late. Sparks erupt
text: into the night sky as the roof collapses...
scene_heading: EXT. INFIRMARY -- DAWN
text: Fire trucks pull away from the smoldering ruins. A local
text: REPORTER interviews witnesses. INVESTIGATORS comb through
text: the wreckage, making notes. COUNTY CORONERS pull a couple of
text: gurneys from the back of their van.
scene_heading: EXT. INFIRMARY RUINS -- DAY
text: Superintendent Bill Burke is led through the destruction by
text: a FIRE INSPECTOR. They approach the coroners as they finish
text: zipping up two body bags.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: How did it start?
speaker_heading: FIRE INSPECTOR
text: Probably old wires. The place was a
text: tinderbox just waiting to go.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I guess we should have torn this old
dialog: building down a long time ago.
speaker_heading: FIRE INSPECTOR
dialog: Gibson made it this far before he
text: was probably overcome by smoke. From
dialog: the look of things, Banks never even
text: made it out of bed.
text: Burke watches solemnly as the coroners wheel the bodies past
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CEMETERY -- DAY
text: Jake and Leon shake their heads and look at the two fresh
dialog: graves.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Man, you really bummed me out. That's
dialog: a terrible story.
dialog: (looking at Jake)
dialog: Nigger, you crying?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hell, no! I just got something in my
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's alright for a man to cry once
dialog: in awhile. Just don't make a habit
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Hey, Willie, what was Claude's plan,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Nothing to it, really. Claude figured
dialog: they could steal a couple of bodies
dialog: from the morgue. They got a couple
dialog: of crackers working there don't know
text: their asses from their elbows. Then
dialog: they was gonna set fire to the
dialog: infirmary and make it look like those
text: bodies was them that got stuck inside.
dialog: Claude figured during the commotion,
dialog: it wouldn't be too hard to slip onto
text: one of the fire trucks and hang tight
dialog: until it rolled right on out of here
text: in the morning.
text: The young inmates share a look, then glance into the graves,
text: then look back at Willie.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What makes you think it didn't work?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I never said it didn't work.
text: Leon and Jake do the arithmetic. You can almost hear the
text: gears grinding under the strain.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You trying to tell us that's not Ray
dialog: and Claude in those boxes?
text: Willie starts to chuckle and sets his electric wheel chair
text: on auto-pilot, leaving the young inmates to guess at the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What do you think about that?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I think that old man lost his marbles
dialog: about a hundred years ago. Come on,
dialog: let's get this over with.
text: They pick up their shovels and go back to work burying the
text: caskets.
scene_heading: INT. GREENVILLE FIRE STATION -- DAY
text: The CAMERA MOVES PAST a FIREMAN hosing down the truck, past
text: another group of soot-stained FIREMEN eating breakfast, and
text: pauses in front of two lockers. A couple of FIREMEN emerge
text: from the showers wrapped in towels and open their lockers.
text: They share a look.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN #1
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Alright, which of you hambones took
dialog: our clothes?
scene_heading: EXT. YANKEE STADIUM -- DAY -- WIDE SHOT
text: Scalpers sell tickets. Vendors hawk souvenirs. Fans stream
text: up from the subway and through the gates. Somebody is singing
dialog: "The Star-Spangled Banner."
scene_heading: EXT. STANDS -- DAY
text: In the middle of a capacity crowd, a VENDOR fixes two hot
text: dogs and passes them to a KID at the end of an aisle. The
text: kid passes them to the MAN next to him, and so on down the
dialog: line.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS the hot dogs from face to face, some old,
text: some young, some black, some white -- it's New York City,
text: after all -- and finally the hot dogs arrive in a pair of
text: old, calloused black hands. Ray passes one of the dogs to
dialog: Claude.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I can't eat this.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Why the hell not?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: I saw that hot dog guy in the bathroom
text: urinating. He didn't wash his hands.
text: Ray and Claude glance around confused as the wave rolls
text: through their section of the bleachers. What the fuck? Claude
text: inspects his hot dog.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Just put some mustard on it and eat
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: You didn't get ketchup?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Gimme that damn thing.
text: Ray snatches back the hot dog.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What am I gonna eat?
text: Ray is suddenly young again.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Have my ice cream.
text: Claude takes the ice cream. He, too, is suddenly young again.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Thanks.
text: They look at each other and share a laugh.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hell of a day for a ballgame, huh,
dialog: Claude?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Hell of a day, Ray. Yankees are on
dialog: fire.
text: Claude pops the top on his ice cream. Suddenly, they are
text: both old again.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: No, this ain't gonna work either.
text: It's half chocolate, half vanilla.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
text: They're touching.
text: The CAMERA begins to pull back.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: If you don't eat that ice cream right
dialog: now, I'm gonna strangle you until
dialog: you are completely dead.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Yeah? You and what army?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Next thing, you're gonna be
text: complaining about the seats.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Well, if you must know, they could
dialog: be closer.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Damn, I shoulda let Spanky Johnson
dialog: drown you in the river when I had
dialog: the chance.
text: "Pipe downs" etc. from the people around them.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (glancing around)
dialog: I know you're not talking to me...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm sorry, he's on medication...
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK as the arguing continues, just like
text: the old days. MUSIC UP.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
