speaker_heading: LIGHTS OUT
dialog: Story by
dialog: David Sandberg
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Eric Heisserer
dialog: March 4, 2015 draft with marked revisions
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BACK OFFICE - NIGHT
text: From a ceiling angle, right up against a buzzing,
text: occasionally flickering overhead BULB -- A MAN in this
text: cluttered office paces back and forth. On the phone.
text: This is PAUL, 40s, a man with gentle eyes whose body cannot
text: hide symptoms of stress and exhaustion. Deeply concerned.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’ve tried that. She won't go.
text: Windows in the office look out on a larger warehouse, full of
text: racks of clothing, mannequins, and bins of coat hangers.
text: Paul flicks through pages on a web browser as he stands at
text: his desk, switching the phone to the other ear.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Rebecca? She’s her own train wreck.
dialog: And I see her maybe once a year. I
dialog: can’t expect her to help us.
text: Paul listens to the person on the other end of the call.
text: Nods along as if he agrees with them.
text: All the while, he absently toys with his wedding band on his
text: ring finger with his thumb.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
text: A light clicks ON in the warehouse, and a young man named
text: KEITH (20s) crosses through an aisle to the office door.
text: He knocks and enters, holding a tablet--
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Okay, so--
dialog: (notices phone)
dialog: Oop.
text: Paul covers the mouthpiece with his hand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Inventory good?
text: Keith holds up the tablet, an app glowing on its screen.
speaker_heading: KEITH
text: More overages from J-Four. None of
dialog: it is “Fall Collection.” They're
dialog: still treating us like a dumping
dialog: ground for that failed line.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ship it back.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I hear you. I’m not saying it isn’t
dialog: a tough call.
text: Keith mouths the word: “Tonight?”
text: Paul sees the plea in Keith’s eyes and waves him off.
text: Mouths back, “Tomorrow.”
text: Keith puts his hands together and bows at Paul, then leaves,
text: shutting the door quietly behind him.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: We switched HMOs last month, and
dialog: getting the prescription sorted has
dialog: been a pain. So she’s been off her
dialog: meds and now I keep... It’s just
dialog: rough. I haven’t slept much.
text: The motion-activated warehouse light clicks OFF.
text: The cavernous space outside the office is dark. Nothing but
text: black shapes huddled together.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: You and Craig were at our wedding.
dialog: She will listen to you. Get her to
text: stop locking herself in the closet.
dialog: (then)
dialog: So we don’t call it an
dialog: intervention.
text: As Paul shuts down the applications on his computer, he gets
text: it down to the DESKTOP WALLPAPER IMAGE:
text: Paul, SOPHIE (40s, smiling, hair that hints Warning: Manic),
text: and MARTIN (8, somber, looking past camera).
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: I know Martin would love to see you
dialog: tonight. This is really taking a
dialog: toll on him.
text: A beat, then Paul closes his eyes and leans back in great
dialog: relief. Nodding again:
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, Donna. I‘’1l be home in
dialog: the next hour. See you both then?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All right. Bye.
text: He hangs up. And his attention is drawn to that wallpaper.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (sotto)
text: Help is on the way.
text: It’s unclear whom in the family photo he’s saying it to.
text: With a WINK, the PC powers down.
scene_heading: INT. CLOTHES WAREHOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The square MOTION-ACTIVATED SENSOR tucked high in a corner
text: clicks, its red detection-light winking off--
text: And the warehouse lights sputter to life again.
text: Paul locks the back office. His keys jangle.
text: He makes his way toward the storefront.
text: Traversing an aisle of dresses hanging on racks.
text: Something CLATTERS in one distant corner.
text: Paul pauses. Listening. Looking.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Keith? You still here?
dialog: Silence.
text: Paul stands on tiptoes to peer over the racks.
dialog: No movement.
text: The lights click OFF.
text: Paul turns around, staring up at the motion activator.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Oh, come on.
text: He waves his arm at it. Trying to trigger it.
text: Behind him, at the end of the aisle, a DARK SILHOUETTE slides
text: out from between the racks of clothes.
text: It seems tall. With long, unkempt hair that disguises the
text: shape of its head and neck.
text: And oddly, it doesn’t seem to be wearing clothes. Its shape
dialog: is too smooth; too raw.
text: Paul isn’t aware of it.
text: THE MOTION SENSOR still doesn’t wink on. In the dark, its
text: small red ‘detection’ light glows wanly.
text: PAUL waves with bigger gestures...
text: And the SILHOUETTE advances for him...
text: Slowly at first, then picking up speed, then THE LIGHTS clack
text: on again, sputtering to life--
text: And there is no one else in the aisle besides Paul.
dialog: Paul turns around--
text: And notices the hanging dresses a few feet from him swaying,
text: as if brushed by someone’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: No answer.
text: Paul hurries for the door.
scene_heading: INT. OUTLET MALL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Paul rolls the metal security gate down on the front entrance
text: to the clothing storefront. Locks the gate with his keys.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: The mall is quiet as a museum at night.
text: It must be October, because Halloween decorations are out.
text: Ghosts and bats hanging on fishing wire.
text: Scarecrows amid hay bales.
text: Witches with pointy hats posed over kiosks.
text: The whole place is dimly lit, mostly shut down. It’s clear
text: Paul was working past closing time. No other shops are lit.
dialog: Not even the hallway.
text: Just the shelf lighting under the planters, and the
text: occasional kiosk lights, showcasing some ad or mall map.
text: Paul makes his way for the parking garage.
text: As he passes a kiosk--
text: His SHADOW is cast upon the wall beside him. Advancing as he
text: continues past, stretching at a slanted angle.
text: And a SECOND shadow advances just behind it.
text: That same silhouette.
text: Paul catches sight of it, and turns--
text: Nothing’s there. Nothing to make that shadow on the wall.
text: He looks again at the wall--
text: It’s just his own shadow, and a very faint secondary one that
text: could be another shadow of his cast by a separate lamp.
text: Paul’s phone RINGS. Startles the hell out of him.
text: Nerves rattled, he checks the screen: “Home”
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (answers)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey, kiddo. I’m coming home now.
dialog: Promise I‘’ll be there soon.
text: Paul picks up the pace as he talks to his son.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: How’s mom doing tonight?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yeah? Better?
text: Paul reaches the doors to the parking garage.
dialog: One last look back:
text: All is quiet. All is still.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Well I’m on my way.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT
text: When the sliding doors open for Paul, a sodium-vapor lamp
text: awakens, saturating the structure in a dirty amber tint.
dialog: This garage isn’t a typical parking building. Someone tried
text: to make it look “arty” with its concrete pilings, turning
text: sharp corners into rounded ends, and elongating support beams
dialog: in logarithmic curves.
dialog: But at night, the effect is eerie: It looks like you’re
text: inside the ribcage of an enormous Giger-esque monster.
text: Paul’s Toyota sedan is one of maybe three cars still parked
text: at this hour, a hundred feet from the doors.
text: Paul marches for it, keys in one hand, phone in the other.
text: It is a long and tense walk. Paul keeps looking around for
text: signs of other people.
text: His footsteps echo in the cavernous space.
text: Paul gets to the Toyota, unlocking it with his key fob.
text: Behind him, the sodium-vapor security light goes out,
text: drenching the garage in darkness.
text: Paul opens the driver's door, grateful for the car’s interior
text: light which casts a downward glow on the area around it.
text: He hears something: The sound of the building doors sliding.
text: Paul turns around, unnerved, because the amber security lamp
dialog: did not wink on this time.
text: At the glass doors to the mall: THE SILHOUETTE.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Who’s there?
dialog: Silence.
text: Paul leans in, the Toyota squeaking from the weight of his
text: body. He grabs a flashlight from his glovebox and stands up
text: again at the door. His fight-or-flight feelings battle his
dialog: stubborn need to not be bullied or pranked.
text: He clicks on the flashlight’s bright, narrow beam. Shines it
text: right at the silhouette--
text: And it’s GONE. Like the light erased it from existence.
text: Paul frowns. Confused. Bordering on panic. He lowers the beam
text: of light, shining it on his feet--
text: And the silhouette has returned. Thirty feet closer.
text: Paul lifts the light again. Directing it at the shadow-form.
text: Again: Just light and garage wall in the distance.
text: Beat. Paul lowers the flashlight beam--
text: And the silhouette is A DOZEN FEET AWAY.
text: Paul jumps-- emits a partial curse word, and brings that
text: light beam up reflexively. Protectively.
dialog: Once again, nothing.
text: But now, he hears it. Feet scuffling on the ground.
text: Hurrying in some direction.
text: Paul sweeps the beam left and right, in search of it.
dialog: Nothing.
text: Then: a slight sound behind him. The Toyota squeaking as
text: something leans against it.
text: Paul looks down.
text: A shadow is cast from the car’s interior light:
text: Something is standing right behind him.
text: Paul starts to whirl around but--
text: The flashlight shines in our eyes as some hint of a HAND
text: grabs his wrist and--
text: Another dark-as-ink CLAWED HAND reaches around and covers his
dialog: mouth and--
text: THE FLASHLIGHT crashes to the ground, breaking.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Darkness. Then the sodium-vapor lamp awakens again, revealing
text: Paul’s mangled body on the ground by his car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES:
text: A montage of photographs -- family photos, vacation
text: snapshots, candids from different times around the world.
text: In each of them, somewhere, is a vague, humanoid SHADOW.
dialog: Unattached to any of the people. Sometimes it’s almost a
text: smudge on the photo. In many, it’s distinct; lurking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A POSTER-SIZED ILLUSTRATION
text: Malicious shadows cover a terrified, gorgeous woman trapped
text: in a tomb.
text: PULLING BACK to reveal it’s the cover art for a DEATH METAL
dialog: album of some Scandinavian band.
text: Somewhere, heavy metal MUSIC plays on low volume.
speaker_heading: WE'RE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM —- NIGHT
text: More posters of metal bands, artwork from cult comic books.
text: Crappy furniture. A single bed with disheveled sheets,
text: currently occupied by a young COUPLE:
text: REBECCA (20s) and BRET (20s) share a cigarette, staring at
text: the ceiling. Her dark lipstick is smeared, smudges of it
text: apparent on Bret’s face and neck.
text: Rebecca looks like a “Suicide Girl.” A Gothic tattoo “sleeve”
text: covers her left arm. Ears, nose, and lip sport piercings. Her
text: hair and makeup are inspired by the character Death from Neil
dialog: Gaiman’s Sandman series.
text: Bret’s bare chest showcases a few tattoos, and his hands are
text: rough and calloused from years of heavy guitar playing, but
text: where Rebecca’s body language says “cool as ice,” his is
text: bright and bouncy as a puppy.
text: From the bedroom window, an outdoor neon sign for a
text: restaurant winks on and off every few seconds.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Give me twenty minutes. I want
dialog: another ride.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (rolls eyes)
dialog: Uh-huh. I’m gonna go shower.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Oh yeah. Sure. Maybe I'11 join you.
text: She grins at Bret as she climbs out of bed.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You'll smell like girly soap.
text: He smiles back. Completely smitten.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Rebecca showers. All that makeup washes out. The teased hair,
text: thoroughly rinsed.
dialog: No sign of Bret.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: In a towel, Rebecca combs out her hair, staring at her own
dialog: reflection.
text: Her skin is pink from the hot water. Now it’s clear how much
text: of that makeup is a persona; a disguise. Because she looks
text: completely different in this light. She’s like a lost girl,
text: five years younger.
text: She examines her left arm, with the elaborate tattoo.
text: The inside of her forearm is more heavily inked. As if to
text: cover over an older tattoo or birthmark.
text: She looks at her right arm, currently bare.
text: The inside of this arm is peppered with neat rows of short
dialog: scars. Too neat to be accidental.
dialog: Rebecca used to be a cutter.
text: For a brief moment, there’s a sadness in her expression
text: rarely seen by someone twice her age. Then, she walls it all
text: up again in a deep breath, and steps out.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM —- NIGHT
text: It’s raining outside, now. Watersnake shadows slink down the
text: window, and the rain creates a soothing white noise.
text: Bret is fast asleep on the bed. Snoring lightly.
text: Rebecca nudges him with her naked foot.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Hey. Marathon Man.
dialog: 10.
text: He wakes up. Sits up on his elbows.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: I’m up, I’m up.
text: Rebecca goes to a drawer and pulls on an oversized t-shirt.
text: Her putter-around-the-pad comfort wear.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You can’t stay.
dialog: That’s when it hits us: This isn’t Bret’s apartment.
dialog: It’s Rebecca’s. All this artwork is hers.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Aww, Becca. Just one night?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Nope.
text: Bret reluctantly starts to get dressed. Notices the weather.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: You're kicking me out in the rain?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You'll be fine. You’re not a puppy.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: I thought I was your boyfriend.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You're a guy I’ve been seeing.
dialog: (off his reaction)
dialog: The only guy I’ve been seeing.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: For eight months.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Eight months? Really? Wow. That
dialog: puts you in first place.
dialog: (then)
dialog: C’mon, out, I have work early in
dialog: the morning. Then I’m gonna have
dialog: Gina start on my other sleeve.
text: Rebecca shuffles out the door to her living room.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: (calling after)
dialog: I can’t even keep a pair of jeans
dialog: here?
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Not even a sock? Just one sock!
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: What good is one sock?
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Is that a yes?
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: No.
text: Bret pulls a t-shirt over his head. It sports a band logo;
text: his own thrash metal band -- UNHOLY TRINITY. With a peeling
text: photo-graphic of himself and his two bandmates.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca cleans up the Chinese takeout on the coffee table.
dialog: This place is too small to have a dining room.
dialog: Bret calls from the bedroom:
speaker_heading: BRET (0.S.)
dialog: It’s not like having a sock here
dialog: would make it impossible to get rid
dialog: of me. Socks are not anchors.
text: Rebecca sighs.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I'll see you tomorrow night at the
dialog: gig. Let’s just agree to that, OK?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Bret goes to her top drawer and drops one sock in among her
text: collection of bras and panties.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: All right.
text: He puts his boots on. Hiding his one bare foot.
scene_heading: EXT. REBECCA’S FRONT STOOP - NIGHT
text: Bret steps out, protected under a small awning.
dialog: 12.
text: The rain has gotten heavier.
text: Rebecca kisses him, smiles, then shuts the door.
dialog: Beat.
text: Bret shakes his head, grinning.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: I love you, too!
text: Reluctantly, he steps out into the weather.
text: Makes his way down the sidewalk.
text: Pauses, fishing for his car keys.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: Hey! Sexy!
text: Bret looks up through the rain:
text: Rebecca has slid open her bedroom window, grinning down at
text: him, still in her t-shirt.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: I like you a lot.
text: Bret steps forward, encouraged.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Is that all?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Not quite.
text: Bret smiles through the rain. Expectant.
text: His SOCK sails down and lands on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: See you tomorrow.
text: She slides the window shut.
text: Bret picks his drenched sock from his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: So close...
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Grinning like a girl in love, Rebecca saunters back into this
text: room and crosses the fireplace, leaning down to turn up the
dialog: music in here.
text: SLOWLY PUSHING IN on a photo gathering dust on the mantle:
text: A much younger Sophie, and a 12-year-old REBECCA together.
text: Snapped in mid-laugh, Sophie surprised by her daughter.
text: No sign of Paul or Martin here.
scene_heading: THE PHOTO FILLS THE FRAME--
text: And then a shadow passes over it, and suddenly it’s not as
dialog: dusty as it was--
dialog: PULLING BACK to reveal--
speaker_heading: WE'RE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Another mantle, this one littered with framed photos.
text: Next to the identical photo of Sophie and Rebecca: that photo
text: of Paul, Sophie, and Martin seen earlier on his computer.
text: The collection showcases Martin most of all, but little
dialog: Rebecca is there quite a lot, too.
text: And then there’s PAUL. Center-stage on the mantle. A handsome
dialog: portrait...
text: Next to his framed OBITUARY, dated two weeks earlier.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Martin sits up in bed, still under the covers.
text: He listens. He stares at his bedroom door.
text: It hangs open a crack.
text: He can hear murmured conversation, as if someone is on the
text: phone down the hall.
text: Martin makes a face -- his struggle to be brave plays out in
text: his body language -- and then he hops out of bed.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Martin steps into the hall and travels past the upstairs
text: bathroom to another door at the far end.
text: The master bedroom. Half-closed.
text: Martin can hear his mother’s voice in the room.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (small)
dialog: Mommy?
text: Martin pushes the door open... revealing...
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S BEDROOM
text: A nest of clothes, empty glasses and stray plateware. This is
text: a hoarder’s room.
text: In one corner, the light from the master bathroom offers a
text: crease of light into this otherwise dreary, dark space.
text: In the other corner, SOPHIE stands at the open doorway to the
text: master closet, in profile, muttering to herself.
text: She looks worse than in those photos. The manic is full-blown
text: here. Her hair frazzled. Her nails chewed.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I just don’t know what to do about
dialog: it. And I’m sorry. I really am.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mommy?
text: Sophie turns to face Martin, surprised by him.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Yes, Martin?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I will be. Just not there yet.
dialog: Did we wake you?
text: Martin tenses at that pluralization.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What?
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Go back to bed, sweetie. Only ones
dialog: wandering the halls at this hour
dialog: should be grown-ups.
text: Sophie stares tiredly at her son. Gives him a slight nod --
dialog: “Go on, now.”
text: Martin turns around, takes two steps back for his room...
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I know. But he means well.
text: Martin looks back, over his shoulder.
text: Sophie’s returned to looking into the closet...
text: Where a SHADOW SLIDES along the door -- could it be cast by
dialog: Sophie herself? --
text: And then some floorboard CREAKS inside the closet.
text: Martin’s breath catches. His nostrils flare.
text: He hurries back down the hall, for his door--
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: --rushing in and shutting the door behind him. Locking it.
text: Climbing into bed.
text: Tense, expectant, he stares at his door.
dialog: Beat. Nothing happens.
text: Martin begins to calm down.
text: CLICK. The hall light goes out.
text: Martin holds his breath.
text: From down the hall: the SOUND of bare feet thumping on the
text: hardwood floor, with the added CLICKING of long nails.
text: Right up to Martin’s bedroom door.
text: Martin grips his blanket like a Spartan’s shield.
text: A tense beat. Quiet.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: .. -Mommy?
dialog: 16.
text: SCRATCHING on the door. Like a cat.
text: THE DOORKNOB jiggles.
text: From way farther down the hall, deep in Sophie’s room:
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (0.S.)
dialog: You want a kiss goodnight?
text: Martin’s reply is swift and loud:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: NO.
text: THE DOORKNOB stops jiggling.
text: But there is no sound of receding footsteps.
text: Martin slowly sinks under the covers, looking up at his
dialog: nightstand lamp.
text: THE BULB burns steadily.
dialog: HANGING on that bulb, PRESSING IN... did it weaken? Did it
dialog: just flicker?
text: ON MARTIN, settling in for another sleepless night...
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The land-line phone RINGS. One of those old-fashioned, loud
text: bell tones. No one answers.
text: PULLING BACK, sunlight pierces through the window. Wide open.
text: It’s the next day.
text: The phone stops RINGING. A beat later--
text: Sophie enters from the garage, carrying a shopping bag.
text: She moves to the big bay window in the living room...
text: And pulls out a heavy fabric from the bag.
dialog: She bought some brand new curtains. To keep the sun out.
scene_heading: EXT. MARTIN’S GRADE SCHOOL - DAY
dialog: Establishing.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL FULLER (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
text: She isn’t answering.
scene_heading: INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Principal Fuller (40s, snappy dresser) moves around his desk
text: and approaches a couch on the other side of his office.
text: Martin has dozed off. Fuller nudges him gently.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL FULLER
dialog: Hey. Martin?
text: Martin wakes, tense. Blinks.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL FULLER (CONT’D)
dialog: Is there someone else we could call
dialog: for you?
dialog: Martin considers the question.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALL - DAY
text: Rebecca marches in from outside, with Bret trailing her. Bret
text: grins at the seasonal calendar for the grade school.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: I didn’t know you had a brother.
text: Rebecca makes a bee-line for the principal’s office.
text: Before she enters:
speaker_heading: EMMA (0.S.)
dialog: Are you Rebecca?
text: Rebecca wheels around to find EMMA (30s, sincere) waiting for
text: her, outside the door to the school nurse’s station.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I’m Emma. I’m with Child Services.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: I was assigned to Martin after your
dialog: father’s death last month, and--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Step-father.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Paul was Martin’s father, not mine.
dialog: My dad ran off with his physical
dialog: therapist when I was ten.
text: Emma wasn’t expecting this information. She rolls with it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Okay. Let’s talk about Martin for a
dialog: minute. How is he when he’s at
dialog: home? Is he sleeping?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I don’t live there.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: So it’s just your mother in the
dialog: house, then?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How is she holding up?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Well, she takes antidepressants for
dialog: her mood swings. Is that what
dialog: you're asking?
text: Emma opens a small Moleskine notebook and makes a note.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How bad is it? The depression.
dialog: Rebecca doesn’t like the notebook.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Nothing to write about.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Is it a chemical deficiency?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Genetic?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No. I mean, I don’t know?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But you don’t live with her
dialog: anymore, so can’t speak to her
dialog: current behavior.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Look, is Martin okay? You’re
text: talking like he has a black eye or
dialog: something.
scene_heading: INT. NURSE'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
dialog: 19.
text: Martin sits on a cushioned chair, dark rings around his eyes
dialog: from lack of sleep.
speaker_heading: EMMA (V.O.)
dialog: He fell asleep in homeroom this
dialog: morning. For the third time in the
dialog: past week.
text: Rebecca enters, brow furrowed in concern.
text: Martin looks up at her. Astonished.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You showed up.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I didn’t know if you would.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Where’s Mom?
text: Martin shrugs. Looks away.
text: Emma steps in, putting her notebook back in her
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Martin. I know you and your mother
dialog: are going through a lot. And it’s
dialog: harder for you, because you really
dialog: can’t talk to your mother about it.
text: She's fighting her own battles.
text: Rebecca rolls her eyes. She’s sat through these
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Living with someone struggling with
dialog: depression is exhausting. I know
dialog: because my father battled it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: bag.
dialog: talks.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t know who you're going to
dialog: get. One moment they’re sweet, the
dialog: next they’re a monster. But if you
dialog: feel threatened, we can help. Okay?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (right at Rebecca)
dialog: This is why you left, isn’t it.
dialog: 20.
text: This gives Emma pause. She looks to Rebecca. Rebecca shrugs.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: My deal was more complicated. And
dialog: has nothing to do with you and mom.
dialog: Come on. I’1l take you home.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Your home? Or mom's?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Where you live.
text: Martin lets out a tired breath and eases off the chair.
text: Rebecca can read his body language.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re gonna be okay.
dialog: (to Emma)
dialog: He’s gonna be fine.
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bret’s beat-up SUV pulls into the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. BRET’S SUV
text: Bret shifts into park and smiles through the rearview
text: Martin, who’s buckled into the back seat.
text: Rebecca rides shotgun.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Here we are.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
text: Her car is here, so she’s home.
dialog: at
text: Martin makes no move to unbuckle his seat belt. His backpack
text: sits on the seat next to him.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You should take me to your place
text: instead. Just for a night.
text: Rebecca looks back at Martin. Bret chuckles.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Good luck barking up that tree.
text: Rebecca gives Bret a “don’t start” glance, then tells Martin:
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You wouldn’t like it there. I have
text: lots of scary posters on the walls.
text: But Martin looks more scared of his own house now.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I just need some sleep.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: This is exciting.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Why are you excited?
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Getting to meet your mom is a big
dialog: deal. That's like, the next step.
text: Rebecca rolls her eyes and opens her door.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: C’mon Martin, let’s go.
dialog: (points at Bret)
dialog: You, stay in the car.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Oh come on. I wore my good jeans!
text: Bret’s jeans: Patched and shredded.
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca leads Martin up to the front door.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Mom goes through phases like this.
dialog: Just give her a while and she'll
dialog: bounce back. Is she being social
dialog: with anyone right now?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Someone keeps coming over.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Good. Who?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: “Diana.”
text: This stops Rebecca in her tracks. She turns to face Martin.
text: Her whole body language has changed now. Her hands make fists
text: at her sides. Her jaw pulses.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: ...What?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Her name is Diana.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM
text: POV ANGLE: Watching Rebecca and Martin through a crack in the
dialog: curtains. Is this Sophie watching?
text: Rebecca bends slightly to speak in low tones with Martin.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I know what you’re going through.
dialog: She did it to me after my dad left.
text: She got off her meds and started
dialog: talking to... someone.
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Rebecca puts a hand on Martin’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I had bad dreams about Diana, but
dialog: that’s all they are. Because she
dialog: isn’t real. Okay?
text: Martin's face goes from hopeful confidant to disappointed.
text: Suddenly he looks more exhausted than any eight-year-old
dialog: should ever be. Head bowed:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If you say so.
text: The door opens and Sophie steps out, in a bath robe.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Becca? Is that you?
text: Rebecca stands up and approaches Sophie.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Hey, mom.
text: Sophie notes Rebecca’s clothing color choice.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Still in mourning?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I just like black.
text: Sophie nods, conceding. She pulls Rebecca into a welcome hug.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: It’s good to see you.
text: It takes a moment for Rebecca to hug back. Didn’t expect one.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You, too.
text: Martin moves past, into the house.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: What are you doing home, little
dialog: mister?
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Martin doesn’t look back, he just marches for his bedroom.
text: Over his shoulder:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She’1l tell you.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
text: He hasn’t been sleeping.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Who can blame him. Paul was
dialog: everything to us.
dialog: (corrects)
dialog: Nearly everything.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Are you seeing a therapist?
text: Sophie deflects by idly tidying up. As she does:
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I’m not going to talk about my
dialog: problems to some stranger.
dialog: I’ve been through this before.
dialog: You were there when Vic left me,
dialog: you remember.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Oh yeah, I remember.
text: She looks around the room and spies a half-eaten lunch on the
text: coffee table. The TV plays, muted.
text: For the first time, we get a better look at the room, with
text: the new curtains.
text: It’s more of a cave now. Some boxes of clothes (Paul’s) sit
text: in a corner of the room, like a hoarder’s starter kit. The
text: lack of natural light, mixed with the multicolored ambient TV
text: light, all makes for a depressing, if macabre feel.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: How long have you been off-roading
dialog: it?
text: Sophie’s poor-me vibe disappears in a breath. She bites back:
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Excuse me?
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN’S ROOM
text: Martin gets a gym bag from his closet and begins to stuff
text: various articles of clothing from his chest of drawers.
text: The raised voices of Sophie and Rebecca can be heard through
text: the walls and down the hall as Martin packs.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (0.S.)
dialog: --and once again, I am here by
dialog: myself, trying to do it all on my
dialog: own without any help--
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: Help? Is that your code word for
dialog: making someone listen to you
dialog: complain about your life all day?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (0.S.)
dialog: Listen here, Rebecca Ann--
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM HALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Martin crosses from his bedroom to the bathroom across the
text: hall, hefting his gym bag with him.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: Answer the question!
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (0.S.)
dialog: You’re not my doctor, you’re my
dialog: daughter, why can’t you just be on
dialog: my side for once--
text: Martin emerges with his toothbrush in one hand.
text: He heads back for the living room, glancing into--
text: A HOME OFFICE, its door halfway open.
text: Martin stops. Curious. This is a room that is typically
text: closed to him.
text: Down the hall, the fight continues.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: How about you be on Martin’s side,
dialog: have you thought about that?
text: Martin slowly approaches the door, to peer inside...
text: POV: A SHADOW on the wall moves. Something’s in there.
text: Startled, Martin hurries for the living room.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM
dialog: Mother and daughter still go at it.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Are you seriously accusing me of
dialog: being a bad mother? You of all
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Can we talk about Martin without
dialog: you jumping to that idea? Come on!
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Excuse me for being upset that I
dialog: have to raise him without his
dialog: father. Look how you turned out.
text: This cuts Rebecca deep. If she lets it fester, she’ll start
text: crying. Instead, she hardens up.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I’m going to give you some time.
dialog: And when you aren’t totally manic,
dialog: you can call me. Until then, I’m
dialog: not letting Martin stay here.
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Martin, pack your--
text: Martin steps in, tense, carrying his bag and backpack.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m ready.
text: Sophie is shocked.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Martin. Honey. Come on now.
text: Rebecca is now empowered again. Authoritative.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Let's go.
text: Rebecca leads Martin out the front door. Sophie is hot on
dialog: their tracks.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: You two planned this! Didn’t you!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Nobody planned anything, mom.
text: Martin looks back at his mother with a gentle look of pure
dialog: sympathy. On his way out:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’ll be back soon as I can.
dialog: (halfway out the door)
dialog: Take your vitamins after dinner!
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca hurries for Bret’s idling SUV with Martin in tow.
text: Bret meets them at the passenger side--
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Whoa whoa--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Get back in, we're leaving.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Where we going?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: My place.
text: Bret moves. No questions.
text: At the front door, Sophie calls after Rebecca:
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: You're just like your father!
text: Already in the SUV, Rebecca turns her full anger toward her
text: mother and starts cursing her, while Bret races to shut the
text: passenger automatic window. It seals up at the last word--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You're just like a crazy b--
scene_heading: EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - EVENING
text: Establishing. The sky threatens to rain. The clouds are the
text: color of fresh bruises.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Rebecca opens the door for Martin, showing him in like a bell
text: hop to a hotel suite.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Here we are. You can take the bed
dialog: tonight. Just stash your stuff
dialog: wherever.
text: Martin steps in and looks wide-eyed at the posters on the
text: walls. Like he’s on an alien planet.
text: Rebecca watches Martin. Suddenly feels embarrassed.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Or if you prefer the couch...
text: Martin puts his bag on the bed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No. This is fine.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I’m gonna order some dinner.
text: She gently shuts her door, letting him alone.
text: Martin unzips the gym bag and digs around through the clothes
text: inside. He finds what he’s after, and pulls it out--
dialog: 28.
text: A FLASHLIGHT.
text: He checks the switch, then puts it on the nightstand.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Bret pulls Rebecca around to speak to her quietly before she
text: gets to the kitchen phone.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Was this your idea?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Bringing the kid here.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: It’s not safe there.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: So. You call the lady at the
dialog: school. That’s what CPS is for.
dialog: Exactly this.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: He’s my brother.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: She’s his mother.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: So?
text: Bret takes a beat. Watches her carefully.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Becks. Did you do this to help him,
dialog: or to hurt her?
text: Rebecca crosses her arms. Nostrils flaring. In a scary even
dialog: tone, she tells Bret:
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You should go now.
text: Bret deflates. He grabs his keys.
text: Staying on Rebecca, all stern face and disappointment...
text: The sound of the front door SHUTTING...
dialog: 29.
text: And Rebecca slumps, almost caving in on herself. She puts a
text: hand over her face and lets out a long breath.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Dark. Then a light clicks on to reveal we’re inside the
text: fridge and Rebecca has just opened the door, peering in.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Let me see what I can put together
dialog: for you...
text: She grabs some lunchmeat.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: How about a sandwich?
text: In the dinette right off the kitchen, Martin sits at the
text: table, in his pajamas. He nods.
text: His hair is wild from a recent bath.
text: Rebecca builds a sandwich for him at the counter.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know this is a little late for
dialog: dinner. So. We’1l call it a snack.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Crust or no crust?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Crust is fine.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Can you make them triangles?
text: Rebecca grins.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Oh, you take after your big sister.
text: She brings the sandwich on a plate to the table and presents
dialog: it to him.
text: Martin takes a bite. Nods: He approves.
text: Rebecca then notices a HAIRBRUSH on the table.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom usually brushes my hair.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Well. I’1l give it a try.
dialog: 30.
text: Rebecca works on taming Martin’s messy hair while he eats.
text: For a moment, the two are actually content as siblings. He
text: feels nurtured, and she feels like a proper caregiver.
text: Then, Martin puts down his sandwich.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Rebecca?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If mom is crazy, does it mean we’re
dialog: a little crazy too?
text: Rebecca pauses. Unsure how to answer that question.
text: It eats at her conscience.
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE'S BACK YARD - DUSK (FLASHBACK)
text: A bonfire crackles.
text: A bonfire made of clothes, CDs, and other personal effects.
text: SOPHIE (younger, exhausted) stands at the fire with a box at
text: her feet. She wears a bath robe that she’s been living in for
dialog: the past week, judging by its condition.
text: Next to her, a 10-year-old REBECCA. Big eyes. And scared the
dialog: way children get when a pillar of their life changes.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBECCA
dialog: Is that Daddy’s stuff?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Not anymore. He abandoned it all
dialog: when he ran off with that little
text: harlot from work.
text: Sophie pulls another shirt out of the box. Holds it in front
dialog: of her daughter.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Smell this. You know what that is?
dialog: (Rebecca sniffs)
dialog: Dior. “Dune.” Your mother doesn’t
dialog: wear Dior.
text: Sophie tosses the shirt onto the fire. The flames consume it
text: hungrily, flaring up.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBECCA
dialog: ...What happens now?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Transformation.
text: Sophie reaches into her robe’s pocket and pulls out a
text: prescription pill bottle. Holds it up...
text: ...and tosses it into the fire with the clothes.
text: Mental alarm bells go off in Rebecca’s head.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBECCA
dialog: Why'd you do that?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: That’s the old me. They were
dialog: supposed to help me keep my life
dialog: together. Look what happened.
dialog: (a breath)
dialog: Time to let the world know I’m
dialog: ready for something new.
text: She dumps the last of the box into the fire. It ROARS up.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You hear me? Bring me someone who
dialog: won’t run away!
text: From one angle, with Sophie in silhouette against the roaring
text: bonfire, her head raised to the sky, the scene could be
text: mistaken as something much more... ritualistic.
scene_heading: EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Dead of night. It’s raining.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Rebecca sleeps, spooning a set of covers partly turned back.
text: She's made visible in four-second intervals by the bright
text: neon light from the sign outside her window.
text: A faint SCRATCHING SOUND somewhere in the room causes her to
text: stir in her sleep. She wakes.
text: And she finds she’s alone in the bed.
text: Rebecca sits up. Blinks. Looks around.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Martin?
text: The neon winks off to reveal A SILHOUETTE in the door. Small.
text: Partly enveloped in shadow from the room beyond.
text: The SCRATCHING comes from somewhere in that direction.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: The neon lights up the room in a green glow, revealing
dialog: nothing in the hall...
text: Then it goes out, and the SILHOUETTE is back.
text: The SCRATCHING continues.
text: Rebecca reaches over to turn on the bedside lamp-- click. But
dialog: nothing happens. Click-click. Nope.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to flip the light switch
dialog: by you. The outlet is... here.
text: She gets out of bed. The neon light returns, illuminating the
dialog: doorway...
text: No one is there.
text: Rebecca frowns. Takes a step forward, cautious.
text: Beat. The light goes out again...
text: Revealing the SILHOUETTE still there.
text: Rebecca’s breath catches.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Martin?
text: The shadow RISES now, from its small, hunched over state, to
text: something taller than Rebecca by a foot.
text: Rebecca backpedals, stumbles, hits the hardwood floor--
text: The silhouette takes a step into the room and something like
text: toenails CLICK against the wood surface--
text: Rebecca is trapped, the bedroom door her only way out,
text: adrenaline dumping into her system all at once--
dialog: Then the neon returns--
dialog: 33.
text: And the silhouette EVAPORATES when the light washes over it,
dialog: and for a precious few seconds Rebecca is safe--
text: Which is when Rebecca scrambles to get back up and RUSH for
text: the wall switch by the door--
text: Slapping it with her hand while she’s in the wash of light--
text: CLICK. The bedside lamp turns on.
text: Rebecca is alone in the lit room.
text: Suddenly out of breath, but alone.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca steps in -- the light is already on in here.
text: She takes a hard look at herself in the mirror.
text: Glances down at her arm with the old scars.
text: She tucks her arm to her side, like she’s trying not to think
dialog: about it.
text: Something makes a small sound in the room with her, and in a
text: heartbeat she’s back to fight-or-flight mode.
text: The shower curtain is drawn partway.
text: Rebecca advances slowly. She relaxes when she sees:
text: MARTIN, asleep in the dry bathtub basin, in his pajamas.
text: He clutches his flashlight to his chest. He’s using a towel
dialog: for a pillow.
text: Rebecca sits down on the tub’s edge and watches Martin sleep.
text: Her attention drifts back to the bathroom door; to the
text: hallway beyond. Questioning what just happened.
text: PRE-LAP the sound of a doorbell RING--
scene_heading: EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - MORNING
text: The rain has stopped. The sun shines.
text: A lone figure in a raincoat stands at Rebecca’s stoop.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Rebecca opens the front door to reveal the figure is EMMA.
text: And she looks sternly at Rebecca.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Did you take Martin?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARTIN (0.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
text: Emma pushes past Rebecca, into the apartment.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You can’t do this.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Emma sits on the couch, Rebecca paces.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: She’s unstable. It’s not a safe
dialog: environment for him. For anyone.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Getting dressed for school.
text: Emma looks to the closed bedroom door, then speaks directly
text: but in a slightly low voice to prevent Martin overhearing.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Think about what you want to do.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I did. I brought him here.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I’m not talking about some kneejerk
dialog: reaction. He can’t stay here.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Sure he can.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Not without-- Rebecca, come on. You
dialog: know why I’m here? She called me.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: So Child Services takes orders from
dialog: nutjobs now? She’s on triazolam and
dialog: beta blockers for a reason.
text: Emma stands up like she’s taking the pulpit.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I went there, I stopped by in
dialog: person to make sure she was lucid,
dialog: and she was, but you know what?
dialog: That’s not how this works.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Why the hell not?
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Sophie is his birth mother. His
dialog: legal guardian. To get Martin from
dialog: her custody requires you to file
dialog: charges against her. Take her to
dialog: court. That’s a long, painful
dialog: process, and that’s only the first
dialog: half. To keep Martin from being
dialog: placed into foster care, you’d need
dialog: to prove yourself and your home as
dialog: an appropriate surrogate.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So that’s two major choices for you
dialog: to make: Declaring war on your
dialog: mother, and transforming into a
dialog: responsible guardian for him. Are
dialog: you ready to do that?
text: Rebecca blinks. She didn’t expect that truth slapped at her
dialog: this early.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I can be a responsible guardian.
text: Emma answers by looking past Rebecca, and then around the
text: room, taking it all in.
text: More HEAVY METAL POSTERS. Some with provocative illustrated
text: women. A book on the coffee table about tattoo artists. And
text: finally, a plastic bong on the bookshelf.
text: Emma doesn’t say a word. She doesn’t have to.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: EXT. REBECCA’S FRONT STOOP - MORNING
text: Emma takes Martin by the hand to her car.
text: Martin looks back at Rebecca who stands at her doorway.
text: He waves at her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It’s okay. I got some sleep. I’11
dialog: do better tonight.
text: Rebecca waves and smiles wanly. But honestly, the little boy
text: is breaking her heart.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca shuffles in, hand over her eyes. Her body language
dialog: screams, “What the hell am I doing.”
text: She bends down to pick up a t-shirt of hers on the floor.
text: When she does, she freezes. Her attention is riveted to
text: something on the floor...
text: A STICK FIGURE IN A DRESS has been carved into the hardwood
text: flooring, with a name scrawled beneath it:
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: Rebecca shudders. Crouches down and traces one of the letters
text: with her finger. It’s triggering some memory; her gaze
text: wanders off the floor and up, as if she starts to see it in
dialog: the same room--
text: All the while darkness encroaches around her, until--
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S CHILDHOOD BEDROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: A young REBECCA (age 10) sleeps in her bed. From somewhere in
text: the room, a nightlight casts a wan glow over her.
text: Then... with a brief BUZZ, the nightlight winks OUT.
text: STAYING ON REBECCA who stirs in her sleep, some part of her
text: aware that the light has changed.
text: A door creaks open.
text: Rustling sounds. Like a rat in a cupboard.
dialog: 37.
text: This wakes Rebecca. She blinks. Sits up.
text: Her bedroom CLOSET DOORS hang open. Inside: pitch black.
text: All is quiet.
text: Then: the rustling continues. A bit clearer now: Paper is
text: involved. Someone handling paper.
text: Coming from the closet.
text: Rebecca gets gooseflesh and her heart rate skyrockets.
text: She reaches over to her nightstand to turn on her lamp--
dialog: But the lamp is GONE. A place for a lamp is there, even a
text: footprint on the surface, but it’s not there now.
text: Rebecca turns back to face the closet with renewed fear.
text: There, at the base, on its side: the lamp.
text: Nostrils flaring, Rebecca slips out of the bed.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBECCA
dialog: Mom...? Is that you?
text: Beat. The rustling pauses.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Sweetheart.
text: Rebecca frowns. Takes a tentative step for the closet.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REBECCA
dialog: What are you doing?
text: No answer. Scratching on paper. Then:
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Your mother is going to be fine.
text: Rebecca takes two more steps.
text: The closet interior is a black hole in the wall.
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m here now.
text: Rebecca quickly reaches out and flicks on the closet light--
text: The closet LIGHTS UP to reveal--
text: NO ONE INSIDE, but something FALLS from midair--
dialog: 38.
text: An old sketch pad. And a black crayon.
text: The crayon rolls to Rebecca’s bare foot.
text: Rebecca looks around, utterly terrified there’s no one there.
text: THE SKETCH PAD lies open to an old drawing.
dialog: A stick-figure trio. Mommy, Daddy, Me.
text: Daddy has been crossed through. And in the same black crayon,
dialog: a new figure has been added:
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: Young Rebecca stares down in shock--
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - BACK TO SCENE
text: Present-day Rebecca stares down at the same handwriting
text: carved into her floor.
text: She grabs her phone. Still distracted by the carving, she
text: brings up her voicemail.
text: On speaker, she plays an old message.
speaker_heading: VOICEMAIL (V.O.)
text: Saved message. Thirty-two days old.
text: BEEP. Then Paul’s voice:
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: Rebecca. This is your step-father.
dialog: You know I wouldn't be calling if
dialog: it weren't serious. I just... It
dialog: involves your mother. Call me?
text: BEEP. Rebecca never called. But she has a grim idea now--
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S KITCHEN - DAY
speaker_heading: QUICK SHOTS:
text: - Rebecca’s thumb on the power button to her weathered laptop
text: as the boot sequence CHIMES.
text: - Rebecca’s hand on the fridge, pulling a card for an LAPD
text: detective from the door.
text: - Digits lighting up on her cell phone’s screen: “7-1-4”
text: - Rebecca’s fingers flutter on the keyboard, that black nail
text: polish shining in the screen’s glow.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: THEN:
text: Rebecca holds the phone in her hand at the little kitchen
text: table, her laptop screen visible. On screen: An ARTICLE from
dialog: LA Times:
dialog: Store Owner Beaten to Death in Anaheim
text: A PHOTO of Paul’s car in the garage accompanies the article,
text: but it’s shot from the other side of where his body was
text: found, so all we see are LAPD officers standing around and
text: looking grim at the (unseen) body.
speaker_heading: DET. PETRUCCI (V.O.)
dialog: (faint; from phone)
dialog: Yeah, Petrucci.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Detective Petrucci? This is Rebecca
dialog: Lloyd. We spoke a few weeks ago,
dialog: about my step-father’s murder?
text: She paces the room as she listens. The Detective’s voice is
text: barely heard on the other line.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Paul Wells, yes. Did you catch
dialog: whoever did it?
text: Rebecca scrolls down the article on her laptop and puts
text: Petrucci on speakerphone while she keeps reading.
speaker_heading: DET. PETRUCCI (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: --pursuing every lead, but what we
dialog: need most now is some help from
dialog: people who knew Paul. How well did
dialog: you know him?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Me? I mean, not really.
speaker_heading: DET. PETRUCCI (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Did you get along with him?
dialog: Rebecca doesn’t like where this is going. Is she a suspect?
text: Now her attention is on her phone.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I guess? He was my step-dad. Why?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DET. PETRUCCI (V.O.)
dialog: Because you’re the first family
dialog: member to call me since I was put
dialog: on the case. Usually the wife is
dialog: calling me every day, asking for
dialog: updates.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What happened with your mother’s
dialog: first husband?
dialog: Holy shit -- he’s not suspicious of her, he’s after Sophie.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Dad ran off with a client.
dialog: That’s all.
text: Over the speakerphone, she can hear Petrucci typing at his
text: computer, making notes.
speaker_heading: DET. PETRUCCI (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Uh-huh, and you were Martin’s age
dialog: when that happened, right? Would
dialog: you say your mother suffers from
dialog: mood swings?
text: Suddenly this is a very charged call. Rebecca takes it off
text: speaker and puts it to her ear --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I gotta go.
text: And she hangs up. For a moment her eyes wander, then she gets
dialog: up, having committed to a course of action:
scene_heading: Time to go straight to the source. PRE-LAP a DOORBELL:
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Rebecca stands on the front porch just as a taxi pulls away
text: from the curb.
text: She rings the bell again.
text: Stands back and checks the driveway: No car.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Mom? You home?
dialog: Nothing.
text: Checking over her shoulder, Rebecca bends down --
dialog: 41.
text: And pulls a small plastic magnetized CONTAINER from under a
text: windowsill. Slides it open to reveal: A HOUSE KEY.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca steps inside and shuts the door behind her.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Hello?
dialog: No response.
text: Rebecca ventures deeper into the house.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Rebecca ascends the stairs and heads for the master bedroom.
text: She glances in at the home office on her way and stops in her
text: tracks. Turns. And steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. HOME OFFICE
text: Paul’s working space. Oak desk, home computer, filing
text: cabinets. A small treadmill in the corner.
dialog: That’s not the strange part.
dialog: The weirdness is the fact that the framed photos have been
text: taken down. Paul’s diploma, his choice of landscape art...
text: Even the filing cabinets are partly gutted.
text: Rebecca notices a corner of the room:
text: A weird MAKESHIFT BED built from pillows and a quilt is
text: tucked back behind one side of the desk, where the desk lamp
text: has been unplugged, and the cord CHEWED OFF.
text: Something new hangs on the wall here. It’s not the same
dialog: dimensions as what used to hang on the hook; the paint on the
text: wall is discolored in a different shape.
text: Rebecca leans in to look at the new framed photo:
text: A black-and-white snapshot, at least thirty years old. Even
text: the frame suggests 1980s.
text: It’s at a hospital, outside on the grounds. Slightly off the
text: center of the pic stands a WOMAN with her back to us, head
text: partly turned to look our way. The shade of a wild-shaped
text: tree hides her face from us.
dialog: 42.
text: Rebecca looks around. Feeling like she’s being watched.
text: Carefully, she takes the framed photo down from the wall...
text: And slides the photograph out from under the glass.
text: On the other side of the photo, some handwritten info in old,
dialog: faded pen:
dialog: “Diana / Mulberry Hill Rehab Hospital (1986)”
text: Rebecca stares at the photo again with renewed tension. As if
text: the figure under that crooked tree could come to life.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Rebecca stands at the curb, still clutching the photo.
text: Bret pulls up in his SUV and gets out. Approaches her.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Got your message. You wanna tell me
dialog: what this is about?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I need a ride. To a hospital.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Yeah. Come on--
text: She goes for the passenger door, but it’s locked.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s just go. I’1l tell you about
text: it in the car.
text: Bret isn’t caving. He crosses his arms at her.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Don’t you think we should finish
dialog: talking about last night? You know,
dialog: when you kicked me out for trying
dialog: to be honest with you?
text: Rebecca takes a moment to remember. It’s readable on her
dialog: face, “Oh, right.”
dialog: Bret’s a bit surprised. She doesn’t remember?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That. Yeah. Hey.
text: She steps up to him. Looks him in the eyes. And kisses him on
dialog: the mouth.
text: She pulls back. Takes a breath.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: You were right. I was using Martin
dialog: to get back at mom. I’m sorry.
text: Bret’s a little loopy from the kiss. But he recovers.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Well, you should apologize to
dialog: Martin, really. I mean, uh-- not
dialog: like you did with me, but...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I need to do a lot of things.
dialog: Starting with a visit to Mulberry
dialog: Hill mental hospital.
text: Bret heads back around to the driver's side--
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Diana was a patient there.
dialog: (still amazed)
dialog: The bitch is real!
text: They both get in the car.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Who's Diana?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Let’s find out.
scene_heading: EXT. QUIET STREET - DAY
text: Bret’s SUV pulls up to the curb. Bret and Rebecca get out.
text: They both stare at something 0.S., disturbed.
text: Rebecca looks at the photo in her hands, then back up.
text: ARM AROUND TO REVEAL:
text: The mental hospital building, set back from the street on a
text: wide, once-green lawn.
dialog: 44.
dialog: It’s the same structure, for sure. Some different paint here
text: and there, stripped landscaping, in need of a pressure wash.
dialog: Oh, and the SIGN out front:
text: “MULBERRY HILL APARTMENTS”
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Well. This is awkward.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, what now?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Someone’s gotta know.
text: She heads for the front doors.
text: Bret reluctantly follows.
scene_heading: INT. MANAGER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The PHOTO is examined in a man’s meaty hand.
text: This is the apartment manager, LOUIS. He scratches his chin.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: This place hasn’t been a medical
dialog: center for over ten years. Looks
dialog: like this was taken back in the
dialog: nineties.
text: Rebecca takes the photo back.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What happened to it?
text: Louis shrugs.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Got shut down. Bankruptcy.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: What happened to all the patients?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: They lived happily ever after. How
dialog: do I know? I just manage the place.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You don’t have any forwarding info?
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: If I did, it’d be at least ten
text: years old by now.
text: Louis goes back to his fast food meal at his desk, talking
text: while he eats.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (CONT'D)
dialog: They got evicted. State law is
dialog: three day’s notice. They left a lot
dialog: of junk behind for the owners to
dialog: clean up, tenants do that shit all
dialog: the time.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What happened to that stuff?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: Auctioned or thrown out.
dialog: (slurps soda)
dialog: All except for the patient files.
text: Rebecca and Bret are on their way out the door when he says
text: that last line. They stop.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: They left patient files?
scene_heading: INT. MULBERRY HILL APARTMENTS HALLWAY - DAY
text: Stained carpet. Flickering piss-yellow bulbs. This place
text: would feel right at home in Fincher’s SE7EN.
text: Louis leads them down the hall, keychain jangling.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I keep telling the owners to just
dialog: burn this stuff, but everyone's
dialog: afraid of lawsuits these days, so
dialog: they have me keep it in 157.
text: He goes to a door that’s been damaged recently. “157.”
text: A fresh deadbolt LOCK has been installed. Rebecca notices.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That looks new.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We get break-ins around here.
dialog: Welcome to the neighborhood.
dialog: ‘Course, I don’t know what’s worth
dialog: stealing in here, or who'd care.
dialog: 46.
text: He opens the door and turns on the light.
scene_heading: INT. UNIT 157
text: Metal shelves and an old gurney serve as storage spaces for
text: ROWS OF BOXES, some with lids, others open to the elements.
text: It’s an auditor’s nightmare. And it smells of mildew.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: If someone’s files are in here,
dialog: odds are the world stopped caring
dialog: about ‘em long ago.
text: Rebecca steps in and starts looking around.
text: At the door, Bret stops Louis.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: You turned a creepy hospital into
dialog: low-income housing? Seriously?
text: Louis looks at Bret as if Bret still believes in Santa.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: It’s a building.
dialog: (as he leaves)
dialog: Tell her she can look but she can’t
dialog: take anything home with her.
text: Bret steps in to find Rebecca in the middle of the room.
text: Surrounded by files.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: You hear that?
text: Rebecca nods, but her mind is elsewhere.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Someone should've told my mom that.
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY
text: A school bus pulls away from the curb as Martin walks to the
text: front door of the house.
text: The heavy curtains are still drawn.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Martin lets himself in. The house is quiet. The TV muted.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom? I’m home...
text: Martin crosses to the bedroom hallway, turning lights on as
dialog: he goes.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM HALL
text: From the home office, Sophie emerges, holding a small hammer.
text: She approaches, happy to see him.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Welcome home. How was school?
text: Martin regards her cautiously.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
text: Just fixing up around the house.
dialog: How did it go at your sister's?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Fine. Did you take your vitamins?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Well, I am feeling better. Listen,
dialog: I've been a little... distant
dialog: lately. And I want to fix that. How
dialog: about pizza and a movie tonight?
text: Martin brightens. Is old mom coming back?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes, please.
text: Sophie smiles, relieved.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Good. Some personal time is just
dialog: what we need. Just the three of us.
text: She moves past Martin for the stairs...
dialog: 48.
text: And at the other end of the hall, a SHADOW extends from the
text: home office at the doorway. Someone standing just inside the
text: room, out of view. DIANA.
text: Martin’s body seizes with tension. He keeps his eyes on that
text: silhouette, but reaches over for a wall switch...
text: And turns on the hall light.
text: Diana is gone the instant the light comes on. An apparition.
text: Martin takes a tense breath.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (V.O.)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How about just you and me tonight?
text: Sophie appears at the mouth of the hall. She and Martin make
text: eye contact. She smiles politely.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: We'll see.
dialog: (then)
dialog: She isn’t that bad, you know.
scene_heading: INT. UNIT 157 - DAY
text: Rebecca and Bret dig through files. They’ve been at it for a
text: while. The place is messier, boxes opened, papers scattered.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: This is useless. All I got are
dialog: patient numbers. No names.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: How does this photo of someone
dialog: named Diana have anything to do
dialog: with your family?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Because my mother went here, when
dialog: she was about my age.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Well then, here’s a thought: Why
dialog: don’t you call her and ask?
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I can’t. Not about this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mom's always been a little... off.
dialog: It’s just brain chemistry, not her
dialog: fault. But after Dad left, she
dialog: started talking to herself. Just
text: whispers. Then, it became a full
dialog: character. She called her Diana.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: And you think she’s based on
dialog: another patient here.
text: Rebecca puts her hands on her face, weary from the digging
dialog: around in other people's crazy.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I was really hoping.
text: Bret opens another box. Does a double take.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Whoa. Mother lode.
text: He pulls up a shoebox full of MICRO-CASSETTE TAPES. Plucks
text: one from the pile.
speaker_heading: BRET (CONT’D)
dialog: They're so tiny! I didn’t even know
dialog: this was a thing.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You didn’t know about micro-
dialog: cassette recorders?
text: Bret discovers a MCR/Player inside as well. Fascinated.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: I think I have batteries for this
dialog: in my truck.
text: He gets up and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: We can’t take the stuff out of
dialog: here. So.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: ...Okay.
dialog: 50.
text: Bret steps out. Immediately Rebecca feels uneasy. She starts
text: digging in the same box Bret was searching.
text: She pulls out a slim POWER CORD. Tries one end on the jack
dialog: for the MCR/Player--
dialog: It fits.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Bret! Wait-- I found a cord!
text: No answer. He’s already gone.
text: Rebecca stares at the cassettes a beat.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS:
text: - She plugs the cord into a power outlet.
text: - She snaps a cassette into the tiny recorder.
text: - MACRO SHOT of the cassette heads spinning.
text: - VOICES drone on from the player.
text: - Rebecca EJECTS a tape, slaps in another.
text: - The whole process is repeated. She’s searching...
text: LATER: WHITE NOISE hisses like steady rain. The volume is
text: cranked on the little speaker.
text: Rebecca lets it play as she digs through file boxes.
text: A pile of opened cassette cases lies next to the player.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE
dialog: Patient two-eighty-three, admitted
dialog: October 3, 1984. Removed from the
text: basement of her father’s home. She
dialog: has a peculiar skin condition,
dialog: worse than albinism. Never seen
dialog: anything like it before. We’ve been
dialog: testing her with--
dialog: (knocking)
dialog: Bring her in. Shut off the-- okay.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hello, Diana.
text: Rebecca stops her search. Looks at the recorder now.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: ..-Keep the lights out.
text: Her voice is meek; ethereal. A little raspy.
text: Rebecca stops the tape. Rewinds. Replays.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE
dialog: Patient two-eighty-three, admitted--
dialog: 51.
text: Paused again. Rebecca goes to another shelf.
dialog: Every file box here is numbered. In the 200s. Rebecca’s
text: finger drifts past box after box... 281, 282--
text: Boom. Box 283. Rebecca pulls it.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca digs through the box, sitting near the recorder.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Diana.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: Keep the lights out.
text: Rebecca stares at the recorder now. She knows this voice.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE
dialog: How long have you had this
dialog: condition? Diana?
text: The player hisses white noise. No answer.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Did your father have it too? Or
dialog: your mother?
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: They aren’t my real parents.
text: A pause. Rebecca leans closer.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE
text: Another patient in the heliotherapy
dialog: ward says you visit her at night.
text: The word rings a bell, and Rebecca thumbs through files until
text: she finds a folder with the same tab: “HELIOTHERAPY.”
text: In the folder, Rebecca finds PHOTOS of patients standing in
text: front of light boxes. Others in rooms with UV-lit walls.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: She is my friend.
dialog: Annotations of disorders treated this way: Bipolar. Sleep
dialog: phase disorder. Nervous breakdown.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE
dialog: Then why did you hurt her? Her arm
text: is broken in three places.
dialog: 52.
text: An ARTICLE slips out of the folder, on aged newsprint:
dialog: New ‘light therapy’ claims life of patient Diana Walter
text: REBECCA’S EYES frantically skim the words on the piece --
dialog: “skin condition” -- “perhaps spontaneous combustion” --
text: “left nothing but a shadow on the wall”
dialog: And the date: 1987.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: (small)
dialog: She was getting better. When she
text: gets better she goes away. Leaves.
text: A shadow SLIDES OVER HER in a vague humanoid form, as if
text: something were rising behind Rebecca in the small room--
text: Rebecca whirls around, on edge--
text: WIDE ANGLE: Nothing is there. She’s alone.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: So I made her stay.
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DUSK
text: The sun sets, with a sliver of a crescent moon higher in the
text: sky, among brooding clouds.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - DUSK
text: The lights are on. But the curtains are drawn.
text: Sophie and Martin share the couch with a bowl of popcorn
text: between them, watching TV. Sophie wears a hat now, shielding
text: her eyes from the overhead light.
text: Martin steals a glance at his mother. Noting the hat.
text: Sophie gives him a sidelong glance in return. Then smiles.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: How are you doing over there?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (then)
dialog: How are you?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I’m gonna be fine. I am.
dialog: They watch TV some more. Then:
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I miss your father. He was strong
dialog: for me. He protected me. I think I
dialog: need to feel that, sometimes. And I
dialog: know you need that, too.
text: Martin’s expression suggests he clearly does. Yet:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m okay.
dialog: (then)
text: Rebecca is strong.
text: Sophie makes a sarcastic noise through her teeth.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
text: She tries to look the part, all
dialog: that makeup and loud music. But
dialog: when it got tough she abandoned me.
dialog: Don’t let her do the same to you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sometimes, the strongest thing to
dialog: do, is to face your fears. That's
dialog: what Emma told me.
text: Beat. Sophie looks at Martin with newfound respect. Smiles.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: You know what, you’re right.
dialog: (gets up)
dialog: Be right back.
text: Sophie crosses, leaving Martin on the couch.
text: Martin grabs the remote and PAUSES the TV.
text: The lights go OUT.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom!
text: Sophie is back in a breath, before Martin can stand up--
text: She puts her hands on his shoulders. Firmly.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: It’s okay. It’s all right.
dialog: 54.
dialog: Martin goes from zero to sheer panic:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What are you doing--
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Look at me. Trust me.
text: With her position between Martin and the TV, Sophie casts a
text: LONG, INK-DARK SHADOW over him that extends to the edge of
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom, let go--
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: A long time ago, I was friends with
dialog: Diana. She was different. Special.
text: From that shadow, SOMETHING MOVES.
text: Sophie talks in a crazed reverence, one part nostalgia, one
dialog: part Stockholm Syndrome.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: After I left the hospital, I
dialog: thought something... tragic
dialog: happened to Diana. But the
dialog: newspapers got it wrong, she was
dialog: still here, and she finally visited
dialog: me when I had a clear head again.
text: Martin tries to look back, not sure if he wants to--
text: As the shadow EXTENDS, as if moving on its own--
text: No, not extending... GETTING CLOSER.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom please no, please please--
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Took me another ten years to
dialog: realize why she left. It was the
dialog: i It blocked her out, left
dialog: her all alone. And you know what?
text: She's tired of being alone.
dialog: 
text: Martin struggles, but Sophie remains firm.
text: DIANA’S SHADOW now looms over him... A clawed HAND touching
dialog: his hair...
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I have been a terrible friend to
dialog: her, but now she’s going to stay.
dialog: Long as I keep my head clear... and
dialog: you keep the lights out.
text: MARTIN'S HAND digs into the seat cushion, searching--
text: Just as JET BLACK HAIR descends by Martin's face, like the
text: shadow is starting to LEAN OVER AT HIM--
text: MARTIN'S HAND finds its target and lifts out a small,
dialog: aluminum FLASHLIGHT--
text: Which he flicks on straight up, under-lighting his face--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No!
text: Something SHRIEKS.
text: SOPHIE IS THROWN BACK, spilling over the coffee table.
text: Martin stands on the couch, holding the flashlight over him
text: like a spot in a darkened theater.
text: His heart is racing like a marathon runner. Eyes wide.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S POV:
text: Whipping around the room, in search of Diana.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Martin, what did you do?!
text: Martin races to the wall switch and turns on the lights.
text: Sophie blinks at the sudden light. Like an alcoholic stepping
text: out from a dive bar in the morning.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t make this harder than it has
dialog: to be, please --
text: But Martin is too terrified to talk to her now. He runs to
text: the front door, swings it open, and flees outside.
scene_heading: INT. BRET’S SUV - NIGHT
text: Bret drives. Rebecca rides shotgun. She places earbuds in her
text: ears. The thin cord snakes down to the microcassette player.
text: Bret glances over at her. Does a double take.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: The dude said not to take anything.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Like he’s gonna know what’s
dialog: missing.
text: Rebecca presses ‘play’ and stares out her window, listening
text: to one of the tapes.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Is that another session with Diana?
text: Rebecca doesn’t look back at Bret. She watches the city
text: lights drift by her window, thumb on the player.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No... This one is my mother.
text: She turns up the volume and starts to tune out the rest of
dialog: the world.
text: SLOW PUSH as she listens to the tape. We don’t hear the
text: recording, beyond the dull mono-channel pitch of that
text: doctor’s VOICE in her ears...
text: CLOSING IN on Rebecca, closing her eyes...
text: THE SCORE builds as the sound of that doctor’s voice gets a
dialog: little clearer... Can start to make out some of it --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Sophie, you need to be careful
dialog: around Diana. She isn’t your
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SOPHIE (V.O.)
dialog: Yes she is. She may be my only
dialog: friend in here.
text: TIGHTER ON REBECCA as we can make out --
speaker_heading: YOUNG SOPHIE (V.O.)
dialog: That’s all she wants --
text: When Bret’s HAND enters frame, touching Rebecca:
speaker_heading: BRET (0.S.)
dialog: Hey --
scene_heading: INT. BRET’S SUV - NIGHT
text: Rebecca snaps open her eyes -- Bret is nudging her.
dialog: 57.
text: She stops the player and pulls out the earbuds.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: You have a visitor.
text: He nods at something on her side of the road.
text: They've parked out front of her apartment building.
text: And MARTIN is standing on her front stoop. A nervous wreck.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Oh, no...
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Bret searches the fridge, closes the door in defeat.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: You need to go shopping, girl.
text: Rebecca and Martin are seated at her little dining table.
text: Martin has hold of Rebecca’s hand.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Can you run down to the little mart
dialog: on the corner?
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Yeah. I‘ll get some snacks, maybe a
dialog: couple sodas --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No caffeine.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Copy that.
text: As Bret breezes by, he pats Martin on the shoulder. A moment
text: later, he’s out the door...
text: Leaving Martin with his sister.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You wanna talk about it now?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I know you don’t believe me, but
dialog: Diana is real. She touched my hair.
dialog: Rebecca
speaker_heading: MOMENTS
dialog: Rebecca
dialog: between
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Hey, hey. Look at me.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I believe you. She’s real. I don’t
dialog: know how or why...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She doesn’t like the light.
text: lets out a long breath. Nods. Then stands up --
speaker_heading: LATER
text: places printouts of web resources on the table
text: her and Martin. Wikipedia. WebMD.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Here’s what I know: In 1986, mom
dialog: hit a low point with her depression
dialog: and was admitted to a hospital for
dialog: treatment. Her kind of depression
text: is best fought with heliotherapy.
dialog: (off the boy’s look)
dialog: That’s using sunlight, or a special
dialog: kind of artificial light, exposure
text: to it for long stretches.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’ve only seen her take pills.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That works, too. So, when she was
dialog: in the hospital, she made friends
dialog: with another patient -- an extreme
dialog: case. Her name was Diana.
text: This gets Martin’s full attention.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She’s like Mom?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No. Mom got better and was
dialog: released, but Diana reacted to the
dialog: treatment so badly she died.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So, if Diana is dead, I mean... How
dialog: can she be doing this to us?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Every time our mom falls off the
text: wagon and lets depression back in,
text: Diana shows up. Like a schism, or,
dialog: I don’t know...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How did you get rid of Diana the
dialog: first time?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I didn’t. Mom took a spill down the
dialog: stairs one night, spent a month in
dialog: the hospital where they put her
dialog: back on her meds, and--
dialog: (ding ding ding)
dialog: That’s what we do. We get her back
text: on the wagon, Diana will go away.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Diana wants to stay. She won’t like
dialog: you trying to make mom better.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That's what my dad was doing.
text: At that moment, a KNOCKING from the front door. Insistent.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That’s Bret, hang on.
text: Rebecca goes to her door, opens it --
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: I left it unlocked, silly --
text: But no one’s there. Rebecca looks left, right -- nothing.
text: An even LOUDER KNOCKING happens from the coat closet, causing
dialog: Rebecca to jump.
text: She shuts the front door and cautiously approaches the coat
text: closet. Reaches for the door knob.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Bret...?
scene_heading: FROM THE LIVING ROOM
text: Martin watches; starts to tense up. He retreats a couple of
text: steps, for Rebecca’s bedroom.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
text: Gets close to the door... she can hear something on the other
text: side. A raspy breath. Sub-vocal muttering.
text: Flicks on the light beside the coat closet door.
text: The yellow light seeps through the door’s cracks.
text: And in that moment, all the noises inside STOP.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Martin turns on the light and backs from the bedroom door.
text: All is quiet, then -- the bedroom closet door BANGS from
text: someone KNOCKING on it inside.
text: Martin freaks out.
text: CLOSING IN ON THE DOOR --
text: Hearing that muttering now but more pronounced:
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: Never-going-away-never-going-away
dialog: never-going-away-never-going-away--
text: Rebecca rushes in, flips on the bedroom closet light, and
text: swings open the door and --
text: No one’s there. It’s empty.
text: Rebecca and Martin stare at the clothes on hangars, swaying
text: as if someone had just brushed past...
text: Pre-lap the sound of a DOORBELL --
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Sophie opens the door and peers out at:
text: Rebecca, Martin, and Bret.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Mom... We need to talk.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Sophie, Martin, Rebecca, and Bret all sit at the dining
text: table. You could hear a pin drop.
dialog: 61.
text: The awkward silence lasts a long beat as everyone keeps
text: glancing around at everyone else. It’s the Cold War.
text: Rebecca finally speaks up.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Mom... Tell us about Diana.
text: Sophie puts down her glass of water. Suspicious.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Martin and Rebecca glance at each other: What's she doing?
text: Bret takes a bite from a corner-store snack. Trying to figure
dialog: out how to be supportive at a time like this.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Your “friend” Diana? Martin says
dialog: she was just here an hour ago?
text: Sophie looks from Martin to Rebecca with a guarded
text: expression. Holds up her hand to shield her eyes from the
text: dining room lights. Her looks even paler, now.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Yes, she’s my friend... And she
dialog: wants to be yours, too.
text: Rebecca puts the PHOTO onto the table. The one she took from
text: Sophie’s office.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: This the same Diana you’re friends
dialog: with now? Yes?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Where did you get this?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Answer my question--
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Answer mine!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You met her at Mulberry Hill when
dialog: you got put in for depression,
dialog: right? Am I right?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: What does it matter when we met?
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Because she died a year later!
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: That's a lie. Listen to yourself--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That’s the truth--
text: Sophie stands up, her chair SCREECHING on the floor. In full
text: “defensive peacock” mode.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: What is this about? You trying to
dialog: take my son away again, is that it?
dialog: With your made-up stories--
dialog: Bret attempts to intervene--
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Whoa whoa, let’s all be cool--
text: But now voices are overlapping, everyone trying to get in--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I found the obituary! All right?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Like those can’t be faked, listen
dialog: to yourself, you sound crazy--
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: This whole thing’s a little crazy--
text: Rebecca looks down at the table, aware it’s come to this:
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: There’s a dead woman in this house.
text: Everyone hears her. And it quiets the whole room. Rebecca
text: looks up at her mother, accusing--
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: And you let her in, mom. You let
dialog: her stay. Every time.
text: Beat. The tension: through the roof. Everyone staring at each
dialog: other like it’s a Mexican standoff. Then...
text: Sophie chuckles. A small laugh.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: I am so sorry. All this time I was
dialog: worried about the wrong thing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (a breath)
dialog: You’re not here to take Martin. You
dialog: aren’t coming back into our lives.
dialog: You're here to feel better about
dialog: leaving me. Do you know how I felt,
dialog: not hearing from you or seeing you
dialog: like family should? You know how
dialog: that hurt me? Well, turns out I’ve
dialog: been shutting out Diana the same
dialog: way, all this time, and I won't be
dialog: that kind of person to a friend.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Mom. She’s not a friend. She's
dialog: dead.
text: Sophie leans in. Looks right at her.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Sweetie... Ghosts aren’t real.
text: Sophie turns and walks out, up the stairs.
text: Martin stares at the pills on the table. Scared.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Then what is she?
text: From the back of the house, they all hear Sophie’s bedroom
text: door slamming SHUT.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Rebecca, Bret and Martin clean dishes and toss trash.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You can sleep over at my place
dialog: again tonight. I’1l talk to CPS
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What do you mean ‘no’?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I know you've been gone a long
dialog: time, but she’s our mom. And she
dialog: needs us now, more than ever.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I’m not here for her, I’m here for
dialog: you. That’s the priority.
text: Beat. Martin takes a dish and moves it to the drying rack,
text: turning his back on Rebecca. This little boy has grown up
text: heartbreakingly fast.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I can’t just leave her.
text: Rebecca notices.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: It isn’t safe here.
text: Martin turns around to face her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It isn’t safe anywhere.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: All right. Here’s what we’ll do.
dialog: Bret and I will stay over tonight.
dialog: Tomorrow, I’1l find some more
dialog: history on Diana and show it to
dialog: Emma. Make the case that this is a
dialog: serious threat. Maybe we can get
dialog: mom some real help that way. Okay?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The place looks like someone has been a shut-in for a month.
text: Messy. Those boxes of Paul’s clothes and other sundries are
text: still stacked. A few other eye sores.
text: Rebecca surveys the room, arms akimbo. Bret and Martin stand
text: at her side.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: How long does she stay in her room
dialog: at night?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom? She won’t usually come out
dialog: again until morning.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Okay. First priority, make this
text: more of a home.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: The trio clean the room.
text: - Rebecca pulls the heavy curtains back and ties them.
text: - Martin wipes down surfaces.
text: - Bret carries boxes to the garage.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (V.O.)
dialog: Next, we put in some safeguards.
text: - Rebecca duct-tapes a light panel in the “on” position.
text: - Martin tests a flashlight and sets it on an end table.
text: - Bret places a heavy piece of furniture up against a power
text: cord plugged into an outlet.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (V.O.)
dialog: The important thing is to just be
dialog: smart about it.
text: - Rebecca sets an extra box of LIGHT BULBS on a counter.
text: - Martin places another flashlight in a hallway potted plant.
text: Like it’s a handgun or a piece of contraband.
text: - Bret sets his cigarette lighter next to a large candle.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Martin climbs into bed. Rebecca watches from the door.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Bret and I will be downstairs on
dialog: the sleeper sofa. Okay?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Door open or closed?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Closed.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Wait--
text: Rebecca pauses.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Could you sleep in here instead?
dialog: Beat. Rebecca was obviously looking forward to
dialog: her boyfriend.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca walks past the door to the home office
text: She checks the door out of curiosity. Locked.
text: Rebecca frowns. Moves on.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bret fluffs an old pillow on the fold-out sofa
text: do with blankets from the downstairs closet.
text: Rebecca arrives and admires Bret for a moment.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You don’t have to stay, you know.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Martin wants me to sleep in his
dialog: room tonight.
text: Bret takes a breath. Nods.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Yeah. He needs you more than I do
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You still staying?
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Unless you say otherwise. Yeah.
dialog: Although it’s gonna be weird trying
dialog: to sleep with all the lights on--
text: Rebecca pulls him into a hug.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Thank you.
text: Bret is a bit surprised by her intimacy.
dialog: 66.
dialog: being close to
dialog: -- shut.
dialog: bed. He’s made
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: You can be like this around me, you
dialog: know. I’m not going anywhere.
text: Rebecca looks at him curiously. Like she’s weighing a
dialog: decision. Then:
speaker_heading: REBECCA
text: Bottom drawer of my dresser.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: ...What?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: It’s yours. I'll clear it out for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Seriously?
text: She smiles and heads back up.
text: Bret waits until she’s out of sight, then does a silent
text: “touchdown celebration” move.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Rebecca returns to Martin’s room, but then continues to the
text: end of the hall, to the master bedroom door. Sophie’s door.
text: It’s shut.
text: Rebecca gets close. Listens. Knocks.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Mom? We're staying overnight.
dialog: (beat; silence)
dialog: See you in the morning.
dialog: (another beat)
dialog: Love you.
text: Rebecca pulls away.
text: The door opens a crack.
text: Sophie peers out at her daughter. Her eyes are bloodshot and
text: her face is wet from crying.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: You're staying?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Yeah.
text: Sophie nods, relieved.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Good.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'd like to maybe start over, in
dialog: the morning. Would... would you
dialog: grant me that?
text: Beat. Rebecca is cautious. But hopeful.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Shake on it.
text: She opens the door further to reach out her hand.
text: The interior of the bedroom is PITCH DARK.
text: Rebecca shakes hands with her mother.
dialog: 68.
text: As she does, she frowns; something is amiss, but we don’t yet
dialog: know what she’s reacting to.
text: They pull away.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Goodnight, mom.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Goodnight, Becks.
text: The pajama top Sophie wears starts to PULL as if someone were
text: tugging it from behind, coaxing her back in.
text: Rebecca doesn’t see it. She’s distracted...
text: As she gets to Martin’s bedroom, she looks down.
text: IN HER HAND is a slip of paper, handed to her by Sophie.
text: She unfolds it to read: “I NEED HELP.”
text: Written hastily.
text: Rebecca looks back down the hall. Worried.
dialog: Because she’s starting to think of mom not as an opponent,
dialog: but as a victim.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca turns on the light and immediately goes to the
text: medicine cabinet. Flings it open, digs around the shelves,
text: checking bottles, getting more and more frustrated--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: C'mon, c’mon...
text: Finally she exhausts the selection of OTC and prescription
text: bottles in the cabinet and looks around the bathroom in
dialog: desperation.
text: Her attention is drawn to the small trash bin, by the toilet.
text: Rebecca reaches in and pulls out a narrow pill bottle. Empty.
text: She reads the prescription on the side, and--
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Shit...
text: The bottle is missing its white lid.
text: Overhead, the bathroom light begins to FLICKER and BUZZ.
text: Rebecca keeps the pill bottle and backs out of the room,
text: suddenly nervous, as if she were being watched.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rebecca joins Martin under the covers. Puts a hand on
text: Martin’s shoulder so he knows she’s there.
text: The bedside lamp is on, plus two large candles on the
text: nightstands on either side of the bed.
text: She closes her eyes.
text: Martin is still awake.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Rebecca?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did you find her vitamins?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No. But we’ll figure something out.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You think so?
text: Rebecca opens her eyes. Stares at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Heliotherapy works, too. We’ll get
dialog: her out in the sun tomorrow. Go to
dialog: the beach, maybe.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That sounds nice...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (softer)
dialog: Get some sleep.
text: He closes his eyes, but she lingers on that last question.
text: PRESSING IN on Rebecca, as she drifts to sleep...
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Only a night-light on the far wall sheds light in the room
text: now. And the decor is different; girly. Dolls and pink.
text: In the bed is YOUNG REBECCA, maybe eight years old, huddled
text: under the covers. She’s been crying. She stares at:
text: A PHOTO of her father VICTOR standing with her, holding a
text: pair of fishing rods. Father and daughter out playing.
text: CLOSE ON REBECCA, breaking out of her memory when she hears
text: the CLICKING OF TOENAILS on the hardwood floor.
text: She holds her breath. Terrified.
text: The mattress sinks under the weight of something new.
text: PUSHING IN CLOSER on Rebecca’s face, as...
text: Black HAIR descends near Rebecca’s ear -- that’s all we see
dialog: of Diana, but then:
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: Be my friend...
text: It’s a gravelly version of the voice we heard on the micro-
text: cassette recording.
text: Young Rebecca is too scared to scream. As if in a nightmare.
dialog: 71.
text: And with that, Diana starts to CRAWL INTO BED WITH REBECCA,
text: pulling the covers on the far side of the bed.
text: Rebecca closes her eyes even tighter than before and opens
dialog: her mouth to scream --
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: And Rebecca wakes with a start. Sits up.
text: It was just a nightmare. Or a memory. Before it was Martin’s
text: room it was hers, and she’s back again.
text: Martin sleeps soundly next to her. Rebecca calms down.
text: Somewhere in the bowels of the house -- a distant CLAP.
text: And immediately after, the power goes out.
text: Only the two candles burn in Martin’s room.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Shit...
text: Rebecca grabs a commercial-grade flashlight from her side of
text: the bed, clicks it on, and slips out.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca descends the stairs and enters the room, saying in a
dialog: stage-whisper:
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Bret! Wake up--
text: She sweeps the light over the sofa-bed...
text: Bret isn’t there.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Shit. Shit shit shit.
text: She moves for the downstairs hallway.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: From the utter darkness, a door opens and Rebecca stands in
text: silhouette at the threshold.
dialog: 72.
text: She shines the beam downstairs.
text: The steps are more like a ladder; steep.
text: More boxes on the floor and on metal shelving down here. Old
dialog: furniture. Seasonal junk for the lawn...
text: And, on a load-bearing post: the house’s CIRCUIT BREAKER BOX.
text: Rebecca descends the precarious steps.
text: She advances for the box.
text: As she does, shadows seem to bounce around the room. It makes
text: her paranoid. She keeps glancing behind her.
text: At the box, she pries open the lid and shines the light at
text: the breaker switches.
text: They all seem to be in the proper position.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: C'mon, c’mon...
text: She begins flipping switches back and forth.
text: She glances back at the door for signs of power--
text: And a SILHOUETTE now stands in the threshold.
text: Rebecca nearly screams, but recovers quickly enough to swing
dialog: the flashlight beam at it--
text: Revealing it’s MARTIN with a candle in the hall.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: The power went out. I’m trying to
dialog: restart it--
text: Martin sets the candle on the top step in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Keep the light on me--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Martin descends and hurries to her side.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don’t leave me alone again.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (terse)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (softens )
dialog: All right.
text: She returns to the circuit breaker switches.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing is working.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What else could it be?
text: Rebecca thinks. Something sinister occurs to her...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: ...A trap.
text: The soft sound of a short, quick breath comes from upstairs--—
text: And Martin’s CANDLE SNUFFS OUT.
dialog: Rebecca looks up that way--
text: DIANA’S SILHOUETTE stands at the basement door.
text: Rebecca grabs the flashlight and wheels it around but--
text: The door SLAMS shut and locks from the other side.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: No-- NO.
text: She hurries up the steps.
text: Martin begins to fall into darkness, since she’s taking the
dialog: flashlight with her--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Wait up--
text: He hurries to keep up with her.
text: The two reach the top step and try the door. No go.
text: Rebecca shoulders against it. Won't budge. Partly because she
dialog: has to be on the steps, and can’t get much leverage or room
dialog: to charge the door.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Come on!
dialog: (bangs on door)
scene_heading: HEY. SOMEONE! OPEN UP!
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Bret stands on the front lawn with his own flashlight,
text: looking down the street.
text: The whole block is out. Bret curses under his breath.
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bret enters from the front door and immediately hears dull
text: THUMPING from down the hall. He stops in his tracks.
text: He then hears Rebecca’s muted CRIES--
text: And he kicks back into gear again.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Becca?
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bret advances for the hall, shining his light down ahead of
text: him rather carelessly.
text: He sees the basement door (built much like a door to a
text: garage) rattling in its frame as Rebecca pounds on it from
text: the other side.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Becca is that you?
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: Bret! Get us out!
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: What are-- okay hang on--
text: Bret reaches for the doorknob to try it--
text: But then something distracts him down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT
text: Rebecca and Martin get quiet.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Bret?
speaker_heading: BRET (0.S.)
dialog: Hang on.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mrs. Wells?
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL
text: Bret squints down the hall at:
text: DIANA’S SILHOUETTE. Statuesque. That same wild, ratty hair.
text: As tall as he is.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: What’s going on here?
text: He points his flashlight down the hall--
text: And like a mirage, Diana VANISHES soon as the beam hits the
dialog: space where we saw her.
text: Bret frowns.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: (muted)
dialog: Bret! Listen to me! Keep in the
dialog: light!
text: Bret lowers the beam...
text: And Diana’s shadow IS CLOSER. Halfway to him now.
text: Bret jumps out of his skin, and pulls the flashlight back to
dialog: shine down the hall--
text: And she’s gone again.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t have just one-- she’ll get
dialog: around you!
text: Panicked, Bret swings around, checking behind him, toward the
dialog: front of the house--
dialog: No one there.
dialog: He swings back--
text: The hall is empty.
text: He holds the flashlight up high--
dialog: 76.
text: Swings down hard on the knob. CLANNNG.
text: He holds it up again--
text: And something GRABS HIS ARM, yanking him out of frame--
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM
text: --hurtling him to the floor of the living room as if he were
text: a child’s toy.
text: THE FLASHLIGHT lands on the hallway floor, its light
text: guttering like a candle about to be snuffed. The flashes give
text: the hallway a “strobe” effect.
text: Bret has wrenched his shoulder but he starts to get up--
text: And then he sees her.
text: The SILHOUETTE advances for him in fits of speed, backlit by
text: the sputtering flashlight in the hall--
text: Bret scrambles and pulls up his CELL PHONE pointing the
text: screen out and shining it in front of him, like a talisman.
text: Diana is gone again.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Bret!
text: Bret is hyperventilating as he stands. Scared out of his
text: mind. It doesn’t make sense to him.
text: The phone’s paltry ambient screen-light barely illuminates
text: four feet in front of him. And it’s the passcode screen.
text: Bret hears footfall on the floor--
dialog: To his left--
text: But he can’t see that far into the living room.
dialog: Then to his right--
dialog: Still nothing.
text: Then he hears it: raspy BREATHING. Like it’s right there.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: (distant)
dialog: Bret! Come here!
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: (imitating Rebecca)
dialog: Come here.
text: The passcode screen goes dark again--
text: AND DIANA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIM. Even this close, she
dialog: appears almost two-dimensional until--
text: Bret is struck across the face--
text: And he stumbles backward over an end table, spilling near the
text: front foyer.
text: The PHONE lands on the floor, face down. A tiny halo of
text: refreshed light from the screen.
text: Some dark foot SMASHES IT, and the light goes out.
text: Bret gets up again, bleeding from the face, and he runs as
text: fast as he fucking can for the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE
text: Out the front he goes, flinging the door behind him--
text: And stumbling on the porch step.
text: No-- worse. Like something had hold of one leg.
text: It’s outside. It should feel safe. But the blackout is along
dialog: the entire block, and the new moon makes this world anything
text: but safe and well-lit.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BRET
text: His lip is bloody from hitting it when he fell. More blood
text: flows from gashes on his face and neck.
text: He fumbles for his car keys. Gets up once more.
text: The KEY FOB is in his hand now but--
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: From across the street.
text: A dark FIGURE, so dark it’s as if it were made of nothing,
text: grabs Bret by the neck and LIFTS HIM OFF HIS FEET with one
text: arm. He struggles, legs flailing, arm raised--
text: And then he presses the ‘unlock’ button on the key fob--
dialog: 78.
text: And his SUV’s headlights suddenly SHINE on the front of the
dialog: house and in that very same breath--
text: Bret seems suspended in midair by nothing, and promptly falls
text: back to the front lawn.
dialog: BACK TO BRET
text: Gasping for air. Terrified and confused.
text: He’s in fight-or-flight and flight has won. Bret rushes for
text: his SUV, climbs in, mashes the dome light, and starts it up.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - THAT MOMENT
text: Rebecca and Martin are still huddled by the door. Straining
dialog: to listen.
text: They hear the SUV engine start.
text: And then the sound of the vehicle peeling out and away.
text: Rebecca's heart sinks.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Is he leaving?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No. He wouldn’t... He wouldn’t do
dialog: that, would he?
text: The reality sets in: They’re alone in the basement. With a
text: monster in the house.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You did.
dialog: He’s eight years old, he doesn’t say it to be mean, he says
text: it matter-of-factly; it makes sense to him.
dialog: Rebecca’s been strong up until now, but the significance of
text: that hits her so hard, she struggles not to cry.
text: The commercial-grade flashlight flickers. Once. Twice.
text: Both of them tense up.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Oh no, do not die on me--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I forgot to tell you, the big ones
dialog: are battery hogs.
dialog: 79.
text: She snaps out of her heartbreak, takes a breath for courage,
text: and gets back into problem-solving mode.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Let’s make some other light.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Sophie opens her door, emerging from the master bedroom and
text: the white noise of an air purifier.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Rebecca? Hello?
text: Sophie sees Martin’s door open. Steps to the threshold...
text: No one’s there. Sophie tries the light switch-- nothing.
text: She tenses.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Martin?
text: Distant noises from deep within the house, below: The sounds
text: of Rebecca and Martin scavenging in the basement.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Diana, where are you?
text: A creak from the bedroom, and Sophie sees her-- the familiar
text: SILHOUETTE standing inside the master bedroom door.
text: She's taller than ever, now. Like she’s getting bigger.
text: Sophie is scared, but finds her anger and approaches,
dialog: challenging the shadow:
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you not to bother my kids.
text: Diana steps aside as Sophie gets close, vanishing behind the
text: door so that when Sophie enters, she shuts the door to
dialog: confront Diana but--
dialog: No one’s there.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Diana? We're not through, here.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Don’t make me punish you!
text: THE BEDROOM DOORKNOB LOCKS by itself... Then--
dialog: 80.
text: Diana GRABS Sophie from behind and THROWS her against a wall--
text: --where Sophie CRASHES into a bureau and collapses to the
text: floor, unconscious.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Fire flickers from gas tubing. We're in:
text: An iron “fireplace” stove with a large ventilation pipe. At
dialog: one time, before central air/heating was a thing, this
dialog: basement was kept warm with this wood-burning heater.
dialog: But now there is no wood. It hasn’t been used in years.
text: Rebecca shoves crinkled newspaper into the mouth of the
text: thing, and the flames catch it, offering the room some
text: fleeting warm light.
text: Behind Rebecca, Martin holds the weakening flashlight.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Rebecca...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hurry.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I know!
text: Rebecca starts scavenging for whatever she can find.
text: She grabs a cardboard box’s lid.
text: And then from the box, an old stuffed ANIMAL missing one
dialog: button-eye.
text: And a stack of yellowed MAGAZINES.
text: All of it goes into the stove’s mouth.
text: The junk doesn’t catch fire right away.
text: Martin hears something in the dark: CLICKING toenails.
text: Scurrying sounds from somewhere.
text: He sweeps the flashlight around. Its beam has narrowed.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: (sing-song)
dialog: Maaaaartin...
text: Martin tenses.
text: Rebecca blows on the fire. Puts her hand in and grabs some
text: burning newsprint to try and spread it.
text: The flashlight flickers.
text: Martin tries to keep it everywhere at once.
text: All he succeeds in doing is make the shadows in the room
text: dance and sway. The plastic, four-foot-tall “wise men”
text: figures trotted out for the lawn in December continue to cast
text: humanoid shadows on the wall.
text: Martin keeps his focus on them.
text: From directly above him... matted jet-black hair DESCENDS,
text: like she’s perched on the rafter above him--
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Brush your hair--
text: Martin freaks and points the flashlight directly up--
text: And, like flashlights with batteries in the handle, it causes
text: the light to nearly go out, flickering--
text: Martin backs up, but just in the nick of time--
text: The STUFFED ANIMAL in the stove catches fire.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: The corner of the room by the stove is saturated in the glow
dialog: of the fire. Rebecca did it.
text: Martin sits down, already exhausted.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That won’t last more than a few
dialog: minutes. We need to find more stuff
dialog: to burn.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca and Martin dig through boxes.
dialog: 82.
text: Anything deemed burnable gets tossed in a pile near the
dialog: stove.
text: Martin’s lack of sleep is catching up with him. Fatigue is
text: setting in.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (re: her file box)
dialog: Mom saved her tax forms from ten
dialog: years ago. She’s still got receipts
dialog: in here.
text: Rebecca puts a stuffed folder of papers on the pile.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How long are we gonna stay in here?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: There aren’t any windows.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I’m working on a plan.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m not much good to you.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You're doing great. Feed the fire
dialog: for a while.
dialog: Martin does so.
text: Rebecca scoots a new file box from one shelf and sits down
text: with it by the stove.
text: On the side: the box is labeled “REBECCA.”
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s this? My old clothes?
text: She opens it.
text: Inside: a lone SHOE BOX.
text: Rebecca pulls this out and opens this.
text: She lifts out a set of developed PHOTOGRAPHS. Goes through
text: them, curious.
dialog: 83.
text: THE PHOTOS: Birthday cakes, all taken on the dining table
text: upstairs. Sixteen candles. Seventeen. Then eighteen.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: She made birthday cakes?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Every year, on your birthday.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: But, I was in San Diego those
dialog: years. Mom knew that.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She made them anyway. We sang the
dialog: song for you.
text: This is news to Rebecca. She pulls out the other materials in
dialog: the shoe box...
text: LETTERS. Folded into personal envelopes. Unmailed. Each with
text: dates on the front.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: She wrote me letters?
text: Rebecca opens one. Unfolds the paper.
text: Martin glances at them, then returns to feeding the fire.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah. She did that a lot.
dialog: Rebecca reads one.
text: Aside from a quick look over her shoulder at the handwritten
text: letters on lined paper, we don’t see the content.
text: We just see Rebecca’s face as she reads.
text: Whatever is in the content, it affects her deeply.
text: By page two, she starts to tremble.
text: By page three, she’s in tears.
text: At the end, she sniffs, wipes her eyes, and stuffs the letter
text: back in its envelope. It’s one of maybe a dozen.
text: Gently, as if it were a newborn infant, Rebecca places the
text: shoe box back in the larger file box.
text: Martin watches.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: What did it say?
text: Rebecca lets out a breath. Doesn’t directly answer his
text: question, but looks him in the eye to say:
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: We are going to help mom. I will
dialog: find a way to get rid of Diana.
text: The fire crackles. Martin nods at his sister, then gets the
text: energy to grab another box from the other side of the stove.
text: This one is marked ‘HALLOWEEN.’
text: As he digs through it, Rebecca puts a protective hand on the
text: file box containing her mother’s letters to her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, I found a flashlight.
text: She looks over to see Martin has a rectangular light tube.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Or something.
text: He turns it on-- its batteries work. But it casts a cold
text: blue/green glow on Martin.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That's a black light.
dialog: (beat)
text: But a light’s a light.
text: He hands it to her. She shines it around.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Still got some juice.
text: Rebecca takes a breath, steels her nerves, and advances for
text: another corner of the basement.
text: The black light casts a deep blue hue over all the stored
dialog: junk in this space.
text: Rebecca moves from the fire.
text: One step at a time.
text: Martin watches, scared and exhausted all at once.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where are you going?
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: To take inventory.
text: With the glove of the amber fire at her back, and the blue
text: glow in front of her, Rebecca navigates the nest of shelving
dialog: and boxes.
text: Somewhere in the dark, the sound of scurrying feet.
text: Rebecca tenses.
text: She moves for the next aisle.
text: The black light reveals FOOT PRINTS on the floor--
text: And occasional HAND PRINTS on other items.
text: Rebecca looks down to see the wan glow of a similar hand
text: print ON HER OWN SHIRT SLEEVE. Like a mark of ownership.
text: Freaked, Rebecca rubs the sleeve to smear the print.
text: In moving her arm with the black light, she reveals --
text: HANDWRITING on a far wall. Just a faint glimpse of it.
text: Invisible without the black light.
text: Rebecca ventures toward it, past a shelf, holding the light
dialog: up to get a closer look...
text: ..+.The wall is covered in Diana’s scrawled writing. Like the
text: journal of a prisoner of war. Just a taste of the blanket of
dialog: run-on sentences written over the course of years --
text: CAN HEAR THEM AROUND ME UPSTAIRS TALHING LAUGHING NO WAY NNO WAY OUT
scene_heading: TRAPPED JUST LIKE THE HOSPITAL JUST LIKE FATHER ALWAYS IN THE BASEMENT
scene_heading: FORGET ABOUT DIANA NO ONE LIKES YOU BUT SOPHIE DOES SOPHIE DID SHE LET ME OUT
scene_heading: SHE MISSES HER CHILD PRETTY CHILD PRETTY DOLL | JUST WANT TO BE YOUR FRIEND
text: It’s enough to freak Rebecca out. She turns away from it.
text: At the other end of the shelf, among other junk: the black
text: light illuminates a gardening spade with a long wooden grip.
text: A weapon. Potentially. Makeshift, but still.
text: More scurrying in the dark. This time to her right.
text: Rebecca shines the black light into a darkened corner where a
text: rack of clothes hangs -- leftover inventory from one of
dialog: Paul’s years at the shop.
dialog: 86.
text: But wait. There’s a HUMANOID FIGURE standing there too--
text: Standing and staring at us in the blue-tinted darkness.
text: Wild, long hair. Eyes that shine like a cat’s. And teeth that
text: GLOW in the black light. Eyes and teeth. She’s so still she
dialog: looks like a Halloween lawn-scarecrow but--
text: Then SHE MOVES, back out of sight and we realize HOLY SHIT
dialog: YES THAT WAS DIANA.
text: Rebecca nearly jumps out of her skin--
text: She hurries for the gardening spade at the end of the aisle--
dialog: Looking back--
text: More scurrying sounds--
dialog: Where is that monster now--
text: Rebecca gets to the end and grabs the wooden handle. The
text: spade is laid lengthwise on the shelf, so the metal shovel
text: end sticks out the other side, on the other aisle.
text: She starts to pull it away--
text: And it sticks. Like it’s hung up on something.
text: Rebecca shines the light to see what’s caught it--
text: And the black light shines right in DIANA’S FACE on the other
text: side of the aisle.
text: It’s only visible for a dozen frames of the film, but her
text: mouth is distorted; bigger than a human’s mouth, and full of
text: crooked teeth. Her eyes are milky like they have cataracts.
text: And she hisses at Rebecca.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: No!
text: Rebecca falls back, still clutching the spade in one hand,
text: crashing against another shelf, toppling it--
text: Scrambling to escape, to find that black light--
dialog: Shit, she dropped that--
dialog: Scurrying sound again--
text: Rebecca reaches for the black light--
dialog: 87.
text: But then a bare ARM black as an oil slick slams down on her,
text: snaring her wrist, in the glow of the black light--
text: Diana's matted, black hair suddenly sinking close to
dialog: Rebecca’s face--
text: And then a weak FLASHLIGHT BEAM lands on Diana’s arm--
text: And in an inhuman SCREECH, Diana is gone faster than a
dialog: jumping spider.
text: MARTIN steps close, holding the big flashlight as it sputters
text: out again.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Come on!
text: Rebecca grabs the black light, the spade, and they move back
text: to the corner with the fireplace.
text: She takes a breath.
text: Martin guts the flashlight’s batteries and switches them
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes this gives you a little
dialog: more juice.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
text: I saw her. I got a clear look at
dialog: her.
dialog: (holds black light)
dialog: She doesn’t disappear in this
dialog: light. She’s real.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: So, if I can see her, at least I
dialog: know where she is. I can keep her
text: from vanishing.
dialog: (points at flashlight)
dialog: And with that thing, maybe I can
dialog: even hurt her.
text: She hefts the gardening spade like a short spear.
text: Heavy footfall overhead. Someone thumping around upstairs.
text: Martin and Rebecca both look up.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What is she doing now?
text: Rebecca doesn’t answer right away; she doesn’t know.
text: Then: something echoes inside the stove’s piping.
text: Another loud WHUMP as something wet lands in the stove’s fire
text: immediately SNUFFING IT OUT.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now what?
text: Rebecca stares at the ceiling for a beat.
text: Smoke begins to fill the lit space where they’re huddled.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Mom! !
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Sophie is still unconscious on the floor. Unresponsive.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: (distant)
dialog: Mommmm !
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - THAT MOMENT
text: Rebecca and Martin keep CALLING until Martin’s flashlight
text: starts sputtering out again. All that’s left is Rebecca's
text: black light.
text: She pulls her brother close, and they back into a corner.
text: His eyes are wide with fear.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Are we going to die?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No. We're fighters.
text: She holds onto him. Trying to give him a brave face. But
text: honestly, she doesn’t know what to do next.
text: And then, in the distance: the sound of SIRENS.
text: Rebecca perks up. Suddenly hopeful.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT
text: An LAPD squad car comes tearing down the street. As it
text: approaches, half a block before Sophie’s house, the sirens
text: are shut off, and it runs only with the lights.
text: Tailing the squad car: Bret’s SUV.
text: The cops pull to the curb outside Sophie’s house.
text: Bret’s SUV skids to a halt, nearly rear-ending the squad car.
text: Bret climbs out, leaving his headlights on.
text: He still looks bloody, his shirt stained with it. Someone
text: attempted to bandage his neck but it’s clear he left before
dialog: they could finish the job.
text: Now that he’s back, Bret doesn’t take his eyes off the house.
text: Two LAPD OFFICERS get out of the squad car. One male, one
text: female. Both cool, calm, and collected.
text: The male is OFFICER FORM; 30s, tall, African-American.
text: The female is OFFICER GOMEZ; early 30s, muscular, two stripes
text: on her uniform indicate she’s the senior officer.
text: Bret’s already pointing and talking--
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: She's in there, my girlfriend and
dialog: her family--
speaker_heading: OFFICER GOMEZ
dialog: Sir, please return to your car, you
dialog: need to get to the hospital--
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Listen to me, you need flashlights.
speaker_heading: OFFICER FORM
dialog: Get back in your car, sir.
text: Said loudly.
text: Bret backs up. But notices he’s not quite in the light of his
text: SUV's beams, and takes a side-step into them.
text: The two Officers approach the house.
text: Its front door remains partly open.
text: Officer Gomez speaks into her shoulder radio handset:
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: OFFICER GOMEZ
dialog: Unit eighty-one, we’re at the
text: Marigold house, power grid is out.
dialog: Over.
text: Officer Form looks back at his partner when they get to the
text: door, then gets his flashlight out and knocks on the door.
speaker_heading: OFFICER FORM
dialog: LAPD. Anyone home?
text: The door opens from his knocking.
text: He shines the light into the living room.
text: Overturned furniture from the attack on Bret gives the place
text: the look of a war zone.
speaker_heading: OFFICER FORM (CONT'D)
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Help!
text: The Officers hear that. They go inside.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Officers reach the hall with the door to the basement.
speaker_heading: OFFICER GOMEZ
dialog: LAPD, we're responding to a
dialog: domestic disturbance?
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: In here!
text: Officer Form springs into action and kicks the door.
text: It doesn’t give on the first kick, so he goes again--
speaker_heading: OFFICER GOMEZ
dialog: (into radio)
text: Unit eighty-one, possible fire at
dialog: residence, alert LAFD--
text: BOOM! The door is kicked in. Officer Form shines the light
dialog: down the stairs at--
text: Rebecca and Martin, who remain in the corner, Rebecca still
text: holding her gardening spade.
dialog: 91.
text: A thin veil of smoke displaced from the stove hangs in the
text: room, creeping out into the hall. Like a residual fog.
speaker_heading: OFFICER FORM
dialog: You okay?
text: DOWN THE HALL, Diana’s silhouette appears.
text: Gomez notices. Puts a hand on her partner's shoulder--
dialog: Form sees her--
speaker_heading: OFFICER FORM (CONT'D)
dialog: Ma’ am?
text: He shines the light down the hall-- but Diana is gone.
text: Officer Form draws his sidearm and advances down the hall
text: with the flashlight before him.
text: Officer Gomez stays at the door where she can keep sight of
dialog: her partner and call down to Rebecca--
speaker_heading: OFFICER GOMEZ
dialog: Can you move?
text: Rebecca grabs Martin and moves up the stairs, saying:
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Keep the light on us!
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S BEDROOM - THAT MOMENT
text: Sophie gets up, a trickle of blood marking a path on her head
text: from where she was thrown.
text: She sets upon the door to the hall, determined.
text: It’s lodged, somehow. Can’t open.
text: So she starts bashing the door with whatever she can find.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Diana! You hurt my children and we
dialog: are never speaking again!
text: WHANG! She starts to dislodge the doorknob.
text: WHANG! Again, weakening the door.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL
text: The upstairs sound is muted down here with all the chaos.
text: At the end of the hall, Officer Form looks for where the
dialog: figure disappeared.
speaker_heading: OFFICER FORM
dialog: Show yourself!
text: BACK WITH GOMEZ, she sees her partner check down one part of
text: the family room where the hallway ends--
text: And then that silhouette ATTACKS from behind, pulling him out
dialog: of Gomez's view--
text: But it’s so quick, neither has time to react--
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY ROOM
text: Officer Form crashes hard on a card table--
text: His flashlight resting on the floor by the hall--
text: And DIANA stands before him. Menacing. We can’t see that
text: insane face but we know it’s there; we can hear her raspy
dialog: breath through that too-big mouth...
text: Officer Form raises his sidearm--
speaker_heading: OFFICER FORM
dialog: Back off!
text: But she takes a step toward him-- BLAM! He fires--
text: And in the muzzle flash from the Glock SHE DISAPPEARS--
text: But a fraction of a second later, the moment the flash
dialog: dissipates, she’s A STEP CLOSER--
text: He fires AGAIN-- to the same effect--
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL
text: Gomez hears her partner firing once, then twice, then a third
text: time before he WAILS IN AGONY out of view--
speaker_heading: OFFICER GOMEZ
dialog: Andrew!
dialog: (into handset)
dialog: Eleven ninety-nine! Get me backup!
dialog: 93.
text: Gomez has her gun drawn. Flashlight in the other hand. Trying
dialog: to control her breathing.
text: Rebecca and Martin huddle close to the Officer.
text: Footsteps from elsewhere in the house. The sound bounces
text: around -- upstairs, in the basement, like someone playing a
dialog: game with them.
text: Gomez is taut as a wire, changing the grip on her Glock.
speaker_heading: OFFICER GOMEZ (CONT’D)
dialog: How many are there?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Use this. You won’t see her
dialog: otherwise.
text: Rebecca offers the black light.
text: But Gomez instead moves for the back room where her partner
dialog: was last seen.
text: Rebecca checks on Martin.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
text: Martin nods weakly.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: We're getting out -- now --
text: Martin holds onto Rebecca with pleading eyes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: We'll find her too.
text: A cut-off SCREAM from Gomez in the dark. Close by. But then a
text: battery-operated smoke detector begins WAILING, drowning out
text: all other sound, like a nail-biting soundtrack.
text: Rebecca looks for her and sees a SILHOUETTE approaching from
text: down the hall.
text: The smoke thins, revealing it’s GOMEZ, staggering back...
text: But she’s being held up. Like a puppet. And then she falls.
text: Collapsing in a lifeless heap a dozen feet from Rebecca...
dialog: 94.
text: But her SILHOUETTE REMAINS standing -- Diana. Diana was her
text: puppeteer, behind Gomez like a physical shadow.
text: Rebecca, wide-eyed with fear, grabs hold of Martin and starts
text: crawling away from Diana, holding out the black light --
text: Diana’s arm moves like a snake striking and KNOCKS the light
dialog: out of Rebecca’s hand --
text: And it SMASHES against the wall, the bulb shattering.
text: Rebecca turns and pushes Martin for the door --
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Go!
text: And he runs, but she doesn’t get far:
text: Diana GRABS Rebecca by the neck and SHOVES her to the floor.
text: Pitch-black clawed HANDS encircle Rebecca’s throat.
text: She can't breathe. Struggling against Diana, fists pounding
text: and legs bucking, but it’s like fighting an onyx statue.
text: Martin returns, in a panic --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Stop it!
text: -- and he’s backhanded, thrown back.
text: Diana’s attention returns to Rebecca. Choking the life out of
text: her. That black hair dangling in Rebecca's face.
dialog: And then:
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (0.S.)
dialog: I told you.
text: SOPHIE stands in the room, pointing one of the Officer's
text: handguns at Diana. Gone is the manic woman we knew. Standing
text: here, legs slightly apart, is a woman of pure determination.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t hurt my kids.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: They won't let me be your friend.
dialog: Sophie FIRES --
text: But we know the result: Diana BLINKS out of existence for
dialog: that moment of muzzle-blast --
dialog: 95.
text: Rebecca SUCKS IN A BREATH for a second before Diana RETURNS
text: and immediately clamps down on her neck.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: That won't hurt me...
text: And then Sophie puts the gun to her own head.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: This will.
dialog: (then)
dialog: My daughter was right. I let you
dialog: in. I let you stay. You are here
dialog: because of me.
text: This gets Diana’s attention. Her chokehold on Rebecca eases
text: up, just enough for Rebecca to croak out the words --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Mom -- what are you doing --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SOPHIE:
text: A tear streaks down her cheek, but she says with conviction:
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Saving your lives.
scene_heading: BACK ON REBECCA:
text: At the sound of a single GUNSHOT that causes Diana to VANISH
text: in mid-screech.
text: Rebecca sits up, coughing. But can’t take her eyes off:
text: Her mother’s body. In a heap on the floor. Dead.
text: Eyes welling with tears, she crawls to Sophie.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No...
text: Martin comes to and sees the aftermath.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom? Mom...
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: From outside looking in through the bay window, two small
text: figures (Rebecca and Martin) huddle over their dead mother.
text: Their bodies shudder from sudden grief. And then Rebecca
text: raises her head and we see the silent wail of raw pain.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: WIDER STILL
text: A bird's eye view of the block shrouded in darkness...
text: And then the power is restored. Street lamps awaken.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Paramedics hoist up the gurney, locking its wheels in place.
text: Sophie’s body now rests under a sheet on it.
text: Rebecca stands back, watching them carry out her mother’s
text: body while the lights of emergency vehicles flare across the
text: interior of the room through the window.
text: A beat. Rebecca looks down at the floor where Sophie’s body
dialog: had been moments ago.
text: A SHADOW remains on the spot. Darkening the wood. In the
dialog: exact pose as Sophie.
text: Rebecca stares. Fists clenched. More angry than scared now.
text: Slowly, the shadow EVAPORATES before our eyes.
text: And then it’s gone. And Rebecca un-clenches her fists.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT
text: Later still. Rebecca and Martin sit on the back bumper of a
text: parked ambulance. Both of them are wrapped in blankets.
text: They look utterly spent.
text: Bret approaches. A little worse for wear, but with bottles of
dialog: water for them.
text: Rebecca scoots over so he can sit with them.
text: For a beat they simply lean on each other. Then, Rebecca
text: nudges Bret.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I thought it was too much for you,
dialog: and you ran off. But you came back.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Of course.
dialog: 97.
text: Rebecca looks at Martin, who gazes up at her like a lost
text: puppy. Unsure of his future.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: So did I. And I’m here to stay.
text: Martin holds onto his sister.
text: Two PARAMEDICS load Sophie into an ambulance, the body
text: covered in a white sheet.
text: The mood turns sad once more. Especially for Martin, who
text: looks hollowed-out by this loss. His one remaining hope:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Is Diana finally gone?
text: CLOSE ON REBECCA, finding her strength again. Using a damp
text: towel from the ambulance, she wipes off her mascara. No more
text: hiding behind a warrior’s mask. The warrior is here.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: She better be.
text: PULLING BACK for one last view of the neighborhood...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - EVENING
text: Sundown. One week later.
text: Rebecca, Bret, and Martin march up the steps to her front
text: door. They're all dressed in black.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA'S LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: A slow pan around the place -- it looks remarkably different
dialog: from the last time we saw it.
text: Gone are the heavy metal posters, save for one that shows the
text: ascension of a Valkyrie to Asgard.
text: The place is cleaned up. Reorganized. Some new furniture. Or
text: some adopted from Sophie’s house.
text: The three tired mourners settle in for the night as they step
text: in from the front stoop.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Okay, little man, you got school
dialog: tomorrow, so let’s get you prepped
dialog: for the morning.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I got it.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Well then, show me so I know what
dialog: “got it” looks like.
text: Martin nods and moves off for the back room.
text: Bret stays with Rebecca. Puts a hand on her.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: It’ll work out.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Will it?
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Bret makes a sandwich at the counter.
text: Rebecca joins him. She’s now dressed down in sweats, her hair
text: tied behind her.
text: Somewhere from the living room, the soft sounds of the TV.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: He likes the triangle cut.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: And the crust is okay.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I know.
text: Rebecca paces.
text: Bret offers her a slice of cheese. She takes it.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What if--
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: No sense worrying.
dialog: 99.
text: The doorbell rings.
text: Rebecca and Bret trade looks. Expectant. Clearly Rebecca’s
dialog: been waiting for this.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: She opens the door to reveal EMMA at her stoop. With an
text: envelope in her hands.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey.
text: Emma smiles. Hands her the envelope.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Did they...?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Understand, it’s not a formal
dialog: adoption. But yes. You are now a
dialog: foster parent.
text: Rebecca jumps a little and then relaxes.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Thank you so much.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, you’re the one who did the
dialog: work and-- oh!
text: Rebecca pulls Emma into a big, earnest hug.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca closes the door and turns around, smiling--
text: To find Martin and Bret waiting like two pets.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: We're a family!
text: Martin smiles.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: I knew it! We’re celebrating.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Popcorn and movies?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Not so fast, school boy.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Awww.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: C'mon, time for bed.
scene_heading: EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Later. The neon sign winks by their bedroom window... But the
text: interior lights now extinguish. It’s bedtime.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Later. The middle of the night.
text: A lone night light shines in this room, illuminating the sofa
dialog: bed where Martin sleeps...
text: Except he’s not asleep. He’s sitting up.
text: And his eyes are SQUINTING at the brightness of the night
text: light. He holds up his pale arm to protect him from it.
text: Martin then crawls to the coffee table against the edge of
text: the bed and places something on it. As a gift. An offering.
text: It’s his mother’s HAIRBRUSH.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Rebecca and Bret sleep together in her bed.
dialog: This room has been redone as well. Not to the point Rebecca
dialog: has lost her personality, just... matured a step.
dialog: And also, some of Bret’s stuff is here. Including an electric
text: guitar in the corner and a cloth-covered rig that looks like
dialog: it might be a homemade amplifier.
text: Night lights illuminate this room, too. There’s at least one
dialog: in every room, actually.
text: The digital clock flickers at 1:57am. Precisely that time.
dialog: And then--
dialog: 101.
text: Power cuts out. The whole place goes dark.
text: CLOSING IN on Rebecca, asleep.
text: Pressing closer.
text: Closer.
text: A faint SCRATCHING sound creeps in. Enough to wake her.
text: She blinks. Looks around. And fear sets in.
text: The scratching continues.
text: Rebecca looks toward the door--
dialog: Drenched in darkness. But in that dark... is... is that a
text: hunched-over FIGURE?
text: Rebecca is almost afraid to speak at it. But then--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Martin?
text: The SCRATCHING stops suddenly.
text: Rebecca nudges Bret by her side.
text: Bret stirs. Sits up.
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Emergency plan.
text: This wakes him up in a heartbeat. He reaches for the shelf by
dialog: his side of the bed--
text: --and the silhouette of AN ARM from under the bed CATCHES HIS
text: in its grasp INCHES before Bret can grab a FLASHLIGHT--
speaker_heading: BRET
dialog: Becks--!
text: And then he’s YANKED off the bed--
text: Slamming into THE DRESSER. Out cold.
text: Rebecca pulls something from her nightstand drawer-- is it
dialog: another flashlight?
text: No. It’s a ROAD FLARE. Which she cracks--
dialog: 102.
text: Suddenly casting the entire room in a FIERY RED GLOW.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Bret!
text: Bret is unresponsive. But there’s no sign of Diana now.
text: Scurrying from the living room. It draws her attention.
text: Rebecca opens a nightstand drawer on her side and reaches in.
text: Inside: one item. A FUCKING MACHETE.
text: With knife in one hand and sparking flare in the other,
text: Rebecca ventures for the living room.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Martin? Sound off!
speaker_heading: MARTIN (0.S.)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m here...
text: Rebecca gets to the threshold and then she hears:
speaker_heading: MARTIN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: She says it’s all right...
text: With a fresh fear, she steps into--
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM
text: --and the red glow of the flare shows Martin on the edge of
text: the sofa bed, positioned as if he were just looking at
text: something in the dark space underneath.
text: He’s been crying. But now he’s not.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You don’t need that this time.
text: Indicating the flare in her hand.
text: He says it too calmly. Why isn’t he scared out of his mind?
text: It takes Rebecca a beat to find her voice.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Martin. What are you saying.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She can talk to mom. She’s here to
dialog: protect me.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: “Protect” you... from what?
text: A hoarse WHISPER from underneath Martin’s sofa-bed, which
text: Martin seems to hear clear as day.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Martin, look at me. You don’t need
dialog: this. You don’t need her!
speaker_heading: MARTIN REBECCA
dialog: She can talk to mom-- That's a lie--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She won't go away, please, this is
dialog: the only way to survive!
text: He says it so desperately, trying so hard to make Rebecca go
text: along with it, now it’s clear what Martin is doing. He’s just
text: as broken as his mother.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: There’s a better way. She’s not
dialog: real, you hear me? And we can’t let
dialog: her become real. Listen--
text: Something scurries in the kitchen.
text: Rebecca whirls around with the flare, trying to see in.
text: No sign. Of anything. Shadows thrown left and right.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Becksss...
text: From one corner. Then, a slightly different intonation:
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (lower pitch)
dialog: Becksss...
text: From somewhere else. Playing with Rebecca.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Please, don’t make her mad...
dialog: And then from the bedroom:
speaker_heading: BRET’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Becks?
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Bret?
text: She starts back for her bedroom but stops-- her flare is the
text: only light source here. If she leaves, Martin is back in
text: total darkness again.
text: Rebecca goes to Martin and hands him the flare.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Hold onto this at the base.
dialog: Okay? I’1l be right back.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What are you going to use?
text: Rebecca holds up the machete to show him a personal addition
text: to one side of the blade:
text: A compact PEN LIGHT, taped in place. She clicks it on--
text: It’s black light.
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rebecca enters, holding knife with white knuckles.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Bret?
text: In the weak, bluish light, she finds Bret’s body still passed
text: out at the foot of the dresser. It wasn’t Bret.
text: Diana’s silhouette STRIKES from behind--
text: And Rebecca FALLS HARD, hair already matted with her own
dialog: blood.
text: The machete skitters off to the corner by the guitar.
dialog: Rebecca tries to get up--
text: But Diana’s silhouette STRIKES her again and Rebecca’s ear
text: gets a nasty gash.
text: Rebecca crawls for the part of the room where the machete
text: lies, tauntingly close...
text: TIGHT ON REBECCA’S BLOODY FACE.
text: A heavy weight descends on her. Pinning her. It hurts.
dialog: 105.
text: HER HAND struggles to reach for the direction of the machete,
text: by the power supply to the homemade amp.
text: DIANA’S HAIR drifts down by Rebecca’s face.
text: She reaches again. The knife is a good foot away.
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: I just want to be your friend...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: You're dead.
text: Her hand touches the power supply.
text: AND NOW WE SEE THE LABEL on the thing. It’s a BATTERY PACK.
text: With an old-school radio SWITCH.
text: Diana digs into Rebecca’s flesh, whispering:
speaker_heading: DIANA’S VOICE
dialog: You can't run away this time.
text: Rebecca turns onto her back, to face Diana--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Neither can you, bitch.
text: And she flips the switch.
text: It’s not an amplifier. It’s a LIGHTING RIG.
text: VRRRRM -- first a set of heavy-duty BLACK LIGHTS clack on--
text: And Diana is EXPOSED as the demonic-looking woman atop
text: Rebecca in the darkened bedroom.
text: Her wicked grin vanishes when she looks up at the rig--
text: Just in time to see the second set of lights power on--
text: BRIGHT FLOODLIGHTS like a set of high-beams.
text: DIANA SCREAMS in agony--
text: From a LOW ANGLE BEHIND HER, the silhouette now made flesh by
text: the black light is TURNED TO ASH by the flood lights.
text: She DISSOLVES and blows away like powder in a stiff breeze.
text: Rebecca takes a breath. Two. Props up on her elbows.
text: Looks around.
dialog: 106.
text: Bret MOANS and begins to wake. Then, the power returns.
text: LIGHTS flicker back on.
text: And Rebecca remains drenched in the hard light of the custom
text: lighting rig -- obviously part of the Emergency Plan.
text: She's bloodied from the fight. But she ignores it for now.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Martin?
text: Martin steps in from the hall. Squints at the light.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Is she gone?
text: Rebecca sees the ash around her.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Yeah.
text: Martin rushes to her. Rebecca sits up to hug him.
text: Still in the embrace, he asks a follow-up:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: For good?
text: Beat. Rebecca looks around. Still holding him.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I think so.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And if not, we’ll be stronger next
dialog: time. You know why?
text: Martin stares at one of the posters still on the bedroom
text: wall: One depicting a fearsome WARRIOR in some fantasy
text: setting, battling goblins with a torch and sword.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Because we're fighters.
text: Rebecca smiles. A survivor's smile.
text: Looking straight ahead:
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That’s right.
text: HARD SLAM TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END.
dialog: 
