dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBIA - NIGHT
text: A beautiful late summer night. Crickets chirping, sprinklers
text: sprinkling.
text: We PAN across one particular lawn, up one particular tree,
text: where we see THE PEEPER (Jon Lovitz) sitting on a limb. He
text: has a bottle of wine, some sandwiches, a Walkman. Suddenly
text: the lights turn on.
speaker_heading: PEEPER
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Showtime!
text: We see a young mother walk into the room outside the Peeper's
text: window. She is wearing business attire.
speaker_heading: PEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Rough day at the office Mrs. Dunleavy?
dialog: (takes bite of sandwich)
dialog: Well you'll feel better once you slip
dialog: off those work clothes and get into some
text: sweats.
text: The mother sits on the bed and pulls off her shoes, rubbing
text: her feet.
speaker_heading: PEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my G-D, yes! I wish you would let me
dialog: rub those feet. Of course I wouldn't
dialog: use my hands. Heh heh heh heh...
text: He sips some wine.
text: The mother starts to unbutton her blouse. She takes it off,
text: revealing a nice bra.
speaker_heading: PEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks like Victoria just told me her
dialog: secret.
text: The peeper frantically writes in a dirty notebook. Mouthing
text: the words as he goes.
speaker_heading: PEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Thursday the ninth, eight-thirty p.m.,
dialog: first brassiere sighting...
dialog: (stops writing)
dialog: I will pleasure myself to this image for
dialog: months. MONTHS I TELL YOU!
text: The mother starts to unbutton her pants. Her young son walks
text: in wearing a scouts uniform.
speaker_heading: PEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Young Scottie Dunleavy. What
dialog: unfortunate timing. You mother was just
dialog: getting comfy.
text: The son talks to his mother excitedly.
speaker_heading: PEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, yes, I'm sure you tied many great
dialog: knots today or whatever. Now get out.
text: The son, not going anywhere, sits in a chair.
speaker_heading: PEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now what. This simply won't do.
text: The peeper takes out a cell phone and dials. The son
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: PEEPER
dialog: Hello, Scottie. Why don't you go
dialog: downstairs like a good boy and let your
dialog: mother freshen up.
speaker_heading: SCOTTIE
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: PEEPER
dialog: Just a little birdie. A birdie who
dialog: wants to see if your mother's panties
dialog: match her bra.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh my G-D Scottie. Is there a man up
dialog: our tree?
text: The peeper gets nervous.
speaker_heading: PEEPER
dialog: Tell her no. Tell her it's just a big
dialog: bird.
text: The peeper starts flapping his arms and making bird noises.
text: We SEE Scottie with his sling shot. The mother nods yes. He
text: shoots it. It hits the peeper square in the head. He falls
text: to the ground with a thud.
speaker_heading: PEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Dunleavy, please come help me. And
dialog: wear your bikini.
text: The peeper looks up. He sees Scottie pushing a television
text: out the window. It lands on top of the peeper. He's dead.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT:
scene_heading: INT. HOLE - DAY
text: The peeper is zooming down a hole, walls of dirt racing by on
dialog: all sides.
text: The peeper is falling down, down, down. The whole way
text: screaming like a five-year old girl.
speaker_heading: PEEPER'S POV
text: We see the tunnel turn into more of a slide now and the
text: peeper races towards the opening which is lit by fire. He
speaker_heading: SCREAMS.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE GATES OF HELL
text: We see the GATE/WALL OF FLAMES. We hear screaming. Wham!
text: We see the peeper come flying through the flames and land in
text: a heap in a shallow pit of coals.
text: Dazed, he stands and we see other people shooting through the
text: fire wall at different levels. (NOTE: All the arrivals
text: clothes are now burned &amp; shredded).
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER (O.S.)
dialog: Welcome!
text: The peeper looks left to see the GATEKEEPER standing at his
text: station greeting the new SOULS with mock cheer.
speaker_heading: PEEPER
dialog: Am I in hell?
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: What do you think?
text: A GIANT BIRD appears and bites the peeper's crotch area. We
text: leave the peeper in the pit and tilt up to...
scene_heading: MATTE PAINTING HELL
scene_heading: MUSIC UP: "RUNNING WITH THE DEVIL" BY VAN HALEN
text: The VAST and insane kingdom of Hell. A road leads toward it
text: like the yellow brick road only with fire and coals. We see
text: the black castle in the distance. The camera zooms into the
text: castle, to one particular window.
scene_heading: INT. NICKY'S ROOM - DAY
text: Looks like an American teenager's room - models, a dresser,
text: heavy metal posters (tons of OZZY stuff) everywhere (but no
text: bed - Devils don't sleep). Nicky is air guitaring to the
text: song. Over at the stereo, we see the cassette playing titled
text: "NICKY'S MONSTER METAL MIX."
text: The head demon, JIMMY THE DEMON, opens the door, scaring
text: NICKY who falls backward into the table, breaking it.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Hey...
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Your father wants to see you and your
text: brothers in the throne room.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Okay, but Jimmy, when the house is
dialog: rockin', don't forget the knockin'!
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PALACE THRONE ROOM - DAY
text: ADRIAN and CASSIUS are playing darts. They're aiming for
text: people's faces that are coming through the wall.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: I knew it. He's finally retiring.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: I've been waiting on this day for ten
dialog: thousand years.
text: He throws a dart that hits one of the heads in the forehead.
speaker_heading: HUMAN DARTBOARD
dialog: Aaaah!
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: If the old man picks me to take over
dialog: Hell, I'll keep the torture going twenty
dialog: four seven. No breaks.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Well Dad says it's the breaks that make
dialog: the torture. You have to let people
text: feel a sense of relief.
text: Cassius whips a dart which hits one of the HUMAN DARTBOARDS
text: in the eye.
speaker_heading: HUMAN DARTBOARD
dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaah!
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Then again, the beauty of Dad retiring
dialog: is what he says doesn't matter anymore.
text: Cassius pulls out the dart. The eye comes with it.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: I'll take that.
text: Cassius throws the eye on the ground and stomps it. THWACK!
text: It splatters like a grape.
speaker_heading: HUMAN DARTBOARD
dialog: Was that really necessary?
text: Nicky enters sheepishly.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Hey, how's Daddy's little girl doing
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Good, thanks.
text: Cassius snaps his fingers in Nicky's face.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Hey. Hey. Hey. Wanna mind wrestle?
text: Cassius' eyes start glowing red.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Actually, I'll take a rain check on0
text: Nicky is slammed into a nearby desk as if by an invisible
dialog: force.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Got ya!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (picking up his head)
dialog: Yes, you got me...
text: Nicky's head slams back down again.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Got ya, again!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (picking head up)
dialog: Got me for sure, yes...
text: He grabs a lamp off the desk and cracks himself over the
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Got ya! Now here's the big finish...
text: Nicky frowns as he finds his own right hand heading for his
text: own crotch.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Oh no. Please Cassius...
text: Nicky's hand is being possessed. It gets closer and closer
text: until it latches on to Nicky's crotch.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Aaaaah.
text: Cassius concentrates even harder, making Nicky twist his own
text: hand. Nicky screams even louder. Adrian smiles. They don't
text: notice that DAD, wearing a sweatsuit (and with very small
text: devil horns), enters behind them.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: What are you boys doing?
text: Cassius releases Nicky's hand.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Nothing, Dad. Just re-arranging the
dialog: furniture.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Cassius, didn't I tell you to stay out
dialog: of your brother's mind?
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: I forgot.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Maybe this will help you remember.
text: Dad's eyes flash red and Cassius punches himself hard in the
text: nose, sending him back against the wall and down to the
dialog: floor.
text: Dad gives Nicky a wink. Nicky smiles. Dad has an air of
dialog: confidence and power.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Now everybody sit down.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey, Dad, I'm almost finished laying
dialog: down my monsters of metal compilation
dialog: tape. I really think it's a
dialog: masterpiece.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Okay, kid, we'll listen to it later.
text: He leads the boys to the throne area. We see outside the
text: window the peeper staring in sexily. Dad looks, shakes his
text: head. Just then, THE BIRD appears and attacks him. Dad
text: closes the curtains.
text: Nicky, Adrian and Cassius sit on little stools at the foot of
text: his throne. Dad lights a cigarette with his finger, the tip
text: of which glows red like a cigarette lighter and looks down at
dialog: his three sons.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: My dad, your granddad, Lucifer, was
dialog: thrown out of Heaven by G-d and rules
dialog: here in hell for ten thousand years.
dialog: And after this ten thousand years had
dialog: passed, he decided to abdicate his
dialog: throne...
text: Confused, Nicky sheepishly raises his hand.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: ...to step aside.
dialog: (Nicky lowers his hand)
dialog: ...and let me become the ruler of hell.
dialog: This, as some of you might know, is my
dialog: ten thousandth year as Prince of
dialog: Darkness. So I think the time has come
dialog: to discuss who will succeed me.
text: Jimmy the Demon walks in.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Knock, knock.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Yes, Jimmy.
text: He whispers in Dad's ear.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: No, no, that's not what I said. He can
dialog: keep his thumbs, but the fingers gotta
dialog: go.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: (turning to leave)
dialog: Oh, and don't forget, you're shoving a
text: pineapple up Hitler's ass at four
dialog: o'clock.
text: Dad nods, and Jimmy shuffles out. Dad turns his attention
text: back to his sons.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: This was a very difficult decision,
dialog: because I have three wonderful sons. I
dialog: mean, Adrian, so smart, so ruthless.
dialog: And Cassius, so strong, so tough. And
dialog: Nicky, so...so...
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Don't worry about coming up with
dialog: anything. It's cool.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Such a sweet boy. But after much
dialog: thought and careful consideration, I've
dialog: decided that the ruler for the next ten
dialog: thousand years is going to have to
dialog: be...me.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS AND ADRIAN
dialog: (dumbfounded)
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hallelujah.
text: They all look at Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean...tough break.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: The important thing for the stability of
dialog: our rule is to maintain the balance
dialog: between good and evil. And I don't
dialog: think any of you are ready for that
dialog: responsibility yet. You need the wisdom
dialog: that comes only with the passage of
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Dad! This is Hoyashit.
text: Dad glares. Cassius goes FLYING BACK. One of the Human
text: Dartboards laughs. Cassius whips a dart and hits him in the
text: tongue. Jimmy enters and points at his watch.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Right. Right. Send him in.
dialog: (to the boys)
dialog: I'm sorry, boys. I've got to get back
dialog: to work.
text: Nicky, Cassius and Adrian start filing out. Adrian stops.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: You sure about this decision, Dad?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I'm telling you, pal, it's the right
dialog: thing to do.
text: HITLER (in a French maid's outfit), is being brought in by
text: Jimmy. They head towards the closet.
text: Inside the closet is a crate of pineapples. Hitler picks out
text: a relatively small one. Dad shakes his head "no." Dad walks
text: over to the closet. Hitler picks out a really big pineapple.
text: Dad nods "yes." Hitler sadly hands it to Dad. Jimmy bends
text: Hitler over and as Dad raises the fruit...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HITLER'S EYES
text: As the pineapple's jammed up his ass.
speaker_heading: HITLER
dialog: Holy schnit!!
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY TO HELL - DAY
text: Cassius and Adrian are standing by the road still flowing
text: with souls. Both are pissed. There's a big, ugly, Bigfoot
text: looking MONSTER hanging out with them, kind of nodding along.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: You work your ass off for ten thousand
dialog: years, hurting people, helping others
dialog: hurt people, then you get a decision
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
text: And he's dead serious.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: It's just such a slap in the face.
text: Adrian turns to the Monster.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Um, excuse me, we're having a private
dialog: conversation here.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Yeah, get out of here! Beat it!
text: Cassius insanely snaps his fingers in the Monster's face.
text: The Monster shrugs and walks off.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Twenty-thousand years ago, Grandpa
dialog: Lucifer said, "It is better to rule in
dialog: hell than serve in heaven." Well, I'm
dialog: getting tired of serving in Hell. We
dialog: need a place where we can rule.
text: Cassius throws a rock at the Monster. He yelps, then turns
text: around, motioning like he's thinking about coming back.
text: Cassius sees this and gets enraged.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Oh you wanna be a big man? Bring it
dialog: on!! Let's see what you got!
text: The Monster, upon further reflection, throws his hands up in
text: an "aw phooey" gesture and continues walking away.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what I thought!
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: (to Cassius)
dialog: Could you concentrate for five seconds?
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: I am concentrating. Where can we rule?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: What do you think about...Earth?
text: Cassius seems to think this isn't a bad idea.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We could create our own hell there.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: You saying we go up there and kill
dialog: everyone?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Eventually, Cassius. But first we
dialog: corrupt as many as we can so that when
dialog: we do destroy them...
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: ...their damned souls will be ours.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: It's our time, brother.
text: The two look at each other. They start running toward the
text: fire wall. Knocking souls out of their way.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Hey, what are you doing?!?
text: They get closer to the fire.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: You can't go through there. The fire
text: flows in, not out.
text: They dive through the fire wall. It FREEZES.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: You know something? You guys suck! You
dialog: really suck!
text: Sirens go off. Dogs start barking. Lights flash. And we
text: hear the sound of DAMNED SOULS hitting the back of the
text: firewall hard.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - SHORTLY AFTER
text: Dad and Nicky are listening to one of Nicky's metal mix
text: tapes. We hear the end of Pink Floyd's "Comfortably Numb."
text: Pause. Dad exhales.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Now that was an experience. "You are
dialog: only coming through in waves." That
dialog: line blows my mind every time.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Definitely.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I don't care what kind of mood you're in
dialog: at the start of that song. When it's
dialog: over, that mood has been altered. Wow.
dialog: Great shit. What's next?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Well, I thought that after messing with
dialog: your head, I'd give you a little kick in
dialog: the keester.
text: Hits the tape player. "Enter Sandman" blasts.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Who is this, Metal-lick-a?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Metallica, Dad. Come on.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I was just playing with you.
text: Dad and Nicky dance to the song.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - LATER
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DAD.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I'm sorry. After careful consideration,
dialog: I regretfully have to decline.
text: ON PERSON HE'S TALKING TO: DAN MARINO.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: C'mon, man, I'm just asking for one
text: Superbowl ring.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: In exchange for eternal damnation of
dialog: your soul? You're too nice of a guy for
dialog: me to want to do that to you, Mr.
dialog: Marino.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You did it for Namath.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Yeah, but Joe was coming here anyways.
dialog: Just go back to Earth and enjoy your
dialog: records and the Hall of Fame and the
dialog: beautiful family and all that.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: This is bullshit, man.
dialog: (gets up to leave)
dialog: I'm gonna win the Superbowl this year,
dialog: with or without you!
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Now you're talking.
text: Dan exits.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You're a good devil, Dad.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: And I also happen to be a Jets fan.
text: Nicky and Dad share a laugh which is interrupted by faint
text: sirens. The Gatekeeper enters in a hurry and falls to his
dialog: knees.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Your highness, Cassius and Adrian have
dialog: escaped from hell. They went through
dialog: the fire, and they broke it. I think
dialog: they took the New York tunnel. I tried
dialog: to stop them, but they overpowered me,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Oh, boy. Oh boy. Calm down. Get off
dialog: your knees.
text: The Gatekeeper stands up.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Thanks for being so understanding, your
dialog: worship. You're the man. You've always
dialog: been the man.
text: Dad's EYES GLOW RED as the Gatekeeper stands up. Two huge
text: boobs grow out of either side of the Gatekeeper's head. We
text: only see them from the front for a second.
text: From behind the gatekeeper, we see the boobs but not the
text: nipples as he talks to Nicky.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Nicky)
dialog: I'm lucky to get away with just the head
dialog: boobs, right?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Coulda been much worse.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: That's what I'm thinkin'...
text: Dad is staring off. He looks shaken.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: This is bad, Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: How bad?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I'm gonna die, Nicky. If the gates are
text: broken, no new souls can get in, which
dialog: means I'll start to deteriorate into
dialog: nothing.
text: GRANDPA LUCIFER enters.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: What's with all the whoo-whoo noises?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Everything's fine, pop.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: Last time you said that the renaissance
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Please, pop, just go back to your room.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: (regarding gateskeeper)
dialog: Can I take him with me and have sex with
dialog: his head?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Sure, pop. Whatever you want.
text: The gatekeeper walks towards Lucifer.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Oh, this is gonna be a whole new
dialog: lifestyle for me, isn't it.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES OF HELL - SHORTLY AFTER
text: We see the coals are cooling down on the road and the DAMNED
text: SOULS in hell are sneaking off.
text: The DEMONS are baffled and don't quite know what to do.
text: Dad, Jimmy and Nicky walk to the frozen fire.
speaker_heading: DAMNED SOULS (O.S.)
dialog: What's going on? Where are we?
text: We keep HEARING people hit behind the frozen fire with loud
text: thuds.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Nothing's getting through that. The
text: fire is solid as a rock.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: We gotta get this bad boy burning again.
dialog: Ideas?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: To do that Cassius and Adrian have to
text: come back through the other way.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: So go get 'em, Dad!
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I'm too weak. The process has already
dialog: begun.
text: Dad holds up his hand. His pink is hanging by a thread. We
text: see the bigfoot MONSTER grunt disgusted by the sight.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: So go get 'em, Jimmy!
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: I'm just a demon, Nicky. I don't got
dialog: devil blood in me. I'd last two minutes
dialog: up there with your brothers.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You're not saying it's up to me?
text: The MONSTER puts his hands over his eyes shaking his head as
dialog: if to say, "oh no."
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I've never been to Earth. I've never
dialog: even slept over at some other dude's
dialog: house!
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: You're the spawn of Satan. You got it
dialog: in you.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Nicky, the worst thing that could happen
dialog: on Earth is you get killed, in which
dialog: case, boom, you end up back here.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Are you telling me I have to go to Earth
dialog: and kill my brothers?
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Not go. They left together at the exact
dialog: same time. They gotta come back
dialog: together at the exact same time.
text: Dad takes an ornate flask from his robe.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Here. Get them drunk from this. One
dialog: sip and they'll be trapped inside. Once
dialog: you've got both of them, you bring the
text: flask back through the gate.
text: Dad's pinky is hanging. Jimmy pulls it off and examines it.
text: The Monster gags.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Your ol' man's got less than a week.
text: Nicky looks petrified.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No. This can't be happening.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Son, just do your best.
text: Nicky looks teary eyed. The moment is broken by the Monster,
text: who runs in and pushes Nicky through the fire.
text: Nicky goes through the solid fire wall. PAUSE. The Monster
text: taps his own wrist and looks at Dad as if to say, "gotta get
dialog: a move on."
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION PLATFORM - DAY
scene_heading: A SIGN: 42ND ST. GRAND CENTRAL
text: PAN DOWN to the darkened bowels of the old station, between
text: two tracks, to a putrid puddle. Nicky breaks through the
text: surface, sputtering. We hear a rumbling in the near
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Okay. Earth. The Blue Marble. This
text: doesn't look too bad.
text: Nicky sees a fast approaching light, furrows his brow and
speaker_heading: WHAMMM!
scene_heading: EXT. GATES OF HELL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nicky comes shooting through the solid fire wall and lands in
text: the coal pit. His Dad limps back to him.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: You were gone ten seconds. What
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I got hit by a big light that was
text: attached to a lot of metal.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: That's a train, son. Don't stand in
text: front of them.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Well, I guess I'm going to have to take
text: a mulligan on this one.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Please, Nicky, get back up there.
dialog: (his ear falls off)
dialog: Try to hurry.
text: Nicky climbs up and heads back toward the fire wall.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION PLATFORM - DAY
text: Nicky makes it back through the hole. Looks both ways and
text: hops out of the hole. He carefully crosses the tracks and is
text: stopped by the sight of a bulldog, BEEFY, on the other side.
text: In his mouth is one of those signs car service drivers use to
text: identify their passengers at the airport. On the sign is
text: scrawled "NICKY."
text: Nicky and Beefy stare at each other a beat.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I'm Nicky.
text: Beefy drops the sign from his mouth.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: (voice of Sandy Wernick)
dialog: Hey, terrific!! Now get off the track
dialog: and come with me, shitstains.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - PAVILLION - DAY
text: The throng of commuters making their way through the terminal
text: are giving a wide berth to the filthy man who's looking
text: around suspiciously, talking to the dog.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: My name's Beefy. I'm an old friend of
dialog: your father's. He's asked me to help
dialog: you out.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I just need to find my brothers and be
dialog: on my way, Beefy.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: It's not gonna be easy. Your brothers
dialog: can possess people. So they probably
dialog: won't look like themselves. You have to
dialog: be suspicious of everyone.
text: Nicky looks at Beefy warily for a beat.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Okay, "bro," this jig is up...
dialog: (pulling out the flask)
dialog: Just get in the bottle. Just slide
text: right on in there.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: It's not me, moron.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Oh. Sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - DAY
text: A BLIND PREACHER rants outside the entrance. People put
text: money in his pot.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Oh how the Lord loves you. All his
dialog: children.
dialog: (passerby puts in money)
dialog: He thanks you for your kindness.
dialog: (another woman puts in money)
dialog: God bless, Ma'am. The Lord loves you...
dialog: The Lord loves you...
text: We see Nicky and Beefy walk up from behind. The PREACHER
text: sniffs.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: The Lord does not love you. I
dialog: sense...pure evil.
text: (thrusts his cross in Nicky's
dialog: face)
dialog: You make the Lord very nervous.
dialog: (feeling hot)
dialog: I'm burning...ahhh.
dialog: (running away)
dialog: The Devil walks among us!
text: He runs off screaming, wildly bumping into people.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Lord, save us from Hell's beast!
text: He gets off course and runs right into a subway entrance. He
text: disappears. Beefy turns to Nicky.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Makin' friends already.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (shivering a little)
dialog: It's freezing up here, Beefy.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: You're on Earth now, kid. Gonna have
dialog: the same physical needs and limitations
dialog: a human has. We'll stop by K-mart. Get
dialog: you some warm clothes.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I also have this odd pain in my mid
dialog: section. Kind of a hollow feeling...
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: That pain is hunger.
scene_heading: EXT. BENCH - DAY
text: K-mart bag is next to a bench. PAN UP to see Nicky wearing
text: an extra warm SKI OUTFIT. Sitting next to him on the bench
text: is Beefy. Between them is a big bucket of POPEYE'S FRIED
text: CHICKEN. Nicky takes out a drumstick.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: So far, so good. Now what?
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Put it in your mouth.
text: Nicky puts it in his mouth. Holds it there.
speaker_heading: BEEFY (CONT'D)
dialog: Move your teeth up and down.
text: Nicky does. He chews for a long time.
speaker_heading: BEEFY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you gotta swallow it. Tilt your
text: head back and let the meat slide down
dialog: your throat-hole.
text: Nicky does. He gets a looks of complete joy on his face.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey...Popeye's chicken is ass kickin'!
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: It sure is. Now eat it up. You're
dialog: gonna need your energy.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I got energy up the ying-ying. Let's
dialog: get cracking!
text: NICKY stands with a drumstick and jogs off the curb right
text: into the path of a moving bus.
scene_heading: INT. GATES OF HELL - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Monster is rubbing the gatekeeper's boobs. The
text: gatekeeper is wearing a modified bra. He seems to be
text: enjoying it. We hear a THUD. They look down to see Nicky on
text: the ground. (We didn't see him flying through this time.)
text: The Monster and Gatekeeper immediately stop. Kind of
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: That's a pretty brassiere.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Could you maybe not tell anyone about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: You got it. Could you maybe not tell
dialog: anyone about this?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You got it.
text: Nicky turns and walks toward the firewall. As soon as his
text: back is turned, the monster pantomimes to the Gatekeeper, "I
text: love your boobs." The Gatekeeper gives a flirtatious laugh
text: (we don't see him morph back through the wall here.).
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE STREET - DAY
text: Beefy is walking with him down the street. Nicky is crazy
dialog: cautious.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: From now on. I'm just going to avoid
text: all moving metal objects.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Great. Now your father gave me some
dialog: deposit money for a nice pad on the
dialog: Upper East Side. But I misplaced it.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. STRIP CLUB - NIGHT
text: Beefy is sitting on a bench/booth at a strip club. Champagne
text: is on the table. Bills in his mouth. We see THREE DANCERS
text: dancing for him.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE STREET
text: Nicky and Beefy.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: So I found this other joint for you.
dialog: But you're gonna have a roommate.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A scruffy, thirtyish buy, TODD (Allen Covert), is on the
text: phone in his small, bohemian apartment in the Village.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: I know exactly how you feel... The night
dialog: Reagan was elected, I said to my mother,
dialog: "Is this man going to blow up the world,
dialog: Mommy?" Then we both cried for like an
dialog: hour.
dialog: (knock at the door)
dialog: Somebody's here. Call you later.
text: Todd gets up and opens the door. It's Nicky, with Beefy by
text: his side. Nicky is nervous, and his speech sounds practiced.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hello, friend, my name is Nicky. I
dialog: understand you're seeking a roommate, as
dialog: per your advertisement in the Village
dialog: Voice. Would it be possible for me to
dialog: fill the slot?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Uh, don't you want to know what the rent
dialog: is?
text: Nicky looks down at Beefy. Beefy looks up at Nicky. Both
text: nod imperceptibly.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Yes. What is rent?
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Eight-hundred, split down the middle.
dialog: Tuesdays and Thursdays I rehearse with
dialog: my scene partner so the living room will
dialog: be off limits.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Off limits.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Right. And as far as household items:
dialog: we can share the soap, but we'll split
dialog: the cost 60/40.
dialog: Cause the person who physically goes out
dialog: and buys the soap shouldn't have to pay
dialog: as much as the other guy.
dialog: (looks at Nicky)
dialog: Aren't you boiling in that outfit?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: It's like eighty degrees in this
dialog: hallway. You from the South?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Yeah. The deep South.
text: Nicky laughs a little too hard.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Why is that funny?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And sorry, man, but no dogs allowed.
text: Todd turns and goes into the apartment.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: You'll be alright. Go on. Big day
dialog: tomorrow. Don't forget to do that sleep
dialog: thing I told you about.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Got ya.
dialog: (to Todd)
dialog: Is it okay if I do the sleep thing?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Yeah, your bedroom is right over there.
text: The door closes. Beefy looks down at the welcome mat. It
text: reads: I "heart" METHOD ACTING. Beefy raises his leg over
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. NICKY'S ROOM
text: Nicky is sleeping on top of the hissing radiator, fully
text: clothed. When he inhales through his nose, we hear that
text: familiar snoring/snorting sound. But when he exhales, we
text: hear disturbing "speaking-in-tongues", Exorcist-style voices.
text: SLOW PAN across the room to the doorway where Todd stands,
text: looking concerned.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHEDRAL - MORNING
text: We HEAR the bells toll. We see the beautiful exterior of a
text: large church.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL
text: CLOSE ON an ELDERLY, kind looking CARDINAL. He ascends the
text: steps to the pulpit and looks out on his large congregation.
text: We see that TV cameras are covering the SUNDAY service. He
text: gins his homily.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL
dialog: In today's gospel, the Lord tells us who
dialog: we are to live if we wish to attain the
dialog: splendor of Heaven... or something like
dialog: that. Jesus sure says a lot of stuff in
dialog: the Bible. Moses this. Moses that.
text: Abraham hit me with a whiffle ball bat.
text: The crowd stares dumbfounded. We see that the Cardinal is
text: standing on a steaming hot pizza which is still in the box
text: with the top open.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Yep, the Lord sure did say a bunch of
dialog: hibbity-jibbity. But has he ever really
dialog: done anything for us? Has he ever put a
dialog: Jaguar XJR in my driveway? Has he ever
dialog: given any of my enemies the herpes? No.
dialog: He hasn't done a damn thing for any of
dialog: us.
text: A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN stands up.
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
dialog: The Lord gave my son the strength to get
dialog: off drugs.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL
dialog: Ma'am, I know your son, and believe me,
dialog: he was better off on drugs. He's a
dialog: bore. At least when he was smoking
dialog: hashish, he made me laugh occasionally.
text: A YOUNG MAN and his PREGNANT WIFE stand up.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: After we tried for many years, the Lord
dialog: finally helped my wife conceive a baby.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL
dialog: No, your best friend Fitzie helped your
text: wife conceive a baby. He helped her
text: conceive it all night long.
text: Fitzie, who's sitting on the other side of the Wife, starts
text: to "raise the roof." Then thinks better of it. The Cardinal
text: points to a well-dressed man in the front pew.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL (CONT'D)
dialog: How about you, Mr. Mayor? The Lord ever
dialog: do anything for you?
text: The Mayor has tinfoil on his feet.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Well, I wish I could think of something,
dialog: Cardinal, but to be honest with you, I
dialog: can't. Kind of makes you wonder if
dialog: there even is a Lord. If there is any
dialog: ultimate punishment for our so-called
dialog: "sins." Maybe we should all just have
dialog: fun and do whatever the hell we want.
text: A hubbub is raised by the crowd. Fitzie raises the roof
text: again, this time energetically.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL
dialog: Amen to that. Let the sin begin!
text: The hubbub grows to a roar. Several PEOPLE start fighting
text: over the money in the collection plate.
text: The Cardinal smiles knowingly at the Mayor. We hear the
text: Cardinal's thoughts - in Adrian's voice.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, this is delicious.
speaker_heading: ON MAYOR
text: He's smirking. WE HEAR his telepathic response.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: "Let the sin begins" - that was a good
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Well, we must get people sinning if we
dialog: want to fill up our New Hell. How are
dialog: things going down at City Hall?
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: I lowered the drinking age to ten.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Brilliant. This is so much fun. I
dialog: never want it to end.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: Why should it end? Who's gonna stop us?
text: The Mayor/Cassius laughs. As he does, his eyes slowly cross.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Beefy is taking a dump on the sidewalk. PAN OVER TO:
text: Nicky, his pants around his ankles. He's trying to do the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: This is intense! And it happens every
dialog: day? Sometimes twice? I gotta tip my
dialog: hat to you people!
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Look, it's okay for me to shit the
dialog: street. But you gotta use a toilet.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (pulling up pants)
dialog: Okay, just point me in the right
dialog: direction next time.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Come on, there's like ten million people
text: in this city and the clock is ticking.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Well, let's rock and roll.
text: Nicky looks at the next person walking by. It's a CHINESE
text: DELIVERY GUY on a bicycle. Nicky clotheslines him, taking
text: him off the bike in a sleeperhold/headlock.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
text: Get in the bottle. Dad's falling apart.
dialog: You froze the gate and you're killing
dialog: him. Drink!
text: Nicky puts the flask to the Chinese Guy's lips.
scene_heading: CHINESE DELIVERY GUY
dialog: I'm not thirsty! I'm not thirsty!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: just get in the flask!
text: The Chinese Guy breaks loose, gives Nicky a roundhouse kick
text: to the head and runs away. Nicky gets up.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Adrian and Cassius! You think a kick to
dialog: the head is gonna make me throw in the
dialog: towel? Well, in the immortal words of
dialog: Judas Priest, "You got another thing
dialog: comin'."
text: Beefy shakes his dog head and sighs as we see Nicky hold the
text: bottle up to a few more PEDESTRIANS.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Nicky approaches various people as they pass. (To be shot
dialog: long lense, real people, real reactions.)
scene_heading: INT. POPEYE'S - DAY
text: Nicky gets to the front of the line and tries to get the
text: Cashier to drink. The Cashier yanks his head away and gives
text: Nicky a dirty look. Nicky shrugs and points to the menu,
dialog: ordering some chicken.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: nicky walks up to a homeless man. He thrusts the bottle in
text: his face. To Nicky's surprise, the homeless man gladly takes
text: it and drinks. Nothing happens. Nicky is baffled. He tries
text: to take the flask back, but the man won't let go. Finally he
text: grabs it away from him. The man starts throwing garbage at
text: Nicky as he walks away.
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL PARK ZOO - DAY
text: Beefy is looking around for Nicky. He spots him - inside the
text: polar bear cage. Nicky approaches the bear holding the
text: flask.
scene_heading: INT. HELL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nicky shoots through the firewall, having been killed again.
text: The Gatekeeper is wearing tassels on his boobs.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Bus?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Beast.
text: The Monster laughs.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: (to Monster)
dialog: You like that? You think that's funny?
text: The Gatekeeper swirls his tassels.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: How about that? You like that?
text: The Monster howls with delight.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: Nicky sits on the rocks, beaten and exhausted, eating a
text: Popeye's drumstick.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: All that running and chasing is making
dialog: the sleep thing want to come early.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: I think we have to work on narrowing
dialog: down our list of suspects. Now I'm
dialog: going to go check in with some of my
text: contacts uptown.
text: Beefy hears Nicky's strange terrible snores. He's asleep.
text: Beefy sighs.
speaker_heading: BEEFY (CONT'D)
dialog: Kid's got a lot of evil in him, just
dialog: begging to come out...
text: Beefy walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS CENTRAL PARK LOCATIONS - DAY
text: Nicky snores. Masses of birds fly out of the trees. Nicky
text: snores. Squirrels run out of trees. Nicky snores.
scene_heading: ON WORRIED PEOPLE
text: Staring at Nicky who continues to snore. Two HEAVY-METAL
text: GUYS, JOHN AND PETER, are listening to Danzig and doing a
text: goofy dance. They hear something and turn the music down:
text: it's the distant sound of Nicky's snore.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Sounds like our devil dance actually
dialog: worked this time.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: 'Bout time...
text: Nicky snores. It sounds like "I will eat your hearts." The
text: worried people run away. Nicky snores. Children on the
text: Carousel, going real fast, upset. Nicky snores.
text: Peter and John walk over to a position near Nicky's bench.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: There's our man.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Mr. Sleepyhead must have some major ties
text: to the dark side.
text: A sleazy STREET VENDOR shuffles over towards Nicky. He eyes
text: the flask which is half hanging out of Nicky's pocket.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's with that guy?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Gotta be one of his disciples or
dialog: something.
text: Suddenly, the Vendor grabs the flask (and Nicky's half-eaten
text: drumstick) and runs off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yo, man, I think that devil guy just got
text: ripped off.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Should we wake him up?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. You do it.
text: Peter gets up and shakes Nicky who comes to with a loud
speaker_heading: SNORT.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Rise and shine, devil guy. Some dude
dialog: just stole your shit.
text: Nicky feels for the flask. It's gone.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Oh nooooo....
text: Fire shoots out of Nicky's mouth.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Which way did he go?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That way.
text: Nicky is about to run off. Looks at John's shirt.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Iron Maiden live double disc is simply
dialog: phenomenal.
text: He runs off.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you check out the dragon mouth?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The Dark Prince is here.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - DAY
text: Nicky is searching the street for his flask. He walks past
text: several STREET VENDORS who have set up their wares on the
text: sidewalk. PAUSE. Nicky comes walking back into frame as he
text: sees his flask (and half-eaten drumstick) laying on the
text: blanket of the VENDOR.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey...
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: See something you like, my man?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Yes. I would like my flask back.
text: The street vendor stands, very angry.
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: You callin' me a thief, my man?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No, I'm just calling you... a guy who
dialog: has my flask.
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: And if that is your so-called "flask,"
dialog: how would I have it unless I was, in
dialog: fact, a thief?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (not sure what the answer is)
dialog: I don't know?
text: A YUPPIE JOGGER is checking out the flask.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yeah, how much for the silver flask
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: Well, that's a very special item. The
dialog: cap itself is one hundred percent
dialog: plappium. It's a value is over three
dialog: thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Really. Where's it from?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: It was handcrafted in hell by Satan
dialog: himself and is only to be used for the
dialog: capture and containment of my blood
dialog: brothers so that the firefall of Hades
text: will burn brightly once again.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Really. I think we'll let you keep it
dialog: then.
text: He walks away.
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: Okay, now you gone and done it. You
dialog: done messed with my business bitch!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Sir, I would prefer if you didn't raise
dialog: your voice. It's making my muscles
dialog: tighten.
text: We see that Nicky's eyes are starting to glow red.
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: Oh, you gonna go all crazy eyes on me?
dialog: I'll show you some crazy eyes. Let's
dialog: get busy.
text: The vendor makes an even crazier face at Nicky and starts
text: swinging his fists around.
text: Nearby, VALERIE, an unsure, sweetly unstylish young woman, is
text: selling clothes off a spread out blanket. She notices what's
text: going on.
text: Nicky's eyes widen in panic. Just then, Valerie steps in.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Excuse me, does that flask belong to
dialog: this man?
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Now you callin' me a thief? Damn.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Look, I know you come out here and sell
dialog: stolen stuff all the time. But today,
dialog: the guy you stole from just happened to
dialog: walk by and bust you. So why don't you
dialog: admit today's not your day and give him
dialog: his flask back?
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: Or what're you gonna do about it? Ugly
dialog: me to death?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: No, but maybe that cop over there might
dialog: have something to say.
text: Valerie points to a cop across the street. The Street Vendor
text: ponders this for a second, then...
speaker_heading: STREET VENDOR
dialog: Aw, take your dumb-ass canteen, goofy.
dialog: (looking at Valerie)
dialog: And you, take your raggedy-ass clothes
dialog: and find a new corner. Before I show
dialog: you what real crazy is.
text: The vendor does crazy eyes again.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Fine. I will.
text: Nicky picks up the flask and the drumstick.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey, mister. I'll be seeing you in a
dialog: few years.
text: Valerie gathers her blanket, starts walking away and Nicky
text: follows her.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: That was amazing. Thanks so much. You
dialog: didn't have to do that.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: That's okay. I get messed with all the
dialog: time and when I saw him doing that to
dialog: you I just lost it. I hate when people
dialog: take advantage of tourists. It ruins it
dialog: for the rest of us.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You think I'm a tourist?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: I'm sorry. I just assumed. Your accent
dialog: maybe. Where are you from?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: The South.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Yeah. Deep south.
dialog: (laughs hard)
text: She laughs along with him, not sure why.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Why are you laughing?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I don't know, but I like it. Say. Your
dialog: glasses are nice. They make your eyes
dialog: look sparkly and big. It's fun to look
text: at them.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: My dad's an optometrist.
speaker_heading: NICKY
text: My dad's in hell, and he's falling
dialog: apart.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: I'm sorry. It's really tough when your
dialog: parents get older.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: If I don't save him, I don't know what
dialog: I'm gonna do.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Well, I'm sure a nice southern boy like
dialog: you will figure something out.
text: Nicky is experiencing new sensations as he looks at her. He
text: hands her the half-eaten drumstick.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Here, have a Popeye's. This drumstick
dialog: ain't for beatin' it's for eatin'.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: That's alright. I already ate lunch. I
dialog: actually wouldn't mind getting a Gelati.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Could I come with you to getting a
dialog: Gelati?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: If you want to.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Want to? A million angry octopus people
dialog: couldn't hold me back!
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: "Octopus people?"
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Uh, it's a deep south expression.
text: Nicky laughs.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MOMENTS LATER
text: They exit the ice cream store, eating Gelati.
speaker_heading: NICKY
text: It's freezing my hands.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: It's not that cold. Here, let me wrap
dialog: it.
text: Valerie takes a few napkins and wraps it for Nicky. Just
text: then the PREACHER walks by. He quickly turns his head,
text: sensing Nicky.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Why do you taunt me with your darkness?!
dialog: Your evil is stinking up our streets!
dialog: We're all gonna die!
text: He takes off running right into a lamp post.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: This town is really going to hell
dialog: lately.
dialog: (Nicky nods)
dialog: So what part of the city do you live in?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I have an apartment. I don't remember
dialog: exactly where. My dog knows, though.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You have a dog? What kind?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I'm not sure. I'd ask him, but he's
text: uptown talking to his contacts.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET - DAY
text: Beefy is screwing a female dog from behind.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Remember, it's not the size of the boat,
text: it's the motion of the ocean.
speaker_heading: GIRL DOG
dialog: Just finish.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - VALERIE &amp; NICKY CONTINUOUS - DAY
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: I'd love to have a dog. But I go to
dialog: school full time. It wouldn't be fair
text: to the dog.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: School?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Parsons School of Design. I knew
dialog: growing up I wasn't much to look at, so
dialog: I put my energy into making things that
dialog: are pretty.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What's that pleasant smell coming from,
dialog: your skin?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: My perfume?
text: He takes her wrist to his nose. He stares at it, licks it.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: It's called "Comptoir Sud Pacific."
dialog: Which I think is the French word for
dialog: coconuts.
text: Nicky stops and looks at her.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Valerie, it feels like there's a bunch
text: of butterflies flapping around in my
dialog: stomach. Is that normal?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Sometimes, sure.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Good. I was concerned.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES OF HELL - DAY
text: The Gatekeeper is near the frozen fall. We hear loud
text: wailing, moaning, etc., coming from the other side.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Doesn't sound very good behind there. I
dialog: hope Nicky's kicking some ass on Earth.
text: The Monster is smoking a cigarette and wearing a leather
text: biker's hat. He nods along in agreement.
scene_heading: PAN TO LUCIFER
text: Who's sitting over by a rock fishing in a small pool of
dialog: fire/pond.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: You know, I was the one who created
dialog: Hell.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: I know, your wickedness.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: I started slow, though. For years, I
dialog: was just giving people hot foots.
dialog: Actually, you can give all the credit
dialog: for Hell to my first wife; she was the
dialog: inspiration. She was an ugly one, too.
dialog: One day, she asked me if I wanted super
dialog: sex. I said I'll take the soup.
text: The Monster laughs really hard.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Take it easy there, Chewbacca. In fact,
dialog: you look like her mother, except she had
text: more hair.
text: The Monster laughs even harder.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what was in Hell when I came
dialog: down here, Cassius?
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: It's Stanley, sir.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: Nothing. No mountains. No castles.
text: Looked like a giant parking lot. It
dialog: wasn't even called Hell.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: What was it called, sir.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: Boogerland!
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: That's nice, Grandpa. Why don't you
dialog: just enjoy the fishing?
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: I can't enjoy anything. I go fishing.
dialog: I catch nothing. I go to orgies, I
dialog: catch everything...
text: We hear the Monster laughing again as we PAN DOWN Grandpa's
dialog: fishing line to:
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - DAY
text: We SEE a MINIATURE PEEPER squirming on the fish hook. A
text: giant fanged fish engulfs the Peeper's body. Only his head
text: is sticking out.
speaker_heading: PEEPER
dialog: I deserve this!
scene_heading: EXT. BAR - DOWN THE STREET - DAY
text: Several ELEVEN YEAR-OLDS stumble out, drunk.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: I just stole twenty-five bucks off the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: KID #2
dialog: How many beers did you have?
speaker_heading: KID # 3
text: Eight sips.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: I had five! I'm so wasted.
text: They both high five, throw up and fall. PAN over to ADRIAN
text: sitting on top of a mailbox laughing as he sips from a bottle
text: of PEPPERMINT SCHNAPPS.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: When an adult goes to Hell, that's
dialog: terrific. But when a child goes...
dialog: that's why I'm in this business.
text: Adrian looks across the street and sees Nicky walking with
text: Valerie. He's shocked.
text: Valerie is holding up a pair of drawstring pants from her
dialog: collection.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: So you're saying, make all pants with a
dialog: drawstring, then heavier set gals don't
dialog: have to feel humiliated by telling their
dialog: waist size in front of the whole store?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Basically, yeah.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Wow. Maybe you should make drawstring
text: socks for gals with fat ankles.
text: Valerie laughs.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: You know what's nice about you? You
dialog: just seem happy being yourself. You
dialog: don't try to act cool.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Thanks much. You know what's nice about
dialog: you, Valerie?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: What?
text: Up the street, Adrian's eyes redden. NICKY looks like he's
text: been stunned by something.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Your juicy, heart-shaped ass.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (shocked and confused)
dialog: I...I don't know why I just said that.
dialog: I meant to say that...
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
text: Adrian's eyes flashing.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...I've always wanted to have sex with a
dialog: gross pig. What do you say we go behind
dialog: that dumpster, pull our pants down and
dialog: see what happens?
text: Valerie's very hurt.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: You're a jerk.
text: She turns and walks away. Nicky looks over and sees Adrian.
text: His inner voice speaks to him.
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
speaker_heading: ADRIAN!
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: You shouldn't have come here.
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: Please, get out of my mind!
text: Adrian's eyes flash.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Valerie!
text: She stops and turns. Nicky RAISES his fist to resist
text: Adrian's force. It's too much. His middle finger comes up,
text: giving her the "finger."
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: What the hell's your problem?
text: She runs away crying. Nicky turns to Adrian who's still
text: across the street.
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: Adrian, you gotta come back to Hell.
dialog: Dad's sick.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: He's sick?
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, he needs souls to live. When you
dialog: guys left, you broke the gates. We
dialog: gotta get the gates burning again before
text: he dies.
dialog: Adrian processes this.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: He should have thought of that before he
dialog: denied me my birthright.
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: Well maybe you should go back and talk
text: it over with him.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: How about this? I stay here enjoying my
dialog: Schnapps and you go back.
text: Nicky's body jerks around.
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: Adrian, please...
text: Nicky, fighting control over his body, walks slowly and
text: crazily into the middle of the street where he sees a large
text: truck bearing down on him.
text: JOHN and PETER get blood splattered on them. Peter looks
text: down to see the "666" forms in blood on their clothes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Check this out. The number of the
dialog: beast.
text: They laugh and hi-five.
scene_heading: ON THE TV - DAY
scene_heading: INT. CBS EVENING NEWS PROGRAM
text: Dan Rather speaks to the camera. Over his shoulder we see a
text: graphic of the Arch-Decon's face. NOTE (Arch-Decon is a made
text: up religious figure that appeared earlier in the script.)
speaker_heading: DAN RATHER
dialog: Reverberations from Arch-Decon
text: Donnelly's shocking speech are still
dialog: being felt throughout the city. Today,
text: some disgruntled cast members of the
text: play CATS broke the fourth wall in a
dialog: most hostile manner.
speaker_heading: VIDEO FOOTAGE
text: A few CATS are down in the aisle physically pushing around
text: shocked audience members.
scene_heading: BACK ON DAN RATHER
speaker_heading: DAN RATHER
dialog: ...But even that does not come close to
dialog: what happened today on Live with Regis
dialog: and Kathy Lee.
speaker_heading: VIDEO FOOTAGE
text: The set of Regis and Kathy Lee.
speaker_heading: REGIS
dialog: So I was driving to work today, and some
dialog: bozo in a Cadillac cut me off...
speaker_heading: KATHY LEE
dialog: Oh, that's terrible, Reege...
speaker_heading: REGIS
dialog: So I followed him...
speaker_heading: KATHY LEE
dialog: You followed him?
speaker_heading: REGIS
dialog: I followed him all the way downtown, and
text: when he gets out of the car, I reach
text: under my seat and pull out an aluminum
dialog: bat.
speaker_heading: KATHY LEE
dialog: You keep a bat under your seat?
speaker_heading: REGIS
dialog: Recently, yes! So I run up behind this
text: guy, and start bashing his brains in
dialog: with this bat, and it made me feel
dialog: happy! Did you ever see THE
dialog: UNTOUCHABLES?
speaker_heading: KATHY LEE
dialog: Yes, great movie...
speaker_heading: REGIS
dialog: I was DeNiro!
text: The blue haired lady AUDIENCE is crying. The TV turns off.
text: We PULL BACK to see that we are in.
scene_heading: INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Beefy turns to Nicky.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Your brothers are upsetting the balance
dialog: of good and evil.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What can I do about it?
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: You can't do jack shit... unless you
dialog: learn your evil powers.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Nobody's as evil as my brothers. Those
dialog: dudes put the wick in wicked.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Go get a soda out of the fridge.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: But those are my roommate's sodas...
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: (high-pitched mocking)
dialog: "But those are my roommate's sodas..."
dialog: Does that sound like a statement the son
dialog: of the devil would make?
text: Nicky, ashamed, gets a Coke out of the fridge and places it
text: on the coffee table. He and Beefy sit on the couch and stare
dialog: at the Coke.
speaker_heading: BEEFY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have the power to change the cola in
dialog: that can into any other liquid - engine
dialog: oil, bat's blood, moose piss. You just
dialog: have to release the evil within you.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Release the evil?
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: I'm just saying, there's wickedness in
dialog: you... I can tell from your snores.
text: Nicky stares at the can.
speaker_heading: BEEFY (CONT'D)
dialog: Release your evil...
text: Nicky frowns and bites his lip. The can rattles a little.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Todd is standing in the doorway. Beefy runs to the fire
dialog: escape.
scene_heading: *******************
speaker_heading: TODD (CONT'D)
dialog: I know it's your living room night. But
dialog: can I finish watching the Globetrotters'
dialog: game out here? To me it's classic
dialog: Comedia Dellarte.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: The TV clicks on. We see TODD sit down and look at the TV.
text: Nicky's behind him.
speaker_heading: ON TV
scene_heading: INT. BASKETBALL ARENA - DAY
speaker_heading: BILL WALTON
dialog: What an odd game, folks. The powerhouse
dialog: 85-0 Harlem Globetrotters, who normal
text: run circles around the 0-85 Nationals,
text: seem to be struggling to find their
text: groove in front of their hometown fans.
text: A Globetrotter makes a fancy pass to another player, who
text: makes a fancy pass to CORNROWS who starts doing some VINTAGE
text: GLOBETROTTERS FANCY DRIBBLING. The REF blows the whistle and
text: makes the travelling signal.
speaker_heading: REF
dialog: He's walking, get him a bus!
speaker_heading: BILL WALTON
dialog: Oh, another awful call. There is no way
dialog: that was travelling.
text: Ref takes ball from Cornrows, who gets in the Ref's face.
speaker_heading: CORNROWS
dialog: What's with all these crazy calls? You
dialog: gotta watch that shit, we haven't lost a
dialog: game in 53 years.
speaker_heading: REF
dialog: Technical foul!
text: Ref snaps just like Cassius in the players' face.
scene_heading: ON TODD AND NICKY
speaker_heading: NICKY
text: That guy in the striped shirt snaps his
dialog: fingers like someone I know...
speaker_heading: ON TV
text: The ref mind wrestles four globetrotters to simultaneously
text: slam their heads on the scorers table again and again.
scene_heading: ON TODD AND NICKY
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
text: It looks like the work of a brother...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: A black guy?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: If it's Cassius, yes.
text: Nicky races for the door.
scene_heading: INT. BASKETBALL ARENA - DAY
text: As the ref taunts the crowd, a fan wearing a Globetrotter's
text: shirt yells out.
speaker_heading: GLOBETROTTER FAN
dialog: Get your head out your ass, ref! The
text: kids came to see the Globetrotters win.
speaker_heading: REF
dialog: Oh, so you wanna lip off to me?
dialog: Unsportsmanlike conduct on the big mouth
text: in the Globetrotter's shirt. Take ten
text: points off for the Globetrotters.
text: The Globetrotter's score on the board goes from 46 to 36.
speaker_heading: ON STANDS
text: The KIDS are crying.
speaker_heading: ON COURT
text: The halftime buzzer sounds. The Globetrotters walk off the
text: court. The crowd BOOS.
speaker_heading: BILL WALTON
dialog: In all my years of basketball, I was
dialog: never so happy to hear a halftime
dialog: buzzer. Folk, I'm afraid if the second
dialog: half doesn't get any better, I expect a
text: full scale riot.
text: A spotlight points to an announcer at mid-court.
scene_heading: COURT ANNOUNCER
dialog: It's time for the Globetrotter's
text: halftime half-court heave throw, where
dialog: one lucky fan will have a shot at ten
dialog: thousand dollars!
text: A brick lands at the announcer's feet.
speaker_heading: COURT ANNOUNCER (CONT'D)
dialog: And if he makes it, everyone in
dialog: attendance today will receive a free
dialog: pizza.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS
text: MIGUEL, wearing a big basketball jersey, looks nervous. He
text: has a pass on.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I ain't goin' out there and taking the
dialog: shot. These people have gone crazy.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I'll take the shot.
scene_heading: INT. BASKETBALL ARENA STANDS - CONTINUOUS
text: As Nicky runs out on the court, Peter turns to John.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Look who's back from the dead.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Six, six, six, pick up sticks.
text: They high-five. The only happy fans in their section.
scene_heading: INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Todd's baffled, looking at his roommate on TV. Beefy is
text: watching from the fire escape.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What's Nicky doing down there?
speaker_heading: BEEFY
text: Trying to capture his brother in a flask
dialog: and preserve the balance of good and
dialog: evil on Earth.
text: Todd looks over, suspicious.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Did you just talk?
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: INT. BASKETBALL ARENA - CONTINUOUS
text: The court announcer covers his mic and whispers to Nicky.
scene_heading: COURT ANNOUNCER
dialog: You better win these people some free
text: pizza. Looks like they're about to
text: start killing each other.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: A BUSINESSMAN pushes a very old SODA GUY down an aisle of
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: COURTSIDE
text: The court announcer hands Nicky the ball. He looks at it.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Release the evil.
text: His eyes get red. Staring at the ball, it explodes.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, too much evil..
text: Bill Walton's hair is on fire.
speaker_heading: BILL WALTON
dialog: I think that ball just blew up. And
dialog: yes, my hair is aflame.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (turning to sideline)
dialog: Could I get another ball?
text: The court announcer throws out another ball. Nicky stares at
text: it again with red eyes.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I command you not to blow up and go into
dialog: that metal circle.
text: Nicky throws an underhand shot. The ball arcs through the
text: air and is about to go in when the ref comes out of nowhere
text: and swats it away.
speaker_heading: REF
dialog: Get that crap outta here!
text: The crowd BOOS! Nicky and the ref stare at each other.
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: I know you're having fun, Cassius, but
dialog: you gotta come back to Hell.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: Look around you, Nicky. We're in Hell.
dialog: The New Hell.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: We see FITZIE, sitting between TWO PREGNANT WOMEN, raising
text: the roof.
speaker_heading: COURTSIDE
text: As the crowd BOOS, Nicky runs over and grabs the microphone.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Listen up, New York. Your souls are in
dialog: great danger...
text: Nicky gets hit by a hot dog.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, how about this? I get one more
dialog: shot. The ref will cover me. I miss
text: it, the Globetrotters forfeit the game.
dialog: I make it, he doesn't ref the second
dialog: half and we all start conducting
dialog: ourselves like decent human beings
dialog: again.
text: The crowd is silent.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: And we get free pizza.
text: The crowd roars.
scene_heading: INT. ANNOUNCING BOOTH - CONTINUOUS
text: Bill Walton's hair is now burnt looking.
speaker_heading: BILL WALTON
dialog: I think it's safe to say we're all
dialog: rooting for this bizarre and hideous
text: looking man.
text: Bill Walton reaches over to an old lady sitting near him. He
text: takes off her wig, leaving behind her bald head, and puts her
text: wig on his head in order to cover his burnt hair.
text: The crowd starts YELLING.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Nicky! Nicky! Nicky!
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: John and Peter are yelling the loudest.
speaker_heading: COURTSIDE
text: The ref walks to half-court and hands Nicky the ball.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You know, Dad got very sick when you
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: REF
dialog: I heard. I'm glad he's dying. It's my
dialog: turn now.
text: Nicky's eyes get red, he starts dribbling.
scene_heading: INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Beefy is watching, transfixed.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Take him to the hole, Nicky.
dialog: (Todd stares)
dialog: I mean, woof! Woof!
text: Todd looks at Beefy, terrified.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL
text: We see CORNROWS and some other Globetrotters are coming back
text: from the locker room. They stop to watch.
scene_heading: INT. BASKETBALL COURT - MIDCOURT - CONTINUOUS
text: Nicky pushes the ball up the court while the ref plays
text: extremely tight defense. Nicky fakes one way, then heads
text: toward the basket. The ref stays tight. Nicky's eyes are
text: redder than ever. He fakes left, he fakes right. He
text: dribbles behind the back, dribbles between the legs, then
text: takes his momentum up toward the basket. He jumps from the
text: foul line and flies through the air. He emits a crazy, blood
text: curdling, devil yell.
text: CUT AWAY DURING DEVIL YELL TO:
speaker_heading: SHOT CLOCK
text: It reads: 666.
text: Popcorn and sodas EXPLODE.
text: Cornrow's cornrows POP open into a GIANT AFRO.
scene_heading: BACK ON NICKY
text: Nicky's head starts turning and does a 360 (like the
text: Exorcist). He ends his flight by slamming down a thunderous
text: dunk, cracking the backboard's glass into pieces. He hits
text: the ref on the way down. The crowd CHEERS, finally happy
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Never doubt my skills.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CORNROWS
dialog: Damn, I gotta learn how to do that.
speaker_heading: MID-COURT
text: Nicky sees the ref is lying on the basketball arena floor,
text: covered in glass. He gets up slowly
speaker_heading: REF
dialog: That's nuts. When'd you learn that
dialog: shit?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Sorry, Cassius. Maybe it was the super
dialog: devil juice Dad gave me. HE thought I
dialog: might need it for just such an occasion.
speaker_heading: REGIS
dialog: Super devil juice? Give it over. Let's
dialog: go best two out of three.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (pulls out the flask)
dialog: No. No way. Dad said it was only for
dialog: me.
text: The ref rips the flask from Nicky and drinks.
text: Cassius screams like bloody hell as he is sucked out of the
text: ref's mouth and into the bottle. WHOOSH! The ref slumps to
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: Still quiet until John and Peter rush to Nicky and bow.
speaker_heading: COURTSIDE
text: Nicky peers into the flask.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: Damn you, Nicky! There ain't no super
dialog: devil juice in here!
text: Nicky caps the flask. Nicky waves to the stunned, but
text: appreciative crowd.
scene_heading: INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A homemade cake is laid out. It reads: CONGRATULATIONS,
text: NICKY. JOHN, TODD, PETER AND BEEFY are there.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: So your father's the devil, you're a
dialog: talking dog sent from Hell, and you guys
dialog: are who?
speaker_heading: PEEPER
dialog: Just a couple of big fans of Nicky and
dialog: the work his Dad does.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: By the way, Nicky. Check this out.
text: He spins his Black Sabbath backwards.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: What's Ozzy trying to say there?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Absolutely nothing. The Blizzard always
dialog: came straight with his messages. But
dialog: wrap your minds around this one.
text: Nicky gets up and we see his is sitting on a hibachi. He pus
text: on a James Taylor album and plays it backwards.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I command you in the name of the Lucifer
dialog: to spread the blood of the innocent.
text: John and Peter look at each other, shocked.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No wonder your uncle's so weird...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I gotta say this cake tastes a little
dialog: funny.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh, I dumped a fat sack of reefer in the
text: mix. Tried to spice up the bash.
text: Nicky takes a big bite of cake.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What's reefer?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - LATER
text: PAN UP from Popeye's laying everywhere. Everyone's laughing
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on. One more time.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Not again, fellas. It kind of hurts.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Please. You got to.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: All right...
text: Nicky loosens up his neck and makes his head go around 360
text: degrees. Everyone cracks up, high fives. Even Todd LAUGHS.
text: PAN OVER to Beefy, who has bloodshot eyes.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: I used to get baked like this with my
dialog: first girlfriend, Heather. We'd get so
dialog: stoned she would forget I was a dog.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She was human?
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Actually, she was a sewer rat. Man,
dialog: that pissed my parents off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I dated a Japanese girl once. My
dialog: parents disapproved. Not cause she's
dialog: Japanese, but cause she was only
dialog: fifteen.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I'm only fifteen...thousand years old.
text: Everyone cracks up.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I was in love one time but she said I
dialog: wasn't financially reliable enough. And
dialog: she needed that.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: By she, do you mean he?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
text: Busted.
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How you feelin' over there, Satan Abdul
dialog: Jabar?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: A little strange. I can't stop thinking
dialog: about this girl, Valerie.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Why? Did she hurt you? Do you miss
dialog: her? Need a shoulder to cry on?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Easy, Liberace.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh, would you grow up.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: We had the greatest afternoon of my life
dialog: until Adrian made me tell her she had a
text: heart-shaped ass.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Maybe you love her. But what do I know?
text: I'm baked out of my mind.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Me, too. We're gonna get going.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You guys want to stay? I have a futon
dialog: in my bedroom.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's a big pass, Elton John.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We're going to see Ozzy play at the
dialog: Meadowlands, right now. Wanna come,
dialog: Nicky?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No thanks. I'm afraid I wouldn't be
dialog: able to give Ozzy the focus he deserves.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Whoa, that chick must be the real deal,
dialog: then. Later on.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: See ya, fellas.
text: They leave.
speaker_heading: BEEFY (O.S.)
dialog: You better snap out of it soon, kid.
dialog: Cause we're going after Adrian tomorrow.
text: Seven AM. Nighty, night.
text: He falls asleep and starts snoring. We hear the SOUND of
text: THREE LITTLE GIRLS singing "Ring Around The Rosie" as he
text: exhales.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: That is the most frightening thing I
dialog: have ever seen.
text: Nicky stands and moves to the window. He looks out longingly
text: over the sleeping city... achingly. RACK FOCUS behind him,
text: we see Todd nodding encouragingly in the reflection.
speaker_heading: NICKY
text: Todd. Which way to the Parson's School
dialog: of Design?
scene_heading: EXT. PARSON'S SCHOOL OF DESIGN - NIGHT
text: Nicky walks around the corner.
scene_heading: SIGN READS: "Parson's School - Student Housing"
text: Nicky is standing in front of the dorm rooms. He looks up.
text: Scanning the windows, he picks up a scent.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (he sniffs)
dialog: Coconuts...
text: Nicky goes to the fire escape and starts to climb. His nose
text: leads him. He reaches the window, sniffing heavily.
scene_heading: INT. DORM ROOM WINDOW - CONTINUOUS
text: A STUDENT is standing in the window draped in silks, feeling
text: his nipples with his legs crossed like the guy in "Silence of
text: the Lambs." The student is startled.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You smell like coconuts.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: It's "Comptoir Sud Pacific." Makes me
dialog: feel like a hula girl. Which is kinda
dialog: what I'm going for. Wanna come in?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No thanks. I'm looking for a girl named
text: Valerie who also smells like coconuts.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Valerie Doran? Two floors up, one
text: window over.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Thanks, much. Good luck with the
text: genital tucking.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: I don't need luck. I'm good.
text: Nicky floats away. A few seconds later, he floats back,
text: holding up the flask.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Adrian?
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Andrew.
text: Nicky nods and floats off.
scene_heading: EXT. VALERIE'S WINDOW - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nicky crouches outside her window and peers in.
scene_heading: INT. VALERIE'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Cool music. She is up late. Working by candlelight on a
text: fantastic design. Something's not working. She drapes a
text: beautiful fabric over another. She smiles at the
text: combination. She is happy being creative. Nicky feels his
text: heart swell as he watches her.
speaker_heading: ON NICKY
text: He's so enraptured he leans forward trying to kiss her. His
text: head bumps the window. She turns, startled. She sees the
text: beaming Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Nicky? Oh my G-d. Stay right there.
text: Pause. Valerie opens the window and sprays a can of mace
text: right in Nicky's face.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Oh that stings! My eyes are on fire!
text: Nicky stands up and stumbles around.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: What were you thinking coming here?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I'm not sure, but it didn't involve
text: getting blinded with poison.
text: He bounces off the front rail, stumbles backward and goes
text: flying over the back rail.
scene_heading: EXT. VALERIE'S STREET - NIGHT
text: We see Nicky hurtling toward the street. Holding his eyes.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Oh my G-d, I'm so sorry!
text: Suddenly he stops. Suspended above ground. Valerie doesn't
text: hear the expected thud.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nicky?
text: He floats up, but he can't see.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Valerie?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Are you dead?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I think I'm floating.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Why would you be floating?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I don't know. Maybe it's because of
dialog: your sweet voice.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Am I supposed to not be freaked out
dialog: right now? Because I am.
text: He's floating up. He slows down.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I can't see you but I can smell you.
dialog: And you make me feel alive in a way I've
dialog: never felt before.
text: CUT TO REVEAL he's floating outside the student's window.
text: The student's dripping candle wax on his belly.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: You got the wrong window again, man.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Oh. Sorry, Andrew. Valerie?
text: Nicky resumes floating up.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: I'm over here, Nicky! To the left.
text: Nicky is parallel with her. He hovers in front of her, eyes
text: still watering. She punches Nicky in the face, and he flies
text: back ten feet.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, just because you're floating
dialog: doesn't mean I'm gonna forget about you
dialog: giving me the finger.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: That wasn't me. I was being possessed
dialog: by my brother, Adrian. He's the one who
dialog: call you a gross pig.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: What do you mean, "possessed?"
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Remember when I told you my Dad was in
dialog: Hell?
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Well, that's because he's the Devil.
dialog: And he wants to keep his throne for
dialog: another ten-thousand years. Which is
dialog: fine with me, but not with my brothers,
dialog: so they broke out of Hell, causing my
dialog: dad...
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: ... "The Devil?"...
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: ...to decompose. And I love my Dad
dialog: very much. So I came to Earth to save
dialog: him but then crazy eyes stole my flask
dialog: and I met you and...well, my dog tells
dialog: me I just might be in love with you.
text: His vision is clearing and he can start to see her. She is
text: totally in shock but still here.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Okay, now I get that "deep south" joke.
text: Nicky laughs. Valerie joins in.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know if I should believe you.
text: Nicky starts to drop.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You gotta believe me. You gotta believe
dialog: in the butterflies.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Okay, I do. Get back up here.
text: He floats up to her holding out his hand. Nervously, she
text: takes his hand and suddenly she is lifting off and they are
dialog: flying.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - SKY - NIGHT
text: They fly past the EMPIRE STATE BUILDING.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: This is amazing.
text: They soar past some more buildings.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The preacher sense something. He looks to the sky, then
text: holds the cross from around his neck as high as he can.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
text: The hellbeast is above us. He's
dialog: invading our skies! We're all gonna
dialog: die! We're all gonna die!
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - NIGHT
speaker_heading: VALERIE
text: He's kind of ruining the mood.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Let me take care of that.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The preacher is still angrily shouting towards the sky.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: We're all gonna die!
text: A fire hydrant cap turns and comes off. A powerful blast of
text: water shoots out and hits the preacher, KNOCKING him across
text: the street into a plate glass window.
scene_heading: EXT. NYC SKY - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Can we go fly over Central Park?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Next time. Tonight, I want to share the
dialog: most beautiful thing I could possibly
dialog: imagine.
scene_heading: EXT. OVER THE HUDSON RIVER - NIGHT
text: They fly over it, away from NYC.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: We're going to Jersey?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: East Rutherford.
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOWLANDS - NIGHT
text: They float high above the Meadowlands. There is an outdoor
text: concert going on. OZZFEST.
text: We hear the Ozz on stage in his encore. He is singing "Mr.
text: Crowley." Nicky turns to Valerie.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I never thought I'd ever see Ozzy live
dialog: until he was dead.
dialog: (he looks at her)
dialog: Please tell me you like metal.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: (sings along to song)
dialog: "Mister Crowley, what's inside of your
dialog: head..."
text: Nicky's jaw drops as he stares at her.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: My dog was right. I'm in love with you.
text: They slow dance tighter. The music swells. John and Peter
text: look up from their seats far below. Nicky sees them while
text: he's holding her tight. They give thumbs up.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - MORNING
text: Feeling great. Spring in his step, we see Nicky walking down
dialog: the street.
text: He stops and smells some flowers at a Korean Tommet. The
text: KOREANS point and seem agitated by him. Nicky gives them a
text: friendly wave.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (in Korean)
dialog: Moo ya san jie bay!
text: The Koreans just glare. Nicky's confused.
speaker_heading: MUSIC CUE:
text: A dissonant, nervous score accompanies the rest of the
dialog: sequence.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A NUT VENDOR leaves his cart and starts following. Nicky
text: looks back a little, unnerved. A TAXI screeches in front of
text: him. The DRIVER gets out and goes after him.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A group of school girls in uniform break loose from their
text: teacher and start chasing Nicky.
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE STOOP - DAY
text: A gigantically fat guy sees Nicky run by. He thinks about
text: going after him but decides not to and takes a big bite of a
text: candy bar instead.
scene_heading: EXT. BASKETBALL COURT - DAY
text: Ten guys playing wheelchair basketball see Nicky. They point
text: and start wheeling after him.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLY STREET - DAY
text: Nicky is putting some distance between him and the mob.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What's going on here?
text: But when he heads downhill, the GUYS IN WHEELCHAIRS start to
text: catch up. They get closer and closer until... Nicky makes a
text: last second right turn into an alley. The wheelchairs can't
text: slow down and crash into a double decker tourist BUS at the
text: bottom of the street. The TOURIST on the top level look over
text: the edge to see the crash.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Nicky is panicking, out of breath. A BUM (RADIOMAN) rises up
text: out of his cardboard box. The bum raises his bottle and
text: thunks Nicky on the head. It doesn't break.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Ow...what was that for?
speaker_heading: BUM
dialog: Fifty million dollars.
text: The bum holds up a NEW YORK POST. It reads "MONSTER WANTED!"
text: And has a picture of Nicky. Nicky is shocked.
text: Nicky turns to run out of the alley, but the mob is there
text: blocking the entrance. He's trapped. They start running
text: right at him. He closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Release the evil.
text: Nicky's body splits into about five-hundred horrifying
text: insects, all with a miniature NICKY HEAD.
text: The Nickysects run right at the crowd, and the crows
text: immediately starts running the other way, completely freaked
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Beefy and Todd are watching TV. They look over to see the
text: insects scurry under the front door and morph back into one
text: exhausted Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I seem to be in trouble, Beefy.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: The shit has hit the fan, kid. Take a
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Been breaking all morning.
scene_heading: ON THE TV - DAY
text: We see Dan Rather addressing the camera.
speaker_heading: DAN RATHER
dialog: At a news conference earlier today,
dialog: Chief of Police Andy Shaifer gave this
dialog: beleaguered city its latest dose of bad
dialog: news. He revealed that the man who
dialog: caused a sensation at basketball arena
dialog: last night is no hero... he is, in fact,
text: a mass murderer.
text: We see the chief of police behind a bunch of mics. He's
text: holding up a picture of Nicky taken at the Basketball arena.
scene_heading: INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Nicky's outraged.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I didn't murder anybody
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Look. You were really high. Things
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I was with Valerie, I swear. This is
dialog: Adrian's work. I've got to find him.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: I think you're looking at him.
scene_heading: ON THE TV - DAY
text: We reveal that the chief is standing on a grilled-cheese
dialog: press to keep him warm.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: (on TV)
text: This video shows what he did after he
dialog: left the basketball arena yesterday...
scene_heading: ON THE VIDEOTAPE - DAY
text: Scarface shooting his AK-47. Nicky's face has been crudely
text: superimposed over his.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (Adrian's voice)
dialog: My name's Nicky, and I'm gonna kill all
dialog: you suckers for no reason!
text: CUT TO FOOTAGE on "SCARFACE"
speaker_heading: ON TV - DAY
text: The Chief shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: Difficult to watch, I know. In response
dialog: to this vicious crime, I am authorizing
dialog: the largest reward in law enforcement
dialog: history: fifty million dollars to the
dialog: person or persons who bring this man to
dialog: me.
scene_heading: INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Nicky stands outraged.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: This is baloney!
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: He superimposed your head onto
dialog: "Scarface."
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: ...which is by far DePalma's best
dialog: work...
text: A LOUD KNOCKING AT THE DOOR
text: The pounding increases.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I'm not Nicky. I'm not home! I don't
dialog: live here!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Dude, it's us. Let us in.
text: Nicky opens the door. Peter and John stumble in.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: There's like a total mob scene coming
dialog: this way.
text: We hear VOICES of an approaching crowd coming outside.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I thought for sure I gave 'em the slip.
text: Todd i s looking out the window.
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Looks like they're following a giant
dialog: trail of bug shit.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What'll we do now, Beefy?
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: I don't know, this is a little out of my
dialog: league.
scene_heading: VOICES GROW LOUDER.
speaker_heading: VOICES (O.S.)
dialog: Come on. Let's get 'em.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What would your dad do, Nicky?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Good idea...kill me.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Dude. Seriously?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Yes. I'll meet you at Grand Central at
dialog: noon. Okay. Do me. I command you.
speaker_heading: JOHN AND PETER
dialog: (psyched)
dialog: Alright!
text: John takes Nicky's head and slams it hard into the kitchen
text: counter. Nicky is dazed.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: That just hurt a lot.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I've always wanted to kill someone. Can
dialog: I do it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look at Queen Latifah steppin' up.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Nicky is in the bathtub being angrily drowned by Todd. John
text: and Peter watch happily.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Die, Grandma, die!
text: Nicky's arm comes out with a thumbs up. Pause. The hand
text: drops back in. He's dead.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - LATER
text: Start on a CLOSE UP of Lucifer. He's holding cards, looking
text: at his hand.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: Royal flush, you lose. Off with the
dialog: bra.
text: The Demons and Gatekeeper are sitting around playing strip
text: poker. The Gatekeeper takes off his bra. From behind, we
text: see his breasts flop out.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Last time I saw a pair of jugs that big,
text: two hillbillies were blowing on them.
text: The Gatekeeper throws his hand down and storms out. The
text: Monster laughs uproariously. Nicky enters and moves to
text: what's left of his dad. Arms, torso, and a head (with one
dialog: ear).
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Dad, Adrian's got the whole city after
dialog: me. He's always a step ahead. What am
dialog: I gonna do?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: What are you gonna do? Look at me,
dialog: Nicky! I got no legs, I got no hips, I
dialog: got one ear...
text: Dad's remaining ear falls out.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: I got no ears! I can't hear!
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Now he's got no ears! You happy, Nicky?
dialog: Your father's got no ears!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Uh, I'll do my best, Dad. Do you have
dialog: any advice at all for me?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I can't hear you, Nicky. I can't hear
dialog: anything!
text: Jimmy picks up the ear. Jimmy speaks into it.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Check one-two. Check one-two.
speaker_heading: DAD
text: Put it back on my head. I'm falling
dialog: apart here.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: He's got 'til midnight tonight, Nicky.
dialog: (putting ear back on Dad)
dialog: You get your ass back up there. You
dialog: save your father!
text: Nicky looks very upset.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - DAY
text: We see John and Peter enter frame. Looking very nervous.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You sure you're down with this?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Little nervous. Wanna puke.
text: They approach the cops guarding the door.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
text: Looking for the chief.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We know where to find Nicky.
text: COPS grab John &amp; Peter and drag them inside.
scene_heading: INT. CHIEF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Surrounded by prostitutes and criminals in a very hot room,
text: the chief of police puts down his bottle of PEPPERMINT
text: SCHNAPPS, stands up and looks at the two idiots.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: You have what I want?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sure do. You got what we want?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Fifty million bones, bro.
text: He nods to a DEPUTY who gives them a briefcase of money.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: That's half of it. You get the rest
dialog: when I get Nicky.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Excellent. But I gotta warn you, man.
dialog: He's not human.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We think he's the son of Satan.
text: PAUSE. The chief LAUGHS, then everyone else does. He walks
text: over and picks them up by their throats.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: Well, then I guess I'll have to be extra
dialog: careful. Now where is he?
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - DAY
text: We see the BIG CLOCK on the wall. FIVE minutes til NOON. We
text: see JOHN and PETER (with the briefcase) walking into GRAND
text: CENTRAL with the chief and twenty-five NYC cops. The chief
text: bumps into a filthy bag lady drinking out of paper sack.
speaker_heading: BAG LADY
dialog: Hey, watch it! Who do you think you
dialog: are?
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: (never stopping)
dialog: Emperor of the New Hell.
text: They march through onto the platform for Track 33.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION PLATFORM - DAY
text: We see Beefy and Todd waiting by the place where Nicky
text: usually comes up. It is hot down there. Steam and smoke
text: comes out of the tunnels. Todd is nervous.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Where is he? He's late.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: He'll be here. Just keep your cool,
dialog: kid.
text: They hear FOOTSTEPS. They turn and see the chief of police
text: backed up by the huge police force.
speaker_heading: BEEFY (CONT'D)
dialog: We've been ratted out.
text: Beefy and Todd turn to see John and Peter looking sheepish.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You guys. That was so uncool.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We thought the son of Satan would
dialog: understand a move like this.
text: Peter and John high-five.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: Okay, take these two outside. I can
dialog: handle this.
text: The police grab Todd and put a leash on Beefy. The cops lead
text: their prisoners away down the tunnel, leaving John and Peter
text: alone with the chief.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wanna see something cool?
text: The chief inserts a finger into his nostril. Then he fits
text: his hand up there. Soon his whole arm is up his nostril as
text: he searches for something. John and Peter are impressed.
text: The chief grabs something and starts to pull. Then out of
text: his nose comes Adrian, who fully forms as the shell of the
text: chief's body slumps to the ground.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Ta-da. So what time is my brother
dialog: expected back?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Noon...
text: They look at the clock. It's noon.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: ...ish.
text: Peter is sweating, kinda nervous.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So even though you're not really the
dialog: chief, we still get the rest of the
dialog: cash, right bro?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: You know what you'll get? An
text: indescribably horrific torture
dialog: administered by demons for the rest of
dialog: eternity.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But what about the cash? Can we keep it
dialog: or what?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Sure, why not?
text: They high five. Adrian smiles and waits. It is real hot
text: down there. We hear a train coming in the distance. A fan
text: circles slowly. They all wait for him.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: (mumbling to herself)
dialog: Food stamps?
dialog: They should call 'em "dude stamps."
dialog: Cause ever time I get one, some dude
dialog: takes it away...
text: We see the HOMELESS LADY down the platform stumbling her way
text: towards them, drunk. Adrian scowls at her.
speaker_heading: LADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, studs. I'll let you make out with
dialog: me for a dollar!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No thanks...but we'll take that bottle
text: of booze.
text: (grabs the bottle, laughs)
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Hey...that's mine.
text: Peter pushes her away.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Beat it, ya freak.
text: John and Peter high five and John swigs from the bag.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Schnapps...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (takes the bag, swigs)
dialog: Peppermint...alright.
text: Adrian raises his eyebrows. We see that the homeless lady is
text: actually VALERIE in disguise. She looks back, tense. John
text: offers Adrian the flask.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Wanna hit?
text: Hands it to him. He takes it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Drink up. Here's to fifty million
text: clams.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: To the defilement of Earth and the
dialog: corruption of its people.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Whatever. Knock it back, grab Nicky and
dialog: let's get outta this hell-hole.
text: Adrian smiles at John, then raises the bag. He stops just
text: before it hits his lips. He looks at John curiously.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: It is awfully hot down here. How do you
dialog: manage to stay so cool?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Weed lowers the body temperature.
dialog: (stuttering)
dialog: I read that...in, uh...er, science
dialog: magazine.
text: Adrian stares at John. He raises the bag again.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: This liquid will probably quench my
dialog: thirst. Cool me off.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Definitely.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And give you a good buzz.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Or maybe it will trap me inside for all
dialog: eternity.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Uh. No it won't?
text: John starts to tremble a bit.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Oh, Nicky, I've missed you. Come on out
dialog: and say hello...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Urr...uggg...errr...
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: (eyes getting red)
dialog: I'm calling you out, brother...
text: Adrian is mentally pulling Nicky out of John. Nicky/John
text: wages an epic battle with himself as Adrian smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHN/NICKY
dialog: Urrr...uggh...
dialog: (as Nicky)
dialog: Oww. Adrian, this is very painful.
text: Nicky comes flying out. John's body slumps to the floor next
text: to the chief's. Adrian looks in the "Schnapps bottle" to see
text: the flask wrapped in paper. He peeks inside.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Hello, Cassius.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: All right. Let me out.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: You know, New Hell really only needs one
dialog: new Satan.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: You mother...
text: Adrian hands Nicky the flask.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: But Cassius could use some company for
dialog: the rest of eternity. So get in the
text: flask.
text: He puts the Flask in Nicky's hands.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - PAVILLION - MOMENTS LATER
text: The police are escorting Beefy and Todd through the terminal.
text: Beefy starts whining and stops. The cops look down. Beefy
text: raises his leg.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Oh, he's gotta pee.
text: A thick, yellow smoke shoots out of Beefy, enveloping the
text: group. Beefy escapes and bolts back down stairs.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Run, Beefy! Run!
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION PLATFORM - CONTINUOUS
text: Adrian stares down Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I won't drink. You can't make me.
text: Adrian looks over at Valerie. Suddenly she comes flying over
text: to him. He grabs her by the throat.
text: We hear a train coming in the distance.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Of course I can. Drink or she dies.
dialog: (Nicky is scared)
dialog: Unlike you, she won't come back from
dialog: where she's going.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Let her go.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
text: I hear a train coming. Drink.
text: The train sound is coming CLOSER. Valerie looks at Nicky.
text: Nicky raises the flash to drink.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Don't do it.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I have to, Valerie.
text: We see Beefy skid to a stop, raise his leg and a full size
text: archery arrow shoots out of his penis and tracks right into
speaker_heading: ADRIAN'S LEG.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Ahhh!
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Now that hurt the both of us.
text: Valerie is able to escape momentarily. Adrian reaches for
text: her, grabbing her. They both spin and fall down onto the
text: tracks. Right into the oncoming train.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Valerie!!!
text: Nicky leaps down onto the tracks, wrestles Valerie away from
text: Adrian and tosses her off the tracks. Adrian looks at Nicky.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: See you in Hell!
text: WHAMM! The train comes by, hitting both Adrian and Nicky.
scene_heading: INT. HELL GATES - CONTINUOUS
text: Adrian comes flying through the solid firefall into Hell. He
text: looks around. Confused, there's no Nicky.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEAUTIFUL FIELD - DAY
text: Nicky is lying in a huge field of tall, very green grass. He
text: sits up, and feels his face to make sure it's all there.
text: Nicky looks around, alarmed. He seems to be in a mountain
text: vale, maybe in the foothills of the Alps. It's gorgeous.
text: Off in the distance, floating in the air, is a giant birthday
text: cake. Nicky stands up and the cottage seems to be floating
text: down to him.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRTHDAY CAKE - DAY
text: The cake lands softly in front of him, the door ajar. After
text: a moment's hesitation, Nicky goes in.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHDAY CAKE - CONTINUOUS
text: Nicky enters the cake to find ANGEL and two friends: JENNA
text: and CHRISTA. They are doing arts and crafts sort of things
text: on a glass table in front of them. They stare at him. Angel
text: rises.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Oh. My. G-d. I can't believe you're
dialog: here. Welcome. Can I just tell you, I
dialog: am so excited right now.
speaker_heading: CHRISTA
dialog: So excited.
speaker_heading: JENNA
dialog: She really is.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: That's terrific. Now could you ladies
dialog: point me to the Black Palace? I should
dialog: check in with my dad...
text: Nicky trails off as he sees the Angels laughing at him.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I'm sorry, you're just so cute.
speaker_heading: JENNA
dialog: Do you have any idea where you are right
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: NICKY
text: The home of eternal damnation, house of
text: Hades, H.E. double toothpicks...
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Maybe try the opposite of that.
text: The Angel and two friends laugh and high-five. Nicky's
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, can I just ask you something?
dialog: What do you know about your mom?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: My brothers told me my mother was a
dialog: mountain goat. Which would explain my
dialog: chronic halitosis.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: A mountain goat? That's really sweet.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: My mom wasn't a goat?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Try an angel.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: An angel?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Unh-huh. Which would make you half
dialog: angel.
text: Nicky is floored.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Wow. What...what did she look like?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Well, she was about six-three, only
dialog: spoke Portuguese and had really long
text: grey hair.
text: The GIRLS start laughing.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry, I'm totally busting on you.
dialog: I'm your mom.
text: Nicky is even more floored. FLASH. Jenna has taken a
dialog: picture of Nicky.
speaker_heading: JENNA
dialog: I'm sorry, but you just had the sweetest
dialog: look on your face.
speaker_heading: CHRISTA
dialog: You're gonna be so happy she did that.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: How come you're not older?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Angels don't get any older, son.
speaker_heading: JENNA
dialog: I can't believe you just called him
dialog: "son."
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Oh my G-d. This is so wild.
text: They laugh. Nicky is quite baffled.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - DAY
text: Dad is just a pair of lips, with ears on either side held up
text: by two forearms with hands attached, lying on the throne.
text: Gatekeeper, Lucifer, Jimmy and a few other demons stand
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I can't see shit. You're all still
dialog: here, right?
text: Adrian enters. They all cheer.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Adrian's here. You'll be back to normal
dialog: in a jiffy, sir.
speaker_heading: DAD LIPS
dialog: Yea! I can't believe little Nicky came
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Where's Nicky?
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: He came with you and Cassius, right?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: I came through that gate alone.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Sorry, sir, false alarm.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Boooo.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Somebody explain what's going on.
text: Puts the Gatekeeper in a headlock.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: You'll get nothing out of me.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Perhaps a titty twister will loosen your
dialog: lips.
text: He twists a breast. The Gatekeeper babbles out the
text: information immediately.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: The only way to save your dad is for you
dialog: and your brothers to pass through the
dialog: gates at the same time before he
text: deteriorates completely.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: How much time does Dad have before that
dialog: happens?
text: Adrian twists hard.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Thirty minutes. And then whoever claims
dialog: his throne will have unimaginable power.
text: Adrian throws him down.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: All boobs and no balls.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Thirty minutes. Hmmm. I hope you don't
dialog: mind if I take a seat while I wait for
dialog: you.
text: He moves to the throne and throws the lips off.
speaker_heading: DAD LIPS
dialog: Ahhh!
text: He pushes Lucifer out of the way.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: I don't get no respect.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Ten thousand years. And I never once
dialog: got to sit here.
text: He sits on the throne and it starts to shake a little. He
text: grins as two horns grow out of his forehead.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow. And this is just a little taste of
dialog: my power.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Hell's gonna bust wide open. Demons,
dialog: get him out of the chair!
text: The demons approach.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Ah-ah. Not so fast, demons. There are
dialog: a couple of million evil souls on Earth
dialog: ready to be harvested. Anyone
dialog: interested?
text: The demons stop. Now loyal to Adrian. All except Jimmy.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHDAY CAKE - DAY
text: Everyone is sitting around drinking Diet Cokes.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Are you Adrian and Cassius' mom, too?
speaker_heading: CHRISTA
dialog: No, their mother's weren't angels.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I think they were hookers or strippers
dialog: or something really porno like...
text: There's a knock on the door. It opens and in comes Carl
text: Weathers dressed as Chubbs from Happy Gilmore.
speaker_heading: CHUBBS
dialog: Holly, Jenna, Christa. Time for your
dialog: Mambo lesson.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Oh, Chubbs. I totally spaced. I'm so
dialog: sorry. I have company. It's my son,
dialog: Nicky. My son. Can you believe it?
speaker_heading: CHUBBS
dialog: Wow, that's terrific.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Nicky, this is Chubbs. He used to be a
dialog: golf pro, but up here he's the dopest
dialog: dance instructor.
speaker_heading: CHUBBS
dialog: You mambo?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: CHUBBS
dialog: Remember, it's all in the hips. It's
text: all in the hips.
text: Chubbs dances as he leaves.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Where did you meet my father?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: It was a long time ago, at some Heaven
dialog: and Hell mixer.
speaker_heading: CHRISTA
dialog: I remember that night, you had like four
dialog: daiquiris.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Try four and a half. At first I totally
dialog: didn't like him.
speaker_heading: JENNA
dialog: He was really conceited.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: But I don't know, he was funny, he made
dialog: me laugh, and I hate to say it but he
dialog: had a really nice body.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: And that made you want to make a baby
dialog: with him?
text: The Angels laugh.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Well, I really wasn't thinking about
dialog: making a baby at the time!
text: Her cell-phone rings. She answers it.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello....yes, he's here with me now... I
dialog: don't know if he's hot, he's my son, you
dialog: perv! I'll call you back...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Oh my G-d, I will call you back,
dialog: goodbye.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: That was my friend, Michelle, she says
dialog: "hi."
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Well tell her I said "hi" back.
text: Angel makes a motion towards the phone, then stops.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I'll call her later.
speaker_heading: CHRISTA
dialog: You know, we saw you save your
dialog: girlfriend's life.
speaker_heading: JENNA
dialog: That was so cool.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: That's why you came up to Heaven instead
dialog: of Hell. Self-sacrifice automatically
dialog: gets you here.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: How did you see me?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: We can see what's going on anywhere on
dialog: Earth. Look.
text: Angel and the girls clear the junk from the glass table in
text: front of them. Angel touches the glass and it turns into a
text: reflection of Earth below.
scene_heading: EXT. TIME'S SQUARE - NIGHT
text: People are rioting in the streets. Looting appliance
dialog: stores...
speaker_heading: ANGEL (O.S.)
dialog: All these good people have totally been
dialog: led astray.
speaker_heading: CHRISTA (O.S.)
dialog: Show him Central Park.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK LAWN - NIGHT
text: People are drinking and smoking and burning things. A large
text: circle has formed around two old ladies who are fist
text: fighting. One old lady knocks the other to the ground, then
text: jumps on her and starts wailing away. The spectators
dialog: exchange money.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (O.S.)
dialog: There's like a three day rave goin' on
dialog: down there. No on is going to work
dialog: anymore.
text: Then suddenly we see the ground start to break up and Adrian
text: on his throne start to be thrust upwards. Demons swarm
text: around him.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Welcome to the party. It's so nice to
dialog: see all of you here.
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, that's Dad's throne! How did
dialog: Adrian get that? Is Dad okay?
speaker_heading: ANGEL (O.S.)
dialog: Let's see...
scene_heading: RIPPLE DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: DAD LIPS are morosely talking to the Gatekeeper and Jimmy.
speaker_heading: DAD LIPS
dialog: I was a good Devil, wasn't I?
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: You were the best Devil, boss, the best
dialog: Devil!
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: DAD LIPS
dialog: I tried to do some interesting stuff...
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: You did amazing stuff!
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: I don't know how you came up with some
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: DAD LIPS
dialog: Really? That means a lot to me.
speaker_heading: JENNA (O.S.)
dialog: Oh my G-d. He looks gross.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (O.S.)
dialog: I can't believe I did it with him.
text: She touches the pool again and the reflection changes to:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL THRONE - NIGHT
text: Adrian steps off his throne onto a small stage flanked by SIX
text: HERO DEMONS. He begins addressing the crowd.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: I'm very proud of you. You've taken to
dialog: sin with minimal prompting.
text: The crowd cheers.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're acting as if there is no Heaven
dialog: or Hell.
text: The crowd cheers.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL STAGE - NIGHT
text: We see John, Peter, Beefy, Valerie and Todd hanging on
text: flagpoles by their underwear. Beefy is in a special fitted
text: harness that looks like underwear.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Well, I have some news.
text: Adrian morphs into the Cardinal from earlier.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL
dialog: There is most definitely a Hell! And
dialog: you're all going there when you die!
dialog: Which will happen in about fifteen
dialog: minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - NIGHT
text: The BAD PEOPLE realize they've been tricked into being bad
dialog: and they get scared.
text: The Preacher, who is now more battered from his fall through
text: the plate glass window (ask Steve), yells out.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: We really are gonna die!
text: This kicks off a frenzy of the Scared Bad People trying to
text: run away. But they are stopped and herded back by DEMONS.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAGPOLES - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: This don't look good.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Can't Beefy use his penis powers to get
dialog: us out of this?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: They castrated him. He can't shoot
dialog: arrows, he can't piss smoke.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: I can't screw.
dialog: (whimpers)
dialog: I can't screw.
text: Valerie's crying.
scene_heading: INT. REFLECTION POOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Nicky is shocked.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Valerie's crying!
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: She's so nice.
speaker_heading: CHRISTA
dialog: She goes to Parson's, right?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I would totally love to go there. But I
dialog: hear it's really hard to get in.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I gotta help her. I gotta help Dad. I
dialog: gotta help everybody.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Yeah, you do...
scene_heading: INT. REFLECTION POOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Adrian is looking at a clock tower that reads 11:45.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (V.O.)
dialog: At the stroke of midnight, my father
dialog: will be completely deteriorated. And
dialog: all of your souls will be mine.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL STAGE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Soon you will see things more horrible
dialog: than you can even imagine.
text: Adrian scans the crowd. He sees...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - CONTINUOUS
text: The Parsons STUDENT in the kimono dancing sexily. Adrian is
dialog: thrown.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL STAGE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Not that horrible, but still pretty bad.
text: Adrian motions to some of his guards. They nod.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So while we wait, for your enjoyment, I
dialog: bring you a dear sweet man and an
dialog: international icon...Henry Winkler!
text: A frightened HENRY WINKLER is lead onto the stage prodded by
text: two DEMONS.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - CONTINUOUS
text: The scared bad people finally smile.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL STAGE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Covered in bees!
text: We see Henry Winkler is suddenly covered head to in a swarm
dialog: of bees.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - CONTINUOUS
text: The crowd gasps.
scene_heading: INT. REFLECTION POOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Nicky is starting to panic.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: But how can I win? Adrian is stronger
dialog: and smarter than me.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Stronger, yes. Smarter, definitely.
dialog: But you have something he doesn't have.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: A speech impediment?
text: The girls laugh.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: No, you have the inner light. You can
dialog: totally use it. It's the best power of
dialog: all.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: And in case you get in real bad trouble,
dialog: G-d told me to give you this.
text: She gives him an ornate, jewelled ball.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I'm not a hundred percent on that. G-d
dialog: said when the time comes, you'll know
dialog: what to do.
speaker_heading: CHRISTA
dialog: G-d's so smart.
speaker_heading: JENNA
dialog: The smartest.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Well, goodbye...for now.
dialog: (looks at his face)
dialog: Can I just do this?
text: She licks her finger and wipes some dirt off his forehead.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (CONT'D)
dialog: That was such a Mom thing, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Totally.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Well, nice meeting you, Jenna, Christa.
dialog: (to Angel)
dialog: Would it be okay if I called you Mommy?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: It would be so okay.
text: Nicky hugs his Mom.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Well, Mommy, get me to the big apple
dialog: cause I'm gonna rock that town like a
dialog: hurricane.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (O.S.)
dialog: You're already there...
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK POND SHORE - NIGHT
text: Nicky dissolves into walking. He checks his pocket to see
text: the ball. He looks up to see fifteen Demons marching towards
text: him, ready to attack. Nicky closes his eyes and
dialog: concentrates.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Release...the good.
text: When he opens them, BEAUTIFUL BUTTERFLIES are floating around
text: the head of five of the DEMONS. They stop approaching.
text: THEIR EYES TURN FROM WHITE BACK TO NORMAL. And their facial
text: expression changes to happiness. They wave at the
dialog: butterflies.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: MORE DEMONS keep closing.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Release the good...
text: Five more are stopped by something. They look down and see
text: fluffy white BUNNY RABBITS at their feet. They start petting
dialog: them.
text: The REMAINING DEMONS advance on Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Release the awesome.
text: ...then stop, their path blocked by a very large bucket of
text: POPEYE'S FRIED CHICKEN. The Demons consider the bucket of
text: chicken. One Demon takes out a piece.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Put it in your mouth and let it slide
dialog: down your throat-hole.
text: The Demon bites into it. He can't help but grin a little.
speaker_heading: DEMON
dialog: Popeye's chicken is ass kickin'!
text: The OTHER SOULS dig into the bucket.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOCK TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: Only ten minutes left.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAGPOLES - CONTINUOUS
text: The dudes on the flagpoles are chatting nervously.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: One thing I really regret is never
dialog: having experimented sexually.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You mean, like, experiment with a Bunsen
dialog: Burner? What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He means getting it on with someone like
dialog: that freak.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: The student dancing for a mesmerized Demon.
text: BACK ON PETER, TODD and JOHN
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: His name is Andrew. I know that guy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Of course you do, Tommy Tune.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK PATH - NIGHT
text: Nicky leads his small army of reformed Demons (followed by
text: butterflies &amp; bunnies and carrying the chicken bucket) down
text: the path toward the rally. We see they have a golden
text: light/haze of good around them.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAGPOLES - CONTINUOUS
text: Adrian is underneath Valerie.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: You know, from this angle, you're kind
dialog: of cute.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: You think so? Why don't you come a
dialog: little closer and I'll show you a better
dialog: angle.
text: He moves a little closer, and she spits on him. He smiles.
text: Opens his mouth and catches her spit. He swallows.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Yummy.
text: Everyone is grossed out.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh my G-d, he just opened his mouth and
dialog: swallowed that spit.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: That turn you on there, RuPaul?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Keep it up and I just might make you my
dialog: Queen for a night or two.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You want a queen? Got one right here.
text: John points at Todd. They laugh. Adrian gets closer to
text: Valerie. Just then a big butterfly appears on his shoulder.
text: He looks down to see:
text: Nicky standing there with his army.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: Little Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Adrian, I'm asking you nicely, in the
dialog: name of all that is good: release my
text: friends and get in the flask.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Is this a joke?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No. It's the inner light. And with it
dialog: we can defeat anything you've got.
speaker_heading: REFORMED DEMON
dialog: (eating Popeye's chicken)
dialog: It's true!
text: Adrian glares down at the REFORMED DEMON. His eyes shoot out
text: an evil ray.
text: The Reformed Demon explodes into a million pieces. His
text: golden insides splatter on the crowd.
text: The Army of Good is shaken. Another Demon lowers his
dialog: chicken.
scene_heading: ANOTHER REFORMED DEMON
dialog: It's not true?
text: The BUCKET OF CHICKEN sprouts legs and runs away. Nicky
text: steps forward bravely.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Okay, Adrian, you've left me with no
dialog: choice.
text: Nicky leaves frame and he flies up towards Adrian.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL STAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Nicky lands on both feet standing before Adrian.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Love lifts me up where I belong.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: Crowd reacts.
scene_heading: ON HELL STAGE
text: Demons are ready to attack. Adrian waves them off.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Not bad, little brother. Let's see what
dialog: you've got.
text: Nicky thinks, holds out his hands. A rainbow shoots out onto
text: the stage between them. PAUSE. We see that a cute little
text: chipmunk is standing on it's hindlegs eating a nut.
speaker_heading: ON CROWD
text: The army of good and scared bad people applaud as they see
dialog: this.
scene_heading: BACK ON HELL STAGE
text: Adrian nods, holds out his arms and a red stream shoots out.
text: He has made a terrible PYTHON that comes over and eats the
text: baffled chipmunk in one bite.
text: Nicky raises his hand and: turns the snake into a row of
dialog: flowers.
text: Adrian raises his hand and a crazed MEXICAN GARDNER with a
text: lawn mower comes by and mows them down.
text: Nicky turns the Gardner and his lawn mower into a MOTHER
text: pushing a NEW BORN BABY in a carriage.
text: Adrian turns the baby in the carriage into an EVIL DWARF who
text: leaps out and starts beating up on the mother.
text: Nicky turns the Mother into a HOT GIRL DWARF. The evil Dwarf
text: stops beating her up and holds her hand.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Enough. I'm going to kill you with my
text: bare hands.
text: Adrian punches Nicky hard in the jaw. He goes flying off the
dialog: platform.
text: Nicky's body falls towards the ground. It's about to hit,
text: when a soft bed of posts and fluffy pillows break his fall.
scene_heading: INT. HEAVEN - CONTINUOUS
text: We now see Angel, Jenna, Christa and SEVEN OTHER GIRLS
text: watching the action on the table.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I totally had to do that.
scene_heading: ALL THE GIRLS
dialog: Yah you did.
text: CHUBBS is there, too.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - NIGHT
text: Nicky looks up to see Adrian flying down towards him. Nicky
text: rolls away at the last second. Adrian hits the bed hard and
text: bounces up. Nicky grabs him mid-bounce and slams him back
text: down into the golden/brass headboard of the bed. Nicky holds
text: out the flask.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Now I'm asking you nicely, get in the
dialog: flas...
text: Adrian grabs a pillow and hits Nicky hard in the face,
text: sending him flying off the bed.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, you wanna a pillow fight, do you?!
text: Nicky is an expert pillow fighter. He lands a series of
text: awesome, almost Matrix-like pillow moves. Adrian is dazed.
text: Nicky finishes him off by tossing the pillow high in the air
text: to him. Adrian looks up to catch it and just before it
text: lands, Nicky steps up and pops him in the face. Adrian goes
text: down hard. Nicky towers over him.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now will you get in the flask?
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Absolutely not.
text: Adrian turns to his demons.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: A little help over here.
text: A bunch of Demons advance.
speaker_heading: ON FLAGPOLE
text: We see Henry Winkler, swollen with bee stings, valiantly run
text: over and lowers the five from the flagpoles.
speaker_heading: ON ADRIAN
text: He looks up and glares at Henry.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Henry!
speaker_heading: ON FLAGPOLE
text: Henry's eyes widen.
scene_heading: HENRY WINKLER
dialog: Oh no.
text: He is covered in bees again.
speaker_heading: BACK ON ADRIAN
text: He turns his attention back to Nicky who is grabbed by
text: demons. Adrian brings the flask to his lips, but he won't
text: open his mouth.
text: Adrian pinches Nicky's nose closed so he has to open his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Goodbye, Nicky.
text: We hear CASSIUS banging against the walls.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: Come on in, bro.
text: Nicky can't hold his breath and opens his mouth. Adrian jams
text: the flask in his mouth and Nicky starts to get sucked in.
text: Adrian smiles. But just before Nicky is gone, he manages to
text: grab Adrian's coat tail and yank him into the flask with him.
text: As the flask hits the ground, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, Nicky. Cause now I'm gonna
text: bust Adrian's head wide open.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: I was going to let you out, eventually,
dialog: Cassius. I swear.
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: Sole ruler of Hell and Earth is what I
dialog: heard him keep saying.
text: We HEAR the sounds of a struggle.
text: All the Demons and all the people of NEW YORK form a large
text: circle around the flask. Valerie and the gang make it down
text: off the stage.
text: We HEAR crazy sounds as the FLASK starts to jump. The crowd
text: REACTS. A big dent pops out from the inside, followed by a
text: horrible thud.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Nicky!
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: That was Cassius!
text: The FLASK starts rolling over and over on the road. People
text: get out of the way as if it were real people fighting in the
text: street. They root for their side.
speaker_heading: DEMON
dialog: Kill him, Adrian.
text: John and Peter start beating up the Demon.
scene_heading: INT. REFLECTION POOL - CONTINUOUS
text: The Angel and the Friend are praying.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - CONTINUOUS
text: We HEAR banging and beating and yelling from inside and then
text: the flask stops bouncing. SILENCE. Everybody outside holds
text: their breath. Slowly out of the spout crawls NICKY.
text: HOORAY. Valerie, John, Todd and Beefy and all the living
text: people CHEER. The student, very happy, opens his kimono.
text: The people and demons near him are grossed out.
text: Valerie goes tot he very beaten up Nicky and hugs him.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Where'd a sweet Southern boy learn to
dialog: fight like that?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: From my dad's side of the family.
text: She laughs and kisses him on the mouth. The crowd CHEERS.
text: But Nicky won't stop kissing her. She starts to struggle for
text: air. Nicky presses harder and starts to laugh.
text: The crowd stops CHEERING. Valerie is waving her arms for
text: help. Nicky turns into Adrian during the kiss. Adrian lets
text: her go. And we hear ADRIAN'S familiar laugh.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: What? No tongue?
text: Adrian pulls his head back, his tongue is huge and he turns
text: into a GIANT BAT. He lets out a huge roar, then flies
text: around, laughing, scaring people.
text: Valerie runs over and picks up the flask. She looks inside.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Nicky. Nicky.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: VALERIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta fly out...I know you can do
dialog: it.
dialog: (still no response)
dialog: Do it for the butterflies.
text: A long beat, then:
speaker_heading: NICKY (O.S.)
dialog: Butterflies...
text: And Nicky shoots right out of the top of the flask and lands
text: on his feet. Adrian lands and stares down Nicky. The clock
text: is one minute from midnight.
text: Adrian swoops down. Nicky thinks quick and pulls out the
text: BALL his Mom gave him and smashes it on the ground. Out of
text: it forms metal G-d: OZZY OSBORNE.
speaker_heading: OZZY
dialog: Hello, New York.
speaker_heading: JOHN AND PETER
dialog: Ozzy.
text: They faint.
text: The Bat's eyes go wide in fear. Ozzy grabs the bat, his
text: mouth grows big, and he bites the bat's head off. Valerie
text: hands Ozzy the flask.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Put him in, Ozzy.
text: Ozzy spits the bat head into the flask.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOCK TOWER
text: The clock reads: 00:23 seconds left.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Dad is just a very thin pair of lips and one finger. The
text: FINGER is going up and down on the lips, making silly sounds.
text: The Gatekeeper, the Monster, Jimmy the Demon and Lucifer are
text: on their backs crying like babies.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - NIGHT
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Grand Central, Nicky. Start running.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He'll never make it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You gotta kill yourself.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I'll just go to Heaven.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: No if you do something bad right before
dialog: you die.
text: PAUSE. Everyone looks around. Nicky spots Henry Winkler.
scene_heading: HENRY WINKLER
dialog: Aw, man, not again.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Sorry, Henry.
dialog: (focuses)
dialog: Release the Evil.
text: Henry is covered in bees once again.
scene_heading: ON NICKY AND VALERIE
text: Nicky picks up a big rock and hands it to Valerie.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do me.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I love you.
text: Valerie smashes the rock on Nicky's head, killing him.
scene_heading: ON CLOCK TOWER
text: Six seconds left.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The lips and finger are slowing down.
scene_heading: INT. GATES OF HELL - DAY
text: Nicky triumphantly passes through the wall of fire and it
text: starts burning again behind him. And now all the BACKED UP
text: SOULS fall out on top of Nicky.
text: The Gatekeeper APPLAUDS.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - NIGHT
text: The STAGE, the DEMONS and everything that raised from Hell
text: now descends quickly into the ground.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Dad's lips form a body around it. Dad FILLS IN.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HELL RALLY - NIGHT
text: The good people of New York cheer. We see John, Peter, Todd,
text: Valerie, Beefy and the Student, who of course is dancing
text: seductively.
scene_heading: EXT. REFLECTION POOL - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Angel is so proud.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Okay, you just saw my son save the
dialog: universe. Right?!
text: Everyone cheers.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - SHORTLY AFTER
text: Dad and Nicky are hugging.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You came through, Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I came through for you, Mom and the
dialog: butterflies, Dad.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You're back in Hell now, kid. There's
dialog: no butterflies here. If you want
dialog: butterflies, you need to be on Earth.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What about you and Grandpa and everyone
dialog: in Hell?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Nicky, I let my butterflies die once
dialog: upon a time and it's never stopped
dialog: hurting.
dialog: (Dad looks up)
dialog: That's right, you heard me, Holly. I'm
dialog: still in love with you.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHDAY CAKE - CONTINUOUS
text: Angel is shocked.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Oh my G-d. He's totally talking about
dialog: me.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: And don't think I forgot about how crazy
dialog: you get after a few daiquiris.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHDAY CAKE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: That guy is still a horn dog.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Dad turns to Nicky.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Listen, I got down low. Your mom's got
dialog: up high. You take care of the middle.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I will, Dad. But in the words of Motley
dialog: Crue, this will always be my...home
dialog: sweet home...
text: He pats him on the back.
scene_heading: JIMMY THE DEMON
dialog: Sorry to interrupt guys, but it's time
dialog: for Hitler's punishment.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER
dialog: Let me handle that.
text: Lucifer walks over to the closet.
speaker_heading: LUCIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: And I'm not using a pineapple this time.
text: He pulls out the flask.
speaker_heading: ADRIAN (O.S.)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: CASSIUS (O.S.)
dialog: Don't do it!
text: He shoves the flask up Hitler's ass. Hitler's face tightens.
speaker_heading: HITLER
dialog: Holy Schnit!
scene_heading: FREEZE FRAME, then:
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ONE YEAR LATER
text: Over the skyline of Manhattan.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CENTRAL PARK WEST
text: PAN UP from a moving baby stroller to reveal Nicky and
text: Valerie both pushing it. We see Beefy walking with them.
text: Unbelievably happy.
text: A nice OLD LADY bends down to the stroller.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Oh...what an uncommonly beautiful baby.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Thank yo.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Such a little angel.
speaker_heading: BEEFY
dialog: Only a quarter, ma'am.
text: She tickles the baby. It giggles and a small stream of fire
text: shoots out of his mouth and singes the Old Lady's eyebrows.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Zachariah, say you're sorry.
scene_heading: BABY ZACHARIAH
dialog: (sounds like Nicky)
dialog: Sorry.
text: The Lady scurries away. Nicky and Valerie laugh and continue
text: walking in absolute bliss. They pass the Preacher who runs
dialog: towards us.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: He has spilled his seed! He is
dialog: multiplying! Beware the progeny of the
dialog: unholy union! We're all gonna die!
text: The Preacher runs straight into the camera. BLACK.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
