dialog: GL to “TomPaceciq~
dialog: Little Children
dialog: Little Children
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Todd Field & Tom Perrotta
dialog: Based on the novel
dialog: by
dialog: Tom Perrotta
dialog: 25 July 2005
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: SIGHTS & SOUNDS OF WINDING MOVEMENTS ON VARIOUS TIMEPIECES.
text: Tick Tock, the rhythm overwhelming: Ansonia shelf, wall, mantel,
text: long-case, table, and bracket. Each movement open escapement.
scene_heading: THE HARD NG OF A ENGINE
scene_heading: HOUSE APTER HOUSE ~- TOWN AFTER TOWN ~ AS SEEN FROM A TRAIN.
text: The strains of a NEWSCAST,
text: An ANCHOR WOMAN front and center, super~imposed images behind her,
speaker_heading: ANCHOR WOMAN
dialog: It has only been two weeks since an East
dialog: adam man, Ronald James McGorvey |
dialog: returned home from prison after serving
dialog: a two-year sentence for indecent
dialog: exposure to a minor. And already a
text: grassroots movement is clamoring to
dialog: remove him from the community.
text: News B-Roll: BADLY XEROXED FLYERS on TELEPHONE POLES depicting a
text: lump man with wiry, thinning hair and an anxious expression. In
dialog: id script it reads: Are your children safe?
speaker_heading: _ ANCHOR WOMAN
dialog: The group is called The Committee of
dialog: Concerned Parents.
text: A CLOSER DETAIL on the BOTTOM EDGE identifies the supplier of the
dialog: flyer as The Committee of Concerned Parents.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR WOMAN
dialog: Police are advising parents to...
text: The newscast continues as we WIDEN within a dark livingroom to REVEAL
text: A MAN sitting in a LA-Z-BOY watching the broadcast. His hand grips a
text: glass of soda and ice. He takes a sip.
scene_heading: BLACK. COMPLETE SILENCE. A LEGEND APPEARS: LITTLE CHILDREN
dialog: Then —
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE .
dialog: My husband and I had an actual spiritual
dialog: experience...
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND ~ DAY
text: pois is THERESA, mid-thirties, a pale woman, but in her time a real
dialog: auty.
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: +;.We were on our vacation in Cabo with
dialog: eight other couples, and this Mayan
dialog: woman... a goddess, just a goddess...
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: MARY ANN, mid-thirties, toothpick-thin, uptight, and clad in
scene_heading: CATALOGUE CASUAL.
speaker_heading: HARY ANE
dialog: She’s due in September. She says she’s
dialog: gonna take three months off, and be back
dialog: to work before Christmas. Please. Six
dialog: months from now she'll be right here on
dialog: this bench with us...
speaker_heading: CUr TO:
text: CHERYL, a woman who has the unfortunate habit of ending her sentences
text: with an upwardy teenagery question mark.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Well, my friend Beth said the way she did
dialog: it, was to just take him with her every
dialog: time she went to the bathroom,
speaker_heading: . MARY ANN
dialog: I find that strange.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: That's what I said to Beth.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: It's oedipal.
speaker_heading: THERESA .
dialog: What's the rush? Although, I will say
dialog: when I was potty training Christian? I
text: opened the diaper and it was huge, like a
dialog: grown man.
text: Snatches of the women talking begin a slow diminuendo, as they shift
dialog: to the subject of pre-schools.
text: On the bench opposite the women is SARAH PIERCE, 30. It is through
dialog: Sarah's ears that we have been introduced to these ladies. And because
dialog: of this, our idea of them may be less than kind.
text: As we PUSH IN on her — A NEW VOICE EMERGES. If 1S , CALM, AND NON-
scene_heading: SUDGMENTAL, IN SHORT, GROWN-UP.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Smiling politely to mask a familiar
text: feeling of desperation, Sarah reminded
dialog: herself to think like an anthropologist.
dialog: She was a researcher studying
dialog: behavior of typical suburban women. She
dialog: was not a typical suburban woman herself,
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: John and I were having sex the other
dialog: night, and I drifted off right in the
text: middle of it.
speaker_heading: THERESA |
dialog: {chuckles sympathetically}
dialog: Tt happens.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: I guess. But when I woke up and
dialog: apologized? He said he hada’t even
dialog: noticed.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN |
dialog: You know what you should de? Set aside a
dialog: specific block of time for making love.
dialog: That's what Lewis and I do. Every Tuesday
text: night at nine o’clock.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Whether you want to or not, Sarah
text: thought, her eyes straying over to the
dialog: play area...
text: CHRISTIAN, Theresa’s son, pummels Mary Ann‘’s cowering TROY and -
text: Cheryl's COURTNEY shows Mary Ann’s ISABELLE her DORA THE EXPLORER
text: underpants.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Even at such a tiny playground as this,
dialog: Lucy didn’t interact much with the other
dialog: children,
text: Sarah's three-year-old daughter LUCY, stands alone near the top of
text: the slide. She appears to talking to herself.
text: Sarah takes her in.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sarah didn’t really know why they even
dialog: bothered coming here, except that she'd
text: probably go crazy, trapped in the house
dialog: all day with this unknowable little
dialog: person.
text: CLOSE ON a watch face. The second hand sweeps past twelve...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Morning snack time wag ten thirty on the
dialog: dot. A regimen established and maintained
dialog: by Mary Ann...
text: MARY ANN’s face fills the screen as she turns and soundlessly barks
text: toward the playground.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: +, who believed that rigid adherence to a
dialog: timetable...
text: The children all turn toward Mary Ann in SLOW MOTION and start
text: running in her direction,
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: +2-Was not only the key to a healthy
dialog: marriage, but toe effective parenting as
dialog: well.
text: CLOSE ON HANDS DIGGING THROUGH A DIAPER BAG.
dialog: All the kids,
speaker_heading: LUCY {0.C.)
dialog: Mommy?
text: and their mothers are gathered around a picnic table,
text: shoveling CHEERIOS and GOLDFISH into their months ~
text: Except for Sarah who is crouched down on the grass a few feet away
text: rummaging through a diaper bag. Lucy stands facing her mother, an
text: anxious look on the chi
speaker_heading: AT THE PICNIC
dialog: drama that is
dialog: BACK TO SARAH
dialog: s face.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Where my snack?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (digging through bag
dialog: I'm sure it’s in here somewhere.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Where it went? Where my snack?
speaker_heading: SARAH . .
dialog: I’m sorry, honey. Mommy can’t find it.
dialog: (to other mothers)
dialog: I forgot the rice cakes. I mst have left
text: them on the counter.
text: BENCH the three women, and their offspring watch the
text: playing out on the grass before them.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Poor thing.
speaker_heading: LUCY {0.C.)
dialog: I want my snaaaack!
speaker_heading: |_MARY ANN
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: That's the second time this week.
speaker_heading: THERESA .
dialog: It's hard to keep track of everything.
speaker_heading: LUCY (0.C.)
dialog: Bad Mommy, bad mommy, bad mommy.
speaker_heading: & LUCY
dialog: pleading)»
dialog: Just calm down.
dialog: No! No calm down!
dialog: It's not here.
dialog: i
text: Sarah hands her the bag.
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: . SARAB
dialog: Alright, here, See for yourself.
text: Lucy looks into the bag, and then throws it at her mother’s head.
text: Sarah winds up with thé strap dangling around her neck.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Wait!
text: This single word radiates with such undeniable adult authority that
text: everything stops.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN ;
dialog: Troy, honey? Give Lucy your Goldfish.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Not
text: He turns his body, forming a barrier between Lucy ahd his snack:
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Troy Jonathan. Give me those Goldfish.
speaker_heading: TROY )
dialog: (whimpering
dialog: But mama, they’re mine.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN .
dialog: No backtalk. You can share with your
dialog: sister.
text: With no further word of protest, Troy hands the BAG to Mary Ann.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: (to Lucy) .
dialog: Go and sit down, Troy has goldfish for
dialog: you,
text: Lucy runs over to join the others at the picnic bench.
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: {to Mary Ann)
dialog: Thank you. You're a lifesaver.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: It’s nothing. I just hate to see her
dialog: suffer like that.
text: Sarah gets down on one knee and begins refilling the diaper bag.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN .
dialog: Maybe you should make a check list, tape
dialog: it to the door so it’s the last thing you
dialog: see before leaving the house. That’s what
dialog: I do.
text: Sarah looks up, forcing a smile.
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: Thank you. That's a really helpful
dialog: suggestion.
text: Cheryl's head darts away from the other mothers. She reaches across
text: the table and grabs Theresa’s hand.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: (soft and urgent}
dialog: Look.
text: Theresa glances instinctively toward the PLAY STRUCTURE.
speaker_heading: what? THERESA
dialog: at?
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Over there. The Prom King?
speaker_heading: _. THERESA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Oh my God. He’s back.
text: Sarah looks up from the diaper bag.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Sarah followed the other women’s gazes
text: over to the entrance of the playground,
text: eager to finally get a glimpse of the
dialog: Prom King...
text: In the middle distance, we see a strapping BLOND MAN enter through
text: the park’s iron gate. He pushes a STROLLER. One side is empty
text: and other is occupied by a large STUFFED BEAR. The man’s three~
text: year-old son sits perched on his father’s shoulders. He wears a
text: JESTER’S CAP, and shoots his arms out as if he is flying.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: «+. the handsome and mysterious young
dialog: father who had been a regular at the
dialog: Walker Street Playground for several
dialog: weeks this past spring, before abruptly
text: dropping out of sight.
text: With the ease of someone Performing a familiar action, the man lifts
text: his son off his shoulders, and gallops around the play structure. The
text: boy squeals as the man bobs, hops, and weaves ~ giving the boy the
text: time of his life. Unlike the young mothers on the benches watching
text: their children from a distance, this man is engaged. As if he
dialog: couldn't imagine doing anything else, with anyone else, More playmate
dialog: an parent.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: His departure had left a gaping hole in
dialog: the emotional lives of Cheryl, Theresa,
dialog: and Mary Ann. Barely a day went by
text: without one of them’ s ating wistfully
dialog: about the reason for his absence and the
dialog: likelihood of his return.
speaker_heading: . BRAD (0.C.) .
dialog: se. Binety sight ... ninety nine...
dialog: ~T=
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM ~ DAY
text: The blond man from the playground rises in and out of frame. This is
text: BRAD ADAMSON, 30. He is sweating, and breathing heavily, at the end
text: of a long circuit of daily push-ups.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: ++. One hundred.
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: Brad, wearing PLAY~TEX GLOVES, stands at the sink doing dishes.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Brad vacuums.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM — LATER (MAGIC)
text: Brad and Aaron sit on the floor engrossed in their favorite activity:
text: Train Wreck, a brutally simple game. GORDON and PERCY, two characters
text: from Thomas the Tank Engine, move in opposite directions around a
text: circular track, making happy CHUGGING SOUNDS right up to the moment of
text: an inevitable collision.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: {shouting}
dialog: Splang?
text: This is the sound effect that always accompanies the crash.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: fake that, Gordon.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Ouch! That hurt, Percy.
text: Aaron laughs uproariously at Brad’s pain.
speaker_heading: . __AARON
dialog: Again! Again!
text: They set-up for another go, and repeat the game.
text: The game ends abruptly though, as Aaron scrambles to his feet and
text: stares toward the The SOUND of someone coming through the FRONT DOOR.
speaker_heading: ARRON
dialog: Mommy i
text: Re rips the Jester cap off his head and flings it away.
text: Brad watches the haberdashery make a wide arc in the air. He cannot
text: take his eyes from it. Time seems to momentarily stop.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: The Jester‘s cap was something that truly
dialog: disturbed Brad. All day long The boy ate,
dialog: played, and napped in it. He would burst
dialog: inte tears if nis Father had so much
dialog: suggested it be removed.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT) .
dialog: But the moment his Mother stepped In the
dialog: house he had no more use for it, as if the
dialog: entire day up to that point had been a
text: pointless and somewhat useless charade.
text: Aaron flies into the arms of KATHY, 30, and lovely. She drops to one
text: knee, and holds her arms out wide.
speaker_heading: . KATHY
dialog: I missed you so so so so mich.
text: He buries his face against her chest; she strokes his head.
speaker_heading: RATEY ,
dialog: You got some color, didn't you? Did daddy
dialog: forget the sunscreen again?
text: Brad stares down at the engine he still holds. Gordon’s peevish
text: expression feels like it’s mocking him.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, KITCHEN ~ MAGIC
text: Brad, Kathy & Aaron sit around the table at the tail end of dinner.
dialog: . BRAD .
dialog: I think I’m gonna finally break down and
dialog: get a mobile phone.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Really? Why?
speaker_heading: BRAD .
dialog: I have no way of reaching you when I’m
dialog: out with Aaron.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: {to Aaron
dialog: You're done, right?
text: She rises to clear the boy’s dish, and carries it over to the sink.
text: BRAD . .
dialog: +» you've got one. Don’t you think it's
dialog: strange I don’t?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Yeah, I do. You just never wanted one
dialog: before.
text: She wets a towel, and heads back over to Aaron.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, I know. There's a family plan. We
dialog: can talk for free,
text: Kathy cleans the dinner from Aaron's face, and in the process turns
text: her back on an uncomfortable fiscal conversation.
speaker_heading: EATRY
dialog: Let’s see where we are at the end of the
dialog: month.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET — TWILIGHT
text: Carrying a briefcase, Brad walks alone along an empty street, He passes
text: an SUV swathed in graphics for the National Guards A recruiting vehicle,
text: and handy piece of mobile advertisement, A TRIO OF DRAB GREEN Sab
text: SOLDIERS stare back at him: defiant and brave.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: As was her custom, each weeknight after
text: dinner, the boy's mother sent Brad down
dialog: to the Municipal library to study for
dialog: the bar exam...
scene_heading: EXT. MUNICIPAL LIBRARY ~ TWILIGHT
speaker_heading: VOICE .
dialog: ..-but he never quite made it through the
text: door of the building.
text: Brad settles in on a bench. About twenty yards away, FOUR,
text: SKATEBOARDERS, ages thirteen to sixteen, dressed in knee-length
text: shorts, baggy T-shirts, and fashionably retro sneakers ~ jump stairs,
text: metal railings, and retaining walls around a square granite
text: building. They are all armed with iPODS & MOBILE PHONES.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Brad had been watching the boys for weeks
dialog: now, sometimes for as long as an hour at a
dialog: stretch, but he'd never received the
dialog: slightest acknowledgement from any of them,
text: Brad stares longingly.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: He had been the same age as these boys
dialog: when his mother died.
text: ONE OF THE BOYS, the one the others call G, ramps off a wall and
text: sails into the air. He possesses an almost mystical connection to his
text: board. G returns to the group, whe congratulate him on his last ride.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I must have been like this, Brad
dialog: sometimes thought. I must have been one
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN {0.C.}
dialog: He should just be castrated.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND ~ DAY
text: CLOSE ON the same Randbill from the news broadcast, with the addition of
text: a stepped-up headline: Decent people Beware!!! There is a Pervert Among
dialog: Si
text: The MOTHERS all stare down at the FLYER on the picnic table.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN |
dialog: Quick and clean, Just chop it off. Then
dialog: you wouldn't have to worry about
text: notifying the neighbors.
speaker_heading: SARAR .
dialog: You know what else you should do? Nail
text: his penis above the entrance to the
dialog: elementary school. You know, as a warning
text: to other perverts.
text: Cheryl and Theresa chuckle politely at her sarcasm. Mary Amn is not
text: amused, and fixee Sarah with an icy glare.
speaker_heading: . MARY ANN
dialog: You think this is funny?
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: I just can’t believe you want to castrate
dialog: aman for indecent exposure.
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: My brother used to expose himself, when
dialog: we were teenagers. He'd do it in my ~
text: bedroom, or in the backseat of the car,
dialog: even at the dinner table. He always
dialog: figured out a way to do it so that no one
dialog: could see what he was up to but me.
speaker_heading: ____ MARY
dialog: . {disgusted}
dialog: Didn’t you tell anyone?
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: (puzzled) .
dialog: No, I didn’t want to get him in trouble.
text: It didn’t stop until he went away to
dialog: college.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: He should have been castrated.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: It’s not the same thing. He wasn’t doing
dialog: it to strangers.
text: Cheryl's head swivels as if pulled by a magnet.
speaker_heading: CHERYL .
dialog: Oh My God, look! After all this time.
dialog: There he ig. Two days in a row?
text: Brad and Aaron have arrived at the playground gate.
speaker_heading: _ SARAH
dialog: Maybe he just needed a vacation.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: {suspicious}
dialog: From what?
dialog: ; THERESA _
dialog: From being the Prom King.
dialog: ~10-
dialog: 
dialog: ~Lie
speaker_heading: | CHERYL
dialog: Tt’s a dirty job.
dialog: (chuckling) .
dialog: But someone’s gok to do it.
text: As Brad and Aaron pass the women on their way over to the far swing-
text: set, the trio go completely silent ~ pretending not to notice.
text: Sarah wetches them ~ amused.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: What's he do for a living?
text: The others look nervous, and ignore the question.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: We've never actually spoken to him.
dialog: . .,, SARAH
dialog: You're kidding right?
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: We don’t even know his name.
speaker_heading: SARAH .
dialog: Really? I thought you said he was a
dialog: regular here.
speaker_heading: THERESA.
dialog: It was awkward,
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: He made us nervous, You had to think
dialog: about what you were going to wear in the
dialog: morning? Put on makeup? It was
dialog: exhausting?
text: lucy leaves her position at the top of the SLIDE and wanders over to
text: the SWING-SET right next to where Brad pushes Aaron. She calis to her
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Mommy! Push mei
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Alright. I’Li be right there.
text: Sarah smiles at the women, wondering how they'll react to her impending
text: proximity to “The Prom King." As she rises to go, Theresa calls out.
speaker_heading: waits THERESA (0.C.}
speaker_heading: ALCL
text: Sarah stops.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What?
text: Theresa holds up her WALLET, smixking like a schoolgirl.
speaker_heading: CHERESA
dialog: Five bucks if you get his phone number.
scene_heading: SWING SET — MOMENTS LATER
text: Aaron observes lucy with a certain amount of skepticism as she swings in
text: near-unison beside him, He turns to Sarah, his expression unexpectedly
dialog: serious.
dialog: How old is she?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (coaxing) | .
dialog: Lucy, honey. Tell the nice boy how old
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: BARON
dialog: I’m three!
text: He jabs the corresponding fingers into the air.
speaker_heading: AARON |
dialog: My grandmother lives in New Jersey! She
dialog: doesn't have a swim pool.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: to the boy}
dialog: Do you like to swim?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I don’t like sharks. They eat you up.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Don’t listen to him. We go to the town
dialog: pool almost every day.
text: Brad smiles at Sarah.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I’m Brad, by the way.
text: She smiles back.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You guys come here a lot?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Only for the last few weeks. We used to
dialog: go to the one over on Harris, with the
text: big wood things, and the slide across.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, we actually rent a place right arcund
dialog: the corner from there on Ashforth. But that
dialog: ice cream truck never leaves ~ what 4
dialog: nightmare.
dialog: “13
speaker_heading: SARAZ
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: BRAD .
dialog: +..you know, you're the first person here
dialog: who's ever talked to me.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You make them nervous.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Oh, right. I guess they don’t see too
dialog: many fathers here during the weekdays.
text: They keep pushing the children.
speaker_heading: BRAD .
dialog: You don’t have to be polite. Go ahead and ask.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What the person who wears the pants in
dialog: the family does for a living.
speaker_heading: . SARAB
dialog: Alright, what does your wife do?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: She makes documentaries.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh, wow. Like, Michael Moore?
dialog: Like, PBS.
speaker_heading: SARAH .
dialog: Oh... well, I think it’s admirable that
dialog: ou‘re here, There's no reason men can’t
dialog: primary caregivers.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I finished law school two years ago. But
dialog: I can't seem to pass the bar exam. Failed
dialog: it twice now.
speaker_heading: , SARAH
dialog: Maybe you just don't want to be a lawyer.
text: Brad looks momentarily startled by this suggestion.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: T'll take the test one more time. If I
dialog: mess up Row, I’m just going to have to
dialog: find something else to do with my life.
text: They go back to their swinging.
dialog: oj dm
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sarah was shocked by how Brad delivered
dialog: this confession, with no apparent sense
dialog: ef being in the least bit embarrassed by
dialog: his failure. Most men weren’t like this.
dialog: Her husband, Richard, certainly wasn‘t.
dialog: She wondered if Brad was always this
dialog: forthcoming. If anything, he seemed a
text: little lonely, ali too ready to open his
text: heart at the slightest sign of interest,
dialog: like a lot of young mothers she knew.
text: Sarah breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I couidn‘t help poticing your stroller.
dialog: Do you have another child’
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Just Aaron. We got that at a yard sale.
dialog: fhe extra seat comes in handy for the
dialog: ar.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: Lucy refuses to be put into a stroller,
dialog: or @ car seat. We have to walk everywhere.
dialog: Tt takes us half an hour to go three
dialog: blocks, unless I carry her.
speaker_heading: ___ BARON
dialog: Daddy finish.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You sure? We just got here.
speaker_heading: ARRON
dialog: Daaady, I finish right now.
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: Alright. One, two, three.
text: He stops the swing, leaves Aaron, and attends to the bear. He pulls
text: it out of the swing, and straps it imto the stroller. Then comes back
dialog: or Aaron.
text: Sarah watches in silence as he cups Aaron by the armpits and attempts
text: to lift him out of the swing.
text: The boy’s foot gets caught in one of the apertures, and she hurries
text: over to free it before Brad has a chance to ask for assistance.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: No problem.
text: Sarah watches as Brad buckles Aaron into the stroller.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: < was then, while watching Brad kneel
text: down at his son’s feet, that Garah found
text: herself gripped by an unexpected pang of
dialog: sadness.
text: She looks toward the opposite end of the playground - The women
text: leaning forward on their bench, completely riveted.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Don’t go, she thought. Don’t leave me
dialog: here with the others.
text: Brad stands and turns toward her, as if he’d read her mind.
speaker_heading: _ BRAD |
dialog: (curious smile)
dialog: Well, it was nice talking to you.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yeah, you too.
text: He starts to leave.
speaker_heading: SARAHB
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Hey.
text: Brad stops and looks at her, confused.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SARAH |
dialog: {conspiratorial}
dialog: Come here.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: what?
dialog: Just,..come here.
dialog: fle does as he's told.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: You see those women over there?
text: He glances in the direction of the PICNIC TABLE. All of the women
text: suddenly look in the other direction
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: Yeah. Don’t look. Don’t look, You know
dialog: what they call you? .
text: Be takes a small step toward Sarah, intrigued.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: nL 5
dialog: ~16—
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: The Prom King.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Ouch. That's awful.
speaker_heading: _ SARAH
dialog: They mean it as a compliment. You’re a
dialog: big character in their fantasy lives.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: One of them bet me five dollars I
dialog: couldn’t get your phone number.
speaker_heading: ,, BRAD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Five bucks, huh?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yep.
text: Brad shoots another look at the women.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (teasing) .
dialog: Could we split it fifty-fifty?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {right back at him)
dialog: It could be arranged.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Doesn’t have to be your real number.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, in that case, sure.
text: Brad pats himself down, looking for a pen. Nothing.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You got a pen?
text: Sarah doesn’t. She glances toward the table where her diaper bag is.
text: She doesn’t want to go there. She looks back to him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh, shit. Neo, no I don’t.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, maybe next time.
text: He turns to go, but Sarah reaches out and grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: . SARAR .
dialog: No, listen wait... just wait.
dialog: ~ij~
text: He’s waiting. She’s thinking. Then ~
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: You know what would really be funny?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -.Lf you gave me a hug.
dialog: ., 8
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: +. -yeah.
text: Brad grins. He’s game.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, alright come here.
text: Brad opens his arms, and Sarah steps into them. They hug.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN (0.C.)
dialog: Ob, My God!
text: Mary Ann’s reaction makes them both start to giggle.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: {whispers
dialog: You wanna really freak them out?
text: Brad looks at her a moment. Then —
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: «> Yeah,
text: He leans down and gives her a tentative kiss, half-serious, as if
text: they're acting in a play.
text: A COLLECTIVE GASP travels from the ladies at the picnic table to our
text: couple. Followed by a panicky chorus call from the mothers, summoning
text: their children from the play structure.
text: Brad & Sarah part... But they somehow can’t take their eyes off each
dialog: other,
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: (glancing at the exodus)
dialog: I think that worked,
text: Both of them are blushing.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {per panicky mothers}
dialog: +» yeah, I think so,
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, it was nice meeting you.
dialog: ~ig-
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: +e -¥eD, sum hmmm.
text: He sets off without another word. Sarah watches his broad back recede
text: as be pushes the stroller past the other mothers, and out of the park
dialog: gates.
text: She turns to Lucy, sitting motionless in the swing, watching the same
text: sight as her mother, her feet kicking dreamily in the air.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Let's go.
text: She gathers Lucy from the swing, and carries her like a piece of
text: oversized luggage back to the bench to retrieve her things. Her face
text: burning with pride and with shame.
text: cheryl and Theresa huddle with their children, staring at Sarah in
text: comp: ete bewilderment. Flanked by Troy and Isabelle, Mary Ann looks
dialog: urious.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: I’m sure your daughter found that very
dialog: educational.
text: Sarah reaches down for the diaper bag, and turns to go.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: His name‘s Brad, He's a lawyer. And he’s
dialog: really very nice.
text: Sarah picks up Lucy and heads home.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD — DAY
text: Sarah sits under a tree trying her level best to read Margaret
text: Atwood’s The Handmaid's Tale. After a moment, she puts it down, and
text: gazes off, distracted.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: For the past few days, Sarah hadn't
dialog: been able to concentrate on anything
dialog: but the Prom King...and the curious
dialog: thing that had happened between them
text: on the playground.
text: She glances the other direction, where, some distance away ~
text: LUCY squats on the grass, her back to Sarah, playing alone, and
text: talking to herself.
text: Sarah looks away from the child, and away into the expanse.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: She didn't feel shame or guilt, only a
text: sense of profound disoriehtation, as if
dialog: she had been kidnapped by aliens, and
text: fren released, unharmed, a few hours
dialog: ater.
text: Mother and child under the shade of the tree, In the distance, an
text: amphitheater of sorts, a white wing which resembles a flying saucer.
speaker_heading: e SOUND af
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: As he had so often in recent days...
text: BRAD sits on his usual bench under the beech tree. But instead of
text: watching the skateboarders, he closes his eyes. We PUSH IN O8 his
dialog: dreamy face,
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: .,.Brad mentally re-enacted the kiss by
text: the swingset. He still couldn't believe
dialog: it had really happened, and with all
dialog: those women and children watching.
text: WE SEE AARON in his stroller at the playground that day looking up
text: toward Brad and Sarah.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Aaron had been particularly curious about
dialog: what he'd seen,
text: IN BRAD'S LIVING ROOM he situates a BLOW-UP PUNCHING CLOWN. Aaron
text: stands opposite his father.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Why you hugging that lady?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, see now, that’s what I'm trying tc
dialog: show you here with Bozo.
text: Brad kneels down in front of the clown.
speaker_heading: . _, BRAD
dialog: Sometimes it’s a game grown-ups play when
dialog: their friends.
text: Re spreads his arms in an exaggerated way.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: See?
text: Brad mechanically embraces the clown.
speaker_heading: ; BRAD
dialog: fi, I’m your friend,
text: The boy's face wears & dubious look.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Aaron was skeptical.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: They returned to the olayground the
dialog: following morning...
text: BRAD and AARON arrive to an empty PLAYGROUND.
dialog: {oe
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ..-bub Ro one was there.
text: BRAD AND AARON at the TOWN POUL. Brad scans the other PACES.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sarah hadn’t shown up at the tow pool,
dialog: either, though Brad remembered telling
dialog: her that he and Aaron could be found
dialog: there most afternoons. It didn't seem to
dialog: matter that Sarah wasn’t his type:
dialog: +.Wasn’t even that pretty, at least not
dialog: compared to Kathy...
text: IDEALIZED VISIONS of KATHY, in the way the voice describes.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: .» who had long legs, and lustrous hair,
dialog: and perfect breasts,
text: BRAD continues his daydreaming.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sarah was short, and boyish ~ and had
dialog: eyebrows that were thicker than Brad
dialog: ought necessary.
dialog: All that is described above is seen.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: But even so, she'd walked into his arns
text: that day, as if she was fulfilling a
dialog: secret wish he hadn’t remembered making,
speaker_heading: MAN (0.C.}
dialog: Hey, pervert!
text: Brad‘s eyes open, startled awake from his fantasy.
speaker_heading: MAN {ec}
dialog: Yeah you, pervert
text: Brad cringes, as he looks toward —
text: A VAN-parked by the curb directly across from him. A man gestures
text: toward Brad from the vehicle's dark cab.
speaker_heading: . MAN
dialog: Like little boys, do you?
text: The teasing note in the Man's voice is clearer now, and Brad drops his
text: guard and Squints into the van.
text: Meet LARRY HEDGES, 30. He wears a T-SHIRT with the word GUARDIANS
text: across the chest, and GRAY ATHLETIC SHORTS. He leans across the
text: passenger seat into the street-light, and grins at Brad.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Larry?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: yeah, it's fucking Larry.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Jesus, don’t even joke about that.
speaker_heading: TARRY
dialog: What are you doing right now? You busy?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Uh, actually, I'm supposed to be
dialog: studying.
text: Brad lifts his briefcase.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I’m taking the bar exam next month.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Didn't you do that last year?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah. See how well I did?
text: Larry laughs. He pops the lock on the passenger side.
speaker_heading: TARRY
dialog: Get in. I got a better idea.
text: Brad hesitates.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: C'mon, c’mon, c'mon.
text: Brad does as he is told.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. LARRY’S VAN ~ NIGHT
text: As Brad climbs in, tarry clears off the passenger seat. He tosses a
text: FOOTBALL and a pair of BINOCULARS-into the back, and lifts up a fat
text: stack of BLUE PAPER.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You mind?
text: He drops the stack onto Brad’s lap.
speaker_heading: . LARRY
dialog: Imm trying to keep them nice.
text: Brad glances at the top sheet. It’s the same flyer we've seen
text: throughout the story. His eyes stray to the bottom of the page:
text: PRID FOR BY THE COMMITTEE OF CONCERNED PARENTS,
speaker_heading: _ BRAD
dialog: You part ef the committee?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I am the committee,
dialog: ~2)~
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BRAD :
dialog: Wow, that’s quite a commitment.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: iproud)
dialog: Yea!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Aren’t you full time on the force
dialog: already?
text: Larry puts the van into gear, and pulls into the street.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: «eam taking @ little time off.
scene_heading: INT. LARRY’S VAN, MOVING ~ SAME
speaker_heading: BRAD.
dialog: (somewhat impressed) |
dialog: How’d you find out about this creep?
speaker_heading: LARRY .
dialog: There’s a web site. The state’s required
dialog: to disclose the whereabouts of convicted
dialog: sex offenders. Don't you check it?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (covering)
dialog: Not on a regular basis.
text: Larry’s expression darkens.
dialog: xp:
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: hey should just castrate the bastard and
dialog: be done with it,
text: Brad nods as noncommittally as he can.
text: A moment, In the silence, a familiar tune plays softly on the van’s
dialog: stereo system.
speaker_heading: _ BRAD
dialog: You @ Raffi fan?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (startled)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ; _ BRAD
dialog: That‘s Raffi, right? Big, Beautiful
dialog: Planet?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Ah, shit,
text: Larry punches the eject.
dialog: ~23~
speaker_heading: |. LARRY
dialog: After a while I don‘t even know what Im
text: Listening to anymore.
text: Larry Stares at Brad, a lingering appraisal.
text: Brad tries to ignore how uncomfortable this feels.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You look good, Been going to the gym?
speaker_heading: BRAD
text: Push-ups, crunches. A little running.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (to himself} .
dialog: The guys are gonna love this.
dialog: _, BRAD,
dialog: (a bit anxious)
dialog: What guys?
scene_heading: EXT. EAST WYNDAM BOMBERS’ FIELD ~ NIGHT
text: Brad and Larry head across a running track, passing A SURLY-LOOKING
text: GUY IN A WHEELCHAIR. This is BULLHORN BOB, a fixture at the stadium.
text: Brad pauses at the edge of the field, a taut blue-green skin of
text: ARTIFICIAL TURF glowing with Caribbean purity beneath dazzling
text: lights. Crisp TE LINES and NUMBERS run from one end zone to the
text: other. Between the forty yard lines, a half-dozen men toss FOOTBALLS
text: to each other, and do warm-ups.
speaker_heading: _,. BRAD
dialog: Wow. This is something.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: It’s pretty. But it doesn’t have a lot
dialog: of give. Like playing on cement.
text: They approach midfield, Some players strut up to geeet then ~ TOMMY
text: CORRENTI, a drill~sergeant of a man, with an off-kilter nose, and A
text: COMICALLY NASAL VOICE, DEWAYNE ROGERS, a squat, bald African~
text: American man, BART WILLIAMS, a no-neck white with thinning hair
text: wearing a KNEE BRACE, RICRIE MURPHY, a powerful man with red hair,
text: and PETE OLAFFSON, a scrawny man whose uniform is intentionally one
dialog: size too small.
text: Larry steps away from Brad and button~holes DeWayne, corralling him
dialog: away from the others. :
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Hey, DeWayne, I really need to talk to
dialog: you about the committee. It'd mean a lot
dialog: to have your support on this thing.
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
dialog: I told yon already Larry. None of us are
dialog: ionna get involved with that shit -~ we're
dialog: here to play ball. If that's your thing,
dialog: fine But leave us out of it man. We
dialog: can’t ~
dialog: ~24—
speaker_heading: LARRY .
dialog: {cutting him off, pissed}
dialog: T get it, I get it.
text: Larry makes a piercing whistle. The guys ail turn toward him.
speaker_heading: _ ., GARRY .
dialog: Bring it in. C'mon, hustle it up.
text: The men all gather around Larry.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Guys, I want you all to meet our new
dialog: quarterback,
text: Looking slightly out of place in his cargo shorts and polo shirt,
text: Brad stares at Larry in bewilderment.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Quarterback?
speaker_heading: CORRENTE
dialog: He better not be a pussy.
speaker_heading: _ LARRY
dialog: He played in college.
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: I’m a little behind the curve, Who are
dialog: you guys?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: We're The Guardians.
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
dialog: We're cops.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Welcome to the Tri-County Touch Football
dialog: Night League.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Our old quarterback’s wife made him quit.
dialog: foo many concussions.
text: Brad’s glance strays to Bullhorn Bob, who stares back from his
dialog: wheelchair.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I thought you said it was touch.
text: The Guardians laugh knowlagly.
speaker_heading: CORRENTE
dialog: It's tackle. We just call it touch for
dialog: insurance purposes.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Why don't we work on some simple pass
dialog: patterns?
dialog: a2
text: Brad hesitates.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Brad waited for his good sense to kick
dialog: in. There were lots of excuses available
dialog: to him.
text: He takes in his surroundings, and the faces of the other men.
speaker_heading: VOICE .
dialog: But it felt so good to be standing here
text: beneath the bright lights, And he was
text: filled with a feeling similar to the one
dialog: he'd had right before kissing Sarah, like
text: his world had cracked open to reveal a
text: thrilling new possibility.
text: His face fills with certainty.
dialog: . BRAD .
dialog: Alright. Just let me warm up a little.
text: CUT TO: IMAGE OF BRAD TAKING THE SNAP AT PRACTICE.
text: He drops back to pass, and zips a bullet to DeWayne, totally
text: oblivious as Correnti enters from his blind side and smashes him to
text: the turf with a VICIOUS CHEAP SHOT. Brad bounces up, angry and
text: confused, to confront his attacker.
speaker_heading: BRAD |
dialog: What the fuck? That was a late hit.
speaker_heading: : CORRENTI
dialog: This isn’t Pop Warner, Ace.
text: BULLHORN BOB TAUNTS BRAD FROM THE SIDELINES.
speaker_heading: , BULLEORN BOB
dialog: amplified)
dialog: You fuc'! ing faggot. You call yourself a
dialog: quarterback?
scene_heading: EXT. MCGORVEY HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Larry's van pulls up in front of a well-tended Cape.
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: This isn’t me. You turned too soon. I'm
dialog: on Ashforth.
text: Larry doesn’t answer, He just stares out the window at the house.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What're we doing here?
text: Larry presses on his horn three times, Brad startles to attention.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Why'd you do that?
dialog: ~26~
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I want this scumbag to know I'm keeping
text: an eye on hin.
text: reey sit for a long moment. Ii suddenly dawns on Brad whose house
dialog: this is.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Oh, God...2 don’t think we wanna be here,
dialog: Larry.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: It's not a question of want.
text: Larry reaches inte the back seat for his BINOCULARS and trains them
text: on the house.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Joanie thinks I’m obsessed with this
dialog: cresp. She thinks if I hada jobI
dialog: wouldn’t be driving past his house five,
dialog: six times a day. But you know what? I
dialog: kinda feel like this is my job.
text: Larry puts down the binoculars and turns to Brad.
speaker_heading: LARRY .
text: There‘s a roll of duct-tape in the glove
dialog: compartment. Could you grab it for me?
scene_heading: INT. BRAD’S HOUSE, HALLWAY — NIGHT
text: Brad closes the front door removes his shoes, and makes his way on
text: soft feet up the stairway. One of the stairs creaks. He cringes.
speaker_heading: KATHY (0.C.)
dialog: Honey?
text: He’s busted.
speaker_heading: _, BRAD
dialog: _ (like a teenager)
speaker_heading: aseDbe
scene_heading: BRAD & KATEY'S BEDROOM
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Where were you?
text: Brad stands in the doorway, and masters what bravado he can.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I, uh, joined this group, the Committee of
dialog: Concerned Parents. We're distributing
text: flyers about that creep on Woodward Court.
text: She stares at him: his torn collar, scraped knees, scratched cheek, and
text: sweat-stained armpits.
dialog: —27~
speaker_heading: KATEY
dialog: {concerned}
dialog: Were you attacked?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: These guys play a little touch football
dialog: after.
speaker_heading: . ATHY
dialog: This late?
speaker_heading: . _ BRAD
dialog: ++/it’s a night league.
text: Kathy looks confused.
speaker_heading: ; RATHY
dialog: So it's going to be a regular thing?
speaker_heading: BRAD .
dialog: No...just onee a week, after I’m finished
dialog: at the library. That okay?
speaker_heading: RATHY
dialog: Who are the guys?
speaker_heading: _ BRAD
dialog: (gaining momentum}
dialog: You remember parry Hedges from the |
dialog: sprinkler park? The guy with the twins?
dialog: It's his organization.
speaker_heading: ATHY
dialog: T thought you didn’t like him.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: He’s okay. But this committee makes a lot
dialog: of sense. It’s pretty scary having a gu
dialog: like that living right by the playground.
text: Kathy gazes lovingly at Aaron.
speaker_heading: RATHY
dialog: I know. I hate to even think about it.
text: She looks back up at her husband.
speaker_heading: RATHY
dialog: Well, you better take a shower.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S BATHROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Brad’s in the shower, frantically soaping himself.
speaker_heading: VOICE ;
dialog: Brad showered quickly, sensing & Fare
dialog: opportunity to have sex with his wife.
text: Brad brushes his teeth at twice the normal speed.
speaker_heading: —2R-
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: This is just what I need, he thought.
dialog: Something to take my mind off that kiss.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD’S BEDROOM —~ NIGHT
text: He emerges from the bathroom, wearing only boxers and his most
text: xomantié smile, He crosses to the bed and places his hands under
text: Aaron, preparing to transfer him to his own room.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Please don’t.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {trying to stay calm)
dialog: Come on, Kathy. How many times do we have
dialog: to argue about this? fe needs to start
text: sleeping by himself.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I know, But he just looks so comfy.
speaker_heading: BRAD 2 :
dialog: He'll be just as comfy in his own bed.
speaker_heading: _ KATHY
dialog: I know,..I just miss him so mich.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I'm getting a little tired of waking up
text: with his foot in my face.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: But it’s a perfect foot. Look at him.
text: dust look at him,
text: Brad ponders his sleeping child.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: He is a handsome devil.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: He's perfect.
text: Brad sighs and climbs inte bed. Before turning off the Light, Kathy
text: leans over Aaron to give him a kiss.
dialog: Good night.
dialog: Good night.
scene_heading: EXT. SARAH'S HOUSE — DAY
text: A formidable colonial on a hilly double lot.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Number two Hillcrest was an impressive
dialog: piece of real estate.
dialog: ~29—
scene_heading: INT. SARAR‘S HOUSE, VARIOUS EMPTY ROOMS — SAME
text: Space and windows. A beautiful floor plan, somewhat grand. Looking
dialog: around you will netice a kind of dead beauty to the place, All
dialog: dressed up and no place to go.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Even so, Sarah was ambivalent about the house
dialog: that she occupied, She wasn’t involved with
dialog: it’s purchase or design, The place was a hand-
dialog: me-down of sorts trom Richard’s mother, and
dialog: the furnishings were left-overs from his first
dialog: marriage.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, UPSTAIRS ATTIC UTILITY ROOM — SAME
text: A small dark narrow space with a single window at the end. An old
text: MATTRESS & BOX SPRINGS rest against the wall.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: By the time Sarah arrived here, Richard
dialog: wasn't all that interested in
dialog: redecorating. And so she decided to leave
dialog: it as it was...
text: A YOUNGER and VERY PREGNANT SARAH sorts through a gaggle of movin
text: boxes adorned with her name. She lifts out stack after stack of BOOKS.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S DOWNSTAIRS STUDY — DAY
dialog: Shelves full of books. From highbrow to lowbrow: Faulkner, Yates,
dialog: Dubus, Diet, Feminine Literature, Romantic Poets, Stein, Tuscany,
dialog: travel, White, Whitman, Wolff, and What‘s Your Birth sign? -— seasons
text: in a reader's life.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ++ewith the exception of a single room that
dialog: she staked out for her own, and graduall
dialog: began to populate it with the remnants 0:
dialog: her former self.
text: Sarah, wearing reading glasses, sits at a writing table situated
text: directly under a window, transcribing passages from Working With
text: Feminist Criticism by Mary Eagleton. S: es notes into a MT.
scene_heading: TOM 6X4 NOTEBOOK from BOB SLATE.
text: Lucy, carrying her own book, wanders over and stares up at her
text: mother, Sarah is oblivious.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Read me story.
speaker_heading: . SARAH
text: In a minute.
text: Lucy pulls at Sarah's notebook.
speaker_heading: . LUCY
dialog: I sit on your lap.
text: Sarah pulis back.
dialog: ~ 3B
dialog: i said in a minute. Now go on, finish
dialog: your program. Go.
text: The child retreats. Sarah returns to her studies.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: From the moment Lucy was born, Sarah had
dialog: refused to hire someone for child care,
dialog: She wasn’t exactly sure why she had taken
dialog: this stance. The truth was she spent most
dialog: afternoons marking time...
text: Sarah glances impatiently at her watch.
text: She spots a toy left behind by Lucy ~ She rises from the writin
text: table, bends down to pick up the item, moves to the doorway, and
text: places it on a side-table outside the room. She steps back into her
text: study, and closes the door.
speaker_heading: _,. , VOICE
text: .. Waiting desperately for the moment when
dialog: her_ husband returned from work and she
dialog: could finally have a moment to herself.
dialog: But even this was not something she could
dialog: rely on.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S PRONT ENTRY WAY — MAGIC
text: Sarah opens the door to reveal JEAN, a vigorous 60 year-old woman,
text: pumping her arms and legs on the front stoop.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Ready to roll?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Could you wait a few minutes? Richard’s
text: barricaded in the upstairs office
dialog: finishing up some stuff for work.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: No problem. I have a little surprise for
dialog: someone anyway.
text: dean steps into the house.
speaker_heading: SARAH |
dialog: She's a terror tonight. I couldn't get
dialog: her to nap again.
dialog: Poor thing.
speaker_heading: | SARA
dialog: Poor Mommy is more like it.
text: Sarah closes the front door.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S FRONT ZNTRY WAY — CONTINUOUS
text: Jean cups her hands around her mouth.
speaker_heading: 3 ]l—
dialog: Hellooo? Is there a cute little girl in
dialog: the house?
text: LUCY runs in from the other room, jumps up and throws herself into
text: the older woman‘s arms as if they're lovers meeting in an airport.
text: Jean rotates her JUMBO FANNY PACK and tugs slowly on the zipper.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Oh my goodness. Look what I found.
text: With the flair of a magician, Jean produces a TINY STUFFED DOG from
text: the pouch and hands it to an awestruck Lucy.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: A Beaniel
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: Jean, you didn’t have to do that.
speaker_heading: . JEAN
dialog: This dog needed a little girl to take
dialog: care of him. And I knew a little girl who
dialog: needed a dog.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Thank you, Jean.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S STUDY ~ LATER (MAGIC)
text: Sarah sits at her writing table, her impatience growing by the second.
text: LUCY & JEAN play in the next room at the kitchen table. Sarah extends
text: her leg, and gently closes the door, She turns and We MOVE IN on her
dialog: annoyed face -
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Sarah was beginning to get angry. Her
dialog: evening fitness walk wag the one thing
dialog: she looked forward to all day, and
dialog: Richard knew this. She didn’t care how
dialog: busy he was, it was a simple matter of
dialog: equity.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, UPSTAIRS OFFICE — SAME
text: A SILVER-FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH of Sarah and Lucy rests on a desk.
text: A distinguished looking MAN in his mid-forties sits behind the desk,
text: focusing on the COMPU’ SCREEN in front of hin.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: If there was one thing life had taught
dialog: Richard, it was that it was ridiculous to
dialog: be at war with your own desires,
text: RICHARD ms his desk drawer and removes a small rectangular Ups
dialog: shipping box,
dialog: . vorce
dialog: Be could easily imagine what people would
dialog: gay if they could see him now...
text: With trembling hands, he breaks the seal on the box, and withdraws a
text: MANILA ENVELOPE decorated with STICKERS, RED HEARTS and STARS.
speaker_heading: VOICE .
dialog: >» .exactly the same thing they'd say if
dialog: someone had told them that Ray...
text: Richard glances at A BOX that appears over HIS RIGHT SHOULDER. In it
text: — RAY, aman in his 30s, dressed in sweats, under~hands a bali to his
text: son who swings for a hit.
speaker_heading: VOICE .
dialog: ».-from next door was a transvestite...
text: Blone now, in Ray’s imagined bedroom, he gazes into a MIRROR applying LIP-
dialog: K.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: -».or that Ted from work had anonymous
dialog: gay sex at highway rest stops.
text: Richard glances at A NEW BOX that appears over HIS LEFT SHOULDER. In
text: it — another man, TED, stands at a bank of URINALS, he gives a side-
text: long glance to a SKINNY MAN using the next one over.
text: As Richard looks back down at the envelope in his hands the BOXES
text: disappear. Richard takes out a LETTER OPENER and slices through the
text: packing tape on the envelope.
speaker_heading: VOICE .
dialog: But we want what we want, Richard
dialog: thought, and there's not much we can do
dialog: about it.
text: Before removing the contents of the envelope, Richard takes the
text: photograph of his wife and daughter and turns it face down on the
dialog: Sk.
scene_heading: INT. RICHARD'S PLACE OF BUSINESS — DAY -- ELEVEN MONTHS AGO
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: He had stumbled on the site eleven months
dialog: ago, while doing research for a
dialog: consulting firm.
text: A SQUARE ROOM with dozens of MANNED CUBICLES, through the maze on the
dialog: other side of the place is -
text: A 600 square-foot office with a window, where —
text: RICHARD sits at his desk, his attention focused on his FLAT-SCREEN,
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: His office door was wide open.
text: Richard glances up from the monitor furtively.
text: He takes a breath, and his eyes go hack to the monitor.
text: His HAND holding the MOUSE hovers with anticigation.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: But he clicked on the link anyway.
text: ON the MONITOR is the HOMEPAGE of SLUTTY KAY, a BLONDE WOMAN, in her
text: thirties. There’s something graphicaily homegrown about the design.
text: It looks authentic, and not put together by a consortium in Glendale.
text: in large friendly quotes it says “actively pursuing a swinging
dialog: lifestyle, and my God-given sexuality.”
text: His hand moves the mouse. The cursor clicks on Read More About Me. A
text: long Q 6A appears next to a new image of Kay bending over a table.
text: She wears a SHORT TARTAN SKIRT with NO PANTIES.
speaker_heading: VOICE oe as
dialog: He was deeply engrossed in his discovery
dialog: when Ted knocked on his door...
text: TED, Richard's imagined REST STOP CRUISER stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ++-taking orders for a lunch run.
text: Richard looks up.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Casually, but with great haste,
text: Richard’s hand invisibly moves his mouse.
dialog: . , VOICE .
dialog: Richard banished Slutty Kay from his
dialog: screen...
text: Kay’s homepage collapses, the monitor now shows a spread sheet of
dialog: another kind.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ..-told Ted that he'd like a Chicken
dialog: Caesar...
text: Ted nods, and departs.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: agen re-entered the flow of an ordinary
dialog: ay...
text: Richard refers to some papers, and inputs data into his machine.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: «it wasn’t until several months later
dialog: that Richard gave the slightest thought
dialog: to the site he had stumbled upon...
scene_heading: INT. RICHARD’S PLACE OF BUSINESS — NIGHT — SEVERAL MONTHS LATER
text: The overhead lights are off for the night. The only illumination iz
text: eke place emanating from an office on the other side of the room,
dialog: where ~
text: RICHARD sits at his desk, shuffling papers, pretending to be busy. A
text: middle-aged SECRETARY pokes her head inte the room,
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Do you need me for anything else?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: No, why don’t you head home? I'm gonna
text: catch up on some e-mail.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY ;
dialog: Well, don’t stay too late. Your dinner‘1l
dialog: get cold,
text: Richard smiles and waves goodbye. He lets a couple of seconds pass,
text: then gets up and locks his office door.
text: Richard returns to his desk, his attention now refocused on his flat-
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Lately, Slutty Kay had become a problem.
text: The cursor highlights a BOOKMARK in his preferences entitled —
text: Slutty Kay positions & implements.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: He thought about her far too often, and
dialog: Spent hours studying the thousands of
text: photographs available to him.
text: Richard’s CURSOR flies across the SCREEN and launches his BROWSER.
text: Kay appears in various positions, outfits, and as the bookmark title
dialog: indicated, utilizing all kinds of implements.
speaker_heading: VOICE _ .
dialog: Some of Kay‘’s practices struck him as
dialog: bizarre, even off-putting, She had a
dialog: thing about kitchen utensils, spatulas,
text: barbecue forks, and dressing up like a
text: little girl and playing with balloons.
dialog: But who was Richard to judge?
text: He pulls a box of KLEENEX from the BOTTOM DRAWER, and licks his lips.
text: iis eyes dreamy, and hungry. He pulls down his trousers and gets down
dialog: to business.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Though, as close as Richard sometimes
dialog: felt to Slutty Kay — as much as he
dialog: believed that he knew her...
text: Richard keeps yanking, a desperate impatience on his face.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: -«-he could never get past the
dialog: uncomfortable fact that she existed for
text: him solely as a digital image.
text: He looks down at his lap, Things don’t seem to he going well.
dialog: 3
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, UPSTAIRS OFFICE - BACK TO PRESENT — MAGIC
text: CLOSE ON: Richard's HANDS as they remove the contents of the HEART-
text: COVERED MANILA ENVELOPE: three POLAROIDS of SLUTTY KAY wearing a
text: POLKA DOP THONG in various poses. Each of them bear the greeting,
dialog: scrawled in black sharpie, Hi Richard!
dialog: _. oIck .
dialog: The panties were an attempt to solve this
dialog: problem.
text: His HANDS reach back in and pall out the actual THONG in the photos.
text: He raises it a gouple of inches from his face, tentatively giving it
text: his nasal appraisal.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Maybe a sniff or two would hurry things
dialog: along, so he could get back downstairs to
dialog: his real life...
text: He reaches down with his other hand, and jerks off.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ++, where his wife and daughter were
text: waiting for him, their impatience
text: increasing by the minute.
text: SARAH stands at the bottom of the Stairway staring up. Her patience
text: at an end. She hesitates just a moment before making the long climb.
text: Unaware that she is about to play her own version of Aaron’s Train
dialog: LeCK.
text: She arrives outside the office door, and gives a tentative knock.
text: No answer. She reaches down and turns the knob. The door swings open
dialog: to -
text: RICHARD jerking. He now wears the polka dot thong like a gas mask:
text: over his mouth and nose. Inhaling its scent with gusto.
text: SARAH peers inside. Her expression wavering between revulsion and
text: amazement, Richard is oblivious.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Ahen.
text: Richard whips his head around, the thong still pressed over the lower
text: half of his face. He scrambles to hide the evidence.
speaker_heading: , SARAH
dialog: Is this going to take much longer? I’d
dialog: really like to go for my walk.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
text: pulling the thong off his face}
dialog: You could have knocked,
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: i did.
dialog: {backing out of the room}
dialog: We need to talk.
dialog: ~36—
scene_heading: SARAH'S STREET — MAGIC
text: Sarah and Jean at the end of their power walk.
speaker_heading: JEAN | s z
dialog: tou're awfully quiet tonight. Everything
dialog: okay?
text: Sarah snaps out of it.
dialog: What? Yeah.
speaker_heading: JEAN .
dialog: You'll have to walk without me tomorrow
dialog: night. I have a book group meeting.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay.
text: Silence. Then.
speaker_heading: JEAN .
dialog: You're sure everything’s alright?
speaker_heading: SARAH .
dialog: Yeah, sorry, I guess I'm just a little
dialog: tired... 80, what are you reading?
dialog: Crime and Punishment.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Wow, That‘s pretty highbrow for a book
dialog: group.
text: They turn the final corner onto their own street.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: We have some very stimulating
dialog: discussions. You should come next month.
dialog: We're doing Madame Bovary. You could be
dialog: my little Sister.
speaker_heading: . SARAH
dialog: Little sister?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: We're trying to get younger women
dialog: involved. We call them our little
dialog: sisters.
speaker_heading: SARAH .
dialog: I don't know, I read Madame Bovary in
dialog: grad school, It’s a pretty misogynist
dialog: text.
text: Sarah slows, squinting at a shadowy figure on her front steps.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Well, that’s an interesting perspective.
dialog: You should come.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Excuse me, Jean. Someone’s at my door.
dialog: T’1i call you.
text: Sarah hurries off, leaving Jean behind in the street.
text: THERESA from the playground sits on Sarah's front steps, smoking a
text: cigarette. She smiles stiffly as Sarah approaches.
text: Sarah stops at the base of the steps.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: a bit flustered)
dialog: Well, this is a surprise. I haven’t seen
dialog: you since...
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: I hope you don’t mind. Your husband said
dialog: you'd be back any minute.
dialog: Not at ali.
text: she smiles at Theresa.
speaker_heading: SARAHB
dialog: It’s good to see you. Can I make you a
dialog: cup of tea or something?
speaker_heading: THERESA :
dialog: T can only stay a minute. I just wanted
dialog: to warn you. You know that guy? The
text: pervert? He's been riding his bike near
text: the playground, checking out the kids.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: Oh, God. Do the police know?
speaker_heading: THERESA ;
dialog: Nothing they can do. He’s not breaking —
dialog: any laws. I guess they’re waiting for him
dialog: to kill someone. I just thought you
dialog: should know.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks. That’s nice of zou.
dialog: (then, plaintively)
dialog: You sure you don’t want some tea?
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Theresa stands up,
speaker_heading: | THERESA
dialog: i don't think it’s a good idea.
dialog: ~3]~
dialog: —38—
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I didn’t mean to kiss him. I don’t even
dialog: know how it happened.
text: She pats Sarah gently on the am.
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: I better go. Mike’s gonna worry.
text: She leaves Sarah standing there alone. Sarah turns and stares at the
text: front door, stealing herself for what she knows is waiting for her on
text: the other side. She lets out a groan, reaches for the doorknob and
dialog: heads into -
scene_heading: INT. SARAH’S HOUSE, FOYER — SAME
text: The front entry-way, where Richard stands wearing a hangdo expression.
text: He stares at her pathetically, like a child waiting to ‘orgiven.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: «.-you want to talk?
text: Sarah brushes past him and heads upstairs.
dialog: I'm tired.
text: Richard looks both disappointed and relieved.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH’S HOUSE, UPSTAIRS HALLWAY — MORNING
text: Sarah peeks into Lucy’s room. The child is still asleep. THE SOUND OF
text: A CAR STARTING brings Sarah over to the window at the top of the
text: stairs. She looks down at —
speaker_heading: THE DRIVEWAY
text: To see Richard’s car pulling away, on his way to work.
speaker_heading: UPSTAIRS OFFICE
text: Sarah closes the door to Richard’s office, moves over to the window,
text: pulls up the shade, and scans the room. She moves over to the desk,
text: and begins to investigate - looking at paperwork, rifling drawers,
text: and examining computer disks. She glances down at a smal] WASTEBASKET
text: topped with WADDED UP TISSUES. She grimaces, disgusted.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, DINING ROOM ~ SAME
text: Brad sits at the dining room table going through credit card bills
text: from five different companies, A YELLOW POST IT is attached to the
text: outside of one of the envelopes. In a neat feminine cursive is
text: scrawled “Brad! Please look this over.” His hands obey, and puli out
dialog: an itemized report, that has multiple items highlighted Sports
dialog: illustrated, Men's Fitness, and hothering Magazine, In the margins
text: the same cursive asks “Do you really need these?” The phone rings,
text: and Brad answers it.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Hello? No, he’s still sleeping... yeah,
dialog: i'm going through them now...No, I quess
dialog: I don’t need them...alright have a good —
text: She's already hung up. Brad hangs up, closes his eyes, and steels
text: himself. He looks utterly defeated.
scene_heading: SARAH'S STUDY — MOMENTS LATER
text: AN UNTOUCHED MUG OF TEA on the writing table in front of her, Sarah
text: sits there with a thousand mile stare on her face, Finally, she picks
text: up her notebook, and book of essays on Feminist Criticism, and tries
text: to get interested. It’s no use. She sets them down abruptly, and
dialog: moves over to ~
text: A SIDE-TABLE stacked with periodicals. She rifles through and
text: discards: Ad Busters, Mother Jones, The Utne Reader, The Paris
text: Review, before finding the object of her desire — the latest
text: catalogue from J-CREW.
text: She moves to an old HIGH-BACK CHAIR with her prize, and starts
text: browsing the pages. She takes a huge gulp of tea, her left hand
text: absently reaches for the television remote, and turns on the set.
text: An infomercial for Nature-Bra preaches "the Joys of perk breasts.”
text: Sarah focuses on a J-CREW Model clad in a NE PIECE BATHING
text: SUIT, as the seductive spokeswoman for Nature-Bra points out the
dialog: possible benefits of using this product “post breast feeding.” Sarah
text: urns her attention from the catalogue to the screen, just in time
dialog: to “learn how to order.”
scene_heading: EXT. SARAH'S HOUSE ~ MORNING
text: A FED-EX TRUCK pulls away after making it’s appointed rounds.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, KITCHEN TABLE ~ DAY
text: A KITCHEN KNIFE rips through a CARDBOARD BOX past a shipping label
speaker_heading: from J-CREW.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN POOL — DAY
text: Wearing an unbuttoned MEN’S SHIRT over her BATHING SUIT, Sarah peers
text: through a CHAIN-LINR FENCE, Lucy at her side.
text: An enormous rectangle of water framed by a CONCRETE WALKWAY, set at
text: the bottom of a grassy hill.
text: A SLY SMILE OF RECOGNITION passes across Sarah’s face.
text: In the middle-distance BRAD AND AARON SIT SHADED BY A TREE.
text: Sarah flashes her ID at a BORED-LOOKING TEENAGER reading a Stephen
text: King novel. The kid waves them in. Sarah takes Lucy straight to
text: THE WADING POOL. She attaches a pair of INFLATABLE WATER-WINGS to
text: iucy’s arms, and sits her on the edge of the pool. She sneaks a
text: glance up the hill toward Brad & Aaron’s tree, hoping to catch a
text: certain someone’s eye. She does.
text: BRAD, shirtless, sits on a beach towel in a patch of shade. He looks
text: in her direction. Then looks away quickly.
dialog: ~49—
text: SARAE sets LUCY into the WADING POOL, and makes a show of playing
text: with her daughter, throwing the occasional glance up the hill to make
dialog: sure he's still there -
text: He is, pretending to read a magazine.. Aaron in his JESTER’S CaP,
text: stages collisions with TOY TRUCKS. But the boy grows bored and
text: teddles over to his father, pulling on Brad’s arm.
speaker_heading: ARRON
dialog: Daddy. I go in pool now.
text: Brad‘s not sure he’s ready for that.
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: «ein a minute.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Daddy, now!
text: IN THE WADING POOL, Sarah watches Lucy, but she's clearly distracted.
text: She steals another look,
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Mommy? I havta to go pee pee.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Just go in the pool.
text: Lucy shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Really? Okay, ¢’mon.
text: She grabs Lucy, and they head to the LADIES'S LOCKER ROOM,
text: UNDER THE TREE, Brad sees his chance to avoid an encounter, and
text: satisfy Aaron at the same time. He stands, picks up his son, and
text: heads down the hill toward the pool.
text: IN THE WADING POOL, Brad & Aaron roughhouse and play. Brad is more
text: engaged with his child, but like Sarah, he can't help wishing he had
text: eyes in the back of his head. He keeps scanning the area, on the
text: lookout for her. His eyes fixate on the LADIES'S LOCKER ROOM DOOR.
text: Women and children come and go, but no Sarah or Lucy.
text: Finally Brad begins to relax, allowing himself to become completely
text: absorbed in play.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Brad and Aaron squint into the sun as they trudge up the hill toward
text: their tree. It’s not until they have almost reached the shady place
dialog: that they discover —
text: SARAH & LUCY spread out on towels right next to their own.
speaker_heading: SARAE |
dialog: (mock surprise}
dialog: Oh my God, it’s you.
text: Brad stares at her, somewhat surprised, and worried at the same time.
dialog: it~
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: How. Hey.
text: Sarah removes a BOTTLE OF SUNSCREEN from a bag. She squeezes a gob of
text: it inte her hand and begins slathering it all over Lucy, who 5) its
text: like a good soldier. She turns to Brad.
speaker_heading: SARAH - .
dialog: I hope you don’t mind. Lucy has sensitive
dialog: skin, She’s better off in the shade.
speaker_heading: __ BRAD
dialog: {polite} . .
dialog: Not at all. It’s nice te see you again.
text: He sets Aaron down on their blanket, and begins drying the boy off.
text: After finishing with Lucy, Sarah removes the MEN'S SHIRT; revealing
text: her RED ONE PIECE. She begins to rub lotion on her arms.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {casually)
dialog: I'm sorry, could you get my back?
text: Brad turns around.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: .. etm, okay, sure.
text: He squirts lotion into his hand and begins RUBBING IT INTO HER BACK
text: in a POLITE and BUSINESSLIKE MANNER. Sarah closes her eyes and leans
text: back into the massage. After a few seconds, she smiles over her
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks alot. Lucy? Say hi to the little
text: boy from the playground.
speaker_heading: . LUCY
dialog: Bi.
speaker_heading: . ARRON
dialog: Hi.
dialog: Remember him?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: The pool became a ritual.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN POOL — ANOTHER DAY
text: Sarah & Lucy arrive at the entrance. Sarah waves to Brad who has
text: already arrived, and sits with Aaron under the tree. He waves back.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Day after day, Ehey sat together in the
dialog: shade, getting to know each other...
text: Same spot, DIFPERENT DAY. Now Sarah’s doing Brad’s back.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: _ VOICE
dialog: distributing snacks...
text: SBRAH DISBURSES GOLDFISH CRACKERS TO EACH CHILD
speaker_heading: yOICE .
dialog: »..and brokering eccagional disputes.
text: AARON AND LUCY ENGAGE IN A FIERCE STRUGGLE FOR POSSESSION OF ONE OF
speaker_heading: SARAH'S FLIP FLOPS
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Having little choice in the matter, Aaron
text: and Lucy formed a fragile friendship.
scene_heading: LUCY LISTENS TO BIG BEAR'S HEART WITH A TOY STETHOSCOPE. AARON
text: ADMINISTERS AN INJECTION WITH A TOY SYRINGE
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sometimes Brad and Sarah traded
dialog: offspring.
text: IN THE POOL, BRAD TEACHES LUCY HOW TO DOG-PADDLE
text: ON THE BLANKET, SARAH HOLDS A SLEEPY AARON IN HER ARMS, HIS HEAD ON HER
text: SHOULDER, THE TENDRILS OF HIS HEADGEAR DROOPING OVER HER BACK AND CHEST.
text: HER FACE BREAKS INTO A GRIN AS...
text: .+.HARY ANN, wearing SUNGLASSES AND A FLOPPY HAT, spots her from the
text: walkway. Mary Ann puts on a painfully fake smile and waves to Sarah.
text: Sarah waves back triumphantly.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It was the most fun Sarah had had in
dialog: years.
text: Fresh from the pool, Brad leans back and soaks up the sun, his body
text: glistening with luminous droplets of water.
text: Sarah devours him with her eyes.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: But there was always that longing to
dialog: touch, to be touched by Brad. And as |
dialog: badly as she wanted this, she wanted just
dialog: as badly. to hold on to the innocent
dialog: public life they'd made for themselves
text: out in the open, with the other parents
dialog: and children.
text: DAMP AND TIRED, BRAD AND SARAH GATHER UP THEIR THINGS.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: So she accepted the trade...
text: With a bittersweet expression, Brad extends his hand to Sarah.
speaker_heading: ICE
dialog: ...the melancholy handshake at four
dialog: o'clock...
dialog: ~
text: They shake and part ways.
speaker_heading: ; VOICE
dialog: -+-ip exchange for this little patch of
text: grass, some Sunscreen and companionship.
text: Late light rakes an empty pool, and its now deserted surroundings.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: One more happy day at the pool.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, KITCHEN — MORNING
text: Aaron sits in his highchair shovelling oatmeal into his mouth. Kath
text: marks up some copy with a red pen as she finishes with her breakfast.
text: Brad watches the two of them, waiting to be noticed or acknowledged
text: in some way, shape, or form, Finally, Kathy speaks.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: No pasta for dinner, okay? We eat way too
dialog: mach pasta around here.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I thought you liked pasta.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I do. That's the problem. Pretty soon
dialog: I’ll be able to séli advertising space on
dialog: my ass... I better hurry. I've got a nine
text: o’clock at TAPS.
text: She rises, gathers up paperwork and the breakfast plates.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What is that?
scene_heading: __KATEY .
dialog: Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors.
speaker_heading: BRAD .
dialog: I thought you were already editing.
text: She carries the dishes over to the sink.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: So did I. But this family’s story just
dialog: got me... the father was killed ina
text: mortar attack on his base. Left behind a
text: a little boy, and a baby girl.
text: She starts rinsing plates.
speaker_heading: KATEY
dialog: I spoke with his wife on the phone
dialog: yesterday... said she didn’t know what
dialog: she was gonna do next Christmas.
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: Oh jeez, I bet.
text: She shakes her head.
dialog: —~44—
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: _ (reflective)
dialog: No, it wasn't like that. It was more
dialog: wondering if she should keep a tradition
dialog: with her son that she began with the boy's
dialog: father... said her husband had had a knack
text: for requesting odd Christmas gifts. A scuba
dialog: suit one year, rappelling gear the
dialog: next.,.said he wasn't afraid to try
dialog: anything.
text: Over Brad's face ~ THE NOON BELLS TOLL FROM ST. PAUL’S TOWER.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN POOL — DAY
text: It’s hot, humid, and horrible. The children sit together on a towel
text: occupied with their play. Sarah lies on her back BRAD’S T-SHIRT over
text: her face.
text: Brad allows himself the pleasure of pouring his eyes over Sarah's
text: body completely unobserved. Then —
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hot enough for you?
text: For a moment, Brad thinks he’s been caught, but then he realizes it's
text: an innocent enough question.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: »ssyeah, it's so humid, I got Football
dialog: practice tonight. Be like playing in a
dialog: sauna.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Watch out for that Italian guy. What's
dialog: his name again?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Correnti?
text: Brad smiles, pleased that she’s taken an interest, and has even gone
dialog: so far as to remember something he only mentioned in passing.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yeah. Remember what happened to your knee
dialog: last week?
text: She lays the back of her hand surreptitiously on his chest.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You should be careful, Brad.
text: He stares at her hand just as she moves it away.
dialog: ‘ll be careful.
speaker_heading: . SARAE
dialog: Promise?
dialog: ~45~
speaker_heading: __ BRAD
dialog: {smiles}
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, I promise
text: A moment passes between them.
text: Brad breaks it by talking about - what else? The weather.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {looks at the sky}
dialog: Weatherman said scattered showers, I
text: don’t see any scattered showers.
text: A man in LOUD SWIM TRUNKS, with an ORANGE DIVING MASK on his forehead
text: and a SCUBA FLIPPER in each hand, stands by the lifeguard chair. He
text: scans his surroundings. He is —
text: The face from the flyers, RONNIE MCGORVEY.
text: McGorvey drops his towel and begins putting on his flippers.
text: He lowers his mask, slides feet-first into the i, and begins
dialog: exploring — participating in water play, and taking in the general
dialog: scenery.
text: SARAH props her self up and reaches for her book. It is at precisely
text: this moment that she sees him.
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: . SARAE
dialog: It's him.
dialog: . oa
dialog: {squinting
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
text: At first, no one else seems to notice his presence in the water.
text: BEACH BALLS float through the air. Kids keep CANNONBALLING and BELLY-
text: FLOPPING off the diving board.
text: But then, not far from Brad and Sarah on the hill, an EXTREMELY
text: AGITATED WOMAN stands up, and shouts,
speaker_heading: AGITATED WOMAN
dialog: Jimny! Jimmy Mancino! Out of the pool
dialog: this instant!
text: 3 SKINNY TEN-YEAR-OLD starts paddling. uncertainty toward the edge of
dialog: the pool.
speaker_heading: , AGITATED WOMAN
dialog: Jimny, now!
text: ANOTHER ADULT VOICE rings out, followed by a PARENTAL CHORUS.
speaker_heading: —4h—
speaker_heading: ADULT VOICE
dialog: Randall, Juliette! You toc
speaker_heading: PRRENTAL CHORUS
dialog: Grace! Pablo| Ruby! Tyler! Maxi Rebeccal
dialog: Lilly! Zoe!
text: The SHALLOW END empties first, ANXIOUS MOTHERS wading out with
text: FRIGHTENED TODDLERS in their arms. Before long, the OLDER KIDS are
text: climbing ovt, too, standing in sullen confusion on the walkway.
text: All over the hillside, adults are whipping out MOBILE PHONES, dialing
text: UNDERWATER - Ronnie McGorvey plunges toward the bottom of the deep
text: end with the heavy grace of a seal. He rises slowly -
text: Breaking the SURFACE to find himself alone in the pool.
text: Ronnie’s EYES dart around inside his MASK, absorbing the situation.
text: He ducks BACK UNDER, cutting through the water, moving his arms in
text: wide lazy circles. He looks peaceful, unhurried.
text: He FLOATS on his BACK for a while, his pale belly rising out of the
text: water like a deserted island.
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER
text: TWO COPS enter the pool area and approach McGorvey. Aaron and Lucy
dialog: have taken notice, too.
dialog: _ ley
dialog: Why the police is here?
text: Sarah checks with Brad, uncertain.
speaker_heading: : SARAH
dialog: There’s a man in the pool that didn’t buy
text: a ticket to get in, and the police are
dialog: asking him to leave.
text: The cops speak to lcGorvey. The exchange seems polite, almost
text: friendly. After a moment, one cop reaches down and gives him a hand
text: getting out of the water.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: What's those? On the feet?
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: Flippers. They help you swim better.
text: McGorvey grabs his towel, and begins trudging toward the exit, his
text: flippers slapping wetly on the ground. He stops to pull them off,
text: then strips off the mask, turning toward the hillside. Be spreads his
text: ams wide, addressing the public in a loud voice.
speaker_heading: MCGORVEY
dialog: E was only trying to cool off:
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN POOL — LATER
text: Tt seems like the whole town has crowded into the pool, the DECENT
text: PEOPLE OF East Wyndam reclaiming it for their own.
text: The COLLECTIVE FUNK has broken. Adults get inte giggly splashing
text: fights. Everybody tries to keep a beach ball aloft.
text: THE SUN BEGINS TO DISAPPEAR BEHIND A CLOUD.
text: The DISTANT RUMBLE of THUNDER. The sky goes DARK. It begins to SHOWER,
text: it seems like good fun until the LIGHTNING FLASH. A LIFEGUARD speaks
text: through a LOUDSPEAKER.
speaker_heading: LIFEGUARD (0.C.}
dialog: Clear the pool, please.
text: The rain intensifies as Sarah and Brad gather their things.
text: A SAVAGE CRACK OF THUNDER SOUNDS. Lucy whimpers and latches onto
text: Sarah’s leg. Sarah lifts her up.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We better get going.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You're gonna carry her?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It'll be faster,
speaker_heading: BRAD .
dialog: That’s crazy. Put her in the stroller.
text: Sarah glances at the stroller. BIG BEAR stares back.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: She won't do the stroller.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Hey, Lucy? Want a ride?
text: Lucy unlatches from Sarah's leg and runs right into Brad‘s arms, and
text: he Sets her up in the thing.
text: Sarah is both impressed, and envious.
speaker_heading: . SARAB
dialog: But it’s out of your way.
speaker_heading: __ BRAD
dialog: We don’t mind, do we, Aaron?
text: A FLASH OF LIGHTNING
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay, Then run, quick.
speaker_heading: —4g—
scene_heading: EXT. SARAH'S STREET — LATER
text: Brad pushes the double stroller at a fast clip. Sarah, carrying Big
text: Bear in her arms, leads him toward her house.
scene_heading: EXT. SARAH'S HOUSE (SUN ROOH) ~ SAME
text: Sarah kneels down to unbuckle Lucy. Both kids SLEEF LIKE ANGELS,
text: Lucy’s head lolling on Aaron's shoulder.
text: Sarah hesitates, uncertain whether to invite Brad in, This AWKWARD
text: MOMENT is interrupted by a CLOSE LIGHTNING FLASH.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: You better come in. I can’t let you walk
dialog: home in this.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM, STAIRS ~ SAME
text: The two enter with the kids in tow. Sarah heads straight in, Brad a
text: few paces behind, takes in the place: Expensive, tasteful, and a
text: couple of notches up the food chain from what he is used to. Sarah
text: heads upstairs carrying Lucy.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: We can lie them down in Lucy’s room.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Okay.
text: He follows her up the stairway.
scene_heading: INT. LUCY’S BEDROOM — DAY
text: The children, dry now, sleep on Lucy’s bed. AARON clad in one of
text: LUCY’S FLOWER COVERED NIGHTGOWNS. Brad and Sarah, still soaked, watch
text: them in nervous silence.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ._ , (whispers)
dialog: This is amazing. She never naps.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: whispers)
dialog: Aaron’il be out for the next two hours.
dialog: I'll have to get him out of that
dialog: nightgown before he wakes up, or he’il
dialog: never forgive me.
text: Sarah looks at him and smiles.
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS HALLWAY ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: Brad waits on the stairs as Sarah secures the BABY GATE.
scene_heading: BOTTOM OF STAIRS/LIVINGROOM - SAME
text: Sarah & Brad head down the final stairs, and into the liviag room.
text: The safety of the public arena removed, makes keeping each other's
dialog: company clumsy.
dialog: ~§9—
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: Nice place.
speaker_heading: | SARAH
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah,
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Richard does alright for himself.
text: The comment is not meant to intimidate, but it does.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What’s he do again?
speaker_heading: . SARAH
dialog: Lies. .
text: ghey stand there staring at each other. Puddles forming at their
dialog: eet.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: Um. Please, have a seat. Make yourself at
dialog: home.
text: Brad laughs, and pulls at his soaked clothing.
speaker_heading: BRAD ,
dialog: I better not. I‘11 ruin your furniture,
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: nervous}
dialog: Right. I'll just put the children’s
dialog: things in the dryer, and get us some
dialog: towels.
text: She heads out of the room quickly, leaving Brad alone.
text: He looks off the main entry way to a succession of small rooms, an
text: open door leads to the first room situated behind a back staircase,
text: clearly what was at one time quarters for a maid. He steps inside.
text: Nothing much to see. On the other side of the room is another door,
text: gH htly ajar. He wanders in that direction, and opens the door,
dialog: inding ~
speaker_heading: SARAH‘S STUDY
text: ue steps into the room, and takes a quick inventory of the place, her
dialog: place.
text: He moves toward her old high-back, and pushes a finger into one of
text: the many holes in its torn fabric.
text: One of SARAH'S SCARVES is draped across the top of the chair, He
text: places bis palm underneath the garment —- the material cascading over
dialog: nis hand.
text: At the base of a VASE full of FRESH FLOWERS lie Sarah’s READING
speaker_heading: GLASSES .
speaker_heading: 5G
text: fhe tips of his fingers glide across her writing Kable; past Theresa
text: Raguin, to a book of English Love Sonnets. The K opens easily,
text: marked by an, ag yet, not fully dry rose, pressed against an off read
text: iece: Sonnet 147 by William Shakespeare. Specific Lines appear to
dialog: have been recently underlined:
dialog: My Love is as a fever, The uncertain sickly appetite to please,
dialog: Angry that his prescriptions are not kept, Past cure am I.
text: He turns the page to find a tucked-in SNAP-SHOT of BRAD, AARON, and
text: LUCY at the town pool.
text: The book snaps shut.
text: He puts it back down on the table, like it may burn his hand.
text: His face a mess of conflicting emotions.
scene_heading: LAUNDRY ROOM ~ SAME
text: Sarah empties dry bedding and towels from a FRONT LOADER into an empty
text: laundry basket. She grabs the children’s wet things, throws them into
text: the dryer and starts the cycle. She moves the basket to a folding
text: table on the other side of the small basement room, pulls out two
text: towels and begins folding them into thirds.
text: Slowly, A SHADOW begins to grow across her back —
text: Brad’s shoulder, and head appear.
text: ae continues folding. Oblivious to everything but the sound of the
dialog: an
text: He raises his hand, about to place it on her arm, when suddenly she
text: turns, coming face-to-face with him. Startled, she gasps.
text: She looks genuinely frightened. What is he doing down here?
text: The two of them just stare at each other — both appear unable to move.
text: Finally, she lifts up the two towels she has folded, and offers one io
text: him, there is something oddly formal about her gesture.
text: He takes the towel from her hand and drops it to the floor. She
text: somewhat timidly drops the other one.
text: He pulls her into him, and begins toe kiss her, gentle, then forceful.
text: Her eyes dart all over the place. Then instinct kick in, and she
text: surrenders to the moment. The kiss becomes completel electrifying,
text: the kind of kiss that would make perfect sense outside a dorm room at
text: two in the morning. Their hands find each other for the first time,
text: all bets are off — the play is real.
scene_heading: LAUNDRY ROOM — MOMENTS LATER
text: SQUAUK — The dryer announces that it bas reached the end of its
text: cycle, However, the silence is short-lived. Grateful moans accompany
text: the view of Sarah perched on the edge of a STONE SOAP SINK, gripping
text: Brad‘s backside as he thrusts himself into her.
dialog: ~5]-
text: Brad picks up the pace. They’ve reached a level of near-frenzy, when
text: Brad SUDDENLY STOPS.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Do you feel guilty about this?
text: Sarah thinks this over.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: No. I don’t.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Ido. I feel really bad.
text: Sarah grimaces, steeling herself for disappointment. But the
text: deliberate motion of Brad’s body betray his words, putting her
text: mind at ease, and her body on high alert. She begins to vocalize
text: uncontrollably. The laundry room door is slightly open, and she
dialog: looks toward the ~
speaker_heading: BALLWAY
dialog: Nobody’s there, but us.
scene_heading: EXT. SARAH'S HOUSE, FRONT DOOR ~ SAME
text: The rain pours down on the DOUBLE STROLLER — standing sentinel over
dialog: the front door,
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, UPSTAIRS HALLWAY — NIGHT
text: MOVE down an UNKNOWN corridor. Stop at the end, outside a closed
text: door. MAY MCGORVEY, 70, small, frail, and fierce, leans in and
text: listens. She reaches up and gently knocks. Nothing. She knocks again,
speaker_heading: MAY |
dialog: (gently quiet)
dialog: +.»SOn?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: ++ Son?
text: She turns to go.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: {almost to herself)
dialog: +» - dream well,
text: She pads back down the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, MAY'S ROOM -- NIGET
text: May lies in bed reading, THE FIVE PEOPLE YOU MEET IN HEAVEN. She
text: closes the book, and p aces it on her night table. She stares up at
text: the ceiling towards the heavens. A change begins to come over her.
text: She grabs the EAST WYNDAM HERALD lying next to her, and quickly sorts
text: through the sections until she finds what she’s after.
dialog: hee
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: May knew it wasn’t natural for a grow
dialog: man to be living with his mother, no
dialog: hobbies, no diversions ~ It was {ike he
dialog: wes still in prison.
text: She folds the Herald so that it’s manageable, grabs a RED FLAIR PEN
text: from her bedside, and begins circling things in the newspaper.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: What he needed was a gizltriend, and May
dialog: intended to help him find one.
dialog: TICK, TICK ....-
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, LIVING ROOM ~ MORNING
text: TICK, TICK, TICK. ANSONIA clocks line every available table, side
text: table, and shelf, in the room, Shelf space is at a premium though.
text: Most are adorned with HUMMEL PORCELAIN FIGURINES: little boys in
text: charming Bavarian garb depicting the gentle innocence of childhood:
text: Afternoon Nap, Under an ella, Star Gazer, Newsboy, Playing with
text: a Train, and A Flower for Mother. Someone is a serious collector.
dialog: That someone is —
text: MAY, who sits in a swivel BARCALOUNGER with a folded NEWSPAPER on
text: her lap, a PAD and PENCIL in her hands. She stares across the room
text: to where Ronnie sits sipping coffee from a mug, and reading Soldier
dialog: of Fortune Magazine.
speaker_heading: MAY
text: There are two whole columns of lonely
text: women here, and only a handful of men.
dialog: The odds are on our side. Why wouldn’t
dialog: one of these women want to meet a nice
dialog: person like you?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I’m not a nice person.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: You did a bad thing. But that doesn’t
dialog: mean you're a bad person.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I have a psychosexual disorder.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: You're better now. They wouldn’t have let
dialog: you out if you weren’t.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: they let me out because they had to.
text: May looks nervous.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: Well, maybe if you found a girlfriend
dialog: closer to your ow age, you wouldn’t have
dialog: the bad urges so often.
dialog: ij
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: i don’t want a girlfriend my own age
dialog: Mommy. I wish I'did.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: What ‘re ye gonna do when I'm gone? Who’s
dialog: gonna take care of you?
text: Ronnie looks alarmed. He gets up and sits at his mother’s feet.
speaker_heading: RONNIE ;
dialog: Whatsa matter Mommy? You sick or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: I’m an old woman, I’m not gonna live
dialog: forever. Who’s gonna cook for you? Who's
dialog: gonna wash the dishes?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I can wash the dishes.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: You never washed a dish in your life.
speaker_heading: _. _ RONNIE
dialog: I could if I had to. I’m not a retard.
text: She reaches out and takes his hand.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: No, you're not... you‘re a miracle
dialog: Ronnie... we’re all miracles. You know
dialog: why? Because as humans, every day we
dialog: about our business, and all that time we
dialog: know — we all know, that the things we
dialog: love, the people we love — at any time it
dialog: can all be taken away... we live knowing
dialog: that, and we keep golng anyway. i
dialog: don’t do that.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: Now, I'm not asking you to get married
dialog: Ronnie. I’m just saying put an ad in the
dialog: paper. See what happens.
text: Romnie sighs; she’s worn him down.
speaker_heading: . RONNEE
dialog: Fine, 1°11 do it if it'll make you happy.
dialog: But just one date, alright?
text: May beams. She scribbles something on the pad,
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: You have a nice smile. Why don’t we start
dialog: with that?
text: Ronnie seems pleased, but also hungry for more praise.
dialog: =o
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What else?
text: Hay seems to be at a momentary loss, then —
speaker_heading: MAY .
dialog: You always eat what I put in front of
dialog: you. You never complain,
text: She writes down these things but before she can continue —
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What else,
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: (confident }
dialog: You're trying to get back in shape. You
dialog: exercise. :
text: Ronnie beams. May steals a look at her son, then continues the list.
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY ROUSE, ENTRY WAY — LATER ~ MORNING
text: Ronnie walks his YELLOW SCHWINN ten-speed past the kitchen, and heads
text: to the front door.
speaker_heading: MAY (0.C.)
dialog: Wait right there, young man.
text: May comes into the hallway from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: If you’re going out for some exercise,
dialog: you can post this now.
text: She hands him an envelope. He glances down the address —
scene_heading: The East Wyndam Register ~ ATTN: PERSONALS DEPT.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Emm.
text: He opens the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. MCGORVEY HOUSE — MORNING
text: Ronnie stands framed in the open threshold, The FRONT DOOR behind him
text: is plastered with LARRY'S FLYERS affixed with DUCT-TAPE. He stares
text: out toward something as yet unseen, and smiles. He continues to stand
text: there a moment, and then walks his bike off the porch. Be gets on and
dialog: gides down the -
text: DRIVEWAY, across which is spray-painted a singular word -E VIL
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, ATTIC UTILITY ROOM — DAY
text: Brad stands nude, facing out the narrow window. A moment later, a
text: nude Sarah rises up behind him, puts her arms around him, and reaches
text: around to his crotch.
speaker_heading: SARAN
dialog: {breathing hard)
dialog: c'mon. Let's do it again.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Okay. Just gimme a second. It's hotter
dialog: than hell up here. What’s wrong with the
dialog: laundry room?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No mattress, C'mon lie down.
text: hey fall onto a mattress on the floor, suxrounded by dong forgotten
text: attic storage. Boxes, and things once belonging to Richard’s mother.
speaker_heading: SARAHB
dialog: You’re nervous, aren’t you?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Whatta you mean?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: The game. Don’t worry. You're gonna be
dialog: great tonight.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I don't know,. I haven't played in ten
dialog: years. It used to be such a big part of
dialog: ay life. Then when I stopped, 1 just
dialog: stopped. I didn’t even miss it. But now
dialog: that I'm doing it again... I feel... I
dialog: don’t know I ~
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {outting him off}
dialog: You feel alive.
dialog: There is something about the certainty with which Sarah says this
text: that runs through Brad like a lightning bolt. He looks into her eyes,
text: and his face suddenly relaxes.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: eve yeah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's good. That’s how you're supposed
dialog: to feel.
text: Brad smiles. They both roll onte their backs, and contemplate this
dialog: act. :
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: You're right. It’s just been a while.
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: {to herself)
dialog: Yeah.
text: They continue to lie there together., Comfortable in silence.
scene_heading: EXT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, DRIVEWAY ~ DAY
text: CLOROX BLEACH is splashed onto the graffitied concrete. MAY, on ali
text: fours, scrubs and scrubs.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST WYNDAM BOMBERS’ MIDFIELD — NIGHT
text: The two teams stand facing each other, BULLHORN BOB, in his ELECTRIC
text: WHEELCHAIR, between them.
speaker_heading: BULLHORN BOB
dialog: (grunts)
dialog: Shake.
dialog: No one toves.
speaker_heading: BULLBORN BOB
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Shake! pe
text: The Auditors stand stone-faced and utterly silent during the ritual,
text: Like heavyweight boxers trying to intimidate a challenger during
dialog: weigh-in.
text: The Guardians refuse to be intimidated. Finally, Brad starts to
text: extend his hand.
text: CORRENTI gives him a dirty look. Horrified by his lack of resolve.
text: But the Auditor directly across from BRAD, a MASSIVE BEARDED HAN,
text: begins to smile, like someone who smells weakness. He extends his
dialog: and to Brad.
text: As if this is some kind of collective signal, the rest of the
text: Auditors do likewise.
text: BULLHORN BOB looks up from his wheelchair at a ceilinged canopy of
text: clasped hands, like the top of a rainforest.
speaker_heading: BULLHORN BOB
dialog: {raising his bulihorn)
dialog: Toss!
text: The men step back, and lower their arms.
speaker_heading: BULLHORN BOB
dialog: . {te the Auditors}
dialog: Call it
text: Somebody grunts, “heads.” Bob flips a QUARTER high into the air.
text: It comes down heads.
text: The Auditor across from Brad points toward the Guardians.
text: BRAD looks terrified.
text: CLOSE ON: THE FACE OF A STOPWATCH.
text: BOB'S RIGHT THUMB hovers over the BUTTON.
dialog: Bhe
dialog: ~5J~
speaker_heading: ON THE FIELD
text: ‘THE GUARDIANS are set to receive.
text: The Auditors’ KICKER raises his hand, and brings it down in a
text: chopping motion.
text: BOB’S FACE fills with the sadistic expectation of someone watching
text: the beginning of a bloody cock-fight — BOBS THUMB sends the
text: TIMEPIECE’S ING HAND into MOTION. TICK, TICK, PICK...
scene_heading: INT. BRAD’S HOUSE, BRAD & KATHY’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Kathy glances at the clock: 10:07 PM. She looks over at Aaron's
text: cherubic face, asleep on the bed next to her. She settles back onto a
text: pillow pile, grabs the phone, and hits speed~diai.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Hi, Mom, I wake you?
text: SPLIT SCREEN - Meet MARJORIE, Kathy’s Park Avenue mother, elegant,
text: well read, and divorced. She's up late trying to finish reading
text: Galway Kinnell's Black Light. She reluctantly puts the book down.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: No, dear. Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: : KATHY
dialog: I'm fine,
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: You don’t sound fine.
speaker_heading: KATHY .
dialog: There’s nothing wrong. I just wanted to
dialog: say hi.
speaker_heading: . MARJORIE
dialog: Well hi. So how’s my little guy?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Great he’s sleeping right next to me.
dialog: What a cutie.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: {like clock work)
dialog: So where’s Brad?
speaker_heading: RATHY
dialog: Out.
speaker_heading: HARIORIE
dialog: I’m surprised the library stays open this
dialog: late.
dialog: No she's not.
speaker_heading: RATEY
text: He's not at the library. He’s playing
text: football with his buddies.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Football? Honey. Nobody plays football
dialog: this time of night.
dialog: |. KATHY ;
dialog: These idiots do. He comes home with
text: scrapes and bruises all over his body.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: De ye remember when your father took up
dialog: golf?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: He's not like dad.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Honey, they're all the same.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Well, he’s not.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: You work so hard. I could keep an eye on
dialog: the boys while you’re at work, make sure
dialog: they're staying out of trouble. Do you
dialog: want me to come up for a visit?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: (fimm)
dialog: Mom, don’t come up here.
speaker_heading: MBRIORIE mh
dialog: I just worry ut you guys. What are you
dialog: going to do if he falls the test again’
speaker_heading: KATEY
dialog: He’s not going to fail.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE .
dialog: That’s what you said last time...how’re
dialog: you doing for money?
speaker_heading: . KATHY
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: i'n gome send you a little extra this
dialog: month.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: (losing patience}
speaker_heading: MARIORIE
dialog: {cheerfully}
dialog: It’s no burden. I’m happy to help.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST WYNDAM BOMBERS' STADIUM, GANGBOX, — LATER
text: BULLHORN BOB inserts a REY into a PADLOCK, and removes the cover of a
text: large ELECTRICAL MAIN. He reaches up and kills the stadium lights.
speaker_heading: 59—
scene_heading: INT. "TALK OF TRE TOWN” TAVERN ~ NIGHT
text: With the exception of two players, the entire Guardian team sits
text: front and center at a table in the middle of the place. They turn in
text: unison as Brad § Larry make an entrance through the front deor of the
text: establishment. Larry looks like shit.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Although the Guardians lost by 26 points,
text: Brad felt oddly exhilarated in the bar
text: after the game.
text: Brad & Larry move across the bar room toward the Guardians.
speaker_heading: VOICE .
dialog: ».-he could feel a new respect in the way
dialog: the cops looked at him..,
text: PETE OLAPFSON stands, and grabs a couple of chairs for the guys. Brad
text: & Larry sit. DEWAYNE slaps Brad on the back.
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
dialog: Big Brad! Whatcha drinking, buddy?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: .».he wasn’t on probation anymore; he was
dialog: a member of the team.
text: TOMMY CORRENTI stands and moves behind Brad. He massages Brad‘s
text: trapezoids, like an old-time boxing trainer.
speaker_heading: CORRENTE
dialog: Oh man. You are gonna be one sore puppy
dialog: tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
text: Advil. Advil and ice. Ice and Advil.
speaker_heading: OLAFFSON
dialog: Don’t forget the Ben-Gay.
speaker_heading: . WILLIAMS
dialog: And if all else fails, pou can always
dialog: consult our team physician.
text: WILLIAMS grabs a shot glass from a cork-lined tray in the center of
text: the table, and offers it to Brad.
speaker_heading: . WILLIAMS
text: Dr. Daniels. His frierids call him Jack.
text: Williams pours Brad a shot of Bourbon. Brad raises his glass.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: To the good Doctor,
text: He throws back the shot.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I feel better already.
dialog: -§8-
text: The men cheer approvingly, all except Larry, who stares sullenly inte
dialog: his beer,
scene_heading: INT/EXT. LARRY’S VAN ~ MOVING ~ LATER
text: Brad stares over at an uncharacteristically silent Larry, who holds
text: an ice-~bag to his eye while driving. Finally -
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I had no business being out on that field
dialog: tonight. I let you down. I let the whole
dialog: team down. I'm Slow and I'm fat and I let
dialog: those guys piss all over me.
speaker_heading: BRAD .
dialog: Oh, come on. That guy was off~sides the
dialog: whole night.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: LARRY .
dialog: Joanie left me. Took the kids and went to
dialog: her mother’s.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Jesus, Larry. That‘s a tough break.
speaker_heading: TARRY
dialog: I deserved it. Me and my big mouth, I
dialog: called her a fucking whore. Right in
text: front of the kids.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Why did you do that?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I don’t know. I was in a bad mood or
dialog: something? Now I’m fucked.
text: Brad watches his friend - worried. He tries changing the subject.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Hey, you hear about the pervert? He went
text: swimming at the Town Pool.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: what?
text: Larry whips his head in Brad’s direction, turning his attention
text: completely away from the road.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Who told you that?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {bragging} .
dialog: Nobody. I saw him myself. Duriag the heat
dialog: Wave,
dialog: ~§1—-
speaker_heading: DARRY
dialog: jerupts) . .
dialog: The Town Pool? That place is crawling
dialog: with kids. Sometimes my boys go there.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {nervous now)
dialog: it was just that one time. He won't be
dialog: back.
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: The cops came.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: {paranoid}
dialog: Any of the guys from the team?
speaker_heading: BRAD
speaker_heading: oe MO.
text: Larry starts shaking his head and muttering to himself, as if
dialog: something were very, very wrong.
text: Brad looks like he wishes he hadn’t brought it up.
text: Larry STEPS ON THE GAS.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Larry, slow down. SLOW DOWN LARRY!
text: Larry SPINS THE WHEEL HARD to the LEFT, pulling a cop-show U-turn, The
text: van does an about-face and SPEEDS STRAIGHT TOWARD US.
scene_heading: A BYPERACTIVE DOORBELL RINGS OVER ~-
scene_heading: INT/EXT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, FRONT DOOR — LATER
text: May answers the door after the fifth ring. She doesn’t seem surprised
text: to find two men — one of them with a bruised and puffy eye, the other
text: with a bag of ice pressed against his cheek ~ standing on her front
text: stoop at two thirty in the morning.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: {sharp and alert)
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Good evening, Mrs. McGorvey. We were
dialog: wondering if Ronnie was home.
dialog: ( ing)
dialog: snappin
dialog: You leave hin alone.
dialog: 2 Y 2
dialog: We Just want a moment of his time, just a
dialog: little chat.
text: May turns toward Brad ag if he were the one doing the talking. He
text: leoks embarrassed and uncomfortable
speaker_heading: _ MAY
dialog: _ , (io)
dialog: This is my house. I pay the mortgage, and
dialog: 3 say who is and isn’t welcome.
text: Larry cups his hands around his mouth.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: {shouting}
dialog: Yoo hoo, Ronnie! Get your perverted ass
dialog: down here!
text: May steps back inside and tries to slam the door, but Larry catches
text: it with his foot, and kicks it open even wider.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: I’m calling the police.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I hear they’re well-disposed to child
dialog: molesters.
text: All the air goes out of the woman. RONNIE himself appears in the
text: hallway behind her, blinking and bewildered, clad in pajamas.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: It’s okay, Mommy.
text: He gently insinuates himself between his mother and the men,
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Can I help you gentlemen?
text: Larry takes an aggressive step toward Ronnie, but May’s maternal
text: instinct kicks in, and she steps in front of her son.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: _ (a demand}
dialog: Ronnie, you go on upstairs.
text: He recedes back into the house.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: {like a three-year-old)
dialog: Alright, Mommy.
text: Brad grabs Larry's arms and tries to restrain him.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Cone on, Larry. Let's go home, I think he
dialog: gets the point.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You listen to me, you piece of shit. You
dialog: stay the fuck away from the Town Pool,
dialog: you hear me? Or I will personally fix it
dialog: sc that you no longer have a dick to show
dialog: anyone, is that clear?
speaker_heading: ERY
dialog: (fierce}
dialog: You're a BULLY!
text: May steps forward and gets right inte Larry’s face. She address the
text: following directly to Brad.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: Hy Ronnie would never do anything like
dialog: {pointing to Larry]
dialog: He did.
text: Larry looks scared for the first time.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: {in for the kill)
dialog: That poor child at the mall ~
dialog: (with disgust)
dialog: What you did to him.
text: It’s his turn to have the wind knocked out of him, May steps back
text: inside the house, and closes the door with no resistance.
scene_heading: INT. LARRY’S VAN, PARKED — MOMENTS LATER
text: A worried-looking Brad sits in the passenger seat staring at Larry.
text: For once is silent, and entirety still. He stares down at the
text: steering wheel like a man who has fallen into the deepest possible
dialog: ySs.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Larry?
text: He doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: > BRAD
dialog: Larry?
dialog: (careful)
dialog: What did she mean by that?
text: Larry looks up, furious.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Oh, don’t pretend you don’t know about
dialog: me! Everybody knows! Everybody!
text: Larry looks Like he may hit Brad.
text: Brad’s hand slips down to the door, ready to jump out if he has to.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (careful, but sincere}
dialog: Honest, Larry. I don't know anything, I
dialog: mean I remember hearing something a few
dialog: years age when ve first moved here.
text: Something about a shooting at the mall,
dialog: but that’s about it. I didn’t even know
dialog: you then.
text: barry looks convinced. Then embarrassed.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I’m sorry...sorry.
text: Brad just stares at hin,
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (nods)
dialog: .. okay, Larry.
text: Larry stares down at his hands. Then up te Brad.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: . LARRY
text: I still can still see that boy's face,
text: staring up at me.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: by rote
dialog: Dispatch said there was a shooter loose
dialog: at the mall,..It was the end of my shift.
dialog: Ten minutes — ten minutes and it woulda
dialog: been someone else.
text: Brad watches his friend disappear. All the air is out of him.
dialog: Silence,
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: But it was an accident. You were trying
dialog: to stop the guy, and the boy got caught
dialog: in the crossfire right?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: No. I panicked. There was no shooter.
dialog: Just the boy. Antoine Harris was his
dialog: name. Big for his age, only thirteen-
dialog: years-old. He was a good kid. Thought it
text: was a big joke, waving around an airgun
dialog: at his friend at the Big 5. They were
text: acting out a scene from some movie they
dialog: liked. Shop girl saw it from across the
dialog: way... called 911,
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Jesus, Larry — that’s terrible.
dialog: But you didn’t know. It coulda been real.
speaker_heading: . LARRY
dialog: But it wasn’t.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: His parents...uh..his parents. I had to —
text: starts to choke up, and Brad looks away, uncomfortable with
dialog: this kind of intimacy.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I was diagnosed with post-traumatic
dialog: stress syndrome by three different
dialog: psychiatrists, That's why I retired. I
dialog: couldn't do the job anymore... For a year
dialog: or two Joanie was okay with me hanging
dialog: ground the house. But now she thinks I’m
dialog: azy.
dialog: ~64~
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, why don’t you de something else?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (snapping) .
dialog: Like what? Drive a fork lift at Costco?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Maybe you could go back to school.
text: Larry stares daggers into Brad.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I loved my job. I don’t want to do
dialog: anything else.
text: Larry's gaze drifts back to the McGorvey’s front porch.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You ever think about the term homeland
dialog: security? I mean really think about it?
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM — DAY
text: A BOY of 8, TRAVIS, sits on the couch in his living room, his feet
text: dangle over edge not touching the floor, He stares at his hands.
dialog: The boy looks
text: The boy nods.
speaker_heading: RATHY'S VOICE (0.C.)}
dialog: The day you found out that you're father
dialog: had been killed in Iraq. Do you remember
dialog: that day?
text: up from his hands.
speaker_heading: RATHY'S VOICE (0.C.)}
dialog: Can you talk about that? Do you feel
dialog: comfortable talking about that?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: .--after the men came to tell my mom... I
dialog: cried. But she didn’t. She just went into
dialog: her room... grabbed the pillows off the
dialog: bed, and cut the tops off em with a r
dialog: of scissors... there were feathers all
text: over the place.
speaker_heading: KATHY’S VOICE (0.C.}
dialog: {gently} .
dialog: That must have really frightened you.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS .
text: No. She was trying to find the crown.
speaker_heading: KATHY’S VOICE {0.0.)
dialog: «+ .the crown?
text: The boy nods te himself.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: TRAVIS | .
dialog: The crown you leave in your pillow when
dialog: you ee slept on it for a long time...my
dialog: father...
text: He looks up at an unseen Rathy.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: .- my father had two crowns.
speaker_heading: KATHY (0.C.}
dialog: Alright, let's stop there.
text: Kathy and her editor FRANR, 40s and overweight sit in a small dark
text: room illuminated by two monitors. Frank looks at Kathy, who seems
text: someplace else.
dialog: You hungry?
speaker_heading: KATHY
speaker_heading: oe oN
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mind if I get some lunch?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: No. Go ahead.
text: Frank leaves the room. Kathy stares at the frozen image of Travis’
text: face. She reaches for the phone and dials. THE MACHINE PICKS UP.
speaker_heading: KATHY :
dialog: Brad?... Brad?... Are you there?.., Pick
dialog: up. I know you’re there. It’s Aaron’s nap
dialog: ime
dialog: {hiding her concern)
dialog: -» alright, guess you’re out somewhere. I
dialog: love you both, bye.
text: She hangs up. Glued to the boy's face staring back at her from
dialog: monitor.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, ATTIC UTILITY ROOM — SAME
text: All hills and valleys. The curve of a hip traced by a finger tip. It
text: moves down the waist and continues to the shoulder. Sarah rolls onto
text: her back, stares up at the ceiling, and smiles, Brad leans in and
text: they gently kiss. Lovers who are sated, and comfortable lying in each
text: other’s presence. Sarah reaches up and strokes his face.
text: The SOUND of WOMEN'S VOICES IN ANIMATED CONVERSATION.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWNHOUSE ~ MAGIC
text: dean, holding a large TUPPERWARE container of brownies, herds a
text: reluctant Sarah up the stairs of a narrow two-story affair.
speaker_heading: SARAB ;
dialog: fou know, dean, I don’t think I’m up for
dialog: this.
dialog: ~§7—
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Now, don’t be silly. It'll be fan.
dialog: The women cross the threshold and inte -
scene_heading: INT. TOWNHOUSE, ENTRYWAY ~ MAGIC
text: A small foyer, flanked on both walls by large framed posters: The
text: first from Chez Panisse, the other a typical country landscape from
dialog: Provence.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {dubious}
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Don’t worry "re not the only little
dialog: sister here’ thnight.
speaker_heading: SI
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Oh. That’s good.
text: Sarah peers into the living room, an airy art~filled space lit only
text: by the early evening sun. Several women chat amiably around a coffee
text: table -- ONE OF THE WOMEN turns her head toward the foyer. Sarah’s
text: expression tightens, as if in sudden pain.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNHOUSE, LIVINGROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON Mary Ann’s face. She looks offended.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Did anybody like this book? _
dialog: Because I really just hated it.
text: PULL BACK to reveal the BOOK GROUP, four OLDER WOMEN, plus two LITTLE
text: SISTERS, Sarah and Mary Ann. They sit around a coffee table brimming
dialog: with wine, cheese, fruit & crackers.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
text: It’s 30 depressing. She cheats on her
dialog: husband with two different guys, wastes
text: all his money, then kills herseif with rat
dialog: poison. Do I really need to read this?
text: The book group is dismayed by this blunt declaration.
text: LAUREL, @ youthful sixty year-old, ventures a response.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Well, there is a lot of good descriptive
dialog: writing.
text: The other ladies nod.in vigorous agreement. JOSEPHINE, short and
text: plump, takes the baton,
speaker_heading: JOSEPEINE
dialog: It's supposed to be depressing. It’s a
text: tragedy. Madame Bovary’s undone by a
dialog: tragic flaw.
dialog: —68-
text: Next we hear from BRIDGET, a Gertrude Stein look~a~-like.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What's her flew?
speaker_heading: JOSEPHINE:
text: Blindness. She can’t see that the men are
dialog: just using her.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: She just wants a little romance in her
dialog: life. You can’t blame her for that.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: It’s about women’s choices. Back then a
dialog: woman didn’t have a lot of choices. You
dialog: could be a nun or a wife. That's all
dialog: there was,
speaker_heading: _ JOSEPHINE
dialog: Or a prostitute.
text: Mary Ann fixes her gaze pointedly on Sarah.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: She had a choice. She had a choice not to
dialog: cheat on her husband.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Usually it’s the man who cheats. I found
dialog: it refreshing to read about a woman
text: reclaiming her sexuality.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Reclaiming her sexuality? Is that a nice
dialog: way of saying she’s a slut?
speaker_heading: JOSEPEINE
dialog: (miffed)
dialog: Madame Bovary is not a slut. She's one of
dialog: the great characters in Western
dialog: literature.
text: An uncomfortable silence. Then ~-
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I was a little puzzled by the some of
dialog: the sexual references.
text: She opens her PAPERBACK, annotated with POST-IT TAPE FLAGS.
speaker_heading: . LAUREL
dialog: Like this one. “He abandoned every last
text: shred of restraint and consideration. He
dialog: turned her into something compliant,
dialog: something corrupt.”
text: Sarah's falien into a kind of REVERIE.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S APTIC UTILITY ROOM - DAY
text: Sarah leans back on the mattress. Brad’s head buried between her legs.
dialog: ~69-
scene_heading: ZNT. TOWNEOUSE, LIVINGROOM ~ BACK TO SAME
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Does anyone know what that means?
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Tk means she’s a sint.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Do you think he’s tying her up or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: {sotto}
dialog: Anal sex.
text: Josephine nods, looking uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: . LAUREL
dialog: Did everyone get that but me?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Let's set that aside for now.
dialog: ghancing at Sarah)
dialog: I’m really eager to hear what our other
dialog: little sister has to say.
text: Jean raises her voice to get Sarah’s attention.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I'm not sure if you know this, but
dialog: Sarah’s got a Ph.D. in English Lit.
text: Sarah startles to the present, picking up her cue.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: * Just a Master’s, I never wrote my
dialog: dissertation.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Well, you still have a lot more expertise
dialog: than the rest of us.
text: Mary Ann rolis her eyes at this. Then levels them at Sarah.
text: Sarah smiles at Mary Ann, as if the two of them are friends.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: i think I understand your feelings about
dialog: this book, I used to feel the same way
dialog: myself. When I read it in ged school,
dialog: Madame Bovary just seemed like a fool. She
text: makes one foolish mistake after another.
dialog: But_when I read it this time, I just fell
text: in love with her. She's trapped. She can
dialog: either accept a life of misery or struggle
text: against it. And she chooses to struggle.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
text: Some struggic. Sump in bed with every guy
dialog: who says hello,
dialog: ~The
speaker_heading: __ SARAE
dialog: She fails in the end. But there’s |
text: something beautiful and even heroic in
dialog: her rebellion. My professors would kill
dialog: me for sven thinking this, but in her own
dialog: strange way, Emma Bovary is a feminist.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Ob, that’s nice. So now cheating on your
dialog: husband makes you a feminist?
speaker_heading: SARAK
dialog: No, It’s not the cheating. It’s the
dialog: hunger. The hunger for an alternative.
dialog: And the refusal to accept a life of
dialog: unhappiness.
text: The other ladies beam with approval and fascination.
text: Mary Ann just shakes her head in disgust.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Maybe I didn’t understand the book. She
dialog: just looked so pathetic...
scene_heading: INT. SARAH’S ATTIC UTILITY ROOM — DAY
text: BRAD stands behind SARAH making love, reaching new heights of
text: abandon, performing an ECSTATIC DUET of GRUNTS, GASPS, and WHIMPERS.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (breathing hard)
dialog: Is she pretty?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: . SARA
dialog: Your wife.
scene_heading: INT. BOOK-GROUP TOWNHOUSE — BACK TO SAME
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: .. degrading herself for nothing.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH’S ATTIC ULILITY ROOM — ANOTHER DAY
text: Brad slips Sarah's bra straps off her shoulders.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ti's a simple question.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: She's pretty, okay? Bo we have to talk
dialog: about this now?
dialog: “Tie
scene_heading: TNT. BOOK-GROUP TOWNEOUSE ~ BACK TO SAME
scene_heading: . MARY ANN . .
dialog: I mean, did she really think a man like
dialog: that was going Lo run avay with her?
text: Sarah is beginning to wonder about this herself.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {uncomfortable now}
dialog: .+--possibly.
scene_heading: IND. SARAE’S ATTIC UTILITY ROOM ~ ANOTHER DAY
text: After sex, Brad leans back against the wall to catch his breath.
text: Sarah pokes his chest with her foot.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: How pretty is she?
text: He stares at her for the longest time. Then —
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (truthfully)
dialog: +.0& knockout.
text: Sarah winces as if she’s been struck.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {patiently)
dialog: Beauty's overrated, Sarah.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM -— NIGHT
text: Richard dead to the world. Sarah WIDE AWAKE beside him.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Brad had meant this to be comforting, but
dialog: at three in the morning it had precisely
dialog: the opposite effect. He had a beautiful
text: wife, a knockout, and she was sleeping
text: beside him right now.
text: MOVE IN on SARAH forcing her profile into the foreground.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Only someone who took his own beauty for
dialog: granted would have been able to say
text: something so stupid, and with a straight
dialog: face.
text: MOVE PAST HER FACE TOWARD A WALL PAINTING WHICH DISSOLVES INTO —
scene_heading: EXT. BRAD'S FRONT PORCH — DAY
text: Brad steps out his front door, wearing swim trunks, and hugging a
text: PICNIC COOLER to his chest.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: VOICE,
dialog: Weekends were difficult for Sarah, forty-
text: eight-hour prison stretches separating
text: one happy blur of weekdays from the rest.
text: He lugs it down the steps and stows it in the trunk of a COROLLA. He
text: glances out toward the street and -
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S CAR ~ MORNING
text: Looking haggard, Sarah ducks down in the driver’s seat, trying to see
text: without being seen.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sarah sometimes let herself be carried
dialog: away by fantasies of a future very _
dialog: different from the life she was livin
text: now. A future without obstacles, in which
dialog: she and Brad were free to love each other
dialog: in broad daylight...
scene_heading: EXT. BRAD'S HOUSE — CONTINUOUS
text: Aaron comes out next, clutching a PLASTIC BEACH PAIL and SHOVEL, and
text: heads to the car.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ...in which all the mistakes of the past
dialog: were erased, and they had no one to
dialog: answer to but each other.
text: KATRY emerges, wearing tight shorts and a black bikini top, looking
text: taller, thinner and more glamorous than Sarah had let herself imagine
text: in her worst self-loathing insomniac nightmare.
text: Kathy RAISES HER ARMS and STRETCHES, a vision so lovely it hurts.
scene_heading: INT, SARAH’S CAR -- CONTINUOUS
text: Sarah slinks even lower in the seat, biting her hand te keep from
text: erying out.
scene_heading: EXT. BRAD’S STREET — CONTINUOUS
text: The Corolla backs out of the driveway and heads down the street,
text: passing the apparently empty Volvo.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Tt could happen, she thought. It had to.
dialog: Because she wasn’t sure she could keep
dialog: living like this for very much longer.
text: Sarah resurfaces from the floor of the car looking completely
dialog: devastated.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN POOL ~ DAY
text: Brad and Sarah back in their usual weekday spot. They eye each other
text: warily, as if something's changed.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: . SARA
dialog: Yeah, fine. Bow about you?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Me? Great. So, uh, how was your weekend?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You really want to know? ~ it sucked. How
dialog: was yours?
dialog: Terrible.
text: Surprised, she turns toward Brad,
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah. Kathy and T went to the beach, but
dialog: all we did was fight the whole time.
text: Sarah tries to look concerned rather than excited.
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah. It was are annual argument. About
dialog: taking the bar exam, like our whole life
dialog: depends on it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Just get it over with. You'll feel
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, but it’s the whole thing...I gotta
dialog: leave town on Wednesday, take a train —
dialog: it’s a two day ordeal...and I'm not even
dialog: gonna pass.
dialog: &
dialog: You'll do fine.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: No, I won't. I haven't cracked a book all
dialog: sumer.
text: In spite of themselves, they both laugh.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: +s.I missed you.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I missed you too.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: SBRAB
dialog: Don’t... don't do it.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: . SARAB
dialog: Blow it off.
text: She turns to him suddenly conspiratorial.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We should go somewhere, ya know just for
dialog: a night. Richard's out of town till
dialog: Friday, and I'm sure I can get a sitter
dialog: for Lucey.
text: Brad chews this over, then shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I can't... do that. I gotta take the
dialog: test.
text: Sarah tries to look understanding, but her face betrays her.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, BATHROOM ~ MORNING
text: Brad puts on a clean dress shirt getting ready for a big couple of
text: days. Aaron sits on the sink watching his father prepare. Brad
text: reaches over and strokes the boy’s mane.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD’S HOUSE, KITCHEN — MORNING
text: Kathy & Aaron sit at the kitchen table, finishing their breakfast.
text: Brad has his head buried in a pile of jaw books - last minute
dialog: cramming.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Well, I have a good feeling about this.
dialog: I'm gonna buy a bottle of champagne.
dialog: We'll put it in the fridge and open it
dialog: when we get the good news.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Don’t get your hopes up. We've been down
dialog: this road before.
text: She smiles at him as though he’s a child returning to school after a
dialog: brief illness.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: This time it'll be different. I can feel
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT, EAST WYNDAM STATION ~ MORNING
text: Kathy's Corolla pulls curb-side, Brad exits the passenger side
text: holding his briefcase & overnight bag and watches Kathy drive off.
text: He checks his watch, heads into the station and straight to the
dialog: ticket counter.
speaker_heading: Tj
text: He shoots a look out the door of the station, then runs back outside
text: Just as Sarah’s Volvo pulls up. He checks to see if the coast is
text: G lear oppatisties he jumps inte the front passenger seat and the car
text: takes off.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. SARAR’S VOLVO, HOVING/ROUTE 128 ~ MORNING
text: Brad stares out at the scenery,
speaker_heading: _ SARAH (0.C,)
dialog: Can you believe it?
text: Brad glances at Sarah, who looks prettier than we've ever seen her,
text: her eyes bright with adventure, stray ringlets and unruly corkscrews
text: of hair blowing across her face.
text: Her hand moves lightly over his thigh.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: It’s our first date. A date. Without the
dialog: kids, I mean.
speaker_heading: BRAD .
dialog: How was Lucy? She ery or anything?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You kidding? With Jean there? She just
dialog: about shoved me out the door.
text: Brad glances back at Lucy‘’s empty car seat.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, SUN ROOM ~ DAY
text: Jean, holding Lucy, tapes colored streamers back & forth across the
text: room, getting ready for their party.
text: LATER. Lucy watches wide-eyed as Jean opens a tackle box. Step~like
text: shelves emerge, stocked with FELT, GLITTER, GOLD STARS, COLO
scene_heading: CONSTRUCTION PAPER, SEA GLASS, BUTTONS, ROUNDED SCISSORS and PASTE, a
text: cornucopia of crafts supplies.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I thought today we could make something
dialog: really beautiful. I've got so many things
dialog: here. We could make a picture frame, or a
dialog: jewelry box, a hat? Whatever you like.
dialog: Lucy smiles,
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (with certainty)
dialog: Something for my Mommy.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Okay.
text: Lucy's hand reaches toward the items, hovering over each one, finally
text: pausing over a small, unfinished, wooden picture frame.
dialog: Then
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, BATHROOM ~ DAY
text: Shaved and showered, clad in beige Dockers and a new collared shirt,
text: Ronnie stands in front of the bathroom mirror. May fusses from
dialog: Aa.
speaker_heading: ; RONNIE
dialog: Stop it. Just stop it!
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: Hold on, Ronnie. Just hold on.
text: with a pair of scissors, she cuts a price tag off the shirt.
dialog: (bubbly)
dialog: There. You look handsome. She won’t be
dialog: disappointed.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Wait'll she hears about my criminal
dialog: record.
speaker_heading: . MAY
dialog: I don’t think you need to get into that
dialog: gust yet. Why don’t you stick to small
dialog: talk?
speaker_heading: . RONNIE
dialog: What if someone recognizes me?
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: That’s highly unlikely. I made the dinner
text: reservation at a restaurant over in
dialog: Haverhill.
scene_heading: Tr jD_OF CHILDREN’S LAUGHTER
scene_heading: INT. STEAK HOUSE — NIGHT
text: RONNIE gazes across the place at a nearby booth, where A FAMILY with
text: TWO YOUNG CHILDREN, a BOY & GIRL, ages 9 and 10, start on their
text: dessert. The children laugh as their FATHER and’ MOTHER engage them in
dialog: some kind of game.
text: Ronnie, with great difficulty, pulis his attention away from then,
text: and takes the last bite of his food. He looks across the table at
text: SHEILA, who stares down at her plate. She hasn't touched a bite.
speaker_heading: RONNIE’
dialog: Sheila?
dialog: _, (louder)
dialog: Sheila?
text: This produces the desired effect. She looks straight at Ronnie for
dialog: the first time.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Yes?
dialog: -Ti-~
speaker_heading: RONNIE . .
dialog: What's the matter? Something wrong with
dialog: the food?
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: +e RO,
speaker_heading: RONNIE.
dialog: Back at the house you mentioned you were
dialog: on medication.
text: Sheila nods compliantly.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What kind?
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Oh, all kinds. Mostly psychotropic.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: So you had some kind of a breakdown?
text: Sheila nods.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: , SHEILA
dialog: My junior year in college.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: You were that young?
text: Shelia nods. Grateful for his interest and concern.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: +-+3'm not really sure,
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Nervous breakdowns don't just come outta
dialog: nowhere. Something musta caused it.
text: Sheila sits in front of her untouched meal, concentrating hard, as if
text: responding to a therapist.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: I guess. But I was fine when i left for
dialog: college. Maybe it was the stress of being
dialog: on my own. Maybe it was a chemical
dialog: imbalance in my brain. Every psychiatrist
dialog: I go to has a different opinion. This one
dialog: gay, Dy. Parris, said I must have been
dialog: Sexually abused as a child, When I told
dialog: him I wasn’t, he just said I was
text: repressing the memory.
text: Uncomfortable, Ronnie changes direction.
speaker_heading: 7B
speaker_heading: . RONNIE
dialog: Right. So what happened after that? You
dialog: drap out of school?
speaker_heading: SHELIA
dialog: Not right away. My mother sent me to the
dialog: campus counselling center. And they
dialog: wanted the problem fixed. Like I could
dialog: Pha snap my fingers and everything would
dialog: okay again.
speaker_heading: _ RONNIE
dialog: (sincere}
dialog: Oh yeah. I know all about that.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: You do?
text: Ronnie leans forward.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Yes. I do.
text: Sheila smiles.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: {on a roll now)
dialog: Either that or leave school, get married,
dialog: and have lots of kids like my sisters.
dialog: But I can’t take care of kids. I can’t
dialog: even take care of myself half the time.
dialog: Besides, who's gonna marry me?
text: Ronnie takes her in.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: You're not so bad.
text: Startled by Ronnie’s complimentary tone, Sheila smiles, shyly.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: ee what?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: (shy)
dialog: You're not...you’re not so bad.
text: Sheila beams.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: T haven't had a real boyfriend in six
dialog: years... not since my second breakdown.
dialog: Something happened to me on a Greyhound
dialog: Bus, I ended up in ~
text: The WAITER arrives, interrupting her.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: {to Sheila}
dialog: Do you want me to wrap that up?
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: (still staring at Ronnie)
dialog: What? Oh, no thank you.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: {to waiter) |
dialog: Yes. Weap it up, please. I‘1l take it home.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You folks gonna want dessert?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: hat do you say Shelia? You want to share
dialog: something sweet?
text: Shelia just stares at Ronnie, Smitten,
scene_heading: EXT/INT. SHEILA'S BUICK, MOVING - NIGHT
text: Ronnie & Sheila ride in silence.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Let's make a little stop. Take the next left.
text: She suppresses a smile, enchanted by his take-charge attitude.
scene_heading: INT/EXT, SHEILA’S BUICK, WALKER STREET PARK — NIGHT
text: he Buick is parked on an empty street with its HEADLIGHTS still on.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Turn off the lights.
text: Sheila switches them off.
text: Shelia faces straight ahead, so does Ronnie.
text: The date seems to have had a positive effect on Sheila, or maybe the
text: medication’s wearing off. Her voice sounds livelier, a little less
text: spacey.
dialog: I had a nice time tonight.
text: Ronnie doesn’t reply.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: The last guy I went out with, you know
dialog: what he did? He ditched me. Got up to go
text: to the men’s room, and never came back.
dialog: Stuck me with the check. Never said
dialog: goodbye, never called to apologize.
dialog: Still nothing from Ronnie.
speaker_heading: 8 ‘ SHEILA k thi
dialog: e wasn’ t anyyay. He was this
dialog: super normal ay, a ETF shot CPA. He
dialog: dida’t want to dating some psycho.
text: A smile plays at the corners of her mouth.
dialog: ~80—
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: But you seem like a nice person.
text: She turns slowly, as if volunteering for a kiss. It is only then that
text: she sees what he is up to.
text: His right hand begins moving up and down on his lap, and his
text: breathing rapidly increases.
text: Shelia watches from the corner of her eye. She sort of hums to
text: herself, like a child on a ride that they are frightened of, and hope
dialog: will be over soon.
text: Romie looks up at her, his face fierce.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: You better not tell on me.
text: Shelia continues to hum.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: { louder)
dialog: You hear me?!
text: She nods ~ but begins to cry.
speaker_heading: RONNIE .
dialog: You better not tell, or I'll fuckin’ get
dialog: you.
text: Ronnie stares at her as he huff and puffs. His eyes stray slightly to
text: the left, and just past her.
text: She turns away from him suddenly, and it is only then that the true
text: focus of Ronnie’s attention is visible out the driver's window —
speaker_heading: THE PLAYGROUND
scene_heading: EXT. MCGORVEY HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Sheila’s car pulls up at the curb. Ronnie gets out, holding his
text: DOGGIE BAG from the restaurant. Without a word her car speeds away.
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, MAY'S ROCH ~ SAME
text: May stands at her bedroom window watching her son cross te the front
text: door. The iook on her face, tragically hopeful.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST WYNDAM STATION — MAGIC
text: The five-o-clock pulls into the station and commuters disembark, Brad
text: among them. He crosses the platform and makes his way over to the
dialog: family car ~
text: Kathy sits waiting in the driver seat, Aaron, securely fastened in
text: his car seat, oblivious to his mother’s hopes and expectations.
text: Brad arrives and gets in.
text: Kathy makes a quick study of her husband's demeanor.
dialog: ~81e
speaker_heading: RATEY
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RATHY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: The test, dummy. How'd it go?
dialog: + salright,
speaker_heading: RATHY
dialog: I was worried. You never called home last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Guess, I could really use that cell phone.
text: Kathy is caught off-guard by this response. She decides to ignore it.
scene_heading: INT/EXT, SARAH‘S HOUSE, SUNROOM — MAGIC
text: Sarah grabs her overnight bag from the.car and heads toward the
text: sunroom. The place is transformed: STREAMERS, DRAWINGS on glass
text: panes, and a HOME MADE SIGN on butcher paper running the width
text: of the room: UPPER CASE letters written by Jean, and pictures of
text: people with CIRCLE BODIES, AND LINES OUT OF THEIR HEADS by Lucy ~
text: The sign reads: WELCOME HOME MOMMY
text: Sarah eyes the place warily, then turns from the room and heads
text: outdoors. She rounds the side of the house, looking to make a more
text: comfortable entrance through the kitchen door.
scene_heading: SARAH'S HOUSE, KITCHEN — MAGIC
text: Sarah enters to find Jean sitting at the table, knitting and
text: listening to NPR.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Look who's back.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks, Jean. You're a lifesaver.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: So how's your old roommate?
text: SARAE . .
dialog: Oh great, great. Thanks for doing this on
dialog: such short notice,
text: Sarah reaches inte her bag, and pulls out her wallet.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: i want to give you something for your
dialog: time.
text: The woman leoks surprised, and somewhat insulted.
dialog: ~B2-
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: That's not necessary.
text: Sarah pulls some bills out.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: No, really. I insist.
text: Jean’s face wears the look of someone who has just discovered what a
dialog: person she thought was a friend, really thinks of her.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Please don’t.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: . + Okay.
text: Jean begins gathering up her knitting and her craft box.
dialog: Any calls?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: No, it's been very quiet.
text: Jean heads to the kitchen door.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: She’s asleep on your bed. We had a very
dialog: busy day.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: unconfortable)
dialog: Well, that’s great. Thanks again.
text: Jean heads out the door.
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: Jean, is everything okay?
text: Jean turns around and looks at Sarah. She is about to honestly answer
text: her question, but decides to bite her tongue instead.
speaker_heading: JEAN .
dialog: ++. yes, She’s a wonderful child.
text: Without another word she makes for home.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH’S HOUSE, BATHROOM EN SUITE ~ MAGIC
text: Sarah enjoys a hot shower, mentally reliving her afternoon, while
text: erasing any traces of it at the same time.
scene_heading: SARAH'S BEDROOM —~ SAME
text: Lucy lies asleep on her parent’s bed, her tiny arms curled around a
text: square object, After a moment the child wakes. Her ears perk to the
text: sound of running water, coming from the bathroom.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Mommy?
scene_heading: SARAH'S BATHROOM — SAME
text: Sarah shuts off the water, squeezes her hair, steps out of the
text: shower, wraps her towel into a turban, and gazes into the mirror,
dialog: trying to find that sweet spot, that perfect angle.
text: A tiny knock on the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: LUCY {0.C.}
dialog: Mommy?
text: Sarah sighs, and closes her eyes, fantasy interrupted.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: oe eyes?
speaker_heading: LUCY (0.C.)
dialog: Are you coming?
scene_heading: SARAH'S BEDROOM — SAME
text: Lucy stands on the other side of the bathroom door. In her hands, her
dialog: project for the afternoon.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I have something.
speaker_heading: SARAH (0.C.}
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I have something for you.
dialog: Silence, then ~
speaker_heading: . _ SARAH (0.C.
dialog: Give me a minute here, okay?
text: Lucy stands there a moment, then walks away - depositing her mother’s
text: gift onto the bed on her way out of the room.
text: The gitt is something of rare value: Buttons adorning a frame, within
text: which rests a photo of Lucy herself,
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, BEDROOM — NIGHT
text: Kathy and Brad ile back-to-back. Neither one of them can sleep.
dialog: Finally ~
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Brad?.. Brad?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Ener?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Aaron was telling me today ali about his
dialog: new friend, Lucy.
text: Brad, still turned away, grimaces.
speaker_heading: RAPHY . .
dialog: She sounds like a sweet little girl...
text: Brad looks momentarily relieved. Then ~-
text: A moment.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: Rathy decides
speaker_heading: KATEY
dialog: .».What‘’s the mother like?
speaker_heading: . BRAD
dialog: +.Uh, nice enough, I guess...
dialog: (yawning)
dialog: I can't even remember her name.
speaker_heading: . KATHY
dialog: Isn't it Sarah?
dialog: ++ -Sarah?
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Yeah, Sarah? From the pool? She has a
dialog: little girl named Lucy?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Oh, Lucy’s mom, I forgot, that’s right,
dialog: her name's Sarah.
dialog: to push further.
speaker_heading: KATEY
dialog: I think it would be nice for Aaron if we
dialog: all had dinner together.
text: Brad looks horrified.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: s+» Okay.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM — NIGHT
text: Nodding off, Aaron and Luc’
text: yellow canopy of light, an
text: TWO TINY PAIRS of FEET protrude from a tent fashioned from
text: lie side by side, surrounded by a warm
text: the drone of their parents conversation.
dialog: lished
dialog: eof Jone
text: minature SAW HORSES draped with YELLOW SILK. Grown-ups in the middle-
dialog: distance.
dialog: ~25~
scene_heading: INT, BRAD'S HOUSE, DINING ROOM — NIGHT — CONTINUOUS
text: Kathy site next to Sarah, both sipping their wine. They've made
text: themselves comfortable with each other while secretly Sizing each
text: other up at the same time.
text: Brad listens to Richard ~ who’s mid-story in an oft-told tale about
dialog: his product consulting business.
speaker_heading: , BRAD
dialog: So, you're in adverting?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: No. That's a common mistake. I’m in
dialog: branding. And that's really very
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: SARAHB
dialog: Richard‘s pretty high up in the company.
text: Kathy smiles at Sarah's seeming support of Richard. She shoots a look
dialog: to Brad as if to say, “isn’t it sweet how proud she is of this dolt?”
text: Brad smiles back at his wife.
text: This is not lost on Sarah, and she begins eating at a rapid pace.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like the other da
dialog: these guys come to me, and they want to
dialog: start a chain of Chinese restaurants.
text: He pause for dramatic effect.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: And not one of them is Chinese!
text: Everyone at the table is sort of waiting for the punch-line, which
dialog: never arrives.
text: Brad and Kathy force polite laughter. Sarah looks miserable.
text: Fortunately, Brad tries to pick up the thread.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Well, where were they from?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: They're a bunch of fat cats from
dialog: Tennessee. But they think they can create
dialog: a chain of restaurants authentic enough
dialog: to fool the average American boob.
text: More forced laughter from Brad & Kathy. Sarah wishes Richard would
text: just shut up. She turns to Kathy, and tries to change the subject.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: . {res dinner)
dialog: This is delicious.
speaker_heading: RATHY
dialog: Ten't it?
dialog: bh
text: She looks across the table at Brad, and smiles.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Brad's a fantastic cook.
text: Sarah is nearly at the end of her rope, and uncertain how much longer
dialog: she can endure this very strange dynamic.
speaker_heading: RICHARD .
dialog: So, have you seen these flyers with the
text: guy's face plastered ali over the
dialog: village? Lots of sturm and drang in our
dialog: quiet little town, eh?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Tt's crazy.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What T want to know is why they let a
dialog: creep like that out of prison.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: Some of the people going after him are
dialog: just as crazy.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well, just today I heard that some nut’s
dialog: been geray-paintin ,the poor guy"s house,
text: pighting ires on his porch, and God
dialog: knows what else.
text: Brad shrinks.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: Do they know who's doing it?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They think it’s some ex-cop.
text: Kathy glances at Brad.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: You know, that guy who killed the kid at
dialog: the mall.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {almost too fast}
dialog: T don’t think it’s him.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: You're biased.
dialog: {to Sarah)
dialog: Brad is friends with the guy. They're
dialog: both on that Committee of Concerned
dialog: Parents.
text: Sarah stares at Brad, perplexed.
speaker_heading: fk 7—
speaker_heading: SARAHB
dialog: I didn't know you were on that.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {
dialog: (nervous } .
dialog: I play on his football team. And he asked
dialog: me to distribute some flyers.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: {wounded}
dialog: Hie’s on your team? You never told me that.
text: Kathy looks startled. It’s odd to hear such a possessive tone coming
text: out of another woman’s mouth, She studies the dynamics of the table.
text: Every gesture, and every word, now viewed through a microscope.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You know what's weird? I’ve never even
dialog: seen this McGorvey guy.
speaker_heading: . SARAB
dialog: We did.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: No, we didn't.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (reclaiming her position}
dialog: Not you. Me and Brad. That day at the
dialog: pool, remember?
text: Brad is unable to mask his discomfort with this question.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {to Sarah's question)
dialog: Oh yeah, I forgot.
text: Kathy stares at Brad.
speaker_heading: VOLCE
dialog: Sexual tension is an elusive thing, but
dialog: Rathy had pretty good radar for it. It
text: was like someone had turned a knob a
dialog: hair to the right...
text: Kathy’s view shifts to the RIGHT - To now include SARAH IN THE FRAME
text: WITH BRAD for the first time in the scene.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: -.-and the radio station clicked in so
dialog: joud and clear it almost knocked her
dialog: over, Once she became aware of the
dialog: connection between them, it seemed
dialog: impossible that she'd missed it before.
dialog: On @ hunch...
text: Kathy steals a look toward her own hand as it ~
text: Inches toward her FORK.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Kathy dropped her fork...
speaker_heading: ~B8—
text: Her hand “accidentally” knecks the FORK to the FLOOR, It falls end-
text: over-end in SLOW MOTION.
text: She slips under the table to retrieve the utensil.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: «--in the hopes that while retrieving it
dialog: she would catch Sarak and Brad playing
dialog: footsie.
text: Kathy stares at the forest of legs beneath the table. No footsie of
dialog: any kind is in progress.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: But she was mistaken.
text: Kathy looks frozen, like a deer in the headlights, not sure what to
text: do next. She makes no move to join the others.
speaker_heading: BRAD (0.C.)
dialog: Kathy? Are you okay?
text: Kathy’s tries not to hyperventilate.
text: She stares dumbstruck at SARAH'S ridiculously PAINTED TOES.
speaker_heading: KATEY
dialog: Yeah...just a sec.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, BATHROOM — NIGHT
text: Brad stares into the mirror with a big forced grin on his face, The
text: image is absurd until his hand appears with a TOOTHBRUSH and he
text: begins his nightly regime.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Brad had convinced himself the dinner
dialog: pasty had gone well, that he and Sarah
dialog: ad inanaged to put Rathy’s suspicions to
dialog: rest, at least temporarily.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, BEDROOM — NIGaT
text: He emerges from the bathroom and heads over to join Kathy, who is
text: already in bed.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: She certainly hadn't accused him of
dialog: anything, or behaved in a way that made
dialog: him think she'd noticed anything untoward.
text: Brad pulls the covers up and glances at Kathy. She smiles.
speaker_heading: KATHY
dialog: I’m really glad they came over.
text: Brad smiles back, confident that his deception has been a success. He
text: #20 over, kisses her on the cheek, then reaches up and kills the
dialog: ight.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: ~$9-
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Two days later, however...
scene_heading: EXT. BRAD & KATHY'S HOUSE — DAY
text: A CHAUFFEUR opens the door of a TOWN CAR, and Kathy’s mother emerges
text: from the back. She scans the house with hungry anticipation.
speaker_heading: YOICE
dialog: -.-his mother-in-law showed up for a
text: “surprise visit” of ominously
dialog: indeterminate length. And from that
dialog: moment on, she accompanied Brad and
dialog: Aaron everywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND — DAY
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: To the playground...
text: Brad pushes Aaron & Bear on the swings, He glances toward the picnic
text: table formerly occupied by the busybodies, only to be met by t
text: suspicious stare of his mother-in-law.
scene_heading: EXT. SHAW’S SUPERMARKET, CHECKOUT — DAY
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: To the supermarket...
text: Aaron sits in a SHOPPING CART; Brad and Marjorie stand in a long
text: checkout line, not speaking a word to one another.
text: Brad's eyes drift toward the magazine rack and land innocently on a
text: bikini-clad model on the cover of Fitness.
text: As he turns his attention back to the line, he becomes aware of
text: Marjorie’s sternly disapproving face.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN POOL ~ DAY
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: :,-and to the town pool.
text: Brad & Aaron are in their usual spot, with the addition of Marjorie.
text: Brad cranes his neck, pretending to reach for something in his bag,
text: stealing a melancholy glance at SARAH, who's sitting under a nearby
dialog: tree,
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: The worst of it was the pool.
text: Her LARGE SUNGLASSES make it impossible to tell if she’s even
dialog: noticed.
speaker_heading: OICE
dialog: Nevertheless...
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM — NIGHT
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ...after threatening all week to go the
dialog: football game...
text: Kathy and Marjorie sit next to each other on the couch, starin
text: across the room, like two people safely behind Plexiglas, wate!
text: venomous snake at the reptile house.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ..» Brad’s mother-in-law decided against
text: it at the last minute.
text: Aeross the room, Brad bends over to tie his sneaker.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You sure?
text: He tries to keep the pleasure out of his voice.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You're welcome to come.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: I'd like to, but I'ma little tired. You
dialog: and Aaron sure kept me hopping this
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: KATHY .
dialog: Looks like you’re on your own tonight.
text: Marjorie pats Kathy affectionately on the leg.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE ;
dialog: Besides, I need to spend a little time
dialog: with my daughter. We've hardly said two
dialog: words since I got here,
text: The familiar SOUND of LARRY'S HORN interrupts her.
text: Brad leaps up and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: That's my ride.
speaker_heading: . _ SATEY
dialog: What time will you be home?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Dunne, But pretty late, though.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: {forced smile)
dialog: Be careful, And stay out of trouble.
scene_heading: BRASS FANFARE & KETTLE DRUMS - AN INTRO WORTEY OF NFL PELMS
dialog: Ring a
dialog: 99
dialog: ~J1-
scene_heading: EXT. EAST WYNDAM BOMBERS’ STADIUM — NIGHT
scene_heading: A PASSENGER TRAIN SPEEDS BY # AN ELEVATED TRANSOM. THE VIEW SHIFTS
text: AWAY FROM THE TRACKS & toward a darkened FOOTBALL STADIUM. Through
dialog: the lens of NFL FILMS, we experience the following —
text: CLOSE ON AN AMERICAN FLAG wafting in the summer air.
speaker_heading: VOICE | .
text: Winds whisper of high hopes, victory is
text: in the skies.
text: SLOW 200M OUT from the flag high above the stadium, as banks of PAR
text: LIGHTS burst on, one panel at a time, illuminating -
text: The empty bleachers.
speaker_heading: | VOICE
text: One joins with many on Summer's green
dialog: field.
text: ..»0n the field, the GUARDIANS are lined up for the opening kick-off.
text: Their opponents, the CONTROLLERS, a bunch of spandex-clad, twenty-
text: something gym heads, are set to receive.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: At 0-5, the Guardians were the basement
dialog: dwellers of the Tri-County Touch Football
dialog: Night League.
text: BART WILLIAMS, with his hand in the air, looks to the sideline, where ~
text: BULLHORN BOB, stopwatch in hand, blows his whistle.
text: WILLIAMS boots the BALL, and the GUARDIANS charge downfield.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: The Controllers, a team of young hotshots
dialog: from the financial district, were 4-1,
dialog: with an explosive offense that regularly
dialog: racked up 40 to 50 points a game. But
text: from the opening kick-off...
text: The CONTROLLERS’ speedy RETURN MAN is gang-tackled by FOUR ferocious
speaker_heading: GUARDIANS.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: oe this ragtag ‘oup of law enforcement
dialog: officers decided to crunch their own
dialog: IS.
scene_heading: DEWAYNE SAVAGES NUMBER 29,
scene_heading: CORRENTI CLOTHESLINES NUMBER 12.
scene_heading: BRAD SUBMARINES NUMBER 28.
scene_heading: WILLIAMS AND OLAFFSON SANDWICH NUMBER 39 AGAIN,
dialog: -92-
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: But the Controllers scored first, after.
text: recovering a Bart Williams fumble deep in
dialog: Guardians territory sear the end of the
dialog: second quarter.
text: Controllers’ NUMBER 39 struts in the end zone, while BART clutches
text: his head in dismay.
speaker_heading: VOICE . :
dialog: The Guardians evened things up early in
dialog: the second half...
text: BRAD completes a slant pass to DEWAYNE.
text: BART rushes up the middle, struggling for six yards.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: «+» moving methodically downfield...
text: BRAD pitches the ball to DEWAYNE, who turns the corner with CORRENTI and
dialog: LARRY blocking. ~
speaker_heading: VOICE .
text: -..on an 80-yard touchdown drive.
text: BRAD throws a short pass to DEWAYNE for the score.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: The Controllers regained the lead with a
text: fourth quarter field goal.
text: The ball tumbles end over end through the goalposts.
text: BULLHORN BOB raises his hands, signalling, “It's good.”
speaker_heading: . VOICE |
text: With less than a minute to go, trailing
dialog: by three, the Guardians faced the
dialog: extinction of their hopes, It was their
dialog: last chance, fourth and five on their
dialog: own thirty-five.
text: CLOSE ON BRAD'S HANDS, opening like a clamshell against LARRY’S ASS
text: as he takes the snap.
text: BRAD bootlegs right, looking first for RITCHIE MURPHY, his short man.
text: Covered.
text: Ditto on BART, his middle receiver.
text: BRAD cocks the ball, ready to throw to —
text: DEWAYNE, his last and best chance, only to watch him slip and fall as
text: he makes his cut.
text: BRAD loops back to avoid the pass rush. He looks up to see open field
text: ahead. He tucks the ball and runs. Fifteen, twenty, twenty five yards,
text: the field pitching toward him with each pounding stride.
dialog: ~9}—
text: THE CONTROLLERS begin to gain on him. Out of nowhere DEWAYNE pulls up
text: beside him to run interference, but THE CONTROLLERS NUMBER 39 trips
text: wp DEWAYNE, leaving BRAD exposed to THE CONTROLLERS speed demon
text: ER 23, He’s only inches away from the tackle when suddenly LARRY,
text: screaming like a banshee, flies between the two men and flattens THE
scene_heading: CONTROLLER.
text: THE CONTROLLERS, NUMBER 9 catches up to BRAD as he crosses the
text: fifteen yard-line. BRAD slams on the brakes so drastically and
text: unexpectedly that his pursuer simply goes zooming past him with a
text: desolate cry of protest stumbling out of bounds and leaving Bi
text: with a clear path to the end zone. He spins on his heels and jogs
text: backwards into the end zone, the ball raised triumphantly overhead.
text: He spikes the ball, his arms stretch wide, his chest heaving.
text: BRAD searches the STANDS for a witness te his glorious moment. To his
text: surprise, he sees —
text: SARAH in the top row of the BLEACHERS - she’s seen it ail. The music
text: crescendoes to a finale as their eyes meet.
text: The NFL FILM sequence morphs into our previous reality
scene_heading: EXT. EAST WYNDAM BOMBERS’ STADIUM, BLEACHERS — LATER
text: Larry appears to be the only player remaining. He zips up his GYM
text: BAG, and then looks out across the field, scanning it for his friend.
speaker_heading: "LARRY
dialog: {calling out)
dialog: Brad?
dialog: No answer.
text: Finally, he spots TWO SHADOWY FIGURES embracing in the END-ZONE.
text: Larry hesitates, then walks back onto the field, and makes his way
text: toward Brad and Sarah. He stops near the ten yard-line.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Brad?
text: Brad looks up, pissed.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: YE
speaker_heading: LARR’
dialog: All the guys are waiting for us at the
dialog: bar. Are you comin’?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Why don’t you go ahead. I’11 catch up
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You're gonna come, right? We need to
dialog: celebrate.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I°ll be right there.
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: You promise?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Jesus, Larry. I just told you.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Well...you got a ride?
speaker_heading: BRAD
speaker_heading: YEAR.
text: Larry turns to go.
speaker_heading: LARRY .
dialog: Ok. I‘11 have a cold one waiting for you.
text: Larry stomps off.
scene_heading: INT. "TALK OF THE TOWN” TAVERN — NIGHT
text: The place is omety save for Larry, who sits at the bar, utterly alone.
text: TWO BEERS, and TWO SHOTS lined in front of him waiting for Brad’s
text: arrival. Larry stares at the glasses with heartbreaking expectation.
text: KEN, the bartender, stands directly across from Larry ~ looking every
text: inch the man who is about to kick Larry’s ass.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Larry? Larry!?
text: Larry finally looks up.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: You need to go home.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Just give me five more minutes he
dialog: promised he was coming.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: I don't care what he promised. I need to
dialog: lock up. Now get your butt out of here.
text: Larry doesn't move.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: NOW!
scene_heading: EAST WYNDAM BOMBERS’ STADIUM, END 20NE -- NIGHT
text: Brad and Sarah lie on their backs together looking up at the night
text: sky. Still high from his triumph, Brad bubbles with an animated
dialog: enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: When I looked up and saw you — it was
dialog: just. Wow. Wow. Thank God you came. I
dialog: don’t want to go home. I want to stay
dialog: right here forever.
dialog: Gham
speaker_heading: BRAD (CONT) .
dialog: For the first time in my life I feel like
dialog: I can do anything. Like anything’s
dialog: possible. You know?
text: Sarah rolis onte her side to look at him. Her eyes are wet and puffy,
text: her voice husky with emoticon.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What are we doing here?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Whatta you mean?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It’s not real, Brad. Tt’s wrong, and it’s
dialog: weird, How long are we going to sneak
dialog: around together? How long can that last?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: No. Don’t say that.
text: Brad looks like his high is very likely on the way to a terrible crash.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: I want you to listen to me, Sarah.
dialog: As long as I know we're going to have
dialog: this, as long as —
speaker_heading: _ SARAH
dialog: {cutting him off) .
dialog: Have what? What is this? Look if that
dialog: dinner party at your house was any |
dialog: indication...you seem pretty happy with
dialog: our wife. I mean you have this perfect
dialog: ite and I don't want to be the one
dialog: that...
text: Something comes over him, He can't lose this ground. Not tonight. He
text: immediatély kicks into high gear. He leans in to her.
speaker_heading: ,__ BRAD
dialog: Run away with me.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What? You...you don’t mean that,
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You believe in me.
text: His new confidence excites and frightens her.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: C'mon. We'll go away ~ figure this thing
dialog: out... It’s not weird. The kids are
dialog: comfortable with each other. I know
dialog: there's more to it than that, but let's
dialog: do this. Please. Please, Sarah.
dialog: 
text: He kisses her deeply. Then pulls back slowly.
text: Sarah's face reacts with the force of someone who has just won the
dialog: Lotto but has no idea where te redeem the ticket.
dialog: 9 Gm
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {breathless}
dialog: we sOKay.
dialog: giggling)
dialog: Yes. Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. “TALK OF THE TOWN” TAVERN, PARKING LO? ~ LATER
text: Larry sits on the curb outside the entrance of the place, muttering.
text: His head buried in his lap, like a jilted lover.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Brad,... Fuckin’ Brad, I’m so sick of
dialog: hearing about that guy... O00H Brad made
dialog: the Fuckin’ touchdown.... Yeah, you know
dialog: why he didn’t have the balls to show up
dialog: here tonight? Because I made the fuckin’
dialog: block... that’s why he can’t even look at
dialog: me, He’s embarrassed to even see me.
dialog: Larry has worked himself into quite a lather. Then ~
speaker_heading: LARR!
dialog: (furious) |
dialog: I hate everyone in this fuckin’ town.
scene_heading: THE SOUND OF TL. St CHING PAN
speaker_heading: LARRY (0.C.)
dialog: (into a bullhorn)
dialog: UP!
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY ROUSE, MAY'S BEDROOM — NIGHT
text: May lies in bed, her eyes open as if from a bad dream.
speaker_heading: LARRY {0.C.)}
dialog: WAKE UP! WAKE UP IOWARD COURT!
text: May sits up in bed.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: (as if to God}
dialog: Okay, I'm awake.
speaker_heading: LARRY (0.C.)
dialog: OPEN YOUR EYES! GET YOUR GOD DAMN HEADS
dialog: OUT OF THE SAND!
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: {confused}
dialog: My heads? My God damn heads?
text: She stands too quickly, and has to sit back down to recover. She
text: takes a breath. Then slowly makes her way to the window.
speaker_heading: LARRY (0.C.)
dialog: DON’T YOU PEOPLE LOVE YOUR CHTLDREN?
dialog: DON’? YOU WANE TO PROTECT THEM FROM EVIL?
text: May pulls up the SHADE and looks down to see Larry standing in front
dialog: of her house.
speaker_heading: QJ
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: WOODWARD COURT! THERE'S A PERVERT IN YOUR
text: ee THERE’S A GOD DAMN PERVERT IN YOUR
speaker_heading: MIDST.
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, UPSTAIRS HALLWAY — SAME
text: Larry’s voice continues to emanate through the place.
text: The hallway light switches on. May crosses out of her bedroom,
text: throwing on a robe, while heading to the stairs.
text: Ronnie's head peaks out of his room.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: it’s okay, Ronnie. Just stay inside.
text: May hurries downstairs.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODWARD CT. ~ SAME
text: HOUSE LIGHTS up and down the street domino on. As Larry's rant continues.
scene_heading: EXT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, FRONT STOOP ~ SAME
text: The door opens on a very angry May, dressed in a NIGHTGOWN & ROBE.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: You dirty son-of-a-bitch! Get off my lawn!
text: In a frenzy, she runs toward Larry in her bare feet.
dialog: Who the hell So. you think you are? Mr.
dialog: High and Mighty?
text: Larry ignores her.
dialog: (through gh bul horn)
text: NO PERVERTS Av THE TOWN POOL! NO PERVERTS
text: AT THE TOWN POOL
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: {shouting}
dialog: You think you’re God? Far from it.
text: Larry inadvertently addresses her through the bullhorn.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I XNOW I'M NOT GOB. I NEVER SAID I WAS.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: You're the murderer. You killed the boy.
text: Larry lowers the bullhora.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I didn’t surder anyone. Now why don’t you
dialog: go back inside and put some clothes on.
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: You shot him through the neck.
dialog: Tread it in the paper.
text: To his amazement, May lunges for the bullhorn, and tries to rip it
text: out of his hands. She has no chance against his strength. He raises
text: it inte the air, and her along with it.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: (angry) :
dialog: Give me tne. dust give it to me.
scene_heading: BIG GUY'S VOICE {0.C.}
dialog: Hey, Mister. You need to go home.
text: Larry glances over his shoulder, and sees two men standing by the
text: curb a BIG GUY in lightweight pajamas, and a LITPLE GUY dressed in
text: a robe.
speaker_heading: ; LITTLE GUY
text: The police are coming.
speaker_heading: _ BIG GUY ;
dialog: You're scaring my kids, I wish you'd cut
dialog: it out.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (grunting) .
dialog: Your kids need to be frightened.
dialog: They live across the street froma
dialog: pervert.
text: A_STREN BLARES IN THE DISTANCE
text: Larry's ears prick up at the threat, he looks down the street and
text: then makes one last tug on the bullhorn. The momentum sends May
text: tumbling backward onto her lawn. This goes unnoticed by Larry as he
text: moves toward the sidewalk to see which direction the squad car will
dialog: arrive.
text: The Big Guy and Little Guy run over to where May has fallen.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GUY
dialog: Oh, My God! Mrs. McGorvey are you okay?
text: She‘s flat on her back, and unconscious.
speaker_heading: BIG GUY
dialog: May!? Mayi? I think we better call and
dialog: yalance.,
dialog: {shouting} .
dialog: Karen! Call an ambulance right now!
speaker_heading: |, KAREN (0.C.)
dialog: I’m doing it.
text: Larry finally sees what has happened, and tentatively makes his way
text: over. He stares at May's twitching limbs and hears ah AWFUL GURGLING
text: NOISE coming from somewhere deep in her throat. Her eyes are WIDE
text: OPEN, staring straight into his. Her lips are moving, but there
text: aren’t any words coming out. He looks scared.
dialog: ~99..
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Oh, Fuck. This is all 7 need,
scene_heading: EXT. HECGORVEY HOUSE, FRONT YARD ~ LATER
text: GUMBALL LIGHT Rakes everything, People in nearby houses gawk from
text: their porches, Other neighbors make their way down the street to get
text: a better look at the scene.
text: MAY, attached to 02 and an IV DRIP, lies supine on a GURNEY as she is
text: loaded into a waiting ambulance by two EMT’s.
text: LARRY sits in the back of a POLICE CRUISER watching it all.
text: A POLICE OFFICER leads RONNIE away from his mother’s side, and back
text: toward the front of the house. Ronnie turns his back on the cop. At
dialog: this moment he is only interested in looking at one man ~
text: LARRY -- locked in the backseat of the squad car.
text: Ronnie’s gaze is filled with an intensity we have never seen,
text: Larry, sees it too, and is the first to look away.
scene_heading: EXT. TAXICAB, EAST WYNDAM PRESBYTERIAN HOSPITAL ~ NIGHT
text: A cab pulls up to the curb. Ronnie gets out of the car, holding a
text: WOMAN'S TRAVEL CASE, and heads toward the hospital entrance.
scene_heading: INT. ICU, WAITING ROOM — NIGHT
text: A TELEVISION mounted from the ceiling drones Bloomberg.
text: Other than a TEENAGE GIRL, reading Time Magazine, Ronnie is alone.
text: A hand appears in front of him, holding a CUP OF COFFEE. He looks up
dialog: in surprise to see -
text: A 30 year-old PUERTO RICAN WOMAN extending the beverage.
speaker_heading: PUERTO RICAN WOMAN
dialog: Cafe con leche?
text: He nods, gratefully taking the cup from her hand. She sits down
text: beside Aim and drinks from her own cup.
text: She opens her wallet and leans over to him, displaying its contents:
text: A Sears portrait of an older Puerto Rican woman.
speaker_heading: PUERTO RICAN WOMAN
dialog: Madre.
text: Ronnie pats his pockets, and realizes he has no photo of May to
text: share. He nods to the woman.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Me too. She's resting now.
dialog: ~100-
scene_heading: IN’. ICQ, MAY'S ROOM - SAME
text: May lies in a hospital bed, attached to a ventilator, catheter, ERG
text: diodes, and drip. A monitor SOUNDS its steady metronomic beep, as
text: A NURSE’S BANDS steady an ENVELOPE that MAY is struggling to address:
speaker_heading: “RONNTE*
scene_heading: INT. EAST WYNDAM POLICE STATION — SAME
text: A HAND, attached to the HASH MARKED SLEEVE of a POLICEMAN’S SHIRT,
text: passes a MAN'S BELT, a PACK OF CHEWING GUM, and a WEDDING BAND across
text: @ recess on the underside of a Plexiglas walled counter. On the other
text: Side of the divider, a PAIR OF HANDS attached to a familiar SWEAT
dialog: SHIRT receive the above.
text: On a PRISONER RELEASE FORM, a signature is made on a line above a
dialog: typed name ~ Larry Hedges. .
text: A WALL MOUNTED SECURITY MONITOR memorializes the exchange.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE IMPOUND YARD — LATER
text: The street is empty, except for Larry, who glances around in all
text: directions, as he makes his way over to a chain-length-fence, and
text: rests his hands against it.
text: Out of nowhere A BARRING GERMAN SHEPARD leaps spread~eagle onto the
text: fence and tries to bite Larry.
text: Larry, safely on the other side, jumps back, startled.
text: A LARGE MAN with a pot belly emerges from the impound office and
text: pulls the dog back.
speaker_heading: LARGE MAN
dialog: Get down — knock it off!
text: He grabs a chain that is permanently fastened to the side of the
text: bul ding and attaches it to the animal’s collar. Then opens the chain-
text: length-tence. The dog continues to bark.
text: Larry backs away, putting as much distance between himself and the
text: Shepard as he can. Headlights smack Larry in the face as his van
text: emerges from the back recesses of the lot, and pulls up to the fence.
text: Larry clocks the dog as he steps forward to retrieve his van.
text: The animal gives a constant low growl, not taking his eyes off Larry
dialog: for a second.
text: Larry throws the van into gear, and takes off.
scene_heading: INT. LARRY'S VAN — NIGHT
text: He drives as if in a trance. Larry looks worriedly down at his right
text: hand, which shakes uncontrollably. He tries to steady it by gripping
text: the wheel, as if his life depended upon it.
dialog: ~1ol-
scene_heading: INT. ICU WAITING ROOH — NIGHT
text: Bonnie, agleep in a chair, is alone in the room now. The TV continues
text: to drone in the background.
text: A NURSE arrives at his side ~ she takes a seat beside Ronnie and,
text: placing her hand on his shoulder, gently wakes him.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Mr. McGorvey? Mr. McGorvey?
text: Ronnie stirs.
speaker_heading: _. NURSE
dialog: I'm afraid we have some bad news.
text: Ronnie just stares at her.
scene_heading: INT. ICU STAFF COUNSELOR’S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: A windowless office with fluorescent lighting. Day or night — the
text: place Femains the same. An ICU COUNSELOR is midway through a speech
dialog: e's given too many times. By degree, his bedside manner only
text: slightly more sensitive than a veteran police officer reading a perp
dialog: their Miranda rights.
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR
dialog: Do you have a mortuary to make the
dialog: arrangements for you?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR .
dialog: It's not a problem. The hospital has a
dialog: list I can provide you with. Now here’s
dialog: what's going to happen. Your mother’s
dialog: body will remain in her bed for up to
text: three hours. Three hours is typical, but
dialog: if there is a request for more time,
dialog: depending on our occupancy, it’s usually
dialog: not a problem. If there’s anyone you'd
dialog: like to call ~ family, friends, they're
dialog: welcome to full bedside visitation
dialog: privileges before the body is taken
text: lownstairs to be prepped for transport.
dialog: Do at have any questions that come to
dialog: mu
text: Ronnie is silent.
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR
dialog: Anything we can help you with?
text: Ronnie finally looks up.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: vo RG.
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR
dialog: Okay. I’d like to remind you to take all
dialog: of Your mother’s personal belongings with
dialog: you before leaying the hospital today.
dialog: ~102-
speaker_heading: COUNSELOR (CONT) .
dialog: And all I need from you now is to sign
dialog: this release-of-remains form.
text: He slides a clipboard across the desk.
scene_heading: EXT, HOSPITAL, PARKING LOT ~ FOLLOWING AFTERNOON
text: A dazed Ronnie leaves the hospital, clutching May's travel case. He
text: heads down the sidewalk, but stops suddenly when he sees —
text: The same cab that dropped him off the night before, waiting at the
text: curb. Ronnie heads over and gets into the back seat. The car pulls
dialog: away.
text: As it leaves the hospital parking lot it passes —
text: LARRY, sitting in his van at the other end of the parking lot — watching.
scene_heading: INT, MCGORVEY HOUSE, ENTRY WAY ~ LATE AFTERNOON
text: The door opens and closes to RONNIE’S FEET. They make their way
text: inside, and over to A PAIR of MAY'S SHOES, that sit patiently waiting
dialog: for her return.
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, MAY’S BEDROOM -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Ronnie’s hands unpack May’s travel case, He removes each item, and
text: gently lays them onto the bed: A compact, a toothbrush, moisturizing
text: creme, and a hairbrush. He is about to ciose the lid, when he spots
text: something on the bottom of the case, AN ENVELOPE with a single word
text: roughly scrawled across its front - “Ronnie.”
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, KITCHEN ~— NIGHT
text: The kitchen light flicks on. Ronnie stands in the doorway, the
text: unopened envelope in his hand, taking stock of the mess he’s made in
text: the past few days — UNWASHED DISHES piled up in the sink, yesterday’s
text: HALF~EATEN DINNER still sitting on the table, right next to an
scene_heading: OVERFLOWING ASHTRAY.
text: A PLAY~TEX RUBBER GLOVE is tugged over a hand.
text: The faucet runs, filling a pot with sudsy water.
text: A determined Ronnie reaches for a sponge & gets down to work.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The gloves come off, and are tossed in the sink. The kitchen looks
dialog: clean.
text: Ronnie crosses over to the kitchen table and sits.
text: He stares at_the UNOPENED ENVELOPE, now resting in the fruit basket.
text: He tentatively picks it up, and slowly turns if over in his hands.
dialog: How long should he wait to have this conversation with his mother?
text: He waits, but a moment, and then opens it.
text: A single line of script, “Please be a good boy.”
dialog: ifs.
text: His face begins te contort, as if he’s in real pain. He drops the
text: piece of paper and flees the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: He flies into the room, talking to himself, while he moves straight
text: to the many shelves full of HUMMEL FIGURINES. He stares at a myriad
text: of innocent faces, The little boys & girls in halcyon settings seem
text: to be mocking him. it is the hour, and suddenly all of the clocks
text: begin to strike. So does Ronnie. With a frightening intensity -
text: smashing, throwing, and destroying the figurines, the clocks ~ all of
dialog: it, He displays an energy and determination we have never seen.
scene_heading: INT. BRAD’S HOUSE, HALLWAY ~ NIGHT
text: Brad makes his way along the upstairs hallway, stopping outside the
dialog: doorway of. —
speaker_heading: AARON'S ROOM
text: Brad stands there a moment staring at his, jester-cap clad, son
text: asleep on his bed.
text: After a moment, Brad kneels down and shakes the boy awake.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: {whispers )
dialog: Aaron?
text: Aaron nods. And sits up a little. Brad takes a deep breath, studying
text: his son, who gazes back at him with trusting eyes.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Aaron?
speaker_heading: 1 AARON
dialog: slee
dialog: Yes, dalay? Py)
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (almost pleading)
dialog: Could you take off your hat for me? Just
dialog: for a second?
text: To Brad’s surprise, Aaron does ag he’s told.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Bre you mad at me, daddy?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: No, No, No. I just want you to know that
dialog: I love yo very much, and I would never
dialog: do anything to hurt you. Okay?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: +> Okay.
text: Brad leans over and kisses Aaron on the cheek.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You can go back to sleep now.
dialog: ~1lt4-
scene_heading: INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, BEDROOM — LATER
text: CLOSE ON a piece of paper being slipped into an envelo; it rises up
dialog: ne e
text: to BRAD’S LIPS, and he licks flap. The front is auhressed with a
dialog: single word - "athy.”
text: His eyes stray to Kathy's bedside table on which rests a framed picture
text: of husband & wife. Kathy standing in front of Brad — protective.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Marjorie and Kathy busy themselves with after-dinner clean-up, In the
text: hallway behind them, Brad passes unnoticed on his way te the front
text: door, carrying a SMALL GYM BAG.
text: He opens the door, glances over his shoulder toward the kitchen, and
text: leaves the house.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM — SAME
text: Sarah rounds the bottom of the stairs to find Lucy, in front of the
text: television, watching Charlie Rose.
text: She crosses to Lucy, kneels down, and picks her up.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Lucy, come on. Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. SARAH'S HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Sarah emerges with the child on her hip, her free hand struggling
text: with the overnight bag and a Barbie backpack. She barrels toward her
text: Volvo, opens the back door and is immediately faced with the
text: impossibility of Lucy’s car seat.
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: I will not get in the car seat!
text: Sarah struggles to load her in, Lucy goes completely stiff and
dialog: straight making this an impossibility.
dialog: Yes, you will. You will get in the car
dialog: seat. so
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Ko. I will not.
dialog: 1 a }
dialog: sadin
dialog: Please! 5
speaker_heading: CUP TO:
scene_heading: THE OPPOSITE BACK PASSENGER DOOR OPENS
text: Sarah tries to appear calm,
dialog: -105—
speaker_heading: SARAH ,
dialog: Alright, you don’t have to get into the
dialog: car Seat. You can just lie here.
text: She lays Lucy onto the back seat, Lucy allows this.
dialog: 3
dialog: Ro, actually...
text: She puts the child down on the floor.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: ++-get on the floor. Now just stay
dialog: on the floor. Stay on the floor
dialog: and hide. Or mommy will get
dialog: arrested. Okay?
text: Sarah shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Looking wild-eyed and muttering angrily to himself, Ronnie rummages
text: through a CUTLERY DRAWER until he finds what he’s looking for. He
text: draws his finger along the blade of a BUTCHER KNIFE, testing its
dialog: sharpness.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND ~— NIGHT
text: Sarah, carrying Lucy, arrives at the playground, entering through the
text: front’ gate. Sarah tuens and closes the idtch with a Clank.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Mommy, I want to go home?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (impatient)
text: In a minute. As soon as Brad gets here.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. LARRY'S VAN, MCGORVEY HOUSE — NIGHT
text: Larry's parked outside Ronnie’s house, staring at the front door.
speaker_heading: si OF A RBI RB
scene_heading: INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, FRONT HALL — MOMENTS LATER
text: The entry way is unoccupied. No one moves to answer the door. The
text: ringing stops. We hear the SOUND of knocking, and the door slowly
text: opens to reveal Larry. He looks nervous, unsure how to proceed
text: without the obstacle of a gatekeeper.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Ronnie?
scene_heading: ERT, MAIN STREET — NIGHT
text: Brad, carrying his bag, walks past the darkened businesses in the
text: town center. He looks like a robot, or a man heading to the gallows.
text: Finally he picks up the pace to his normal gate — breaks into a trot,
text: and then a full out sprint.
dialog: ~166—
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND — SAME
text: Sarah pushes Lucy on the swing. She steals a look at her watch, and
text: then glances toward the front gate. She turns back around and
text: continues pushing the swing. Her ears perk up at the sound of RAPIDLY
text: APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS she smiles. The gate clanks open. She smiles
text: and turns toward the sound. But instead of finding Brad ~
dialog: It's RONNIE.
text: His hands are buried beneath his shirt, and he is moaning. His
text: hunched-over figure makes his way past her, and over to the swingset
text: at the opposite end of the park.
dialog: Oh, my God.
text: Almost unconsciously, she continues to push Lucy. The metronomic
text: rhythm some sort of odd comfort. She keeps her eyes trained on this
text: man, and then steals an expectant look back toward —
text: THE ENTRANCE OF THE PLAYGROUND.
scene_heading: EXT, MUNICIPAL LIBRARY — SAME
text: Brad sprints down the street past the library, But at precisely this
text: moment “G" comes flying through the air on his skateboard, sails
text: right | across his path. Brad comes to a complete stop. His eyes follow
dialog: the boy.
dialog: "6" (0...)
dialog: Hey, dude. What‘s your hurry?
text: As if in a trance, Brad walks straight up to the skateboarders, who
text: are gathered around a steep concrete stairway. He has never been this
text: close .to them. Brad stands next to ”G”, who watches one of his
text: minions fly off the staircase. The boy turns to him, extending his
dialog: ard.
dialog: 4
dialog: Why don't you take a run.
speaker_heading: , ANOTHER SKATER
dialog: Give it a shot, see what happens.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You guys are orazy. the stai )
dialog: inting to stairway
dialog: I can't Bo that y
dialog: a
dialog: Tt's not about chat.
text: He speaks to Brad as if this is the most important piece of wisdom
dialog: one person could impart to another.
dialog: a
dialog: or
dialog: Tt’s about skating.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: -107-
scene_heading: EXT. MUNICIPAL LIBRARY — MOMENTS LATER
text: Brad stands on the board, poised ak beginning of a long run of |
text: concrete. He kicks forward gaining speed. The skateboarders urge him
text: on with shouts, whoops, and cries of encouragement. He will need it.
text: His approach to the stairway is coming up fast. It must be right.
text: Rere it is. He launches off the stairway, catching an unbelievable
dialog: amount of air.
scene_heading: EXT, WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND — SAME
text: Sarah, trying to ignore Ronnie‘s presence, glances over her shoulder
text: expecting Brad’s arrival.
text: The SOUND of Ronnie sobbing is something she can no longer ignore.
text: She turns to see —
text: Him hunched over on his swing, crying uncontrollably.
text: She pauses just a moment, and then abandons Lucy’s swing, and makes
text: her way over toward the other end of the park. Stopping half-way
text: between the two structures.
text: She wears a look of uncertainty on her face as she takes a couple of
text: hesitant steps in his direction.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: 2+. do you need help?
text: Re looks up at her in shock, and then nods.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: (through tears}
dialog: ++ She's gone.
text: He can hardly get the words out.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: ---She’s ...gone.
text: Sarah doesn't know who “she” is, even so, she offers what little sclace
dialog: she can.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: enth
dialog: oe who? . is gone?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: se. Mommy.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: I'm... I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: She loved me.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: She’s the only one.
dialog: ~108—
text: He drops his head back down, and continues to sob. What he says from
text: this point on is to himself. For him, Sarah no longer exists.
speaker_heading: RONNIE ;
dialog: Mommy died... mommy died...
text: Sarah is at a complete loss, She stands dumbstruck for a moment.
text: The SOUND of the ENTRANCE GATE clanking shut, turns her around,
dialog: expecting to find Brad.
text: Instead she finds Lucy's empty swing, swaying back-and-forth.
text: Sarah panics.
dialog: Lucy?!
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: Lucy!!!
dialog: Nothing.
text: The child is nowhere in sight. Sarah scans the tiny playground.
text: The child has disappeared. Sarah sprints away from Ronnie, and begins
text: searching the shadows.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {screaming now)
dialog: Lueyitiit
speaker_heading: NOTHING
text: Sarah sprints toward the entrance, and emerges onto —
text: THE STREET ~ She looks up and down in both directions. Her face primal,
text: as is her cry. .
speaker_heading: LUCYILiT
text: A moment of terror that feels like an eternity.
text: Finally, about a hundred yards down the sidewalk she sees —
text: LUCY — The child stands at the base of a street light staring up at
text: the lamp, as if hypnotized.
text: INSECTS flutter in groups, propelling themselves against the vapor.
text: The child is utterly absorbed.
text: Sarah's face relaxes. Though it wears the confusion of her sudden
text: outburst and momentary sense of loss.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: Lacy!
dialog: —109—
text: Sarah runs to Lucy, scoops her inte her arms, and heads te her ~
speaker_heading: CAR
text: Almost hyperventilating now.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Get in (ee uk-seat. Set in the car-seat.
text: The child does not fight her.
dialog: Unto the’ seat, but fer soaking hends nae aness of it. Pinally eho
text: aust for enitars tae. ees orward and begins to seb uncontrollably
text: Lucy looks down at her mother, concerned.
text: She lifts up her tiny hand and places it on top of Sarah’s head ~
text: gently stroking it, back and forth.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: It's okay, mommy. It’s okay.
text: Lucy continues to caress Sarah's head, and this seems to calm her.
text: Sarah raises her head up, and looks at her daughter. Her eyes
text: unwavering, transfixed by the child’s face, which greets her with
text: unconditional trust. The two suspended together. Nothing else exists.
text: Lucy stares at her mother curiously.
dialog: And it is in this moment that something essential in Sarah completely
dialog: transforms.
dialog: &
dialog: «+. Oh, Lucy.
text: She leans forward and embraces her daughter.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: I’m sorry... I'm so sorry.
text: She kisses her daughter's nose, forehead, and cheek.
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Would you like to go home?
text: The child nods.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay, let’s go.
text: Sarah gets to her feet, closes the back door, and climbs into the front.
scene_heading: EXT. WALEER PARK, RATHBUN AVENUE ~ NIGH?
text: Her car pulls away from the park, where, for a split second it
text: crosses paths with an AMBULANCE heading the opposite divection.
text: Sarah slows to a safe distance before continuing on her way.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNICIPAL LIBRARY ~- NIGHT
text: DeWayne, looking very official, towers over us dressed in a police
text: uniform. He crouches slowly, his face full of concern.
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
dialog: Brad?
text: Brad lies flat on his back.
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
dialog: Brad? Can you hear me?
text: His eyes flutter open.
text: DEWAYNE . .
text: Don't move, the ambulance is on its way.
text: He stares up at DeWayne, as if suddenly waking from a dream.
dialog: { ne
dialog: Og
dialog: Jesus, what Tbpened to me?
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE .
dialog: I don’t know, but these kids say you've
text: been out cold for the last five minutes.
text: ”"G" appears next to DeWayne.
dialog: age
dialog: Man, you almost had it.
text: Another boarder joins "G6" and DeWayne.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER BOARDER
dialog: Dude, you were awesome,
scene_heading: STILL ANOTHER BOARDER
dialog: Man that shit was knarly.
text: A small smile of satisfaction forms on Brad‘s face,
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
dialog: Alright back-up. Back-up. Give him some
dialog: room.
dialog: ite Brad} .
dialog: Just hold still. Hold still, Everything
dialog: is going to be alright.
scene_heading: EXT/INT, MUNICIPAL LIBRARY, AMBULANCE — NIGHT
text: Strapped onto a GURNEY, Brad is lifted into the ambulance. The
text: AMBULANCE ATTENDANT is about to shut the door when “G7 interrupts.
dialog: -lld-
dialog: ~lli-
dialog: “gn
dialog: Hey, bro. This fell out of your pocket.
text: He extends the envelope addressed to “Kathy.”
text: Brad frowns,
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (waving him off}
dialog: Thanks, I don’t need it anymore.
text: Brad raises his head, making eye contact with DeWayne.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: DeWayne? Could you call my wife?
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
dialog: You got it buddy.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND - NIGHT
text: From a distance we see Ronnie sitting alone on his swing, still
text: hunched forward with his hands in his lap, moaning. Slowly we make up
text: the distance, moving toward him - The SOUND of gravel under moving
text: feet — Someone is coming.
text: As we arrive at his back, the crunch of gravel STOPS. Still lost in
text: his own private hell, Ronnie is oblivious. A large male hand reaches
text: out and comes to rest on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (0.€.)
dialog: I'm so sorry Ronnie...I really am.
text: Ronnie's head pits up. Suddenly present. His face scared, but also
text: angry. He is looking at —
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: i never wanted anything like this to
dialog: happen.
text: Ronnie just stares at him.
text: Ashamed, Larry averts his eyes, and stares at the ground.
text: and he sees something from this proximity that Sarah completely missed
text: from her vantage point: beneath the seat of Ronnie’s swing, drops of
dialog: trickle to the below. :
text: Larry’s eyes go wide. He looks up te Ronnie.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (scared)
dialog: se» ALG you.,.are you okay?
text: Ronnie smiles.
text: He stands up and takes a couple of steps away from Larry. He turns te
text: face him, and drops his pants.
dialog: ~112~
text: From behind it is apparent he has wrapped his lower extremities |
text: in rolis and rolis of cotton gauze ~ like a paper towel, the white
text: texture rapidly absorbing red.
text: Larry stares at Ronnie’s crotch. Horrified.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: .+. I'm... Im gonna be good now.
text: Ronnie's legs go rubbery, and he begins to collapse.
text: Before he hits the deck, Larry catches Ronnie in his arms, lifts him
text: off the ground, and quickly carries him te the —
speaker_heading: PARKING LOT
text: THE SIDE DOOR of the van opens, and Larry carefully lays Ronnie down
text: in back and covers him with a blanket. Larry, now covered in blood,
text: looks down at Ronnie worried.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Hold on Ronnie. I’m not gonna let
dialog: anything happen to you. You hold ont
text: He closes the door, and runs around to the driver’s side, jumps in,
text: starts the van, pulls a portable GUMBALL light from under the dash
text: and places it onto the roof.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: In his wildest dreams, Larry would have
dialog: never imagined he’d once again be in this
dialog: position, where precious minutes count.
text: Larry’s van screeches out and tears down the road, driving like
dialog: there's no tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. LARRY'S VAN, EAST WYNDAM ROAD - MOVING FAST
text: RED LIGHT rakes the van interior, and the road ahead.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: fonight he could save a life.
text: Larry turns in his seat, and screams encouragement to Ronnie in back.
dialog: Words we cannot hear.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: He knew Ronnie had done some bad things
dialog: in the past ~ but se had Larry.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN HOSPITAL, AMBULATORY ENTRANCE ~ NIGHT
text: TWO NURSES, and a YOUNG DOCTOR rush forward through automatic doors,
text: and are immediately bathed in red GUMBALL light.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You couldn't change the past...
text: The GURNEY is pulled out the back of the AMBULANCE, ag KATHY rushes
text: past MEDICAL TECHNICIANS to reach BRAD.
dialog: -li3-
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, LUCY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: On her side next to a sleeping Lucy, Sarah reaches up and kills the
text: bedside lamp. She remains in the tiny bed with her child.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: -»» but the future could be a different
dialog: story...
scene_heading: EXT. SARAH’S HOUSE, ROOF LINE ~ NIGHT
text: Rise with the wind up over roof-tops and tree-tops ~ All of East
text: Wyndam laid out like a wood-cut in monochromatic relief.
speaker_heading: YOICE
dialog: +». and it had to start somewhere. :
text: A gust kicks up, the trees begin to sing, their branches dance.
text: The distant sound of metal on metal, ping, ping, ping. .
text: The view begins to slide back to where we started, looking straight
text: down at the playground, now empty and quiet, save for the chain of a
text: single swing that stubbornly beats its tune into the structure.
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: ~ THE END —
dialog: 
