speaker_heading: LITTLE WOMEN
dialog: Written by
dialog: Greta Gerwig
dialog: Based on the novel by Louisa May Alcott
dialog: I've had lots of troubles, so I write jolly tales.
dialog: - Louisa May Alcott
dialog: ii.
dialog: iii.
dialog: Note:
text: Where there is simultaneous or quick dialogue in the script, there
text: is a SLASH in the middle of the speaker's dialogue, representing
dialog: where the next actor should begin. The following actor's line will
text: be started with a SLASH to indicate that it is interrupting
dialog: another line.
text: When the text is in RED, it indicates that it is the past
text: timeline, which begins in Winter of 1861.
text: When the text is in BLACK, it indicates that it is the present
text: timeline, which begins in Fall of 1868.
text: Both timelines move forward from their origin point.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK. PUBLISHING OFFICE. 1868.
text: JO MARCH, our heroine, hesitates.
text: In the half-light of a dim hallway, she exhales and prepares,
text: her head bowed like a boxer about to go into the ring. She
text: puts her hand on the doorknob. A pause, and then, she opens
text: it onto a disorderly room.
text: It is full of men. Some sit with their feet up on the desks,
text: higher than their hats, which they do not remove for her.
text: They smoke and read, hardly noticing that she has walked in.
text: Jo walks through the desks, looking for one in particular.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (clearing her throat)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: MR. DASHWOOD (the oldest, smokiest gentleman) looks at her.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: I was looking for the Weekly
dialog: Volcano office... I wished to see
dialog: Mr. Dashwood?
text: Mr. Dashwood stares silently.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: (nervous, presenting
dialog: pages)
dialog: A friend of mine desired me to
dialog: offer a story, by her, she wrote it
dialog: - she’d be glad to write more if
dialog: this suits.
text: He stands and extends his rough, large hand. She gives him
dialog: the manuscript.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: (turning the pages over)
dialog: Not a first attempt, I take it?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No, sir; she has sold to “Olympic”
dialog: and “Scandal” and got a prize for a
dialog: tale in the “Blarney Stone Banner.”
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: A prize?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Yes.
text: He now takes in Jo’s appearance and her mended clothes.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: Sit.
text: Jo sits, hands folded, trying to cover the ink stains. Mr.
text: Dashwood reads her story with a pen in hand, gleefully
text: crossing out and making notes, changes. Every time his pen
text: scratches, Jo feels her heart breaking. She’s on the verge of
dialog: tears when:
speaker_heading: MR. DASHWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll take this.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: You will?
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: With alterations. It’s too long.
text: She nods and he hands it back to her, page after page with
text: her work crossed out. She examines it.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You’ve cut - I took care to have a
dialog: few of my sinners repent.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: The country just went through a
dialog: war. People want to be amused, not
dialog: preached at. Morals don’t sell
dialog: nowadays.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Perhaps mention that to your
dialog: “friend.”
text: Jo looks again at her completely altered story.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What do you - that is, what
dialog: compensation —
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: We pay twenty-five to thirty for
dialog: things of this sort. We’ll pay
dialog: twenty for that.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (money over art)
dialog: You can have it. Make the edits.
text: Jo hands over the story, Mr. Dashwood hands over the money,
dialog: business done.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: Should I tell my, my friend that
dialog: you'll take another if she had one
dialog: better than this?
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: We'll look at it. Tell her to make
dialog: it short and spicy. And if the main
dialog: character’s a girl make sure she’s
text: married by the end.
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Or dead, either way.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Excuse me?
text: But he’s on to the next bit of business.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: What name would she like put to the
dialog: story?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Oh, yes - none at all if you
dialog: please.
text: He considers her.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: Just as she likes, of course.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Good morning, sir. Good day.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY. DAY. CONTINUOUS. 1868.
text: The streets of New York. After the Civil War and at the brink
text: of The Industrial Revolution. It is a city in the middle of
text: becoming, the 20th century on the horizon. Horses, trolleys,
text: young, old, black, white, immigrants, returning soldiers,
text: factory workers, wealthy industrialists, fashionable women
text: and poor mothers all crowd the streets.
text: We find Jo (also becoming) sprinting down the street with
text: utter joy. She has pulled up her skirts and is running full
text: steam. Not lady-running, flat-out RUNNING. For the joy of it.
speaker_heading: LITTLE WOMEN
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BOARDING HOUSE. NYC. DAY. 1868.
text: Jo reading and walking at the same time, bounding two-at-a-
text: time up the steps of a large brownstone boarding house. She
text: stoops to pick up a cat who suns herself on the steps.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (to the cat)
dialog: My Beth would like you very much.
text: As Jo walks through the house, into the drawing room, she
text: lets the cat down, and goes straight to the fireplace. She
text: stands with her back to it, to warm herself, and produces a
text: small notebook and begins to write.
text: She is so engrossed with her writing that she doesn’t hear
text: the boisterous group of college students and professors, men
text: and a few women, when they descend upon the room. She just
dialog: keeps writing, until:
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH (0.S.)
dialog: Good afternoon, Miss March.
text: Jo looks up from her notebook to see FRIEDRICH BHAER looking
text: down at her. He speaks with a French accent, and, like all
dialog: Europeans, seems to know something that we Americans don’t:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (she straightens up)
dialog: Good afternoon, Professor.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: You're on fire.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: (suddenly animated)
dialog: You're on fire!
text: Jo suddenly notices that the back of her dress has caught on
text: fire. In a panic, another woman of the group helps her and
text: the dress is put out.
dialog: Disaster is avoided, although not humiliation.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I have the same habit, you see?
dialog: 5.
text: He shows her scorch marks on his jacket. Jo is about to laugh
text: when, MRS. KIRKE, the landlady, bustles into the room:
scene_heading: MRS. KIRKE
dialog: Kitty and Minny are waiting!
text: Jo looks up the stairs to see the two little girls prancing.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: My students need me.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Always working.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (joke-dramatically)
dialog: Money is the end and aim of my
dialog: mercenary existence.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: No one gets ink stains like yours
dialog: just out of a desire for money.
text: Jo feels the intense pleasure and pain of being seen by
dialog: someone, of knowing that they know you.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (embarrassed, retreating)
dialog: Well my sister Amy is in Paris, and
text: until she marries someone obscenely
dialog: wealthy, it’s up to me to keep the
dialog: family afloat. Goodbye.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: (staring up after her)
dialog: Goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANCE. PARIS. DAY. 1868.
text: AMY MARCH, an angelic 20-year-old with golden curls, is
text: painting a staged scene, along with a few other young
text: artists. It is a classic scene of two young men and a young
text: woman at a picnic, and Amy is rendering it realistically,
dialog: imitating the 18th & 19th century painters she loved.
text: She looks at the painting of the young man next to her. He is
text: doing something radically different - the paint is obvious,
text: the colors are bright and un-life-like, space is flattened.
text: It is not meant to be realistic: it is the beginning of
dialog: modernism.
text: She looks back at her own piece and realizes that she might
dialog: have missed the moment that she came here to master.
dialog: 6.
text: Perhaps she’s already passed before her time. She continues
text: working, troubled.
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS PROMENADE. DAY. 1868.
text: Amy rides in an open air carriage with AUNT MARCH, reading a
text: letter from home. Everyone in Paris is out. Aunt March is
text: only happy when she’s complaining, and she’s in excellent
dialog: form this morning. It is the place to see and be seen and Amy
text: March is doing both excellently.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: The decadents have ruined Paris, if
dialog: you ask me. These French women
dialog: couldn’t lift a hairbrush.
text: No response from Amy.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (CONT'D)
dialog: AMY! I said, “These French women
dialog: couldn’t lift a hairbrush.”
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh yes! Very true, Aunt March.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Don’t humor me, girl. What do they
dialog: write, your troublemaking family?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Mother doesn’t say anything about
dialog: Beth. I feel I should go back but
dialog: they all say “stay.”
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: You can do nothing if you go back.
text: The girl is sick, not lonely.
text: Amy gives her a hard look.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (CONT'D)
dialog: And you shouldn't go home until you
dialog: and Fred Vaughn are properly
dialog: engaged.
text: Amy blushes and puts the letter away.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yes, and until I’ve completed all
dialog: of my painting lessons, of course.
text: Aunt March looks at her, momentarily confused.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: What? Oh, yes, yes. Of course.
text: Amy looks at all the passers-by. She sees a somber young man,
text: tall and dark and looking down as he walks. Suddenly!
speaker_heading: AMY
text: STOP THE CARRIAGE! LAURIE! LAURIE!
text: Abandoning her primness, she launches out of the carriage and
text: runs, nearly knocking people over. This is Theodore Laurence,
text: LAURIE, a 26-year-old without a sense of direction, like most
text: 26-year-olds. They hug joyously and un-self-consciously:
speaker_heading: LAURIE AMY
dialog: AMY! You're so /grown up! /You wrote you'd come to the
dialog: hotel!
speaker_heading: LAURIE AMY
dialog: I looked for you and couldn’t /You didn’t look hard enough!
dialog: find /you anywhere!
speaker_heading: LAURIE AMY
dialog: Maybe I just didn’t recognize (making a face)
dialog: you, you’ve become so /Please don’t.
dialog: beaut/iful.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I thought you liked that sort of
dialog: thing!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: NO. Where’s your Grandfather?
speaker_heading: LAURIE AMY
dialog: Still in Germany. I’m on my (teasing him)
dialog: own, traveling and /having /and drinking and gambling
dialog: fun. and flirting...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Don’t tell your mother!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Are you chasing some young girl
dialog: across Europe?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (darkening)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (dropping her playfulness)
dialog: I’m... I couldn’t believe Jo turned
dialog: you down. I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (crisp)
dialog: Don’t be, Amy. I’m not.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (0.S.)
text: AMY! AMY MARCH! YOU COME BACK HERE
text: RIGHT THIS INSTANT!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (to Laurie)
dialog: Oh, Aunt March!
text: Laurie gallops over, and jumps into the carriage, kissing
dialog: her:
speaker_heading: LAURIE AUNT MARCH
dialog: Aren’t we fine, /Ma’am. /GET HIM OFF OF ME!
text: He kisses her again, grinning.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Il faut GO! Allons-y!
text: Aunt March attempts to get the carriage to leave, and Laurie
text: is thrown off while Amy is thrown in.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (calling after Laurie)
dialog: Come to the New Year’s Party! It’s
dialog: a ball and everyone will be there,
dialog: including Fred - Pick me up at the
dialog: hotel at eight - the Chavain! Dress
dialog: for festivities! Top hats and
dialog: silks!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I will! I’11 wear my best silk!
text: Laurie turns and continues his heartbroken stroll, as Amy
text: looks at him. She turns back to Aunt March.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It’s Laurie!
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: I know.
text: Amy turns around to get one last look at Laurie. She loves
dialog: him, as she’s always loved him.
scene_heading: INT. TAILOR SHOP. AFTERNOON. 1868.
text: MEG MARCH, beautiful but with the melancholy of yearning
text: emanating from her, is browsing the silks with Sallie Moffat,
text: a rich young woman who possesses an air of casual boredom
dialog: that comes from never having to work for what you have.
speaker_heading: SALLIE
dialog: (to the clerk)
text: Twenty yards of the blue silk as
dialog: well as the pink. Someone will be
dialog: by for it later.
text: She looks over at Meg, who touches a beautiful grey silk:
speaker_heading: SALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Meg! That would look so lovely
dialog: on you. I know just the dressmaker
dialog: to send you to. You'll be the
dialog: prettiest wife in Concord.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Oh no, John needs a new coat for
dialog: winter and Daisy and Demi need new
dialog: clothes and --
speaker_heading: SALLIE
dialog: -- and his wife needs a new dress.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (trying to hide her
dialog: embarrassment)
dialog: I can’t... it’s, I just can’t.
speaker_heading: SALLIE
dialog: He'll be so pleased with how you
dialog: look that he’1ll forget all about
dialog: the expense.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (equivocating)
dialog: I don’t suppose it’s such an
dialog: extravagance.
speaker_heading: SALES CLERK
dialog: Will twenty yards do?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (deciding)
dialog: Yes. Thank you.
text: And Meg watches, delighted but fighting guilt, as the
text: beautiful fabric is cut.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: EXT. MEG MARCH’S HOUSE. DAY. 1868.
text: From inside a modest rural cottage, Meg emerges, wiping her
text: hands and muttering to herself.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (ashamed)
dialog: Fifty dollars, what was I thinking?
text: She sees her two 3-year-olds, a boy and a girl, DAISY and
text: DEMI, playing in the yard. She sits down to watch them,
text: feeling both grateful and trapped. They run up to her.
speaker_heading: DAISY AND DEMI
dialog: Mommy -- mommy!
text: They fall into her arms, she accepts them and then sends them
text: off to play again. We hear sounds a beautiful Bach piano
dialog: sonata being played...
scene_heading: EXT. / INT. MARCH HOUSE. 1868.
text: «+. the music grows louder as we see empty rooms of the
text: childhood home -- the attic, the dining room, the stairs.
text: Finally we find BETH MARCH, alone at the piano. She stops
text: playing suddenly, as if in pain. Then she takes a deep
text: breath, feels the sunlight on her hand, and stretches it out.
speaker_heading: MARMEE (0.S.)
dialog: Beth! Beth?
text: She doesn’t respond.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK THEATRE. EVENING. 1868.
text: Shakespeare’s Twelfth Night unfolds on stage. Jo is in the
text: back, the cheap standing-room. She’s so wrapped up that she
text: moves in until she’s practically leaning over the railing.
text: It’s the scene where Viola (dressed as a man) seduces Olivia.
speaker_heading: OLIVIA
dialog: .+-That you do think you are not
dialog: what you are.
speaker_heading: VIOLA
dialog: Then think you right, I am not what
dialog: I am!
text: Friedrich watches the play from his own, proper, seat. At a
text: certain point, he sees Jo, and then watches her watching the
text: play, her delight making him smile.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK THEATRE LOBBY. NIGHT. 1868.
text: The audience flows out of the theatre into the lobby. Jo,
text: still in her theatrical reverie, spots Friedrich. She
text: freezes, not moving, not wanting to be seen.
text: She then follows behind the band of friends, drawn to them in
dialog: spite of herself.
scene_heading: INT. GERMAN BEER HALL. NIGHT. 1868.
text: It is a rowdy and raucous crowd, drinking and dancing. Jo
text: walks through the crowd, taking it in, watching Friedrich. He
dialog: knows everyone and can speak half a dozen languages. Another
text: man young, speaking a language Jo doesn’t know, offers his
dialog: hand for the dance.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I’m sorry, I only speak English...
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Come dance!
text: He pulls her into the dance, and she does her best to follow
text: along. It’s whirling and loud and wild. Before long, she
text: finds herself paired with Friedrich and all self-
text: consciousness leaves her. She is part of the night and the
text: room and the music and she throws herself into movement, and
dialog: we are taken back to....
scene_heading: THE PAST. INT. CONCORD. MARCH HOUSE. JO & MEG’S ROOM. 1861.
text: ...the sisters, all together again in the past, in the snow-
dialog: globe of girlhood and memory that is ever present but forever
text: gone, are in a flurry of getting ready for a holiday party.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I know just who I’1l1 dance with!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Who will you dance with, Jo?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You know I never dance.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I can’t dance.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Why can’t we all go to the party?!
dialog: It’s not fair!
text: Meg's hair is covered in papers, and Jo manipulates a pair of
text: hot tongs. Meg struggles to get on a pair of slippers.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: JO MEG
dialog: Just wear your regular (forcing it)
dialog: /shoes. /These fit last winter!
text: Amy puts on jewels and rouge and tries to shape her nose.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: My nose will simply not look
dialog: refined.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (to no-one)
dialog: I like your nose.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (reaching to Jo)
dialog: Now, Jo --
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: -- don’t touch me, thanks! I
dialog: already feel ridiculous I don’t
dialog: want to look it!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You could be pretty if you tried.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Don't want to, won’t do it.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I don’t want to go but I wish I
text: could hear all the music.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I'll keep it all in my head and try
dialog: to sing it for you when I get home.
text: Jo goes back to working on Meg’s hair. Beth watches Jo handle
text: the tongs, amazed and slightly worried:
speaker_heading: BETH JO
dialog: Ought they to smoke /like (confident)
dialog: that? /It's the dampness drying.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What a queer smell - it’s like...
dialog: burnt feathers.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: There, now you'll see a perfect
dialog: little ringlet.
dialog: 13.
text: Jo removes the tongs, and a burnt clump of hair follows. Jo
text: screams and Meg screams because Jo screams.
speaker_heading: AMY BETH
dialog: (gasps, half delighted) /Why is her hair off?
dialog: You're /ruined!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Meg, I’m so sorry!
speaker_heading: MEG JO
dialog: (looking in the mirror) /I'm sorry! You shouldn't
dialog: What have you done?! /Marmee have asked me to do it! I
dialog: I’m spoilt! I can’t go! My ruin everything!
dialog: hair!
scene_heading: INT. GARDINER'S NEW YEAR’S PARTY. HALLWAY. NIGHT. 1861.
text: Meg and Jo walk down the hallway at the Gardiner’s very fancy
text: party, the party already in full swing. Meg is chastising Jo:
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Don’t stare, don’t put your hands
dialog: behind your back, don’t say
dialog: Christopher Columbus, don’t say
dialog: Capital, don’t shake hands, don’t
dialog: whistle --
text: Meg is immediately pulled away.
speaker_heading: SALLIE
dialog: Meg March! You look so pretty!
text: Sallie Moffat, at that moment Sallie Gardiner, pulls Meg away
text: from Jo, who is left standing awkwardly.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Meg...
text: Meg seems to put on another face and attitude, more grown up
text: and elegant. Jo fades away into the back of the party.
scene_heading: INT. GARDINER’S NEW YEAR’S PARTY. CONCORD. NIGHT. 1861.
text: Jo, 16, miserable, glumly watches the dancers. She pulls at a
text: string on her dress. She catches Meg’s eyes, 17, laughing
text: with her dance partner, and pleads with her to leave. Meg
text: aggressively shakes her head, and Jo sighs, resigned.
text: A very large red-headed boy makes a beeline for Jo - in her
text: terror, she looks for an escape.
text: She slips behind
dialog: sits on Theodore
text: 17-year-old boy.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: 14.
text: a curtain, and walking backwards, she nearly
dialog: Laurence (!), Laurie, a very serious looking
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Dear me, I didn’t know any (rising)
dialog: one /was here!
dialog: /Don’t mind me; stay, if you
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I won’t disturb you?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Not at all; I don’t know many
dialog: people, and felt rather strange at
dialog: first,
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: So do I.
text: They stand there, unsure of what to do, both shy.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Miss March, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes, Mr. Laurence, but I’m not Miss
dialog: March,
dialog: I’m only Jo.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: And I’m not Mr. Laurence, I’m only
dialog: Laurie.
text: Their first burst of conversation has run it’s course, and
text: they smile at each other, standing in the not-unpleasant
dialog: awkwardness of meeting.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Don’t you dance?
dialog: I don’
dialog: yet -
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: t know how you do things here
dialog: you see, I’ve spent most of
dialog: my life in Europe.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: EUROPE! That’s CAPITAL!
dialog: (she catches herself)
dialog: I shouldn’t use words like that.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Says who?
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Meg. She's my older sister.
text: They peek through the curtain and watch Meg dance.
speaker_heading: JO LAURIE
dialog: That’s her, see? The girl (looking)
dialog: in the violet /dress? /Very pretty.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: She reminds me to be good so Father
dialog: will be proud of me when he
dialog: returns.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Volunteered for the Union Army. I
dialog: wanted to go fight with him. I
dialog: can’t get over my disappointment in
dialog: being a girl.
text: Laurie doesn’t look disappointed that she’s a girl at all:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Jo ... would you like to dance?
dialog: With me?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I can’t, because...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Because what?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You won’t tell?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Never!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I scorched my dress, see? Meg told
dialog: me to keep still, so no one would
dialog: see it. You can laugh if you want
dialog: to. It’s funny, I know.
text: Laurie does not laugh, but looks quite tender.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Never mind that; I’11 tell you how
dialog: we can manage.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDINER’S NEW YEAR'S PARTY. PORCH. NIGHT. 1861.
text: Laurie bows, Jo awkwardly curtsies and then they go dancing
text: wildly up and down a wrap-around porch. It’s actually very
text: romantic in its exuberance. Sometimes Jo is the woman and
text: sometimes the man - same with Laurie. They are mid-spin when
text: they see Meg wildly gesture at them from inside: She’s hurt.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: My foot- I’ve hurt my ankle.
scene_heading: INT. GARDINER’S NEW YEAR’S PARTY. HALLWAY. NIGHT. 1861.
text: Meg limps, Jo supports her and Laurie trails behind.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: How will I get home?!
speaker_heading: JO MEG
dialog: I don’t see what you can do /Carriages are too expensive.
dialog: except get a carriage or stay
dialog: /here all night.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Well, let me take you. It’s right
text: next door.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: No, thank you, we cannot accept.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: You must take mine. Please!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: No, it’s so early -- you can’t mean
dialog: to leave yet.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I always leave early - I do, truly.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What choice do you have?
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MARCH HOUSE. NIGHT. 1861.
text: A laughing Marmee, holding a book and covered in flour, opens
text: the door on Laurie and Jo, supporting Meg.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Goodness gracious, what have you
dialog: done!
dialog: 17.
dialog: Marmee has none of the pretensions of the other mothers, no
dialog: artifice. She’s a hippie before they existed.
text: The little girls, Amy and Beth come rushing down the stairs
text: and attack the older girls.
speaker_heading: JO MEG
dialog: Here, make room, /Meg is a /I sprained my ankle dancing!
dialog: wounded soldier!
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Oh Meg - You’1l kill yourself for
dialog: fashion one of these days. Hannah!
dialog: We need ice!
speaker_heading: AMY BETH
dialog: Tell us about it!/ (to Jo)
dialog: (re: Laurie) /Was the music wonderful?
dialog: What’s he like?
text: Laurie stands apart, not wanting to be a disruption, but
text: loving the March household, this slightly medieval utopia of
dialog: artists and thinkers.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Come in come in! Apologies for the
dialog: chaos: I enjoy baking in the middle
dialog: of the night! Don’t mind the
dialog: clutter, Mr. Laurence, we don’t.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Laurie, please.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (calling over)
dialog: Can I call you Teddy?!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: You must be part of the girls’
dialog: theatricals!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: I'm Amy.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Hello.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: They could use an extra player,
dialog: although you’ll have to fight Jo
dialog: for the male roles or play a girl.
dialog: Here, have a scone.
text: Marmee hands him the scone, as Hannah enters with ice for
text: Meg's ankle. Amy keeps sneaking looks at Laurie.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (cracking herself up)
dialog: Laurie, how are your ankles? Do you
dialog: need ice?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: No, thank you, ma’am.
text: Instantly, she sees his loneliness, his lack of a mother.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Oh, just call me Mother, or Marmee.
dialog: Everyone does.
text: He doesn’t say anything, but looks as if he’s about to cry.
text: He doesn’t have a mother, and hasn’t had one for a long time.
speaker_heading: MEG JO
dialog: It really seems like being a /I don’t believe fine young
dialog: fine young lady to come home ladies enjoy themselves a bit
dialog: from my party in a carriage more than we do.
dialog: and have maids to /wait on
dialog: me!
text: The girls laugh and prance and gossip around the warm fire.
text: He stands apart, loving them all, the whole family...
scene_heading: EXT. MARCH HOUSE. NIGHT. CONTINUOUS.
text: .--but most especially Jo. As Laurie retreats back to his
text: big, lonely house, he looks across the field to Jo, writing
text: alone in the attic, absorbed with her work.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. EXT./INT. NEW YORK BOARDING HOUSE. NIGHT. 1868.
text: Jo works with her writing costume on: an antique military
text: jacket. Her writing is like an attack, moving into enemy
text: territory and occupying space. Her hand starts to cramp, she
text: shakes it, stretches it, and then switches hands.
text: Suddenly she stops - she’s heard something. She opens the
text: door, but the hallway is empty. She looks down and sees a
dialog: book, a very beautiful copy of The Complete Works of William
text: Shakespeare. She opens the cover - inside there is a note:
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: (read to camera)
dialog: For the writer in the attic:
dialog: Because you enjoyed the play so
dialog: much tonight, I wanted you to have
dialog: this. It will help you study
dialog: character and paint it with your
dialog: pen. I would love to read what
dialog: you're writing, if you’ll trust me.
dialog: I promise honesty and whatever
dialog: intelligence I can muster.
dialog: Yours, Friedrich
text: Jo opens the book and almost greedily she begins to read,
text: reciting the words to herself.
scene_heading: INT. PARIS. BALLROOM. 1868.
text: A gorgeous Paris ball, and Amy is lively and everyone's
text: favorite at the party. She dances with Fred Vaughn most
text: often, gossips with his sister and her friends, and is
dialog: charming to everyone.
text: Suddenly, Amy sees something that makes her look sour, and we
text: follow her gaze to see Laurie entering: He is loud, drunk,
text: has two girls with him. They all fall into a sofa, laughing
dialog: and loud.
text: Amy frowns and approaches. She stands before him, annoyed:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Laurie.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (bleary, looking up)
dialog: Amy.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I waited an hour for you.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I feel caught.
text: Laurie clumsily makes a space for her while the other ladies
text: depart. Amy does not, and walks away, forcing him to follow:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Amy, please!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Do you want to know what I honestly
dialog: think of you?
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: What do you honestly think of me?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I despise you.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (almost laughing)
dialog: Why do you despise me?
speaker_heading: AMY LAURIE
dialog: Because with every chance for /Oh this is interesting.
dialog: being good, useful and happy,
dialog: you are faulty, lazy and
dialog: /miserable.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Selfish people do like to talk
dialog: about themselves.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Am I selfish?
speaker_heading: AMY LAURIE
dialog: Yes, very selfish. With your /Beauty?
dialog: money, talent, beauty and
dialog: /health --
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: - ah you like that, you old vanity -
dialog: with all these good things to
dialog: enjoy, you can find nothing to do
dialog: but dawdle.
text: He drunkenly puts his hand over hers. He wears a ring on his
text: pinky finger, which he never takes off:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (making fun of her)
dialog: I‘1l be good for you, Saint Amy,
dialog: I’1l be good!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Aren’t you ashamed of a hand like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: No, I’m not.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It looks like it’s never done a day
dialog: of work in its life. And that ring
dialog: is ridiculous.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Jo gave me this ring.
text: Amy considers him seriously.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I feel sorry for you, I really do.
dialog: I just wish you'd bear it better.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: You don’t have to feel sorry for
dialog: me, Amy. You'll feel the same way
dialog: one day.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (with significance)
dialog: No, I'd be respected if I couldn't
dialog: be loved.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (drunken meanness)
dialog: And what work have you done lately,
dialog: oh great “artiste” - or have you
dialog: been too busy imagining how you’1l
dialog: spend Fred Vaughn’s fortune? FRED
dialog: VAUGHN, ladies and gentlemen!
text: Amy smarts, his comment cut her to the core. Laurie takes his
text: very messy leave and she looks to Fred --
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Fred, I’m, I’m so sorry.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING HOUSE DRAWING ROOM. NYC. DAY. 1868.
text: Friedrich holds a few newspaper clippings and handwritten
text: pages. Jo paces and watches him read, nervous. He laughs, she
text: smiles at his laughter.
text: He finishes reading, puts down the work, and looks at her. Jo
text: instantly feels that she needs to explain.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Those are just stories, of course,
dialog: but I’m working on a novel.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: And your novel, it will be like
dialog: this?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: JO FRIEDRICH
dialog: Yes... so far /anyway. /With plots like this, duels
dialog: and killing?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It sells.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Why don’t you sign your real name?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: My mother wouldn’t like it, it’s
text: too, gory for her.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: I want to help with the money I
dialog: make and not worry her.
text: He considers, then speaks:
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I don’t like them.
speaker_heading: JO
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Honestly, I think that they’re not
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (fumbling)
dialog: But, I, they’re published in the
dialog: papers, and, people have always
dialog: said - I’m considered talented -
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Oh I think you’re talented, which
dialog: is why I’m being so blunt.
text: Jo, deeply offended, starts to gather up her work.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I can’t afford to starve on praise.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Are you upset?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Of course I’m upset! You just told
dialog: me you didn’t like my work!
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I thought you wanted honesty.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (stuck)
dialog: I... do.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Has no one ever talked to you like
dialog: this before?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I've been rejected plenty of
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH JO
dialog: But do you have anyone to /And who made you High Priest
dialog: take you seriously, to talk of what’s good and what’s
dialog: about your/work? bad?
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: No one, and I’m not.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Then why are you acting like it?
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH JO
dialog: Your reaction indicates that /My reaction indicates that
dialog: you must think there is some you are a pompous blowhard.
dialog: truth /in it. Shakespeare wrote for the
dialog: masses.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: He was the greatest poet who ever
dialog: lived. He smuggled his poetry in
dialog: popular works.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I’m no Shakespeare.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Thank goodness, we already have
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: If you know so much about it, why
dialog: don’t you do it yourself?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I’m not a writer. I don’t have the
dialog: gifts you have.
text: She does what she does when she’s hurt, which is that she
text: gets incredibly mean instantaneously, without meaning to, and
dialog: without being able to take it back.
speaker_heading: JO FRIEDRICH
dialog: No, you don’t, and you’1l (amused)
dialog: always be a critic, never an /I'm sure they will.
dialog: author, and the world will
dialog: forget that you ever even
dialog: lived /but no one..
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: But, I’1l be, but...
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (not sure of herself)
dialog: No one will forget Jo March.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I can believe it.
text: An energy between them and then she kills it definitively.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: We are not friends, you are not my
dialog: friend. And I don’t want your
dialog: opinion because I don’t like you
dialog: very much so just don’t talk to me
dialog: anymore, thank you.
text: She turns to leave, hiding all the emotions.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY. TWILIGHT INTO NIGHT. 1868.
text: Jo, in fury and confusion, walks the streets, letting her
text: feelings burn out. She strides through the entire night that
dialog: way, like Charles Dickens’ Night Walks.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING HOUSE. DAY. 1869.
text: After her walk -- Mrs. Kirke hands Jo a telegram:
scene_heading: MRS. KIRKE
dialog: Josephine, this came for you.
text: Jo tears it open and quickly reads.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Dear Jo, Our Beth has taken a turn
dialog: for the worse. Please, come home as
dialog: soon as you can.
speaker_heading: JO
text: (breathes, crumpling the
dialog: note)
dialog: Beth.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo drifts off to sleep, lulled by the movement. The country
text: speeds past her. As she goes forward towards her childhood
text: home that is now no longer her home, and to the past that she
dialog: can no longer find...
scene_heading: THE PAST. INT. ATTIC OF THE MARCH HOUSE. MORNING. 1861.
text: Jo March is sleeping in her large, cozy writing chair, a
text: blanket wrapped around her. Her fingers are stained with ink
text: and pages are strewn about her. Sounds of the day start to
text: drift upstairs to her perch. Her eyes flutter open at the
dialog: distant sound of...
speaker_heading: MEG (0.S.) AMY (0.S.)
dialog: Jo! Jo! Where /are you? /Do you like these garlands?
speaker_heading: BETH (0.S.)
dialog: They're beautiful!
text: Jo yawns and stretches and looks through the attic window out
text: onto the snow-covered New England world:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (whispered to herself)
dialog: Merry Christmas, world.
text: She wraps the blanket around her and quietly opens the attic
text: door and sneaks down, watching her sisters, her heart's joy,
text: fussing over the decorations Amy has made.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Merry Christmas!
text: They all look up, delighted:
speaker_heading: MEG BETH
dialog: Jo! We've been up /for hours! /What have you been writing?
text: Jo clomps down the stairs, pages of the play in her hand.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: 26.
dialog: I got carried away with our
dialog: delicious revenge play last night.
speaker_heading: POISON!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, no poison it’s
dialog: /Christmas.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: It’s so dreadful to be /poor.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: At least we have father and
dialog: mother and /each other.
speaker_heading: MEG
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (flopping down)
dialog: /Christmas won't be Christmas
dialog: without any presents.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (injured)
dialog: /I don't think it’s fair for
dialog: some girls to have lots of
dialog: pretty things and other girls
dialog: nothing at all.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (glum)
dialog: /We haven't got father. And
dialog: we won’t have him for as long
text: as this war drags on.
dialog: (putting down her sewing)
dialog: I wish I had heaps of money and
dialog: plenty of servants,
dialog: need to work again.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: so I’d never
dialog: You could be a proper actress on
dialog: the boards!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (privately delighted)
dialog: I can’t be an /actress.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (prancing)
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: /They aren’t all fallen
dialog: women.
dialog: I have lots of wishes, but my
dialog: favorite one is to be an artist and
dialog: go to Paris and do fine pictures
dialog: and be the best painter in the
dialog: 
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (cuddling up to Jo)
dialog: That’s what you want too, isn’t it
dialog: Jo? To be a famous writer?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes, but it sounds so crass when
dialog: she says it.
speaker_heading: AMY JO
dialog: Why be ashamed of what you /I'm not!
dialog: /want?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: My wish is to have us all to be
dialog: together with Father and Mother in
dialog: this house - that’s what I want.
speaker_heading: AMY MEG
text: (under her breath) /SHHHHHH.
dialog: Beth is /perfect.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What about your music, Queen Bess?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: I only do that for us, I don’t need
dialog: anyone else to hear it.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (trying to shape her nose)
dialog: You must not limit yourself.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (standing, ending it)
dialog: Mother proposed not having any
dialog: presents this Christmas because our
dialog: men are suffering in the army. We
dialog: can’t do much, but we should make
dialog: our little sacrifices and do it
text: gladly.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Don’t play mother just because
text: she’s not home.
text: Jo throws a pillow at Meg, it hits her squarely in the face.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Don’t Jo; it’s so boyish.
speaker_heading: JO AMY
dialog: That’s why I /do it. (disdainfully)
dialog: /I detest rude, unlady-like
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I hate affected little chits!
dialog: 28.
text: Jo tackles Amy and Beth and pulls in Meg. They commence play-
text: fighting. In the tussle, Amy shouts out:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Watch my nose! My nose! It’s
dialog: already no good!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (entering)
dialog: I know you don’t care what I think,
dialog: but you don’t want your mother to
dialog: find you like this, do you?
text: The girls untangle and run to Hannah. She’s a good-natured
dialog: woman old enough to be their grandmother.
speaker_heading: MEG JO
dialog: (kissing her) /You're more family than
dialog: Of course we care what /you wicked old Aunt March.
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: BETH AMY
dialog: Don't, /Jo. /Where is Marmee?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Goodness only knows. Some poor
dialog: creature came a-beggin', and your
dialog: ma went straight off to see what
dialog: was needed.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I wish she could help other people
dialog: at a time convenient to us.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (holding her doll)
dialog: Joanna and I are very hungry.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Dolls don’t get hungry, Beth.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (holing up the pages)
dialog: I've re-written the climax and we
dialog: need to set it to memory. Amy, get
dialog: the costumes.
speaker_heading: AMY BETH
dialog: I’ve made a DIVINE hat, and /I think the melancholy piece
dialog: painted those old shoes blue I've figured out is pretty
dialog: /so she truly looks like a good.
dialog: princess.
text: Beth goes to the piano and Jo hands out the new pages:
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JO BETH
dialog: Meg, wait until you see this (marveling at the pages)
dialog: /new speech! /I don’t see how you can
dialog: You're as
dialog: /in that.
dialog: Amy falls
scene_heading: EXT./INT.
dialog: write such splendid things,
dialog: Jo! You're a regular
dialog: Shakespeare.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Not quite.
dialog: (to Amy)
dialog: Miss Michelangelo, can you please
dialog: rehearse the fainting scene?
speaker_heading: JO AMY
text: stiff as a poker (almost yelling)
dialog: /I can’t help it! I never saw
dialog: anyone faint and I don’t
dialog: choose to make myself all
dialog: black and blue. If I can go
dialog: down easily, I‘’1l drop. If I
dialog: can't, I shall fall into a
dialog: chair and be graceful; I
dialog: don’t care if Hugo does come
text: at me with a pistol.
text: into a chair, and Jo turns to Hannah:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Hannah...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I’m not acting.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I didn’t even say anything!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I knew what you were going to say
dialog: and I’m not acting.
scene_heading: CONCORD. MARCH HOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 1861.
text: Marmee approaches her modest home, and sees her girls
text: laughing and rehearsing, joyfully playing make-believe. She
dialog: fights tears and sadness, about what, we don’t entirely know.
dialog: We just know that what she does as a mother isn’t free. Of
dialog: course it’s not, nothing is ever free, even a joy a mother
dialog: can make.
dialog: 30.
text: Just before she flings open the door, she puts a smile on her
text: face. Like so many mothers, she creates magic where there is
dialog: none, and enables her girls to be brave.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Merry Christmas, girls!
text: All the girls shriek and crowd around her.
speaker_heading: MARMEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so glad to see you so happy.
speaker_heading: JO BETH
dialog: Mother! Are you freezing, /Hannah and I made these
dialog: /come have some tea. cakes.
speaker_heading: MEG AMY
dialog: We finished the /sewing! /Wait until you see my
dialog: portrait.
text: They clearly worship their mother. As she’s talking, they
text: follow her into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Jo, you look tired - were you up
dialog: again all night writing? Amy, come
dialog: kiss me! How are my girls?
speaker_heading: BETH JO
dialog: I'm so /hungry! /I could eat a horse.
speaker_heading: AMY MEG
dialog: Stop it, /Jo! /Look at this breakfast!
text: Marmee sees the expectant faces and wrestles with herself:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Not far from here lives a poor
text: young woman, Mrs. Hummel. Her five
dialog: children are in one bed to keep
dialog: from freezing, and there is nothing
dialog: to eat. My girls, will you give
dialog: them your breakfast as a Christmas
dialog: present?
text: They are very quiet, because they really don’t want to do it.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Is this where you say that Father
dialog: would want us to?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: INT. LAURENCE HOUSE. FORMAL DINING ROOM. DAY. 1861.
text: Mr. Laurence sits with his grandson, Laurie, his grandson's
text: tutor, Mr. Brooke. It is quiet and proper, the opposite of
text: the merry mayhem of the March household.
speaker_heading: MR. BROOKE
dialog: (while being served)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (then to his host)
dialog: And thank you, Mr. Laurence, for
dialog: including me.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: You're welcome. Perhaps you could
dialog: tutor my grandson in manners as
dialog: well as mathematics.
text: They both look at Laurie, who watches the March women walk
text: across the snow-covered field with their breakfast. Jo hits
text: Amy with a snowball, and there is a general tussle.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (quietly to himself)
dialog: What are they doing?
scene_heading: EXT. CONCORD. CHURCH. CHRISTMAS DAY. 1861.
text: All of the “proper” people of Concord are entering the local
dialog: church, serving God in the traditional manner.
text: The March family walks by, actually doing the Christ-like
dialog: thing, instead of performing their faith.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS AROUND THE HUMMELL HOUSE. DAY. 1861.
text: The girls make their way through the woods and finally find
text: themselves outside of a shack that is so dilapidated that it
text: is hardly standing. This is the Hummel house.
scene_heading: INT. HUMMEL HOUSE. DAY. 1861.
text: The girls enter, tentative at first around such wretched
text: poverty. Mrs. Hummel is barely older than they are, and
text: frighteningly thin. Marmee shows no hesitation, immediately
text: taking the infant into her arms.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUMMEL
dialog: Ach, mein Gott! It is good angels
dialog: come to us!
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I’m back! We brought food and
dialog: blankets and sweaters. And we
dialog: brought some medicine. These are my
dialog: girls!
text: They all set about making the room less wretched, more home-
text: like. Marmee comforts the baby, Meg takes two children into
text: her lap, Amy cleans and straightens, Beth covers the other
text: children with blankets, Jo sets up the food.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH DINING ROOM. LATE AFTERNOON. 1861.
text: Freezing but happy, the women return, and immediately see
text: Hannah has arranged an unimaginable feast, with candy and ice
text: cream and cakes. Hannah pulls Mrs. March aside while the
dialog: girls marvel:
speaker_heading: AMY BETH
dialog: Is it /fairies? /Santa Claus.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No, it’s old Aunt March!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Mr. Laurence sent it.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: The Laurence boy’s grandfather?
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: He saw you giving your Christmas
dialog: breakfast away and wanted you to
dialog: enjoy the day.
text: They all run to the window to look.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: But I thought he was a mean old
dialog: man!
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: That’s so generous of him.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: His grandson Laurie put the idea
dialog: into his head! I know he did. We
dialog: should make friends with him.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Boys scare me. And that big old
dialog: house scares me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (gorging on sweets)
dialog: Jenny Snow says that Mr. Laurence
dialog: disowned his son after he went off
dialog: with an Italian woman, and now his
dialog: grandson is an orphan and he spends
dialog: all of his time in that house
text: locked up with his tutor.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: He is a very kind man who lost his
dialog: little girl when she was only a
text: child, and now his son as well.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: His daughter died? That’s so sad.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: But doesn’t Laurie just seem so
dialog: romantic? He’s half Italian.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JO MEG
dialog: What do you know? You’ve (touching their petals)
dialog: never spoken /to him! /Flowers in winter.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I am not responsible for this
dialog: feast, but I have got a surprise.
speaker_heading: MEG/JO/BETH/AMY
dialog: A letter! / from Father! / Is he
dialog: coming home? / Three cheers!
text: They gather around Marmee, sitting her into her easy chair,
dialog: and making her comfortable. This is clearly their tradition:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Don’t I wish I could go...
speaker_heading: BETH AMY
dialog: Poor Jo - we can’t give up /It must be very disagreeable
dialog: our only /brother. to sleep in a tent.
dialog: 34.
text: Jo takes her position behind the chair.
speaker_heading: AMY JO
text: Jo stands in the back so we (smacks her head)
dialog: can’t see her /cry. /So what if I do?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (on her mother’s lap)
dialog: When will he come home?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: He will stay and do his work
text: faithfully as long as he can, and
dialog: we won’t ask for him back a minute
text: sooner than he can be spared.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “Give them all my dear love and a
dialog: kiss. Tell them I think of them by
dialog: day, pray for them by night and
dialog: find my best comfort in their
dialog: affection at all times.
text: As the letter is being read, we see the sisters put on the
text: play they had been rehearsing. With Marmee and Hannah
text: cheering them on, they perform for the neighborhood children.
text: The children are entranced as Jo, dressed as Hugo, with a
text: black beard, a mysterious cloak, boots and a sword, calls
dialog: out:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What ho! Minion! I need thee!
speaker_heading: MARMEE (V.O.)
dialog: ...A year seems a very long time to
dialog: wait before I see them but remind
dialog: them that while we wait we may all
dialog: work, so that these hard days need
dialog: not be wasted....
text: Meg enters as Hagar, the horrible old witch. A smoke effect
text: and a well done homemade costume make the audience gasp:
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Born of roses, fed on dew,
dialog: What charms and potions canst thou
dialog: brew?
text: Jo mouths the words along with her - she’s written every one.
speaker_heading: MARMEE (V.O.)
dialog: .-.I know they will be loving
dialog: children to you, do their duty
dialog: faithfully, fight their enemies
dialog: bravely...
dialog: 35.
text: Amy, as the Sprite, appears on top of a poorly constructed
text: “tree,” to give the illusion of “flying”:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hither I come, from my airy home,
text: afar in the silver moo -- AHHHHH!
text: In mid-speech and gesture, Amy falls with a loud crash:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (breaking character)
dialog: Don’t laugh! Act like it’s all
dialog: right! Just keep going! Beth play!
text: Beth is revealed playing and trying to keep a straight face,
text: while the sisters scramble to keep the performance going.
speaker_heading: MARMEE (V.O.)
dialog: ...and conquer themselves so
dialog: beautifully...
text: Princess Zara (Amy) and Roderigo (Meg) kneel before Don Pedro
text: (Jo), as he pronounces them man and wife. Beth plays the
text: final triumphant chords.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Brava! Brava!
text: The audience claps as the sisters bow - Jo gentlemanly, Meg
text: demurely, Amy the diva, and Beth’s small quiet curtsy. One
text: woman rises to her feet with her applause and shouts:
speaker_heading: MARMEE (V.O.)
dialog: ....that when I come back to them I
dialog: may be fonder and prouder than ever
dialog: of my little women.”
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. TRAIN. DAY. 1869.
text: The whistle blows, Jo is being gently shaken awake.
speaker_heading: RAILROAD PORTER
dialog: Your stop, ma’am.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING HOUSE. KITCHEN/LAUNDRY. NEW YORK. DAY. 1869.
text: Mrs. Kirke hangs laundry as Friedrich questions her:
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: She’s gone? Why?
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: MRS. KIRKE
dialog: I don’t know. She just left.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: But she didn’t say if she was
dialog: coming back?
scene_heading: MRS. KIRKE
dialog: We didn’t have a heart to heart,
dialog: Professor.
dialog: (to a maid)
dialog: What are you doing? Why are you
dialog: just sitting there? Go dust
dialog: something.
dialog: And what about the girls? She was
dialog: the best teacher they ever had.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I know...
text: Friedrich looks troubled and serious.
scene_heading: EXT. CONCORD TOWN ROAD. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo, with her luggage, walks home on the familiar roads she
text: knows so well. She breathes in the air and trudges onward.
scene_heading: THE PAST. EXT. CONCORD TOWN ROAD. MORNING. JANUARY, 1862.
text: The four girls are walking, bundled against the cold. The
text: streets are more bustling, the atmosphere cozier. It is how
dialog: childhood always is in memory -- brighter and better. They
text: are back to the daily task of making a living.
speaker_heading: MEG BETH
dialog: It’s so hard to go back to /I wish it was Christmas
dialog: work after such /good times. every day.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Or New Year’s, wouldn’t that be
dialog: exciting?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: We're a bunch of ungrateful minxes!
speaker_heading: MEG JO
dialog: Don’t use such dreadful /I like good strong words
dialog: /expressions! that mean something.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well I have to go to school and I
dialog: don’t have any limes.
dialog: 37.
dialog: do that for?
speaker_heading: JO AMY
dialog: Limes? The other girls are all
dialog: trading pickled limes. I’m in
dialog: debt. I owe ever so many
dialog: limes.
speaker_heading: MEG JO
dialog: (giving her a quarter) (to Meg)
dialog: Will that /do? /What did you
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I know what it is to want little
dialog: things and feel less than other
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Between that and the drawings I
dialog: should wipe out my debt.
speaker_heading: JO AMY
dialog: What /drawings? (defensive)
dialog: /Nothing!
text: Beth shudders.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I'm just glad that mother doesn’t
dialog: make me go to that school with all
dialog: those girls...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (reminded)
dialog: Beth, after your shopping, I need
dialog: you to work your way through the
dialog: new sums and spelling and I‘1l
dialog: check it all when I get home.
text: Meg looks at the sun, and speeds up.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Hurry! I’1l be late!
text: They break apart from each other at the fork in the road,
text: Beth and Meg going one direction and Amy and Jo in another.
scene_heading: EXT. AUNT MARCH'S HOUSE. THE SAME DAY. 1862.
text: Jo hops over a fence and runs toward Aunt March’s house.
scene_heading: INT. AUNT MARCH’S HOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 1862.
text: Aunt March dozes, poodle in her lap, while Jo stands by the
text: bookcase and surreptitiously reads her own book.
dialog: 38.
text: She turns the page, trying to be as quiet as possible, but
text: Aunt March wakes up.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (0.S.) Jo
dialog: JOSY-/PHINE! (hiding her book)
dialog: /Yes!
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Is there a reason you stopped
dialog: reading Belsham?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I'm sorry, I’1l continue.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: (examining her)
dialog: You mind yourself, dearie, one day
dialog: you'll need me and you'll wish you
dialog: had behaved better.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Thank you, Aunt March, for your
dialog: employment and many kindnesses, but
dialog: I intend to make my own way in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: No one makes their own way, not
dialog: really, least of all a woman.
dialog: You’1ll need to marry well.
speaker_heading: JO AUNT MARCH
dialog: You are not married, Aunt /Because I was rich and made
dialog: /March. sure to keep my money.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: So the only way to be an unmarried
dialog: woman is to be rich.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: But there are precious few ways for
dialog: women to make money.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: That’s not true. You could run a
dialog: cat house, or go on the stage.
text: Practically the same thing.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (says nothing)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Other than that, you’re right,
dialog: precious few ways for women. That’s
dialog: why you should heed me.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: So I can get married.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: No, so you can live a better life
dialog: than your poor mother has.
speaker_heading: JO AUNT MARCH
dialog: Marmee loves her /life. /You don’t know what she
dialog: loves. Your father cared more
dialog: about educating freedmen’s
dialog: children than taking care of
dialog: his family.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes, but he was right.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: It is possible to be right and
dialog: foolish.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Well, you’re not paid to think.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (CONT'D)
dialog: (softening slightly)
dialog: I know you don’t care much about
dialog: marriage now. I can’t say I blame
dialog: you, but I intend to go to Europe
dialog: one more time, and I need a
dialog: companion. How would you like to be
dialog: the person I take?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I'd like that more than anything!
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Then read and don’t sneak around. I
dialog: don’t like sneaks.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL. THE SAME DAY. 1862.
text: During a break, one of the school girls whispers to Amy:
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL #1
dialog: President Lincoln.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No! Father is fighting for him.
scene_heading: SCHOOL GIRL #2 AMY
dialog: My father says the war is a (shocked)
dialog: waste, we should just let /It is immoral!
dialog: them keep /their labor.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL #2
dialog: Everyone benefited from the system,
dialog: including you Marches - why should
dialog: only the south be punished?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Perhaps we should all be punished.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL #1
dialog: The Marches love a cause.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL #3
dialog: Fine, just do Mr. Davis.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don’t know if I should.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL #1
dialog: I'll wipe out your debt and give
dialog: you five more limes besides.
text: Amy is seduced, and instantly starts drawing the (very good
text: and accurate) caricature. The girls giggle. Amy gets carried
text: away, drawing a conversation bubble with words “My eye is
text: upon you, young ladies.” More laughter. Suddenly, a shadow
text: falls over them, and all the girls look up, scared, and move
text: away. Amy, however, is too wrapped up in her drawing to
text: notice. When she does, Mr. Davis looks down sternly at her.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MR. LAURENCE’S HOUSE. DAY. 1862.
text: Laurie tries very hard to study with his tutor, Mr. Brooke,
text: but it is hopeless, Laurie keeps jumping up and distracting
text: himself with something in the room. His most recent position
text: is standing like a statue, perched on a chair.
speaker_heading: MR. BROOKE
dialog: Sit down. Sit down, Laurie. Latin
dialog: is a privilege. Please, you have to
dialog: learn this. I can’t afford to lose
dialog: this position. Just return to
dialog: Cicero.
text: But Laurie is staring out the window.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: There’s a girl out there.
speaker_heading: MR. BROOKE
dialog: No, there is not.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: YES! Mr. Brooke, there is a girl!
text: He throws open the window and yells out:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Hello there! Are you hurt?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (sniffling but yelling)
dialog: I’m Amy.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Hello Amy, I’m Laurie!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I know. You brought my sister back
dialog: from the dance - I would have
dialog: never sprained MY ankle, I have
dialog: lovely small feet. Best in my
dialog: family. But I can never go home
dialog: again, I’m in such trouble. Look.
text: She holds up her hand, which is red and bleeding a little.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Davis hit me.
scene_heading: INT. LAURENCE HOUSE. LIBRARY. DAY. 1862.
text: Amy, her hand now bandaged, sits looking at an art book,
dialog: pretending to be a very fine lady.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (doing a voice)
dialog: Tell the servants that I want this
dialog: painting purchased for me!
speaker_heading: IMMEDIATELY!
text: Laurie laughs at this confident girl. Amy likes making him
text: laugh. Mr. Brooke shakes his head, frustrated. A servant
text: enters, followed by Jo and Meg.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: (indicating Amy)
dialog: She’s in here...
dialog: 42.
text: Meg goes instantly to Amy, while Jo gets distracted by all
text: the books. Laurie stands when Jo enters:
speaker_heading: LAURIE JO
dialog: Jo! (bursting out)
dialog: What richness! Theodore
dialog: Lawrence you ought to be the
dialog: happiest boy in the world!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: A fellow can’t live on books alone.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I could.
text: Meg is tending to Amy, and Mr. Brooke can’t help but stare at
text: Meg, completely flummoxed by her beauty and goodness:
speaker_heading: MEG JO
dialog: What happened /little lamb? (suspicious, to Amy)
dialog: /What did you do?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (playing innocent)
dialog: Just a drawing and then... Mr.
dialog: Davis hit me.
text: Amy starts crying again, holds up her hand. Meg has taken off
text: her gloves and put them on a side table while she examines
text: her sister's outstretched hand. Mr. Brooke eyes the gloves,
text: he’s drawn to the items so recently worn by Meg.
text: Jo, who has been roaming the room, stops in front of a
text: portrait of Mr. Laurence. Laurie follows her gaze.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Christopher Columbus, look at that.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: That’s my grandfather. Are you
dialog: scared of him?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I’m not scared of anyone! He looks
dialog: stern, but my grandfather was much
dialog: more handsome.
text: Unfortunately, during this speech, Mr. Laurence has entered
text: with Mrs. March, unseen by Jo.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Jo! We do not compare grandfathers!
dialog: 43.
text: Jo spins around and sees Mr. Laurence and her mother.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: You think he’s more handsome, hey?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Oh, no. You are very handsome. I
dialog: didn’t mean...
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: (cracking half a smile)
dialog: I knew your mother’s father. You’ve
dialog: got his spirit.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Marmee tends to Amy.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: You are not to attend that school
dialog: any more.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Good, that man has always been an
dialog: idiot.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Jo will teach you.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: ME?! I already teach Beth!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: You’re a good teacher.
speaker_heading: MR. BROOKE
dialog: (trying with Meg)
dialog: Yes, women being taught at home is
dialog: much more proper, I believe.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: Only because the schools for women
dialog: are so poor.
speaker_heading: MR. BROOKE
dialog: Indeed, quite right.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I wish all the girls would leave
dialog: his horrible school and that he
dialog: would die.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: You did wrong, Amy, and there will
dialog: be consequences.
dialog: (to Laurie)
dialog: Thank you so much for taking care
dialog: of Amy. My girls do have a way of
dialog: getting into mischief.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: So do I!
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Then you should run over and we'll
dialog: take care of you.
speaker_heading: LAURIE JO
dialog: And please come here, /YES! Beth would adore the
dialog: whenever you'd like. And tell piano!
dialog: Beth to come /too.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: Is she the quiet one?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: That’s our Beth.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: (pretend business-like)
dialog: Tell the little girl to use our
dialog: piano.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: And Jo, borrow any book you'd like!
scene_heading: AMY MR. BROOKE
dialog: And may I come look /at the (to Meg)
dialog: paintings? /There is also a lovely
dialog: greenhouse..
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: We must be going. Girls?
speaker_heading: JO/AMY /MEG
dialog: Thank you/ Please come over/Many
dialog: thanks/Our apologies.
text: The women leave and Mr. Brooke notices Meg has left her glove
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: MR. BROOKE
dialog: Oh, Miss Meg! You forgot your
dialog: glove!
dialog: 45.
text: The men are left standing in the silence of their absence.
text: Mr. Laurence breaks the spell:
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: Well, back to work, back to work.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. EXT. MARCH HOUSE. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo looks towards the Laurence’s house, which is dark,
text: shutters closed. It doesn’t seem right without Laurie in it.
text: She looks in the forest by the pond to find an old mailbox.
text: She produces a key with a red ribbon and holds it in her
text: hand, and we and she are transported back to....
scene_heading: THE PAST. INT. MARCH ATTIC. DAY. 1862.
text: Meg, Beth, Jo and Amy are all dressed as men, with hats and
text: spectacles and pipes - Meg reading from the homemade
text: newspaper in her lovely sonorous voice.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (finishing)
text: A NEW PLAY, written by Miss Jo
dialog: March, will appear at the Barnville
dialog: Theatre, in the course of the next
dialog: few weeks, which will surpass
dialog: anything ever seen before on the
dialog: American stage.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Starring the greatest actress from
dialog: here to the Mississippi River, Miss
dialog: Meg March.
speaker_heading: MEG
text: WEEKLY REPORT Meg— Good. Jo— Bad.
text: Beth— Very Good. Amy— Middling.
speaker_heading: BETH AMY
dialog: Excellent. Well done, sirs.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Mr. President and gentlemen, I wish
dialog: to propose the admission of a new
dialog: member. One who highly deserves the
dialog: honor, would be deeply grateful,
dialog: and would add immensely to the
dialog: spirit of the club. I propose Mr.
dialog: Theodore Laurence!
speaker_heading: MEG AMY
dialog: No! Absolutely not!
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (breaking formality)
dialog: Come now, let’s have him.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: He’s a real boy!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: We don't want any boys. This is a
dialog: club for ladies.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I think we should to do it, even if
dialog: we are afraid. I say yes. It’s
dialog: Laurie!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Now then, everybody vote, and
dialog: remember that it’s our Laurie and
dialog: say “AYE!”
speaker_heading: MEG AMY
dialog: (reluctantly) Aye.
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: And, as there is no time like the
dialog: present!
text: Jo throws open the doors of the closet, and Laurie is there,
text: already dressed for the occasion of the meeting.
speaker_heading: AMY MEG
dialog: You /traitor! /You rogue!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Ladies, please - this is my
dialog: stratagem, I deserve the blame: Jo
dialog: only gave into it after lots of
dialog: teasing.
text: Laurie bows deeply.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Hear hear!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I merely wish to say, that as a
dialog: slight token of my gratitude and as
dialog: a means of promoting friendly
dialog: relations between adjoining
dialog: nations, I propose this set of keys
dialog: for a little post office I’ve made
text: in the forest by the pond.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: LAURIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Allow me to present four copies of
dialog: the key, and with many thanks for
dialog: your favor, take my seat as part of
dialog: the club.
text: He lays the four keys (with different colored ribbons) before
text: them and bows again and they all cheer.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. EXT. MARCH HOUSE. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo holds the very same key and opens the post office box -
text: nothing, of course. She shuts it back up and trudges across
text: the field to her childhood home.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. KITCHEN. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo walks in the kitchen, and is immediately surrounded by
text: Hannah, Meg, Marmee, and Demi and Daisy. They unload her bags
text: and sit her in a chair and pepper her with questions.
speaker_heading: JO HANNAH
dialog: Hello! Thank God you’re home!
speaker_heading: MEG MARMEE
dialog: Oh Jo I’ve missed you! We could have come to get
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (leaning down to the
dialog: children)
dialog: Daisy and Demi! You’ve gotten so
dialog: big!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I wish you were here to teach
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (hugging Meg)
dialog: I’m here now...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It’s so good to have you home! I
dialog: think the loneliness got to Beth,
dialog: though she ain’t said anything.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Beth, where is Beth?
text: Jo turns to Marmee, who shows the truth in her eyes.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: She's upstairs. Oh, my Jo. We all
dialog: thought she was better but the
dialog: fever had weakened her heart.
text: Jo produces an envelope full of money.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Take this and find her the best
dialog: doctor you can.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: No, you need this money to live in
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I’m not going back. I’m using the
dialog: rest to take her to the sea and get
dialog: her strong.
text: She hugs all the women again.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: When is Amy coming home?
text: Marmee and Meg exchange glances.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: We didn’t want to worry her.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Does she not know?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Beth insisted we not tell her
dialog: because she didn’t want to ruin
dialog: Amy's trip.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (rueful)
dialog: Amy has always had a talent for
dialog: getting out of the hard parts of
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Jo, don’t be angry with your
dialog: sister...
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: THE PAST. INT. MARCH HOUSE. EVENING. 1862.
text: Jo, in her and Meg's room, places a pretty cover page on top
dialog: of the novel she has written. She lovingly writes “For
dialog: Father,” and hears:
speaker_heading: MEG (0.S.)
dialog: Jo! Jo, where are you? I can’t find
dialog: my other glove!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (hollering)
dialog: TAKE MINE!
text: Jo puts her novel carefully in a drawer that is filled with
text: her finished writing, and closes it.
speaker_heading: MEG (0.S.)
dialog: Jo we're going to be late!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (entering)
dialog: You're not invited.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You are going somewhere with
dialog: Laurie, I know it!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes, we are, now stop bothering.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Do you have the tickets?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes! Hurry up!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You're going to the theatre with
dialog: Laurie. Meg, please, can I come?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I’m sorry, dear, but you weren’t
dialog: invited.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You can’t go Amy, so don’t be a
text: baby and whine about it.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’ve been shut up in here and I
dialog: never get to go anywhere. Beth has
dialog: her piano but I’m so lonely!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (from the piano)
dialog: I can teach you chords.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AMY JO
dialog: I don’t want chords, I want NO. I think you’d hate to
dialog: to go to the /theatre! poke yourself in where you’re
dialog: not wanted. We already have
dialog: to deal with dull Mr. Brooke.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I like him, he’s kind.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’ll pay for myself!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You will not come.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I'm sorry, my sweet, but Jo is
dialog: right. Next time.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: Come, Meg, stop petting her!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You'll be sorry for this Jo March!
dialog: You will! You’1l regret this!
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE. NIGHT. 1862.
text: Jo and Meg watch the play, which is a campy vaudeville kind
text: of thing. They are completely engaged in the proceedings. The
text: men are watching them: Laurie looks at Jo while Mr. Brooke
text: looks at Meg.
scene_heading: INT. JO AND MEG’S ROOM. EVENING. 1862.
text: Amy sneaks into Jo and Meg’s room, searching every drawer and
text: hiding place for the novel that she knows is there. She
text: finally finds it in the bureau. She pulls out the novel that
text: Jo has just lovingly placed there.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE. NIGHT. 1862.
text: As they leave the theatre, Mr. Brooke offers Meg his arm, and
text: she takes it. Jo notices and doesn’t like it at all.
dialog: 51.
text: Laurie sees Jo’s expression and offers his own arm in mock
text: chivalry. She punches him in the shoulder, and then races up,
text: taking her sister’s other arm, pulling her away from Mr.
dialog: Brooke.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. EVENING. 1862.
text: Amy places page after page into the fire, watching it burn,
text: and feeling nothing but terrific about it.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. 1862. CONTINUOUS
text: Meg and Jo waltz in. Beth is playing with her dolls and Amy
text: is sitting and reading, suspiciously quiet. Jo sprints
dialog: upstairs.
speaker_heading: JO
text: (yelling down as she runs
dialog: up the stairs)
dialog: Meg you’re a million times better
dialog: than she was - although she was a
dialog: terrific fainter!
speaker_heading: MEG JO (0.S.)
dialog: (musing to herself) /Ugh, that Mr. Brooke, could
dialog: I wonder how she managed to he be any more... obsequious?
dialog: turn white /as she did?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (hollering back)
dialog: I thought he was very well-
dialog: mannered.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (from upstairs)
dialog: Hold on, let me just get this idea
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Beth what’s your favorite eye
dialog: color?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Purple.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (wrapped up in her own
dialog: story)
text: Mr. Brooke has blue eyes and an old
dialog: soul which is much more important
dialog: than money.
text: Jo re-appears, walking slowly.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Has anyone taken my novel?
speaker_heading: MEG BETH
dialog: No. No. Why?
text: Amy starts reading even more intently than before.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Amy... you’ve got it.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No I haven’t.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (grabbing her shoulders)
dialog: That’s a lie!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It isn’t! I haven’t got it - I
dialog: don’t know where it is and I don’t
dialog: care.
speaker_heading: JO MEG
dialog: Tell me or /I’'1l make you! (trying to hold her
dialog: back)
dialog: /Jo, don't!
dialog: (calling)
speaker_heading: MARMEE !
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I BURNT IT UP! I BURNT UP YOUR
dialog: BOOK! I TOLD YOU I’D MAKE YOU PAY
dialog: AND I DID!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You wicked girl! You wicked, wicked
dialog: girl! I can never write it again!
dialog: I'll never forgive you as long as I
dialog: live!
dialog: 
text: They are fighting, full-out fighting, during these last
text: lines, as their sisters and Marmee attempt to stop it.
scene_heading: INT. JO’S ROOM. EVENING. 1862.
text: Jo is weeping, Beth cradling her head, Meg holds her hand.
text: Marmee enters with Amy, who looks penitent. Marmee nods at
dialog: her, as if to say “go ahead”:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’m sorry, Jo.
dialog: 53.
dialog: Nothing from Jo.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Amy...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (a rush of words)
dialog: It’s just that the only thing you
dialog: care about is your writing so it’s
dialog: not as if I could hurt you by
dialog: ruining one of your dresses. And I
dialog: really did want to hurt you.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: I am the most sorry for it now. I’m
dialog: so sorry.
text: Marmee approaches the bed.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Don’t let the sun go down on your
dialog: anger. Forgive her. Help each
dialog: other, and you begin again
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (running from the room)
dialog: She doesn’t deserve my forgiveness.
dialog: I will hate her! I will hate her
dialog: forever!
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. KITCHEN. MORNING. 1862.
text: A very tense breakfast: Jo’s eyes are red and puffy and a
text: remorseful Amy tries to sit beside her and make peace, but Jo
text: changes seats away from her. Amy looks pleadingly at Meg.
text: Laurie bursts open the back door, unaware of all the trouble.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Good morning ladies! It’s brisk and
dialog: brilliant and I think the last day
dialog: for the river - get your ice
dialog: skates!
text: Jo springs up, thrilled to have something to do.
speaker_heading: JO AMY
dialog: One second! Go down, and I’11 /I want to come too! Last
dialog: /be right there! time you promised I could go!
text: Jo, not acknowledging her, grabs her skates and races out.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (wailing)
dialog: Is she going to be like this
dialog: forever?!
speaker_heading: BETH AMY
dialog: It was a very hard loss /for /Is there nothing I can do?
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (conspiratorially)
dialog: Go after her. Don't say anything
dialog: till Jo has got good-natured with
dialog: Laurie, then take a quiet minute
dialog: and just kiss her, or do some kind
dialog: thing, and I'm sure she'll be
dialog: friends again.
text: Heartened, Amy grabs her skates.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER. DAY. 1862.
text: Amy runs out of the house, calling:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Wait for me! Please!
text: Jo pretends not to hear, skating near the edge while Laurie
text: tests the ice. Amy is just getting to the riverbank, waving
dialog: and calling.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hello! Wait for me!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Stay near the edge, it’s not safe
dialog: in the middle!
text: Jo hesitates for a moment, and looks at Amy, who struggles
text: with her skates - it’s not clear whether or not she heard
text: Laurie. Jo opens her mouth to say something, but changes her
text: mind. The anger in her heart has made her small and mean.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (to Jo, not seeing Amy)
dialog: Ready?
text: Jo takes off down the ice, jumping the gun, Laurie racing
dialog: after her.
text: Meanwhile, Amy tentatively steps onto the ice. She begins
text: gliding, arms out, a younger and less experienced skater.
dialog: 55.
text: Farther along the river, Laurie and Jo are trying tricks and
text: spins, when Jo suddenly feels a pang of guilt, but shoves her
text: feelings down and races to catch Laurie.
text: She plows into Laurie, toppling him. They are both laughing
text: when just at that moment - CRRAACCCKKK. The sound of ice
text: splitting. And a high pitched scream:
speaker_heading: AMY (0.S.)
dialog: HELP! HELP!
text: Laurie and Jo freeze and look at each other, and in the same
text: instant they scramble up, Jo screaming.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Amy! It’s AMY!
text: They race back, Jo sending up a breathless prayer, an
text: incantation, a pleading with the universe:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Oh god, oh god, dear god please...
text: They find Amy surfacing and screaming and then going back
text: under. Jo is almost paralyzed with terror...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No... no...
text: .-. but Laurie has leapt to action.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Jo! Get a branch!
text: Jo obeys quickly, blindly, using the incredible strength that
text: is available to people in times of crises - Jo drags a large
text: branch over to Laurie, who stretches it over to Amy:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Grab on!
text: She does, and Laurie and Jo both lie flat on their stomachs
text: so as not to disturb the ice, as they pull together. Jo is
text: terrified but keeping herself together to get Amy to safety.
text: The effort makes her own hands bleed. She and Laurie give one
text: last pull and Amy is back on firm ground.
text: Tears are streaming down Jo’s face as she strips off all her
text: warm clothes and bundles them around Amy.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: My sister, my sister, dear God
dialog: thank you for my sweet sister.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. AMY AND BETH’S ROOM. EVENING. 1862.
text: Amy is asleep, covered in blankets. Jo is slumped down on the
text: floor beside her, not even feeling herself worthy of a chair.
text: Marmee adjusts Amy’s blanket, and then looking at Jo, decides
text: to take a seat beside her, on the floor:
speaker_heading: MARMEE
text: She’s asleep.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: If she had died it would've been my
dialog: fault.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: She will be fine, the doctor said
dialog: he didn’t even think she’d catch
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What is wrong with me? I’ve made so
dialog: many resolutions and written sad
dialog: notes and cried over my sins but it
dialog: doesn’t seem to help. When I get in
dialog: a passion I get so savage, I could
dialog: hurt anyone and enjoy it.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: You remind me of myself.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: But you’re never angry.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (honestly)
dialog: I’m angry nearly every day of my
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You are?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I’m not patient by nature, but with
dialog: nearly forty years of effort I have
dialog: learned to not let it get the
dialog: better of me.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (resolutely)
dialog: I'll do the same, then.
text: Marmee touches her daughters face.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I hope you'll do a great deal
dialog: better than me. There are some
dialog: natures too noble to curb, too
text: lofty to bend.
text: The two women sit beside each other as Amy sleeps. Jo puts
text: her head on Marmee’s shoulder.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. BETH’S ROOM. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo, sitting by the bed, watches over Beth as she did for Amy.
text: She attempts to write while Beth sleeps. She keeps starting,
text: crossing things out. She is divinely dissatisfied.
text: She gives up and picks up one of Amy’s letters. As she’s
text: reading, Beth opens her eyes and sees Jo sitting there.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Jo.
speaker_heading: JO BETH
dialog: Oh, Beth! My /love! /You didn’t need to come...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I never should’ve left. Do you need
dialog: anything? Here take some water.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: It’s so good to see your face.
speaker_heading: JO BETH
dialog: We're going to the sea to get /The sea!
dialog: you strong and /well.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I want you dancing by the time Amy
text: gets back.
speaker_heading: BETH JO
dialog: (worried) No, no...
dialog: She's not cutting her trip
dialog: short, /is she?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Good. Is there any news? What does
dialog: she say?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: She writes that Laurie is there...
dialog: I’m glad he’s with her, he won't
dialog: respond to any of my letters.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Do you miss him?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (tearing up)
dialog: I miss everything.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I know.
text: Jo bows her head on Beth’s bed.
scene_heading: THE PAST. EXT. LAURENCE HOUSE. SPRING DAY. 1862.
text: Meg is saying goodbye to everyone as she sets off for her
text: adventure to visit Annie Moffat. Mr. Brooke is carrying her
text: baggage, Hannah and the sisters and Marmee are helping with
text: odds and ends, Laurie is “boxing” with Jo, and Mr. Laurence
text: is there in his proper, “over-seeing-things” kind of way.
speaker_heading: AMY
text: HURRY UP YOU TWO! MEG IS GOING TO
dialog: BE GONE FOR A WEEK!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Coming!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (to Laurie)
dialog: You take the other carriage and
dialog: surprise her - make sure she
dialog: doesn’t fall in love!
speaker_heading: LAURIE MEG
dialog: Yes, Captain /Jo! (to her Mother)
dialog: /It was so kind of Annie to
dialog: invite me. Thank you for
dialog: letting me go, Marmee.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Just be who you are, my sweet Meg.
dialog: (handing her a necklace)
dialog: It was mine when I was your age.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Oh mother! Thank you!
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I’ve never understood saving
dialog: jewelry until marriage - pretty
dialog: things should be enjoyed.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (to Laurie, while kneeling
dialog: and removing a ring from
dialog: her finger)
dialog: Yes, pretty things should be
dialog: enjoyed.
text: Jo places the ring in Laurie’s hand.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (pouting)
dialog: I wish I could go to the debutante
dialog: ball.
speaker_heading: MR. BROOKE
dialog: (aside to Marmee)
dialog: Do you think this is a good idea,
dialog: her going away like this?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Girls have to go into the world and
dialog: make up their own minds about
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (to Meg)
dialog: Don’t forget about us.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I won’t Jo, it’s only a week!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
text: (handing a pair of shoes
dialog: to Marmee)
dialog: She needs to have some decent
dialog: shoes.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Thank you again for the carriage,
dialog: Mr. Laurence. I don’t know how to
dialog: repay you.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: Nonsense!
dialog: Although, there is one thing -
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Anything!
text: For a second, Mr. Laurence’s eyes flick to Beth - but then he
text: directs his comments to Marmee.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: It occurred to me today that my
dialog: daughter’s piano suffers from want
dialog: of use.
speaker_heading: MEG JO
dialog: Does /it? /Shhhhh!
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: Wouldn't one of your girls like to
dialog: run over, and practice on it now
dialog: and then, just to keep it in tune?
dialog: If they don't care to come, why,
dialog: never mind.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (bursting out)
dialog: Oh sir, they do care, very very
dialog: much!
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Are you the musical girl?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I love it dearly, and I'll come, if
dialog: you are quite sure nobody will hear
dialog: me, and be disturbed.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: Not a soul, my dear.
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: Drive on, and keep her safe!
text: Meg is pulled away by a carriage, and waves goodbye to
text: everyone, they run down the road after her.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNIE MOFFAT’S HOUSE. BOSTON. DAY. 1862.
text: Meg arrives at a very grand, beautiful house, and suddenly
text: feels quite self-conscious in her clothes.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. LAURENCE HOUSE. DAY. 1862.
text: Mr. Laurence watches from an upper window as a very timid
text: Beth tries to walk bravely across the lawn. She stops, and
text: turns back and walks towards her house, and then turns around
text: again, finally making it all the way into the Laurence house.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE MOFFAT’S HOUSE. DAY. 1862.
text: All the other girls are in their fabulous dresses, parading
text: up the grand staircase. Meg trails in her plain dress.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Now what dress will you wear
dialog: tonight, Meg?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (ashamed, but hiding it)
dialog: I will wear this one.
speaker_heading: SALLIE
dialog: That one? Can’t you send home for
dialog: another?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I haven’t got another.
speaker_heading: SALLIE
dialog: Only the one? Oh, that’s so /funny.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (jumping in)
dialog: /Not at all. There’s no need of
dialog: sending home, Daisy - I’m going to
dialog: call you Daisy now - I’ve got a
dialog: sweet pink dress laid away, and you
dialog: will wear it to please me, won't
dialog: you, Daisy?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: If it’s alright.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Of course!
scene_heading: INT. LAURENCE HOUSE. DAY. 1862.
text: Beth enters the big house and makes her way to the
text: conservatory, looking at the piano with love.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE MOFFAT’S HOUSE. STAIRS. DAY. 1862.
text: All the young men in their tuxedos wait for the young women
text: to descend down the grand staircase - their parents watch
text: proudly. The young ladies walk down the stairs like fancy
text: Easter Eggs, Meg the most beautiful of all. She’s a triumph.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE MOFFAT’S HOUSE. DAY. 1862.
text: Meg is done up nearly beyond recognition. She’s powdered and
text: corseted and drinking and flirting. In fact, she’s kind of
dialog: great at it.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Everyone is in love with you,
dialog: Daisy! You have to keep my dress.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I can’t keep your dress!
text: Suddenly, Laurie is standing in front of her. Meg starts.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Have fun, little Daisy.
text: And Annie retreats with her friends, giggling again.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (trying to be normal)
dialog: Laurie! I didn’t know you were
dialog: going to come!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: It was supposed to be a surprise.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: And what a lovely surprise it is.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Why are they calling you “Daisy”?
speaker_heading: MEG LAURIE
dialog: It's their pet name /for me. /Meg is a perfectly good
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: It’s just like playing a part, to
dialog: be Daisy for a little while.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: What would Jo say?
text: Meg says nothing but looks concerned.
speaker_heading: LAURIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You wouldn’t actually marry one of
dialog: these men, would you?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I might.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (re: her champagne)
dialog: You'll have a terrible headache
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: It’s a good thing that it’s still
dialog: tonight, then.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Do you like the way I look?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: No I don’t.
speaker_heading: MEG LAURIE
dialog: Why /not? /I don’t like fuss and
dialog: feathers.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: You...you are the rudest boy I ever
dialog: saw!
text: Meg, in her anger and hurt, inelegantly hands him her
text: champagne and accepts a dance with the boy standing nearest.
scene_heading: INT. LAURENCE HOUSE. DAY. 1862.
text: A very nervous Beth sits down and sees the sheet music in
text: front of her. At first she is tentative, trying to play
text: quietly, but soon she plays with abandon. She is on fire. Mr.
text: Laurence, sitting on the stairs, is deeply moved by Beth’s
text: music. Tears stream down his face.
scene_heading: INT. MOFFAT BALLROOM. NIGHT. 1862.
text: Meg feels faint from the corset and the champagne, and leans
text: her head against a cool windowpane, hot and ashamed. Laurie
text: comes and sits beside her.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Please forgive me and come dance.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (still hurt)
dialog: I'm afraid it would be too
dialog: disagreeable for you.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I don’t like your dress, but I
dialog: think you are just... splendid.
text: Meg smiles, and Laurie smiles at her.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I know it’s silly, but please don’t
dialog: tell Jo. Let me have my fun
dialog: tonight. I'll be desperately good
dialog: for the rest of my life.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. MOFFATT BALLROOM. NIGHT. 1862
text: The two of them are now dancing, looking young and sincere
text: and terrific. They whirl and spin and laugh and the music
text: plays on as the picture changes to...
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. MEG’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. NIGHT. 1869.
text: Meg sits scared and ashamed, and John - Mr. Brooke,
text: intelligent and kind and handsome - examines the two ledger
text: books. He struggles to understand.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I’m sorry, John. The silk was the
dialog: first real expense.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (making the best of it)
dialog: Fifty dollars, while a lot, is not,
dialog: I suppose, too much for a dress,
dialog: with all the notions that are
dialog: needed to finish it these days.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Well, it’s not exactly even a dress
dialog: yet... It’s just the fabric.
text: John takes off his glasses, overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, I see.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (working herself up)
dialog: I know you are angry, John. I don't
dialog: mean to waste your money, but I
dialog: can't resist when I see Sallie
dialog: buying all she wants, and pitying
dialog: me because I don't. I try to be
dialog: contented, but it is hard, and,
dialog: and...
dialog: (honestly and quietly)
dialog: I'm tired of being poor.
text: John bows his head, wounded.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I was afraid of this.
dialog: I do my best, Meg.
text: Instantly regretful, Meg begs forgiveness:
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Oh, John, my dear, kind, hard-
dialog: working boy. I didn't mean it! It
dialog: was so wicked, so untrue and
dialog: ungrateful, how could I say it!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Perhaps you meant it.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: No! Not a bit! We’ll figure out a
dialog: way to get you your coat as well,
dialog: and then won’t we be grand, the two
dialog: of us?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (pats her hand, rises)
dialog: I can’t afford it, my dear.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: John, but --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need to go to bed.
text: John gets up from the table.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (pausing, but not turning
dialog: around)
dialog: And I really am very sorry that you
dialog: have had to do without so many
dialog: beautiful things. And that you're
dialog: married to someone who can’t give
dialog: them to you.
text: He leaves, and she is terrified that she’s broken the man she
dialog: loves so much.
scene_heading: INT. PARIS. ARTIST’S STUDIO. DAY. 1869.
text: Amy is looking through her own paintings and sketches and has
text: a disturbed expression on her face. Laurie enters. His lot in
dialog: life is always to be apologizing to one March sister or
text: another, and he looks truly contrite.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Hello Amy!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (not turning around)
dialog: I don’t want to see you.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Oh, Amy I’m so sorry for how I
dialog: behaved. Please? Forgive me?
speaker_heading: AMY LAURIE
dialog: (still not turning) /Only a little, and it’s 4pm,
dialog: Have you been drinking you can’t be too hard on me.
dialog: /again?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Someone has to do it.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: So when do you begin your great
dialog: work of art, Raphaella?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (finally turning)
dialog: Never.
text: He sees her face, the ashen worry traced on it.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: What - why?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (grim)
dialog: I’m a failure. Jo is in New York,
dialog: being a writer, and I am a failure.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: That’s quite a statement to make at
dialog: twenty.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Rome took all the vanity out of me.
dialog: And Paris made me realize I’d never
dialog: be a genius. I’m giving up all my
dialog: foolish artistic hopes.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Why should you? You have so much
dialog: talent and energy.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Talent isn’t genius, and no amount
dialog: of energy can make it so. I want to
dialog: be great, or nothing. I won’t be a
dialog: common-place dauber, so I don’t
dialog: intend to try anymore.
text: Laurie watches her and then says conspiratorially:
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: What women are allowed into the
dialog: club of geniuses anyway?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: The Brontes?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: That’s it?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: And who always declares genius?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well, men, I suppose.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: They're cutting down the
dialog: competition.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That's a very complicated argument
dialog: to make me feel better.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Do you though? Feel better?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I do think that male or female, I’m
dialog: a middling talent.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Middling talent? Then may I ask
dialog: your last portrait be of me?
text: Amy laughs.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Now that you’ve given up all your
dialog: foolish artistic hopes, what are
dialog: you going to do with your life?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Polish up my other talents and be
dialog: an ornament to society.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Here is where Fred Vaughn comes in,
dialog: I suppose.
speaker_heading: AMY LAURIE
dialog: Don’t make /fun! (laughing)
dialog: /I'm not!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: You are not engaged, I hope?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: But you will be, if he goes down
dialog: properly on one knee?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Most likely, yes.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: He’s rich, richer than you, even.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I understand queens of society
dialog: can’t get on without money. But it
dialog: does sound odd coming from one of
dialog: your mother’s girls.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’ve always known that I would
dialog: marry rich. Why should I be ashamed
dialog: of that?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: There is nothing to be ashamed of,
dialog: as long as you love him.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well, I believe we have some power
dialog: over who we love, it isn’t
dialog: something that just happens to a
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I think the poets might disagree.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well. I’m not a poet, I’m just a
dialog: woman. And as a woman I have no way
dialog: to make money, not enough to earn a
dialog: living and support my family.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Even if I had my own money, which I
dialog: don’t, it would belong to my
dialog: husband the minute we were married.
dialog: If we had children they would
dialog: belong to him not me. They would be
dialog: his property. So don’t sit there
dialog: and tell me that marriage isn’t an
dialog: economic proposition, because it
dialog: is. It may not be for you but it
dialog: most certainly is for me.
text: The sound of a carriage approaching, and Amy gives a little
dialog: start:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That will be Fred now.
dialog: (to Laurie)
dialog: How do I look? Do I look all right?
text: Laurie looks at her, really looks at her for the first time.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: You look beautiful. You are...
dialog: beautiful.
text: She suddenly blushes, but smiles in thanks. And then runs off
text: to greet Fred. From the top of the staircase, Laurie looks at
text: her and Fred embrace, not sure of what he’s feeling.
scene_heading: THE PAST. EXT. BEACH. DAY. 1862.
text: On a perfect spring day, Laurie, playing the host, makes the
dialog: introductions of the British family to the March women. And
text: he introduces Fred Vaughn, who, of course, we already know as
dialog: Amy's potential husband.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: This is Fred Vaughn,
dialog: (a handsome young man)
dialog: and his sister Kate,
dialog: (a prim looking girl)
dialog: and of course you know Mr. Brooke -
text: and this is Meg, Amy, Beth and Jo.
text: Jo tips her oversized hat.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (British accent)
dialog: So pleased to meet you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh, how elegant.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: (suddenly intense)
dialog: Remember the name “Amy March.” I'm
dialog: going to come find you one day in
dialog: London.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Oh, I certainly will!
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. DAY. 1862.
text: KITES! BADMINTON! OCEAN!
text: - A badminton game between Fred and Amy on one team and Jo
text: and Laurie on the other while Beth cheers on both sides.
text: - Sallie tries to impress Kate and flirt with Fred.
text: - Fred tries to flirt with Jo, who kicks him.
dialog: - Everyone flies kites.
text: - Jo and Laurie run into the ocean.
text: - Amy settles with a sketchpad, drawing Laurie - this is the
dialog: picture we will see later (earlier).
dialog: 
text: - Mr. Brooke and Meg are talking and flirting and skipping
dialog: stones and generally being adorable and have that look of
dialog: intimacy.
text: - Jo, trying to practice her badminton skills, keeps looking
text: over at Meg, who gazes at Mr. Brooke adoringly. This annoys
text: Jo. Laurie sees her and comes and whispers in her ear.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (whispering to Jo)
dialog: I know something you don’t know.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (whispering back)
dialog: Tell me this second!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (devilish)
dialog: Has Meg perhaps mislaid a glove?
text: Jo whips around to look at Laurie.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Mr. Brooke has it?
dialog: (Laurie nods)
dialog: How do you know?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Saw it.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Pocket.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: All this time?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Yes, isn’t it romantic?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No, it’s horrid.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I thought you'd be pleased.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: At the idea of anybody coming to
dialog: take Meg away? No, thank you.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: You'll feel better about it when
dialog: somebody comes to take you away.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I'd like to see anyone try it!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: So would I!
text: More scenes of childhood on the beach play out over the sound
text: of Jo's voice reading The Mill on the Floss by George Eliot:
speaker_heading: JO (V.0.)
dialog: “We could never have loved the
dialog: earth so well if we had had no
dialog: childhood in it, if it were not the
dialog: earth where the same flowers come
dialog: up again every spring that we used
dialog: to gather with our tiny fingers.”
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. EXT. SEASHORE. DAY. 1869.
text: Beth is wrapped up and looking at the sea and Jo reads George
text: Eliot's “The Mill On the Floss.” The beach is emptier,
text: darker, colder -- the beach of their adulthood, without the
dialog: gloss of memory.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: “What novelty is worth that sweet
dialog: monotony where everything is known
dialog: and loved because it is known?”
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: How great is that?!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (nods, then)
dialog: I love to listen to you read, Jo,
dialog: but I love it even better when you
dialog: read the stories you’ve written.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (self-conscious)
dialog: I don’t have any new stories.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Haven't written any.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You have pencil and paper. Sit here
dialog: and write me something.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Uhh. I can’t, I don’t think I can
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It’s just, no one even cares to
dialog: hear my stories anyway.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Write something for me. You’re a
dialog: writer. Even before anyone knew or
dialog: paid you. I’m very sick and you
dialog: must do what I say.
text: Jo smiles and then lays back.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Do what Marmee taught us to do. Do
dialog: it for someone else.
dialog: Jo is quiet. Sometimes it’s hard when someone knows you.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: THE PAST. EXT./INT. UNION ARMY SOLDIER’S FUND. DAY. 1862.
text: Men, and a handful of women, are busily working in a
text: converted warehouse with soldiers, veterans and volunteers.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: If you’re walking to Vermont, there
dialog: is Mrs. Sewell in Keene New
dialog: Hampshire who will give you room
dialog: and board.
speaker_heading: SUSAN ROBBINS
dialog: You should go home to the girls, I
dialog: can take care of this.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I need to be here. I've spent my
dialog: whole life ashamed of my country.
speaker_heading: SUSAN ROBBINS
dialog: No offense meant but you should
dialog: still be ashamed.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I know, I am.
text: And older man, worn with age and grief, approaches her table.
text: He is almost too shy to talk to her. She sees him, and puts
text: him at ease.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Can I help you sir?
speaker_heading: ASA MELVIN
dialog: Hello Ma'am.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Have you sons in the Army?
speaker_heading: ASA MELVIN
dialog: Yes, ma'am; I had four, but two
text: were killed; one is a prisoner, and
dialog: I'm going to the other, who is very
text: sick in a Washington hospital.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: You have done a great deal for your
dialog: country sir.
speaker_heading: ASA MELVIN
dialog: Not a mite more than I ought,
dialog: ma'am. I'd go myself, if I was any
dialog: use; as I ain't, I give my boys.
dialog: 74.
text: Marmee fights her tears, busying herself with arranging a
text: charity bundle for him. She notices that he doesn't have a
text: good scarf, so gives him her own, careful that he doesn't see
text: this kindness. As she's doing this, a soldier walks up:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Mrs. March?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Telegram from Washington Ma'am.
text: He holds a telegram, the thing Marmee dreads.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH FAMILY HOME. EVENING. 1862.
text: Everything is topsy-turvy in the March house, anxious and
text: worried. Hannah and Meg run about getting everything ready,
text: Beth cries but tries not to, Amy packs her mother’s trunk.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Is Jo back yet from Aunt March?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, I haven’t seen her.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I can’t miss the last train...
text: Mr. Laurence and Laurie enter.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (hugging Beth)
dialog: What can I do?
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: (to Marmee)
dialog: If I may be of any more assistance,
dialog: please tell me. I will look in on
dialog: the girls every day, without fail.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Thank you, for everything.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: I have always admired your husband,
dialog: and I pray for a quick recovery.
text: Meg is nearly running in the hallway when she bumps straight
dialog: into Mr. Brooke.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Oh - I’m, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: MR. BROOKE
dialog: I came to offer myself as escort to
dialog: your mother. Mr. Laurence has
dialog: commissions for me in Washington,
dialog: and it will give me real
dialog: satisfaction to be of service to
dialog: her there.
text: Meg spontaneously kisses him on the cheek. Instead of being
text: embarrassed, Meg looks at him with pure gratitude and says:
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Thank you.
text: Meg runs back into the living room, followed by a stunned Mr.
dialog: Brooke.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: While I’m gone, Hannah is in charge
dialog: - and please remember to check on
dialog: the Hummel’s, it will be a
dialog: difficult winter for everyone...
text: At just that moment, the door swings open, and Jo rushes in
text: and places money in her mother’s hand.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Will this be enough for the train?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Twenty five dollars! That isn’t
dialog: like Aunt March to be so generous.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I didn’t go to Aunt March, couldn’t
dialog: bear to.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Where did you get the money?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I only sold what was my own.
text: Jo removes her hat, and beneath, all of her beautiful long
text: hair is gone - now it’s just a short, blunt crop. Gasps from
dialog: everyone and exclamations of “What?/How?/Why did you do
dialog: it?/Jol"
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Your hair!
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MEG AMY
dialog: Oh Jo, how could /you? /Your one beauty!
speaker_heading: BETH HANNAH
dialog: Now your hair is /off. /You look like a boy.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It
dialog: doesn’t affect the fate of the
dialog: nation, so don’t wail.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (leaning close to Jo)
dialog: I am so proud that you are my
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (just to her mother)
dialog: I was crazy to do something for
dialog: Father. It’ll be good for my
dialog: vanity, anyway.
text: Jo runs to Laurie, hugging him. They now look like twin boys,
text: and they both ruffle each other’s hair.
dialog: My
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: girls: I love you more than
dialog: words can say. Be good to each
dialog: other. Pray for Father’s recovery.
dialog: I will come back as soon as I can.
dialog: The men watch
text: solemnly, more determined than ever to help
dialog: these women that they care for so deeply.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY. NIGHT. 1862.
dialog: Jo sits alone
dialog: tries to make
dialog: and Amy walks
dialog: oh,
dialog: No.
text: in the hallway, quietly weeping to herself. She
text: as little noise as possible, but a door opens
text: out - she stoops down to comfort her sister.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Jo. Is it Father?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: +. It’s my hair.
text: And she sobs and sobs into Amy’s arms.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (getting emotional too)
dialog: I would feel the same way.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I know you would.
dialog: 77.
text: The two sisters, so different, sit and comfort each other.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. EXT. PARIS. GARDEN. DAY. 1869.
text: Laurie lazily lolls on the grass of the beautiful estate,
text: while Amy sketches him. A peace has settled over them,
text: they’re friends again. Amy gives him a hard time, playfully:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Laurie, when are you going back to
dialog: your grandfather?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Very soon.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You've said that a dozen times in
dialog: the past month.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Short answers save trouble.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: He expects you, so why don’t you do
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Natural depravity, I suppose.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Natural indolence, you mean.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I'll only plague him if I go, so I
dialog: might as well stay and plague you a
dialog: little longer.
text: He jumps up and play fights with her, making her laugh. He
text: captures her, and holds her.
speaker_heading: LAURIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can bear it. In fact, I think
dialog: it agrees with you.
text: Amy disentangles herself. She goes back to drawing:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (cheeky )
dialog: Looking at you.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (stern)
dialog: No, I mean what do you intend. To
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Oh you mean with life?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LAURIE AMY
dialog: I've been writing an opera, /That's a waste of time.
dialog: I'd be the central /figure...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: What would you have me do?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Go back and work for your
dialog: grandfather and make something of
dialog: yourself.
text: She watches him and he watches her.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Here.
text: Laurie comes around to look at the sketch - and sees another
text: sketch beside it from years ago, young and full of happiness.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (he picks it up, touched)
dialog: When did you do this one?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It was the day at the beach, when I
dialog: met Fred for the first time.
text: The mention of Fred changes the air.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: When is he coming back?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (inexplicably embarrassed)
dialog: A week or two... he has business in
dialog: London.
text: Laurie gets very intense all of the sudden, words rush out:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Don’t marry him.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Don’t marry him.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: You know why....
text: He takes her hand, and she pulls it away.
text: THE PAST.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, Laurie, that’s mean, it’s just
dialog: mean of you...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I have been second to Jo my whole
dialog: life in everything and I will not
dialog: be the person you settle for just
dialog: because you cannot have her. I
dialog: won’t do it, not when, not when
dialog: I’ve spent my entire life loving
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. EARLY MORNING. 1862.
text: Amy has her foot in a bucket of plaster, working on making a
text: mold. Meg is reading a letter, smiling to herself. Jo writes
text: a story. Beth finishes a pair of slippers for Mr. Laurence.
text: The room is messy - they’ve let things slide since their
dialog: mother has been gone. It was never a neat house, but now it
text: definitely isn’t. The inmates are running the asylum.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'm making a mold of my foot for
dialog: Laurie to remind him I have nice
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Mr. Brooke writes that Father is
text: still very weak, but improving. Mr.
dialog: Brooke also says Mother is the best
dialog: nurse a man could have...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: I wish all the letters were from
dialog: Mother, and not Mr. Brooke.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I’m grateful for any letters.
text: Meg, with careful attention, places the letter away and
text: starts working on an errands list.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I think the deep purple is very
dialog: fitting for Mr. Laurence, do you
dialog: agree Amy?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (glancing over)
dialog: Quite. And the design is very
dialog: cunning.
text: Amy returns to her task.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I had to thank him somehow for
dialog: allowing me to play the piano at
dialog: his house all the time.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I‘1ll go into town for groceries -
dialog: Jo, can you go look into getting
dialog: more firewood?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You all haven’t been to see the
dialog: Hummel’s. We should go.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Oh Bethy we barely have enough to
dialog: feed ourselves. Besides, I have to
dialog: finish this story.
speaker_heading: BETH AMY
dialog: Marmee said /that we /Marmee said so many things
dialog: we can’t possibly do them
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: But I always go by myself and you
dialog: haven't been keeping up with your
dialog: tasks...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: We work!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Don’t worry sweet girl, we’ll find
dialog: a time.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: But it’s been weeks.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: We’ll go soon.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: MY FOOT IS STUCK! I CAN’T GET IT
dialog: out!
text: Jo laughs and tries to help her pull her foot out, while
text: Beth’s little face turns stubborn. She doesn’t like this...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Fine, I’ll go myself.
scene_heading: EXT. LAURENCE HOUSE. MORNING. 1862.
text: Beth gives her slippers, wrapped up, to a servant.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS./HUMMEL HOUSE. AFTERNOON. 1862.
text: Beth, all alone, with a basket of supplies, makes her way
text: towards the Hummel’s. A baby is crying, a panicked, sick cry.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. MARCH HOUSE. LATE AFTERNOON. 1862.
text: Beth returns to her home, walking slowly, and feeling
text: strange. Her sisters’ heads bob up and down in the window:
speaker_heading: JO (0.S.)
dialog: Here she comes!
text: Beth walks in, and a letter is placed in her hand:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Here’s a letter from the old
dialog: gentleman.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Beth look what they got you --
text: But Jo clamps a hand over Amy’s mouth - Meg takes Beth’s arm
text: and leads her to where the old piano used to stand, and in
text: its place, a beautiful little piano forte.
speaker_heading: MEG AMY
dialog: Look! Open the note!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: Jo... read it, I cannot.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: “Miss Beth March, I have had many
dialog: pairs of slippers in my life, but I
dialog: never had any that suited me so
dialog: well as yours. And they will always
dialog: remind me of the gentle giver. I
dialog: like to pay my debts, and hope you
dialog: will accept this gift. Your
text: grateful friend and humble servant,
dialog: James Laurence.”
dialog: (whoops with joy!)
speaker_heading: OH BETH!
speaker_heading: MEG AMY
dialog: “Humble servant” /how lovely! (examining)
dialog: /See the cunning brackets to
dialog: hold candles, and the nice
dialog: green silk...
text: They are so absorbed in the piano, that they almost don’t
text: notice that Beth has gotten up and walked straight over to
dialog: the Laurence’s house.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. LAURENCE HOUSE. MR. LAURENCE’S OFFICE. DAY. 1862.
text: Timid Beth walks straight up to the house and then to Mr.
text: Laurence’s office and tries to speak:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Sir, I wanted to thank you...
text: But words are lost, and she throws her arms around him. He
text: accepts the hug like he’s been waiting for it his whole life.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: You remind me so much of my little
dialog: girl. The piano is yours, I should
dialog: have given it to you long ago.
text: While he’s hugging her, he notices that she’s hot and
dialog: flushed.
speaker_heading: MR. LAURENCE (CONT'D)
dialog: My child, you're burning.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: The Hummel’s are very sick.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE BETH’S ROOM. DAY. 1862.
text: Beth, in her bed, is delirious with fever. A doctor looks her
text: over, then consults with the girls and Hannah.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: She's resting.
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: How is she? Is there anything I can
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: It’s scarlet fever.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What’s “scarlet fever?”
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (lowering his voice, to
dialog: Mr. Laurence)
dialog: I visited the Hummel’s, the baby
dialog: has died.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you all had it before?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Meg and I have, but Amy hasn’t!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: She’ll have to be sent away.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don’t want to be sent away!
speaker_heading: MEG AMY
dialog: I'll see if Aunt March can /I don’t like Aunt March.
dialog: /take her.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It’s for your own good, child.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Should we send for Mother?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: No, we shouldn’t worry her. I’ve
dialog: never wished for money more than
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: We’ll nurse her and she’1ll get
dialog: better. You'll see. She will. She
dialog: must.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. EXT. SEASHORE. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo reads a story for Beth that she’s written herself, for
text: Beth, finishing the last lines.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: “The post office in the forest was
dialog: a capital little institution, and
dialog: flourished wonderfully, for many
dialog: things passed through it: poetry
dialog: and pickles, tragedies, garden
text: seeds and long letters, music and
dialog: gingerbread, invitations,
dialog: scoldings, and even puppies.”
text: She puts down the story, looking shyly at Beth, who beams:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: It’s all about us!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I love it.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It’s just a little story.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: It’s nothing like what you usually
dialog: write.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You don’t think it’s too... boring?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No, it is my favorite one yet.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Write me another.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes ma’am!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: And keep writing them.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I will.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Even when I’m not here.
text: It is said quickly, almost casually, but it lands like it was
dialog: meant to.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No, don’t say that, don’t say it.
speaker_heading: BETH JO
dialog: I have to tell /you. /No you don’t.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I've had a very long time to think
dialog: about this, and I’m not afraid.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: It’s like the tide going out. It
text: goes out slowly, but it can’t be
dialog: stopped.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I'll stop it. I’ve stopped it
dialog: before.
scene_heading: THE PAST. INT. BETH’S ROOM. LATE AT NIGHT. 1862.
text: Jo, sitting vigil, puts cold towels on Beth’s hot forehead.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You will get better. Father will
dialog: get better. And we’ll all be
dialog: together soon.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: We can’t stop God’s will.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: God hasn’t met my will yet. What Jo
dialog: wills shall be done.
scene_heading: INT. AUNT MARCH’S HOUSE. DAY.
text: Amy is working very diligently on her French and her painting
text: - Aunt March notices the quiet little girl, and admires her:
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Amy? Come here.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Come, sit!
text: Amy sits down next to Aunt March.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (CONT'D)
dialog: (pointing to her finger)
dialog: If you are very good, one day this
dialog: ring will belong to you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (marveling)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: You just keep being a proper young
dialog: lady and see if it doesn’t. You are
dialog: your family’s hope now. Beth is
dialog: sick, Jo is a lost cause, and I
text: hear Meg has had her head turned by
dialog: a penniless tutor. It’1ll be up to
dialog: you to support them all, and your
text: indigent parents in their old age.
dialog: So you must marry well and save
dialog: your family.
text: Amy looks serious -- Aunt March releases her.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (CONT'D)
dialog: (breezy)
dialog: That’s all I wanted to say to you.
dialog: You can go finish your...little
dialog: painting.
text: Amy stands up and walks out of the one room in the past, to
dialog: another room in the present...
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. FRANCE. RENTED APARTMENTS. DAY. 1869.
text: ...Amy rushes in, excited, to Aunt March taking her tea:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hello Aunt March!
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: That Laurence boy was just here.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: He was?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: What a disappointment he’s turned
dialog: out to be. It must be the Italian
dialog: in him.
text: Amy sits down without intending to.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: When will he be back?
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: He’s gone, to London. Why? What do
dialog: you need to discuss with him?
dialog: We briefly flash to...
text: A country scene in the Paris exurbs. From a distance, we see
text: Fred and Amy walking. Suddenly, Fred drops to one knee,
text: offers Amy his hand, and she drops it....
dialog: ...Back to Aunt March.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’ve just told Fred Vaughn that I
dialog: wouldn't marry him.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. BETH’S ROOM. DAY. 1869.
text: Meg is watching over Beth, who is getting weaker by the day.
text: Jo comes up with a bowl of soup, and touches Meg on the
text: shoulder, relieving her.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Meg.
text: Jo cocks her head towards the window, John is standing
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: EXT. MARCH HOUSE. GARDEN. DAY. 1869.
text: Meg and John are talking, tentative after their quarrel.
speaker_heading: MEG JOHN
dialog: I’1l come home to help with /Stay. I asked for leave.
dialog: the children, I’m sorry, I’m I’1l take care of the
dialog: just so worried /for Beth. children.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (embracing him)
dialog: John.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And there’s another thing - you
dialog: should send your fabric to the
dialog: dressmaker as soon as possible.
speaker_heading: MEG JOHN
dialog: But I /can’t -- /No, don't say another word,
dialog: I won’t hear it. I want you
dialog: to have that dress. My old
dialog: coat will be fine for the
dialog: winter.
speaker_heading: MEG JOHN
dialog: But /John, it’s -- It’s all settled.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: No, John, I really can’t. I sold
dialog: the fabric to Sallie.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t want you to be unhappy.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I couldn't be, John Brooke is my
dialog: husband and I am his wife.
text: Meg kisses him, spontaneously, just like years earlier.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. BETH’S ROOM. DAY. 1869.
text: From the window, Jo watches the loving scene - feeling happy
text: for her sister and also a pang of loneliness.
text: Suddenly, a crash - the soup bowl clatters to the floor.
text: Beth's fever is high and she knocked everything off the bed -
text: Jo flies to her side, feeling her forehead, calling.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Hannah!
scene_heading: THE PAST. INT. BETH’S ROOM. DAY. 1862.
text: Just as in the present, Beth has gotten worse.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What do we do?
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: We should send for your mother.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. BETH’S ROOM. EVENING. 1869.
text: Jo lays in bed with Beth.
scene_heading: THE PAST. INT. BETH’S ROOM. EVENING. 1862.
text: Marmee enters with Laurie and goes straight to Beth. She’s
text: gone from a sick husband to a sick daughter, but she brings
text: cheerful efficiency to a terrifying situation.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: You were right to send for me, my
dialog: girls - but you’ve been very good
dialog: nurses indeed.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: It’s mostly been Jo, she’s hardly
dialog: slept.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I didn’t know what else to do.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Hannah, go make a clear broth and
dialog: Jo get ice - we need to cool her.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Who is with Father?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
text: John is staying with him.
text: Meg smiles to herself, which her Mother notices.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (looking at the bed)
dialog: We need to change the linens.
text: Marmee attends to Beth while the girls help her.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. BETH’S ROOM. NIGHT. 1869.
text: Meg and Jo and Marmee take turns in shifts, making sure that
text: Beth is as comfortable as she can be. When it is Jo’s turn,
text: Beth is very weak, barely able to hold her head up.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (whispering to Beth)
dialog: Don’t go quietly, fight!
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: Please fight to the end, be LOUD!
dialog: Don’t just quietly go away!
text: Jo is sitting watch, and drops off to sleep, her head on the
text: bed, her hand grasping Beth’s. Beth opens her eyes and looks
text: down at Jo and smiles. She closes her eyes again and drifts
dialog: away.
scene_heading: THE PAST. INT. BETH’S ROOM. EVENING. 1862.
text: Jo jerks suddenly awake - she doesn’t see Beth in the bed.
text: She rises, and with growing panic - screams.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Marmee! Marmee!
text: She rushes downstairs to find Beth sitting up with her Mother
text: and Hannah eating. She cries with joy, and kisses Beth’s
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: Merry Christmas, Beth.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. AFTEROON. 1862.
text: It is Christmas time again. Amy, standing on a chair,
text: supervises all the decorations. Mr. Laurence and Marmee sit
text: by the fire, and Beth on the couch with her doll. Jo runs
text: around with Hannah setting the table for their feast.
text: At just that moment, Laurie pops his head in and with wild
text: excitement in his eyes, announces:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: And here’s another Christmas gift
dialog: for the March family!
text: The door swings open, and it’s Father, supported by Mr.
text: Brooke. Mayhem breaks out - Beth starts crying, Amy falls off
text: a chair, Marmee gasps, Jo drops a dish, and Meg (again)
text: spontaneously kisses Mr. Brooke. All the girls run to him,
text: surrounding him in a hug.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (joyfully overwhelmed)
dialog: My little women. How you've grown,
dialog: and how proud I am of you. Each of
dialog: you. Merry Christmas, my dears.
text: He looks over them to Marmee - who is gazing back at him with
dialog: love. She wasn’t sure that this moment would come for her,
text: and she can hardly believe she has her family together. He
text: steps out of his daughters’ hug to embrace his wife.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (crying out of happiness)
dialog: Thank god, thank god you’re home.
dialog: Now I can be angry with you in
dialog: person.
text: He laughs, and brushes her tears away. It is romance, but the
dialog: real kind.
text: LATER: It is Christmas dinner, with everyone, including the
text: Laurences and Mr. Brooke, gathered around the table - it is
dialog: the finest day any one of them has ever had, and the joy
text: radiates across the chilly Christmas night.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. BETH’S ROOM. MORNING. 1869.
text: Jo jerks awake to find Beth gone - she goes downstairs and
text: sees Marmee there. Jo looks at Marmee, and her mother, for
text: the first time in Jo's life, breaks. Jo becomes the parent at
text: that moment, comforting her mother, who is trapped in the
text: unimaginable pain of losing a child.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD. DAY. 1869.
text: The March family: Mother and Father and Jo, Meg and John with
text: their arms around each other, and Hannah. They have all
text: gathered to lay their Beth to rest on an impossibly beautiful
dialog: day.
text: The party walks away, each with their own pain. Jo stays,
text: unable to leave Beth’s side, even in death.
text: Meg makes to go approach her - but John pulls Meg closer.
text: Meg nods - and she is grateful to him, grateful that she
dialog: married this man who can be there for her.
text: Jo cries, alone. She cannot comprehend how the world keeps
text: spinning when her Beth is gone. We go from the emptiness of
dialog: the grief to...
scene_heading: THE PAST. EXT./INT. MARCH HOUSE. MEG & JO’S ROOM. SPRING.
dialog: DAY. 1865.
text: .+-a beautiful day, full of flowers and sunlight. Outside,
text: Beth and Amy are arranging decorations and laughing.
text: Inside, Meg prepares for her wedding with Jo helping her,
text: placing flowers in her sister’s hair.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I can’t believe today is my wedding
dialog: day!
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Me neither.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: JO...
text: Jo suddenly kneels before her, wild and desperate:
dialog: But, Jo..
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: We can leave. We can leave right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I can make money: I’1l1 sell
dialog: stories, I'll do anything - cook,
dialog: clean, work in a factory. I can
dialog: make a life for us.
speaker_heading: MEG JO
dialog: And you, you should be an
dialog: actress and have a life on
dialog: the stage. Let’s run away
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I want to get married.
speaker_heading: JO
speaker_heading: WHY?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I love him.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (angry)
dialog: You will be bored of him in two
dialog: years and we will be interesting
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Just because my dreams are not the
dialog: same as yours doesn’t mean they’re
dialog: unimportant.
dialog: 93.
text: Jo sits back, heartbroken.
speaker_heading: MEG (CONT'D)
dialog: I want a family and a home and I’m
dialog: not scared of working and
dialog: struggling, but I want to do it
dialog: with John.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I just hate that you’re leaving me.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Oh, Jo, I’m not leaving you.
dialog: Besides, one day it will be your
dialog: turn.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I'd rather be a free spinster and
dialog: paddle my own canoe.
dialog: (hugging her, crying)
dialog: I can’t believe childhood is over.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: It was going to end one way or
dialog: another. And what a happy end.
scene_heading: EXT. MARCH HOUSE. GARDEN. DAY. 1865.
text: Meg and Mr. Brooke are married, with Mr. March officiating.
speaker_heading: MR.MARCH
dialog: What excessive promises, giving
dialog: yourself away to get the other.
dialog: What a thing, what a gift, always
dialog: given before it is known the cost
dialog: or the reward.
text: During the simple and emotional ceremony, Amy and Jo catch
text: each others eye - they simultaneously realize that they are
text: the only two left standing.
dialog: Later, during the picnic reception:
dialog: - Marmee and Hannah deliver cakes and pastries and food
dialog: galore.
text: - Laurie dances with Beth, whirling her around, and making
text: her laugh. Jo watches adoringly: the two halves of her heart.
text: - Meg, both bride and host, makes sure everyone is cared for.
text: - Laurie and Jo taste the alcohol and decide it’s terrible.
dialog: 94,
text: - Meg dances with John, Marmee dances with Mr. Laurence, Jo
text: tries to play the fiddle - then Marmee dances with Father, Jo
text: and Meg dance, John and Amy dance, Hannah dances with Father.
dialog: The point is, everyone dances with everyone and...
text: - Mr. Laurence offers to dance with Aunt March, but she turns
text: him down. Then Laurie also approaches her. Aunt March feigns
text: even MORE hatred, to cover her epic delight.
text: - There is more eating and dancing until the sun starts to
text: set. As Aunt March moves to make her departure, she speaks to
text: Meg, who stands with John, Marmee and Father March.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Well, I hope you’re happy. Now that
dialog: you've ruined your life, just like
dialog: your Mother did by marrying your
dialog: father.
text: Despite her meanness, the March family is so happy, that they
text: burst out laughing at Aunt March’s rudeness.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Dear Sister, you are too kind. And
dialog: thank you for today’s festivities.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: You are most welcome.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (leaning in to kiss her)
dialog: Thank you Aunt March.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: Oh, oh, I don’t like to be...
speaker_heading: KISSED!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Oh, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: (back at Meg)
dialog: You'll be sorry when you've tried
dialog: love in a cottage and found it a
dialog: failure!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (smiling sweetly)
dialog: It can’t be worse than some people
dialog: find in big houses.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: I understood your meaning, my dear.
dialog: 95.
text: Meg and John retreat and laugh and kiss. Nothing can pierce
dialog: their happiness.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Marmee)
dialog: I don’t miss a THING.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: (taking Aunt March’s arm
dialog: and leading her away)
dialog: You are not entirely wrong.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH
dialog: I may not always be right, but I am
dialog: NEVER wrong.
text: Amy takes over from Marmee, Aunt March gratefully accepting
text: her hand.
speaker_heading: AUNT MARCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank goodness, here’s the only
dialog: sane member of the family. I really
dialog: can’t take any more of this.
text: Amy leads her away, and Marmee lets them go. Amy gets Aunt
text: March into a carriage and then lets out a cry of joy. She
text: runs to Marmee, who is now standing with Jo:
speaker_heading: AMY JO
dialog: Marmee! Marmee! Aunt March is /wants me to go with her! How
dialog: going to Europe /and wonderful! Now I know why I
dialog: spent all those BORING hours
dialog: reading to her!
text: Jo throws her arms around Amy, delighted.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, she... she wanted me to come.
text: As her companion.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Europe? With you?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: She wants me to work on my art, and
dialog: my French, of course.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Oh... I, that’s wonderful Amy.
text: Marmee takes Jo’s hand, knowing how this hurt her. Jo smiles
text: through her pain for Meg’s day, but it is a true blow.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. MEG’S HOUSE. DAY. 1865.
text: John and Meg enter their small but lovely newlywed home. He
text: embraces her and kisses her - she’s never been happier.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. DAY. CONTINUOUS. 1866.
text: Laurie and Jo walk through the woods together, as they've
dialog: done for years.
speaker_heading: JO
text: Meg married, Amy off to Europe, now
dialog: that you’re a graduate, you’1ll be
dialog: off on a long holiday - I’m not
dialog: good like Beth so I’m angry and
dialog: restless.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: You don’t have to stay here.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Why? Should we run off and join a
dialog: pirate ship?
text: He looks at her, and inhales, about to talk. Jo sees his face
text: and immediately knows what is about to happen.
dialog: No,
dialog: no,
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: No, Teddy -- please don’t.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: It’s no use Jo; we’ve got to have
dialog: it out..
speaker_heading: JO LAURIE
dialog: /we don't... I’ve loved you ever since
dialog: I’ve known you Jo -- I
dialog: couldn’t help it, and you’ve
dialog: been so good to me -- I’ve
dialog: tried to show it but you
dialog: wouldn’t let me; now I’m
dialog: going to make you hear and
dialog: give me an answer because I
dialog: can’t go on like this any
dialog: longer.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: JO LAURIE
dialog: I wanted to save you from (not listening to her)
dialog: this, I thought /you’d /I've worked hard to please
dialog: understand. you, and I gave up billiards
dialog: and everything you didn’t
dialog: like, and waited and never
dialog: complained for I hoped you'd
dialog: love me, though I’m not half
dialog: good enough --
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes, you are, you’re a great deal
dialog: too good for me, and I’m so
dialog: grateful to you and so proud of
dialog: you, I don’t see why I... I can’t
dialog: love you as you want me to.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: You can’t?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: I can’t change the feeling and it
dialog: would be a lie to say I do when I
dialog: don’t. I’m so sorry, Teddy, so
dialog: desperately sorry, but I can’t help
dialog: it...
text: Laurie backs away from her like she hit him.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I can’t love any one else.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It would be a disaster if we
dialog: married, we'd be miserable! We both
dialog: have such quick tempers --
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: -- If you loved me Jo, I would be a
dialog: perfect saint!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I can’t - I’ve tried it and failed.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Everyone expects it -- Grandpa and
dialog: your family, Jo say you will and
dialog: let’s be happy!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I can’t say “Yes” truly so I won’t
dialog: say it at all.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll see that I’m right,
dialog: eventually, and you’1ll thank me for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I‘1l be hanged if I do!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You'll find some lovely
dialog: accomplished girl, who will adore
dialog: you, and make a fine mistress for
dialog: your fine house. I wouldn’t. I’m
text: homely and awkward and odd and
dialog: you'd be ashamed of me and we would
dialog: quarrel - we can’t help it even
dialog: now! - I’d hate elegant society and
dialog: you'd hate my scribbling and we
dialog: would be unhappy and wish we hadn’t
dialog: done it and everything will be
dialog: horrid.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Anything more?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Nothing more -- except that...
dialog: (honest)
dialog: I don’t believe I will ever marry.
dialog: I’m happy as I am, and love my
dialog: liberty too well to be in any hurry
dialog: to give it up.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: You will care for somebody, and
dialog: you'll love him tremendously, and
dialog: live and die for him. I know you
dialog: will, it’s your way, and you will
dialog: and I’1ll watch.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Teddy. .
text: He straightens up and walks away. Jo cries and cries. Her
text: heart is breaking, even though she is the one who broke it.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. MARCH HOUSE. ATTIC. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo is putting away Beth’s things, and arranging her little
text: dolls and toys. Everyone is gone. Meg left by marriage, Amy
text: left by a voyage to Europe, Laurie left because she rejected
text: him and Beth was taken from this life. She places sheet music
text: of Beth’s into a trunk, the hurt in her heart almost
dialog: unbearable.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I hope I’m not disturbing your
dialog: writing...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I don’t do that anymore.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It didn’t save her.
text: They sit beside each other, both missing Beth.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: You are much too lonely here, Jo.
dialog: Wouldn't you like to go back to New
dialog: York? What about your friend -
dialog: Friedrich, was that his name?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: I ruined our friendship with my
dialog: temper, just as I ruin everything.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: I doubt a sincere friend would be
text: deterred.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I wish that were true.
dialog: If I were a girl in a book, this
dialog: would all be so easy, I’d give up
text: the world happily.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Laurie is returning, you know.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: He is?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: There was a letter from Amy, she’s
dialog: coming home: She was devastated
dialog: about Beth and Aunt March is very
dialog: ill - but Laurie will be
dialog: accompanying them on the journey
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: That’s good of him.
text: Jo stands and paces, anxiously.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Perhaps... perhaps I was too quick
dialog: in turning him down.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Do you love him?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: If he asked me again, I think I
dialog: would say yes... Do you think he’1l
dialog: ask me again?
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: But do you love him?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (tearing up)
dialog: I know that I care more to be
dialog: loved. I want to be loved.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: That is not the same as loving.
speaker_heading: JO
text: (crying, trying to explain
dialog: herself to herself)
dialog: Women have minds and souls as well
dialog: as hearts, ambition and talent as
dialog: well as beauty and I’m sick of
dialog: being told that love is all a woman
dialog: is fit for. But... I am so lonely.
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS. FRANCE. DAY. 1869.
text: Amy, dressed in black, is waiting with all her luggage - she
text: is in mourning. A carriage approaches and Laurie gets out. He
text: tentatively walks to Amy.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I couldn’t let you travel alone
dialog: with Aunt March being so sick -
dialog: even if you despise me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh, Laurie, I don’t despise you.
text: She embraces him, weeping.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Beth was the best of us.
dialog: 101.
text: Laurie is quiet, letting her cry. She pulls back.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’m not marrying Fred Vaughn.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: I heard... Amy...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (rush of words)
dialog: It was not for you it was for
dialog: myself. You are under no obligation
dialog: to say anything or do anything, it
dialog: was because I didn’t love him as I
dialog: should.
text: Laurie studies her face, and we know that he sees her and
dialog: loves her.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (still rambling)
dialog: You don’t have to say anything, we
dialog: never need to talk about it, we
dialog: don’t have to talk about --
text: Laurie catches her face with his hands, and kisses her. She
text: looks at him and kisses him back. They embrace with both
dialog: their joy and their grief. This is the way it was meant. It
dialog: is done.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE ATTIC. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo infused with a new kind of energy, writes to Laurie. We
text: hear snippets of the letter.
speaker_heading: JO (V.0.)
dialog: My dear Teddy, I miss you more than
dialog: I can express.
scene_heading: EXT. MARCH HOUSE. DAY. 1869.
text: In the forest, Jo finds the mailbox.
speaker_heading: JO (V.0.)
dialog: ...I used to think the worst fate
dialog: was to be a wife, I was young and
dialog: stupid. Now I have changed. The
dialog: worst fate is to live my life
dialog: without you in it. I was wrong to
dialog: turn you down and to run away to
dialog: New York.
dialog: 102.
text: She opens it and places the letter inside, she looks at it,
text: satisfied. She closes the mailbox back up again.
scene_heading: THE PAST. EXT. STREETS OF NEW YORK CITY. DAY. 1867.
text: Jo tries to find her way through the unfamiliar city - she
text: isn’t an expert at it quite yet. She walks too slowly, stares
text: too long, and gets hopelessly lost - but a spark of happiness
text: is growing, she’s figuring out how to be what Aunt March said
dialog: was impossible - a woman making her own way in the world.
text: She walks up the stairs to the boarding house and as she
text: ascends the stairs and the doors open, we hear:
speaker_heading: LAURIE (0.S.)
scene_heading: JO... JO... JO...
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT./EXT. MARCH HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo, asleep on the couch, is gently shaken awake. She sees:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Jo? Wake up!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Oh Teddy! My Teddy!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Dear Jo, are you glad to see me
dialog: then?
text: Jo embraces him and looks at him and holds him for too long.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Glad, my blessed boy, is too small!
dialog: Words can’t express it.
text: Laurie breaks their embrace.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Oh thank heaven, I was worried,
dialog: well, anyway, I wanted a moment
dialog: with you alone.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes, of course. Here, come sit.
text: They take a moment, not sure what to do. They aren’t in their
dialog: youth any longer, they aren’t sure how to relate to each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (making a joke)
dialog: How's Amy?
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: JO (CONT'D)
dialog: Did she bother you all the way from
dialog: Europe with her preening?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Yes, but I love it.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Where is she now? Did she not come
dialog: straight home?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Your mother’s got her down at
dialog: Meg's, we stopped there by the way,
dialog: and there was no getting my wife
text: out of their clutches.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Your... your what?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Now I’ve done it! It was meant to
dialog: be a surprise.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What surprise?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Well, we were engaged, and we were
dialog: going to wait... that is to say,
dialog: now we are man and wife.
text: Jo sits. She’s hit hard.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You and... Amy.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: It all happened very fast.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Are you - in love?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (launching in)
dialog: Jo, I want to say one thing, and
dialog: then we’ll put it away forever. I
dialog: have always loved you; but the love
dialog: I feel for Amy is different - you
dialog: were right - we would have killed
dialog: each other.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (still in shock)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I think it was meant this way.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Oh, Teddy.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: No one ever calls me that but you.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What does Amy call you?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: My Lord.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: That’s like her...
dialog: Well, you look deserving of it.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Can we - can we still be friends?
dialog: Though it takes a supreme effort, she says:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Of course, my boy, always.
text: At that moment, everyone comes bursting through the door.
text: Mother and Father and Amy and John and Meg and Daisy and Demi
text: - Amy goes straight to Jo. Jo fixes her face and decides she
dialog: will be the person she wishes she was:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Laurie told you?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes.
text: Amy looks at her expectantly. Jo has a moment of wanting to
dialog: strike her, the way she did when they were children, but
text: checks herself, and tries to be what Beth would want:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Amy, I’m so happy for you. It was
dialog: meant to be.
text: Amy sighs, her anxiety lifts:
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh, I’m so relieved - I couldn't
dialog: write because it all happened so
dialog: quickly and then, really, I was
dialog: worried you'd be angry.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: No, no.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: So you aren’t? Angry?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Life is too short to be angry at
dialog: one’s sisters.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (tearing up)
dialog: I really miss her...
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I know.
text: They embrace. Over her shoulder she catches her mother’s eye,
text: who gives her a look of infinite empathy.
text: Then Laurie calls for his wife. Jo straightens up and sees
dialog: these couples - Mother & Father, John & Meg, Laurie & Amy.
text: It all hits her with a heat and a mass that she was
text: unprepared for. She hastily excuses herself and goes outside.
scene_heading: EXT. MARCH HOUSE. DAY. 1869.
text: Weeping, but also in a panic, Jo removes the letter from the
text: mailbox and walks into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. DAY. 1869.
text: She tears through the woods and finally stands by the river,
text: breathing heavily. For one moment, we believe that she might
text: end her suffering in the most tragic way - she leans towards
dialog: the river...
text: .--and throws the letter into it, letting it drift away,
text: along with her childhood love. It is over.
scene_heading: EXT. MARCH HOUSE. DAY. 1869.
text: Jo trudges back, and is surprised to find Mr. Laurence
text: standing alone, looking at the March’s house.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Mr. Laurence?
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: Jo!
text: They embrace - and then Mr. Laurence tries to explain:
scene_heading: MR. LAURENCE
dialog: I couldn't bring myself to... The
dialog: house doesn’t seem right without
dialog: her and I couldn’t go in knowing
dialog: she wouldn’t be there.
text: He begins crying. Jo takes his arm tenderly.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I know I am not half so good as my
dialog: sister, but I'll be a friend to
dialog: lean on, if you’1l let me.
text: He gratefully accepts her help and they approach the house
text: together, an odd, sweet pair of friends.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. JO & MEG’S ROOM/ATTIC. NIGHT/DAY. 1869.
text: Jo starts awake - she looks around the room: she’s all alone,
text: everyone is truly gone. She lights a candle. She goes to the
text: drawer where she keeps her writing, and pulls out the stack.
text: She feeds a published story into the fire. Then she burns
text: more stories, printed, unpublished, half-finished, she burns
text: them all. It is a potlatch, a total burning down of
dialog: everything she has made up until this point.
text: She finds one last piece, and is about to give it over to the
text: fire, when she reads on top: “For Beth.” She stops.
text: Jo makes her way up to the attic, and sits in her old writing
text: chair, looking at the story. She takes a fresh sheet of paper
text: and starts writing.
text: She writes all night, and into the next day, piling up page
text: after page. She spreads them out in the attic, like a quilt,
text: building outwards. Candles are lit and re-lit, the sun rises
text: and sets.
text: Marmee brings her some food and then leaves her alone.
text: Jo nods off for a second then keeps writing. She revises, she
text: scratches out, she changes orders. She falls asleep on her
text: blanket of papers.
dialog: 107.
text: She's re-connected with her childhood, and out of the depths
text: of despair has found hope and inspiration.
text: Jo finishes and carefully ties up the first few chapters of
text: this experiment and writes a letter to Mr. Dashwood:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (read to camera)
dialog: Dear Mr. Dashwood: Enclosed are the
dialog: first few chapters of a piece I’ve
text: only begun working on. It could
dialog: suit as a story for young people,
dialog: but I think it is probably quite
dialog: boring. However, I’m sending it to
dialog: you just in case it has something
dialog: of value, though I doubt it.
scene_heading: INT. AUNT MARCH’S HOUSE. DAY. 1869.
text: The empty rooms of Aunt March’s house -- nothing is left of
text: the deliciously cranky old lady. Furniture is covered over,
text: and the loss is felt in the grand rooms. Amy, Jo and Meg walk
text: around the big empty mansion.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I thought she hated me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: She could still hate you and leave
dialog: you the house!
text: Jo laughs.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What about you and John?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: No, I don’t need a grand estate.
text: Meg looks satisfied, and we know that she is, deeply.
text: Suddenly, Jo lets out a WHOOP and runs through the house.
speaker_heading: MEG AMY
dialog: For heaven's /sake! /What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: I should sell it, but I’d love to
dialog: do something that would really make
text: Aunt March turn in her grave.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I wouldn’t mind that.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: AMY JO
dialog: /Girls! /A nice turning, just a
dialog: rotation, nothing terrible.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: What will you do?
text: Jo thinks for half a second, but she already knows:
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I'd like to open a school. We never
dialog: had a proper school, and now there
dialog: are women’s colleges opening -
dialog: there should be a school. For
dialog: Daisy.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: And what will Demi do?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I’1l open a school for boys and
dialog: girls, both.
text: Amy takes her sister’s arm on one side, while Meg is on the
text: other side. They walk and talk confidentially.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What about writing?
speaker_heading: JO MEG
dialog: (Jo turns bright red) What are you working on?
dialog: What /about it?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I started something... but I don’t
dialog: think it’s very good.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Everyone likes what you write.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: No, they don’t.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It’s just about our little life.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: AMY JO
dialog: So? Who will be interested ina
dialog: story of domestic struggles
dialog: and joys? It doesn’t have any
dialog: real importance.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Maybe we don’t see those things as
dialog: important because people don’t
dialog: write about them.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No, writing doesn’t confer
dialog: importance, it reflects it.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’m not sure. Perhaps writing will
dialog: make them more important.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (looking at her, amused)
dialog: When did you become so wise?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I always have been, you were just
dialog: too busy noticing my faults.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Which weren’t there, of course.
text: They lean their heads together and stroll through the house.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK PUBLISHING OFFICE. DAY. 1869.
text: Mr. Dashwood sits, reading the pages that Jo gave him. He
text: finishes and then writes to her.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: (read to camera)
dialog: Dear Miss March: I have read the
dialog: chapters you sent, and I have to
dialog: agree that they aren’t very
dialog: promising. But, please send us more
dialog: stories of the scandalous variety,
dialog: if you have any.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. ATTIC./DINING ROOM. EARLY EVENING. 1869.
text: Jo reads the note Mr. Dashwood sent:
speaker_heading: MR. DASHWOOD (V.O.)
dialog: Or, shall I say, your friend can.
dialog: My apologies for the joke, I
dialog: couldn't help it.
dialog: 110.
text: And she crumples it up. Just then, Marmee breaks her reverie.
speaker_heading: MARMEE (0.S.)
dialog: Jo! Come down!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Coming! I’m starving!
text: Jo stashes her writing and clomps down the stairs and heads
text: straight for the table, not even looking around her. She sits
text: down and grabs a piece of bread and takes a big bite.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Jo, you might want to wait..
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: But I’m famished.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: Jo, dear, you have a guest.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I don’t know anyone.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH (0.S.)
dialog: I am so sorry to intrude.
text: Jo hears his voice and bolts up.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (she bursts out laughing)
dialog: It’s you!
scene_heading: THE PAST. EXT. BOARDING HOUSE. NEW YORK. DAY. 1867.
text: Jo, with all of her luggage, finds the address and rings the
text: doorbell. Friedrich opens it, he smiles down at this young
text: woman, with his handsome face and merry eyes -- she comes
text: undone before even knowing it.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Hello. I’m Josephine March. Jo.
text: Just then, Mrs. Kirke pushes past him, with her two children.
scene_heading: MRS. KIRKE
dialog: (to be delivered without
dialog: stopping for breath, with
dialog: infinite cheer and
dialog: anxiety)
dialog: Jo! Is that you?! Come in, come in!
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: MRS. KIRKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Your mother says that you’re a
dialog: writer — how wonderful! I keep a
dialog: diary, you know. This is Kitty and
dialog: Minny. SMILE GIRLS. I see you’ve
dialog: met our professor, he’s a very
dialog: accomplished man, actually, it’s an
dialog: interesting group here, lots of
dialog: intellectuals and Europeans. You
dialog: know I never thought I’d run a
dialog: boarding house but here I am! How
dialog: is that sweet mother of yours? She
dialog: always had such great height, I
dialog: never had that, she could reach
dialog: anything...
text: She leads Jo up through the stairs and Jo takes a quick
text: glance backwards at Friedrich, as if to confirm that the man
text: she saw was real and not an apparition. She finds Friedrich
text: looking back up at her. She turns away again.
text: BACK TO THE PRESENT. 1869.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Jo, I hope it is all right, I got
dialog: your address from Mrs. Kirke -
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: (to Amy)
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: I’m so sorry to intrude, I was
dialog: close by and thought I’d, but I’1l
dialog: be going...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: - Please stay! We have more than
dialog: enough room.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Can someone tell me who he is!?
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I don’t want to be a burden.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: It’s no burden at all.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (still stunned)
dialog: Yes, of course. Please.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (proprietary)
dialog: I’m Laurie. And who are you?
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I am Friedrich Bhaer.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: We were at the same boarding house
dialog: together in New York.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Oh JO, he’s VERY handsome.
dialog: Later:
text: Everyone is talking. Father and Friedrich especially talk
dialog: philosophy and religion and politics. Father obviously very
text: much likes him. Jo is glowing with happiness.
text: Amy looks from Friedrich to Jo and from Jo to Friedrich. She
text: can see that there is love between them.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (to Friedrich)
dialog: And you intend to stay in New York?
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: No, I’ve been offered a
dialog: professorship in California - and
dialog: as I have nothing keeping me here,
dialog: I thought I might go West. It is
dialog: new there, and they are less
dialog: particular about immigrants.
text: Jo has an unconscious sharp intake of breath. No one notices
text: but Amy. Father continues oblivious:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Perhaps I should go West...
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: You aren’t an immigrant, so perhaps
dialog: you should stay home.
text: Everyone bursts out laughing. Father laughs at himself good-
dialog: naturedly.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Oh, I’m going.
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. MARCH HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. DAY. 1869.
text: Everyone relaxes after dinner, and Friedrich eyes the piano:
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: This is a beautiful instrument.
dialog: Which one of you plays?
text: They all fall quiet.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It was my sister, Beth.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: We all play a little.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: But none so well as her...
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: It is very hard to lose a sister.
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Do you play?
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I do, yes.
speaker_heading: MARMEE
dialog: It would make us so happy if you
dialog: played now, she wouldn’t want the
text: piano to sit silent.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I don’t wish to offend.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Not in the least.
text: He sits down and plays Bach - it is beautiful and elegant. Jo
text: watches him, moved and deeply happy.
text: The sound of his music plays over Friedrich saying his
text: goodbyes and telling Jo, as he stands at the door:
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Jo, if you ever come to California,
dialog: I would love to see you.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I don’t know that I will, but thank
dialog: you.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: (hurting, but accepting)
dialog: Well, yes... goodbye.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Goodbye.
text: It has started to rain, and he puts up his umbrella and
text: trudges into the evening.
text: The door closes. Jo turns back around to find everyone
text: staring at her.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What?! Why are you all looking at
dialog: me like that?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What a wonderful man. I hope he
dialog: comes again, he would be a terrific
dialog: friend for me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (crying out)
dialog: Oh Father, he wasn’t here for you!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Jo! You love him!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I do not!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You do too! I may be half as smart
dialog: as you are but I can see it so
dialog: plainly, you love him. I have never
dialog: seen you happier. What else is
dialog: love? Doesn’t she love him Mr.
dialog: Laurence?
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: That’s a good instinct, you love
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Go get him. Laurie prepare the
dialog: horses. We can catch him before he
text: gets to the train.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (standing)
dialog: I’m coming too.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I’m not going!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: You are. Amy is right.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I never thought I’d prepare a
dialog: carriage to help Jo March go after
dialog: aman, but I like it.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: He’s moving to California!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That’s a fiction. He was
text: practically begging for a reason to
dialog: stay.
speaker_heading: JO
text: But it’s raining outside.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It doesn’t matter! Put on a better
dialog: dress. Follow me.
text: Amy has started ascending the stairs.
speaker_heading: AMY
scene_heading: LAURIE. STOP STANDING THERE AND GO
text: GET THE HORSES READY.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (jumping to action)
dialog: Yes, my love.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK APARTMENT. NIGHT. 1869.
text: It is also raining in New York. Mr. Dashwood is in his cozy
text: apartment, eating dinner with his wife. She tries to start a
dialog: fight.
scene_heading: MRS. DASHWOOD
dialog: You never ask about my mother even
dialog: when you know I’ve seen her.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: I assume she’s still alive.
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: MRS. DASHWOOD
dialog: But I ask after your mother.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: And I have no idea why.
scene_heading: MRS. DASHWOOD
dialog: You're willfully missing the point.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: That’s true.
text: He hears his daughter’s laughter and talking in the next
dialog: room.
scene_heading: MR. DASHWOOD
dialog: What have they gotten into now?
scene_heading: MRS. DASHWOOD
dialog: I have no idea.
text: The girls tumble into the room, speaking over each other.
scene_heading: DASHWOOD GIRL #1 DASHWOOD GIRL #2
dialog: Father are you publishing/ /What happens to the Little
dialog: this? Women?
scene_heading: DASHWOOD GIRL #3
dialog: Tell me you have the rest of the
dialog: book!
text: Close on Mr. Dashwood as he realizes what he has, what this
dialog: story could be, this story that he, and the author, both
dialog: thought was boring...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CARRIAGE./TRAIN STATION. NIGHT. 1869.
text: Meg, Amy, and Jo are all in the carriage, making top speed
text: through the rain. They arrive at the train station.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: GO! Find him!
text: Jo runs in the rain towards the beautifully lit station and
text: the music swells and the thunder claps and we CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE. NEW YORK CITY. DAY. 1870.
text: Jo sits where she originally sat across from Dashwood, but
text: now she is more grown up, more together, more herself -
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Frankly, I don’t see why she didn’t
dialog: marry the neighbor.
dialog: Jo thinks.
dialog: Jo shifts.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Because the neighbor married her
dialog: sister!
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Right, of course.
dialog: So, who does she marry?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: No one. She doesn’t marry either of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: No. No, no, no, that won’t work at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: She says the whole book that she
dialog: doesn’t want to marry.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: WHO CARES! Girls want to see women
scene_heading: MARRIED. Not CONSISTENT.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It isn’t the right ending.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: The right ending is the one that
dialog: sells.
text: Dashwood pounces.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: If you end your delightful book
dialog: with your heroine a spinster, no
dialog: one will buy it. It won’t be worth
dialog: printing.
dialog: She considers.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I suppose marriage has always been
dialog: an economic proposition. Even in
dialog: fiction.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: It’s romance!
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: It’s mercenary.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Just end it that way, will you?
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Fine.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT IS NOW THE PAST. OR MAYBE FICTION. EXT. TRAIN.
scene_heading: EVENING. 1869.
text: Jo runs from the carriage, out into the rain and into the
text: crowd in front of the train station, looking for Friedrich.
text: He’s not there, every face isn’t his. Couple after couple
text: stands under umbrellas. She runs into the station, and then
text: turns around to go back out -- has she missed him?
dialog: Just then:
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: Jo!
text: Jo sees Friedrich, also standing under an umbrella, but
text: alone. She runs towards him. She feels her emotions rising,
text: she starts to cry, despite herself.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Jo, why are you crying?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Because -- because you are going
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: I would never leave if you wished
dialog: me to stay.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I wish you would stay.
speaker_heading: FRIEDRICH
dialog: But, but I have nothing to give you
dialog: but my full heart and these empty
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: JO
text: (she puts her hands in
dialog: his, and steps under the
dialog: umbrella)
text: They aren’t empty now.
text: They kiss one of those epic perfect kisses. The train
text: arrives, and he doesn’t get on it. BAM.
scene_heading: THE PRESENT. INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE. NEW YORK CITY. DAY. 1870.
dialog: Back to negotiations.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD (0.S.)
dialog: I love it. It’s so romantic. “Your
dialog: hands aren’t empty now.” It makes
dialog: me emotional.
text: He gets a little teary.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: We can call the chapter “Under the
dialog: Umbrella.”
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: (has to admit)
dialog: It’s good.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Perfect! Now there is the question
dialog: of the contract... I’m prepared to
dialog: give you 5% of the royalties.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: So I get 5% of the profit?
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: 5% of the net profits. After I re-
dialog: coup.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: What about a payment, upfront?
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I’m taking the risk in printing
dialog: this book.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Yes, but, but it’s my book.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: If it works, then we’1ll both make
dialog: money. If not, then I won’t go
dialog: under.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: So I get nothing? If it fails?
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: No, I‘’1l give you $500 dollars
dialog: right now to buy out the copyright.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: The copyright?
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: It’s the right for re-printing,
dialog: that sort of thing, sequels, the
dialog: characters for other stories.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Might that be worth something?
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Well, again, only if it’s a
dialog: success.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I see. It seems like something I
dialog: would want to own.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Doesn't your family need the money
dialog: more immediately?
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: They do, which is why I wanted
dialog: upfront payment.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: I‘1l only pay for the copyright.
text: An intense moment between them. Her book hangs in the
text: balance. She leans forward, resolute.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: You keep your $500, and I’1l keep
dialog: the copyright, thank you. Also, I
dialog: want ten percent of royalties.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Five point five percent and that is
dialog: very generous.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Nine percent.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Six percent -- and that’s it.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: If I’m going to sell my heroine
dialog: into marriage for money, I might as
dialog: well get some of it.
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: Six point six percent.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: DASHWOOD
dialog: And you don’t need to decide about
dialog: the copyright now.
speaker_heading: JO
dialog: I've decided. I want to own my own
dialog: book.
text: We fade down on this scene, and fade up on:
scene_heading: FICTION(?) INT./EXT. PLUMFIELD ACADEMY. DAY. 1871.
text: Jo is supervising a great number of rambunctious girls and
text: boys of all races and ages. They are finishing lessons for
text: the day, and everyone runs outside at full speed.
text: Jo makes her way down the stairs and is handed a homemade
text: cake by one of the children. She kisses him on the head and
text: continues through what she’s built. Every inch of the school
text: is covered with the students’ work, all of the former
text: stuffiness is gone. She’s in her heaven.
scene_heading: INT. PRINTING HOUSE. DAY. 1871.
text: Jo, captivated, watches type being set, each letter put into
text: place, and one page after another pressed with her novel.
scene_heading: FICTION(?) INT./EXT. PLUMFIELD ACADEMY. DAY. 1871.
text: Jo walks past Friedrich’s classroom, all the students with
text: their violins learning from him how to play. They smile at
text: each other and she continues out.
scene_heading: INT. PRINTING HOUSE. DAY. 1871.
text: Each page is stacked one on top of the other and the massive
text: industrial sewing machine stitches the pages together as Jo
dialog: observes.
scene_heading: FICTION(?) EXT. PLUMFIELD ACADEMY. DAY. 1871.
text: Jo walks past Laurie giving a fencing lesson (while also
text: holding his baby), Amy conducting a painting lesson, Meg
text: supervising children in a play rehearsal, John Brooke (his
text: own children next to him) leading a botany lesson... they all
text: join Jo as she troupes down the lawn.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: INT. PRINTING HOUSE. DAY. 1871.
text: The excesses of each page are sliced off, making a satisfying
text: sound, and making Jo jump and laugh at her jumpiness.
scene_heading: FICTION(?) EXT. PLUMFIELD ACADEMY. DAY. 1871.
text: Leading a procession of children and family behind her, and
text: holding the cake, Jo and the group arrive upon Father,
dialog: teaching the very young children the alphabet by having their
text: bodies form the letters, and also Marmee, who is having each
text: child read aloud in their best dramatic reading voice.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE. DAY. 1871.
text: The hard cover of the book is placed over the pages, the glue
dialog: to hold it in place is so strong-smelling as to make Jo
dialog: dizzy.
scene_heading: FICTION(?) EXT. PLUMFIELD ACADEMY. DAY. 1871.
text: Jo presents her mother with the cake, and all of them, Amy,
text: Meg, Jo, Laurie, John, Friedrich, Father, and the children,
text: wish her a happy birthday. Jo looks around at the group, so
text: happy she was able to be alive with them, so amazed.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE. DAY. 1871.
text: A man finishes the book, and unceremoniously hands it to Jo
text: and gets to work on the next one.
scene_heading: THE PAST, OR MAYBE FICTION, OR MAYBE BOTH. 1850S.
text: Beth, Meg, Amy and Jo are very young girls, playing in their
text: attic, together again, if only in memory, or in the book.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE. DAY. 1871.
text: Jo turns it over in her hands, touching it like the holy
text: object it is, her inchoate desire made manifest.
text: Jo looks up ...
dialog: and sees the future -
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: Credits.
dialog: 
