text: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS"
speaker_heading: REVISED DRAFT
speaker_heading: FEBRUARY 14, 1985
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: A GREY VOID = SWIRLS OF THREATENING, EVER-CHANGING 1
speaker_heading: STORM=SKY COLOR
text: A chilling “Phantom of the Opera" ORGAN CHORD. A voice
dialog: not unlike God's (or Orson Welles') intones the follow-
text: ing "prologue." SIMULTANEOUSLY, the WORDS SCROLL SLOW-
text: LY ACROSS THE SCREEN.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (mock-serious,
speaker_heading: CHURCH-LIKE *
speaker_heading: MUSIC UNDER)
dialog: On the twenty-third day of the
dialog: month of September, in an early
dialog: year of a decade not too long
dialog: before our own, the human race
dialog: suddenly encountered a deadly
dialog: threat to its very existence.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And this terrifying enemy surfaced
dialog: -- as such enemies often do -- in
dialog: the seemingly most innocent... and
dialog: unlikely... of places...
text: The CHURCH-LIKE MUSIC CLIMAXES IN A DRUM ROLL as we see
text: light droplets of water hitting and causing RIPPLES IN
scene_heading: THE IMAGE. IMMEDIATELY, BUBBLEGUM-ROCK MUSIC KICKS IN
text: AS CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that the above-mentioned
text: grey void is really a puddle of muck in a foul Skid Row
text: gutter and that a wino is passed out beside it, -his
text: long black hair soaking in the goo. We see now that a
text: light rain is falling as CAMERA MOVES UP to reveal:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSHNIK'S SKID ROW FLORIST'S SHOP - DAY - DARK, 2
speaker_heading: CLOUDY SKY
text: A run-down storefront flower shop, just beyond the gut-
dialog: ter. The building is so old, so forlorn, so dilapi-
text: dated, it seems to lean to one side. As the shop's _
text: sign comes INTO VIEW there is an EAR-SPLITTING BURST OF
text: THUNDER followed by a bigger-than-life lightning flash.
text: Suddenly the harmless facade is transformed into some-
text: thing ominous and foreboding. And just as suddenly the
text: MAIN TITLE, "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" FADES UP. The
text: word "HORRORS" is colored red and a few drops, of what
text: we suppose to be blood, slowly ooze down and fall from
text: its letters as, SUNG in VOICE-OVER, we hear:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: . SONG (V.O.)
dialog: Little Shop .
dialog: Little Shoppa Horrors
dialog: Little Shop
dialog: Little Shoppa Terror
dialog: Call a cop!
dialog: Little Shoppa Horrors
dialog: No Oh Oh Oh No=oh!
text: The TITLE FADES OUT and on another lightning flash we
text: CUT TO A DIFFERENT ANGLE OF the shop as three girls,
text: CRYSTAL, RONETTE and CHIFFON ENTER THE SHOT. They are
text: the ones we heard singing in voice-over. As CAMERA
text: TRUCKS WITH them, while KEEPING the shop in the back-
text: ground, they continue the number singing and dancing a-
dialog: la any girl group of the 1960's:
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Little Shop
dialog: Little Shoppa Horrors
dialog: Bop sh' bop!
dialog: Little Shoppa Terror
dialog: What ‘em drop!
dialog: Little Shoppa Horrors
dialog: No Oh Oh Oh No-oh!
text: In the background of the PREVIOUS SHOTS we've seen not
text: only the shop but also: a malnourished dog poking
text: through an overturned garbage can, a pre-1960's car or
text: two passing by, newspapers being blown by the wind, and
text: a bum begging from people who quickly pass by grasping
dialog: umbrellas. ~
text: The Girls now turn and enter through the doors of the
dialog: shop.
scene_heading: 3 INT. SHOP - DAY
text: The place is a mess. The flowers are on their last
text: legs or are altogether dead. The corsages are decay-
text: ing. The cash register is rusted and covered with
text: dust. The lightbulbs are bare. The FTD posters are
dialog: from twenty years earlier. Clearly the place hasn't
dialog: had a customer in years.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (during the above)
dialog: Shing-a-ling
dialog: What a creepy thing to be happenin'
dialog: (Lookout Lookout Lookout Lookout)
dialog: Shang-a-lang
dialog: Feel the Sturm-and-Drang
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: In the air
dialog: (Yeah yeah yeah yeah)
dialog: Sha la la
dialog: Stop right where you are
dialog: Don'tcha move a thing!
text: The Girls have danced past a storage room and over to a
text: man who is sitting at the shop's counter reading a
text: newspaper which hides his face. The paper, "The Skid
text: Row Herald Examiner." The headline: UNEXPECTED TOTAL
text: ECLIPSE! END OF THE WORLD? The man lowers the paper
text: to turn the page and we see that it is MUSHNIK, the
text: shop's owner. He glances at the door, then at the
text: clock, sighs, and returns to his newspaper. He does
text: not notice the Girls who are inches away singing the
dialog: following right to him:
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: You'd better
dialog: Tellin' you, you'd better
dialog: Tell yo' mama
dialog: Somethin's gonna get her
dialog: She'd better
dialog: Everybody'd better
dialog: Beware!
text: ON the word "beware" CAMERA FOLLOWS the Girls as they
text: dance over to a closed door. They open it and we CUT
text: TO A REVERSE SHOT OF the door as it is being opened and
text: the CAMERA LEADS the Girls down a dingy flight of
dialog: stairs as they sing:
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: (Come-a, come-a, come-a)
dialog: Little Shop
dialog: Little Shoppa Horrors
dialog: Bob sh' bop
dialog: You'll never stop the terror
text: As the Girls reach the bottom they sing and dance PAST
text: CAMERA TOWARDS...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
text: «+. who is standing with his BACK TO CAMERA on top of a
text: tall and dangerous "ladder" of crates, boxes and books.
text: He is putting something away on a high shelf crammed
text: with clothes, comic books and assorted junk. He, too,
text: does not notice the Girls as they sing to him:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: Little Shop
dialog: Little Shoppa Horrors
dialog: No oh oh oh no
dialog: Oh oh oh oh
dialog: Oh oh oh no-oh-oh-oh!
text: ON the last extended note of the song the Girls back
text: AWAY FROM CAMERA and we are LEFT ALONE WITH Seymour.
text: As he continues struggling we see an old beat-up RADIO
text: on the lower shelf next to him from which we hear:
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.0.)
dialog: At his press conference today,
dialog: President Kennedy fielded
dialog: questions concerning last
dialog: Thursday's total eclipse of the
dialog: sun, an unpredicted and
dialog: unprecedented astrological
dialog: phenomenon which has baffled the
dialog: nation...
text: DURING the broadcast we see Seymour teetering until
text: finally, losing his balance, he grabs for the shelf and
text: with a pathetic whimper he falls taking it, some potted
text: plants, comic books, clothing, junk, and radio down
dialog: with him. ~
speaker_heading: SFX: CRASH!
text: Seymour has dropped OUT OF SHOT. We HOLD ON what's
text: left of the wall as we hear...
speaker_heading: MUSENIK (0.S.)
dialog: Seymour, what is going on down
dialog: there?!
text: Seymour pops BACK UP INTO FRAME IN A FULL-FACE CLOSEUP
dialog: and shouts:
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Very little, Mr. Mushnik!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - DAY
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: {to himself)
dialog: Aron, g'vorn, g'voxen, akebebble,
dialog: mitzbeleh.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - DAY 5
dialog: -We have CUT TO ANOTHER ANGLE OF Seymour to see that the
dialog: Girls are no longer there and to see that we are in:
text: The basement. These dark Surroundings have been trans-
text: formed into Seymour's pathetic living quarters with
text: clothing, a hotplate, jun’ ‘ood containers, a sleeping
text: cot, and crud everywhere. However, blooming amid the
text: decay and the debris are hundreds of strange and exotic
text: plants. They're growing lavishly in coffee cans, shav-
text: ing mugs, the most unlikely containers, nourished by
text: makeshift gro-lights. .
text: Seymour starts picking up the mess he's made. He
text: starts with the RADIO which is turned over on the floor
text: and which is now EMITTING STATIC. He hits it and MUSIC
dialog: COMES ON: Phil Spector and the Crystals' 1963 arrange-
dialog: ment of "Uptown"...
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.0O.)
dialog: He gets up each morning and he
dialog: goes downtown.
dialog: Where everyone's his boss and
text: he's lost in an angry land.
dialog: He's a little man.
dialog: But then he comes
dialog: Uptown each evening to my
dialog: tenement...
text: As he's picking through the mess Seymour notices a par-
text: ticular plant amongst the others that has fallen on the
text: floor. He worriedly picks it up, puts back the dirt in
text: its Maxwell House coffee can and places it under a
text: special gro-light, giving the feeling that the plant
text: has its own theatrical spotlight. The plant is clearly
text: on its last legs. Its avocado-like pod is withered and
text: ary, its leaves are brown and its little tendrils
text: resemble a polio victim. He tends to it with great
dialog: care.
scene_heading: SFX: (0.S.) HIGH HEELS ON CONCRETE.
text: Seymour hears the sound of high heels clicking quickly
text: in the distance. His expression changes to one of
text: longing as he turns and goes to the basement window and
text: looks out.
scene_heading: EXT. SKID ROW STREET - RAIN HAS STOPPED - DAY 6
text: CAMERA IS NOW ACROSS THE STREET AT AN EXTREME LOW
text: ANGLE. We see Seymour's hopeful face through the base-
text: ment window in the background as a car passes. In the
text: extreme foreground a bum is sprawled out on the
dialog: sidewalk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The SOUND OF THE CLICKING HEELS IS UPON US NOW as a
text: pair of black pumps ENTERS FRAME stepping over the bum.
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH the feet UNTIL they are now walking
dialog: TOWARDS CAMERA. We TILT UP PAST the fishnet stockings,
text: black dress, leopard-skin print jacket, and up to a
scene_heading: FULL-FACE CLOSEUP OF...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
text: She is rushing TOWARDS CAMERA. We see she has a black
dialog: eye.
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - DAY
text: DOOR CHIME. Mushnik looks up to see Audrey enter hur-
text: riedly. She immediately begins to take off her
text: leopard-print jacket, struggling as she does to conceal
dialog: the black eye.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
text: So, she finally decides to come to
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Mushnik.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: What morning? It's almost closing
dialog: time. Not that we had a customer.
text: A LOUD CRASH from the basement.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK (cont.)
dialog: What in the name of God is going
dialog: on down there? Audrey, you'd
dialog: better go see what he's...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Audrey... where did you get that
dialog: shiner?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: Shiner?
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM
text: Audrey starts to hang up her coat and put on her uni-
text: form, a frilly pink smock. Mushnik follows her in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Audrey, that greasy boyfriend of
dialog: yours, he's beating up on you
dialog: again? Look, I know it's none of
dialog: my business, but I'm beginning to
dialog: think he's maybe not such a nice
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You don't meet nice boys when you
dialog: live on Skid Row, Mr. Mushnik.
text: Seymour comes up from downstairs carrying a precarious-
dialog: ly balanced pile of clay pots.:
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I got these pots unloaded for you,
dialog: Mr. Mushnik...
text: But even before the sentence is finished, he has lost
text: his footing. Seymour and the pots fall to the floor
text: with an EAR-SPLITTING CRASH, identical to the ones we
dialog: have heard before.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Seymour! Look what you" ve done to
dialog: the inventory!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Don't yell at Seymour, Mr. Mushnik.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (still on
dialog: the floor)
dialog: Hi, Audrey. You look radiant
dialog: today. Is that new eye makeup?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I'll help him clean it up before
dialog: any customers get here.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Well, that oughta give you plenty
dialog: of time.
text: Mushnik moves through the shop toward the front door.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK (cont.)
dialog: Look, God, what an existence I got.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: MUSEHNIK
dialog: Misfit employees, bums on the
dialog: sidewalk, business is lousy... my
dialog: life is a living hell.
text: He notices Crystal, Ponette and Chiffon lounging idly
text: on the stoop next doo: to the shop.
speaker_heading: . MUSHNIK (cont.)
dialog: You! Urchins! Off the stoop! It
dialog: ain't bad enough I got the winos
dialog: permanently decorating the
dialog: storefront? I need three
dialog: worthless ragamuffins to complete
dialog: the picture?
text: The Girls start walking away as they speak.
speaker_heading: RONETTE
dialog: Oh, we ain't botherin' nobody.
dialog: Are we, Crystal?
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: No we're not, Ronette.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: (following them)
dialog: You oughta be in school.
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: We on the split-shift.
speaker_heading: RONETTE ~
dialog: Right. We went to school 'til the
dialog: fifth grade. Then we split.
text: Mushnik has stopped following them.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: (shouting at them)
dialog: So how do you intend to better
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: Better ourselves? You heard what
dialog: he said, Chiffon? Better
dialog: ourselves? Mister, when you from
dialog: Skid Row, ain't no such thing.
text: The Girls turn the corner into a darkened, narrow
text: street where we see trash cans and fire escapes, and a
text: WINO lying amidst the filth. About twenty yards in the
text: distance we see a WOMAN. She is in her fifties, wear-
dialog: ing a working uniform. She could be a waitress or a
text: maid. An old, worn coat hangs from her shoulders.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
text: She seems very tired and walks very slowly TOWARD
speaker_heading: CAMERA.
dialog: MUSTC: Intro to “Downtown/Skid Row."
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (singing)
text: Alarm goes off at seven
dialog: And you start uptown
dialog: You put’ in your eight hours for the
dialog: powers :
dialog: That have always been.
speaker_heading: RONETTE
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: Sing it, child.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Till it's five P.M.
speaker_heading: WINO
dialog: (sits up)
dialog: Then you go...
text: He falls back down.
text: The Girls join the Woman as they walk up the narrow
text: street to the main Skid Row Street.
speaker_heading: WOMAN AND GIRLS
dialog: Downtown, where the folks are broke
dialog: Downtown, where your life's a joke
dialog: Downtown, when you buy your token you
dialog: go...
dialog: Home to Skid Row
dialog: Home to Skid Row
speaker_heading: . , WINO 2
speaker_heading: (ENTERS SHOT)
dialog: Yes, you go...
text: He falls OUT OF SHOT.
text: From around a corner, from an alleyway, from a fire
text: escape, from a tenement building... MORE PEOPLE (maids,
text: janitors, bus boys, bag ladies, waitresses, bums,
text: messengers, etc.) join the Woman and the Girls. The
text: group builds in strength and passion and takes over the
text: street in a number whose choreography is not dance but
text: rather, impassioned, rhythmic movement.
speaker_heading: NEW PERSON 1
dialog: (on the street)
text: Downtown, where the cabs don't stop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: NEW PERSON 2
dialog: (in a tenement window)
text: Downtown, where the food is slop.
text: PERSON 2 joins the others on the street.
speaker_heading: NEW PERSONS 3 & 4
dialog: (from an alleyway)
text: Downtown, where the hop-heads flop
dialog: In the snow!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Down on Skid Row!
dialog: Down on Skid Row!
speaker_heading: ALL (cont.)
dialog: (plus more from around
dialog: a corner)
dialog: Uptown you cater to a million jerks
dialog: Uptown, you're messenger and mailroom
dialog: clerks
dialog: Eating all your lunches at the hot dog
dialog: carts
dialog: The bosses take your money and they
dialog: break your hearts.
text: A 1950's bus stops and discharges a few more people who
text: join the throng.
speaker_heading: ALL (cont.)
dialog: And uptown you cater to a million
dialog: whores
dialog: You disinfect terrazzo on their
dialog: bathroom floors
dialog: Your jobs are really menial, you make
dialog: no bread
dialog: And then at five o'clock you head...
speaker_heading: WINO
dialog: (from behind garbage can)
dialog: By subway...
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Downtown.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP - DAY
text: Audrey is on the sidewalk emptying broken clay pots
text: into a trash can. We see the chorus reflected in the
text: shop's window.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
text: Where the guys are drips.
speaker_heading: ALL (0.S.)
dialog: Downtown!
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Where they rip your slips.
speaker_heading: . ALL (0.S.)
dialog: Downtown!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Where relationships are no-go!
text: Audrey walks into’ the street where everyone is posed
text: hyper-dramatically (a la "West Side Story") singing in
text: powerful chorus. She, also singing, moves amongst
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ALL PLUS AUDREY
dialog: Down on Skid Row
dialog: Down on Skid Row
dialog: Down on Skid Row
dialog: Down on Skid Row
dialog: Down on Skid Row
dialog: Down on Skid Row
dialog: Down on Skid Row!
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - DAY . 11
text: Seymour is sweeping his mess.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Poor!
dialog: All my life I've always been poor
dialog: I keep asking God what I'm for
dialog: And He tells me,
dialog: Gee, I'm not sure
dialog: (mimicking Mushnik)
dialog: Sweep that floor kid!
dialog: (himself again)
dialog: Oh!
dialog: I started life as an orphan, child
dialog: of the street
dialog: Here on Skid Row!
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP - DAY , 12
text: During the previous lyrics, CAMERA has turned a full
text: 360 degrees to show the chorus in the background and it
text: now FOLLOWS Seymour out of the shop onto the sidewalk
dialog: as he sings:
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: He took me in, gave me shelter
dialog: A bed, crust of bread and a job
dialog: Treats me like dirt, calls me a slob...
dialog: Which I am
dialog: So I live
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
text: Everyone on the street is now moving, very slowly, not
dialog: unlike zombies. (Audrey is no longer with them.)
text: Seymour joins them in the street and walks amongst
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Downtown
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: That's your home address, you live...
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Downtown
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: When your life's a mess, you live...
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Downtown
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Where depressions's jes' status quo!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Down on Skid Row!
text: HIGH, WIDE SHOT of chorus in background on Main Street
text: as Seymour turns and walks into a narrow alley. He is
text: alone and singing to himself.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Someone show me a way to get outa here
dialog: ‘Cause I constantly pray I'll get outa
dialog: here
dialog: Please won't somebody say I'll get outa
dialog: here
dialog: Someone gimme my shot or I'll rot here.
text: CAMERA CRANES DOWN WITH Seymour as he stops in front of
text: an old rusty cyclone fence which creates a cul de sac.
text: CAMERA is now BEHIND the fence as we see Seymour
text: through the steel mesh. Suddenly a filthy hand comes
text: up grabbing the wire, followed by its body, and another
text: body, and another, and another. We see that the bodies
text: are those of BUMS slowly crawling up the cyclone fence
text: almost on top of each other as they menacingly sing to
text: Seymour who is backing away and also singing.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR ALL
dialog: Show me how and I will Downtown
dialog: I'll get outa here There's no rules
dialog: I'll start climbin' For us!
dialog: Uphill : Downtown
speaker_heading: (MORE ) (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (CONT'D)
dialog: And get outa here
dialog: Someone tell me
dialog: I still
dialog: Could get outa here
speaker_heading: ALL (CONT'D)
dialog: "Cause it's dangerous
dialog: Downtown, where
dialog: The rainbow's just
dialog: A no-show!
text: Seymour, feeling trapped, runs out of the a” -y.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR -
dialog: Someone tell Lady Luck
dialog: That I'm stuck here
speaker_heading: BUMS (V.0.)
dialog: When you
dialog: live...
dialog: During the following we INTERCUT between Audrey and
text: Seymour, each of whom are at different parts of the
dialog: street.
text: They wander about melodramatically trying to
text: get away from the filth and degradation of Skid Row.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR AND
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Gee it sure would be
dialog: Swell to, get outa here
dialog: Bid the gutter
dialog: Farewell and get outa here
dialog: I'd move heaven and
dialog: Hell to get .outa Skid...
dialog: I'd do I dunno what
dialog: To get outa Skid
dialog: But a helluvalot
dialog: To get outa Skid
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Downtown
dialog: Where the sun don't shine
dialog: Downtown
text: Past the bottom line
dialog: Downtown
dialog: Go ask any wino he'll
dialog: know
dialog: - Downtown
dialog: Downtown
text: Unable to escape from the shackles of skid Row, and
text: feeling desperately trapped, they stop at either side
text: of a corner building. They
dialog: do not see each other as,
text: in an overly dramatic, yet heartfelt plea, they sing to
text: the heavens. The sky becomes lyrical and pink and the
text: entire chorus moves in slow, deliberate, quasi-Jerome
text: Robbins choreography as everyone sings with starry-eyed
dialog: intensity.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR AND
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: People tell me
dialog: There's not a way
dialog: Outa Skid
dialog: But believe me
dialog: I gotta get
speaker_heading: Outa Skid Row
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - EARLY MORNING
speaker_heading: ALL (Cont.)
dialog: Downtown
dialog: Skid Row!
dialog: 13
text: Mushnik, Seymour and Audrey are in the shop. Mushnik,
text: depressed, glances up at the clock.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 14.
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Look at that! Six o'clock and we
dialog: haven't sold so much as a fern.
dialog: All right. That's it. Don't
dialog: bother coming in tomorrow.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You don't mean...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: You can't mean...
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: What? What? What don't I mean?
dialog: “I mean I'm closed, forget it,
dialog: kaput.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You can't!
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Kaput! Extinct. I'm closing this
dialog: God and customer forsaken place.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Mr. Mushnik, forgive me for saying
dialog: so, but has it ever occurred to
dialog: you that maybe what the firm needs
dialog: is to move in a new direction?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Seymour, why don't you run
dialog: downstairs and bring up that
dialog: Strange and interesting new plant
dialog: you've been working on?
text: Seymour helpfully exits.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: You see, Mr. Mushnik, some of
dialog: those exotic plants that Seymour's
dialog: been tinkering around with are
dialog: really... unusual... and we were
dialog: both thinking that maybe some of
dialog: those strange and interesting
text: plants, prominently displayed and
dialog: advertised, would attract
dialog: business.
text: Seymour is now standing behind them holding the same
dialog: withered plant we saw earlier in the basement. It
text: looks even worse than it did before.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 15.
dialog: (2) 13
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I'm afraid it isn't feeling very
dialog: well today.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: There, now isn't that... bizarre?
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: At least. What kind of a weirdo
dialog: Plant is that, Seymour?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I dunno. It looks like some kinda
dialog: flytrap, but I haven't been able
dialog: to identify it in any of my books.
dialog: So I gave it my own name. I call
dialog: it an Audrey Two.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: After me?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I hope you don't mind.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You see, sir, if you put a strange
dialog: and interesting plant like this,
dialog: here in the window, maybe...
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Maybe what? Do you have any idea
dialog: how ridiculous you sound? Just
dialog: because you put a strange and
text: interesting plant in the window,
dialog: people don't suddenly...
text: A CUSTOMER opens the door to the shop.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Excuse me. I couldn't help
dialog: noticing that strange and
dialog: interesting plant.
text: Mushnik and employees look up in amazement.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER (cont.)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: It's an Audrey Two!
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER ©
dialog: I've never seen anything like it
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 13
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: No one has.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Where did you get it?
dialog: MUSIC: A harp? Bells? The kind of thi... that
text: signalled a flashback in musicals of the forties and
text: fifties. Seymour looks off into the distance,
text: conjuring for himself the vision of his first encounter
dialog: with the plant.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Well -- you remember that total
text: eclipse of the sun a couple of
dialog: weeks ago?
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK ("Da Doo"):
text: Through this entire sequence, we hear Seymour in V.0O.
text: and see him in the situations he describes. Crystal,
text: Ronette, and Chiffon are always in the recalled scenes
text: with him, just sort of there, hanging out on a stoop or
text: lurking in a corner, singing backup with appropriately
text: choreographed girl-group gestures.
scene_heading: EXT. A STYLIZED, ALMOST CALIGARIAN RENDITION OF SIXTH 14
scene_heading: AVENUE IN THE THIRTIES - THE. PLANT DISTRICT.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (sung)
dialog: Da Doo.
text: Seymour is walking along, fascinated by the foliage for
dialog: sale.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: (spoken) -
dialog: I was walking in the wholesale flower
dialog: district that day...
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Shoop Da Do
text: He passes a strange-looking florist's shop, its sign
dialog: printed in Chinese characters.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.O.)
dialog: And I passed by this place where this
dialog: old Chinese man...
text: ” CLOSEUP: An elderly Mandarin with a crazed and evil
dialog: leer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Chang!
dialog: Da Doo
text: Seymour and the Mandarin shake hands.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.) -
dialog: He sometimes sells me weird and exotic
dialog: cuttings...
text: Mandarin chops a leaf off a plant with a dangerous-
text: looking Oriental saber.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Snip!
dialog: Da Doo
text: Mandarin extends the leaf to Seymour.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: ‘Cause he knows, ya see, that strange
dialog: plants are my hobby.
text: Seymour examines it.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Da da da da da
dialog: Da Doo!
dialog: And decides not to buy it.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: He didn't have anything unusual there
dialog: that day.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Nope!
dialog: Da Doo.
text: Seymour starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: So I was just about to, you know, walk
dialog: on by...
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Good for you!
text: But suddenly, Seymour stops dead in his tracks. He
dialog: notices something in the sky!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: When suddenly and without warning --
dialog: There was this...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 14
text: THE SKY. A total eclipse occurs before our eyes.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR & GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: Total eclipse of the sun!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: It got very dark.
text: Just as suddenly, the eclipse is over. We're back on
text: the street and Seymour looks at the Mandarin in
text: puzzlement. The Mandarin glances down at a row of
text: flower buckets containing cut flowers.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Da Doo!
text: Among the flower buckets, now, sits one strange and
dialog: interesting plant -- a baby version of...
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THE AUDREY TWO
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: And when the light came back, this
dialog: weird plant was just sitting there.
dialog: GIRLS . .
dialog: Oops-ee-do!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: Just stuck in, you know, among the
dialog: zinneas.
text: Seymour picks up the plant and examines it.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Aud-ree Two!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.O.)
dialog: I coulda sworn it hadn't been there
dialog: before, but the old Chinese man sold it
dialog: to me anyway...
text: Seymour fishes in his pocket for one dollar and some
text: change which he gives to the inscrutable MANDARIN.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0O.) (cont.)
dialog: For a dollar ninety-five.
text: Seymour walks up the street, away from us, carrying his
dialog: new plant.
speaker_heading: GIRLS & MANDARIN (V.0.)
dialog: Sha la‘la la la la
dialog: Doo doo doo doo!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) . 14
text: EXTREME CLOSEUP of Mandarin turning TO CAMERA and
text: flashing a knowing grin.
text: EXTREME CLOSEUP of the Girls, also smiling knowingly TO
speaker_heading: CAMERA.
text: EXTREME CLOSEUP of two filthy BUMS, their faces
text: distorted and smiling. CAMERA PULLS BACK and we see we
dialog: are in... | :
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - EARLY EVENING 15
text: The two Bums are now in the background outside the
text: shop. Their faces are mushed against the display
text: window as they look, with great curiosity, at the
text: others in the shop.
speaker_heading: , CUSTOMER
dialog: Yessir, that's an unusual story
text: and a fascinating plant.
text: He turns to leave. Mushnik, Seymour and Audrey
text: exchange a look of mutual disappointment. And the
text: Customer turns around.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER (cont. )
dialog: Oh... I, might as well take fifty
dialog: dollars' worth of roses while I'm
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Fifty dollars? Yessir! Right
dialog: away, sir!
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER .
dialog: Can you break a hundred?
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: (he knew it was too
dialog: good to be true)
dialog: A hundred. Er, no...
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Well, then I'll just have to take
dialog: twice as many, won't I?
text: He hands Mushnik a hundred dollar bill.
text: CLOSEUP of Seymour.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Twice as many?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15
text: CLOSEUP of Audrey.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Twice as many?
text: CLO-7"P of the two Bums we see outside the window.
speaker_heading: : BUMS
dialog: {mouthing it... in
dialog: “mime)
dialog: "Twice as many?"
text: The two Bums quickly glance to the front door.
text: CLOSEUP of CUSTOMER 2 opening front door.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER 2
dialog: That plant in the window, it's
dialog: simply amazing!
text: CLOSEUP of CUSTOMER 3 opening front door.
speaker_heading: / CUSTOMER 3
dialog: That plant in the window,
dialog: wherever'd you get it?
text: CLOSEUP of CUSTOMERS 4 and 5 opening front door.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER 4
dialog: Look, there it is, Marge.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER 5 (MARGE)
dialog: Oh my gosh, it's peculiar! ~
text: CLOSEUP of the two Bums as they open the front door.
text: They are about to speak when a look of fear crosses
text: their faces and they turn and run as all the Customers
text: come piling out of the front door. They are laden with
text: bunches and bunches of flowers and are excitedly
dialog: babbling about that amazing plant.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: (in the doorway,
dialog: waving good-bye)
dialog: Thank you! Come again! You know
dialog: where to find us! Come and look
dialog: at the weirdo plant some more.
dialog: It's just gonna get bigger and
dialog: more interesting!
text: He comes inside. There are no more flowers in the
dialog: shop. Sold out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 15
speaker_heading: : MUSHNIK
dialog: Well, don't just stand there!
dialog: Quick, quick, quick. Put that
dialog: plant... what do you call it?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Audrey Two.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Put that Audrey Two back in the
text: window where the passersby can see
dialog: it! I don't mind admitting I'm
dialog: wrong when I'm wrong and I'm
dialog: wrong. My God, I'd never have
dialog: believed it. My children, I'm
dialog: taking us all out to dinner!
text: Seymour, excited, looks at Audrey. Audrey looks up,
dialog: intensely disappointed.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, I'd like-to, Mr. Mushnik, but
dialog: I have a date.
text: She heads for the storage room. Mushnik follows her
dialog: in. .
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: With the same nogoodnick?
scene_heading: INT. COATROOM 16
text: Audrey removes her work smock and starts to put on her
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: I'm telling you, Audrey, you don't
dialog: need a date with him. You need
dialog: major medical.
text: She closes her jacket, looks up meekly, forces a sad,
text: embarrassed smile.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Enjoy dinner.
scene_heading: INT. SHOP 17
text: As Audrey hurriedly passes through, Seymour gazes at
text: her longingly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: ‘AUDREY
dialog: (without looking
dialog: at him)
dialog: Goodnight, Seymour.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Goodnight...
text: And she's gone. Seymour looks sadly off in her
text: direction. Mushnik emerges from the storeroom.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Poor girl.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (forlorn. Trying to
dialog: cheer himself up)
dialog: Are we still going to dinner?
text: Mushnik is about to answer kindly when his eye notices:
speaker_heading: THE PLANT
text: It has wilted since we last saw it. It droops over the
text: side of its pot at a forty-five degree angle. Three
text: very serious descending MUSICAL CHORDS underscore the
dialog: SHOT. .
text: Mushnik approaches the plant, picks it up, and takes it
dialog: to Seymour.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: You're not going anywhere,
dialog: Krelborn! You're staying right
dialog: here and taking care of this sick
dialog: plant!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I told you it's been giving me
dialog: trouble. It just wilts like
dialog: this. The Audrey Two is not a
dialog: healthy girl!
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: Strictly between us, neither is
dialog: the Audrey One.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: If only I knew what breed it was,
dialog: what genus. But it's nowhere in
dialog: the books.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 17
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Well, Krelborn, my advice to you
dialog: is you better figure it out and
dialog: fast. Look what this exotic.
dialog: little beauty did for business.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: : MUSHNIK
dialog: So work, Seymour! Nurse this
dialog: plant back to health! I'm
dialog: counting on you!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: (donning his coat,
dialog: hat and scarf)
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: So fix! Goodnight!
scene_heading: EXT. SKID ROW - A GLOWING, DEEP PINK SUNSET 18
text: MUSIC IN: The intro to "Grow for Me." -As we watch
text: Mushnik disappear, sunset gives way to evening. One by
text: one, lights pop on in windows up and down the street.
text: Winos light fires and huddle beside them with brown-
text: bagged bottles. A light pops on in Seymour's basement
dialog: . room.
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT 19
text: Seymour is looking through the basement window at...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
text: standing in the window of her own tenement flat, across
text: the street. She has changed outfits and is now looking
text: into a mirror on her wall, struggling to conceal her
text: black eye with Cover Girl liquid eye makeup.
text: Seymour gazes up at her with painful longing, then
text: returns his attention to his pathetic botanical
dialog: charge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
text: He sings as he works with misting can, spade and
text: fertilizer. It is an intimate moment with a boy and
dialog: his plant.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I've given you sunshine
dialog: I've given you dirt
dialog: You've given me nothin’
text: But heartache and hurt.
dialog: I'm beggin' you sweetly,
text: I'm down on my knees.
dialog: Oh please, grow for me.
dialog: I've give you plantfood
dialog: And water to sip.
dialog: I've given you potash.
dialog: You've given me... zip!
dialog: Oh God, how I mist you.
dialog: Oh pod, how you tease.
dialog: Now. please, grow for me.
text: Seymour grabs a gardening -book from the shelf and leafs
dialog: through it.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: I've given you southern exposure
dialog: To get you to thrive
dialog: I've pinched you back hard, like I'm
dialog: S'posed ta
dialog: You're barely alive
dialog: I've tried you at levels of moisture
dialog: From desert to mud
text: He gives up for a while and starts putting his room in
dialog: semi-order.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: I've given you grow-lights and
dialog: mineral supplements.
dialog: What do you want from me?
dialog: Blood?
text: Seymour picks up some dead roses, the thorns of which
text: have pricked his finger. It bleeds just a little...
dialog: but brightly.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: Damned roses! Damned thorns!
text: Seymour rummages around through a box to find some
text: band-aids. His finger keeps bleeding. Near him, a
text: light from behind casts the plant's shadow on the
text: wall. Suddenly...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) : 19
text: The shadow moves. In silhouette, the pod has opened
text: up. Seymour notices this and turns around to see --
text: Audrey Two, open wide, as if asking for something.
text: Seymour moves toward it. It upens wider. He is
text: puzzled by this behavior, then shrugs it off and
text: returns to his previous activities. He puts a band-aid
text: on his finger, hiding the blood.
text: The plant closes.
text: Seymour notices this and begins to get the idea. He
text: removes the band-aid and raises his finger in front of
text: the pod. Sure enough, it opens again.
text: Seymour slowly hides his finger behind his back. And
text: just as slowly, the pod closes. He reveals the blood
text: again. The plant opens.
text: Now he tries to trick it. He moves his hand down-up
text: very fast. With amazing reflexes, the plant shuts and
text: opens. Seymour gulps and sings:
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: I've given you sunshine.
dialog: Itve given you rain.
dialog: Looks like you're not happy,
dialog: ‘less I open a vein!
dialog: I'll give you a few drips
dialog: If that'll appease...
dialog: Now please...
dialog: Oh please...
text: He squeezes a few drops of blood from his finger into
text: the gaping pod. It snatches for the red stuff like a
text: puppy for a biscuit. Seymour, a little sickened by his
text: own action and even more so by his plant's response,
text: turns away from the pod and starts upstairs.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: I guess a few drops couldn't
dialog: hurt... long as you don't make a
dialog: habit out of it or anything.
text: Audrey Two is alone now, lit by a shaft of moonlight
text: pouring in through the basement window. As MUSIC
text: BUILDS under, the dirt in which the plant is potted
text: begins to stir. The dry surface erupts like a small
text: earthquake. Roots begin to push through.
text: The Maxwell House coffee can starts to shake, then
text: bulge. At last, the plant itself begins to grow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 19
text: The pod sort of bubbles, then swells. New leaves
text: appear, first as buds, and then unfurl before our
text: eyes, The stem extends three inches, then four.
text: By the time the MUSIC REACHES ITS CLIMAX, the plant is
text: a sturdy foot-and-a-half tall. It then bends its stem
text: gracefully and rises back up. If we didn't know
dialog: better, we'd think it had just taken a curtain call.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION 20
text: An ANNOUNCER sits at a desk in a small radio station.
text: He speaks into a microphone.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: This is radio station WSKID...
text: He plays five NOTES on a small CHIME.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (cont.)
dialog: Where in just a few minutes we'll
dialog: be bringing you "Wink Wilkensen's
dialog: Weird World!" The show that talks
dialog: to wonderful people who bring in
dialog: their weird things. But first,
dialog: the news...
dialog: (he changes his voice
dialog: to make it very deep)
dialog: «+. The President today
dialog: announced...
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM 21
text: It is separated from the studio by glass. We faintly
text: hear the news broadcast as we see, sitting in a chair,
text: aman holding a fish which is stuffed and mounted. The
text: fish has a human nose and mustache. Next to the man
text: and fish is seated a little boy holding a Rube
text: Goldberg-type machine. Next to him, and also seated,
text: is a six-foot tall wooden ventriloquist's dummy.
text: Sitting on the dummy's lap is a live midget who is
text: casually. smoking a cigarette. And next to him is
text: Seymour with Audrey Two on his lap. They are all
text: patiently waiting their turn.
text: The plant is now a good twelve inches taller than when
dialog: we saw it last. Seymour wears ten band-aids... one on
text: each of his fingers. Unseen by the others, including
text: Seymour, Audrey Two starts leaning towards the engineer
text: who is adjusting some dials. The plant inches closer
dialog: to the engineer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
text: Only when the plant has its pod open and is about to
text: bite the engineer, does Seymour notice. He grabs the
text: pod and pulls it back.
scene_heading: INT. THE STUDIO “2
text: The Announcer is finishing the news.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: (still with a low voice)
dialog: «+. Partly cloudy on Saturday with
dialog: highs in the mid-seventies.
text: He bangs on the CHIME again, five times.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (cont.)
dialog: (back to Voice No. 1)
dialog: And now, "Wink Wilkensen's Weird
dialog: World!" with your host, Wink
dialog: Wilkensen!
text: Through the glass, in the background, we see an
dialog: assistant get Seymour and the plant.
dialog: MUSIC: Theme of “Wink Wilkensen's Weird World!"
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (cont.)
dialog: (same announcer, but
dialog: now with still another
dialog: voice)
dialog: Thanks, Ted. Hi, everybody.
dialog: We've got a great show for you
dialog: today. Some wonderful people with
dialog: some really weird stuff.
dialog: (waving at his
dialog: assistant to
dialog: bring in Seymour)
dialog: Our first guest is someone you've
dialog: probably read about in the papers
dialog: by now... Mr. Seymour Krelborn who
dialog: has discovered a new breed of
dialog: plant life hitherto unknown on
dialog: this planet. Hello, Mr. Krelborn.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Uh, hello... Wink.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Say, I sure wish the folks at home
dialog: could see this. Where did you get
dialog: such a weird plant?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Well... you remember that total
text: eclipse of the sun a couple of
dialog: weeks ago?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM
text: Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon pop up from behind the
dialog: engineer.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (sung)
dialog: Da Doo!
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: I was walkin' in the wholesale
dialog: flower district that day...
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP - EARLY EVENING
text: The CASH REGISTER RINGS. Its drawer opens as, from it,
text: Mushnik grabs and counts wads of money. In the back-
text: ground we see a sign in the window. It reads:
dialog: "Welcome to Mushnik's -- Home of the Audrey Two." A
text: "Closed" sign is on the door.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.0O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: And thus we conclude our interview
dialog: with Seymour Krelborn, the young
dialog: botanical... er, do you mind if I
dialog: call you a genius?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: Gosh, nol
text: Mushnik shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: The genius who has discovered
dialog: America's largest and most amazing
text: unidentified plant.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.O.)
dialog: I'd like to remind our listeners
dialog: that the Audrey Two is on display
dialog: exclusively at Mushnik's Skid Row
dialog: Florist's...
text: During the above. From inside we see that Audrey is
text: outside banging on the front door. Mushnik rushes over
text: and opens it. Her black eye is a little better, but
text: she now wears her arm in a chic leopard-print sling.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Am I late? Did I miss it?
text: They move to the RADIO, on which we hear Seymour strug-
text: gling to get his last words in as the ANNOUNCER con-
text: cludes the broadcast.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.O.) ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: That's Mushnik's... M... And so until next
dialog: Uses Soo. Hows Nowe Ione Wednesday, this is Wink
dialog: K... Open six days a week, Wilkensen saying so
dialog: ten to six! long and watch out for
dialog: what's weird.
text: Mushnik switches OFF THE RADIO.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: That's what I call advertising.
text: He grabs his coat and starts out the front door with
dialog: Audrey following.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
text: Seymour's first radio broadcast.
dialog: I wanted to hear so bad. I tried
dialog: to be on time, but...
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP - EARLY EVENING 28
text: Mushnik and Audrey on sidewalk. Mushnik locks the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Don't tell me. You got tied up.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: No, just handcuffed... a little.
text: We see a large picture of Seymour and the plant hung
text: near the sign in the display window as Mushnik walks
text: Audrey across the street.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 28 CONTINUED: 28
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Handcuffed. Audrey, I don't know
dialog: who this noodnick is you're
text: hanging out with, but he is
dialog: hazardous to your health.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: That's .for sure. But I can't
dialog: leave him.
speaker_heading: : MUSHNIK
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: He'd get angry. And if he does
dialog: this to me when he likes me,
dialog: imagine what he'd do if he ever
dialog: got mad.
text: They arrive at her tenement door. Mushnik sighs in
text: exasperation and leaves. Audrey turns and enters her
dialog: building.
dialog: MUSIC: Lead-in to “Somewhere That's Green."
scene_heading: 29 INT. AUDREY'S APARTMENT - EARLY EVENING ' 29
text: It is a typical, small Skid Row apartment, however,
dialog: Audrey has tried to cover the poverty in which she
dialog: lives by decorating it in a style we would call "Frilly
dialog: Woolworth's."
text: She enters and looks out her window at the picture of
text: Seymour across the street as she sings:
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I think Seymour's the greatest
dialog: But I'm dating a semi-sadist.
dialog: So I got a black eye
dialog: And my arm's in a cast.
dialog: Still that Seymour's a cutie.
text: She looks at his picture again, then decides to be
dialog: honest.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: Well, if not
dialog: He's got inner beauty
dialog: And I dream of a place
dialog: Where we could be together
dialog: At last...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29
dialog: 31...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: . 29
text: She pulls out her treasured collection of magazines:
dialog: "House and Gardens," "Better Homes," "Woman's Day.”
text: MUSIC SWELLS lyrically as she flips them open to
dialog: favorite pictures: model kitchens with avocado-
dialog: colored, double-u_.: refrigerators, playrooms with
text: knotty pine panelling, pristine Early American bedrooms
text: with white chenille spreads and doily-covered night
text: tables. An exterior shot of a “contemporary” split-
dialog: level house, circa 1961.
text: She sighs and continues singing:
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: A matchbox of our own.
text: A fence of real chain link
text: A grill out on the patio
dialog: Disposal in the sink
text: A washer and a dryer and
dialog: An ironing machine
dialog: In a tract house that we share,
text: Somewhere that's green.
text: CAMERA PUSHES into the picture.
speaker_heading: AUDREY'S DAYDREAM
dialog: She's an the magazine pictures now, dressed for all the
dialog: world like Barbara Billingsley from pumps to pearls, a
text: ruffled apron protecting her shirtwaist.
text: She moves from room to room of a perfect (and perfectly
dialog: awful) suburban cheesebox -- dusting the plastic-
text: covered sofa, adjusting the pole-lamps, straightening
text: the hand-tinted, plastic-framed photos -- singing all
dialog: the while.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
text: He rakes and trims the grass
dialog: He loves to mow and weed
dialog: I cook like Betty Crocker
dialog: And I look like Donna Reed
dialog: There's plastic on the furniture
dialog: To keep it neat and clean
text: In the Pine-Sol scented air
dialog: Somewhere That's Green.
text: ORCHESTRAL INTERLUDE - a brief dream ballet.
text: The mood now is pure Leslie Caron as the rest of
text: Audrey's dream is danced out.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT LAWN - DAY : 30
text: We see a merrily pot-bellied Seymour mowing the lawn in
text: a brightly colored Ban-Lon shirt, as a COCKER SPANIEL
text: YAPS at his heels.
scene_heading: INT. THE PLAYROOM - DAY 31
dialog: The children watch Saturday Morning TV as Audrey
text: appears with a smiling pitcher of Kool-Aid. The
text: daughter is platinum blonde like her Mom and wears a
text: little leopard-print pinafore. The son is prematurely
text: balding at seven years old and wears glasses and cap
text: identical to his father's.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINING ROOM - DAY “32
text: Audrey ushers neighbor ladies in pedal-pushers and
text: curlers to a table set for Mah Jongg. Ina flash,
text: she's back with bridge-mix and crustless tuna fish
dialog: sandwiches.
scene_heading: INT. THE LIVING ROOM - DAY 33
text: Audrey and neighbor at a Tupperware party.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY 34
text: Audrey dances to the oven to put in four Swanson TV
dialog: dinners. .
scene_heading: EXT. LONG SHOT - DUSK 35
text: Outside, the sun begins to set-over a development where
dialog: all the houses look just like this one. .
scene_heading: INT. PLAYROOM AT NIGHT 36
text: Audrey and Seymour snuggle on the couch. The kids are
text: on the floor, watching Lucy with her hand stuck in a
text: bowling ball. Even the dog and cat are snuggled and
text: enjoying the program. Audrey continues to sing in V.O.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (V.0.)
dialog: Between our frozen dinner
dialog: And our bedtime, nine-fifteen
dialog: We snuggle watching Lucy
dialog: On our big
dialog: Enormous
dialog: - Twelve-inch screen
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS 37
text: Audrey and Seymour tuck the kids into bunk beds and
text: chuckle at the pets asleep with them.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (V.0.)
dialog: I'm his December Bride
dialog: He's Father, He Knows Best
dialog: The kids' room, next to our room
dialog: And a third room for a guest
dialog: A picture out of
dialog: Better Homes and Gardens Magazine
text: Audrey and Seymour reach the threshold of their Early
text: American bedroom. He lifts her up and we tactfully --
scene_heading: DISSOLVE BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SKID ROW - NIGHT 38
text: CLOSEUP of Audrey at her window singing. CAMERA SLOWLY
text: PULLS BACK as she looks out and sees a bleak Skid Row
text: cityscape of brick walls, garbage, fire escapes, and
dialog: Passed-out winos. .
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Far from Skid Row
dialog: I dream we'll go
dialog: Somewhere That's...
dialog: Green.
text: CAMERA has pulled back across the street so we see an
text: EXTREME WIDE SHOT of Audrey's tenement. Hers is the
text: only bright light we see in this dark, decayed street.
text: MUSIC:. A pulsing, high energy, bass line. The
dialog: beginning of "Some Fun Now."
text: This MUSIC DISSOLVES the reflective mood as CAMERA
text: TILTS up to see the Skid Row skyline. On a distant
text: ‘rooftop are three figures, silhouetted against the
text: sky. We START MOVING TOWARD them with gathering speed
text: as the pulsating bass-line builds in volume and excite-
dialog: ment. Soon, we're CLOSE enough to see that it's...
text: Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon, in a girl-group
text: formation, bathed in the glow of a rooftop neon sign.
text: They begin to sing, Crystal taking the lead, in an
dialog: exaggerated "Donna Summer meets Irene Cara" style.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
speaker_heading: Ya YaYyaYa
dialog: Ya Ya Ya
speaker_heading: Ya YaYaYa
dialog: Ya Ya Ya
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
speaker_heading: GIRLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Seymour, the shnook,
dialog: His life was the worst
dialog: Oh what a bore dirt poor is
dialog: Now take a look
dialog: His ‘1ck has reversed
dialog: Joy to the boy! It sure is
dialog: Some fun now!
scene_heading: INSERT - SPINNING NEWSPAPER - "Skid Row Gazette."
dialog: HEADLINE -- "Mystery Plant at Mushnik's!"
scene_heading: INSERT - SPINNING NEWSPAPER - "Garden Club News."
dialog: HEADLINE -- "Audrey Two! The New Plant for the
dialog: Sixties?!" Photo of a larger Audrey Two being held by
text: a weaker~looking Seymour.
scene_heading: INSERT - SPINNING PERIODICAL - "The Second Annual
dialog: Horticultural Awards Luncheon." Several photos of
text: Seymour holding the plant and accepting an award.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: He was bringin' up the rear-o
dialog: (Some fun now)
dialog: He was ringin' up a zero
dialog: (Some fun now) :
dialog: Now he's swingin' into gear-o
dialog: Some fun now
dialog: Now
text: TELEVISION APPEARANCE: Seymour, holding an ever-larger
dialog: Audrey Two talks with Groucho Marx on "You Bet Your
text: Life." The duck flies down. The secret word is
dialog: "“chlorophyl."
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: Some fun now
dialog: Most folks used to sock it to him
dialog: (Some fun now)
dialog: Told jokes, used to try to screw him
dialog: (Some fun now)
dialog: Now they're proud to say they knew him
dialog: (Some fun now)
dialog: Some fun now
scene_heading: INSERT - SPINNING "TV GUIDE." "TV Guide" stops
text: spinning, opens and CAMERA pushes in to see listing for
dialog: "Mr. Wizard."
text: TELEVISION APPEARANCE ~- Seymour, holding an even larger
text: Audrey Two, talks to Mr. Wizard and a couple of
dialog: thirteen-year-old kids who look too smart for their own
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 38
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: Some fun now
dialog: That's the way the Whoopie goes
dialog: And
dialog: (Some fun now)
dialog: That's the way the garden grows
dialog: And
dialog: (Some fun now)
dialog: Some fun heaven only knows
dialog: It's...
text: STILL PHOTOS - Various stills of Seymour being more
dialog: successful.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: Some fun now!
dialog: Some fun now!
dialog: Some fun now!
dialog: Some fun now!
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - DAY _ 39
text: The shop is bulging with customers all chattering
dialog: about, and viewing, the Audrey Two and buying flowers
text: as if they were going out of style. It is obvious that
dialog: Mushnik has ploughed some of his profits back into the-
text: shop. It has been re-decorated with real formica on
text: the counters, new refrigerated display cases with
text: twinkling lights, kitschy pseudo-antique trimmings, the
text: works. The Girls are also in the mass of customers and
dialog: continue singing "Some Fun Now,” the lyrices of which
text: fade into and mingle with the cacophony of the people
text: in the store.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (fading out)
dialog: Some fun now!
dialog: Some fun now!
dialog: Some fun now.
dialog: Some fun now.
text: As the throng moves about the shop they clear the plant
text: enough for us to see that it is now sitting in an
text: enormous pot on the floor and standing a full four-feet
text: tall with a spotlight on it. Mushnik is on the phone
text: and can barely make himself heard over all the babble.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: Yes, Mrs. Shiva. No, Mrs.
text: Shiva. Right away, Mrs. Shiva.
dialog: (hangs up and shouts
dialog: to Seymour)
dialog: Seymour! Did you send out the
dialog: order for Mrs. Shiva?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (looking very anemic)
dialog: Mrs. Shiva! I forgot!
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: You forgot! You forgot! Do yc-
dialog: hear this, God? Are you
dialog: listening, customers? He forgot!
text: Seymour heads for the storeroom.
scene_heading: INT. STOREROOM - DAY 40
text: The shop's little storage room has been converted into
text: a flower arranging area. Audrey is hard at work on a
dialog: "Get Well Soon" arrangement which includes not only
text: flowers but handy pocket packs of Kleenex and bottles
text: of aspirin. Behind her a sign advertises "Arrangements
text: by Audrey." From the other room, we hear the bustling
text: SOUNDS of the successful shop. ‘Seymour rushes in just
text: as Audrey puts the final touch into her arrangement...
dialog: a thermometer. .
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (entering)
dialog: Audrey, quick... we gotta do an
dialog: emergency arrangement.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (springing into
dialog: action)
dialog: Birthday? Wedding? Baby?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Funeral.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Hand me the lilies.
text: They clear a space on the table and Audrey begins to
dialog: assemble a very large and scrupulously tasteless
text: funeral arrangement. Huge lilies. Black satin bows.
text: Seymour assists, like a nurse at surgery.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Mr. Mushnik's really mad. I keep
dialog: forgetting things. I guess it's
dialog: ‘cause I feel a little weak and
dialog: lightheaded all the time..
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Scissors. You've got a lot on
dialog: your mind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : 40
text: Mushnik passes through on the way to the basement.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Mind? What mind? The Shivas are
dialog: our most important funereal
dialog: =ccount. Who could forget such an
dialog: order?
text: He leaves.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Sometimes I think Mr. Mushnik's
dialog: too hard on you. Glue.
text: Seymour hands Audrey a can of spray glue with which she
text: begins to spray the fresh lilies, carnations and mums
dialog: in her arrangement. Neither she nor Seymour considers
dialog: this anything out of the ordinary.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I don't mind. After all, I owe
dialog: him everything. He took me out of
dialog: the Skid Row Home for Boys when I
dialog: was just a little tyke... gave me
dialog: a warm place to sleep... under the
dialog: counter... good things to eat like
dialog: meatloaf and water... Floors to
dialog: sweep and toilets to clean and...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Glitter.
text: She is nolding out her hand like a surgeon does for a
text: scalpel. Seymour hands her a plastic bag of multi-
text: colored glitter. Audrey tosses fistsful of glitter on
text: the glue-covered flowers as she addresses Seymour,
text: meaning every word from the bottom of her enormous
dialog: eart.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You know, I think you should raise
dialog: your expectations, Seymour. Now
dialog: that you're getting successful I
dialog: mean.
text: She pauses for a moment and looks straight at him.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: It's clear you suffer from a low
dialog: self-image. And it's high time
dialog: you should get it fixed. Go out
dialog: and do something nice for
dialog: yourself, like buy some nice
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Aw, I'ma very bad shopper,
dialog: Audrey. I don't have good
dialog: taste...
text: He looks admiringly down at the glittering arrangement,
text: then adoringly up into her eyes.
speaker_heading: . SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: «ee Like you.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (she melts)
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (she returns his
dialog: loving gaze)
dialog: Well...
dialog: (there's magic in
dialog: the air)
dialog: «++ I could help you pick things
dialog: out.
text: He can't believe what he's just heard. He leans
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: : SEYMOUR
dialog: You could?
dialog: So does she.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Sure!
dialog: And closer...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: You'd go shopping with me?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Sure!
dialog: And closer...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: You'd be seen with me in a public
dialog: Place like a department store?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Sure!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 40
text: Reality intrudes. She pulls back, embarrassed and
text: upset. She smiles shyly to cover it. Mushnik now re-
text: enters, having come from the basement.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, I can't tonight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've got a date.
text: Seymour is crestfallen. Seeing Mushnik, he grabs the
text: arrangement and exits. Audrey watches Seymour as he
text: dejectedly walks away. She truly wishes she could go
text: out with him.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: Again this date? Some date. A
dialog: date gives you a corsage, not a
dialog: multiple fracture, I'm telling
dialog: you, Audrey, he ain't a good,
dialog: clean kinda boy.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (she returns to
dialog: work)
dialog: He's a professional.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: What kinda professional drives a
text: motorcycle and wears a black
dialog: leather jacket?
text: MUSIC: A nasty, tambourine and chain-flavored “Leader
dialog: of the Pack" musical vamp begins as we --
speaker_heading: CoT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 41
text: -EXTREME CLOSEUP of a black-leathered glove REVVING the
text: accelerator of a moving motorcycle. CAMERA TILTS up to
text: see a face covered by a black motorcycle helmet. Dark
text: goggles cover the eyes. All we can see is the lower
text: face of a toothy-grinning greaser with a Robert Goulet
dialog: smile. We don't know it yet, but this is ORIN
speaker_heading: SCRIVELLO.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: When 7 was younger, just a bad little
dialog: i
dialog: My mama noticed funny things I did
dialog: Like shootin' puppies with a B.B. gun
dialog: I'd poison guppies, and when I was
dialog: done --
dialog: I'd find a pussycat and bash in his
dialog: head.
dialog: That's when my Mama said...
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET SCENE - DAY 42
text: Pedestrians busily moving along the sidewalk. Crystal,
text: Ronette and Chiffon are sitting on a parked car as Orin
text: pulls up.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: What did she say?
text: Orin gets off the bike, which miraculously stays up by
text: itself. He walks into an office building and down a
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: She said, my boy I think someday
dialog: You'll find a way
dialog: To make your natural tendencies pay.
text: He stops in the corridor and opens a door.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: You'll be a...
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST'S OFFICE 43
text: Orin steps inside and unzips his black leather jacket
text: underneath which he is wearing a white dentist's
text: uniform. The Girls are now in the background wearing
text: Dental Assistant's uniforms and singing back-up.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Dentist!
dialog: You have a talent for causing things
dialog: pain.
text: Orin takes off his helmet and flings it aside, hitting
text: his nurse, Miss Mack, and knocking her out.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Son be a
dialog: Dentist!
dialog: People will pay you to be inhumane.
speaker_heading: ROOM ONE 44
text: Orin enters. A terrified patient, wearing God-awful
text: looking braces, is in the chair. Orin, still wearing
text: his motorcycle gloves, grabs an absolutely filthy,
text: crud-caked towel and "cleans" his gloves.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Your temperment's wrong for the
dialog: priesthood
dialog: And teaching would suit you still less.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 44
speaker_heading: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: Orin grabs a large pliers from a cabinet full of
text: horrific-looking dental instruments. He wrenches the
text: patient's head back and maniacally "tightens" the
text: patient's braces. Orin twists the braces with the same
dialog: Subtlety he would use to jack up a car. The patient
text: almost passes out.
speaker_heading: . ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Son, be a
dialog: Dentist ©
dialog: You'll be a success!
text: Orin exits. MUSIC VAMPS.
speaker_heading: ROOM TWO . 45
text: Grinning dementedly, he enters the room as a star would
text: enter a stage. A twelve-year-old boy sits in the
text: chair. His mother stands next to him, holding his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: {in room)
dialog: Here he is, folks
dialog: The leader of the plaque
text: Orin yanks the gas mask off the terrified boy and he
text: breathes in some gas.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (cont.)
dialog: Watch him suck up that gas!
dialog: Oh my God!
text: The mother faints. High on nitrous oxide, Orin giggles
text: maniacally and exits.
speaker_heading: ROOM THREE 46
text: Orin enters giggling.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: He's a dentist and he'll never-ever be
dialog: Any good.
text: Another horrified PATIENT trembles in the chair as Orin
text: goes into the Patient's mouth with a rusty pliers.
text: Orin emerges with a large rotted tooth, roots and all.
text: He flings the tooth aside and exits giggling.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : 46
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (poking their heads
dialog: in the doorway)
dialog: Who wants their teeth done
dialog: By the Marquis De Sade!
speaker_heading: MUSIC VAMPS.
speaker_heading: ROOM FOUR * 47
text: Orin is leaning over another PATIENT to whom he's just
text: given an injection. Orin retracts the huge needle from
dialog: the Patient's mouth.
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (shrieking)
dialog: Oh, that hurts!
text: Orin grabs his trusty pliers and heads for the
dialog: Patient's teeth.
speaker_heading: PATIENT (cont.)
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Mait! I'm not numb!
speaker_heading: _ ORIN
dialog: Ah, shut up!
dialog: Open wide!
dialog: Here I come!
text: REVERSE SHOT from inside the Patient's mouth. We see
text: the back of his teeth, tongue, and lips and through the
text: opening of the lips we see Orin and the Girls singing.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: I am your
dialog: Dentist!
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (the large lips
dialog: form the words)
dialog: Goodness gracious!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: And I enjoy the career that I picked.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: You love it!
speaker_heading: ORIN
speaker_heading: (EXITING SHOT)
dialog: I am your
dialog: Dentist
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 43,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: / 47
text: CUT TO Orin at the door. It is closed.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (0.S.)
dialog: Fitting braces!
text: Orin stands with his ear to the door, listening.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: And I get off on the pain I inflict!
text: On the word: "inflict" Orin violently swings open the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE HALLWAY 48
text: We see Orin has caught his nurse, MISS MACK, in mid-
text: stride and has flattened her against the wall. Loving
text: it, he crosses to Room Five.
speaker_heading: . GIRLS (0.S.)
dialog: He really loves it!
speaker_heading: ROOM FIVE 43
text: Orin is hand cranking a WWII field DRILL which emits a
dialog: horrible SCREECHING NOISE. The Patient is absolutely
text: catatonic with fear as, ever grinning, Orin gets down
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: ORIN
speaker_heading: (over the SCREECHING
scene_heading: SOUND OF THE DRILL)
dialog: I thrill when I drill
dialog: A bicuspid
dialog: It's swell, though they tell me
dialog: I'm maladjusted
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Dentist!
speaker_heading: WAITING ROOM 50
text: Orin pokes his smiling head in.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: And though it may cause my
dialog: patients distress.
text: All the Patients in the waiting room cower back.
speaker_heading: PATIENTS
dialog: Distress!
dialog: §1
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: ROOM FIVE 51
text: A PATIENT who is manacled hand and foot and whose mouth
text: is filled with cotton bits, fights to remove herself
text: from the chair. The Girls hold her down. Orin
text: relishes making her wait for the torment to come. He
text: opens a cupboard and inside we see an altar with
text: candles burning and a large, gilt-framed photo of an
text: elderly Italian lady. He sings to it adoringly.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Somewhere,
dialog: Somewhere in heaven above me
dialog: I know --
dialog: I know that my mama's proud of me
dialog: ‘Cause I'm a Dentist!
dialog: And a success!
text: He slowly, menacingly starts to approach the Patient
text: brandishing a WHINING DRILL in one hand and with the
text: other hand he holds a water sprayer. He viciously
text: sprays a thick, steady stream of water into the
text: Patient's mouth.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Say ah.
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (in terror, with
dialog: her mouth filling
dialog: with water)
dialog: Ahhh...
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Say ah!
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (about to pass out
dialog: Aggggghhhh!
text: Orin is leering, menacing, and wild-eyed as he's drown-
dialog: ing the Patient.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: ~ Say ah!
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (gargling a scream)
dialog: Ahhhrroggrr!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (smugly, straight
speaker_heading: to CAMERA)
dialog: Now spit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: 51a
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
text: Orin violently slaps the Patient on the back. The
text: Patient heaves forward spewing out a huge mouthful of
dialog: water and cotton bits as we --
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET S1A
text: A CLOSEUP of about a gallon of water and pieces of
text: gravel landing in the gutter. CAMERA TILTS UP to see a
text: large vase of water being emptied by Seymour. He puts
text: the first vase down, picks up a second one and as he
text: empties the second one a motorcycle ROARS to a halt by
text: the curb and splashes Seymour. It is Orin, in full
text: black leather gear. He removes his helmet and de-bikes
text: (again, the motorcycle miraculously stays up by
text: itself). He approaches the shop, unscrewing the cap of
text: a little metal inhaler as he walks.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. You can't go in
dialog: there now.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Oh yes, I can.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: No, really, sir. We're closed!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (lifting the inhaler
dialog: to his nose)
dialog: Relax. You want some nitrous
dialog: oxide?
speaker_heading: ° . SEYMOUR
dialog: No, no, thank you.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (continuing
dialog: toward shop)
dialog: Suit yourself.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Uh... sir... You really can't...
text: Audrey comes out of the shop, dressed for her date.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: It's okay, Seymour. This is my
dialog: date...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 51A
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5S1A
text: Orin nods, grins, and giggles inanely, feeling the gas.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: My boyfriend. Seymour. Orin
dialog: Scrivello...
text: Orin abruptly stops laughing and shoots her a murderous
dialog: glare.
speaker_heading: : AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: (quickly, to
dialog: pacify him)
dialog: D.D.S.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (suddenly, loud)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (involuntarily)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (extremely affable)
dialog: I know you. Sure, I saw you on
dialog: the news... Gimme a minute, now.
dialog: I know your name... it's Cedric,
dialog: Steven, Simon...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Seymour...
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (suddenly vicious)
dialog: Somebody talkin' to you?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh no... Excuse me.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Excuse me what?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Excuse me... Doctor.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: That's better.
dialog: (turns to Seymour;
dialog: a pussycat again)
dialog: I know, you're the Plant Guy,
dialog: right? He wait! It must be in
dialog: there, huh?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 51a
dialog: 52
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 51A
text: He inhales some more nitrous and stumbles to the
text: window. There it is, big as life.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Ow wow, is that incredible!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Er... shouldn't we be leaving now?
text: Orin shoots her another threatening look.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: I'm sorry!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Sorry what?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Doctor! Doctor! Sorry, Doctor!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (to Seymour)
dialog: Ya gotta train 'em, eh, stud?
dialog: Listen, here's my card. You ever
dialog: need a root canal or anything just
dialog: give me a buzz, you hear? I'm
text: serious. It's on the house.
dialog: Okay, Aud-ree!
text: Orin tosses his head summoning Audrey to follow. She
text: sneaks one miserable, trapped glance at Seymour, then
text: forces herself to join Orin on the motorcycle. As Orin
text: REVS it up we see, on the cycle, a decal insignia of a
text: tooth stuck with a dagger and the letters. "A.D.A."
text: Orin calls back to Audrey over the ROAR OF THE ENGINE.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: You got the handcuffs?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (as they pull away)
dialog: They're right in my bag.
text: Seymour's blood is boiling. He leaps on his bicycle
text: and pedals off to follow them.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVE-IN - NIGHT 52
text: Orin, astride his bike gleefully watches the start of
text: "Creature from the Haunted Sea." Audrey, behind him on
dialog: the bike (where she couldn't see the screen if she
dialog: wanted to), is forced to sit holding the little drive-
text: in SPEAKER.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 48,
scene_heading: EXT. THE DRIVE-IN'S SNACK BAR 53
text: With a tacky neon sign in the background and a woman in
text: robe and curlers carrying food in the foreground,
text: Seymour, depressed to the point of desperation, sits at
text: a picnic table watching them.
text: THUNDER. A sudden cloudburst.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVE-IN . 54
text: On the motorcycle, Orin snaps his fingers. Audrey
text: pulls out an umbrella and holds it in one hand, the
text: Speaker still in the other, covering Orin while she
text: herself gets soaked.
scene_heading: EXT. SNACK BAR 55
text: Seymour, dejected and getting wet, bicycles away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP - NIGHT (AN HOUR LATER) 56
text: Seymour, miserable and wet from his ride, sits on the
text: floor next to AUDREY TWO. He pats the pot as he talks
dialog: to it. He needs a friend.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: You oughta see the way he treats
dialog: her Twoey. She deserves a
dialog: prince, not a sadistic creep like
dialog: him. The man's a total disgrace
dialog: to the dental profession. I don't
dialog: know what's goin' on sometimes.
dialog: Seems like the whole world's goin'
dialog: crazy. Least we got each other,
dialog: right? I'm gonna turn in, Twoey.
dialog: See ya in the...
text: Seymour starts for the basement when he hears a CRUNCH-
text: ING SOUND. He turns around and sees that --
text: Audrey Two has wilted dramatically.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: Oh boy, here we go again.
text: He looks down at his fingers. There's still a bandage
dialog: on each one.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: The PLANT
dialog: 49.
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: C'mon, I haven't got much left.
dialog: I'm all anemic, I've got dizzy
dialog: spells... Lookit, gimme a few days
dialog: to heal, okay? Then when the
dialog: headache passes, we'll start again
dialog: on the left hand and...
text: SPEAKS. A deep, funky basso.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Twoey... you talked... you opened
dialog: your trap, your.thing and you
dialog: said...
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Feed me, Krelborn! Feed me now!
text: Seymour frantically starts removing a band-aid and
text: starting toward the Plant.
speaker_heading: * SEYMOUR
dialog: Look, maybe I can squeeze a little
dialog: more out of this one, but --
text: Seymour stands over the gaping pod, trying to squeeze a
dialog: drop or two from his bone-dry finger.-
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: More! More!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: There isn't any more! Whatdya
dialog: want me to do? Slit my wrists?
text: Silently the Plant opens its pod as if to say "You got
dialog: iti"
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: (scared now)
dialog: Oh boy.
dialog: (trying to
dialog: stay calm)
dialog: Look... I got an idea...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MUSIC IN.
dialog: The Plant
dialog: 50.
dialog: (2) 56
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm-a-go down to Shmendrik's and
dialog: pick you up some nice chopped
dialog: sirloin.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Must be blood.
speaker_heading: . SEYMOUR
dialog: Twoey, that's disgusting.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Must be fresh.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I don't want to hear this.
text: "Git It." The Plant starts to sing.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: Does it have to be human?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Does it have to be mine?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Where am I s'posed to get it?
text: goes into a "Rock Me, Baby" style blues riff,
text: swaying its leaves and moving its pod with slick in-
dialog: sinuation.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me, Seymour.
dialog: Feed me all night long .
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: That's right, boy, you can do it!
dialog: (sung)
dialog: Feed me, Seymour
dialog: Feed me, all night long.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: sl.
dialog: (3) 56
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (CONT'D)
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Henh, henh, henh, henh!
dialog: (sung)
dialog: "Cause if ya feed me, Seymour,
dialog: I can gror tp, big and strong!
text: Seymour starts for the storeroom. He's seen enough.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: You eat blood, Audrey Two, let's
dialog: face it. How'm I s'posed to keep
dialog: on feeding you, kill people?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (likewise)
dialog: I'll make it worth your while.
text: Seymour stops dead in his tracks.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: You think this is all coincidence,
dialog: baby? The sudden success around
dialog: here? The press coverage?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Look, you're a plant! An
dialog: inanimate object!
text: Seymour heads out again. The Plant sends a vine flying
text: out across the room and wraps it around Seymour's
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Does this look inanimate to you,
dialog: punk?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If I can talk and I can move?
dialog: Who's to say I can't do anything I
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Like deliver, pal. Like see you
dialog: get everything your secret, greasy
dialog: heart desires!
text: The SONG resumes as the Plant sensually rubs its vine
text: up and down Seymour's side.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 56
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: Would you like a Cadillac car?
dialog: Or a guest shot on Jack Paar?
dialog: How about a date with Hedy Lamarr?
dialog: You gonna git it?
text: The Plant's vine spins Seymour around abruptly so he's
text: now facing the singing pod. It begins to rock in time
dialog: to its own music.!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont. )
speaker_heading: Mm hm.
dialog: How'd ya like to be a big wheel
dialog: Dinin' out for every meal
dialog: I'm the plant who can make it real!
dialog: You gonna git it!
text: The Plant starts moving its vines and tendrils like an
text: octopus at a modern dance recital as the MUSIC turns
text: funky, slow, and hot.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: I'm your genie
dialog: I'm your friend
dialog: I'm your willing slave
dialog: Take a chance,
dialog: Just feed me and
dialog: Ya know the kinda eats
dialog: The kinda red hot treats
dialog: The kinda sticky, licky sweets I
speaker_heading: CRAAAAAAAVE !
text: On that word "Crave," the Plant opens its pod wide for
text: the first time, giving us a glimpse of ferocious teeth
dialog: inside.
text: One vine pulls up a chair while two other vines push
text: Seymour down onto the chair.
text: The pod rises up a bit now, so it's towering over the
text: seated Seymour like the genie from the lamp. The stem
text: on which it rests rocks out as the song starts going
dialog: for broke.
speaker_heading: . AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: C'mon, Seymour
dialog: Don't be a putz
dialog: Trust me and your life'll surely rival
dialog: King Tut's
dialog: Show a little ‘nitiative
dialog: Work up the guts
dialog: And you'll Git It!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 56
text: Seymour stands and, during the following lyrics which
text: Seymour sings to himself in VOICE OVER, he looks in a
text: mirror and sees... instead of his own face... the faces
text: of Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon grinning like Cheshire
text: Cats and WAILING a shrill Gospel counter-melody.
text: Seymour turns away. only to see a Bum grinning d-rhly at
text: him through the window.
speaker_heading: : SEYMOUR ‘(V.0.)
dialog: I don't know!
dialog: I don't know!
dialog: I have so many strong
dialog: Reservations!
dialog: Should I go
dialog: And perform...
text: Seymour turns away from the grinning Bum and sees a
text: pair of scissors on the counter next to some shiny red
dialog: ribbon.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont. )
dialog: «+. Mutilations?
text: Seymour, still lost in thought. The Plant over his
text: shoulder, leaning closer.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: You didn't have nothin' till you
dialog: met me. C'mon, kid. What'll it
dialog: be? Money? Girls? One
dialog: particular girl? How 'bout that
dialog: Audrey? Think it over. There
dialog: must be someone you could eight-
dialog: six, real quiet like... and git me
dialog: some LUNCH!
text: The Plant rocks out again, moving its stem like Mick
text: Jagger moves his hips, leaning its pod over one of its
text: vines, almost as if the leaf held a microphone.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: (sung)
dialog: Think about that room at the Ritz!
text: Wrapped in velvet, covered in glitz!
dialog: A little nookie gonna clean up those
dialog: zits!
dialog: And you'll Git It!
text: Seymour turns away from the doorway and sings to him-
dialog: self.
speaker_heading: . SEYMOUR
dialog: Gee, I'd like a Harley machine...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6) 56
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Now you're cookin'!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Toolin' around like I was James Dean...
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Makin' all the guys on the corner
dialog: Turn green!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: So Go Git It!
dialog: Oocoh-cooh=-cooh-oooh
text: Seymour gets into it, now, as the Plant moves every-
dialog: thing it's got -- pod, vines, stem, leaves. It's actu-
text: ally dancing with Seymour -- who bugaloos right back at
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: If you wanna be profound
dialog: And you really gotta justify
dialog: Take a break and look around
dialog: A_lotta folks deserve to die!
text: The fun stops. Seymour can't believe what he just
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: Wait a minute, wait a minute!
dialog: That's not a very nice thing to
dialog: Say.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (spoken, nudging
dialog: him smugly)
dialog: But it's true, isn't it?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: No! I don't know anyone who
dialog: deserves to get chopped up and fed
dialog: to a hungry plant!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Mmmm, sure you do.
text: And with that, the Plant sends a vine sailing across
text: the room to a light switch, which it flicks off with
dialog: the greatest of ease.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (7) - 56
text: From the darkened shop's front window, the street out-
text: side is now plainly visible.
text: The Plant's vines take Seymour firmly by the shoulders
text: and point him toward the window.
scene_heading: EXT, THE STREET OUTSIDE - SEYMOUR'S POV 57
text: It's still raining lightly.
text: Orin's MOTORCYCLE ROARS to a halt outside Audrey's
text: tenement building. They "disembark."
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Stupid woman! Christ, what a
dialog: friggin' scatterbrain!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I'm sorry, Doctor! I'm sorry,
dialog: Doctor!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Drops the damned umbrella, gets me
dialog: soaked!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I'm clumsy, Doctor! I'm clumsy,
dialog: Doctor! .
text: They disappear into Audrey's building, but their
text: muffled VOICES are still audible.
speaker_heading: ORIN (0.S.)
dialog: Get the door open, ya little slut.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (0.S.) .
dialog: I'm trying, Doctor! I'm trying,
dialog: Doctor!
text: They appear now as silhouettes on the closed shade of
text: Audrey's apartment window.
speaker_heading: ORIN (0.S.)
dialog: Look at my jacket! Look at my
dialog: hair! Get the Vitalis! Quick,
dialog: the Vitalis!
speaker_heading: AUDREY (0.S.)
dialog: I'm out of it, Doctor!
speaker_heading: ORIN (0.S.)
dialog: What? 127121?
text: Still in silhouette on the shade, he slaps her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: AUDREY (0.S.)
dialog: Orin! That hurt!
speaker_heading: ORIN (0.S.)
dialog: Can it!
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP : 58
text: MUSIC BUILDS to a climax as Seymour slowly turns, red-
text: faced and trembling, toward the Plant. He's a man
dialog: possessed now -- ready to do anything to save Audrey
text: from the clutches of that beast across the street.
scene_heading: SEYMOUR & AUDREY TWO
dialog: (singing tight,
dialog: angry harmony)
dialog: If you want a rationale
dialog: It isn't very hard to see
dialog: Stop and think it over, pal,
dialog: The guy sure looks like plantfood to
dialog: _me!
dialog: The guy sure looks like plantfood to
dialog: me!
dialog: The guy sure looks like plantfood to
dialog: me! : : :
text: The Plant, jumping up and down -- its pot hammering the
text: floorboards -- is singing and "dancing" wildly now,
dialog: shaking everything it's got working Seymour up to a
dialog: frenzy.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: He's so nasty, treating her rough!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Smackin' her around and always
dialog: talkin' so tough!
speaker_heading: . SEYMOUR
dialog: You need blood, and he's got more
dialog: than enough!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: I need blood, and he's got more
dialog: than enough!
scene_heading: SEYMOUR & AUDREY TWO
dialog: You (I) need blood and he's got
dialog: more than enough!
text: The Plant's pod looks Seymour straight in the eye...
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: So go Git It!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
text: Seymour turns away from the Plant and into a CLOSEUP --
text: his face a knot of utter resolve.
scene_heading: 59 INT. DENTIST'S OFFICE RECEPTION ROOM - 6 P.M. (THE 59
speaker_heading: NEXT AFTERNOON)
text: Miss Mack, a receptionist and refugee from the Women's
text: Army Corps, sits reading "Combat Magazine." She has a
text: large band-aid on her face from when the helmet hit
text: her. Across from her waits a patient, MR. DENTON.
text: ORIN'S GIGGLES waft in from a-:nearby examining room.
text: They are followed by a SCREAM OF PAIN. Miss Mack
text: shakes her head and mutters.
speaker_heading: MISS MACK
dialog: Weakling.
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Does that mean they're finished?
dialog: Is it almost my turn?
speaker_heading: MISS MACK
dialog: Keep your pants on.
text: A TEENAGED GIRL emerges from the examining room. Her
text: mouth is encumbered by a grotesquely exaggerated ver-
text: sion of a night-retainer so large, heavy, and rusted,
text: the Girl can barely hold her head up. Her MOTHER,
text: deeply shaken by the dentistry she has just witnessed,
text: mumbles to herself in shock.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall
dialog: not want...
text: Denton approaches the Teenager.
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: What did he do? Tell me
dialog: everything!
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: {unable to make her-
dialog: self understood through
dialog: the metal in her mouth)
dialog: Argfluuggggshjenkrenh!
text: The Mother and Daughter exit. Denton sits down. Miss
text: Mack glances at the clock and starts to pack it in for
dialog: the evening.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
text: Orin enters wearing a leather apron. He smiles madly;
text: his eyes are glazed.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Next!
text: Denton springs to his feet.
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: That's‘me! Arthur Denton! I'm
dialog: next! :
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (askance at the
dialog: enthusiasm)
dialog: Does that have an appointment?
speaker_heading: MISS MACK
dialog: Ask it. I'm off duty.
text: She leaves. Denton chatters away excitedly as he and
text: Orin head for the office.
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: You know, I've been saving up all
dialog: month for this. I'm sure I need a
dialog: root canal. I'm sure I need a
text: very long, slow, root canal.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: We'll see.
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: I have a history of dental
dialog: illness.
speaker_heading: ORIN .
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: Yes, sir!
scene_heading: INT. ORIN'S OFFICE 60
text: Orin, taking a hit from his small nitrous oxide vial,
text: comes toward Denton brandishing a drill.
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: Yes! Yes! That's it! Show it to
dialog: me first! Show it to me first!
text: Orin starts into his mouth.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION ROOM 61
text: Seymour opens the door and looks around. Nobody there.
text: Be enters and sits. He is extremely nervous as he puts
text: his hand in his pocket and pulls out a gun. He looks
text: at it and puts it back quickly as, from the inner of-
text: fice, he hears Denton's CRIES of pleasure surfacing
text: over the SOUND OF DRILLING.
speaker_heading: : DENTON (0.S.)
dialog: That was terrific! More!
scene_heading: LOUDER DRILLING 0.S.
speaker_heading: DENTON (0.S.) (cont.)
dialog: Don't stop! Oh, God, don't stop
dialog: now!
text: Seymour winces.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE . 62
text: Denton is in a frenzy. Orin, having paused in his work
text: for a moment, stares at him in disbelief.
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: More! Yes! Yes! Yes! I want
dialog: it! Now! Now! Now! Yes!
dialog: (then quietly)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: DENTON
dialog: Aw, come on, Doc.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: I said, get out!
text: Denton comes running out of the office, Orin following
text: close behind, carrying his drill.
speaker_heading: ORIN ,(cont.)
dialog: Goddamn sicko! Move it!
text: Denton is out the door in a flash. Orin, frenzied,
text: whirls on Seymour, catching him off guard.
speaker_heading: : ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Lemme ask you something.
dialog: (brandishing drill)
dialog: Does this scare you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Would you like it if I took this
dialog: thing and made straight for your
dialog: goddamn incisors?!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: It'd hurt, right?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Right!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: You'd scream, right?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Right!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Then get your ass in here!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: What?!
text: Before Seymour can do anything, Orin has started haul-
text: ing him into the office.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE 63
text: Seymour struggles, but Orin easily straps him into the
text: chair and shines the light right in Seymour's eyes.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: (as he straps him in)
dialog: Don't I know you?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Seymour Krelborn, we met yester...
text: Orin forces Seymour's mouth wide open and looks in
text: gleefully.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Oo, your mouth's a mess, kid.
dialog: Let's start with that wisdom
dialog: tooth!
text: Orin gets his pliers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: . 63
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: We'll just rip the little bugger
dialog: right outa there, whatdya say?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Let me go!
text: Orin turns to Seymour, suddenly smiling.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: There's always time for dental
dialog: hygiene, Seymour. You ever seen
dialog: the results of a neglected mouth?
dialog: Look, Seymour!
text: With a flick of his finger, Orin turns on a light box,
dialog: similar to those used to read X-rays. This one, how-
text: ever, displays an enormous color slide of a disgusting,
text: rotted, decaying, salivating dog's mouth.
speaker_heading: , ORIN (cont.)
dialog: This could happen to you!
text: Seymour is about to be ill.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Unless I take immediate action.
text: Orin grabs his WWII field DRILL and starts to pump the
text: Grill's pedal. It makes a high-pitched, HORRIBLE
speaker_heading: SOUND.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: That's the drill, Seymour.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: It's rusty!
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: It's an antique!
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: They don't make instruments like
dialog: this any more. Sturdy, heavy,
dialog: dull. This is gonna be a
dialog: pleasure.
text: He is about to drill Seymour when he gets an idea and
text: stops abruptly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 63
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: I'm gonna want some gas for this
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Gas?
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Nitrous oxide.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Oh, thank God. I thought you
dialog: weren't going to use any.
speaker_heading: ORIN
dialog: Oh, the gas isn't for you,
dialog: Seymour. It's for me. I wanna
dialog: really enjoy this. In fact, I'm
dialog: gonna use my special gas mask.
text: As Orin speaks, he opens the cabinet and pulls out an
text: elaborate mask. He straps it on around his neck. he
dialog: is preoccupied enough not to notice...
text: “ Seymour loosening his wrist restraints.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: I find that a little giggle gas
dialog: before we begin increases my
dialog: pleasure enormously.
text: The mask in place now, Orin turns the knob on the wall
dialog: all the way up to Full. ~
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Here we go!
text: HISSING SOUNDS. Orin immediately begins to get high
dialog: and giggle.
text: He is laughing so hard now, he has to hold onto a
text: countertop for support. This turns his back toward
dialog: Seymour.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Oh boy, Seymour, I am flyin' now.
dialog: Oh, the things we are gonna do to
dialog: your mouth! Heeeeyaaaahahahahaha!
text: Orin tries to regain composure and straighten up.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: ney okay, okay, okay. Work to
dialog: Oe :
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 63
speaker_heading: ORIN (CONT.)
dialog: (more laughter)
dialog: Time to work.
dialog: (more laughter)
dialog: Okay, okay, straighten up and...
text: He somehow manages to pull himself to an upright posi-
text: tion and turns around. Suddenly, his expression is one
text: of shock as he sees...
text: Seymour, standing in the doorway, pointing a gun at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: What the hell is that?
text: Seymour closes his eyes and clenches his teeth, trying
dialog: to make himself shoot.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: A gun.
dialog: (exploding with
text: laughter, then talking
dialog: through it with
dialog: difficulty)
dialog: The kid's got a goddamn revolver!
dialog: (more laughter)
dialog: Jesus, I'm in trouble, huh?
text: He giggles hysterically as he turns the gas knob.
text: It comes off in his hand. The HISSING SOUND continues.
text: This strikes him funny.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Uh oh...
text: Laughs. Seymour keeps the gun pointed, trying to force
text: himself to actually pull the trigger.
text: Orin makes an attempt to get the mask off, but he can
text: barely get his arms up to his head. He's too weak from
text: the gas and the laughter.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Oh boy... uh... Uh... Seymour,
dialog: give me a hand, would ya? Er...
dialog: no, I guess you wouldn't.
text: He laughs. He tries to pull the hose out of the wall.
text: The entire gas apparatus comes with it, sending Orin
text: crashing to the floor. The HISSING CONTINUES.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 64,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 63
text: Orin finds this hilarious. He's on the floor laughing
text: like an imbecile, wheezing, and desperately trying to
text: eatch his breath. He tries to get to his feet. He
text: can't. He struggles to speak:
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: The point is, Seymour, I could
dialog: asphyx... asphyx... asphyx...
dialog: ‘(a real scream)
dialog: Help me!!!
text: Seymour just stands there watching, gun still pointed.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: (a beat, then
dialog: weakly)
dialog: What'd I ever do to you?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Nothin'
dialog: (beat; then quietly)
dialog: It's what you did to her.
text: Orin stares Seymour in the face.
speaker_heading: ‘ORIN
dialog: Her who?
dialog: Beat. He gets it. We see it in his eyes. He knows
dialog: why Seymour has come.
speaker_heading: ORIN (cont.)
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Her.
text: Orin loses consciousness. His head, still encased in
text: the mask, hits the floor WITH A THUD.
text: He's dead.
text: Seymour slowly lowers the unused gun to his side.
dialog: MUSIC: Sturm and Drang. A full orchestral "Little
dialog: Shop" in a minor key.
scene_heading: EXT. A DARK ALLEY - NIGHT 64
text: Seymour is slowly and laboriously dragging a very large
text: and heavy white bag.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET CORNER - NIGHT 65
text: Seymour, emerging from an alley, checks to see that no
text: one is around and then crosses the street, straining to
text: drag the large white bag with him.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP - NIGHT 66
text: Seymour stands. before Audrey Two, the white bag at his
text: feet. The plant, back-lit, seems bigger than ever.
text: Seymour suddenly seems very small and insignificant.
text: Seymour turns to leave.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Chop it up.
text: Seymour stops in his tracks, appalled.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: What!!!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Okay, okay. Okay.
scene_heading: EXT. A DIMLY LIT COURTYARD - BEHIND THE SHOP 67
text: Sturm and Drang MUSIC CONTINUES.
text: Seymour looks around nervously, then drags the white
text: bag out of the shop, into courtyard.
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT . 68
text: Seymour rummages around in the tool cabinet until he
dialog: finds what he's looking for:
speaker_heading: AN AXE
text: The very sight of it makes him wince. But what must be
dialog: done, must be done...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD 69
text: Seymour enters with the axe, a bucket, and a pile of
text: old newspapers. He starts spreading the papers out on
dialog: the concrete.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT OF THE SHOP 70
text: Mushnik appears at the front door. The night gate is
text: down and locked, of course. He fumbles to find the
text: correct key. He can't. He's frustrated. . He starts
text: around through the alley to try the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD 71
text: Seymour grits his teeth, closes his eyes, and raises
dialog: the axe.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE COURTYARD WALL
text: Seymour's shadow. He brings the axe down. There's an
text: awful SOUND as it hits bottom.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP BACK DOOR 72
text: Mushnik, fumbling with another key, hears the SOUND.
text: He turns.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE COURTYARD WALL
text: The shadow lowers the axe again. That SOUND.
speaker_heading: ‘ CLOSEUP - MUSHNIK
text: His jaw drops. If this were 1925, his hair would stand
dialog: on end.
text: The shadow continues its task.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SHOP BACK DOOR 73
text: Mushnik, stunned and sickened, forgets his business in
text: the shop and turns.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP 74
text: as MUSIC builds to a THUNDEROUS CLIMAX, Seymour is
text: seen, gingerly and with great distaste, lifting bits of
text: Orin (an arm with a studded leather wristband; a head
text: frozen in a stupid grin) and dumping them into the
text: plant's cavernous pod. EATING SOUNDS and then --
text: THE PLANT LAUGHS -- a deep, echoing, frightening laugh-
dialog: ter that REVERBERATES as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: THE BASEMENT - FOLLOWING MORNING . 75
text: Sunlight streams through the basement window.
text: Seymour is asleep, but restless. The PLANT'S LAUGHTER
text: still echoes in his dreams. He wakes up as he becomes
text: aware of a SIREN IN THE DISTANCE, drawing closer.
text: He gets up and looks through his window.
scene_heading: EXT. SKID ROW - SEYMOUR'S POV . 76
text: A police car has pulled up in front of Audrey's house.
text: Two officers, Frank and Joe, are talking to her. She
text: looks shocked by something they've said.
text: Seymour starts to dress, frantically.
scene_heading: EXT. AUDREY'S FRONT STOOP - MORNING 77
text: The officers climb into their car and pull away.
text: Audrey sits on the stoop, very upset.
text: Seymour waits until the police have pulled away, then
text: approaches from across the street.
text: Audrey is about to ery and doesn't want him to see.
text: She starts away from him, moving down the street. He
dialog: follows.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Audrey -- what did they say to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: The police.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, nothing.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Audrey, talk to me. What'd they
dialog: say? :
text: She gives in and stops.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: It's Orin... They say he's
dialog: disappeared!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: The... police told you that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: They suspect foul play.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: They do?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: He was -heavily in debt to certain
dialog: rubber ‘appliance firms. His
dialog: receptionist... this morning she
dialog: found the place a shambles... gas
dialog: masks everywhere... things ripped
dialog: out of walls... They think... I
dialog: can't even think about what they
dialog: think.
text: She starts to cry and moves away from him. She turns a
dialog: corner and happens into --
scene_heading: EXT. A PICTURESQUE ALLEYWAY 78
text: A jumble of fire escapes fills the background. The
text: very walls seem to be tinted lavender and blue -- a
text: watercolor of urban architecture -- something out of
dialog: West Side Story.”
text: Audrey, still crying, finds a trash can and perches on
dialog: it to sob. .
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Audrey... Audrey, please don't
dialog: cry... Would it be... s0
dialog: terrible... if something had
dialog: happened to him?
speaker_heading: AUDREY °
dialog: Seymour, what a thing to say!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Well, would it?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (after a beat and
dialog: a sniffle: a confession)
dialog: It wouldn't be terrible at all.
dialog: It would be -- A miracle. Not to
dialog: Mention all the money I'd save on
text: Epsom salts and ace bandages.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: See?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: But I'd still feel guilty. I
dialog: mean, if he met with foul play or
dialog: some terrible accident of some
dialog: kind, it'd partly be my fault, you
dialog: see. ‘Cause secretly... I wished
dialog: it.
text: She fights back tears. Seymour works up the nerve to
text: sit beside her. After a beat, he speaks very gently.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Audrey, you shouldn't waste one
dialog: more minute worrying about that
dialog: creep. There's a lot of guys
dialog: would give anything to go out with
dialog: you. Nice guys.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I don't deserve a nice guy,
dialog: Seymour.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: That's not true.
text: She rises and moves away. She could never say this to
text: his face.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I deserved a creep like Orin
dialog: Scrivello, D.D.S. You know where
dialog: I met him? In the gutter.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: The gutter?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: The gutter. It's a nightspot. I
dialog: used to work there. I'd put on
dialog: cheap and tasteless outfits... not
dialog: nice ones like this. Low and
dialog: nasty apparel, and I'd...
text: She breaks. She sits on a pile of crates, weeping
dialog: softly.
dialog: MUSIC UNDER: the intro to "Suddenly Seymour." Seymour
text: comes close and kneels beside her.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Audrey, that's all behind you
dialog: now. You've got nothing to be
dialog: ashamed of.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 78
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (CONT.)
dialog: You're a very nice person and I
dialog: always knew you were. Underneath
dialog: the bruises and the handcuffs, you
dialog: know what I saw? A girl I
dialog: respected. I still do.
dialog: (sung)
dialog: Lift up your head
dialog: Wash off your mascara
dialog: Here... take my Kleenex,
dialog: Wipe that lipstick away
dialog: Show me your face
dialog: Clean as the mornin'
dialog: I know things were bad
dialog: But now they're okay.
text: He rises and is suddenly framed against a yellow morn-
text: ing sky, glimpsed at the end of the alley. For a
dialog: moment he's Gary Cooper, John Glenn, Gordon MacCrea.
text: Audrey looks up at him in awe.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour
dialog: Is standing beside you
dialog: You don't need no make-up
dialog: Don't have to pretend
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour
dialog: Is here to provide you
dialog: Sweet Understanding
dialog: Seymour's your friend.
text: Audrey does not sing back to him. She sings, instead,
text: to God, her eyes brimming with tears.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Nobody ever
dialog: Treated me kindly
dialog: Daddy left early
dialog: Mama was poor.
dialog: I'd meet a man and
dialog: I'd follow him blindly
text: He's snap his fingers
dialog: Me, I'd say
dialog: "Sure"
text: As a look of quasi-religious redemption spreads across
text: her masacara-stained face:
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour
dialog: Is standing beside me
dialog: He don't give me orders
dialog: He don't condescend
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 78
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT.)
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour
dialog: Is here to provide me
dialog: Sweet Understanding
dialog: Seymour's my friend.
text: He moves toward her.
speaker_heading: . SEYMOUR
dialog: Tell me this feelin' lasts ‘til forever
dialog: Tell me the bad times
dialog: Are clean washed away
text: She moves away from him, up onto a fire escape -- "to
dialog: think."
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Please understand that
dialog: It's still strange and frightenin'
dialog: For losers like I've been
dialog: It's so hard to say...
text: And she turns, all passionate commitment. Now he's on
text: the ground and she's on a fire escape. It's the bal-
text: cony scene. They reach for each other through the iron
dialog: bars. .
speaker_heading: AUDREY (cont.)
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour!
dialog: We PULL BACK to see that Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon
text: are lurking on another fire escape, across the alley,
text: prepared to sing backup.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR & GIRLS
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: He purified me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR & GIRLS
dialog: He purified you!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR & GIRLS
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Showed me I can --
text: With one grand Errol Flynn gesture, Seymour pulls him-
text: self up and floats ten feet high, up onto the fire
text: escape beside her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 78
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Yes, you can --
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Learn how to
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Be more
dialog: The girl that's inside me (you)!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: With Sweet Understanding --
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Sweet Understanding --
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: With Sweet Understanding --
speaker_heading: AUDREY .
dialog: Sweet Understanding
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Sweet Understanding!
dialog: Seymour's M Your) Man!
text: And at the number's close, they're locked in the quin-
text: tessential love-duet pose: his arms around her from
text: behind, faces close together, eyes glistening, and
text: mouths open to hold the last note as tong as the ar-
dialog: rangement demands.
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - MORNING 79
text: MUSIC: "Suddenly Seymour" playoff.
text: Seymour enters the shop. He is on cloud nine. He
text: passes the plant as if in a trance. Audrey Two has
text: practically doubled in bulk. The plant is glowing with
text: green good health and its vines are all over the shop.
text: It's even started to bud. It turns to see Seymour go
text: down to the basement.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT 80
text: Seymour jumps on his cot. From under his pillow he
text: takes out a photo of Audrey. He looks at it dreamily
text: and is just about to kiss it when he is startled by...
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: You love her madly, don't you,
dialog: Shmuck?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 80
text: Seymour turns around to see Mushnik standing in the
dialog: snadows. .
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Mr. Mushnik -- you Scared me.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: I scared him. After what I've
dialog: seen, I scared him. Hmph. You
dialog: think I didn't know? I knew. I
dialog: knew you lay down here on your
text: pathetic cot and dreamed about
dialog: her. But I didn't know the
dialog: lengths to which you'd go, the
dialog: depths to which you'd sink...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: What depths? What sink? What are
dialog: you talking about?
text: MUSIC IN: "“Suppertime Intro," a tension-producing
dialog: "tubular bells"=-style vamp.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: (pointing up to
dialog: the shop)
text: Little red dots all over the
dialog: linoleum...
text: Seymour, who had no idea they were there, loses his
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK (cont.)
text: Little red spots on the concrete
dialog: outside!! I'm talking blood,
dialog: Krelborn! I'm talking under my
dialog: own roof...
text: Mushnik is now at the tool cabinet. He opens it and
text: grabs the axe...
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK (cont.)
dialog: «+. An axe murderer!
text: MUSIC: A BIG CHORD. Seymour's face falls.
text: CLOSEUP of Seymour as Audrey Two is heard in ECHO.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (V.0O.)
dialog: (singing in echo)
dialog: He's got your number now,
speaker_heading: MUSHNIR
dialog: I saw everything.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 74,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 80
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (V.O.)
dialog: He knows just what you done.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Everything you... ugh... done to
dialog: her boyfriend.
speaker_heading: / AUDREY TWO (V.0.)
dialog: You got no place to hide.
text: Seymour clamps his hands over his ears so as not to
dialog: hear the Demon Plant. Mushnik thinks Seymour doesn't
dialog: want to hear him so he keeps going with more
dialog: intensity...
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: I saw you... chopping.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (V.0.)
dialog: You got nowhere to run.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: It's true! I chopped him up. But
dialog: I didn't kill him!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (V.0.)
dialog: He knows your life of crime.
text: Mushnik produces a gun and trains it on Seymour to hold.
dialog: him back.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Tell it to the police!
scene_heading: INT. SHOP gl
text: We now see the plant is singing.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: I think it's Suppertime!!
text: We INTERCUT between the shop, where the plant keeps
text: singing, and the BASEMENT, where Mushnik is holding the
text: gun on Seymour.
text: Mushnik backs Seymour up the stairs as we are aware
dialog: that Seymour is struggling to come up with a decent way
dialog: out. Must there be more bloodshed?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Come on, come on
dialog: National Geographic!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (CONT.)
dialog: Come on, come on
dialog: Your future with Audrey
dialog: Come on, come on,
dialog: Ain't no time to turn squeamish
dialog: Come on, come on
dialog: I swear on all their spores,
dialog: When he's gone the world will be
dialog: yours!,
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP . 82
text: The door from the basement opens. The plant is im-
text: mobile. Seymour walks into the room as Mushnik, gun in
text: hand, follows.
text: Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon are lurking in the shadows
text: outside the shop window.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing softly,
dialog: seductively)
dialog: Come on... come on...
dialog: Come on... come on...
text: Mushnik walks Seymour to the front door. He stops.
text: VAMP CONTINUES UNDER as he speaks.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: Krelborn, I just want to say it
dialog: kills me to have to do this.
text: CUT TO the Girls outside in the shadows.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: It's suppertime.
dialog: ~CUT TO Mushnik.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: Considering the fact you're
dialog: something of an idiot, and the man
dialog: you hacked to pieces wasn't such a
dialog: paragon himself...: you could get
dialog: off in thirty, forty years.
dialog: CUT TO the Girls whom we still see outside through the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Come on... come on...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
dialog: CUT TO Mushnik.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: And it, would be a shame, all
dialog: things considered that your...
dialog: life's work shouldn't be here
dialog: waiting for you.
text: CUT TO the Girls who are now inside the shop sitting on
dialog: the counter.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: " Come on... come on...
dialog: CUT TO Mushnik.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: So... if you want me to... take
dialog: care of this plant of yours... I
dialog: assume you fertilize...
text: CUT TO the Girls who are now standing right next to
dialog: Seymour.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Come on... come on...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: She... needs... to be fed, sir.
text: The PLANT RUSTLES ITS LEAVES in anticipation.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: Fed?
text: CUT TO the Girls who, still inside the Shop, are in
text: front of the display window. A couple of filthy bums
text: are outside leering through the window just behind the
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing with more
dialog: insistence now)
dialog: Come on... Come on...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Just... potash... you know... the
dialog: usual minerals and all.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 82
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 82
text: As Seymour speaks he casually backs Mushnik towards the
dialog: Plant.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: And on Thursdays you give it
dialog: wate....
text: CUT TO the Girls who are now grinning behind the plant.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing with dark
dialog: intensity)
dialog: Come on... come on...
text: CUT TO the Bums who are grinning menacingly through the
dialog: window.
dialog: cuT TO Seymour.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: «+. Of course you have to clean
text: the leaves.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: But most importantly, whatever you
dialog: do...
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK
dialog: Yes...
dialog: Cur TO the Girls.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing... almost
dialog: hissing)
dialog: Come on... come on...
dialog: CUT TO Seymour.
speaker_heading: " SEYMOUR
dialog: «e- whatever you do... just be
dialog: sure...
text: By now we see the plant has opened its vast, cavernous
dialog: mouth and is waiting...
text: CUT TO the Bums outside leering.
dialog: CuT TO Mushnik.
speaker_heading: MUSENIK
dialog: Yes?... Yes?...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 82
text: CUT TO the Girls. They don't sing. They are grinning,
text: looking, concentrating intently...
speaker_heading: MUSENIK (cont.)
dialog: Yes?... Yes??
text: All of a sudden Mushnik falls back and inside the open
dialog: maw of the plant.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (singing brightly)
dialog: ».. It's suppertime!
text: Seymour turns his back. He can't watch what he knows
dialog: will come next.
text: With the force of a hungry shark, the jaws slam shut on
text: Mushnik. CRUNCHING SOUNDS, punctuated by MUSICAL
text: CHORDS, mingle with the old man's SCREAMS. .
speaker_heading: MUSHENIK
dialog: Krelborn!
speaker_heading: CRUNCH; CHORD.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK (cont.)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: CRUNCH; CHORD.
speaker_heading: MUSHNIK (cont.)
dialog: Aaaaaaaggggghhhhh!
text: The girls are now outside the shop and they softly
text: retreat back into the shadows. The two bums cackle
text: loudly at what they've seen and run away.
text: MUSIC makes a direct segue from "Eating of Mushnik"
text: underscore to the cello-flavored "Meek Shall Inherit"
dialog: vamp.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Seymour Krelborn...
text: Startled, Seymour turns to see a slick, grinning TALENT
text: AGENT who has entered the shop.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: It's so nice to meet you
dialog: I'm from William Morris.
dialog: The pleasure is yours.
dialog: You don't answer calls
dialog: So I came down in person
dialog: We're dying to book you on lecturing
dialog: tours.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 79,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) , 82
text: He extends a contract to Seymour who just stands there
text: in CLOSEUP -- thrown.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Yes, darling, we're sending
dialog: photographers Thursday.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK. from Seymour and we see that we are
dialog: in...
scene_heading: INT. RUSSIAN TEA ROOM-STYLE RESTAURANT 83
text: Seymour sits in a booth with an aging but glamorous
text: BLONDE LADY from LIFE MAGAZINE and her creepy, leering
text: male ASSISTANT. They are finishing a very lavish
text: lunch. Seymour has caviar stains on his collar.
speaker_heading: BLONDE LADY
dialog: So get the plant ready and wear a
dialog: clean shirt. Just sign this
dialog: release.
text: She produces a contract.
scene_heading: . CREEPY LEERING ASSISTANT
dialog: Need a pen?
speaker_heading: BLONDE LADY :
dialog: Aren't you thrilled? It's the
dialog: cover of Life Magazine!
text: As if to bribe him, the Assistant pushes an enormous
text: serving of something rich, cream-covered, and cherry-
text: topped in front of Seymour.
scene_heading: CREEPY LEERING ASSISTANT
dialog: Dessert?
text: We are CLOSE to Seymour's dazed expression.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I'm telling you son, it's a cinch
dialog: to get ratings.
text: And CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that we are now in...
scene_heading: INT. A TELEVISION STUDIO CONTROL ROOM 84
text: Banks of television monitors are in the background.
text: The same image is on each monitor: A smiling photo of
text: Seymour with Audrey Two in front of a logo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 84
text: The words on the logo read... “Seymour Krelborn's
text: Gardening Tips." A TV EXECUTIVE, WRITER and FLUNKY are
text: sitting with Seymour.
speaker_heading: TV EXECUTIVE
dialog: “he title is Marvin's.
speaker_heading: : WRITER
dialog: The concept is mine.
text: The Flunky produces a contract and pen and urges them
dialog: on Seymour.
speaker_heading: FLUNKY
dialog: The first weekly gardening show on
dialog: our network!
speaker_heading: TV EXECUTIVE
dialog: And you're gonna host it, you
dialog: lucky kid.
scene_heading: “EXECUTIVE, WRITER and FLUNKY
dialog: Sign!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TYPING POOL - DAY 85
text: We are CLOSE IN on two tall impressive looking mahogany
text: doors. The doors swing open. CAMERA PULLS BACK as we
text: see two men, one holding a contract, the other smoking
text: a cigar and with his arm around Seymour. They walk
dialog: PAST CAMERA and we hold on Crystal, Ronette, and
text: Chiffon in the foreground. They are each sitting at a
text: desk in front of typewriters. In the background are
text: about ten women also at desks with typewriters. They
text: type and bounce in time to the music as the girls sing.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: They say the meek Shall Inherit
dialog: You know the Book doesn't lie
dialog: It's not a question of merit
dialog: It's not demand and supply
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - NIGHT 86
text: CLOSEUP of a chauffeur driving the car. He is bopping
text: to the music and smiling broadly INTO CAMERA as we hear
text: the girls SINGING IN VOICE OVER.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: They say the meek gonna get it
dialog: And you a meek little guy
text: CAMERA PUSHES PAST him toward the back of the limo. We
dialog: see that it is an exaggerated "stretch" limo... about
text: fifty feet long. Over this the GIRLS SING...
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.O.) (cont.)
dialog: You know the meek are gonna get what's
dialog: comin' to 'em
dialog: By and by...
text: CAMERA PUSHES FORWARD to see Seymour sitting in the
text: back seat flanked by two men urging him to sign a con-
text: tract. A buxom woman sits on Seymour's lap offering
text: him champagne. Seymour looks very confused. As CAMERA
text: CLOSES IN on the group, one of them lets money fall
dialog: onto Seymour's lap as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LIMBO 87
text: “\... Money falling in SLOW MOTION in front of Seymour's
text: face as Seymour's unconscious sings in V.0O.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.O.)
dialog: My future's starting
dialog: I've got to let it
dialog: Stick with that plant, and gee,
dialog: My bank account will thrive
text: The green, slow falling money has turned into green,
text: thick, undulating plant vines. Seymour now struggles
text: to disentangle himself from them.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.O.) (cont.)
dialog: What am I saying
dialog: No way, forget it
dialog: It's much too dangerous to keep that
dialog: plant alive.
text: He finally frees himself and runs as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LIMBO 88
text: A long, seemingly endless tunnel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88
text: Through its walls poke dozens upon dozens of hands and
text: vines holding pens and contracts and money and liquor
dialog: bottles and car keys and, bras and panties... all
text: beckoning Seymour as he races past them trying to
dialog: escape.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.O.)
dialog: I take these offers
dialog: That means more killing
dialog: Who knew success would come with messy,
dialog: nasty strings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LIMBO 89
text: A dirt floor. An hour glass sits on a short ionic
text: column. The sand in the top of the hour glass is
text: green, but as it falls and collects on the bottom it
text: becomes red. Tormented and panicky, Seymour races in
text: FROM CAMERA and runs into the distance. He is nude,
text: except for his glasses and his cap.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0O.)
dialog: I sign these contracts,
dialog: That means I'm willing
dialog: To keep on doing bloody, awful, evil
dialog: things
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LIMBO 90
text: All is dark. We follow Seymour who is perspiring
text: heavily and running with all he's got. Suddenly he
text: stops because in front of him is a very large hand-
text: tinted photo portrait of a jaunty, smiling Mushnik.
text: Blood oozes down from the top of the photo.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0.)
dialog: No! No!
dialog: There's only so far you can bend!
text: Seymour whips around TO CAMERA and we see that he is
text: now a plant. He is green, with plant markings. Vines
dialog: are where his arms should be. Of course he still wears
text: his glasses and cap as we PULL BACK and see that he is
text: buried ass-high in a terra-cotta pot.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0O.) (cont.)
dialog: No! No!
dialog: This nightmare must come to an end!
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - EXTREME CLOSEUP - NIGHT 91
text: of Seymour's face as he violently sits up from his
text: cot... perspiration dripping from him.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: cur TO:
text: Seymour, in his pajamas, at the tool chest. He grabs
dialog: the axe.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: You've got no alternative, Seymour
dialog: old boy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Seymour now at the stairs leading to the shop. Half
text: crazed, he climbs them as he sings...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont.)
dialog: Though it means you'll be broke again
dialog: And unemployed,
dialog: It's the only solution
dialog: -It can't be avoided --
dialog: The vegetable must be destroyed.
text: He has reached the top of the stairs. He flings open
text: the door. As it swings open he sees Audrey's smock
text: hanging from it. Seymour's expression softens.
text: Forlorn and heartsick he turns away and with a tear in
dialog: his eye sings...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (cont. )
dialog: But then...
dialog: There's Audrey.
dialog: Lovely Audrey...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LIMBO : 92
text: A promontory on top of which Audrey stands. She looks
text: like a goddess. She wears a flowing dress and wrapped
text: around her neck is a very, very long diaphanous scarf
text: that extends behind her about fifty feet blown by a
text: strong wind.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0O.)
dialog: If life were tawdry and impoverished
dialog: as before
dialog: She might not like me
dialog: She might not want me
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
text: CAMERA HAS PULLED BACK to a WIDE SHOT. We see Seymour
text: standing off at a distance and looking up at her with
text: his arms outstretched. He is Gene Kelly, and she, Cyd
text: Charisse. She runs down and towards him through the
text: dense dry ice smoke lapping at her feet.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.O.) (cont.)
dialog: Without my plant...
text: On the word "plant," Audrey runs past Seymour's waiting
text: arms and falls into the waiting vines of Audrey Two who
dialog: has been just 0.S.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR (V.0O.) (cont.)
dialog: She might not love me
dialog: Any more
text: CUT TO A CLOSEUP of Seymour. He looks up at someone in
text: soft, sad resignation. CAMERA BEGINS TO PULL BACK AND
dialog: UP.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: They say the meek shall inherit.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK AND HIGH making Seymour -look very
text: small. He now stands on a very large contract which
text: covers the entire floor.
text: A hand extends, from CAMERA, toward Seymour. The hand
dialog: holds a contract.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Where do I sign?
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: You know the book doesn't lie.
text: The hand, and arm, have extended about fifteen feet
text: from CAMERA to Seymour. The arm is the Agent's, whose
text: face appears in the extreme foreground.
speaker_heading: AGENT
text: Right on the line.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: It's not a question of merit.
text: CUT TO A MEDIUM SHOT of Seymour. He turns around as,
text: behind him, the Blonde Lady floats in horizontally like
text: Chagall's lovers. She, too, holds a contract.
speaker_heading: BLONDE LADY
dialog: Your pen or mine?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) . 92
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0O.)
dialog: It's not demand or supply.
text: Seymour turns around completely now as a MAN rises from
text: below like a phantom, right in front of Seymour. He
text: holds a pen and contract.
speaker_heading: : MAN 1
dialog: Paragraph nine.
text: Seymour signs the contracts.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: You'll make a fortune, we Swear
dialog: it.
text: The TV Executive pops up from behind Seymour and grabs
dialog: the signed contract.
speaker_heading: TV EXECUTIVE
dialog: This copy's mine.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: If on this fact you rely
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Bye bye. So long!
speaker_heading: LIMBO : 93
text: EXTREME CLOSEUP of a flashbulb popping.
text: CLOSEUP of Seymour. He is being besieged by autograph
text: hounds. More flashbulbs pop. Each flash is like a
text: rifle shot to Seymour. He tries to escape, but the
text: crowd hems him in. It is nightmarish.
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: You know the meek are gonna get what's
dialog: comin' to ‘em
dialog: You know the meek are gonna get what's
dialog: comin' to 'em
dialog: You know the meek are gonna get what's
dialog: comin' to ‘em.
text: We see that Seymour and the crowd are actually in front
dialog: of the shop.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP - LATE AFTERNOON 94
text: Seymour tries to push through the throng.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 94
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: - (they are in the
dialog: crowd now)
dialog: Bye...
dialog: And...
dialog: Bye... :
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Please! Please! Let me through.
speaker_heading: SECURITY MAN
dialog: Hey, get back. They're filming.
text: Security Man pushes him back, knocking Seymour into a
text: surly WINO.
speaker_heading: WINO
dialog: Hey, watch where you're goin'.
text: A scuffle ensues in which Seymour is punched and man-
text: handled by Winos and Security.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP - LATE AFTERNOON 95
text: A CAMERA CREW and TV CHORUS are in the midst of filming
dialog: a spot for "Del Monte Presents Audrey Two in a Salute
dialog: to Vegetables."
text: Audrey stands to one side watching delightedly.
text: SINGERS and DANCERS are doing something silly and
text: Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaderish in front of the Plant.
text: It's bigger than ever and has been decorated with red,
text: white and blue bunting.
speaker_heading: SINGERS & DANCERS
dialog: Who's the best, the beautiful green
dialog: one?
dialog: Who?
dialog: Audrey Two!!
dialog: Who's a Star if ever I've seen one?
dialog: who?
dialog: Audrey Two!!
dialog: Look at them! Those leaves! ~
dialog: That stem!
dialog: She puts the rest to root!
dialog: Yes, who makes photosynthesis seem
dialog: cute?
dialog: Our Au-drey!
dialog: Au... Au... Aud... !
text: Suddenly, right as the Singers and Dancers start to go
text: into a dance break, the Plant collapses.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
text: The vines wilt, the leaves sag, and the pod sinks to
text: the floor. Gasps. A moment of chaos.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Cut! What the hell's goin' on?
dialog: What happened to the goddamn
dialog: greenery?
text: The Director sees. Seymour stumble in the front door.
text: He doesn't seem to notice that Seymour is bruised and
text: disheveled from the fight outside.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (distraught)
dialog: It just... needs to be fed.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: So feed it!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (becoming more
dialog: agitated)
dialog: I can't, not now!
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Then I'll feed it. Where do you~
dialog: keep the plant food?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: It doesn't eat plant food and I
dialog: can't feed it now! Just leave me
dialog: alone, will ya? All of you! Why
dialog: won't you all leave me a... !
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Seymour!
text: (she slaps him
dialog: daintily)
dialog: You're hysterical. They're only
dialog: trying to help.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (coming to his
dialog: senses a bit)
dialog: I know... I know... I'm sorry...
text: Seymour runs to the back door. Audrey follows him.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Okay... Okay, guys, pack it up.
dialog: 96
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD 96
text: The sun is just beginning to set. Audrey discovers
text: Seymour sitting on a trash heap, face in hands. She
text: moves to him.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (sof’."-, to himself)
dialog: What am I gonna do? What am I
dialog: gonna do?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: It's wilted before and you've
dialog: always brought it back to life,
dialog: somehow.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Seymour, I think running this
dialog: place all by yourself is too much
dialog: for you. When did Mr. Mushnik say
dialog: he'd be back?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You know, in that note you told me
dialog: he left you. The one that said he
dialog: was goin' out to his sister's
dialog: house in...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Czechoslovakia. He could be gone
dialog: avery long time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Audrey -- could I ask you
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: : AUDREY
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Just suppose there'd never been an
dialog: Audrey Two and I was just a
dialog: nothing again, a nobody...
dialog: (he pauses,
dialog: afraid to ask)
dialog: Would you still like me?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I'd still love you, Seymour.
text: He looks at her for a moment, then pulls her to him.
text: MUSIC: "SUDDENLY., SEYMOUR" plays under dialogue.
text: guietly and gently.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96
dialog: 89,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Then marry me, Audrey. I'll take
dialog: you to that little development
dialog: you've always dreamed about and
dialog: once we're there it'll be happy
dialog: ever after, I promise. Nice
dialog: little house... nice little car...
dialog: and no-plants. No plants at
dialog: all...:We'll go to Alaska!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: They say it's pretty there.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Then will you? Will you marry me?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (a beat then shyly)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: You will?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Sure!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (tickled)
dialog: Aw, sure!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I'll pick you up in an hour and
dialog: we'll go to City Hall!
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour
dialog: Is standing beside you...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Suddenly, Seymour
dialog: Showed me I can...
dialog: (suddenly, spoken)
dialog: Seymour, we better stop singing.
dialog: I've gotta get ready!
text: As MUSIC SWELLS, Audrey, the happiest girl in the
text: world, flies out of the courtyard, turning back only
text: once to blow Seymour a kiss. He watches her go, then
text: closes his eyes, wishing with all his might that every-
dialog: thing will turn out.
speaker_heading: 96A
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP 96A
text: It's deserted now. Outside, the sun sinks lower. The
text: plant is still wilted and lifeless.
text: Seymour stands looking at it in silence for a moment,
text: then very quietly tries to sneak past it. But just as
text: he gets to the door, a spooky, hoarse whisper stop. him
text: dead in his tracks.
speaker_heading: i AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Under no circumstances.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I will not so stop asking.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Feed me!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: No. No more. I can't take living
dialog: with the guilt. .
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Tough titty.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Watch your language.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Awwh. Cut the crap and bring on
dialog: the meat!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Okay... okay... I'll bring you
dialog: meat. I'll run down to the corner
dialog: and I'll pick you up some ground
dialog: round, how ‘bout that?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Don't do me no favors.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Look, it's my last offer. Yes or
dialog: no?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: . (beat)
dialog: You sure do drive a hard bargain.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Done. Fine. Great. And don't
dialog: think you're getting dessert.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: EXT. SKID ROW = EVENING 97
text: As the sun slips further down, Winos gather and light
dialog: fires.
text: Seymour walks down the street and disappears.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP - EVFN"NG 98
text: Audrey Two emits a quiet, satisfied laugh. It waits a
text: beat and then slithers one of its vines toward the
dialog: shop's counter.
text: The vine crawls up the side of the counter. When it
text: reaches the top the vine goes to the cash register. It
text: pushes down a key and, with its customary RING, the
text: cash register drawer opens. The vine pokes through the
text: drawer and takes out a nickel. It then slinks back
text: down to the floor, goes to the wall, and crawls up to
dialog: the pay telephone.
text: Another vine lifts up the receiver as the nickel is
text: deposited. The receiver is brought up to the pod
dialog: where, if the pod had an ear, its ear would be. The
text: vine dials a number and then taps the side of the phone
text: patiently as the Plant hums waiting for the phone to be
text: answered. We hear the RINGS FILTERED through the re-
dialog: ceiver. .
scene_heading: INT. AUDREY'S BEDROOM . 99
dialog: Her PHONE IS RINGING. Guess who?
text: Audrey sits at her dressing table. Some cheap luggage
text: and a vanity case are on the bed. She is wearing a
text: white dress and is brushing her hair. She hasn't
text: teased it yet so it falls naturally and softly to her
text: shoulders. It gives her the appearance of a heroine in
text: a Gothic romance. She picks up the receiver.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Hello.
text: Audrey Two is heard FILTERED through the receiver. The
text: Plant breathes heavily and obscenely, then...
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (sung) .
dialog: Hey, little lady, hello!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Who... who is this?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (sung)
dialog: You're lookin' cute as can be!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (smiling... she thinks
dialog: it's a joke)
dialog: Is this someone I know?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (sung) .
dialog: You're lookin' mighty sweet.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (smiling affectionately --
dialog: she's sure she knows
dialog: who it is now)
dialog: Seymour.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (sung)
dialog: No, it ain't Seymour, it's me!
text: Audrey happens to turn around and look through her
dialog: window. :
scene_heading: EXT. THE SHOP - AUDREY'S POV 100
text: It is the last blaze of sunset. Across the street,
text: through the shop's window, she sees the Plant...
text: totally alive now. Its vines writhing like a Medusa,
text: its leaves flapping like great palmetto fans, its pod
text: grown to mammoth proportions. It emits an unearthly
text: green glow that spills from the shop onto the street.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (V.0.)
dialog: Oh my God!
scene_heading: INT. AUDREY'S APARTMENT 1o1
text: Audrey is not there. All we see is the receiver dangl-
text: ing toward the floor. We hear an O.S. DOOR SLAM and
text: the SOUND OF FEET RUNNING.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP 102
text: The vine replaces the receiver aS another vine pulls
text: down the little coin return slow. No nickel. It BANGS
dialog: on the side of the phone. Still no luck. What the
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 102
text: Audrey has just opened the front door and she stands
text: and stares in amazement.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: . AUDREY TWO
dialog: Believe it, baby.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Am I dreaming this? ,
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: No, and you ain't in Kansas,
dialog: neither.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I need me some water in the worst
dialog: way. Look at my branch, I'm
dialog: drying up.
dialog: (sung)
dialog: Come on and give me a drink.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: I don't know if I should.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (sung)
dialog: Hey, little lady, be nice.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: Do you talk to Seymour like this?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: Sure do!
dialog: (sung)
dialog: I'll drink it straight!
dialog: Don't need no glass and no ice!
dialog: Don't need no twist of lime!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: All right... I'll get the can.
text: She moves into the shop, cowering along the wall, just
text: into range of the large tendrils’ grasp.
text: In a flash, it wraps around her like a boa constrictor.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: (spoken)
dialog: And _ now it's Suppertime!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 103 |
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 102
text: Audrey screams and struggles. The tendril starts pull-
text: ing her toward the gaping pod.
dialog: Audrey fights for all she's worth, but the vines en-
text: snare and attack her from all sides. She's being
text: pulled ..:xorably toward the pod.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont. )
dialog: Relax, doll and it'll be easier.
dialog: Come join your dentist friend and
dialog: Mushnik...
text: Audrey screams.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: They're right inside!
text: And with one great heave, the vines pull her into the
text: pod itself. The jaws clamp down. She screams again.
text: The shop door flies open. Seymour rushes in and begins
text: prying at the pod with all his might.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Get off of her! Get off of her!
text: He finally succeeds in getting the pod open just enough
text: to pull her out. She is alive, but just barely. Her
text: dress is tastefully stained with just a bit of red.
text: He drags her out of the shop, kicking the fighting
text: vines and branches out of his way as he goes, until he
text: gets her beyond their reach and through the door.
scene_heading: EXT. SKID ROW 103
text: It is night now. The golden glow of a street lamp
text: floods lyrically down on them, as Seymour lowers the
text: dying Audrey to the moonlight pavement, and cradles her
text: in his arms.
text: MUSIC COMES IN SOFTLY UNDER.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Don't die, Audrey. Please, please
dialog: don't die.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (innocently, weakly)
dialog: You know, the plant just said the
dialog: strangest thing just now... It
dialog: said that Orin and Mr. Mushnik
dialog: were already inside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Audrey is
dialog: 95.
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (the ultimate
dialog: confession) :
dialog: It's true. I did it. I fed them
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: -(sweetly)
dialog: And that's what made it so big and
dialog: strong and you so famous?
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (he hates himself)
dialog: I've done terrible things, but not
dialog: to you, never to you.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: But...
dialog: (an idea dawns)
dialog: I want you to, Seymour.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: When I die, which should be very
dialog: shortly, give me to the plant so
dialog: it can live to bring you all the
dialog: wonderful things you deserve.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: You don't know what you're saying --
dialog: transfigured, she's Joan of Arc, Little Eva,
text: Melanie Wilkes -- going out in a blaze of angelic self-
dialog: lessness.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: But I do. It's the one gift I can
dialog: give you. And if I'm in the
dialog: plant, then I'm part of the plant.
dialog: So, in a way... we'll always be...
dialog: together. :
dialog: (sung quietly, with
dialog: her dying breaths)
dialog: You'll wash my tender leaves
dialog: You'll smell my sweet perfume
dialog: You'll water me and care for me
dialog: You'll see me bud and bloom.
dialog: I'm feeling strangely happy now,
text: Contented and serene.
dialog: Oh, don't you see...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
dialog: - 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 103
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT.)
dialog: Finally I'll be...
dialog: Somewhere that's...
dialog: (she reaches toward
dialog: the vision)
dialog: Green!
text: And she collapses. There, in the moonlight, under a
text: street lamp, she:dies in his arms.
text: MUSIC: "The Death of Audrey," a chorale with angelic
text: voices and string orchestra, underscores as Seymour
text: lifts his love from the ground.
text: Behind him, through the shop window, we can see the pod
text: open ceremoniously.
text: ANGLE -- Seymour holding Audrey, pod in b.g.
text: The pod emits beams of light now, plunging Seymour and
text: his dead love into dramatic silhouette. He carries her
text: slowly toward the source of light.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP 104
dialog: The mood is one of Wagnerian splendor. It's Gotter-
text: dammerung, as Seymour ritualistically fulfills Audrey's
text: dying wish and places her gently, tenderly, into the
text: light-filled pod.
text: He kneels, tears streaming down his cheeks, to see the
dialog: act to completion.
text: Audrey slowly begins to slip further and further away
text: from us, into the light beaming from the plant's
dialog: "throat."
text: At last, she's gone.
text: Seymour rises, destroyed, and runs from the shop -- out
text: onto the street.
scene_heading: EXT. SKID ROW 105
text: Seymour finds the first fire escape he can and climbs
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP 106
text: MUSIC: the last notes of the "Death of Audrey" chorale
text: trail off, giving way to TRAFFIC SOUNDS, as Seymour
text: reaches the top of the building, stumbles to the edge,
text: and looks down.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE STRER? - SEYMOUR'S POV.
dialog: _
text: It spins below him, of course.
speaker_heading: T. ROOFTOP.
text: Sevmour takes a deep breath and prepares to jump...
text: When he hears a VOICE that stops him.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.C.)
dialog: Mr. Krelborn...Mr. Krelborn...
dialog: Seymour turns to see -:
text: PATRICK MARTIN, a midwestern businessman in a green suit.
dialog: We will never know how he got there.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Patrick Martin. I'm in Licensing and
dialog: Marketing. I wanna show you something.
text: Seymour turns away and prepares once more to jump.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I'm not interested.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Aah, but you will be. Look...
text: As MARTIN speaks he carefully takes something out of his
dialog: ~briefcase.
speaker_heading: MARTIN .
dialog: .eeel took the liberty of taking a cutting
dialog: from that amazing plant of yours and see
dialog: what it grew in just a couple of days...
text: MARTIN has taken out a tiny AUDREY TWO...about a few
text: inches tall but looking exactly like the real AUDREY Two.
text: It sits in a delightful, well designed container on which
dialog: are written the words: "Audrey Two".
text: Seymour, surprised and uncomprehending, just stares at it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: The design boys made the little pot.
dialog: Cute, huh? Get the idea? My firm is
dialog: willing to pay you a reasonable amount
dialog: to take leaf cuttings...develop little
dialog: Audrey Two's...and sell them to florist
dialog: shops -- supermarkets across the nation.
dialog: Why pretty soon every household in
dialog: America could have one.
text: These last words echo in Seymour's confused and frazzled mind.
speaker_heading: ECHO
dialog: Fave one...have one..-have one..-have one...
text: Seymour shakes“his head to banish the echo. Something
text: begins to dawn on him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Imagine it boy. We'll make a fortune!
dialog: Audrey Twos everywhere!
speaker_heading: ECHO
dialog: Everywhere...everywhere...everywhere. oe
dialog: everywhere....
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This,thing could be bigger than Hula Hoops! -
speaker_heading: ECHO
dialog: Hula hoops...Hula hoops...Hula hoops...
dialog: +... MARTIN : oo
dialog: Whattya say Mr. Krelborn? ©
text: Martin is'giving his best salesman's smile, his eyes
text: fixed on Seymour, waiting for an answer. Seymour
text: looks atthe tiny plant as, unseen by Martin, it
text: subtly turns and opens ité tiny mouth at Seymour
text: in an’ almost malicious, silent smile.
text: Seymour is suddenly possessed of complete understanding.
text: His face becomes a mask of rage and resolve. Without
text: another word he races down the fire escape.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (Shouting) . .
dialog: Mr. Krelbornt Mr. Krelbornt Hey!
dialog: We don't have to deal with you, you know!
dialog: A goddamned vegetable's public domaint
dialog: You ask our lawyers!
scene_heading: INT. THE SHOP.
text: Sevmour bursts through the door and faces the plant, which
text: is even bigger, stronger, and healthier now. It dwarfs him
dialog: completely.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: Every household in Americal
dialog: That's what you had in mind all along,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: AUDREY TwO
dialog: (Its voice now an
dialog: unearthly rumble)
dialog: No shit, Sherlock.
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 99.
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: We're not talking about one hungry
dialog: plant here! We're talking
dialog: about... World conquest!
speaker_heading: . AUDREY 1wO
dialog: You got it!
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: You ate the only thing I ever
dialog: loved! !
text: The plant, laughing, draws itself up to its full height
text: and begins to sing from old-fashioned Rock and Roll.
dialog: takes out
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: I used to hear the people talk about
dialog: That old King Kong.
dialog: They used to say he was the meanest,
dialog: But them folks was wrong.
dialog: He climbed the Empire State.
dialog: (the building ain't that big)
dialog: Shoot, I could climb in half the time,
dialog: But climbin' ain't my gig.
dialog: I'm just bad!
dialog: I'm real bad!
dialog: I'm bad!
text: Seymour is at the counter. He opens the drawer and
text: the gun and loads it with bullets.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: You know Godzilla was a monster,
dialog: He was mighty mean.
dialog: Now, even I had to respect him,
dialog: “Cause the boy was green.
dialog: But when he said to me
dialog: “Hey, Audrey, you ain't all that
dialog: tough,"
dialog: I had to show that leapin' lizard
dialog: I was tough enough!
text: Seymour aims and FIRES at the plant.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: He said "Gad!"
text: He FIRES AGAIN.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: "Don't get mad!"
speaker_heading: And AGAIN.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: (2) 110
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: "Boy you're bad!"
text: The bullets just bounce off. Seymour runs down to the
dialog: basement.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: That's. right, I'm bad!
speaker_heading: BACKUP VOICES (V.O.)
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: BACKUP VOICES (V.O.)
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: So I ain't worried 'bout your biggest
dialog: guns
dialog: I'm just too bad!
text: Seymour returns from the basement with the axe. He
text: tries chopping the vines. Every time he swings, the
text: vine moves and he misses... and he smashes a piece of
dialog: the shop.
speaker_heading: BACKUP (V.0.)
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: BACKUP (V.0.)
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: I'm ten feet tall and weight at least
dialog: two tons:
dialog: I'm extra bad!
text: Audrey Two's littler pods sing backup as the big one
dialog: sings lead.
speaker_heading: LITTLE PODS
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: LITTLE PODS
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 110
text: Seymour tries to get the little pods with the axe but
text: they're too fast for him as he smashes the wall, the
text: floor, the counter.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Go on and bitch and whine and wail and
dialog: curse -
dialog: Too bad! I'm bad!
speaker_heading: LITTLE PODS
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: Bad!
speaker_heading: LITTLE PODS
dialog: Bad!
text: Seymour's had it. He just throws the axe at Audrey
text: Two. The plant catches it and flips it from vine to
text: vine. It gives Seymour a little juggling show.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO
dialog: And if you mess with me,
dialog: I'll just get worse!
text: The plant heaves the axe at Seymour. Seymour side-
text: steps it in the nick of time and it goes crashing
text: through a window. Seymour's really angry. During the
text: following lyrics he throws a chair at the plant. It
text: catches the chair. He throws a small table at the
text: plant. It catches the table. He throws a shovel. It
text: catches the shovel.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: One day I met the Bride of
dialog: Frankenstein,
dialog: (So much for her) |
dialog: Just one encounter and she called me,
dialog: "Mr. Audrey, sir."
text: CLOSEUP of Seymour grabbing the cash register to throw
dialog: at the plant... but it's too heavy for him. But damn
dialog: itl... he's not giving up and... yes he's lifting it!
text: But no. CAMERA PULLS BACK and we see a vine wrapped
text: around it. It's the plant who's lifting it up and out
text: of Seymour's arms.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: So it's a cinch no puny baldy of a
dialog: botanist
dialog: Is gonna be a half a match. for me when
dialog: I get pissed.
dialog: You got it, Dad?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 110
text: The plant is now holding and waving the chair, the
text: shovel, and the table... and the cash register. We see
dialog: it take a mighty wind up, like it's 3 and 2, bottom of
dialog: the ninth...
text: CLOSEUP of Seymour. His m. h is open and his eyes are
text: bulging with fear. He ducks. The items sail through
text: the air and smash through Mushnik's large display
text: window. Seymour :gazes at the broken shards and
text: realizes that instead of him trying to kill the plant,
dialog: Sweet Jesus!... the plant is now trying to kill him!
speaker_heading: _ AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: You been had!
dialog: Oh I'm bad!
text: Seymour tries to get away, but each time he tries, a
text: vine hurtles past him and tears a hole in the wall,
text: sending off sparks from severed electrical lines, and
text: spewing water into the room from busted pipes.
text: Seymour goes to the left, a vine shoots out to the left
text: and smashes through the wall. Seymour goes to the
text: right, a vine careens to the right smashing through the
dialog: wall. Each vine is its own Bruce Lee. No fuckin'
dialog: around. The plant is serious!
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: So come and get me, kid, I dare you.
dialog: Try and make your kill.
dialog: I'll make you sorry you was messin’
dialog: with my chlorophyll!
text: The plant rips the radiator out of the wall sending a
text: cloud of steam spewing into the room. It pulls the
text: radiator apart like it was a toy accordion.
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: I hope you're gettin' close to ready
dialog: now to end this fuss
dialog: These foolish efforts to undo me is so
dialog: te-di-ous.
text: Getting a bit bored with it all, the plant flings its
text: vines to the ceiling and holds on to the rafters. It
text: raises its pot about five fee from the floor and
text: bounces and swings as it sings...
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (cont.)
dialog: See, all your methods are 50 corny,
dialog: And so childish,
dialog: And so undergrad.
dialog: They just an exercise in stupid!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (Cont.)
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: Why not face it Seymour
speaker_heading: Iam
dialog: Baa-aa-aads
text: Audrey Two goes for the big finish: with a gargantuan
text: yank of the rafters it creates an avalanche of brick,
text: wood, and plaster that rages down over the Plant and
dialog: Seymour.
dialog: Before the dust has even settled we hear the . Plant
text: laughing triumphantly. ‘The shop looks like it has just
text: survived the blitzkrieg. The walls are partially demolished,
text: chunks of ceiling have caved in. On the other side of what
text: used to be the shop, Seymour, filthy, wounded, and exhausted,
text: emerges from under a pile of rubble. Dazed, but sensing he
text: is still in danger, he quickly scrambles, rolls, falls, and
text: crawls away from the shop and into the street out of reach
dialog: of the mocking Plant.
text: Breathing heavily and seemingly half-mad he takes the heroic
dialog: stature of a mad prophet or of Kevin McCarthy in Invasion of
text: the Body Snatchers as he shouts...
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: I'll warn fem’ I'll warn tem! I'11 tell
dialog: *em' you're coming! The human race won't take
dialog: this lying down! And wherever.your kind grows...
dialog: whatever you try..-WE'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU!
text: Seymour turns and runs pushing his way through a few bums
dialog: that have been watching.
speaker_heading: SEYMOUR
dialog: (Shouting to the rooftops)
dialog: They're coming! They're coming! Don't feed
dialog: ‘em! Don't feed the plants! Don't feed the
dialog: plants!
text: As Seymour exits screaming, we hear the rumbling, demonic
text: laughter of the Plant in the distance. The bums too begin
text: cackling until we are left with the almost deserted streets
text: echoing with dark, ominous laughter.
scene_heading: LIMBO. AMERICAN FLAG,”
text: MUSIC: A tense rhythm begins which grows into grand
text: magisterial msic--the intro to "Subsequent to the Events".
dialog: 
dialog: 6
text: A hure American flag fills the frame.
dialog: 104
text: It is heavily back-lit
text: making it seem luminescent. It dwarfs Crystal, Ronette, and
text: Chiffon who are posed in silhouette in front of the flag.
text: The girls ceremoniously begin walking to camera and as they
text: get closer and closer Crysta) sings with Gospel fervor...
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: Subsequent to the events
dialog: You have just witnessed
dialog: Similar events in cities
dialog: Across America...
dialog: Events which bore a striking
dialog: Resemblance
dialog: To the ones you have just seen
dialog: Began occurring!
scene_heading: INT. GARDEN SHOP. DAY.
dialog: An ECU of the words "Audrey Two's"
text: fills the screen. Camera pulls
dialog: back to see that these words are
dialog: part of a sign: "Yes! We have
dialog: Audrey Two's on sale here!" Camera
text: trucks by a very long line of
text: beaming customers waiting at the
text: check-out counter each holding one
dialog: or more tiny Audrey Two's. (Exactly
dialog: the same tiny Audrey Two's that
dialog: Patrick Martin had on the rooftop).
text: In the background customers are
dialog: besieging a clerk for more of those
dialog: new, delightful Audrey Two's in their
text: cleverly designed little containers.
dialog: Dissolve to:
scene_heading: INT. SEARS BASEMENT. DAY. . .
text: Close-ups of dozens of hands grasping
text: for the tiny Audrey Two's. A screaming,
text: pushing throng of people are mashed up
text: against a counter behind which are
dialog: hundreds of Audrey Two's. People are
text: shoving, screaming, waving money as
dialog: the sales people do their best to help.
dialog: The frenzy is like that of Cabbage Patch
dialog: Dolls, Pet Rocks, and Hula Hoops all
text: rolled into one. Suddenly we see someone
text: pushing his way through the crowd...It
text: is Seymour. He is unshaven, dirty, with
dialog: Cut to:
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.)
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: Subsequent to the events
dialog: You have just witnessed
dialog: Unsuspecting jerks
dialog: From Maine to California
dialog: Made the acquaintance of
dialog: A new breed of flytrap
dialog: And got sweet-talked
dialog: Into feeding it
dialog: Blood!
speaker_heading: GIRLS (V.0.' Cont.)
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: Thus the plants
dialog: Worked their terrible will
dialog: Finding jerks
dialog: Who would feed
dialog: Them their fill
dialog: And the plants
dialog: Proceeded to grow...
text: plood-shot eyes...as if he hadn't slept for And grow.
text: weeks. He jumps on the counter-top ~
text: kicking off the Audrey Two's and screaming.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE. NIGHT.
dialog: Bedroom of a suburban home, A
text: middle-aged couple are lying in
dialog: bed. All we’see are their feet
text: in the foreground. Between the
dialog: feet we see the T.V. on whict
dialog: The Tonight Show starring Jack Paar
dialog: (or a very young Johnny. Carson). A
text: news bulletin comes on. A newscaster
text: appears and in back of him flashes
text: the word "Cleveland". Then we see a
text: live, on the spot reporter in front of
dialog: a Cleveland building being destroyed
text: by a 15 foot. Audrey Two. People are
text: screaming and running away.
text: destruction continues “as the reporter
text: is dragged off by a'tentacle.° Then...
dialog: Gn the"bedtoom:stiil) after the’ lyrics,
dialog: "And where you-iive™:27a° thick vine’ comes
text: smashing down'on the T.V. itself exploding
text: it’ into smithereens. Two. or three other
text: vines smash: through the wall as even more
text: vines lath out and wrap around the legs of .
text: the people in bed and drag them away
text: Screaming as plaster fells around. them.
scene_heading: EXT, LOS ANGELES.°” NIGHT.
text: The large, famous Hollywood sign
text: in the hills. The searchlight of a
text: hovering helicopter is aimed at a
text: huge Audrey Two as it destroys the sign..
text: throwing the letters into the air...
dialog: leaving the sign to just read: "Ho--woo"
text: while police fire guns and flares at
text: the marauding plant.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW “YORK. NIGHT.
text: Medium shot of the face of the
text: Statue of Liberty as we see green
text: teritacles oozing from the inside of her
text: crown and covering her eyes like ~
dialog: Medusa's snakes. Andther Audrey Two
text: is at the end of her arm enveloping the
text: torch with it's tentacles. On the ground
text: are police search lights and the National
text: Guard firing wp at the plartes.
dialog: The to Ate
dialog: 
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: GIRLS ‘(V.0. Cont.)
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: And began
dialog: What they came here
dialog: To do
dialog: Which was essentially to..
dialog: Eat Cleveland!
dialog: And DesMoinest,
dialog: And Peoriat
dialog: And New York!
dialog: AND WHERE YOU LIVE!
speaker_heading: ‘CHORUS .(V.0.)
dialog: (Singing)’ : .
dialog: They may offer you fortune and fame.
dialog: Love and money and stant acclaim ‘.
dialog: But whatever they offer you:..
dialog: Don}t feed the plants} .
dialog: 
dialog: They may offer you
dialog: Lots of cheap thrills
dialog: Fancy condos .
dialog: In Beverly Hills
dialog: But, whatever they offer you
dialog: Don't feed the plants}
dialog: ot
dialog: Look out! .
dialog: Here comes Audrey Twol
dialog: Look outl
dialog: = '
speaker_heading: AUDREY Two
dialog: Here I come for you!
speaker_heading: CHORUS (V.0.)
dialog: Here I come for
dialog: Here I come for
dialog: Here I cone for
dialog: yout 4
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. NEW JERSEY. NIGHT. CHORUS (V.0. Cont.)
dialog: : (Singing)
text: In the background Manhattan is :
dialog: on fire. In the foreground two or Hold your hat
text: three more Audrey Two's are attacking...
text: a mind boggling mass of leaves, vines, .
dialog: tendrils, and roots...they are lumbering And hang onto your soul!
text: towards the foreground. Suddenly, from ° .
text: thedistance, a torn, haggard figure comes
dialog: running to camera. Crkzéd and totally © Something's comint
text: hysterical he runs up into an extreme
text: close-up...his face filling the screen
dialog: wr Screams... 1, To eat the world whole!
speaker_heading: oh SEYMOUR «2 6) :
dialog: : They're. Herett They" re heret If we fight it
dialog: Runt!t!; THEY'RE HERELLt
text: He’ turns and runs to mid-background We've still got a chance!
text: screaming, trying to help the others
dialog: fight the plant.as we see cars overturned, . :
dialog: broken fire hydrants spewing water, downed put whatever they offer you!
text: electricalilines crackling with sparks, .
text: police and National Guard soldiers firing
text: away, fires burning out of cdritrol in the Though:they're sloppin' the trou >
dialog: distance. It is the end of civilization for you! ° .
dialog: as we know it. Men, women and children...
text: including Seymour...run screaming up to
dialog: and past camera as the Audrey Two is : Please whatever they offer you
text: almost upon them and: us. advancing menacingly, ’
text: inexorably to camera and, opening its.’
dialog: '
dialog: 
dialog: wide cavernous maw it seems to swallow the: - pon't feed the plants!
text: Cameraas it completely blacks out the screen.
dialog: We are left with the horrible sounds of ° us
dialog: ‘ cataclysmic destruction. Don't Feed The Pla-ah-ants!!
dialog: th ope ee te ——
scene_heading: FADE UP: "THE. "END" FOLLOWED By--"2,7L2"
dialog: ont . :
speaker_heading: MUSIC.
scene_heading: CREDITS ROLL.
dialog: Le
dialog: (After last credit...in black...as people
text: are leaving the theatre...a very large, low
dialog: rumbling laugh..)
speaker_heading: AUDREY TWO (V.0. in black)
dialog: Hahahahahahahahahaha!t!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE GEFFEN COMPANY
dialog: Presents
speaker_heading: A FRANK OZ FILM
dialog: gene St, vy
speaker_heading: RICK MORANIS
speaker_heading: ELLEN GREENE
speaker_heading: VINCENT GARDENIA
dialog: With a Special Appearance by
speaker_heading: STEVE MARTIN
dialog: And with Special Guest Stars
speaker_heading: JAMES BELUSHI
speaker_heading: JOHN CANDY
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER GUEST
speaker_heading: BILL MURRAY
speaker_heading: Directed by FRANK 02
speaker_heading: Produced by DAVID GEFFEN
speaker_heading: Screenplay by HOWARD ASHMAN
dialog: Audrey II Designed and Created by LYLE CONWAY
speaker_heading: Choreography by PAT GARRETT
speaker_heading: Film Editor JOHN JYMPSON
scene_heading: Director of Phography ROBERT PAYNTER, B.S.C.
speaker_heading: Production Designed by ROY WALKER
speaker_heading: Special Visual Effects by BRAN FERREN
speaker_heading: Music Produced by BOB GAUDIO
speaker_heading: Original Motion Picture Score by MILES GOODMAN
scene_heading: Line Producer WILLIAM S. GILMORE
speaker_heading: Music by ALAN MENKEN
speaker_heading: Lyrics by HOWARD ASHMAN
scene_heading: OPENING ANNOUNCEMENT STORY
text: WARNER BROS.' "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" TO OPEN HERE
speaker_heading: ON
dialog: The monster musical comedy film "Little Shop of Horrors,"
text: starring Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene, Vincent Gardenia and
dialog: Steve Martin, is set to open here on
dialog: at the
text: Warner Bros. and producer David Geffen bring to the screen
text: the 1986 motion picture adaptation of the award-winning stage
dialog: hit, which was based on the 1960 Roger Corman cult classic film.
text: The film presents an extraordinary triangle involving a lower
dialog: eastside Manhattan flower shop employee named Seymour, his whim-
dialog: sical co-worker Audrey and a plant nicknamed Audrey II--whose
text: growth-rate is surpassed only by its peculiar appetite.
dialog: With the acquisition of the screen rights by the David
dialog: Geffen Company, Geffen's goal was to fuse the elements of the
text: original story and the stage production into its own unique
dialog: entity on film. Winning the Drama Critics' Circle, Drama Desk
dialog: and Outer Critics' Circle Awards as the season's best musical,
dialog: the New York stage production spawned an American touring com-
dialog: pany, a two-year London run, and other noteworthy productions
dialog: in major cities all over the world.
dialog: The Geffen Company presents a Frank Oz Film, "Little Shop
dialog: of Horrors,"
dialog: released by The Geffen Company through Warner
text: Bros. Produced by David Geffen and directed by Frank Oz, the
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: OPENING ANNOUNCEMENT STORY
dialog: monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene and
text: Vincent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Martin
text: and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi, and
dialog: Christopher Guest.
dialog: -wb-
text: “LITTLE SHOP_OF HORRORS"
dialog: - Production Information -
dialog: Mushnik's Flower Shop is the sleaziest floral store
text: on Skid Row, Wilting corsages, dark brown greenery and
text: bums sprawled in the doorway add credence to the deep-rooted
dialog: belief that whatever it is that lures people "downtown," it
dialog: isn't flowers.
text: With business drooping lower than his Creeping Charlie,
text: Mushnik has decided to throw in the trowel and lay off his
text: only two employees, the klutzy orphan Seymour and brave, blonde,
text: battered Audrey. Then Seymour purchases a strange and inter-
dialog: esting plant from an ancient Mandarin during a total eclipse
dialog: of the sun.
dialog: And business blooms.
text: Customers converge on the shabby premises, attracted
text: by the odd potted pod in the window. Christening his prize
text: Audrey II in honor of his secret love, Seymour showers it
text: with mulch, gro-light and affection.
dialog: But, as it develops, there's only one type of nourishment
dialog: that Audrey II craves--and it's not available at your local
dialog: nursery!
dialog: The Geffen Company presents a Frank Oz Film, "Little
dialog: Shop of Horrors," released by The Geffen Company through Warner
text: Bros. Produced by David Geffen and directed by Frank Oz, the
dialog: monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene and
text: Vineent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Martin
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information ~2-
text: and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi and
dialog: Christopher Guest.
dialog: The screenplay and lyrics were written by Howard
text: Ashman and the music composed by Alan Menken, who collab-
text: orated on the off-Broadway and Londen stage hit on which
dialog: the movie is based.
text: The stage hit, which has since blossomed into a
dialog: perennial, was inspired by Roger Corman's "Grade 2" horror
text: film of the same title. Shot in 1960 on an unbelievable
dialog: schedule of two days and a night (largely because Corman was
dialog: offered a storefront left over from another movie), "Little
dialog: Shop of Horrors" went on to become a cult classic.
dialog: It was also notable for the brief, bizarre appearance
dialog: of relative newcomer Jack Nicholson as a masochistic dental
dialog: patient.
dialog: New York theatre critics gave the stage production of
text: “Little Shop of Horrors" a blue ribbon reception. The New
dialog: Yorker's Edith Oliver hailed it as "a musical comedy that
dialog: is both musical and comic... full of surprises and marvelous
dialog: effects." Richard Corliss in Time magazine welcomed "a
text: carnivore with its own intimidating charm" which "envelops
dialog: the stage and (gasp!) most of the audience."
dialog: Winning the Drama Critics' Circle, Drama Desk and
dialog: Outer Critics' Circle Awards as the season's best musical,
dialog: the show spawned an American touring company (which is still
dialog: going strong), a two-year London run, and productions in
dialog: France, Scandinavia, Israel, Japan, Germany, Australia and
dialog: ~more-
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" ~ Production Information -3-
dialog: Iceland.
dialog: With the acquisition of the screen rights by the David
dialog: Geffen Company, the voracious Venus people~trap had
dialog: blossomed thrice. Geffen's goal was to fuse the elements
dialog: of the original story and the show into its own unique
dialog: entity.
dialog: The time-frame, he decided, would remain intact.
text: Downtown, it is still 1960. Here, Seymour Krelborn (RICK
text: MORANIS) toils slavishly for Mushnik (VINCENT GARDENIA),
dialog: who plucked him "as a tyke" from the Skid Row Home for
text: Homeless Boys. In his basement bedroom, where he raises
text: exotic foliage, Seymour pines for Audrey (ELLEN GREENE),
text: the lithe, blonde salesgirl with the Betty Boop voice and
dialog: cinema noir wardrobe.
text: But Audrey is literally a prisoner of love. Her
dialog: steady crush--in more ways than one--is Orin Scrivello
text: (STEVE MARTIN), a biker dentist whose delight for burning
text: rubber is only exceeded by his joy for inflicting pain.
dialog: When he isn't giving root canals a bad name or getting high
text: on his own nitrous oxide, Scrivello spends most of his time
dialog: putting Audrey in traction.
text: One night, in the depths of Mushnik's cellar, Seymour
text: pricks his finger on a rose~-and Audrey II gets her first
text: slurp of RH negative.
text: Audrey II grows. Seymour grows anemic. Audrey II
text: demands more "sticky, licky sweets." Seymour buys more
text: Band-Aids. If Mushnik's prosperity and his exhausted
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -4-
dialog: errand boy are both to survive, fresh blood must be added
dialog: to the floral food chain...
dialog: For director Frank Oz, the challenge of "Little Shop
dialog: of Horrors" was "deceptive." The project, he says, “looked
dialog: simple, but wasn't. If we played it too camp, the audience
dialog: wouldn't care about the characters. If we were too straight,
dialog: we'd veer toward melodrama."
dialog: What evolved was what Oz calls "heightened reality."
text: In opening the stage show to encompass the littered alleyways,
text: decrepit tenements and end-of-the-line elevated train of
dialog: Mushnik's neighborhood, he and Oscar-winning production de-
text: signer Roy Walker created a fantasy Skid Row. But within
dialog: the sprawling set--which consumed every square inch of
dialog: Pinewood Studios' "007" stage (the largest in the world)--0z
dialog: also sought a certain "intimacy."
dialog: "I didn't want to balloon it into a musical ‘War and
dialog: ”
dialog: Peace' or even a big, splashy '40s extravaganza," says the
dialog: director. "There are no dizzying overhead crane shots.
dialog: No irrelevant dance numbers. Nothing to overwhelm what is
text: basically the simple story of a boy, a girl and a man-eating
dialog: plant."
dialog: Several production numbers, however, display amusing
text: affection for film lore. The hollow-eyed vagrants, shuffling
text: through the gutters of "Downtown," recall Busby Berkeley's
dialog: Depression-era classic, "My Forgotten Man." "Somewhere
dialog: That's Green" is a paean to the suburban never-never land of
dialog: scores of movies and ‘60s sitcoms.
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -5-
dialog: Within the “heightened reality," Oz and Geffen gathered
text: a colorfully incongruous cast.
text: Seymour is played by Rick Moranis, one of the Canadian
dialog: ' who
dialog: Second City troupe's non-fraternal "McKenzie Brothers,'
text: breezed through "Ghostbusters" as Sigourney Weaver's randy
dialog: next-door nebbish. His "Little Shop..." role as a botanical
dialog: body snatcher required "more straight acting than anything
dialog: I'd done before," says Moranis. "But the real attraction was
dialog: the chance to sing. Until now, I'd been limited mostly to
dialog: parody."
dialog: Ellen Greene, on the other hand, knew the role of
dialog: Audrey "Like a second skin," having played it for two years--
dialog: in New York, Los Angeles and London. (Time magazine praised
text: her portrayal of "a sweet, sexy, slightly dizzy blonde with
text: an Elmer Fudd lisp, wittle-girl wiles" and a voice that
dialog: “buckles theatre walls.")
dialog: Her character, comments Greene, first came into focus
dialog: during costume fittings for the off-Broadway show. "We went
dialog: through about five wigs before Audrey became a cornsilk
text: blonde," she explains. Next came the low-cut leopard skin
text: dresses, stiletto heels and jangling of the B-movie heroines
dialog: who were Audrey's role models.
dialog: Vincent Gardenia insists that he was chosen as Mushnik
dialog: because "Frank Oz liked my name.”
dialog: The Naples-born actor, who
dialog: began his career as a teenager playing old men in New York's
dialog: Italian theatre, calls Mushnik "a symphony of frustration.
text: He's a man trying to cling to the past despite the depravity
dialog: ~more-
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -6-
dialog: building around him."
text: At the root of much of that depravity is Steve Martin's
dialog: Doctor Scrivello. (Call him anything other than "Doctor" and
dialog: he'll joyfully rip your eyeteeth out.) As the leather-clad
text: “leader of the plaque," Scrivello parks his Harley Davidson,
dialog: "
text: dons surgical whites and bounces from room to room in his "one
dialog: patient-no waiting" office armed with a variety of evermore
text: alarming implements. Martin claims that Scrivello makes
text: Lawrence Olivier's sadistic oral surgeon in "Marathon Man"
text: look like a public benefactor.
text: Scattered through "Little Shop of Horrors" are cameos
text: by several well-known comedic actors. Renewing his Second City
text: rapport with Rick Moranis, John Candy plays Wink Wilkenson,
text: the one-man radio station who introduces Skid Row listeners
dialog: to "the weirdest stuff" in the world--like Seymour Krelborn's
dialog: incredible plant. "Spinal Tap's" Christopher Guest is the
text: first customer to put his money down for a magnetic Audrey II.
text: James Belushi is a huckster with a plan to cross-pollinate
dialog: her cuttings.
dialog: Among the inspired notions of the stage musical was a
text: "Greek chorus" of three teenaged girls who sashayed through
text: the action... in perfect harmony and street-smart cynicism...
dialog: like Skid Row Supremes.
dialog: To find the film's ttio, auditions were held in New
dialog: York, Chicago, Detroit, Washington, D.C. and London. Out of
dialog: more than a thousand hopefuls tested, the youngsters chosen
dialog: for their vocal power and brash energy were 18-year-old
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -7-
text: Michelle Weeks as Ronette, 16-year-old Tichina Arnold as
text: Crystal and 17-year-old Tisha Campbell as Chiffon.
dialog: With the trio assembled, there was still one character
dialog: left to be cast: Audrey II. The challenge of creating a
dialog: plant “like nothing ever seen on this planet," who would
text: talk, sing and bite the hand that feeds her, was entrusted
dialog: to Lyle Conway.
text: An acknowledged animatronics wizard, Conway has worked
dialog: with Oz (and Jim Henson) on "The Muppet Show" and "The Dark
dialog: Crystal," and had designed the enchanting Lewis Carroll
dialog: character for Dennis Potter's "Dream Child.”
dialog: Conway began the project with an "inspirational" field
dialog: trip to London's famous botanical Eden, Kew Gardens. "I felt
dialog: that at each stage of her development, Audrey II should have
text: a distinct look. The 'baby' plant resembles a rosebud with
text: lips modeled after Ellen Greene's. Then she grows... and
dialog: grows more monstrous."
dialog: Conway next turned to the Atomic Energy Authority at
dialog: Harwell, England, for technical advice on creating a core
dialog: which would support... and control... the creature. "The
dialog: scientists there saw it as a game, a pleasant break from
dialog: their top-security work. They were immensely helpful," he
dialog: says.
dialog: "Size," continues Conway "is the downfall of most
text: mechanical marvels, Small creatures are relatively easy.
dialog: Big ones suffer from gravity. Our challenge was to take
text: something twelve and a half feet tall, weighing slightly
dialog: ~more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -8-
dialog: more than one ton, and make it rap and boogie with a life
dialog: of its own."
dialog: One aspect which concerned director Oz was Audrey II's
text: lip synching. "It had to be perfect," says Conway. "Frank
dialog: didn't want big, flapping hamburger buns." To get the right
dialog: effect took as many as forty puppeteers.
dialog: By the time Conway's work was finished, he'd gone
dialog: through 15,000 hand-made leaves, 2,000 feer of vine, several
text: hundred gallons of KY Jelly and 11 1/2 miles of cable.
dialog: ("Just slightly more cable than was used to build the
dialog: Brooklyn Bridge," he says proudly.)
dialog: But Audrey II was only half-alive.
text: Still to come was the character's voice, performed by
dialog: Levi Stubbs, an original member of the Four Tops. Says
dialog: musical director Robby Merkin: "If I die tomorrow, working
dialog: with Levi will get me into heaven. Here's a modest, con-
dialog: summate pro who has been singing for thirty years in a
dialog: group that changed the face of popular music.
dialog: "He can sing anything, any way you ask him. We showed
text: him what the plant would look like and a light bulb went on
dialog: in his head. From then on, he was the plant."
text: Combining the film's diverse elements into a hothouse
text: of horrors began long before a camera turned. The first
dialog: phase of the process was in the hands of production designer
dialog: Roy Walker, an Academy Award winner for "Barry Lyndon," a
dialog: nominee for "Yentl," and a subject of critical acclaim for
dialog: his work with Roland Joffe on "The Killing Fields."
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -9-
dialog: The "Little Shop of Horrors'' storyboards were the work
dialog: of Mike Ploog, who graduated from Marvel Comics (where he
dialog: drew "Conan," "The Werewolf" and "Planet of the Apes"...
dialog: “anything with hair on it") to films like "Superman II" and
dialog: "Young Sherlock Holmes."
text: In creating his imaginary Skid Row, complete with
dialog: "working" elevated train, Walker remained a stickler for
text: detail. Set decorator Tessa Davies was dispatched to New
text: York, on a scavenger hunt to find gas meters, soap boxes,
text: doorknobs, street signs and hundreds of stage props, circa
dialog: 1960.
dialog: The oddest item on Davies' shopping list were garbage
dialog: cans from that era--complete with authentic garbage. ''They
dialog: had to be genuine and they had to be old," she says. "T
text: went around the streets in a truck loaded with new garbage
dialog: cans, offering to trade them for used ones. People thought
dialog: I was crazy. I suspect I got away with it only because I
dialog: was a foreigner.”
dialog: Simultaneously, costume designer Marit Allen was rum-
text: maging through thrift shops, with the same sixties flavor in
dialog: mind. "What helped was that the principals all had a definite
dialog: idea of how they should dress," she says.
dialog: Ellen Greene wanted "clothes that suggested cast-offs
dialog: from Kim Novak and Rita Hayworth. We agreed that there would
dialog: be a point in the story where her image would change. When
text: she falls in love with Seymour, she goes from red, black and
dialog: leopard to softer shades."
dialog: ~more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -10-
dialog: Rick Moranis' wardrobe was designed to "help Seymour
dialog: bridge the credibility gap, somewhere between a nerdy loser
dialog: and a shy, appealing guy." Steve Martin was "discreet in his
dialog: taste in black leather... more Elvis Presley than Hell's
dialog: Angels."
text: Within the complex interweaving of humor, music,
dialog: fantasy, horticulture, set design, special effects, choreog-
dialog: raphy, puppetry and the ultimate threat to civilization, the
dialog: core of the movie is its characters, says Oz. "They have to
dialog: be people you believe in... people you laugh with, not at."
dialog: About the Cast...
text: As Seymour Krelborn, a fledgling Faust on Skid Row,
text: RICK MORANIS moves downtown from the Central Park penthouse
dialog: he occupied in "Ghostbusters." In that #1 comedy hit of 1984,
dialog: he was the party animal who threw wild bacchanals across the
dialog: hall from Sigourney Weaver, unaware that her Mid-Manhattan
text: apartment was being repossessed--by dead spirits.
dialog: Playing New Yorkers of any stripe is no greater sur-
text: prise to Toronto-born Moranis than the fact that he is an
dialog: actor at all. "I always thought show business was for
dialog: Americans," he says with his trademark sly grin. "I didn't
dialog: realize Canadians could get involved.”
dialog: In fact, he began his career as a radio engineer while
dialog: he was still in high school. Although it was only part-time,
dialog: it offered Moranis an unlooked-for opportunity: after con-
text: sistently writing funny one-liners for his deejay friends,
dialog: -more~
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -11l-
dialog: he was given his own show, and soon became a popular on-air
dialog: personality.
dialog: Seguing into cabaret comedy, Moranis performed in
text: Toronto nightclubs, then moved into Canadian television.
dialog: After several years of writing and performing, he was asked
dialog: to join "Second City Television" in its third season. When
text: the satirical comedy show was picked up by an American net-
dialog: work, it not only won an Emmy but also brought Moranis
dialog: national recognition.
dialog: In solo spots on "SCTV," Moranis earned special
dialog: acclaim for his comedic portrayals of such personalities
dialog: as Woody Allen and Dick Cavett, and won Emmys for comedy
dialog: writing in 1981 and '82.
dialog: With Dave Thomas he created the McKenzie Brothers
dialog: (Bob and Doug)--beer-guzzling philosophers from the Canadian
text: north woods, whose goofy antics became an "SCTV" mainstay.
dialog: When the "McKenzie Brothers" made an album, it won
dialog: a Grammy nomination. When they made their screen bow, it
dialog: was as the stars, co-writers and co-directors of "Strange
dialog: Brew"--the top-grossing Canadian film of 1983.
dialog: Moranis has since appeared in "Streets of Fire" and
dialog: "Club Paradise," as well as "Ghostbusters."
dialog: Even though she wanted Audrey to "be ripe enough to
dialog: fall off a tree," ELLEN GREENE insists there is something
dialog: “playful and kittenish about her... she's a child/woman you
text: fall in love with because of her imperfections."
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: "LITILE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -12-
dialog: That Greene knows her character inside out is to be
dialog: expected. She played Audrey for two years on stage--18
dialog: months in Los Angeles and off-Broadway, and six months in
dialog: London's West End.
dialog: A native New Yorker, whose grandfather was in the
dialog: Yiddish theatre, she always knew she wanted to be a per-
dialog: former. Although her father was a dentist, one brother
text: a doctor and the other a lawyer, her education-oriented
dialog: family didn't stand in her way when she started calling
dialog: on casting agents after finishing high school.
dialog: She finally landed a gig at Reno Sweeney's, a cabaret
dialog: club on 13th Street, where she played piano, sang and ban-
dialog: tered... and earned strong enough reviews to move up to
dialog: off-Broadway.
dialog: With the New York Shakespeare Festival, Greene appeared
dialog: in David Rabe's "In the Boom Boom Room," "Sorrows of Stephen,"
dialog: “Wake Up, It's Time to Go To Bed" and "Stage Directions."
dialog: She made her Broadway bow in the title role of "Rachel
dialog: Lily Rosenbloom and Don't You Ever Forget It!" then appeared
dialog: in "The Nature and Purpose of the Universe," "Teeth and
dialog: Smiles" and opposite Michael York in "The Little Prince and
dialog: the Aviator,”
dialog: Her performance as Jenny in "Threepenny Opera”
dialog: brought her a Tony nomination.
text: After making her motion picture debut in Paul Mazursky's
dialog: "Next Stop, Greenwich Village," Greene played Jill Clayburgh's
dialog: friend in "I'm Dancing as Fast as I Can." "Little Shop of
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -13-
dialog: Horrors" marks her third film.
text: When Mr. Mushnik, the flower shop owner, gives Audrey
dialog: some fatherly advice--"A date gives you a corsage, not a
dialog: multiple fracture"--he is simply acting in character. Accord-
text: ing to VINCENT GARDENIA, who portrays him, Mushnik is "a man
dialog: of Old World manners, trying to cope with the craziness and
dialog: cruelty around him."
dialog: A veteran character actor in films, theatre and tele-
dialog: vision, Gardenia was born in Naples, Italy, in 1922, and
dialog: played his first role at the age of five--in Brooklyn, where
dialog: his family settled after emigrating.
dialog: Graduating from juvenile to leading roles in New York's
dialog: Italian theatre, the growing Gardenia was in his mid-30s
dialog: when he began his professional career in earnest. His break-~
dialog: through came with off-Broadway's "The Man With the Golden Arm,"
dialog: the 1954 shocker about drug addiction.
dialog: After enhancing his reputation with "The Brothers
dialog: Karamazov,"' "The Visit," "Death of a Salesman" and "A View
dialog: From the Bridge," Gardenia won the coveted Tony for his
dialog: performance in Neil Simon's bittersweet "The Prisoner of
dialog: Second Avenue." He followed up with roles in three more
dialog: Simon plays--"God's Favorite" (written especially for him),
dialog: "Plaza Suite" and "California Suite." He most recently ap-
dialog: peared on Broadway in the 1984-85 hit, "Glengarry Glen Ross."
text: Interestingly enough, Gardenia, who emanates an easy
dialog: Italian warmth, has alternated between softies and cold-
text: blooded killers in his screen career. He made his bow in
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -14-
dialog: "Cop Hater" in 1958, appeared in "Murder Inc" and played
dialog: mobster Dutch Schultz in "Mad Dog Coll." But he won his
dialog: Oscar nomination for his crusty, kindly baseball team
dialog: manager in 1973's "Bang the Drum Slowly."
dialog: Other films include "Death Wish," "The Front Page”
dialog: with Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau, and "Heaven Can Wait,"
dialog: with Warren Beatty.
text: His close-cropped hair is hidden under a black wig
dialog: that recalls the glory that was "Grease," his sunshine
text: smile is twisted into a sadistic leer, and he handles
dialog: women like Cagney on a bad day. But as Orin Scrivello,
dialog: D.D.S. (Doctor of De Sade), STEVE MARTIN has a role he
text: can sink his teeth into.
dialog: One of the outstanding comics of the past 15 years,
dialog: Martin has won Emmys for his television work, Grammys for
dialog: his record albums, and an Oscar nomination for his screen
text: bow as "The Absent Minded Waiter," a 1978 short film.
dialog: Born in Waco, Texas, he was raised in Southern
dialog: California, where he sold Disneyland guidebooks at 10,
dialog: and did magic and comedy routines at Knott's Berry Farm
text: in his teens.
dialog: After earning his degree in Theatre Arts from UCLA,
dialog: Martin, then 21, entered television as a writer on the
dialog: popular "Smothers Brothers Show" (his first Emmy). He
dialog: soon added such clients as Sonny and Cher, Pat Paulsen,
dialog: Glen Campbell and John Denver to his list, but by the
dialog: late 1960s began performing his own material.
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -15-
dialog: After serving as the opening act for musical groups
dialog: like the Carpenters and the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Martin
dialog: hit his stride through frequent appearances on Johnny
text: Carson's “Tonight Show," and other TV guest shots.
dialog: Expressions like "Excuuuuuuse me" and "I'm a wild and crazy
dialog: guy" became part of the language.
dialog: Martin's career soon encompassed his own television
text: specials, sold-out concerts and gold-plated comedy albums.
dialog: His first two--"Let's Get Small" and “Wild and Crazy Guy"--
dialog: won Grammys, while "Comedy is Not Pretty" and "King Tut"
dialog: sold in the millions.
dialog: With "The Jerk," which he co-wrote, Martin moved into
dialog: feature films in 1979. He has since starred in the innova-
text: tive "Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid," the sci-fi spoof "The Man
dialog: With Two Brains," the provocative ‘Pennies From Heaven," and
dialog: as Lily Tomlin's haunted other half in "All of Me."
text: Martin wears three hats on the soon-to-be-released
dialog: "Three Amigos," including that of executive producer. Di-
dialog: rected by John Landis, "Three Amigos" was written by Martin,
dialog: Lorne Michaels and Randy Newman. Additionally, he toplines
text: the cast along with Chevy Chase and Martin Short.
dialog: Martin is presently shooting "Roxanne," a screenplay
dialog: he wrote for Columbia Pictures. Directed by Fred Schepisi
dialog: and produced by Daniel Melnick and Michael Rachmil, Martin
dialog: stars with Daryl Hannah, Rick Rossovich, Shelley Duvall and
dialog: Fred Willard.
text: Underscoring the dramatic twists of plot and fate in
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" ~- Production Information -16-
dialog: "Little Shop of Horrors" are Ronette, Crystal and Chiffon,
text: a trio of street urchins played by MICHELLE WEEKS, TICHINA
text: ARNOLD and TISHA CAMPBELL.
dialog: All are native New Yorkers, who knew each other
dialog: either from school or from appearing in such musicals as
dialog: "Sing Mahalia Sing," "The Me Nobody Knows" and "Mama, I
dialog: want to Sing."
text: Michelle, who plays Ronette--at 18 the oldest and
dialog: “coughest" of the three--began singing at four and acting
dialog: at 14, She completed a run in the starring role of Emma in
dialog: "The Tap Dance Kid" just before filming "Little Shop of
dialog: Horrors."
dialog: Sixteen-year-old Tichina--whose Crystal is the youngest
dialog: and "most talkative"--is a student at New York's Music and
dialog: Art High School. She began acting at 11, when she appeared
dialog: on stage in "The Me Nobody Knows."
dialog: She plans to study
dialog: psychology at college.
text: Tisha, who plays 17-year-old Chiffon--"the shy one"--
dialog: is the only member of the trio to come from a theatrical
text: family. At 5 she won a car in a talent show, and has since
dialog: appeared in various musical shows, including "Mama, I Want
dialog: To Sing" and "Really Rosie." She is a student at Arts High
dialog: in New Jersey.
dialog: Short but sparkling contributions to "Little Shop of
dialog: Horrors" are made by John Candy, James Belushi and Christopher
dialog: Guest.
text: As radio announcer Weird Wink Wilkenson, JOHN CANDY
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -17-
text: puts his considerable heft through quick character changes,
text: relying on voice and sound effects to fool his listeners,
dialog: It's child's play for the Toronto-born Candy, who
dialog: first gained recognition in television's "SCTV," where he
dialog: impersonated (with devastating precision) such out~-sized
text: stars as Orson Welles, Divine and Luciano Pavarotti. He
dialog: also won two Emmys for his writing contributions.
dialog: Candy made his film debut as an extra in "Class of
dialog: '44," but quickly found his metier in such hugely successful
dialog: comedies as "The Blues Brothers," "Stripes," "National
dialog: Lampoon's Vacation" and "Splash."
dialog: He has since co-starred in “Brewster's Millions,"
dialog: "Volunteers"
dialog: and the recently released "Armed and Dangerous."
text: Portraying a high-powered entrepreneur--who plots to
dialog: get his cut from Audrey II's cuttings--is JAMES BELUSHI, cur-
dialog: rently winning wide acclaim as Bernie Litko in "About Last
dialog: Night." (The character, a crudely endearing sexist, was
dialog: originally performed by Belushi in David Mamet's "Sexual
dialog: Perversity in Chicago," the Obie-winning play on which
dialog: “About Last Night'' is based.)
dialog: Born and raised in Chicago, Belushi graduated from
dialog: the University of Illinois and spent two years with the
dialog: city's fertile Second City troupe before signing on as the
dialog: Pirate King in Joseph Papp's touring production of "The
dialog: Pirates of Penzance."
dialog: Following the show to Broadway, Belushi remained in
dialog: New York for a two-year stint on television's "Saturday
dialog: ~more=-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -18-
dialog: Night Live," then returned to his hometown for "Sexual
dialog: Perversity."”
dialog: After making his film debut in "Thief," he played a
dialog: cameo in "Trading Places," starred in "The Man With One
dialog: Red Shoe," and co-starred as a rock 'n' roll deejay in
dialog: "Salvador."
dialog: CHRISTOPHER GUEST--the customer who gets rose fever
dialog: from Audrey II--is a native New Yorker who studied clarinet
dialog: at the High School of Music and Art, then began his career
dialog: as a National Lampoon satirist.
dialog: After several years of "Lampooning" as both writer and
dialog: performer--59 radio shows, three-Grammy-nominated albums,
dialog: _the off-Broadway hit, “Lemmings"--Guest won an Emmy for co-
dialog: writing television's "Lily Tomlin Special," in which he also
dialog: co-starred.
dialog: As a television actor, Guest has ranged from comedy to
text: drama, scoring as Jeb Magruder in "Blind Ambition," opposite
dialog: Bette Davis in "A Piano for Mrs. Cimino," and in the long-
dialog: running series “Laverne & Shirley" and "All in the Family."
dialog: In addition to portraying reck star Nigel Tufnel in
dialog: Rob Reiner's hit film, "This Is Spinal Tap," Guest has
dialog: appeared on screen in "The Long Riders," "Girlfriends" and
dialog: “Heartbeeps."
dialog: About the Filmmakers...
text: Director FRANK OZ is carving a unique niche for
dialog: himself in motion pictures.
dialog: -more-~
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -19-
text: For Jim Henson's Muppets, he performs Miss Piggy,
text: Fozzie Bear, Animal, Cookie Monster, Bert and Grover.
dialog: As an actor, he appeared in brief but telling roles
dialog: in "The Blues Brothers," "Trading Places" and "An American
dialog: Werewolf in London" before making an overnight folk-hero--
dialog: and Time cover-boy--of Yoda, the wrinkled, lovable Jedi
dialog: sage in "The Empire Strikes Back."
dialog: As a filmmaker, Oz served as producer (with David
dialog: Lazer) on the Muppets' second movie, “The Great Muppet
dialog: Caper," co-directed "The Dark Crystal" with Jim Henson,
dialog: then made his solo directing bow with "The Muppets Take
dialog: Manhattan."
dialog: Producer DAVID GEFFEN, an entertainment entrepreneur
dialog: whose involvements range from records and films to Broadway
dialog: shows and talent management, began his career in 1964 in the
dialog: mail room of the William Morris talent agency. Four years
dialog: later, with agency co-worker Elliot Roberts, he formed
dialog: Geffen-Roberts Management which shortly represented such
dialog: clients as Joni Mitchell, Crosby, Stills and Nash, Neil
dialog: Young and Jackson Browne.
dialog: In 1971, Geffen formed his own label, Asylum Records.
dialog: He later merged the company with Elektra to form Elektra/
dialog: Asylum, which soon became a recognized leader in the music
dialog: industry, with such artists as The Eagles, Linda Ronstadt,
dialog: Jackson Browne, Queen, Carly Simon and Bob Dylan, among
dialog: others.
dialog: In 1975, Geffen was named Vice Chairman of Warner
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -20-
dialog: Bros.' film division, a post in which he was responsible
dialog: for the successful pictures "Oh, God!," "The Late Show"
dialog: and "Greased Lightning."
dialog: From 1976 through 1979, Geffen taught a course on
dialog: the music business at UCLA and Yale University, and, in
dialog: 1980, was appointed by Governor Brown to the Board of
dialog: Regents of the University of California.
dialog: In 1980, he returned full-force to the music industry
dialog: with the formation of his own Geffen Records, with such top
dialog: talents as John Lennon/Yoko Ono, Donna Summer, Elton John
text: and Peter Gabriel on the label.
dialog: The ‘80s also marked Geffen's entrance into theatrical
dialog: productions, such as the smash hit "Dreamgirls,"
dialog: the Tony
dialog: Award winning New York production "Cats," and the Dramatist
dialog: Guild-winning "Little Shop of Horrors." His other notable
dialog: theatrical efforts included "Master Harold and the Boys"
dialog: and the Royal Shakespeare Company's "Good."
dialog: The '80s also brought Geffen's renewed involvement
dialog: with motion pictures with formation of The Geffen Film
text: Company. Under his personal guidance, Geffen's film arm has
text: brought to the screen the controversial drama of two young
dialog: women athletes contending for Olympic gold in ''Personal Best,"
dialog: the immensely-successful Tom Cruise,-starring youth comedy
dialog: "Risky Business," Albert Brooks' well-received yuppy dropout
dialog: film "Lost In America" and Martin Scorsese's critically-
dialog: heralded comedy-drama "After Hours."
dialog: Most recently, Geffen launched the new Broadway play
dialog: -more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS’ - Production Information -2l-
text: "Social Security," toplining Marlo Thomas and Ron Silver.
dialog: HOWARD ASHMAN, who wrote the sereenplay and lyrics
dialog: for the film version of "Little Shop of Horrors,” also wrote
dialog: the book and lyrics for the musical play, and directed the
dialog: original off-Broadway production and its London counterpart.
dialog: A native of Baltimore, Ashman has been associated with
dialog: the Houston, Pittsburgh and San Francisco Opera companies,
dialog: the Manhattan Theatre Club, Princeton's McCarter Theatre and
dialog: New York's WPA Theatre, where he was Artistic Director from
dialog: 1976 to 1982. He also wrote the book and lyrics (with Dennis
dialog: Green) for the musical version of Kurt Vonnegut's "God Bless
dialog: You, Mr. Rosewater."
dialog: For his contributions to the stage production of "Little
dialog: Shop of- Horrors," Ashman received the Outer Critics' Circle
dialog: Award for best lyrics and best off-Broadway musical, the New
dialog: York Drama Critics' Award for best musical, and the Drama
dialog: Desk Award for best lyrics.
dialog: When composer ALAN MENKEN won the 1982/83 Outer Critics'
dialog: Circle Award for his music in the stage version of "Little
dialog: Shop of Horrors," it was the result, he says, of a longstand-
dialog: ing friendship and collaboration with Howard Ashman. The
dialog: pair previously teamed on "God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater," a
dialog: 1979 musical of Kurt Vonnegut's book, which marked Menken's
dialog: first major production.
dialog: It was while studying medicine at New York University
dialog: that Menken made the switch to music composition. Joining
dialog: Lehman Engel's BMI Musical Theatre Workshop, he wrote the
dialog: ~more-
scene_heading: “LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -22-
dialog: music and/or lyrics for its productions, as well as songs
text: heard in revues and cabaret acts around New York.
dialog: After having his career anointed with "Rosewater,"
dialog: Menken went on to collaborate with Steve Brown on "Attina,
dialog: Evil Queen of the Galaxy," and to write the music and lyrics
text: for "Real Life Funnies," a revue based on the cartoons of
dialog: The Village Voice's Stan Mack.
dialog: He is currently collaborating with Tom Eyen on "Kicks."
dialog: The Geffen Company presents a Frank Oz Film, "Little
dialog: Shop of Horrors,"
dialog: released by The Geffen Company through
text: Warner Bros. Produced by David Geffen and directed by Frank
dialog: Oz, the monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen
text: Greene and Vincent Gardenia, with a special appearance by
text: Steve Martin and cameo appearances by John Candy, James
dialog: Belushi and Christopher Guest.
dialog: -wb-
dialog: Seymour Krelborn......
dialog: AUGTEY. Lecce eee ee eee
dialog: Mushnik..........-2-6- .
dialog: Orin Scrivello, D.D.S.
dialog: Crystal. .... eee eee eeee
dialog: Chiffon.........2eee ee
dialog: Ronetteé.........
dialog: Patrick Martin........
dialog: Wink Wilkinson............00: eee
dialog: First Customer....... oe
dialog: Arthur Denton. .---. eee eee eee ee ee ee eee ee eee ewes wae
dialog: Narrator... seen ceee
dialog: “Downtown” Old Woman..
dialog: “Downtown” Bum #l.....
dialog: “Downtown” Bum #2.....
dialog: “Downtown Bum #3.....
dialog: Chinese Florist.......
speaker_heading: CAST OF CHARACTERS
dialog: (in
dialog: order of appearance)
speaker_heading: +eeeeeees RICK MORANIS
scene_heading: tee eeeee .- ELLEN GREENE
scene_heading: + eee+eeVINCENT GARDENIA
scene_heading: seeeeeee. STEVE MARTIN
scene_heading: «eeeee+-TICHINA ARNOLD
speaker_heading: seeeeeesTISHA CAMPBELL
scene_heading: ++++...-MICHELLE WEEKS
speaker_heading: ste e wees JAMES BELUSHI
speaker_heading: see eeeeee ee SOHN CANDY
scene_heading: .+..-CHRISTOPHER GUEST
scene_heading: ...BILL MURRAY
dialog: wee eee eee eee eens rr ...+..STANLEY JONES
dialog: Doo Wop Street Singers.......
dialog: Second Customer... ccc e cece weer e cere e eens
scene_heading: +++++.+BERTICE READING
speaker_heading: see eeeeeeeeee ED WILEY
scene_heading: seeeeeee. ALAN TILVERN
dialog: «....JOHN SCOTT MARTIN
speaker_heading: seeeeeees+ VINCENT WONG
speaker_heading: seeeeeeeeeeeMAK WILSON
speaker_heading: DANNY CUNNINGHAM
speaker_heading: DANNY JOHN-JULES
speaker_heading: GARY PALMER
speaker_heading: PAUL SWABY
speaker_heading: sees eMILDRED SHAY
dialog: Third Customer.........- been eee ee eee e eee MELISSA WILTSIE
dialog: Fourth Customer.......
dialog: Fifth Customer........
speaker_heading: te eeeeeee KEVIN SCOTT
scene_heading: . «BARBARA ROSENBLAT
scene_heading: Radio Station Assistant............- be eet eee eee teen eee ..-ADEEN FOGLE
scene_heading: CAST OF CHARACTERS ....2
dialog: Audrey & Seymour's KidS......ccceccnseeuveccceresevcoeceees KELLY HUNTLEY
speaker_heading: PAUL REYNOLDS
scene_heading: Dental NUE; .caewacsnawangninsn duane wae salen chs + eeeeee.sMIRIAM MARGOLYES
scene_heading: Boy Patient..s.ssseweere CEFATEE 4s ENV R PE A GSO Uh LG UNS oboe oes ABBIE DABNER
dialog: Second Patient..... Se esa career eeere vere rarewne ase ae eecesecccce FRANK DUX
dialog: Patient on Celling.....¢01scsasaneneeane rane ete cbiesemnnete ee PETER WHITMAN
dialog: Girl Patient... veges essceeee vaccine a wens sash veeceea s eee ¢ sHEATHER HENSON
scene_heading: Girl's Mother.......... oe CoN AEP FeS HE bee e-bY Hele eb ey rth ahs ha JUDITH MORSE
scene_heading: Agent...... 4 Fae LAR te SY AE SRNR ng Fore S PaSAaaretay seeeeee+++BOB SHERMAN
text: "Life" Magazine Lady.......ceccecesecescecereseececeeees + DOREEN HERMITAGE
dialog: Her Assistant............ ceeusederens Pee cee e user het enababene KERRY SHALE
scene_heading: Network Exec #1...... oo Ab SF eR Oh CANA EAN EEA Ses sees eeeeee ROBERT ARDEN
dialog: Networld Been! £2 nace cece Cos ¥ ONCE NW ar Ob ee eee es yin eww STEPHEN HOLE
scene_heading: Network Exec £3. scsccesessnssavssagawer WCW rulen saver ewe we ws BOB SESSIONS
scene_heading: Television Reporter.......++00+ Pena re hereta rasa «eae GHAR ty SHANNON
text: The Voice of "AUDREY II" performed by......s-seeee cece eee eeee LEVI STUBBS
dialog: of The Four Tops
speaker_heading: ke EK
speaker_heading: THE CREDITS
text: Directed DYsserssesevccccc ence cen ac asst rnrncencncecene oeeeeee FRANK OZ
text: Produced by....csscccsccccccccevccvervennsccnesosesevseseeeeDAVID GEFFEN
scene_heading: Screenplay DY... eceseeec es eecen ren cec re cescneeeceeseaee sHOWARD ASHMAN
scene_heading: MUSIC DY csccceserereresvccesnccenccanscseeesseeeoeesessse es sALAN MENKEN
scene_heading: LYFLCS DY. pee eee eee ee eee eee esse eee eeees se sHOWARD ASHMAN
scene_heading: Music Produced Dy..ssscecvcenseccvevecerecececececseeeeeses BOB GAUDIO
scene_heading: Original Motion Picture Score by..............2.222022++sMILES GOODMAN
scene_heading: Director of Photography.........22seeeeeeee--+-+++ROBERT PAYNTER, B.S.C.
dialog: Production Designed by... cece eee e cece cece cece scucesceceseROY WALKER
scene_heading: Film EGitorescceccccccscccecccnceccenceenersereesceescees JOHN JYMPSON
dialog: Special Visual Effects by.....---.. see eee ee eee eee eee eee eee +BRAN FERREN
dialog: "Audrey II" Designed and Created by.....e.eeeeeeeeeeeceeee s LYLE CONWAY
text: Costumes Designed by.......cc cece ence cere eee cee ee eceee ce -MARIT ALLEN
scene_heading: Casting DY... cece cece cece eee eee eee eee eeeeeeeeesees+MARGERY SIMKIN
dialog: Based on the musical stage play
dialog: Book and Lyrics by.....cese eee cece eect eee eens ee eeeeeee+ «HOWARD ASHMAN
scene_heading: MUSIC Dy. cece cree sete ence cee c cee nr ener ceeacsceerseveeeecALAN MENKEN
dialog: Production Supervisor for The Geffen Company.............ERIC ANGELSON
scene_heading: Line ProGucere. sce ccsewccceesaseescececeeeeseseees ee WILLIAM S. GILMORE
scene_heading: Associate PLOdUCcerS...sseeeee cere cere ereenserererereesees «DAVID ORTON
speaker_heading: DENIS HOLT
scene_heading: Camera OperatOr.. cece e cece cee cnereeeeseereessE REDDIE COOPER, S.0.C.
dialog: Choreographer.......2 eee eee ee eee eens bee meee nee +PAT GARRETT
scene_heading: Musical Casting by...seesccececcecceeeeeeeeees eJOHNSON-LIFF ASSOCIATES
scene_heading: Orchestrations & Musical Supervision by.....-..+.e5e+eeee+«+ROBBY MERKIN
text: Vocal ALranger....ccecc cece ccc cece cece vee eceeceseeeces sROBERT BILLIG
scene_heading: Music Coordinator......------- eee cece w cere terre eeeenee cJIM HENRIKSON
dialog: The Credits. ..2
dialog: Music Arranged and Adapted by.....
dialog: First Assistant Director..........
dialog: Production Manager. ..seaseeneureee
dialog: Script Supervisor....
dialog: 
dialog: Second Assistant Director.
dialog: Third Assistant Director.
dialog: Production Coordinator...
dialog: Assistant to Mr. OZ....ee
dialog: Casting Director (U.K.)..
dialog: Art DirectOr........eeeee
dialog: Art Director (Models)....
dialog: Assistant Art Director...
dialog: 
scene_heading: + eeeeee+.+ROBBY MERKIN & BOB GAUDIO
dialog: 
dialog: eee e ee eee eee ee «DUSTY SYMONDS
dialog: eevee cece eeeeee ee sDONALD TOMS
speaker_heading: s2eeeeeePAMELA MANN FRANCIS
scene_heading: eee eeeeeeeeeesee+GARETH TANDY
scene_heading: See NICK HECKSTALL-SMITH
speaker_heading: see eseeeeaeees eVICKI MANNING
dialog: eee wees veeeeeeee es VAL DEMETER
speaker_heading: +-CELESTIA FOX
dialog: 
dialog: seen wees eee eee STEPHEN SPENCE
dialog: deere wee eeee see e cence eee eee sSOHN FENNER
scene_heading: Set DECOLTAtOL.cccecscesseccesscees
dialog: Production Illustrator........
dialog: 
dialog: Construction Coordinator..........
dialog: Production Buyer (U.K.) .csecseeee
scene_heading: Production Buyer (U.S.)-...----ee0e
scene_heading: DraughtSpersSonsS....ceeeeceeeecanene
dialog: Sculptor/Modeller. sc eee cence ene
dialog: Model Maker........--.-- .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: eee ecco eee nese eed IM MORAHAN
scene_heading: eee eee eee eeeee ee TESSA DAVIES
scene_heading: .+-+.+.MICHAEL PLOOG
dialog: 
dialog: eee een eee ee ee MICHAEL REDDING
dialog: eee een ease vere ees RON QUELCH
dialog: eee eee eres eee es ees CAROL NAST
scene_heading: eeeereeeeese MARTIN HITCHCOCK
speaker_heading: PHILIP ELTON
speaker_heading: SUZANNA SMITH
scene_heading: eee eee eee nese eeees+-BRIAN MUIR
scene_heading: + +++. MARK WOOLLARD
dialog: 
text: Art Department Trainee......sseeeeee bee e eee cece eee es eUEREMY KARPEL
scene_heading: Focus Puller........... eee ee seeeee+eDANNY SHELMERDINE
text: Clapper Loader........s.-ee eee eeee oe Bee eee eee BOB BRIDGES
dialog: Camera Grip... secccecen cca enaneeee
dialog: Additional Grip.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: eee ee eee eDAVID CADWALLADER
scene_heading: «eeee.s+KEVIN FRASER
dialog: 
dialog: The Credits...3
dialog: Second Unit Cameramen..sescorececerveccerevesees
dialog: Second Unit Camera Operator.......5.65
dialog: Camera Trainee... ..cce eee ee eee e scene
dialog: Sound Mixer...seseeeeeeeee
dialog: 
dialog: Boom Operator... .. eee eee cee ee eeceneee
dialog: Playback Operator... cece eee eee eee ee eens
dialog: Sound Maintenance. .sesecececrseerecece
scene_heading: Video SuperviSor..ccccseesceserccrsccae
dialog: Video Assistant..........- wee meee eee
dialog: Intercom Technician/Video Operator.
dialog: Wardrobe Supervisor.
dialog: 
dialog: Assistant Costume Designer............
dialog: Wardrobe AssistantS......eeseeeeseeoes
dialog: SEAMSTIESS. cee es cease verecscceseecsceee
dialog: Chief Makeup Artist.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Makeup ArtiStieccceccccecccecncececeee
dialog: Chief Hairdresser... ..e. eee eee eee eens
dialog: Hairdressers... cess e cence ececncecnnene
dialog: Production Accountant....eeeeecceenees
scene_heading: Assistant ACCOUNtANt...ceceeeenaacceee
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: veeeeeeeee RONNIE MAASZ
speaker_heading: JAMES DEVIS
speaker_heading: eeeeeeeee JEFF PAYNTER
speaker_heading: »-NIGEL (WILL) WILLIS
scene_heading: eeeeeeee s+ PETER SUTTON
speaker_heading: ee eeeeeeee JOHN SALTER
dialog: wee we ccee eee eSIMON COX
speaker_heading: eeeceeeeeeeRON BUTCHER
dialog: eee e eee ee ees TAN KELLY
speaker_heading: eeeeeeeDAVID SIMONETTI
scene_heading: «++.+..STUART LORRAINE
speaker_heading: ee eeesee eee PAUL VACHON
scene_heading: «eee. .sWILLIAM McPHAIL
scene_heading: «+«.e...DOROTHEA SMYLIE
speaker_heading: SUE HONEYBORNE
speaker_heading: MIKE JARVIS
dialog: te eeee eee ee eJO MEASURE
scene_heading: «--PAUL ENGELEN
scene_heading: «eeeeeeLYNDA ARMSTRONG
speaker_heading: ee eeeeeeeCOLIN JAMISON
speaker_heading: wee eeeee ees 0AN JAMISON
speaker_heading: SUE LOVE
dialog: wee e eee eee eTO GREGORY
speaker_heading: saeeeeeeee ALLAN DAVIES
scene_heading: Computer Operator......---.----eee ewer e ween ern ene +eeeeee+e/ LYNN BOWEN
dialog: Cashier........... see ee wee eens
dialog: seeeeeee ee ANDY ANDREWS
scene_heading: Production Office Assistant.....--....- ---JANINE LODGE
dialog: 
scene_heading: Producer'S SECTetary..cececseveeeeerseccceeesseeseeee ee TESSA BILLYEALD
dialog: The Credits...4
scene_heading: Pre-Production Secretary (N.Ys}ecccseeescccceeecseeessMELANIE WILLIAMS
dialog: Production Runners........-5eeeee---- been cece e cece eee ee es AMES HICKOX
dialog: Unit Publicist.ssccacenceecceeeersece ree cceeeeeeeescerns
dialog: Assistant Publicist.......-..--
dialog: Still Photographer. ....cceeeeeeeeee ee eee
dialog: 
scene_heading: PRINCIPAL PLANT PERFORMERS
speaker_heading: ANTONY ASBURY
speaker_heading: MAK WILSON
speaker_heading: SUE DACRE
speaker_heading: MARCUS CLARKE
speaker_heading: DAVID GREENAWAY
speaker_heading: MICHAEL BAYLISS
speaker_heading: DON AUSTEN
speaker_heading: WILLIAM TODD JONES
speaker_heading: IAN TREGONNING
speaker_heading: MICHAEL QUINN
speaker_heading: BRIAN HENSON
speaker_heading: ROBERT TYGNER
speaker_heading: DAVID BARCLAY
speaker_heading: PAUL SPRINGER
speaker_heading: TOBY PHILPOTT
speaker_heading: MICHAEL BARCLAY
speaker_heading: CHRIS LEITH
speaker_heading: TERRY LEE
speaker_heading: JOHN ALEXANDER
speaker_heading: JAMES BARTON
speaker_heading: GRAHAM FLETCHER
speaker_heading: ADDITIONAL PERFORMERS
speaker_heading: MADELINE ADAMS
speaker_heading: TONY ANTONY
speaker_heading: AILSA BERK
speaker_heading: MARTIN BRIDLE
speaker_heading: SIMON BROWN
speaker_heading: GEORGIA CLARKE
speaker_heading: DEBBIE CUMMING
speaker_heading: MARY EDWARDS
speaker_heading: MIKE HALFORD
scene_heading: PENNY HETHERINGTON
speaker_heading: RONNIE LE DREW
speaker_heading: SALLY McCORMACK
speaker_heading: RUSSELL NASH
speaker_heading: GRAHAM NEWTON
speaker_heading: NIGEL PLASKITT
speaker_heading: PETER ROBBINS
speaker_heading: ANNA SAVVA
speaker_heading: JOHN STYLES
speaker_heading: IAN THOM
speaker_heading: PATTI WEBB
speaker_heading: FRANCIS WRIGHT
speaker_heading: MARTIN ANTONY
speaker_heading: JOAN BARTON
speaker_heading: RICHARD BRAIN
speaker_heading: FIONA BENYON BROWN
speaker_heading: DAVID BULBECK
speaker_heading: RICHARD COOMBS
speaker_heading: PHIL EASTON
speaker_heading: GEOFF FELIX
speaker_heading: LESLIE HAYNES
speaker_heading: HELEN JOANNIDES
speaker_heading: PATRICIA MARTINELLI
speaker_heading: STEPHEN MOTTRAM
speaker_heading: ALISON NEIL
speaker_heading: ANGIE PASSMORE
speaker_heading: JUDY PREECE
speaker_heading: GILLY ROBIC
speaker_heading: DAVID SHOWLER
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS TEMPLE
speaker_heading: DAVID TRAINER
speaker_heading: SIMON WILLIAMSON
speaker_heading: SASKIA WRIGHT
speaker_heading: MARK CHALLENOR
speaker_heading: JOHN WITHERS
speaker_heading: GARETH FRANCIS
speaker_heading: MARTIN KRAUKA
speaker_heading: --SUSAN D'ARCY
dialog: weet eee ee tee ee tee eeenee ROSE BEAN
speaker_heading: «MURRAY CLOSE
dialog: Tne Credits...5
scene_heading: Physical Therapist....cccccseseccccacccsersrsceseccessceesesDAVID ALLAN
speaker_heading: ANIMATRONICS STAFF
scene_heading: COOLdINALOL. . ce cece cece ree were seer rceeeceeacceeeeeee +s BARBARA GRIFFITHS
dialog: Chief Mechanical Deisgners.......... eee cee e cece eee eee eee NEAL SCANLAN
speaker_heading: CHRISTIAN OSTWALD
text: Head of Fabrication. ... cece e ee cee eevee eee eeceeesseseeeeeSHERRY AMOTT
scene_heading: Senior Modeller..cscsssecsecccccccecverssesceserecseeeesJOHN BLAKELEY
scene_heading: SeEMior Painters. ssesssccsccacecscceascevessesceeceeeeceee«DAVID WHITE
speaker_heading: JANE HARDING
scene_heading: Head of Foam Lab... cc cece ec cece eee eee cee een eeeene SUE HIGGINS
dialog: Senior Mechanical DeSign........ cece cece cece nee eeeceeae ee NIK WILLIAMS
speaker_heading: JIM SANDYS
speaker_heading: CHRIS EVELEIGH
speaker_heading: KEVIN HERD
speaker_heading: STUART ROBINSON
speaker_heading: TIM WHEELER
text: Fabrication. .... cece cece eee cece cee eee ease cece ceseees +GRAEME GALVIN
speaker_heading: ALISON DARKE
speaker_heading: GINETTE RUTHVEN
speaker_heading: JANET KNETCHEL
speaker_heading: JOAN GARRICK
speaker_heading: JILL THRAVES
speaker_heading: EVE ROBERTS
speaker_heading: MAVIS TAYLOR
scene_heading: MOdELLErS. eee eee eee e reece eee cere ee ceeeeeeeesevescceecSTUART SMITH
speaker_heading: DAVID HAYES
speaker_heading: GARY POLLARD
speaker_heading: JEREMY HUNT
speaker_heading: JOHN ROBINSON
speaker_heading: PHILOMENA DAVIS
dialog: Animatronics Technicians...... eee nee eee eee seccorereeeeTEVE DONALD
speaker_heading: BRENT BLAIR
speaker_heading: PHIL DABSON
speaker_heading: MICHAEL SCANLAN
speaker_heading: DAVID ELSEY
speaker_heading: JASON REED
speaker_heading: IAN MORSE
dialog: 
dialog: The Credits.
dialog: Animatronics Assistants.....
dialog: Animatronics Plasterers...
dialog: TLAINCES. css eee ee eneeceeeeee
dialog: Supervising Electrician.....
dialog: Best Boy....eereereceeeneeee
dialog: Gaffer (2nd Unit)....
dialog: 
dialog: Supervising Propman...... wee
dialog: Chargehand PropS....seeseees
dialog: Prop Storeman....eeeeeeeeene
speaker_heading: PLOPMEN see eee eee c cence cceee
dialog: Carpenter... ...cee cece ee eeee
scene_heading: PALNteLr..ccececeeeeerereccee
dialog: PlAStELer ewes eeeeeees
dialog: Plasterer's Laborer...
dialog: 
dialog: Stagehand... cee cece eee eens
scene_heading: RIGger.cccccesceececs
dialog: 
dialog: Carpenter (Animatronics)....
dialog: Stagehand (Animatronics)....
dialog: Rigger (Animatronics)......)
dialog: Special Physical Effects....
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ---FIONA BEAUMONT
speaker_heading: ROBERT HATT
scene_heading: seeees-+-DON TAYLOR
speaker_heading: MICHAEL GASTER
scene_heading: +++.+-eJONATHAN WEBB
speaker_heading: JOANNA TURNER
speaker_heading: eeeeeeeeeeJOHN MAY
speaker_heading: we mw reer merece ccwone JOHN SULLIVAN
speaker_heading: «MICHAEL McDERMOTT
dialog: teens «.«DANNY SKUNDRIC
speaker_heading: «eeeKEITH PITT
speaker_heading: »+++BRIAN WEST
speaker_heading: «+GRAHAM EMERY
speaker_heading: CLIVE WILSON
scene_heading: «+.-eJOHN PERRY
scene_heading: .»-JOSEPH MONKS
scene_heading: «e+.+.eTERRY LYNCH
speaker_heading: «RICHARD LYON
dialog: 
speaker_heading: se4eee2eeT0E MOORAT
speaker_heading: «-JOSEPH DOYLE
dialog: 
speaker_heading: eeeeeeee STEVE EELS
speaker_heading: oeeeeeeseLEE TAYLOR
scene_heading: «.eTONY ROBINI
dialog: 
scene_heading: »EFFECTS ASSOCIATES LTD.
speaker_heading: MARTIN GUTTERIDGE
speaker_heading: GRAHAM LONGHURST
scene_heading: Additional Lighting Equipment............. LEE ELECTRIC (LIGHTING) LTD.
dialog: Grip Package. ...-eeveceecees
dialog: Model Unit Supervisor.....
dialog: 
dialog: ween eee eee eee GRIP HOUSE LTD.
text: scene eeeeeeeesRICHARD CONWAY
dialog: The Credits...7
dialog: Assistant Director...
dialog: Script Supervisor....
dialog: Cameraman....-.e-seeee
dialog: Camera Operator......
dialog: Focus Puller.......+.
dialog: Clapper Loader.......
dialog: Grip...-..-.ee- eee
dialog: Model Technicians....
dialog: Model Makers....
dialog: 
dialog: Sculptor........
dialog: 
dialog: eee e weer were r esr e sete esesoessessnvesveelIM REED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Senior Effects Technician,
dialog: Special Effects Assistant.
dialog: General Assistant.........
dialog: RUMNNEL eo eens esr e ever vcore nnae
dialog: Video Operator...
dialog: 
dialog: First Assistant Film Editor...... .
dialog: Second Assistant Editor.....
dialog: ADR Editor... ee cece neeeee
dialog: ADR Assistant. ..ccsseccccees
dialog: Sound Effects Supervisor.....
dialog: Assistant Sound Editor......
dialog: Visual Effects Editors..eee.
dialog: Effects Assistant....
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: «.+ANNE WOTTON
dialog: 
scene_heading: see e ee eee eeeeees+PAUL WILSON, B.S.C.
dialog: wee eee ee eee ee cece nee eee JOHN MORGAN
scene_heading: eee eee eee eee eeeeee eJONATHAN TAYLOR
scene_heading: wee eee eee eee eee eee -/-NIGEL STONE
scene_heading: ...TED JAFFREY
dialog: 
dialog: eee e ee ene eee eee veesss eBOB HOLLOW
speaker_heading: MARTIN GANT
speaker_heading: DAVID McCALL
speaker_heading: STEPHEN HAMILTON
scene_heading: «..+.TERRY REED
speaker_heading: JIM MACHIN
dialog: 
speaker_heading: sew eaee KEITH SHORT
scene_heading: see eee eee eee eee CHRISTINE OVERS
dialog: eee meee ene e eee enenee TIM WILLIS
dialog: ee ee ee ete ee eer ee eee eee ee s KAYE MOSS
dialog: seer eee ee sae eeeeeee eee sMARTIN MERCER
scene_heading: «eeee.-CHRIS KENNY
dialog: 
scene_heading: wee eee oeeeee-e WILLIAM WEBB
speaker_heading: ++++JONATHAN LUCAS
dialog: 
dialog: we eee wee ewww ee eee eee es BOB RISK
dialog: weer ee eee eee eee ee ee eee sSTEFNA SMAL
scene_heading: seeeee--.RON DAVIS
dialog: 
dialog: nec e ee ee eee eee nee eee COLIN WILSON
speaker_heading: eeeeeeeDEREK TRIGG
speaker_heading: BOB GAVIN
dialog: 
dialog: .».»+BEN PALMER
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: The Credits. .
dialog: Assistant Editors (L.A.)....s.se06
dialog: Post Production Coordinator (L.A.)
dialog: Music EditoOrsS....... cece cece ee eeee
dialog: Assistant Music Editor........5505
dialog: Music Pre-Recording (London)......
dialog: Engineer...... emer e ne ee en eww eens
dialog: Assistant Engineer... cece eee e eres
dialog: Music Assistants.....
dialog: 
dialog: Music Pre-Recording (Los Angeles
dialog: ENGin€ereseceeccecee cece nnnee
dialog: Assistant EngineerS.ressscusseseee
dialog: Additional Overdubs...........0005
scene_heading: Music ASSiStANtS...eeeeesseseeeeee
dialog: Original Score Recording..........
dialog: Engineer........... area ira
dialog: Orchestra Contractor.......eeesees
dialog: OrchestratiOnS....ervveerreseeeees
dialog: Music Copyingesssssssesessaseseece
dialog: Re-Recording Mixers........ eee eae
scene_heading: RECOLdiStS...eeeecer seve cece ececns
dialog: 
scene_heading: sees eeseeeese LOUISE HOGARTH
speaker_heading: LISA DORNEY
speaker_heading: REBECCA EINFELD
dialog: 
dialog: wee eeeeeeeeeeeeDENISE FROST
scene_heading: eee ee eee eee sNANCY FOGARTY
scene_heading: CHRISTOPHER KENNEDY
dialog: we eeeeeeeeceeee ANDREW GLEN
scene_heading: seeeeeeees- ADVISION LIMITED
scene_heading: eee ees eee eee eeee DAVID JACOB
scene_heading: tee ee eeeeeeeeeceee eMARTIN O'DONNELL
scene_heading: tee e ee eaeseeeeeees PAULINE MCGEE
speaker_heading: CLAIRE IBBOTSON
speaker_heading: JOANNA HART
scene_heading: «HOLLYWOOD SOUND RECORDERS, INC.
dialog: pee e ence eeseneeccee es TONY D'AMICO
dialog: pete e cee wee ee eee eee ee ee sDANIEL REED
speaker_heading: SCOTT MacPHERSON
text: sec ceee see eee a eeeeeeeeeeeROBERT ASH
speaker_heading: »+++BOB SUTTON
speaker_heading: ROBERT SOBO
speaker_heading: SUZAN (KAPNER) MANN
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: eee eee eee eeee ee RECORD PLANT, INC.
dialog: 
scene_heading: eee eee eee e eee e eee JOEL MOSS
dialog: peewee ee eee eae seeee+.+.-CARL FORTINA
dialog: eee wwe eee eee eeee ee THOMAS PASATIERI
dialog: ee ee ee eee eee ee cee eee ROBERT BORNSTEIN
scene_heading: «+.....-ROBERT W. GLASS, JR.
speaker_heading: STEVE MASLOW
speaker_heading: KEVIN O'CONNELL
dialog: 
dialog: ween cc ewes n eens ««-.--GARY RITCHIE
speaker_heading: BOBBY NICHOLS
dialog: The Credits.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Negative Cutter... +++++DONAH BASSETT
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Color Timer... . cee cece cece cece eee ence cence see eeeeeeeeeDICK RITCHIE
text: Special Visual Effects by ASSOCIATES & FERREN, New York
scene_heading: Project Coordination. .... 2. ee cece ee cece eee ee ee ee eaee +.-JAMES N. SHELLY
speaker_heading: SUSAN COURSEY
speaker_heading: SUSAN LeBER
speaker_heading: DAVID McDONOUGH
scene_heading: +eeeeeeee es ROBERT C. FRANCIS
scene_heading: CHESTER T. HARTWELL
scene_heading: JOHN C. HUNTINGTON III
dialog: ElectronicS........0.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Optical Effects... eee cee eee eee eee eee »--ROBERT ROWOHLT
speaker_heading: JOHN ALAGNA
speaker_heading: BOB BUCKLES
speaker_heading: SANFORD DUKE
speaker_heading: MITCH WILSON
speaker_heading: »oeeePHILLIP CULLUM
speaker_heading: KINNERETH ELLENTUCK
speaker_heading: ROBERT KOHUT
speaker_heading: LARS PEDERSON
speaker_heading: PAUL PRATT
speaker_heading: ALAN D. WEBB
dialog: Systems Support.
dialog: 
scene_heading: eee eee eee eee eee CHARLES F. HARRISON
speaker_heading: OTTO LEICHLITER
speaker_heading: JOHN A. FRITH
speaker_heading: MELISSA RICE
speaker_heading: KEN WISNER
dialog: Motion Control...
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: Graphics & Animation.... 0. cece eee reece eee eeesecessesceeeseeDICK RAUH
speaker_heading: PETER WALLACH
speaker_heading: VALERIE BAIAEDI
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS BAUM
scene_heading: MICHAEL N. CAPUTO
speaker_heading: BRADEN CLARY
speaker_heading: MICHAEL FAERMAN
scene_heading: GREGORY M. HARKER
speaker_heading: DENNIS JORDAN
speaker_heading: JOE LAUDATI
speaker_heading: DON POYNTER
speaker_heading: MICHAEL SULLIVAN
speaker_heading: MICHAEL TABACCO
speaker_heading: MICHAEL VENTRESCO
speaker_heading: BRIAN WATERSON
scene_heading: VINCENT N. YACENDA
dialog: 
dialog: The Credits...10
dialog: Robin Animation.....- eee ewe eeeeeeeeePETER CHIANG
scene_heading: OPTICAL FILM EFFECTS LTD.
dialog: Levi Stubbs' appearance
dialog: Courtesy of Motown Records
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: "I LOVE LUCY" courtesy of CBS Inc., and Viacom Enterprises
scene_heading: "HOWDY DOODY" (R) (c) courtesy of National Broadcasting Company, Inc.
dialog: "LIFE" title and format used with permission of Time Incorporated
dialog: Special Thanks to
speaker_heading: HORTICULTURE MAGAZINE
scene_heading: BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS
speaker_heading: TV GUIDE MAGAZINE
speaker_heading: PAUL DOOLEY
dialog: and
speaker_heading: ROBIN 02
dialog: Filmed entirely at
scene_heading: PINEWOOD STUDIOS LTD.
dialog: Iver Heath, Buckinghamshire, England
dialog: Re-Recorded at
scene_heading: THE GOLDWYN SOUND FACILITY
dialog: Warner Hollywood Studios
speaker_heading: Lenses and PANAFLEX (R) Camera by PANAVISION (R)
speaker_heading: Color by TECHNICOLOR (R)
speaker_heading: Title Design by BRAN FERREN
speaker_heading: DOLBY (DD) STEREO in Selected Theatres
dialog: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Available on
scene_heading: GEFFEN RECORDS, CASSETTES & COMPACT DISCS
scene_heading: A GEFFEN COMPANY RELEASE
scene_heading: Distributed by WARNER BROS., INC. (WB),
dialog: a Warner Communications Company
dialog: 
