dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGANS RUN
dialog: Screenplay By
dialog: David Zelag Goodman
dialog: Producer:
dialog: Saul David
dialog: Director:
dialog: Michael Anderson
dialog: Production Design:
dialog: Dale Hennesy
dialog: Revised :
dialog: April 30, 1975
text: PLEASE NOTE THE CRYSTAL WILL BE USED IN THE
text: LEFT HAND OF ALL CHARACTERS.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: BEFORE AND DURING TITLES
scene_heading: 1		EXT. - SKY NIGHT
text: The moon and stars are visible, but as CAMERA looks down, the SCREEN
text: fills with dark, billowing clouds. CAMERA moves into the clouds and
text: just as they blank out the SCREEN, a distant shimmer of light
text: becomes visible. Moving toward it, the shimmer becomes
scene_heading: 2		EXT. - DOME OF GLASS - NIGHT
text: A glowing but not transparent structure stretching off into the
text: clouds that press it. CAMERA continues to move in until the
text: detailed structural webbing of the dome fills the SCREEN and then
text: CAMERA MOVES THROUGH IT and we see
scene_heading: 3		EXT. - THE CITY - DAY
text: Shining below the dome (which we now see as a series of dome-like
text: structures standing off without end) -a marvelous crystalline city
text: of great openness, building clusters, green plazas, fountains...
text: multi-leveled but human scale, crisscrossed by the flickering clear
text: tubes of the MAZE- CARS.
scene_heading: 4		CLOSER ANGLE - ROOFTOPS
text: As a MAZE-CAR slides softly to a stop.
scene_heading: 5		ROOFTOP - THE RUNNER
text: The hatch opens and a MAN in a hurry leaves the maze-car and runs
text: swiftly along the rooftop and disappears into an open elevator
text: which instantly starts to descend.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 6		INT - RESIDENCE PLAZA - THE ELEVATOR
text: From a busy courtyard below we watch the elevator slide down from a
text: great height. As it reaches the courtyard the RUNNER darts out,
text: pushes into the crowd.
speaker_heading: 7 		OUT
scene_heading: 8		WITH THE RUNNER
text: As he reappears around a corner, skirts a brimming pool and makes
text: for a kind of broad corridor which seems to lead out of the
text: courtyard. He is moving even faster now, glancing back as if he
dialog: fears pursuit.
scene_heading: 9		ANOTHER ANGLE - CORRIDOR
text: Above, at the railing of an oval light well, dressed in black and
text: silver, a figure holding an odd looking weapon lazily in one hand
text: -- and watching. It is FRANCIS.
scene_heading: 10		WITH THE RUNNER
text: Moving rapidly down the corridor, he suddenly stops as if feeling
text: the presence above. He looks up, sees the SANDMAN and his face
text: breaks in terror. He wheels, frantic, screaming, runs back into the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: 11		THE SANDMAN (FRANCIS)
text: Vaulting the rail, dropping lightly to ground level, weapon poised.
speaker_heading: 12		P.O.V.
text: The crowd melting, parting to reveal the Runner backed against the
text: pool. People are YELLING, shaking their fists, terribly excited and
dialog: fearful.
speaker_heading: 13		THE SANDMAN
text: Emotionless. Aims. Fires.
scene_heading: 14		THE RUNNER - CLOSE
text: Seeming to burst aflame in the LENS, then slipping BELOW FRAME to
text: reveal Francis sauntering forward, holstering his weapon. The crowd
text: closing in behind him, applauding, congratulating him.
speaker_heading: 15		THE SANDMAN
text: Arriving at the pool where the body lies, half immersed. He leans
text: over, lifts the right hand from the water, revealing a palm with a
text: black flowercrystal shape in it. He lets the hand fall back now as
text: the crowd CHEERS and APPLAUDS him.
scene_heading: 16		EXTREME CLOSE UP - HAND - IN THE WATER - (INSERT)
text: Closing in until the crystal fills the SCREEN.
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: (TITLES END)
scene_heading: 17		CLOSE UP - CRYSTAL - (INSERT)
text: Clear, sparkling, flower-like. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal
scene_heading: 18		INT. - NURSERY CORRIDOR
text: The crystal is in the hand of a sleeping INFANT who is behind glass
text: in one of many cubicles. Standing outside, looking in, LOGAN, dimly
text: lit in the soft glow of the cubicle where the sleeping infant
text: lies, swaddled and coccooned in the rosy auto-tender which caters
text: to the baby's every need. Faint MUSIC bubbles like distant
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: 19		OUT
speaker_heading: 19X1		LOGAN
text: Logan is twenty-five, strong, virile (yet sensitive) with a kind of
text: austere grace.
text: He is somewhat manic...proud...as he peers through the nursery
text: window into a kind of foam cocoon which cradles THREE SLEEPING
text: INFANTS. Logan is KNOCKING on the soundless glass.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Wake up...come on, Logan-6.
speaker_heading: 19X2		FRANCIS
dialog: entering .
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (shaking
text: his head in mild, mocking
dialog: disbelief)
dialog: You are here. I couldn't
dialog: believe it when they told me.
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN (still knocking
dialog: on the soundless glass)
dialog: Turn this way.
dialog: (as one of the infants
text: stirs, smiles, bubbles)
dialog: No, no...not you...YOU!
dialog: 
text: Francis tries to pull Logan away from the window, but Logan is
text: intent on waking one of the infants.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You should've seen me take my
dialog: last Runner...perfect.
dialog: (Logan continues to pound the
dialog: soundless glass)
dialog: I backed him up against a residence
dialog: pool and when he terminated...his
dialog: hand...
text: (breaks off as Logan
dialog: is paying no attention)
dialog: So now you've seen him...what's
dialog: the difference awake or asleep?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (to infant)
dialog: Open your eyes once, idiot.
dialog: (to Francis)
dialog: It's not every day that a Sandman
dialog: son is born. I'm telling you,
dialog: Francis - that's him!
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Maybe, maybe not. What's the
dialog: difference? Come on, Logan,
dialog: let's get out of here before
dialog: everybody finds out.
text: But Logan isn't moving. Francis gets an idea.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Okay...you really want to wake
dialog: him up?
text: Francis starts to pry at the Panel...knowing it will sound an
speaker_heading: ALARM.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Hey, cut that out !
text: Too late: There is a SOUND OF ALARM CHIMES. The area in which they
text: stand is bathed in a violet glow. Logan grabs Francis firmly and
text: stops him from prying at the panel:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Now you've done it...
text: The CHIMES STOP...but the glow continues, a metallic VOICE is heard:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Break-in scanners report intrusion,
dialog: identify.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Logan-5...Francis-7, authorized duty
text: quadrant. Intrusion accidental.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Clear Logan-5 and Francis-7.
text: The violet light goes off.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (with affection:
dialog: to Logan)
dialog: Had enough?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (looking at the infant)
text: Even the alarm didn't wake him.
dialog: As Francis starts out:
speaker_heading: LOGAN (one last look;
dialog: joining Francis)
dialog: All right, Francis...I'm with you.
text: They move off down the corridor...the lights behind them DIMMING as
text: they pass cubicles suffused with soft pink light, CHILDREN
dialog: automatically tended.
text: CHIMES...soft. A lullaby and a soothing impersonal VOICE.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sleep time...go to sleep.
dialog: Sleeping time, little ones.
text: As they exit Nursery...Logan stops and takes one final look
dialog: backward.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You need a lift. Let's go
dialog: to Arcade and celebrate...
dialog: (teasing tone)
dialog: your alert successor...Logan-6.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Has anyone ever broken in to
dialog: where the babies are?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
text: (putting a card key into a door
dialog: which opens soundlessly)
dialog: Not in my time...
text: They move through the door which closes.
scene_heading: 20		EXT. - MAZE STATION - NIGHT
text: They are now on a kind of enclosed platform with widely spaced
text: doorways, each glowing faintly. They pause, waiting.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (peering
dialog: at Logan curiously)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: just wondered...what happens?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (shrugs)
dialog: Dunno...flameout maybe. Whatever
dialog: happens, you can bet it's final.
dialog: But who would want to find out?
text: One of the doorways brightens and the word ARCADE _ appears on it.
text: The two men move to the spot as a maze-car stops. They enter it
text: through the doorway which dims behind them as the maze-car WHOOSHES
text: softly off into a kind of twilight.
scene_heading: 21		INT. - MAZE-CAR - LOGAN AND FRANCIS
text: The door slides shut. They sink into seat forms which yield to them.
text: They move off.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 22		EXT. - MAZE- CAR
text: Moving through the city at terrific speed. Giving us glimpses of the
text: city as it goes. slowing finally as we see:
scene_heading: 23		THE CITY - FEATURING ARCADE
text: Brightly lit, garish. We get only a glimpse as the maze-car
text: disappears into a tunnel.
scene_heading: 24		MAZE-CAR STATION - ARCADE
text: As the maze-car stops, opens and Logan and Francis exit into a
text: gathering CROWD.
scene_heading: 25		FULL SHOT - ARCADE
text: Glittering, crowded. Throngs of people moving on many levels, some
dialog: walking, some on moving platforms. It's The Great White Way, Luna
text: Park -- you name it. Gaudy booths and entrances, featuring every
text: delight -- too much to take in at a glance.
scene_heading: 26		WITH LOGAN AND FRANCIS
text: As they thread their way through a crowd which admires them when it
text: notices them, across halls and up moving platforms, the good-natured
dialog: argument continuing...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: but you don't know, you Just
dialog: say what everyone says. One for
dialog: one. One for one."
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Well, why no!? That's exactly how
dialog: everything works. How else could
dialog: the city stay in balance -You have
dialog: a better idea?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN (laughs)
dialog: No, but at least I wonder sometimes --
dialog: instead of doing that "one for one" song
dialog: of yours. You sound like a sleepteacher
text: With a stuck tape.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Well the minute you get a better
dialog: idea you can stop wondering.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, Logan -- you wonder
dialog: a lot. Too much for a Sandman
text: They are passing the facade of a Relive Shop The signs urging people
text: to: RELIVE YOUR MOST PRECIOUS MEMORIES. DO IT AGAIN AND AGAIN!
text: REFRESH AND RENEW ANYTIME!!
dialog: 
text: As they cross the entrance, two men come out, grinning broadly,
text: falling into step just ahead of Logan and Francis. Then one of the
text: men stops abruptly, almost colliding with them. He mumbles an
text: apology and starts back to RELIVE.
text: As he disappears into the RELIVE SHOP, his friend shrugs cheerfully
text: to Logan and Francis and moves on.
scene_heading: 27		ARCADE - ANOTHER ANGLE - NEW YOU
text: They are moving past a shop called NEW YOU #483 when a man comes
text: cannonading out, thrilled and excited. He rushes over to a pretty
text: young woman who has been eying Logan and Francis, plants himself in
text: front of her with his hands framing his face.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Well? How do you like it?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (critically)
dialog: I don't know. The cheeks maybe...
dialog: look a little -
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Cheeks? Cheeks? Right. Too much,
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Too little.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Too little?
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: Too little. Okay, wait for me.
text: And he darts back into NEW YOU #483. The woman shrugs, glances
text: around, smiles and goes off with a passer-by.
scene_heading: 28		ARCADE - ANOTHER ANGLE - LOVE SHOP
text: Signs promising LOVE, FULFILLMENT, RARE DELIGHTS. People streaming
text: in and out. A woman comes out looking glazed, breathing
text: "yes...yes..." As she passes CAMERA Logan and Francis emerge from
text: the crowd and CAMERA moves with them.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Did you ever see Francis-8?
dialog: FRANCIS (shaking his head)
dialog: I never even visited Nursery before
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When you wonder, it slows you up --
dialog: you know?
text: They are now passing the facade of HALLUCIMILL where the signs
text: promise: LIFT OFF, CRAZY LIFT, SUPER LIFT...here the people going
text: in are simply excited but the ones coming out are clearly stoned
dialog: out of their minds...
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I don't know what makes you so curious.
dialog: You have any idea who his seed-mother was?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (quickly)
dialog: Of course not! I m curious, not sick.
dialog: (laughs)
text: The crowd is growing denser, funneling into a kind of passageway.
text: Logan and Francis are swallowed up in the group.
scene_heading: 29		FULL SHOT - ARCADE GREAT HALL
text: An immense room into which the streams of people coming from the
text: entertainment area are mingling. There is a general air of
text: anticipation stirring the crowd as CAMERA singles out Logan and
text: Francis entering, waving to friends. CAMERA closes in on them just
text: as they reach a beautiful woman who is obviously pleased to see
text: Francis. They embrace, and as they break:
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: and that's my friend, Logan.
dialog: (as she acknowledges
dialog: the introduction)
dialog: We're celebrating his next in line.
dialog: Carousel - Arcade - who knows?
dialog: Want to come along?
text: WOMAN (smiles, shakes her head)
dialog: Only if I make it to the top of
dialog: Carousel.
dialog: (she holds up her hand)
dialog: Thirty -- and the big spin.
text: In her palm the crystal blinks, red, black. Francis nods, gives her
text: a half-squeeze.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You're thirty -- already? I always
dialog: thought I was older than you -
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, give it a good try.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (pleasantly)
dialog: You know I always have.
text: Another beautiful WOMAN joins them.
speaker_heading: 2ND WOMAN (to the first)
dialog: Sorry I won't be at Carousel tonight.
dialog: It¹s my Love-Shop turn.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That's all right. Happy turn.
speaker_heading: 2ND WOMAN
dialog: You'll renew. I've got a feeling.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (smiles)
dialog: So do I...but if I don't at least I'll
dialog: have the ultimate thrill. I'd almost
dialog: rather have that than renew.
speaker_heading: 2ND WOMAN
dialog: I feel the same way. Sometimes I think
dialog: I'm not even going to try and renew when
dialog: my time comes. But -- that's three years away.
dialog: So long.
text: The 2nd Woman walks away.
dialog: FRANCIS (after a beat;
dialog: to first Woman)
dialog: It's been nice.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Um-huh.
text: They look briefly and then she turns away. Francis takes Logan's arm
text: and they move off.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I guess you never had her?
text: Logan shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You missed something special.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Well...you can't have them all.
speaker_heading: LOGAN AND FRANCIS
dialog: (together, it's an old joke)
dialog: But you can try.
text: They laugh, but the laughter is broken as a trio of youngsters,
text: moving with erratic speed of lightning, smashes between them,
text: almost knocking Francis over. He reels, Logan catches him and they
text: recover in time to see the trio rip wildly through the crowd,
text: knocking people down, screaming with shrill joy as they disappear.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: The damned Yellows are getting out
dialog: of hand. Those three ought to be in
text: Cathedral. No business scrambling in
dialog: Arcade...
speaker_heading: LOGAN (laughs
dialog: cuffs Francis' arm)
dialog: What an old, old man you're getting
dialog: to be, Francis. Weren't you ever a
dialog: Yellow? I bet you were even wilder
dialog: than -
text: (he breaks off as the lights
dialog: in the Great Hall dim)
dialog: -- come on, Sandman.
text: The two of them start to move to the far end of the Great Hall.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 30		FULL SHOT - GREAT HALL
text: As everyone begins to move to the far end, where great curtains
dialog: have parted to reveal
scene_heading: 31		ARCADE GREAT HALL - CAROUSEL ENTRANCE
text: AC the far end of the hall, where the throng is a huge crystal
text: design ornaments an entrance The crystal is red and pulsing
text: rhythmically to the accompaniment of a deep and thrilling TONE. As
text: we move toward it with Logan and Francis, the TONE deepens, the
text: great pulse takes on a hypnotic quality...
scene_heading: 32		WITH LOGAN AND FRANCIS
text: In the crowd they overtake a fellow Sandman, DANIEL, and fall in
text: step with him. When they speak now, their voices are hushed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You should have been with us in Nursery,
dialog: Daniel. I'm positive I recognized him -
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (hustling
dialog: Logan)
dialog: Come on. I don't want to miss the
dialog: filing-in. There'll be some I know
dialog: tonight, I think...
text: DANIEL (glances at his
dialog: own red crystal, nods)
dialog: Yes. Me, too. You know we're
dialog: both on Monitor tonight.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Damn! That's right. Just when I
text: feel like an ALL OUT BLAST in
dialog: Arcade .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Want me to take your shift? I'm
dialog: feeling restless anyway
dialog: 
text: Francis glances at him, exchanges a look with Daniel. They vanish
text: into the throng passing under the great crystal, turn the corner and
dialog: we see
scene_heading: 33		FULL SHOT - CAROUSEL
text: framed in a huge corridor we see a steep-sided arena dropping down
text: to a shadowy center, which even now pulsates and flickers in
dialog: changing dimensions, but always maintaining the jewel- flower
text: shape. There is one entrance into the center -- a kind of ramp from
text: below the seats, leading directly into the mysterious bowl --
text: Just now the seat's are filling, and the sense of expectation builds
text: People sit and immediately crane their necks, waiting...
scene_heading: 34.		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Featuring Logan and Francis as they find places in the arena. Like
text: the others, they crane upward. As they do, Logan gestures at a
text: number of pretty girls who are just being seated.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Now there's a few who could have been
dialog: his seed-mother.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Only a few? You're just not trying.
speaker_heading: 35-36	 OUT
scene_heading: 37		PANNING THE CROWD
text: As the seats fill, the excitement builds. Suddenly the lights begin
dialog: to dim and dim...
text: SOUND: A kind of collective sigh, breathing in unison...
speaker_heading: 38 		OUT
scene_heading: 38X1		ANGLE THE TIER BELOW THE SEATS
text: Suddenly visible, the LASTDAY GROUP. Their arms are upraised and in
text: each palm the crystal blinks red-black, red-black.
speaker_heading: 39		THE CROWD
text: Transfixed, gripped with a religious fervor.
speaker_heading: 40		LASTDAY GROUP
text: Hands still raised, filing slowly into the mysterious well of
dialog: Carousel.
speaker_heading: 41		CROWD
text: Tense, beginning nervous APPLAUSE here and there.
speaker_heading: 42		CAROUSEL
text: As the last one enters, beginning to glow and, as it does, the bowl
text: slowly puts out leaves like some great plant, enfolding and hiding
text: the people within a series of translucent petals. As the Last one
text: enfolds them the Light intensifies, the exterior surfaces seeming to
text: shift as if a kind of motion was beginning inside it...
speaker_heading: 43		CROWD
text: Visible in the growing Light from Carousel -gripped with passion and
text: excitement, APPLAUDING, gesturing as they see
speaker_heading: 44		CAROUSEL
text: Moving, bands of light seeming to spiral upward Like a contained
text: aurora as the Carousel picks up speed.
speaker_heading: 45		LOGAN
dialog: Caught up in it Like the rest.
speaker_heading: 46		CAROUSEL
text: Beginning to blur with its own speed. Through the shifting,
text: spiraling curtain of light we see bodies moving in a kind of
text: weightlessness, always struggling to move higher.
text: Follow a shadowy form as it moves, twists through other writhing
text: shadows -- upward, upward. Suddenly the form is spread-eagled, and
text: in a moment it is sharply outlined against the swirling canopy and
text: then -- a searing flash. And it is gone.
dialog: 
text: SOUND: Crowd in a frenzy -- SCREAMING.
scene_heading: 47		FULL ANGLE - THE BLEACHER CROWD - FAVORING LOGAN
text: Standing. SCREAMING their cheers as:
scene_heading: 48		FULL SHOT - UP AT CAROUSEL
text: High, reaching downward out of the shadows beneath the dome,
text: fringing, intersecting rainbow bands appear, looping the swirling
text: upper Carousel like Saturn's rings. Now we see figures reaching
text: outward toward them...reaching and missing and falling -downward
text: against the curtain and the flash of extinction.
scene_heading: 49		MEDIUM ANGLE - A MAN
dialog: At the highest level...straining for the rainbow...
scene_heading: 50		SWEEPING PAN SHOT - THE BLEACHER CROWD
text: Hysterical...starting to chant...
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Renew!
text: The man continues to strain:
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Renew!
scene_heading: 51		CLOSE ANGLE - THE MAN
text: Almost a blur...but still straining:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CROWD'S CHANT
dialog: Renew!
scene_heading: 52		CLOSE ON - LOGAN AND FRANCIS
speaker_heading: LOGAN AND FRANCIS
dialog: (chanting with the rest)
dialog: Renew!
scene_heading: 53		CLOSE ANGLE - THE MAN
text: The blur...but still there...straining with all his might for the
dialog: rainbow...
speaker_heading: CROWD'S CHANT
dialog: Re...
text: Suddenly, the man...topples into the whirling blackness
text: below...where he is instantly incinerated.
scene_heading: 54		WIDE ANGLE - THE CAROUSEL
text: Whirling - whirling - the rainbows shining.
scene_heading: 55		WIDE ANGLE - THE BLEACHERS
text: Orgiastic pleasure -- a Spanish crowd at a perfect killing --
text: SCREAMING, fulfilled.
speaker_heading: 56 		OUT
scene_heading: 57		FULL ANGLE - THE CAROUSEL
text: Other figures move to the topmost level...straining for the rainbow
dialog: bands.
scene_heading: 58		CLOSE ON - LOGAN AND FRANCIS
text: As the SCREAMING goes on in the b.g. of the SHUT... we hear a
text: BUZZING noise. Logan reaches into a pocket and takes out a small,
text: dark plastic box.
text: Logan looks at the box. On it we see:
scene_heading: MAN: RELIVE STORE 14
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (to Francis)
dialog: Looks like I'm working.
dialog: 
text: Francis stands.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Who invited you?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I'm in my party mood.
dialog: 
text: Logan smiles . . . and the CAMERA PANS them rushing out of the
text: bleachers.
text: They make their way into the hall.
text: Logan takes out the small plastic box. We can tell from his face
text: that he is disappointed...until a faint BEEPING SOUND emanates from
dialog: the box.
text: Francis watches as Logan wheels in one direction... the beeping
text: stops. He turns in another direction... again, there is no beeping.
text: As Logan turns in a third direction...the BEEPING commences.
text: Logan and Francis move swiftly in that direction and the BEEPING
text: GROWS LOUDER...AND LOUDER...until Logan and Francis see:
dialog: 59-
scene_heading: 59X11	 WIDE ANGLE - A MAN
dialog: running.
text: CHASE: INTER CUT between Logan and Francis following the running man
text: in the great hall...empty. We can HEAR the CROWD SCREAMING in
text: Carousel offstage.
text: A. Logan and Francis separate...to encircle the running man.
text: B. The running man turns a corner and for a moment Logan cannot see
dialog: him.
text: C. As Logan turns the corner...Francis is on the other side and
text: FIRES at the running man...JUST MISSING HIM.
text: D.Francis winks at Logan as he pursues the running man up a ramp
text: and Logan gets it: A little cat and mouse is in order.
scene_heading: (NOTE: THE CHASE WILL BE THE DIRECTOR'S OPTION.)
dialog: E. Logan FIRES... just missing the man...Francis FIRES again. . .
text: just missing, too.
text: F. The man is in a panic as he continues up the ramp...to various
dialog: levels and areas.
text: G. Both barrels (of Logan and Francis' respective guns) glow again
text: as they FIRE...with both just missing the running man once more.
text: H. The man's face is crazed...and sweating...the mouse is going
text: berserk as he has been chased to a high level.
text: I. He stands frozen, petrified, driven to the edge of a high balcony
text: by the shots--teetering now. He is in full sight of Logan, Francis
text: is across the hall.
text: J. The Runner¹s face. He looks at death twenty feet away--Logan
dialog: aims.
text: K. Francis, watching, smiling at the perfect moment.
text: L. Logan's face. A shadow of thought, a hesitation.
text: M. The Runner lunges. Logan fires, misses.
text: N. Francis fires a salvo, drives the Runner back to the rail where
text: he teeters again, throws his hands in front of his face and plunges.
text: The SCREAMING in Carousel reaches a peak.
speaker_heading: 59X12-
speaker_heading: 63X1		 OUT
speaker_heading: 63X2		WITH LOGAN
text: As he arrives at the dead body of the Runner, bends over him, turns
text: the man's left hand up. We see the flower crystal. Black.
text: Logan takes out his transceiver.
scene_heading: 63X3		INSERT TRANSCEIVER
text: A man's face visible. Logan checks it against the face of the dead
dialog: man. They are not the same.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 63X4		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Francis comes up, waits. Logan moves the transceiver to the dead
text: man's face, rests it on his forehead.
scene_heading: 63X5		INSERT TRANSCEIVER READOUT:
text: The words appear: IDENT. AFFIRM....NEW YOU #483 ALTERATION
speaker_heading: 63X6		LOGAN
text: Scowls for a moment, then shrugs. He takes out a small flat pouch
text: and methodically strips from the body its few personal things,
text: stuffs them into the pouch. Then his eye is caught by the man's
text: right hand, clenched. Logan opens it. A metal ankh on a bit of
text: chain. It means nothing to Logan who stuffs it into the pouch and
text: closes it. Now again he fiddles with the transceiver, speaks into it
dialog: softly.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Runner terminated 0:31
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Ready for cleanup.
text: Done with his job, he rises to face Francis.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: That was a great shot you made.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you look a little rusty to me --
dialog: what were you doing, wondering?
text: Logan shrugs. He's not sure himself. Together they walk off down the
speaker_heading: hall, passing CAMERA
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 63X7		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: We see in the distance, a pair of Stickmen descending into the hall,
text: riding through the air on their odd vehicles, passing overhead then
text: descending. One hovers not far away as the other comes down, hangs a
text: few feet over the body.
scene_heading: 63X8		1ST STICKMAN AND BODY
text: The driver makes sure he's in position, then presses a button on one
text: of the arms of the vehicle. There is a broad spray of vapor from the
text: bottom which covers the corpse.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 63X9		CORPSE (INSERT)
text: It turns to crystals which sag away from the human form, as a sand
text: sculpture erodes when it's dry.
scene_heading: 63X10		1ST STICKMAN CLOSE ON HEAP OF CRYSTALS
text: Satisfied, he revs his machine and it rises smoothly out of the
text: SHOT. As it leaves, the second machine moves down and into its
dialog: place.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 63X11		2ND STICKMAN
text: Glances at the crystals, maneuvers into position, presses his
dialog: buttons.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 63X12		CLOSER ANGLE - THE CRYSTALS, STICKMAN
text: Sucked up into the machine as it hovers. As the floor is once again
text: bare, the 2nd Stickman revs slightly and his machine pulls up and
dialog: away.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 63X13		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As the Stickmen move up and out, we see the exhilarated crowd
text: beginning to pour out of Carousel.
scene_heading: 63X14		LOGAN AND FRANCIS - ARCADE
text: Descending from the top level -- not much of a crowd. Francis is
text: gesturing toward the Hallucimill.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: ...Well I think you're getting stale.
dialog: You need old Lucey--Go on. Gee the whole
dialog: burn--try the new psycho-lift-they tell
dialog: me it turns you inside out...
text: He shoves Logan in that direction and continues on down.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: I'll look for you here when I'm off--
text: And he is gone.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 63X15		LOGAN
text: waves, smiling, then turns to the Hallucimill.
scene_heading: 63X16		POV - HALLUCIMILL EXT.
dialog: Crazy, man.
speaker_heading: 63X17		BACK TO LOGAN
text: Hesitates, as a COUPLE push past him gleefully on their way. He
dialog: looks and we see:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 63X18		POV - ARCADE, UPPER LEVELS
text: The people from Carousel starting to pour in, loud, happy, ready for
dialog: more fun.
speaker_heading: 63X19		LOGAN
text: Not with it. He turns and starts making his way downwards towards
dialog: the exit.
speaker_heading: 63X20		LOGAN'S APARTMENT
text: As he enters. Idle, restless. He crosses to a sideboard--makes
text: himself a drink, sips, doesn't like it. Gets rid of it, makes
text: another. He fiddles with things, a game--sits, gets up. Now he is
text: beginning to feel the drink. Takes another belt, smiles. Now he goes
text: over to a tall wall recess flanked by a console with many dials.
scene_heading: 63X21		AT THE WALL RECESS
text: As Logan dials, blurred and smoky images appear in the recess--a
text: slow protoplasmic eddying in many colors. He tunes it in and the
text: figure of a smiling young man appears--bejeweled, lustrous, willing.
scene_heading: 63X22		LOGAN AT THE CONSOLE
text: Bored as Mastroianni turns the dial again and the young man
text: dissolves. He dials again and now a beautiful young woman takes
text: shape. It is Jessica.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 63X23		JESSICA AND LOGAN
text: Still in the recess, she makes no gesture of interest, no smile.
text: Around her neck, from a collar, a dangling ankh. It catches Logan's
text: eye. He smiles, clicks another dial and she becomes real. He reaches
text: out a hand and leads her out into the room.
speaker_heading: 64		LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: As Jessica turns to him, Logan moves in strongly and embraces her-
text: but, to his surprise, she resists. Logan, still holding her loosely,
text: is amused and surprised.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What's wrong, Available?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (breaking away gently)
dialog: Please . . .No.
text: She backs away, almost apologetically. Logan follows, smiling.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Please . . . no ?
text: (noting that she looks trapped,
dialog: he understands)
dialog: You mean "not here"--that's it?
dialog: You're a private Available but
dialog: particular,
text: (he is moving in on her
text: as he speaks, she retreating,
dialog: which amuses him)
dialog: Don't worry. There's no one here but me.
dialog: And you.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No.
dialog: (that stops him)
dialog: Just no.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You prefer women?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Well then...?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Nothing. I felt sad, I put myself
dialog: on the circuit. It was a mistake.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sad? What made you sad?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: A friend of mine went on Carousel
dialog: tonight. Now he's gone.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Yes...probably he was renewed?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: He was killed
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Killed? Why do you use that word?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Isn't it right? Isn't that what
dialog: you do? Kill.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I never 'killed' anybody in my life.
dialog: Sandmen terminate Runners
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Who brought you?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Nobody. I felt sad. .. I put myself
dialog: on the circuit.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You felt sad. What's your name?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Jessica.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: You're beautiful. Let's have sex.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Later.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: But you put yourself on the circuit!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I thought I had to do something.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I changed my mind
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: And now?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Curious.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: About what?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: How a Sandman lives.
text: Logan smiles, takes off gunbelt, etc.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Let's have sex.
dialog: (as Jessica shakes her head)
dialog: I thought you were curious.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Not about that.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I'm listening.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I'm afraid to tell you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I'm not armed.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Why is it wrong to run?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You shouldn't even think such things...
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: And you picked a strange person to
dialog: say them to -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I suppose. But what if you want
dialog: to live?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: So? Do what everyone does. Try
dialog: like hell for renewal.
text: Logan stretches out his right hand. We see a red flower crystal
text: embedded and centered in his right palm. It is exactly the same
text: shape that we have seen in black in the palm of the dead runner.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: When this turns black...that's it.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: If for any reason you want to be 31...
dialog: you have the same chance as everyone
dialog: else...Carrousel.
text: Logan takes his gun and points it at her.
speaker_heading: LOGAN 		(playfully)
dialog: But if you're one of the misfits...
dialog: that's where I come in.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (somewhat
dialog: frightened)
dialog: I didn't say that I would run...
dialog: I Just...
speaker_heading: LOGAN (interrupting;
dialog: turning over her palm)
dialog: Are you a 5 or a 6?
dialog: (we see a green crystal)
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Six. I go red next year.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're years away . . . I don't know
dialog: why you're thinking of these things,
dialog: much less talking about them.
dialog: (offering Jessica the gun)
dialog: Want to try?
text: Jessica shakes her head. Logan looks at Jessica carefully...in an
text: admiring sexual way...from her toes to her head...briefly noticing
text: (in the process) chat she is wearing an identical piece of jewelry
text: that he has taken off the dead runner...around her neck.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What Quad do you live in?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: K.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (softly)
dialog: You're sure you don't want to try?
text: Jessica nods.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's nice to know you can nod.
text: Jessica smiles.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's nice co know you can do that,
dialog: too.
dialog: 
text: Suddenly Francis and two dishevel led young WOMEN burst in and come
text: laughing toward Logan and Jessica Stoned, hilarious, they crowd
text: around Logan one of them embracing him. In the wild hilarity,
text: Jessica slips away and Logan, seeing her go, makes a vain effort
text: after her. Francis notices, laughs. Amid the noise he shouts to
dialog: Logan:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: These are for me -- you've got your
dialog: own.
dialog: (looking after Jessica)
dialog: She must have been something--?
dialog: 
text: At Logan's expression he roars with laughter Francis picks up an
text: atomizer and hurls it at the ceiling where it shatters and a great
text: pink cloud settles over them all.
scene_heading: 64X1		EXT. - SAND MAN H.Q.
text: A frowning structure of dark stone and mirrored copper, fronted by
text: broad steps. Logan and Francis are climbing the steps as a SANDMAN
text: is coming out... His uniform is in tatters. They greet one another...then:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: SANDMAN (embarrassed)
dialog: I lost a Runner in Cathedral.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: SANDMAN
dialog: Ran into some Cubs I couldn't manage.
dialog: (as they stare)
dialog: One of them cut me bad...
text: (extends his arm and moves
text: a finger from his shoulder to
dialog: his wrist)
text: all the way down.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (with anger)
speaker_heading: CUBS!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SANDMAN (shrug)
dialog: On my way to the New You for repairs.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Get yourself a new face while you're
dialog: at it They know you now.
text: They wave. Logan and Francis continue.
speaker_heading: 64AX1-
speaker_heading: 64BX1	 OUT
dialog: 
scene_heading: 64CX1		INT. - SANDMAN H.Q. LOBBY (VOICE OVER)
text: As Logan and Francis cross, turn into a corridor.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I just might look in on New You 483
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You? Why? You're already beautiful.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No -- it's that last Runner -- someone
text: in 483 was trying to help him.
scene_heading: 64X2		INT. - SANDMAN H.Q. - READY ROOM
text: As Logan and Francis cross the room, Logan nods to other Sandmen,
text: who are monitoring areas of the Megalopolis on video consoles. One
text: of these Sand-men speaks to Francis who hasn't greeted them
speaker_heading: SANDMAN (Monitor)
dialog: What's with you, Francis?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (touching his
dialog: head; grimacing)
dialog: Last night
dialog: 
text: The other Sandmen, including Logan, smile as Logan and Francis
dialog: continue to:
speaker_heading: 65-68	OUT
scene_heading: 69		INT. - SANDMAN H.Q. - DEBRIEFING AREA
text: Black door opens revealing Logan and Francis who now enter a mammoth
text: room. As they walk. . . they pass FOUR GIANT LIFECLOCKS...WHITE,
text: YELLOW GREEN AND RED.
dialog: 
text: Each LIFECLOCK pulses out the moments of every person alive in the
text: city, governing everyone's crystal changes automatically shifting to
text: the next LIFECLOCK when the time comes.
dialog: There are no humans.
text: Francis walks over to a circular table at the end of the room....
text: above which is a circular overhang. There is a groove...the shape of
text: a palm crystal on one part of the circular table.
text: Francis takes out the plastic bag which contains the contents of the
text: dead Runner's pockets and starts putting the contents on the table.
dialog: (These contents are the ones from the Runner Francis has killed at
dialog: the beginning of the film.)
text: The moment the first item touches the table...it activates a scanner
text: on the overhang above.
dialog: 
text: Francis stands alongside the table...his attitude is very matter-of
dialog: fact. He has been through this procedure many, many times.
text: He touches his head...(the hangover)...and Logan smiles. Moments
dialog: later...the scanner stops...the word:
dialog: |
speaker_heading: IDENTIFY
text: appears on a SCREEN. Francis places his palm into the groove. . .
dialog: and the words:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLEAR
speaker_heading: FRANCIS-7
text: appear on the SCREEN.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: See you in the hydrotoner!
dialog: 
text: Logan nods.
text: Francis exits as Logan places the contents of a plastic bag with the
text: items he has taken off the Runner who jumped to his death. Among
text: them is the odd-shaped piece of jewelry.
text: Logan is standing nonchalantly...as the scanner moves over the
text: items...waiting to be quickly identified and cleared as Francis was
dialog: earlier.
text: The scanner continues scanning.
text: Logan starts becoming impatient...but the scanning goes on and on
dialog: and on.
dialog: Now...Logan is clearly puzzled...it has never...ever taken anything
text: remotely resembling this length of time.
text: Suddenly, directly before him...on the SCREEN... the word:
speaker_heading: PROBABILITY
text: blinks on and off...on and off...catching Logan's attention. As
text: Logan turns toward the SCREEN...the scanner stops moving. The word
text: PROBABILITY blinks off and is replaced by the word:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: APPROACH
text: We can tell from Logan's expression as he walks to the corner. . .
dialog: that he has never seen this before.
dialog: 
text: Logan sits in a chair in the area facing the SCREEN. There is a
text: stellar groove (that we have seen on the Table) the shape of a palm
text: crystal....glowing on an arm of the chair.
text: The word on the SCREEN is now:
speaker_heading: IDENTIFY
text: Logan places his right palm with the flower crystal into the groove.
text: We hear a HUMMING NOISE....then: The piece of jade Jewelry appears
text: on the SCREEN and below the piece of jewelry the following words
dialog: appear on the SCREEN:
scene_heading: OBJECT OCCURS IN NONRANDOM
scene_heading: PATTERN AND FREQUENCY. LINKED
scene_heading: WITH OBSOLETE WORD: SANCTUARY.
scene_heading: PROBABLE EXISTENCE ESTABLISHED.
scene_heading: QUESTION: IDENTIFY OBJECT?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Negative. Question: What is it?
dialog: 
dialog: Words on SCREEN now read:
scene_heading: PREMILLENNIAL SYMBOL.
scene_heading: NAME: ANKH. QUESTION:
scene_heading: IDENTIFY CONCEPT SANCTUARY?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Negative.
dialog: Words on SCREEN now read:
scene_heading: SANCTUARY: CODE WORD PREMILL-
scene_heading: ENNIAL RELIGIONS DENOTING
text: PLACE OF IMMUNITY.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I don't understand?
dialog: Words on SCREEN now read:
scene_heading: SANCTUARY NOW MATHEMATICALLY
text: RELATED TO UNACCOUNTED
scene_heading: CITIZENS NUMBERING 1056.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Question:
text: Word on SCREEN now reads:
speaker_heading: HOLD
dialog: 
text: It disappears and words on SCREEN now read:
scene_heading: OBJECT ANKH ASSOCIATED
scene_heading: WITH UNACCOUNTED CITIZENS 1056.
scene_heading: CONCLUSION SANCTUARY EXISTENT....
scene_heading: RUNNER GOAL.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: 1056 unaccounted for?!
text: Word on SCREEN reads:
speaker_heading: CORRECT
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Impossible!
dialog: (Rising tone)
dialog: Question: Maybe they weren't all Runners.
dialog: Maybe most of them reached Life Renewal
dialog: on Carousel.
dialog: Words on SCREEN read:
scene_heading: NEGATIVE...UNACCOUNTED
speaker_heading: CITIZENS 1056...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Question: None of them reached renewal?
text: Word on SCREEN reads:
speaker_heading: ZERO
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: But everyone believes that some....
dialog: Words on SCREEN read:
speaker_heading: ANSWER: ZERO
speaker_heading: UNACCOUNTED CITIZENS
scene_heading: NUMBER 1056....LOGAN-
scene_heading: 5 ASSIGNED TO LOCATE
text: SANCTUARY AND REPORT....
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Question: You mean nobody's ever
dialog: been renewed?
dialog: Words on SCREEN read:
scene_heading: - - QUESTION ANSWERED....
scene_heading: ZERO....ECOLOGICAL-NEGATIVE...
text: As Logan reacts the new words which appear read:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AUTHORIZATION TO
scene_heading: PENETRATE CITY SEALS...
speaker_heading: LOGAN (startled)
dialog: The Seal......
dialog: (Breaks off)
dialog: Question: The Seals? Go outside?!
dialog: But there's nothing outside!
text: The words on the SCREEN read:
text: SANCTUARY DESTRUCT...
speaker_heading: FIND
speaker_heading: DESTROY
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I will.
dialog: 
text: The words on the SCREEN read:
scene_heading: ASSIGNMENT SECRET.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Question:
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What if I need help from another
dialog: Sandman?
text: The words on the SCREEN read:
scene_heading: NEGATIVE. REPEAT: ASSIGNMENT
scene_heading: SECRET. LOGAN-5 TRANSFER TO
text: RUNNER SEEKING SANCTUARY.
dialog: 
text: Logan takes a breath.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Question: I am six Red...how can
dialog: I pretend to be approaching Lastday?
text: The words on the SCREEN read:
speaker_heading: LIFECLOCK--ALTER
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: My Lifeclock...
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: Question: My Life--
text: Before the startled Logan can finish...he feels a shock of pain and
text: his hand is immobile. Logan stares at the back of his hand as if it
text: wasn't his. His forehead shines with sweat.
text: Now the entire area, including the chair and the screen begins to
text: glow bright red. The glowing becomes so bright that Logan is forced
text: to close his eyes.
text: As the glow subsides...Logan looks at his right hand. The red flower
text: crystal in his palm is blinking. He stares at it, fascinated,
dialog: fearful.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Question:
dialog: (urgent tone)
dialog: Am I still six Red?
dialog: 
text: The words on the SCREEN read:
speaker_heading: LIFECLOCK-ALTER
speaker_heading: LOGAN (standing)
dialog: I know that but I had four more years
dialog: (extending the blinking palm)
dialog: This means ten days to Lastday.
dialog: Of course I will get the four years
dialog: back, won't I?
text: The words on the SCREEN read:
dialog: TAKE OBJECT WITH YOU
speaker_heading: LOGAN (very urgent)
dialog: Question: Do I get my four years back?
text: Too late. The SCREEN is BLANK. For a moment his lips part as if to
text: say something more but he changes his mind, turns away.
text: Now Logan walks over to the table and removes the ankh. Almost
text: automatically, he starts moving his hand toward the groove...but the
dialog: SCREEN already has the words:
speaker_heading: CLEAR LOGAN-5
text: Logan looks at it - then:
text: The CAMERA PANS Logan out of the mammoth room.... past the GIANT
text: LIFECLOCKS....where he pauses.... glances at his BLINKING
dialog: CRYSTAL....and continues out into:
scene_heading: 69X1		INT. - HYDROTONER - DAY
text: Spectacularly 23rd century. Logan enters. He looks around and spots
text: Francis.... in a whirlpool bath....trying to recover from has
text: incredible hangover.
text: In the b.g. of the SHOT we can see some Sandmen doing calisthenics.
text: Logan walks over to Francis....hiding his blinking crystal by
text: holding his hand against his leg.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: What the hell took you so long?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Did you ever see anybody renew?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I think you've been skulling out too
dialog: much. First Nursery and now stupid
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Did you?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Anybody we know?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Look....why don't you get into the
dialog: water....you need it....more than I do.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I'm fine....
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: See you....
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: At Carousel tonight?
text: Logan nods, exits. The CAMERA REMAINS on a slightly puzzled FRANCIS
text: for a moment then FOLLOW Logan out to:
scene_heading: 70		EXT. - SANDMAN BUILDING
text: Logan is on the steps, irresolute. He looks at his blinking
text: crystal...moves as if to reenter, changes his mind. Now takes out
text: the black box, dials.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (into box)
dialog: Location...female Green Six...
dialog: name Jessica...living in Quad K.
speaker_heading: 71-73 	OUT
scene_heading: 73X1		INT. - LOGAN'S APARTMENT
text: Logan opens the door to see Jessica. Behind her a young SANDMAN who
text: has obviously escorted her there.
dialog: YOUNG SANDMAN (smiling)
dialog: She says she's been here before...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: She has.
text: Jessica half turns and shrugs a 'see?'. The young Sandman's smile
text: widens, he waves to Logan and shoves off.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You could have called me yourself.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: But I wasn't sure you'd come.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (the game has started)
dialog: Here I am.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Shall I come in?
text: Logan gestures, leading her inside to the living area.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I couldn't get you out of my mind.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I'm the most beautiful woman you've
dialog: ever seen, I suppose?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Maybe...sure....
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Thanks...but I have the choice.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Of course.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Then it's still no.
text: Logan laughs.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You can have any woman in the city.
dialog: What do you really want?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You know
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I don't believe you. There has to
dialog: be more.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: All right.
text: Logan extends his right hand. He turns his right palm so that.
text: Jessica can see it blinking red.
text: Jessica gasps for a moment...then:
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Why show me?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm going to run.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (after
dialog: reacting)
dialog: Why tell me?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You know something.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: About running, dying what?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Both...running's what I'm interested
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I know what everyone knows. Try
dialog: like hell for Renewal. You have
dialog: the same chance everyone else has.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's different now. Help me.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: How can I?
text: Logan takes out the ankh.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Where did you get that?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: A Runner gave it to me.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: And then you killed him, right?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I let him go...believe me.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I don't..
speaker_heading: LOGAN (a beat)
dialog: Speak to your friends for me, Jessica...
dialog: please...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Please? What friends?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: (clutching the ankh, looking
dialog: at Jessica's; then:)
dialog: I don't have much time.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I never heard of a Sandman running
dialog: . . . ever. . .
speaker_heading: LOGAN (putting the
text: ankh in his pocket;
dialog: dropping the bombshell)
dialog: And I never heard of Sanctuary.
text: Jessica reacts. She is about to speak. . .doesn't..
text: Logan reaches out and touches her hand.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What can I do to make you believe me?
text: Jessica draws her hand away quickly from his touch.
text: Logan stands and starts out...as Jessica watches him..
speaker_heading: 74-81	OUT
scene_heading: 82		EXT. - A SLEEK, OUTDOOR RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: There are three men and a woman seated at a table. Jessica reaches
text: the table and sits down.
speaker_heading: 83		CLOSE ON - LOGAN
text: A distance away...watching.
speaker_heading: 84-85 	OUT
scene_heading: 86		EXT. - RESTAURANT - FULL ANGLE - THE THREE MEN,
speaker_heading: WOMAN AND JESSICA
text: Eating without enthusiasm...obviously more interested in their
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: He's blinking...so what? Sandmen get
dialog: old, too.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: But what if he's telling the truth?
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: I say no. It's not worth the risk.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I absolutely agree. He's killed Runners
dialog: for a decade. He has no feelings.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: He was born a Sandman. He had no
dialog: choice.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Neither do we.
speaker_heading: 87-88 	OUT
scene_heading: 88X1		SANDMAN READY ROOM
text: Four Sandmen at the consoles. They look up as Francis enters. He
text: goes to one of the men who stretches, yawns, gets up.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 1ST SANDMAN
dialog: Thanks, Francis.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (taking his
dialog: place at the console)
dialog: Just don't be forever about it like last
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: 1ST SANDMAN
dialog: Ah-h you love it. You're afraid
dialog: you'll miss a really good Run.
text: They all laugh. Francis takes up his watch as the other exits.
speaker_heading: 89 OUT
scene_heading: 89X1		EXT - RESTAURANT - THREE MEN A WOMAN AND JESSICA
text: Leaning together talking in an undertone
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN (urgently)
dialog: If he believes you, he'll come.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Why Arcade Station?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN (impatiently)
dialog: Why? It's our only chance--kill him
text: and get away in the crowd heading
dialog: for the evening slaughter --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Right at the station itself?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No - just there - on the first level.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don't look for us. We'll see you.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (cutting in)
dialog: You don't seem quite sure, Jessica.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can you do it? Will you?
text: Slowly, Jessica nods.
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: JESSICA (stalling)
dialog: Y-yes...if I can find him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I think you can. Don't you?
text: Jessica faces her squarely, nods. The woman looks deeply into her
text: eyes, relaxes.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'm sorry. We all are. But he has heard
dialog: about Sanctuary -- and that makes him
dialog: dangerous to all of us.
dialog: After murmurs of agreement:
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: (staring at Jessica)
dialog: We're counting on you.
text: Jessica exits. They look at each other in dismay.. After a moment,
text: one of the men follows her. They don't trust her.
speaker_heading: 90-92	OUT
speaker_heading: 93-94 	OUT
scene_heading: 94A1		READY ROOM - FRANCIS
text: Obviously enjoying the work, watching--tracking a Runner's progress,
text: the assignment of a Sandman, the kill.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 94X1		WITH JESSICA
text: Making her way through the strolling crowd, her face thoughtful.
speaker_heading: 94X2		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The man from the restaurant, following.
scene_heading: 94X3		GALLERY, SANDMAN RESIDENCE -- JESSICA
text: Walking slowly up to a door, she hesitates, KNOCKS.
text: Logan opens the door, reacts.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Are you here to help me?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What do you need?
text: A moment, then Logan moves toward her hungrily, pulling her in to
text: him as the door closes.
speaker_heading: 94X4 	OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 94X5		WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Walking along a handsomely landscaped stream. Laughing together,
text: stopping to admire the beautiful fish (koi).
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What're you going to do?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That's tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (turning away slightly)
dialog: I wish I could help you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (turning her gently back)
dialog: Maybe you'll chink of something...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (hating herself)
dialog: I wish I knew what you think I know.
text: Logan smiles at her, both knowing what's false, but drawn to each
text: other anyhow. They commence walking again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 94X6		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The followers, ahead now, watching, trying to make up their minds as
text: to whether Jessica is bringing Logan to the ambush. As they argue,
text: Logan and Jessica approach.
scene_heading: 94X7		WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: If you did know, you'd tell me.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Of course--
speaker_heading: LOGAN (overriding)
dialog: If you trusted me, you'd know.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA (evading it)
dialog: We're coming to Arcade.
dialog: (beat)	-
dialog: Shall we Relive together?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 94X8		CLOSE ANGLE
text: As they pass, Jessica looks full in the face of one of the
text: followers, looks away. Logan does not notice. The followers are
text: partly reassured. One of the men is now holding a garrote made from
text: his necklace. The man who first followed gestures and the others go
text: off purposefully. He continues after Logan and Jessica as they exit
text: round a corner.
speaker_heading: 94X9 	OUT
speaker_heading: 94AX9	READY ROOM
text: As 1st Sandman returns, still cheerfully chewing. Francis is
text: reluctant to give up his place and when he does, he remains standing
text: there, watching. He loves the work--they all do.
scene_heading: 94X10	ARCADE - LOWER LEVEL
text: Logan and Jessica entering. Logan is aware of Jessica's increasing
text: tension. He pretends unconcern, but he is wary.
speaker_heading: 94X11	ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Behind them, visible through the crowd--two of the men we saw
text: before. The Follower and the man with the garrote. They are moving
text: so as to intersect with Logan and Jessica where the crowd is
text: thickest, streams coming together to move to a higher level.
scene_heading: 94X12	FEATURING JESSICA
text: As they move, fearful--torn between her promise and her feeling for
text: Logan. Catching a glimpse of the followers, she makes a small sound,
text: hesitates, pretends to have stumbled.
speaker_heading: 94X13	THE AMBUSHERS
text: Closer now, closing in -- the wire garrote gleaming between the
text: man's hands.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 94X14	LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Suddenly she stops. He comes round facing as people eddy by them.
text: Logan looks at her searchingly.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Tell me, Jessica.
text: Behind him the two men move in. The man with the garrote raises his
text: hands. One more step... Logan senses something, half-turns just as
text: we hear a familiar urgent SOUND--the sound of his transceiver.
text: Behind him the man hesitates, drops his hands. Logan takes the
text: transceiver from his belt and moves out of the crowd to the side,
text: Jessica with him. Now he bends to read the message and Jessica
text: cranes her head to see too.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 94X15	READY ROOM - FRANCIS AND SANDMEN
text: As the Runner alarm pulses and the readout flashes its message:
scene_heading: RUNNER FEMALE: CATHEDRAL Q-2
speaker_heading: ...LOGAN-5
text: The Sandman at the console turns and says:
speaker_heading: 1ST SANDMAN
dialog: Hey, Logan's got a mean one tonight--
dialog: why don't you--
text: But Francis is already at the door. A wave and he's gone. The others
dialog: ad lib interest-- "watch out in there--they can cut you before you
dialog: see them" etc.
speaker_heading: 95-105 	OUT
scene_heading: 105X1	ARCADE STATION - THE AMBUSH
text: The two watching, muscles taut -- wondering.
dialog: 106-
speaker_heading: 106X1	OUT
scene_heading: 106X2	ARCADE - TWO SHOT - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: As he speaks he leads her into the maze-car station and punches out
text: his destination on the car caller.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: A Runner...Cathedral. A woman.
scene_heading: 106X3	MAZE-CAR STATION ARCADE
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You're not going, are you?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN (a beat)
dialog: Why not? Maybe she'll help me.
dialog: You won't. You'd better stay here.
text: The maze-car arrives and they move to it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA (touching his
dialog: arm)
dialog: I'd rather be with you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN (knowing she is
dialog: lying through her teeth)
dialog: That's nice.
dialog: 
text: They enter the car which instantly moves off. As it passes, the men
text: in ambush come forward and read the destination. They ring for
text: another car which pulls in immediately.
dialog: 107-
speaker_heading: 109X1 	OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 109X2	ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As the two jam into the maze-car which rockets off in pursuit...
dialog: 110-
speaker_heading: 120 		OUT
scene_heading: 121		INT - MAZE-CAR - LOGAN AND JESSICA - MOVING SHOT
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Have you ever been through Cathedral?
text: Jessica shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: They're like beasts. Wild.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Maybe they're angry because they're
dialog: grown in meccano-breeders.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (interrupting,
dialog: grimacing)
dialog: Instead of what? Nine months inside a
dialog: woman:
dialog: (ugh)
dialog: We're all raised the same but most of
dialog: us don't become cubs in Cathedral.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Some people say children need human
dialog: mothering.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Insane. Nurseries are better than any
dialog: mother could be.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I'm only telling you what I've heard...
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: Haven't you ever wondered what your
dialog: seed-mother was Like...?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Uh-uh.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I have.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: When did you begin to question Lastday?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I don't remember exactly...except I was
dialog: a Green.
dialog: (another beat)
dialog: What would you like to relive, Logan?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (smiling)
dialog: Let's see - how long has it been?
text: As Jessica turns her head...looking somewhat guilty, the maze-car
text: slides to a stop.
text: A warning light pulses on the car's console and a RECORDED VOICE
text: speaks before the hatch opens.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Attention passengers. Cathedral
dialog: Station is a personal risk area.
dialog: Persons with business are warned
dialog: to be careful.
scene_heading: 121X1	EXT. - MAZE-CAR - CATHEDRAL STATION
text: Now the hatch opens. They step out, Logan first, Jessica timidly,
text: looking around. Behind them the hatch closes, the maze-car sighs
text: away into the distance.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I've never been in this quadrant.
dialog: (looks off)
dialog: Is that Arcade off there?
dialog: 
text: There are standing on the maze-car platform -- a high overlook like
dialog: an "elevated" station.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 121X2	POV - THE CITY BEYOND THE WALLS OF CATHEDRAL
text: Arcade shining like distant fireworks.
scene_heading: 122		EXT. - MAZE-CAR M PLATFORM - CATHEDRAL
text: Below them a narrow, sharply angled concrete canyon, buttressed
text: walls rising featureless. The look of an old fortress, blank, dim
text: and cool. Still visible over an opening the chiseled legend
dialog: "Cathedral Plaza--2025 A.D.--Skidmore, Rosenfelt, Hennesy
dialog: architects."
text: Jessica shivers, looking around her. Logan takes her arm and they
text: descend into the canyon, move toward the wall. Their footsteps the
text: only SOUND.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Let me go first. Sometimes they're
dialog: waiting just inside there--to rush
dialog: you when it opens...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Quickly now--
text: He helps her through the narrow opening--the portal's walls are very
text: thick.. They turn abruptly and see:
scene_heading: 123		INT. - WALL - DAZZLE CHAMBER
text: A room of angled, reflecting surfaces. At one end a jagged corridor,
text: also mirrored, leads away. The zigzag, angled effect creates an
text: absolute confusion of images. but Logan leads her unhesitatingly
text: across the chamber to the corridor. Jessica hangs back, momentarily
text: certain she's about to smash into something.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (guiding her)
dialog: Just follow--no matter how it seems...
speaker_heading: JESSICA (doing her
dialog: best)
dialog: But what is this--why?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN (as they enter
dialog: the corridor)
dialog: The Cubs. When they're flying on muscle
dialog: there's no way to catch up. Without the
dialog: dazzle, they'd just go past us--
dialog: (gesture)
dialog: too fast
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Muscle? I don't know that one.
dialog: 
text: Logan is leading her down the zigzag corridor. It's stop and go--a
dialog: fun house in which you can get hurt.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's unauthorized. No good for any-
dialog: one over thirteen anyhow--shakes you
dialog: to pieces--speeds everything up to a
dialog: blur--
dialog: (he is amused)
dialog: you can see what happens when some
dialog: flying Cub tries to go through this
dialog: on muscle--splat!
dialog: 
text: Jessica reacts...to what Logan has said...then: A moment later:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 124		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As they approach the end of the corridor, a small FIGURE in a
text: tattered garment approaches them. She stops SINGING as she sees
dialog: Logan and Jessica.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (gently)
dialog: Don't be afraid.
text: We see that it is a little GIRL of seven. Her face is grimy and hair
text: is tangled.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm Mary 2.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Where do you live, Mary?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Why aren't you in Nursery?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm very smart.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: When do you go up?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I never go upstairs. You're a
dialog: nice old lady.
text: As soon as she finishes her last sentence, Mary grabs at Jessica's
text: clothing...tearing a pin (piece of Jewelry) off...and running away
dialog: swiftly.
text: As Jessica instinctively starts after her...Logan... holds her back.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Not here. Might be a decoy.
text: Cautiously, Logan and Jessica exit from the wall, stepping out into-
scene_heading: 125		EXT. - CATHEDRAL ITSELF
text: An area of rubble and dilapidated buildings.
text: Logan crouches, holding the transceiver and fanning the area,
dialog: listening...
text: SOUND: a soft beeping which abruptly grows louder and holds steady.
text: Logan gestures to Jessica to follow him, and moves carefully in the
text: direction of the BEEPING, quartering occasionally like a hunting
text: dog. Coming up to an angle of wall, he stops, flicks the sound off,
text: puts the machine back onto his belt. He gestures to Jessica to stand
text: still then he straightens, steps out, calls:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Runner!
text: Silence. Jessica involuntarily moves to him and as she does, the
text: Runner moves from behind an upright and stands.- The figure is
text: shadowed, the arms out, palms facing in a kind of gesture of
text: surrender. In the Runner's left hand, the tiny red crystal pulses on
dialog: and off. The Runner is a woman!
text: There is an instant of frozen confrontation and then suddenly
text: Jessica gasps, grasping at him.
dialog: 
text: As Logan whirls:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 125X1		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Suddenly, from everywhere out of the shadows, a pack of snarling
text: Cubs materializes--moving with blinding speed. At their appearance
text: the Runner whirls and races off into the dark shadows. Logan makes a
text: futile gesture after her, then turns to face the Cubs.
text: A strutting, feral-faced fourteen or fifteen year old heads the
text: pack, dressed in fierce-looking tatters and hung with rip-off
text: trophies. He gestures to one of his followers to stand still.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (speaking of the Runner)
dialog: Don't worry about her. We'll have that
dialog: one later. Right now I think we've got
dialog: a Runner and his pairup. And what a Runner!
text: The CAMERA PANS the other Cubs...mean, filthy.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: We're going to have ourselves a time,
dialog: we are. Right, Billy?!
text: There is a chilling laughter of agreement from the rest.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm a Sandman!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I cut up a Sandman yesterday. They
dialog: said I'd never get him...but I cut
dialog: him up good, I did.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (firm tone)
dialog: I feel sorry for you, boy!
text: Some murmuring as the pack watches their leader.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: For me? Better feel sorry for your-
dialog: self, Sandman!
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No, for you! How old are you, Billy?
text: Billy is silent.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Fourteen? Fifteen? Your days are running
dialog: out. How long can you last? A year. Six
dialog: months?
dialog: (he points to the yellow
dialog: flower in Billy's palm)
dialog: What happens when you're sixteen and
dialog: you go green?
speaker_heading: BILLY (lashing out)
dialog: Nothing will happen! I make the
dialog: rules as I go!! Cubs do what I say!
dialog: Always have! Always will! I got
dialog: Cathedral and I'll never let go!
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No cubs over fifteen, Billy! Ever
dialog: heard of a cub with a green flower?
dialog: You'll leave Cathedral then, Billy,
dialog: when you're on green, because they
dialog: won't let a green stay here.
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: If you try to stay the young ones will
dialog: gut-rip you apart!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Shut up! Shut up your damn mouth!
text: Logan falls back into a fighting crouch...but before he can strike a
text: blow..he is grabbed and slammed against the wall of an abandoned
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: Let him suck Muscle! That'll shut
dialog: his mouth! Let's watch him shake
dialog: himself to death!!
dialog: 
text: We see the Cubs take out drugpads. They squeeze the pads and inhale
text: the "Muscle." At once their movements become blurringly rapid. They
text: take menacing positions - some leaping overhead.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Give him some Muscle!!
dialog: 
text: Like lightning they change positions and flash around Logan and
dialog: Jessica
dialog: 
scene_heading: 126		CLOSE ON - JESSICA
dialog: Watching..terrified.
speaker_heading: 127		CLOSE ON - LOGAN
dialog: 
dialog: Being held against the wall by Cubs as:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: Shake him to death!!
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Kill him!
scene_heading: 128		ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING BILLY
dialog: 
text: moving a drugpad against Logan's face.
text: Logan is holding his breath...desperately trying not to breathe the
text: "Muscle" directly from the pad into his system.
speaker_heading: BILLY (chilling laugh)
text: He's trying to hold his breath...
text: As Billy presses the pad tighter against Logan's face:
text: With all his might, Logan wrenches his arms loose... drops to the
text: ground and pulls out his gun.
text: He fires and fire girdles a pillar...and they start to back away.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: We can rush him...we can take
dialog: can take him	again, we can!!
text: The pack hesitates...stops backing away.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (moving the gun slowly
dialog: back and forth)
dialog: All right! How many of you want this to
dialog: be Lastday?!
text: The pack moves back again...and disperses, leaving Billy facing
dialog: Logan alone.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Come on, Billy...come on...you cut
dialog: a Sandman, didn't you?!
text: Logan tucks the gun back into his waist.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Come on, Billy...cut me...Come on
text: After a beat, Billy turns and runs away.
text: Logan comforts the shivering Jessica for a moment then takes out the
text: small box from his pocket and turns it...until it starts BEEPING.
text: The CAMERA PANS Logan and Jessica...following the SOUND.
text: They move over the rubble...and cautiously around abandoned
dialog: buildings.
dialog: We HEAR A SCREAM...and HEAR the Cubs who've only obviously found and
text: attacked someone. The SOUND is coming from a different direction
text: than where the beeping is coming from.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: They've got someone else! Why would
dialog: anybody come here?
text: Jessica shudders as the scream dies abruptly.
text: The BEEPING is now very loud.
text: Logan homes in on an abandoned building, enters, crosses swiftly to
text: a door inside and kicks it down.
text: We SEE the Runner. The WOMAN cringing, expecting death.
scene_heading: 129		FULL SHOT - LOGAN AND THE WOMAN
text: frozen for a moment. In f.g. a figure stirs, moves and we see it is
text: Francis. His weapon is drawn and aimed, but as he watches, he lowers
text: the barrel and smiles. The is Logan's job.
speaker_heading: 130		CLOSE ON - JESSICA
dialog: watching
speaker_heading: 131		LOGAN AND THE WOMAN
speaker_heading: WOMAN (nearing
dialog: hysteria)
dialog: There's been a terrible error! My
dialog: Lifeclock must have broken in some way!
dialog: (rising tone)
dialog: I'm nowhere near thirty...look at
dialog: me...I'm twenty-two. I should be
dialog: green! Did you hear me?
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Green!
speaker_heading: LOGAN (quietly)
dialog: Don't be afraid--
text: Before Logan can continue...the Woman...who is now wild-eyed and
text: hysterical lunges at Logan...and starts grappling with him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'll kill you!! I'll kill you!!
text: After Logan pushes her away...and she falls down:
speaker_heading: LOGAN (breathing hard)
dialog: I'm not going to hurt you.
text: Slowly, she rises.
text: Logan takes out the ankh.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sanctuary? Anything?
text: Logan reaches into his pocket and takes out a small round
text: object...the size of a large marble.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: If they find you throw this hard
dialog: enough to break it. Then hold your
dialog: breath till you get away...It's
text: blind gas.
text: Her reaction is blank, then, with desperate ferocity she attacks
dialog: Logan again.
text: During the course of the struggle, Logan subdues her again.
text: Jessica enters, bends over the near-crazed Runner as Logan holds
text: her. Eyeing him, the woman stands and takes the small round
text: object...she appears somewhat bewildered as Logan and Jessica move
dialog: off.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 132		EXT. - THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ABANDONED BUILDING -
scene_heading: MED. ANGLE - FRANCIS WATCHING
text: He is shocked, unbelieving.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 133		CLOSE ON FRANCIS
text: Stunned and uncertain, Francis aims his gun toward Logan and
text: Jessica...but he wavers...watching them disappear into the rubble...
scene_heading: 134		ANOTHER ANGLE - FRANCIS
text: shivering like a wet dog. He turns toward open window.
dialog: 
dialog: FRANCIS (in a firm, cold
dialog: tone)
dialog: Runner!
dialog: 
text: The woman turns, staring insanely. Her mouth opens like a fish as:
text: Francis FIRES his gun. A moment later, as the burning body topples
dialog: to the floor;
scene_heading: 134X1		MAZE-CAR PLATFORM - THE MEN
text: hearing the unmistakable SCREAMING sound of the kill, they exchange
dialog: a look.
speaker_heading: 135		LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: At the flash of FIRE from Francis' gun, they turn.
text: Logan and Francis' eyes meet. A beat, then Logan grabs Jessica and
text: pulls her away.
speaker_heading: 136		FRANCIS
text: After a long, long hesitation, takes out his small plastic box and
text: starts to speak into it:
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (quietly)
dialog: Runner terminated at G.16
dialog: Ready for cleanup at Cathedral
dialog: Quadrant 39.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 137		ANOTHER ANGLE - OVERLOOKING CATHEDRAL ENTRANCE
text: The Second and Third Men...very close to the maze-car platform...
text: peering into the darkness and seeing Logan and Jessica emerge onto
text: the maze-car platform. We can tell from the way the two men look at
text: one another that they believe Logan has fired the shot they have
dialog: heard.
text: They hide from the approaching Logan and Jessica.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: I almost believed her.
text: They move off soundlessly. Behind them, a maze-car has arrived.
scene_heading: 138		MED. - ANGLE - FRANCIS
text: Gun in hand...running through Cathedral toward the maze-car
dialog: platform.
scene_heading: 139		INT. - MAZE-CAR - LOGAN AND JESSICA - MOVING SHOT
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I'm ashamed. I was bringing you
dialog: to be killed.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Where? Sanctuary? Can you take
dialog: me there?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Logan, I don't know where Sanctuary is.
dialog: But if I take you to them, they'll kill you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (a beat)
dialog: All right. But why? I didn't kill the
dialog: Runner.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (interrupting)
dialog: Yes, but they won't know that...or care.
dialog: They're hunting you, Logan. Maybe me too,
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: LOGAN (wry laugh)
dialog: That's nothing...there's a Sandman
dialog: behind us, too and there'll be
dialog: more soon. Take me to them.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (torn)
dialog: I - I can't.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Then - why don't you leave me - go
dialog: to them - explain
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No. Not that either.
text: Logan considers her. A long BEAT. Thinking, then:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: All right. New You 483. I'll find
dialog: out myself.
scene_heading: 139X1		INT. - SANDMAN READY ROOM - FRANCIS
text: Distracted...ignoring the greetings of Sandmen who are monitoring
dialog: the city.
scene_heading: 139X2		ANOTHER ANGLE - FRANCIS
text: Walking past the GIANT LIFECLOCKS into the debriefing area.
text: The scanners begin moving.
text: Moments later the scanner stops...the word:
speaker_heading: IDENTIFY
text: appears on a SCREEN Francis pauses a moment and places his palm into
dialog: the groove.
text: Now he takes out the items of the dead woman Runner and places them
text: on the scanning table.
text: An ALARM SOUNDS and the word:
speaker_heading: REJECT
text: flashes on and off on the SCREEN.
text: Sandmen come running into the Area.
speaker_heading: SANDMAN
dialog: What happened?!
text: Francis hesitates....then....quickly, as if changing his mind,
dialog: taking the items off the table:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Can you beat it....I've got the damn
dialog: wrong bag.
speaker_heading: SANDMAN
dialog: You ought to put yourself on reliefcall,
dialog: Francis.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (starting out)
dialog: Yeah....
scene_heading: 140		EXT. - NEW YOU #483 - TWO SHOT - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: as they enter NEW YOU #483 they are being watched by:
scene_heading: 141		MED. ANGLE - THE SECOND AND THIRD MEN
text: A safe distance behind.
scene_heading: 142		INT. - NEW YOU #483
text: The waiting room has many mirrors...where customers ...male and
text: female...are checking their faces (and bodies).
text: There are also various photographs on the walls... suggestions for
text: changes to foreheads, eyes, cheeks, lips, etcetera. The chatty
dialog: informality is very much like people in a beauty parlor or barber
dialog: shop.
text: There is a RECEPTIONIST seated behind a desk in a corner.
text: Logan and Jessica walk up to the desk.
text: The receptionist looks at Logan...ignoring Jessica.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Hello, Sandman.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Do you want to see Doc?
text: Logan nods, impatient - he knows someone's watching.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: We don't get many Sandmen. I think
dialog: we've only had one other since I've
dialog: been here.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (brusquely)
dialog: A Sandman can get as sick of his face
dialog: as anyone else. Where's the doctor?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (smiling)
dialog: I like your face. Would you mind if Doc
dialog: took a picture? I'd Like him to give
dialog: your face to somebody else.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's all right with me. Is he here?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: My name's Holly...Holly 13. In
dialog: ancient times they said my number
dialog: was unlucky. Do you believe in luck?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No - Look, I'm in a hurry.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Doc'll be with you soon, Sandman.
text: Logan and Jessica walk to one of the chairs in the waiting area and
text: sit down next to an attractive WOMAN.
speaker_heading: WOMAN CUSTOMER
dialog: Is this your first time?
text: Logan and Jessica nod.
speaker_heading: WOMAN CUSTOMER (smiling)
dialog: This is my third...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: ... I did it when I turned yellow ...
dialog: and green.
dialog: (showing her palm)
dialog: I turned red yesterday.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (looking)
dialog: Beautiful work. This man do them all?
speaker_heading: WOMAN CUSTOMER
dialog: No. But I hear he's terrific. Have you
dialog: seen any of his work?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Just one.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Doc's ready, Sandman.
dialog: 
text: Logan and Jessica stand. They follow Holly into a large, shining,
text: stainless steel room where we see:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 143		MED. ANGLE - DOC
text: who looks about twenty-one years old, exchanges a pointed look with
dialog: Jessica.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: It's a real privilege, Sandman.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: I thought you'd be older. I ex-
text: pected a Red.
dialog: DOC (showing his palm;
dialog: the flower crystal is Red)
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Your own work?
speaker_heading: DOC (with pride)
dialog: And I did it myself right on there.
scene_heading: 144		FULL - ANGLE - THE SURGICAL APPARATUS
text: Aesculaptor Mark III -- the latest in servo-surgical designs.
text: Completely self-contained -- tilt-bed, cryojector services embedded
text: in the platform. The Mark III's laser heads are integrated into the
text: whole cocoon, swiveled and gimbaled so as to be able to focus any of
text: the surgical beams in microscopic delicacy or wide-bladed scraping.
text: The machine vaguely resembles an enormously complicated x-ray table
text: on an angle -- the great slotted laser heads overhanging it and
text: Integral with it. From the cryonic receptor base there is a steady
text: exhalation of cold -- the vapor seeping steadily downwards, blurring
text: the endlessly looped and tangled tubes and wires and containers
dialog: Which join in solid state circuitry so that any random or
text: involuntary twitch of a patient will be instantly compensated by an
text: equivalent move of the laser head -- keeping the focus precise.
text: At one end -- where the halves of the Mark III join, is n console of
text: switches and dials -- lights nod servo-recorders which control the
dialog: operation from the first injection of cold to the final healing
text: vacuum drafts and scar burnishing. With the air of a magician
text: demonstrating, Doc goes to the console and flips switches. Instantly
text: the table responds -- the platform tilting, the crab-like laser arms
text: descending flexing -- small vapor jets oozing as the beams slash
text: harmlessly across the table. Beaming, Doc turns it off and the whole
text: apparatus subsides.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: I designed it myself.
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: What'll it be ...a face job or
dialog: a full-body job?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Just the face.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Fine....Holly will get you ready.
dialog: You're in good hands, believe me.
text: Holly comes forward and unbuttons the collar on Logan's tunic.
text: As Holly brushes her fingertips lightly down Logan's arms:
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Holly works here because she gets a
text: lift out of watching the Table...
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: and other things. I'll be back in a
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: He's going to sterilize himself.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Do I have to undress?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Not for your face.
text: Logan follows Holly to the Table. (Jessica remains behind with Doc
text: who speaks to her with soft urgency).
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: You shouldn't have brought him here.
speaker_heading: JESSICA;
dialog: I didn't bring him -- what's
text: the difference. He's blinking.
dialog: He wants to run.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Run!? He's a Sandman.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I tell you he's running. I know.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Maybe...Maybe. But I wish he'd
dialog: gone somewhere else.
dialog: (a beat, a shrug)
dialog: All right. He gets a face.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 144X1		THE SURGICAL TABLE - LOGAN AND HOLLY
text: Logan lies down.
text: The Table ripples...accepting his weight prisoning and positioning
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (leaning - close to
dialog: Logan)
dialog: I like dark hair. Have him give you
dialog: dark hair.
speaker_heading: DOC'S VOICE
dialog: All set?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Um huh. Would you take a picture
dialog: of him, Doc? I'd like you to give
text: his face to somebody else.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Why not?
text: Doc pushes a button...there is a tiny FLASH.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Do you have anything special in mind?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I don't care...Just get it over
dialog: with.
dialog: DOC (smiling)
dialog: Hurry...hurry...hurry.
speaker_heading: HOLLY (whispering)
dialog: Dark hair.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Holly'd like dark hair.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Holly'd like a lot of things.
dialog: (studying Logan's face)
dialog: We can start by narrowing the
dialog: cheekbones.
dialog: 
text: Doc presses buttons on the control board. Jessica, who is standing
text: next to Doc, is slightly startled as the Table begins to HUM...as a
text: pair of laser beams separate themselves from the overhead cluster
text: and extend toward Logan, forming inner cones as they approach.
text: CryoJector needles start to close in on them, nearing their faces
text: and shoulders slowly...the visible cold streaming off the points.
text: A vibrobeam begins to KEEN.
text: SOUND: An insistent chiming.
text: Doc hears the sound and turns with the martyred air of a man who's
text: been called to the phone too many times. He turns to a phone-like
text: apparatus nearby, shifting the table into neutral as he turns. The
text: table and the laser heads stop moving.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (as if speaking on a phone)
dialog: Hello
dialog: (listening)
dialog: Yes
dialog: (listening)
dialog: Yes, they are.
dialog: (listening; his expression
dialog: changing)
dialog: Done.
text: Doc turns back to the console, pausing to stare intently at Logan,
text: then up at the brightly smiling Holly. Something in his look
text: registers, and Holly's smile fades. Now Doc engages the machine
dialog: again...
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Pay attention, Sandman. I'm
dialog: proud of this machine.
text: As he speaks he presses and an arm sweeps downward and into position
text: near Logan's face. It pauses as
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: With this one there's no waiting
dialog: for scar burnishing. It's all in
dialog: one...watch now...
text: The laser arm sweeps across Logan's forehead and cheeks, leaving a
text: bright trail of blood as
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: But here's the improvement. Instant
dialog: healing---before you feel a thing.
dialog: Watch now...
text: Doc pushes a special button and the arm sweeps back along the track,
text: spraying healing fluid. Magically the blood vanishes and the skin is
dialog: moist and whole.
scene_heading: 144X2		THE SURGICAL TABLE - LOGAN
text: His face tense--he knows something's wrong. Over him Holly's bright
text: face with its rapt look. She's not sure, but she enjoys whatever's
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: 144X3		BACK TO DOC
text: who is playing the console as he speaks.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Perfect depth adjustment on this
dialog: one, Sandman. The beam will cut
dialog: through that uniform and just
dialog: exactly through the skin beneath--
dialog: absolute precision. Watch now
dialog: 
text: And the machine does its stuff, slashing through Logan's tunic--a
text: seam of blood following the rip.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Of course, it doesn't mend uniforms,
dialog: Sandman, but otherwise it does
dialog: everything, doesn't it? Just
dialog: imagine what would happen to you
dialog: if the healing stopped functioning.
dialog: 
text: And the arm moves back again, spraying the healing fluid into
text: Logan's new wound. Again the blood disappears.
dialog: 
text: Suddenly Doc's look is ferocious. He turns off the healing switch
text: and punches buttons fiercely. The laser arms begin to move wildly
text: and the SOUNDS become shrill. Holly looks alarmed.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: No! You're scrambling the table.
dialog: He'll be cut to pieces, Doc.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Damn right! It was a trap. They
dialog: know!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No - I'm Running!
text: Machine begins to WHINE LOUDLY.
text: Jessica tries to turn the machine off...Doc starts to wrestle with
dialog: her as:
scene_heading: 145-145X4		INTERCUT: CLOSE ANGLES - THE CLUSTER ABOVE LOGAN
dialog: Moving.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
text: Watching two stun beams lower.
text: Doc knocks Jessica down. She is groggy on the floor as
text: The stun beams lance into Logan's cheeks.
text: The Table holds him, biting into his right leg below the knee.
scene_heading: 146-148		QUICK CUTS OF DOC AND HOLLY
dialog: Watching intently as:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 149-150		CLOSE ANGLES - LOGAN AND THE CLUSTER ABOVE HIM
text: As surgical beams slit his shirt from the shoulder to the waist
text: leaving two threads of blood. A vacu-head dips to suck the blood
dialog: away neatly.
scene_heading: 151		ANOTHER ANGLE - LOGAN
text: As Logan desperately sucks in his belly....trying to flatten himself
dialog: into the Table.
scene_heading: 152-153	CLOSE ANGLES - LOGAN AND THE CLUSTER ABOVE HIM
text: As laser blades cut into his face....followed by a spray of healing
text: liquid on the cuts.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 154		CLOSE - ON HOLLY
dialog: Excited....flushed....as:
scene_heading: 155		CLOSE - ON LOGAN AND THE CLUSTER ABOVE HIM
text: As two wide blades of light sweep downward....and hover three inches
text: above his neck....and keep lowering ....HUMMING loudly....and one
text: inadvertently frees Logan's right arm.
speaker_heading: 156		CLOSE ON - DOC
text: Shocked as Logan reaches for his gun.
text: 157		CLOSE - ON LOGAN AND THE CLUSTER ABOVE HIM.
text: As dozens of laser beams slash toward Logan....he twists away....and
text: breaks off....jumping off the Table.
text: Doc rushes Logan holding what appears to he a frozen police billy.
text: In an instant he has knocked Logan's gun away....and as Logan looks
text: down at it....we see it lying on the floor completely frozen.
text: Slowly, Doc moves toward Logan the short smoke-colored stick
text: menacing in his hand.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (out-of-breath)
dialog: What I told you is the....
text: Abruptly, Doc lunges toward Logan...missing him as Logan ducks away.
text: As Doc turns to attack....Logan smashes his elbows into Doc's chest
text: and Doc falls back onto the Table.
scene_heading: 157X1	CLOSE ON - HOLLY
text: SCREAMING, as Doc is slashed by the machine amid showers of sparks
text: and gouts of steam as the metal twists and wires short out and
text: various fluids boil and spill onto hot surfaces. Holly tries to
text: fight her way into the mess to help Doc, but Jessica, recovering,
text: pulls her down and the two struggle.
speaker_heading: 157X2	CLOSE ON - DOC
text: In terror as the laser beams begin to slash him to ribbons.
speaker_heading: 157X3	LOGAN
text: Making an effort to stop the machine, pulling levers and pushing
text: buttons in vain. He sees what's happening, pulls Jessica away from
text: Holly and, grabbing up his gun and tunic, heads for the entrance.
text: Crossing the waiting room they are stopped by the sight of:
dialog: 158-
speaker_heading: 162XI 	OUT
speaker_heading: 163		FRANCIS
text: Entering...gun in hand.
scene_heading: 164		REVERSE ANGLE - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: As they face Francis.
scene_heading: 165		FULL ANGLE - FRANCIS LOGAN AND JESSICA
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (frowning)
dialog: What's going on, Logan?!
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It has nothing to do with you.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (choking but still loyal)
dialog: What are you talking about?! I saw you
dialog: let a Runner go?
dialog: (up a notch)
dialog: I saw you, Logan?? Tell me!!
text: Suddenly the machine behind them erupts into a great burst of smoke
text: and noise, momentarily drawing Francis' attention. Instantly Logan
text: jumps him, grabs and throws him sprawling. Without a look back, he
text: and Jessica run out.
speaker_heading: 166 		OUT
speaker_heading: 166X1		FRANCIS
text: Enraged, finds his gun on the floor and, before rising, gets off a
text: shot at them as they disappear. Then leaping to his feet, dashing
text: off in pursuit.
speaker_heading: 167		ARCADE TRACKING
text: Logan and Jessica running through Arcade.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 167X1	LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Suddenly she pulls him in another direction.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Follow me, Logan. Stay close.
text: As they run into Hallucimill...Francis...never too far behind...
text: spots them and follows.
dialog: 168-
speaker_heading: 173 		OUT
scene_heading: 174		EXT. - HALLUCIMILL - TWO SHOT - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Exiting from the other side...and running through the crowd toward
text: and into a Love Shop...followed by Francis coming out of the
text: Hallucimill, too... and running toward the Love Shop.
scene_heading: 175		INT. - LOVE SHOP - LOGAN AND JESSICA
dialog: 
text: As they enter the hot darkness. The Love Shop is throbbing with
text: sexuality. In it, the darkness breaks at Irregular intervals -- when
text: booths and cubicles flare into brilliance, each time revealing an
text: orgiastic tableau. The Love Shop is multi-leveled and the random
text: flashes may appear from any direction at any time, blinding and
text: stunning the viewer. Logan and Jessica pause to get their bearings
text: and as they do, a beautiful WANTON grabs Logan, pulling and
dialog: laughing:
speaker_heading: WANTON
dialog: I have an empty one, Sandman
text: Logan tries to pull away, looks around for Jessica just in time to
text: see a man almost carrying her off. Then the light is gone again and
dialog: Jessica with it.
speaker_heading: 176		LOGAN AND THE WANTON
text: As she tears at his clothing, wrapping herself around him, trying to
text: pull him down. Then, as the light flares again she suddenly lets go
text: and grabs another man...Logan is, freed, starts looking for Jessica.
dialog: 177-
speaker_heading: 179		SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Logan hunting through the Love Shop, fighting them off.
text: INTERCUT SHOTS of the suddenly-illuminated tableaus. Sex, manifold
dialog: and multiform -- everybody doing it.
scene_heading: 180		ANOTHER ANGLE - FRANCIS
text: Entering, starting to look around -- grabbed by one of the laughing
dialog: Wantons.
speaker_heading: 181-182	LOGAN, JESSICA
text: Brief glimpses of them looking for each other.
speaker_heading: 183		FRANCIS
dialog: Hunting both.
speaker_heading: 184		WITH LOGAN
text: As he suddenly collides with a woman -- shoves her away and sees
text: it's Jessica. Now together they make for an archway where multiple
text: mirrors enclose them.
text: Suddenly they are in darkness. Then a heavy door slides open and
text: Jessica leads Logan through the opening. Behind them the door slides
dialog: shut again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 185		FRANCIS
text: Desperately trying to get rid of a woman, sees a flash of Logan and
text: Jessica far across the room -sees them leave. Then he's pulled down
text: again as the orgy continues.
dialog: 186-
speaker_heading: 186X1 	OUT
scene_heading: 186X2	INT. - AN IMMENSE METAL STAIRWAY
text: After a moment, Jessica takes Logan's hand and they start down in
text: the darkness. The SOUNDS of Love Shop still heard from behind the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Are you taking me to them?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't know what else to do -- with
dialog: him following us.
dialog: (she hesitates)
dialog: Why do you keep running from your--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Because he's my friend -
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: and I don't want to be killed by him -
dialog: or anyone.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: He's good, isn't he?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Will he find us and kill us?
dialog: Yes...or one of the others.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You know there's only one place
dialog: to go now...
speaker_heading: JESSICA (hopelessly)
dialog: They won't believe us.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'd rather take my chances with
dialog: them...than with Francis.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: They won¹t listen.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN (interrupting)
dialog: You think Sandmen will?
dialog: (before she can answer)
dialog: There's no other way for me,
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: We'll convince them.
text: They pause. He puts his hand over hers. Jessica is silent. Then she
text: turns his hand over. The crystal blinks red -- on, off.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Yes, Logan.
dialog: (turning to him blindly)
dialog: I'm glad they didn't change your
dialog: face.
dialog: 
text: Logan embraces her, but his look is strange and remote. They
text: continue down into the darkness.
dialog: 
text: Behind them the SOUNDS of Love Shop die away and only their
text: footsteps are heard.
speaker_heading: 187 		OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 187X1	FRANCIS
dialog: 
text: At the mirrored archway, looking around carefully, testing. He knows
text: they went through somehow. Hands claw at him - he brushes them away
text: as he searches.
speaker_heading: 188-200 	OUT
scene_heading: 200X1	WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: They have come to the foot of the stair. Here the flooring shines
text: wetly in the darkness.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (softly)
dialog: Exactly four steps now. Let me lead you.
dialog: (they walk)
dialog: Now to the right. It's narrow here,
dialog: you'll have to get behind me.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (whispering)
dialog: How will they know we're coming?
speaker_heading: JESSICA (whispering)
dialog: They're watching us now. They'll
dialog: let us in when they're sure.
scene_heading: 200X2	CLOSE-UP - LOGAN'S HAND (INSERT)
dialog: 
text: As he fumbles the transceiver switches at his belt, punching out a
dialog: signal.
scene_heading: 200X3	INT. - SANDMAN H.Q. READY ROOM
text: As the Sandmen monitoring SEE THE SIGNAL FLASH and move smoothly
dialog: into action.
speaker_heading: 200X4	LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Close together, he behind, waiting--alert as a VOICE is suddenly
dialog: heard:
speaker_heading: VOICE (scratchy,
dialog: filtered)
dialog: Sandman, put your hands on your head.
dialog: (he does)
dialog: Clasp your fingers together. Now turn
dialog: your hands over. Palms up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In a moment a light will shine in your
dialog: eyes. Walk into it--Jessica first,
dialog: then you, Sandman. You will have to
dialog: stoop--but don't unclasp your hands.
dialog: Do you agree?
text: Logan nods.
text: Jessica glances back at him but their faces are unreadable in the
text: dark. Then suddenly--in front of her--a blindingly bright, narrow
text: rectangle of light illuminating them fiercely. Jessica moves
text: forward. Even she has to stoop. Logan is close behind. As he bends
text: awkwardly into the opening, the light goes out.
scene_heading: 201		LOGAN, JESSICA -- SANCTUARY HQ
text: As he pushes her through the opening then moves instantly to the
text: side, pulling her with him.. The move fails. Both are pinned
text: helplessly in the blinding glare of the spotlight and the sudden
text: appearance of glass-silver spear points pressed against them. Logan
text: is unable to draw his gun.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hold still, Sandman, or die where
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: 2ND VOICE
dialog: Is she the one?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OTHER VOICES (like angry
dialog: stage whispers)
dialog: She betrayed us. Kill him. Kill them both.
dialog: Jessica you sold us. Sandman butcher.
dialog: Sandman murderer.
text: Logan and Jessica stand rigid against the spear points, only their
text: heads turning to the echoing sibilants.. The spotlight goes off.
speaker_heading: 202-204 	OUT
scene_heading: 205		INT. - SANCTUARY HQ. - LOGAN, JESSICA - CLOSE
text: In the darkness we see the glass-silver spear points are glowing all
text: around them, the long shafts falling away into darkness, the points,
text: steaming gently when they touch--making an instant, wincing burn.
text: Logan moves--a spear point presses--he flinches.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm a runner. She brought me here because
dialog: I begged her to help me.
text: He turns his palm. The red crystal blinks impressively in the
dialog: darkness.
text: At the sight, a BABBLE of SOUNDS. Argument.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: He's lying. No Sandman ever ran.
speaker_heading: 2ND VOICE
dialog: You don't run. You kill runners.
dialog: You have killed runners all your life.	-
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Yes I have.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now it's my turn. And I want to
dialog: live.
text: Another angry murmur of VOICES. Over it Jessica suddenly:
speaker_heading: JESSICA (shouting)
dialog: What's the matter with you. He's a runner--
dialog: he's blinking. We must help anyone who
dialog: asks...we must-or we're the same as they
text: are--deciding who lives and dies.
text: One of the points lifts and touches Jessica's cheek. A quick, fierce
text: burn. She shrieks--a tiny sound--and is silent.
speaker_heading: 206		LOGAN
text: Reacts fiercely, spinning against the spear points, he is Jabbed and
text: pierced in a dozen places as he manages to get Jessica closer,
text: shielding her with his body. But the spear points are too much. He
text: subsides, as VOICES rise angrily "Kill him now".
text: Suddenly a RINGING ALARM. All sound stops at once and we hear a
text: CLATTER of FOOTSTEPS down the iron stair and across the outer floor.
text: The spotlight bursts on again and a figure staggers into the
text: chamber, straightening into the light, hair dishevelled, hands in
text: front against the glare. It's Holly.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Holly. Holly, New You 483... He's dead.
dialog: Doc's dead and the Sandmen came...
speaker_heading: VOICE (gentle)
dialog: Holly--Holly. Remember the code.
dialog: The code, please Holly...
speaker_heading: HOLLY (hysteria)
dialog: They smashed everything and I barely
dialog: got away.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Holly. Station 12, Sanctuary 7.
dialog: Holly. Holly...
text: She lowers her hands and we see her, tattered, frightened--the
text: bright smile strange. She comes to herself a bit, looks to the side
text: and sees Logan and Jessica, pinned against the wall.
text: She reacts with fear at the sight.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: It's him! The first Sandman. He
dialog: killed...Doc.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No, Holly--wait! He's running.
dialog: Tell them the rest!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOLLY (suddenly
dialog: exhausted)
dialog: He's the one. You too. I remember.
text: He was in a hurry. Just a face job.
dialog: Dark hair, I said. Then he killed
dialog: Doc and you grabbed me--and the
dialog: machine blew up and I ran...I ran
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Holly. Holly! Please...The other
dialog: Sandman. Remember the one who came
dialog: after--
text: Holly suddenly remembers and the shock makes her lucid.
speaker_heading: HOLLY (pouring
dialog: it out)
dialog: That's right. The other one came after.
text: The older one. Smashing, killing, burning!
speaker_heading: JESSICA (coaching
dialog: desperately)
dialog: ...and he was hunting the first one,
dialog: this one. Wasn't he? Wasn't he? This
dialog: one was running, the other one was
dialog: hunting him...
speaker_heading: HOLLY (remembers)
dialog: Yes. Oh yes.
dialog: (to Logan)
dialog: He was after you. I remember. You're
dialog: running!
speaker_heading: 207-208 	OUT
scene_heading: 208X1	ANOTHER ANGLE 1
text: The spear points are withdrawn. Logan and Jessica relieved but
text: shaken, wary.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: May we move?
text: A long beat. Then--
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I saw we pass them through.
dialog: Somebody help Holly.
text: Other VOICES mumble agreement. Holly moves off into the dark room,
text: hands reaching out to help her.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You two. Just go straight ahead.
text: Follow the corridors with the pipes
dialog: overhead to the end. Then use the key.
text: As the voice speaks the spotlight finally goes off and by a dim glow
text: around the perimeter, we see we're in some kind of large underground
text: chamber--some part of the vast undercellars of the city. The light
dialog: is enough to reveal that there are perhaps twenty people in the
text: room, reds and greens both--but all are silhouetted, no face seen.
text: There's a kind of aisle open down the room's center and it's
text: obviously the way they are to go. Logan and Jessica move off. Logan
dialog: pauses.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I don't know who you are. I'd
dialog: like to thank someone.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It doesn't matter who we are. Follow
text: the tunnel to the end.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I Will there be someone to tell us
dialog: where to go from there...?
dialog: A murmur of discussion then:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Someone will follow. When you come to
dialog: the lock, he will tell you how Co go
dialog: on the other side. Jessica may go with
dialog: you as far as the lock.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (a deep breath)
dialog: No. Jessica goes back now. Take her back.
dialog: (suddenly his tone is
text: urgent as he speaks to her)
dialog: Now! Go on back. Back outside, Jessica.
text: She is bewildered by the change.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Why?- No...no...I'm going with you.
speaker_heading: VOICE1
dialog: Only to the lock. After that
dialog: there's no way back.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (small voice)
dialog: I don't care. I'm going to Sanctuary.
dialog: With you.
text: A BABBLE of VOICES. "Impossible"...She ignores, watches Logan.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA (cont'd)
dialog: Will you take me with you?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Why, Jessica? You're still a green.
dialog: 
text: JESSICA shakes her head. She doesn't know why.
text: Logan puts his arm around her, marveling, trying to understand,
text: moved. But suddenly he remembers the urgency of the moment. He
text: wheels, pulling her with him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Come on then--they'll be here any
dialog: minute!
text: Uncomprehending, she starts to run with him. Too late. An EXPLOSION
text: shakes the chamber--the wall bellies inward and a group of Sandmen,
text: led by Francis, burst into the room, firing as they come.
dialog: 
text: Panic. Turmoil. PEOPLE running, SCREAMING--the ALARM BELL RINGING,
text: RINGING as Sandmen methodically slaughter the people in the wreckage
dialog: of the room.
speaker_heading: 209 		OUT
speaker_heading: 209X1	LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: As the brief, one-sided battle rages, echoing SHOTS and SCREAMS in
text: the dust filled room, Logan pulls her down out of the way. They
text: watch, helplessly. Suddenly the figure of a Sandman looms before
text: them. He stares at Logan, unsure. Logan reacts, draws, fires. The
text: Sandman is smashed away, burning.
speaker_heading: 209X2	LOGAN
text: Suddenly aware that he has killed a Sandman. Jessica pulls him down
text: again into the shadow. Neither realizes chat the soft pulsing of his
text: crystal can be seen from the room.
speaker_heading: 210		ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Francis, quartering the room like a hound, searching, searching,
text: stopping as he sees
speaker_heading: 211		FRANCIS P.O.V.
dialog: 
text: The crystal blinking red, eerie in the darkness.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (believing the
dialog: blinking crystal is Jessica's)
dialog: Logan. I know you're in here.
dialog: What've you done...gone crazy over a
dialog: Runner?
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Nobody knows except me. You know I
dialog: won't say anything. I should have
dialog: turned you in but I couldn't. Leave
dialog: her. Come on out with me. It'll look
dialog: like you're part of the group that
dialog: hit this nest.
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Logan...you're a Sandman!
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: Logan...now...now...Logan...
text: After the slightest beat, Logan FIRES and Francis falls, a great
text: chunk of the cave roof falling between him and Logan -- all vision
text: obscured while EXPLOSIONS and SCREAMS continue.
speaker_heading: 212		LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: As he pulls her shakily to her feet. She nods, she's okay. He leads
text: her off down the tunnel.
scene_heading: 213		WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA - TUNNEL
text: following the tracks. The way leads down, curves, recurves, but
dialog: always down.
scene_heading: 214		ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING LOCK
dialog: 
text: As Logan and Jessica rush toward it. The corridor has widened into a
text: kind of chamber which ends in a great metal door like an immense
dialog: submarine hatch.
text: The tracks run straight to it and beneath it. The base of the door
text: tands in a couple of inches of water.
dialog: 
text: With great urgency, Logan and Jessica examine the huge door. Logan
text: gives the wheel a tug...nothing.
text: SOUND: A WHIRRING like clockwork...A METALLIC BELL SOUND and then a
scene_heading: RECORDED VOICE.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Runner, this is the last gate. Use
dialog: your key now. When the Bell sounds
dialog: again...use your key. Good luck,
dialog: Runner. May you find Sanctuary.
text: SILENCE. Then the BELL CHIME SOUND and a light illumines the center
text: of the wheel where there's a kind of keyhole. The WHIRRING continues
text: for about ten seconds. Then it stops	and the light goes out.
speaker_heading: 214X1	LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Hearing a SOUND they turn and see:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 214X2	ANOTHER ANGLE - P.O.V.
text: Far behind them, in the wet glisten of the tunnel, a bobbing light
text: and shadow -- the SOUND of RUNNING
scene_heading: 215-216	CLOSE ON - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: As Jessica takes the ankh from her neck - fumbling with the chain.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (breathlessly)
dialog: Every key only works once...and only
dialog: a Lastday key must open this door....
dialog: They said it would fit - but....
text: She tries to fit the ankh into the glowing one, but her hand shakes.
text: Logan tries to steady her - and in helping, she drops it into the
text: dark pool of water. They fall to their knees, searching desperately.
text: Then Logan remembers.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Wait - I have the one I took from
dialog: the Runner.
text: SOUND: The same as before as Logan searches his pockets for the
dialog: Runner's ankh.
text: Logan finds it just as the WHIRRING SOUND has STOPPED again...and
text: the light has gone out again in the center of the wheel.
text: As Logan and Jessica wait for the sound, etcetera to repeat again
text: another TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION is heard rocking everything. In the
text: distance, Jessica can see the shadow of a FIGURE approaching.
text: As the SOUND, etcetera, repeat-s once more...Logan pushes the ankh
text: into the lighted center of the wheel. The ankh fuses and the lighted
text: center becomes brighter as the door opens.
text: There is a hesitation...in which Logan turning his head back...
text: realizes what he has done and is shaken.
text: As the shadowed FIGURE looms LARGER:
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: There's no turning back, is there?
text: Logan turns and pushes Jessica through the door... following her...
text: as the door closes and they are:
scene_heading: 217		ON THE OTHER SIDE
text: now, they can still hear the SOUND, etcetera for the last time.
text: Beyond the lock is the ruins of a vast undersea complex in which
text: food was raised and harvested. What we see is an endless shadowy
text: labyrinth of breeding pens which stretch off into the green darkness
text: -- a kind of mammoth aquarium with catwalks and ramps intersecting
text: the huge tanks. The levels are multiple and everything is slimed,
text: rusted, rotted and wet.
text: In the tanks themselves are shoals of fish, gardens of seaweed, etc.
text: The machinery for harvesting and winnowing has long since gone to
text: rust -- and visible in the great tanks are the wrecks of vessels and
dialog: gear -- the kind of stuff Cousteau and Co. are using now.
dialog: Footing is dangerous -- a slip from any catwalk means a plunge into
text: water and some of the walkways are well under water anyhow. From an
text: invisible ceiling comes a steady dripping and everything is crusted
text: and smells of salt and decay and life in the darkness.
speaker_heading: 217X1	WITH FRANCIS
text: As he arrives at the door, the ankh glowing as before.
text: But Francis has a light. He examines the door with it, and as it
text: lights the pool of water on the ground, it picks out Jessica's ankh.
text: FRANCIS stoops, gets it and looks from it to the one glowing
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 128		LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Bewildered -- uncertain, as their eyes adjust to the dim light.
text: Finally, Logan gestures ''this way" and sets out.
dialog: (NOTE: The action of the sequence is the action of people groping
text: through a labyrinth. They go along, gripping a rail where possible,
text: sometimes sinking deep into water, sometimes rising above it. They
text: run into blind endings and retrace to the last junction -- always
text: trying for what looks driest and seems to stretch farthest along the
dialog: great wall...)
scene_heading: 219-224	WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA - SERIES OF CUTS
text: A. Making their way along the walkway side by side.
text: B. Stopping as the walkway disappears under water. Logan wading in
text: while she waits -- until he re-emerges. She follows.
text: C. Choosing between diverging ramps. Having to return.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: How do we know this is the right
dialog: way?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's the only way.
dialog: 
text: D. POV an alley way full of machinery. Logan gives a wheel a half
text: turn -- great rusty net-combs start to winnow the water.
text: E. Helping Jessica, Logan slips...falls into darkness. Jessica's
text: fear until he emerges, hand over slimy hand. The water is cold.
scene_heading: F. POV ancient signs - PROTOPLANK...DEPOT NO #11 DO NOT DECANT...
scene_heading: HABITAT MARITIME...ETC.
dialog: They speculate.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What do you suppose this was...?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Some kind of breeding pens...I
dialog: suppose...They say people used
dialog: to breed animal s, fish, anything
dialog: (at her disbelieving look)
dialog: To eat, of course.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Ycch.
dialog: (shudders)
dialog: To kill things and then eat them.
dialog: It must have been a savage world.
dialog: 
text: Logan shrugs, but the idea makes him queasy, too.
dialog: 
text: G. They stop, tired. Peer through at the wreckage of a small
dialog: inspection vessel and suddenly hear:
text: SOUND: FOOTSTEPS, coming, halting, WATER sloshing. Steps again.
scene_heading: 225		POV - THROUGH THE MAZE OF TANKS - A LIGHT
text: moving, hunting.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (alert)
dialog: Stay here, while I see what it is.
text: Jessica nods, frightened. Logan slips off into the darkness. In a
text: moment he's back. His face - is grim.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: It's Francis, isn't it?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: 226		LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Trying to move faster now, Logan makes a wrong turning and they must
text: go back. But as they do so, Francis is ever closer -- a gigantic
text: distorted SHAPE now visible through the eerie glass -then suddenly
text: seeming small and distant.
text: As they emerge from the blind alley once again close to the wall,
dialog: suddenly:
speaker_heading: 227		FRANCIS
text: looming huge, gun drawn, apparently only a few feet away.
speaker_heading: 228		LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Logan desperately claws at machinery, succeeds in starting motion,
text: somewhere what sounds like a GENERATOR begins laboring, ancient
text: machinery GROANS.
dialog: 
text: They turn and run as they HEAR:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (distorted;
dialog: echo; etcetera)
speaker_heading: LOGAN N N N.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 229		POV - FRANCIS' LIGHT
text: is splashing the walls ahead and in it they suddenly see:
text: THE DOOR -- a waterlock with a wheel. As the light passes, Logan
text: heaves desperately on it. It starts to give as the light comes back
text: and they are revealed.
speaker_heading: 230		CLOSE - ON FRANCIS
text: aiming at Logan...then slowly moving his hand until Jessica is in
dialog: his sights.
scene_heading: 231		LOGAN - JESSICA - FRANCIS
text: Francis FIRES -- tremendous SOUND, ECHOING and RESOUNDING. One of
text: the great tanks buckles and a cascade of water erupts over
text: everything. Through it, Logan manages to get the door open and
text: pushes a half-drowning Jessica through.
scene_heading: 232		INT. - THE SHAFT
text: A sort of ancient freight elevator which commences to move groaning
text: when the waterlock door closes.
dialog: 
text: Logan slumps to the floor.
scene_heading: 233		INT. - SHAFT - TWO SHOT - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Moving at an extremely high speed...We can see the outside -
text: flickering - dark, light, - dark, light... and finally to a white
text: color. They lie slumped, motionless. Finally it stops. The door
text: opens into a kind of glistening darkness, suffused by a bluish glow.
text: It is now very cold.
text: In the silence Logan stirs. Groping, he touches Jessica, who moves
text: close to him. Logan puts his arm around her and they rise. Slowly,
text: tentatively, he leads her out into the dark chamber where they stand
text: for a moment trying to find themselves. What little light there is
text: seems to come from the left. Arm around Jessica, Logan starts to
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (whispering)
dialog: I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's brighter there...besides, we
dialog: can't go back.
text: He starts to move again but Jessica hangs back.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Wait.
text: He halts.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (cont'd)
dialog: I don't know what's going to happen
dialog: to us Logan but --
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Are you glad you didn't kill him?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It doesn't make any difference anymore.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You're really one of us now, aren't you?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You knew that I wasn't before, didn't you?
dialog: (Jessica nods)
dialog: Why did you stay with me?
speaker_heading: JESSICA (feelingly)
dialog: I wanted to...
dialog: (Logan puts his arms
dialog: around her)
dialog: ...And you...what made you kill Sandmen?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I had to. I did kill...for the
dialog: first time in my life I killed.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Because you felt like a Runner,
dialog: didn't you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I guess so...I know I felt something
dialog: I never felt before...and I didn't
dialog: like it...not a bit.
dialog: (after another long beat)
dialog: I'll tell you one thing...Sanctuary
dialog: better be worth it. That's the last
dialog: place for me to live now.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: For us.
text: Logan mouths "Us"...a strange word...and why not... in the last
dialog: minutes he has done strange things.
speaker_heading: 234-236 	OUT
dialog: 
scene_heading: 236x1	INT. - ICE CAVERN
text: Suddenly they are blinded by a brilliant light coming from the side
text: and revealing for the first time where they are.
speaker_heading: 236x2	ANGLE
text: Before them a vase, dim, ice-shrouded storage area, row upon endless
text: row of frozen lockers trailing away into darkness, their legends and
text: contents unreadable in the thick covering of ice and frost. To the
text: side, a bright light.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 236x3	LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Walk toward the light.
scene_heading: 236x4	WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: We see a huge, high-domed cavern ringed and ornamented with
text: extraordinary ice sculptures-They are everywhere: Otters, fish, a
text: tusked walrus---overhead a flight of birds.
speaker_heading: 236x5	ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As they look in wonder:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Overwhelming, isn't it?
text: Logan and Jessica turn and see:
speaker_heading: 237-238	OUT
speaker_heading: 239		FULL ANGLE - BOX
text: Box is half-man...half-metal.
text: From the midpoint of his sternum to his hips he is coils and cables.
text: One hand is a cutting tool. His head is half-flesh...half-metal. his
text: legs are a chrome pedestal.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Are you too startled? Am I too
dialog: removed from your ken?
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: I'm neither machine nor man...but
dialog: a perfect fusion of the two...and
dialog: better than either.
dialog: (with great pride)
dialog: No human sculptor could match this
dialog: greatness...don't you agree?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: All right - what are you?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOX (laughs)
dialog: Your turn.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: It's incredibly beautiful.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Ah, but wait for the winds. Then
text: my birds sing. My walrus breathes.
dialog: My palace chimes and bells. And the
dialog: deep grottoes whisper my name...Box
dialog: Box...Bahhhhxxxxsss...
speaker_heading: LOGAN (after a beat)
dialog: We're hungry	do you have anything
dialog: to eat?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Anything to eat?
text: Box starts to laugh...He is roaring with laughter as:
speaker_heading: JESSICA (quietly)
dialog: We're human and we're hungry.
dialog: BOX (still laughing)
dialog: I know...I know.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: This place is a link to Sanctuary,
dialog: isn't it?
text: Box looks totally confused.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (angrily)
dialog: How do you think we got here??!!
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: You walked in. I saw you. Don't
dialog: you remember?
text: Logan contains his anger.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (beginning
dialog: again; quietly)
dialog: Where do you think we came from?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: From? From? From?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: We were sent here and you know it.
dialog: Others have been sent here. Where
dialog: are they? Hiding?
dialog: 
text: Box looks around the cavern:
dialog: 
dialog: BOX (mischievously)
dialog: Hiding? Yes! Hiding, hiding.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Where do we go?!
dialog: (up a notch)
dialog: Where do we go from here??!!
text: We hear a NOISE outside.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Is that the wind?
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Not yet...
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: You must hear my birds sing.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You know about Sanctuary! I know
dialog: you do! You have to help us! You
dialog: don't have a choice! It isn't your
dialog: decision!! Tell us.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Never a pair. I have never had a
dialog: pair.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Where do you send them?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: You're a beautiful pair.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: I've never seen humans whom I thought
dialog: worthy of being here...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'd like to sculpt you.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Where would I put you?
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I know...you'd be the base of the
dialog: column. You'd hold up my world!
speaker_heading: LOGAN (exasperated)
dialog: Answer the question!
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Do you know how long all this will
dialog: last? Not thirty years...or thirty
dialog: thousand years...but thirty thousand
dialog: thousand years...and you'll be part
dialog: of it. Ages will roll...Ages. And
dialog: you'll be here...the two of you...
text: eternally frozen...frozen...beautiful.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (to Jessica)
dialog: There must be somebody else up here.
dialog: I can't believe that he's--
dialog: BOX (interrupting;
dialog: his voice tone changing;
dialog: very lucid)
dialog: Let me sculpt you and I will show
dialog: you where the others have gone.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That's better.
dialog: (slightest beat)
dialog: How do you want us?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Nude. Imagine, a pair.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (starting to
dialog: take off his clothes;
text: as Jessica hesitates,
dialog: Logan smiles)
dialog: It'll be all right...
speaker_heading: 240-241	JESSICA
dialog: Undresses.
text: Box motions to a pedestal covered with deep white furs.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Up there.
text: Logan helps Jessica up to the pedestal. As they stand there:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How do you want us?
speaker_heading: BOX (beat)
dialog: Up there.
text: Logan looks at Jessica. Her beauty is glowing in the lamplight.
text: Logan takes Jessica into his arms.
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Enchanting. Is that what humans do?
text: By this time, Logan and Jessica are no longer listening to
text: Box...their arms are enveloping one another...with strong feelings.
speaker_heading: BOX'S VOICE
dialog: Superb!
scene_heading: 242		ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING BOX
text: As his metal hand begins to BUZZ...he brings it to the base of the
text: huge column supporting the cavern.
text: As he works furiously...at Incredible speed:
speaker_heading: 243		LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: ...oblivious to Box...their feelings intensifying as they continue
dialog: to hold one another.
speaker_heading: 244-245	OUT
speaker_heading: 246		CLOSE - ON BOX
dialog: BOX (stepping back)
dialog: Done...behold...!
scene_heading: 247		REVERSE ANGLE - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Before they turn to view the sculpture they kiss long and
text: passionately.
text: Their mood is broken by:
speaker_heading: BOX'S VOICE
dialog: Done...Done...Done...
text: Logan and Jessica break. They turn and see:
scene_heading: 248		FULL ANGLE - THE ICE SCULPTURE
text: Box has captured them perfectly...shimmering with life...filled with
dialog: emotion.
scene_heading: 249		WIDE ANGLE - INCLUDING LOGAN, JESSICA AND BOX
text: There are tears in Jessica's eyes as she reacts to the sculpture.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (squeezing
dialog: Logan's hand)
dialog: It's glorious
text: Logan helps Jessica off the pedestal and they both start to dress.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: All right. Now you keep your
dialog: bargain.
dialog: BOX (rapt by his
dialog: work)
dialog: Wait for the wind! Wait and hear
dialog: the birds sing over you!
speaker_heading: LOGAN (only interested
dialog: in getting out)
dialog: We're ready.
text: Box mumbles as he leads Logan and Jessica toward the rear of the Ice
dialog: Cavern.
scene_heading: 250		INT. - ICE ROOM
text: As Box enters followed by Logan and Jessica.
text: This room has a fairly low ceiling and it is not too wide.
text: It stretches back as far as the eye can see.
text: The ice along the left wall is frosted...but the ice along the right
text: wall is perfectly clear.
text: And embedded in the ice along the perfectly clear right wall are:
scene_heading: 251		WIDE ANGLE - MEN AND WOMEN
text: Standing in erect positions.
text: At first it appears that they might be more of Box's perfect works
dialog: of sculpture.
text: But as Logan and Jessica examine them closely through the clear
text: ice...it is soon apparent that they are real people...who have been
dialog: frozen.
scene_heading: 252		CLOSE ON LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Horrified as they move slowly along the wall.
scene_heading: 253		ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING THE MEN AND WOMEN FROZEN
speaker_heading: IN THE WALL
text: We can see that each of them has a black crystal flower in the palm
dialog: of their right hands.
dialog: 
text: Logan walks to the end of this wall. Each frozen body has a number
text: above it. The final body's number is 1056...That number which the
text: voice in Sandman's headquarters revealed as the number of missing
dialog: Runners.
text: The CAMERA PANS Logan back to Box.
scene_heading: 254		ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING BOX
text: As Logan turns toward him.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (stupefied)
dialog: How did they get in here?
speaker_heading: BOX
dialog: Regular storage procedure...the
dialog: same as the other food... The
dialog: other food stopped coming and they
dialog: started.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What other food?
speaker_heading: BOX
text: Fish and plankton, sea greens and
dialog: protein from the sea.
dialog: (pointing to the frosted
dialog: ice wall)
dialog: It's all here - ready - fresh as
dialog: harvest day. Fish and plankton,
dialog: sea greens and protein from the
dialog: sea...And then it stopped coming
dialog: and they (gesture) came instead.
dialog: So I store them here. I'm ready.
dialog: And you're ready. It's my Job -
dialog: protein, plankton, grass from the
dialog: sea
text: Logan pulls out his gun.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Tell us how to get out...or I¹ll
dialog: destroy you..I'll kill you!
text: Box laughs...The same LOUD, ROARING LAUGH we HEARD earlier. Then:
speaker_heading: BOX (calmly)
dialog: Such a beautiful pair. I'll stand
dialog: you facing one another.
dialog: 
text: Box starts his saw hand BUZZING. He turns all the flesh parts of
text: his body away from Logan and starts advancing toward him and Jessica
text: who is now standing behind Logan.
text: Box is now like an armed vehicle.
text: Logan FIRES...the fire reflecting harmlessly off Box's metal frame.
speaker_heading: BOX (advancing)
dialog: Resign yourself.
scene_heading: 255		MED. ANGLE - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Retreating...as Logan FIRES again and again...to no avail.
text: As Logan and Jessica retreat further and further toward the rear of
dialog: this room and:
scene_heading: 256		REVERSE ANGLE - BOX
dialog: Advancing
text: We can SEE PERSON AFTER PERSON...embedded in the clear wall of ice.
text: A strange mute audience to this to-the-death drama.
scene_heading: 257		TWO SHOT - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Finally reaching the rear wall of this room as:
scene_heading: 258		REVERSE ANGLE - BOX
text: Relentlessly moving toward them.
scene_heading: 259		TWO SHOT - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Seemingly pinned back against the rear wall.
text: Logan is FIRING his gun futilely with his right hand...while moving
text: his empty hand against the rear wall...trying to find a knob or
text: button which might open it.
text: The entire time he never takes his eyes off:
scene_heading: 260		REVERSE ANGLE - BOX
text: Getting closer. The saw is BUZZING LOUDLY.
dialog: BOX (chilling tone)
dialog: I make such a small, quick incision ...
dialog: you can hardly feel it.
scene_heading: 261		REVERSE ANGLE - LOGAN AND JESSICA
dialog: Against the rear wall...We can SEE...but they cannot...that above
text: them...on the ceiling...there are a number of exposed cables.
scene_heading: 262		FULL ANGLE - LOGAN, JESSICA AND BOX
dialog: 
text: Box is practically upon them. As he lunges forward with his
text: WHIRRING saw hand Logan pushes Jessica to the floor and drops down
text: alongside her.
text: Box cannot stop his forward thrust and cuts a sizable chunk of ice
text: out of the rear wall as:
text: Logan SHOOTS at Box from the floor Level...upwards ...trying to
text: penetrate some part of his seemingly impregnable body. He misses but
text: hits the exposed cables on the ceiling.
text: There is an EXPLOSION.
dialog: BOX (looking up;
dialog: screaming)
dialog: No! The coils!
text: Box rushes past Logan and Jessica toward the huge ice cavern
text: containing his sculptures.
dialog: BOX (still screaming)
dialog: All my work!' All my work!!
dialog: As Logan and Jessica stand:
speaker_heading: 263-270	OUT
dialog: 
scene_heading: 270x1	ANGLE - THE REFRIGERANT COILS
text: Bursting open, discharging great streams of gases.
speaker_heading: 270x2	LOGAN
text: Seeing the effect, shooting again and again at the ceiling and
dialog: walls.
speaker_heading: 270x3	ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: 
text: Coils bursting everywhere, vapor billowing into the cavern.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 270x4	ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: 
text: Huge slabs of ice instantly loosening, crashing over.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 270x5	FULL SHOT
text: AS the effect multiplies--Ln the hissing vapor-sculptures crashing
text: over and enormous chunks of ice loosened and crashing.
speaker_heading: 270x6	BOX
text: Careening around wildly in the growing ruin, as the lights dim and
dialog: flicker out.
speaker_heading: 270X7	ANGLE
text: The ceiling full of birds loosening, crashing down upon Box. Again
text: and again like great spears and wedges
speaker_heading: 270X8	BOX
dialog: 
text: Buried in his work, still feebly moving, then still as the roaring
text: ice crashes down, in the terrible darkness.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 270X9	LOGAN AND JESSICA
dialog: 
text: Cowering in the crashing maelstrom of ice blocks--saved only by
text: Being in an angle of the cave.
speaker_heading: 270X10	FULL SHOT
dialog: 
text: The SCREEN blotted out by the cave-in, going out of focus. Silence.
dialog: Then:
text: SOUND: Ice melting, water running.
speaker_heading: 270X11	LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Stir in the dimness, amazed to be alive.
text: SOUND: A heavy crash and splash as another huge ice block falls into
dialog: the water.
text: As it falls, the cave is suddenly illuminated again. They look and
text: see the light is coming from a great fissure in the wall--opened by
text: the last ice fall. Water rains across the opening.
text: Logan and Jessica make their way to it, step out.
speaker_heading: 271-272	OUT
scene_heading: 273		EXT. - HIGH LEDGE
text: Water is pouring down in a waterfall from the icemelt.
dialog: They are blinded by:
scene_heading: 274		SUNSHINE: A HUGE RISING SUN
text: As Logan and Jessica shield their eyes...then realizing that the
dialog: dazzling light will not go away:
text: Standing together...in fear of the sunrise.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Is there something on fire!!
text: Logan shakes his head...he doesn't know.
text: As Logan looks up at the sun.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: It seems to be moving away.
dialog: Come on...
scene_heading: 274X1	ANGLE - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: clambering cautiously down from the barren ledge.
scene_heading: 274X2	LOWER - AN AREA OF BOULDERS
text: Suddenly, a FAIRLY STRONG WIND starts blowing.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (frightened)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It feels like breath. It makes
dialog: everything move. Your hair is moving.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (smiling)
dialog: And yours.
text: They reach the level below and pause, look around.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Jessica -- we must be outside!
text: She looks at him, uncertainly, he puts an arm around her and they
text: set out again.
speaker_heading: 275-276	OUT
scene_heading: 276X1	INT. - CAVE - CLOSE ON FRANCIS
text: Picking his way through the ruined cave, puzzled.
speaker_heading: 277-287X1
speaker_heading: OUT
scene_heading: 288		EXT . - FOREST AREA
text: As Logan and Jessica reach it.
text: They are startled by the SOUND of BIRDS SINGING for a moment...then
text: continue through some high grass and thorned bushes being scratched,
dialog: etcetera.
text: A swarm of insects attack...Logan and Jessica fight them off:
speaker_heading: JESSICA (starting to panic)
dialog: I hate outside! I hate it!
speaker_heading: LOGAN (holding her;
dialog: comforting tone)
dialog: We'll be all right...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We will...
text: The sun is starting to go down...as they see a rabbit dart away in
text: the grass...startling them for a moment.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 288XA1	FRANCIS
text: Coming out through the fissure in the rock, squinting at the
text: unexpected light from the sky, then setting out as Logan and Jessica
dialog: did.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 288XB1	WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA - A BUSHY AREA
text: They come upon bushes of berries. Logan picks a few, looks at them
text: and smells them. As he is about to put them in his mouth...Jesslca
text: grabs hold of his hand.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Don't!
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sooner or later, we'll have to try
dialog: something
text: Logan eats the berries...as Jessica watches intently.
dialog: After a beat
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: They're good.
text: Logan and Jessica pick berries and eat. When they are finished:
speaker_heading: JESSICA
text: It's getting dark and cold.
dialog: I'm tired.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Why don't we rest here? We know we can
dialog: eat these.
text: They sit on the ground.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 288X1	TWO SHOT - LOGAN AND JESSICA - NIGHT
text: Sitting on the ground.
text: Jessica is shivering. Logan has his arms around her trying to keep
dialog: her warm.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Where do you think that heat-ball went?
text: Logan shrugs.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Do you think everything's going to
dialog: turn to ice?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I doubt it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Don't ever let go.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I won't.
dialog: 
text: After a long beat:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It all seemed to make sense until
dialog: Box.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Do you think he was telling the
dialog: Truth?
text: Logan shrugs.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (trying to
dialog: convince herself)
dialog: Maybe we're the first ones to get
dialog: through...
dialog: (hopeful tone)
dialog: Maybe Sanctuary is near, now...
dialog: another protected place. It couldn't
dialog: be outside.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (grunts)
dialog: How would anyone know? Even if we find
dialog: it -- we can never go back.
text: At her stricken look...Logan touches her in a caring way.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're right...it must be near
dialog: now. We'll find it.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (yawning;
dialog: closing her eyes; resting
dialog: on his shoulder)
dialog: Thirty thousand years didn't last
dialog: very long, did they?
dialog: 
scene_heading: 288X2	EXT. - BARREN TERRAIN - NIGHT - FRANCIS
dialog: 
text: Looking frightened as he looks up at the moon and the stars his gun
dialog: drawn.
text: Suddenly, a rabbit darts by.
text: Francis jumps up in great fear and starts FIRING his gun...blasting
text: the rabbit to smithereens.
text: He is breathing hard (fear)...and looking around...gun in hand.
scene_heading: 288X3	EXT. - FOREST AREA - DAY - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: walking in the hot sun...grimy...thirsty.
scene_heading: 288X4	EXT. - FOREST AREA - FRANCIS
text: His face still betrays a wild, frightened look as he moves very
dialog: cautiously.
text: He reaches the bushes of berries and sees some of them on the
dialog: ground.
text: He picks a few off the bush...is ravenous...but finally...too
dialog: frightened that they might be some kind of poison to eat any.
text: As he angrily crushes the berries in his hand... then wipes his hand
dialog: on his trousers:
scene_heading: 288X5	EXT. - FOREST AREA - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Seeing shimmering in the distance. They walk toward it.
speaker_heading: 288X6-
text: 288X8	TRACKING SHOTS WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA
dialog: Reaching...
scene_heading: 289		FULL ANGLE - A BROOK
text: They rush to it...drink...then undress...swim...and as they embrace
dialog: in the water:
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Logan!!!Look!!
dialog: (Logan turns around)
dialog: No...your palm...look!!!
text: Logan looks at his palm...the blinking crystal is clear.
text: He grabs Jessica's hand and looks at her palm... the same.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (quietly)
dialog: What does it mean?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN (trying to
dialog: assimilate its meaning
dialog: himself)
dialog: The Lifeclocks have no power outside.
text: Jessica takes Logan's palm and kisses it.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (with laughter)
dialog: You can have any woman in the city.
dialog: What do you really want?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (straight)
dialog: You know, Jessica.
speaker_heading: JESSICA. (a beat)
dialog: ...But I still have the choice...?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Then the answer's Yes...
text: They embrace there in the water...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 290 		OUT
scene_heading: 291		HIGH ANGLE - SHOOTING DOWN - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Coming out of the forest...climbing up a green hilly area...reaching
dialog: the top and seeing:
speaker_heading: 292-301	OUT
scene_heading: 301X1	ESTABLISHING SHOT - WASHINGTON, D.C. - MATTE COMPOSITE
text: The monument rising up out of a tangle of forest -- other buildings
text: gleaming, half hidden. In the foreground Logan and Jessica walk
text: toward monument.
scene_heading: 301X2	WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Walking toward CAMERA to edge of swamp they stop and look at:
scene_heading: 301X3	LINCOLN MEMORIAL - LONG SHOT - (MATTE PAINTING)
scene_heading: 301X4	WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Exiting CAMERA RIGHT toward Memorial
scene_heading: 301X5	EXT. - MEMORIAL - LOGAN AND JESSICA - (MATTE COMPOSITE)
text: Climbing steps of memorial toward statue.
scene_heading: 301X6	EXT. - MEMORIAL STEPS - HIGH REVERSE ANGLE -
speaker_heading: (MATTE COMPOSITE)
dialog: 
text: Logan and Jessica walking up steps toward CAMERA. They pass between
text: two columns and EXIT CAMERA right.
scene_heading: 301X7	INT. - LINCOLN MEMORIAL (MATTE COMPOSITE)
text: Logan and Jessica walk toward statue L-R. They stop and look up.
scene_heading: 301X8	CLOSEUP - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Looking up at statue.
scene_heading: 301X9	WHAT THEY SEE: THE STATUE OF LINCOLN (MATTE PAINTING)
scene_heading: 301X10	CLOSEUP - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Looking up at statue.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I have never seen a face like that
dialog: before. It must be the look of great
dialog: age. Whoever he was he was terribly old.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (beat)
dialog: Yes, do you think that's why he looks
dialog: so sad---?
text: Logan shrugs. They turn, start to EXIT from memorial.
scene_heading: 301X11	INT. - MEMORIAL - HIGH ANGLE OVER STATUE'S BACK
speaker_heading: (MATTE COMPOSITE)
text: Logan and Jessica EXITING.
speaker_heading: 301X12	LOGAN AND JESSICA
scene_heading: 301X13	OVER LOGAN AND JESSICA - WASHINGTON MONUMENT
scene_heading: AND CAPITOL IN B.G. (MATTE COMPOSITE)
text: They walk through pond toward capitol.
scene_heading: 301X14	CEMETERY - CAPITOL IN B.G. (MATTE COMPOSITE)	301X14
speaker_heading: (LOT 2)
text: Logan and Jessica walking past gravestones.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 301X15	LOGAN AND JESSICA'S POV - GRAVESTONES	301X15
scene_heading: 301X16	CLOSEUP - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: As they pass the stones, Logan glances at them.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: They all have names and numbers
dialog: on them. I wonder what they are?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: "Beloved Husband". "Beloved Wife".
dialog: What can all that mean?
dialog: 
text: Just then their attention is focused by a distant SOUND as of
text: SHOUTING -- a man's voice. Jessica stops.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Francis?
dialog: 
text: Logan shakes his head. They EXIT cemetery toward capitol.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 301X17	LONG SHOT - CAPITOL (MATTE COMPOSITE)
text: Logan and Jessica walking up steps toward building.
scene_heading: 301X18	TWO SHOT - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Walking up the steps...many of which are cracked.
text: They are proceeding with great caution...as they enter the Capitol
dialog: Building.
scene_heading: 301X19	INT. - CAPITOL ROTUNDA - LONG SHOT - (MATTE COMPOSITE)
dialog: 
text: Logan and Jessica enter the ancient room. They stop and look around.
scene_heading: 301X20	CLOSEUP - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: SOUND: HAMMERING NOISE -- irregular. It stops after a bit.
text: They walk to the door and open it cautiously.
text: They EXIT right.
scene_heading: 301X21	INT. - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE SENATE
dialog: 
text: Logan and Jessica walking down corridor, left to right.
dialog: 
text: The SOUND continues.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 301X22	INT. - SENATE CHAMBER
text: Logan and Jessica as Logan opens the aged door.
scene_heading: 301X22A	CLOSEUP - A CAT SQUALLING OUT INTO CAMERA
scene_heading: 301X23	CLOSEUP - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: React, then they enter Senate and stop and look.
scene_heading: 301X24	INT. - SENATE - OVER LOGAN AND JESSICA'S BACK - A WHITE
scene_heading: HAIRED MAN OF S SIXTY-PLUS
text: There are HUNDREDS OF CATS...and THOUSANDS OF BOOKS all over the
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (frowning;
dialog: whispering)
dialog: Look at his face...and his hair...
dialog: (grimacing)
dialog: Is that what it is to grow old?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (still stunned)
dialog: It could be...
text: There are a COUPLE OF CATS on the man's lap as he turns and faces
text: Logan and Jessica...when he HEARS them move closer.
text: The man is stroking the cats calmly...unperturbed by the appearance
dialog: of Logan and Jessica.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: As old as I am I suppose...who
dialog: knows ?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Your hair is white.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It wasn't always. I remember when
dialog: it wasn't. But it wasn't your
dialog: color either.
dialog: (looking at Jessica)
dialog: ...or yours. I have my color somewhere.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Those cracks in your face...do they hurt?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh, no...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Could I touch them?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh, my...please try.
text: Jessica walks up to the man and touches his face.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I've forgotten. It's been so
dialog: long since I've used it.
dialog: 
text: Logan and Jessica exchange a quick glance...feeling they have come
text: upon a nutsy, fruitsy cupcake.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: But all of my cats have names.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Is that what they're called--
dialog: cats?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes, cats, of course. What else
dialog: could they be? Cats. Of course
dialog: each one has his own name too.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: But there are so many of them.
dialog: Do you know each one separately.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes indeed, everyone. Actually,
dialog: they all have three.
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: "The naming of cats is a difficult
dialog: matter. It isn't just one of your
dialog: holiday games. You may think at
dialog: first I'm mad as a hatter when I
dialog: tell you a cat must have THREE
scene_heading: DIFFERENT NAMES."
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: An ordinary name and a fancy name.
dialog: That's two. Do you want to guess
dialog: what the third one is?
dialog: 
text: Logan and Jessica are silent.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (reciting again)
dialog: "But above and beyond there's
dialog: still one name left over,
dialog: And that is the name that you
dialog: never will guess;
dialog: The name that no human research
dialog: can discover -- -
text: But THE CAT HIMSELF KNOWS, and
dialog: will never confess."
dialog: (reaching down and
dialog: stroking another cat)
dialog: Will you, my pet?
dialog: 
text: One of the cats jumps off his lap.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (reciting)
dialog: "Why did you go little fourpaws?
dialog: You forgot to shut your big eyes."
dialog: (the man closes his
dialog: eyes for a moment; then:)
dialog: "I have a Gumble Cat in mind!"
dialog: 
text: As the man opens his eyes:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How long have you been living
dialog: here?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: For as long as I can remember.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What kind of place is this?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Just a place, I suppose...who
dialog: knows?
text: The man looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How did you get here?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I have always been here...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Are there any other humans?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Gracious...no.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Have any other people ever passed
dialog: through?
text: The man shakes his head...then:
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: But there may be a few around somewhere.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What makes you think so?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: My parents thought so. Mother and
dialog: Father. You know?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (astonished)
dialog: Mother and -- ? You knew your mother
dialog: and father?
text: The man nods.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: And...and how were you grown? Inside
dialog: your mother?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Mother and Father said so... you know?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Dead...they're dead...and buried.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (not knowing
dialog: what it is)
dialog: Buried???
text: Logan wheels...as he HEARS THE NOISE OF A DOOR SQUEAKING
text: SLIGHTLY...as it opens a bit wider:
speaker_heading: 302		CLOSE ON A CAT
dialog: Coming through the opening - did he push it?
scene_heading: 303		CLOSE ON THE MAN
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (pleased;
dialog: reciting)
dialog: "Gus is the cat at the theatre door.
dialog: His name, as I ought to have told
dialog: you before, Is really Asparagus.
dialog: That's such a fuss To pronounce,
dialog: that we usually call him just Gus."
scene_heading: 306		WIDER ANGLE - INCLUDING LOGAN AND JESSICA
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: May I see your hand again?
text: Logan and Jessica extend their left hands. The Old Man takes them,
text: looks from one to another with delight.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: They're beautiful. May I have
dialog: one too please?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No--I'm sorry. It's not possible.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (offended)
dialog: It isn't fair. I'll give you one
dialog: of my favorite cats...a Jellicle
dialog: cat.
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: "Jellicle cats have cheerful faces,
dialog: Jellicle cats have bright black eyes;
dialog: They like to practice their airs and graces
dialog: And wait for the Jellicle Moon to rise."
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm sorry but I don't have anything to
dialog: give you.
dialog: 
text: As the man continues to look petulant:
speaker_heading: JESSICA (simply;
dialog: sincerely)
dialog: That's the truth.
text: Jessica takes off a ring and hands it to the man.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Here you can have this.
text: The man seems pleased.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What kind of jewel is this?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You're both full of secrets like
dialog: Macavity.
dialog: (looking at the ring)
dialog: Did you steal this?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: "Macavity, Macavity, there's no
dialog: one like Macavity,
dialog: There never was a cat of such
dialog: deceitfulness and suavity."
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What's beyond this place - do you
dialog: know?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: No, no, no
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Did your Mother or Father ever
dialog: mention another place?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Never, never, ever. Nothing.
dialog: After a pause:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: May we stay here for a while?
dialog: We'd like to rest.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Of course you can stay. This
dialog: belongs to the people.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What belongs to the people?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: All this. All of it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What people?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I don't know...but it does.
text: The man stands...and starts walking toward a door to an adjoining
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I'll be right back.
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Oh, yes...about the cats...
dialog: one rule is true:
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: "Don't speak till you are spoken to."
dialog: 
text: The man smiles and leaves.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 305		LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Logan clears two chairs of cats and they sit down.
text: Jessica picks up a book and starts leafing through it.
text: Logan is deep in thought.
text: Jessica looks up from the book.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (quietly)
dialog: How curious people used to be --
dialog: All these books...
dialog: Silence...until:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That sweet madman -- how could he
dialog: Come to exist?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: He had a mother and father --
dialog: and he knew them.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: One in a million, I suppose
speaker_heading: LOGAN AND JESSICA (together;
dialog: smiling)
dialog: ...Who knows?
speaker_heading: JESSICA (after a beat)
dialog: We're going on, aren't we?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: There's nothing to go on to, Jessica.
text: Logan continues to shake his head through Jessica's following line:
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: There's a Sanctuary...there is!
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You want there to be one...that
dialog: Doesn't...
speaker_heading: JESSICA (interrupting;
dialog: urgent tone)
dialog: There has to be! I know it exists! It
dialog: has to!!
speaker_heading: LOGAN (gently)
dialog: No, there doesn't. Not really --just so
dialog: many want it to exist...so many who
dialog: don't want to die...want it so much
dialog: that a place called Sanctuary becomes
dialog: "real". But it doesn't exist. It never
dialog: existed. Just the hope.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (becoming
dialog: hysterical)
dialog: You're wrong!! It has to be!!
dialog: It Just has to be!!
text: As Logan takes her in his arms...comforting her:
scene_heading: 306		FULL ANGLE - INCLUDING THE MAN
text: The man returns with a portrait in hand.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Oh, my don't cry.
text: The man proudly shows them the portrait....which is a portrait of
text: himself in his twenties. He sort of brushes the hair...which is rich
dialog: auburn.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (gesturing)
text: There are larger pictures of other
dialog: people over there. I don't know who
dialog: they are. Perhaps they're family.
text: She man leads Logan across the chamber to a far corner.
scene_heading: 307		CLOSE ON - JESSICA
text: Remaining near the podium. She is dejected. Logan's argument that
text: there is no Sanctuary has sunk in and taken hold.
speaker_heading: 308 		OUT
scene_heading: 308x1	THE CORNER - LOGAN AND THE OLD MAN
text: We see portraits of Presidents of the United States.
dialog: We can recognize all of them...with the exception of the dozen or so
dialog: that come after Ford.
text: As Logan looks at the portraits he recognizes Lincoln.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That's the same fellow who's outside.
dialog: If he was so important - why isn't he
dialog: first?
text: The old man shakes his head.
scene_heading: 309		INT - SENATE CHAMBER - CLOSE ON - JESSICA
text: As Francis suddenly appears alongside her.
text: Jessica is terrified...speechless. Francis glances across the
text: chamber, sees Logan. When he speaks, it is softly but urgently.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: What did you do to him?
text: Jessica is silent. Francis' tone becomes increasingly sexual.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Why? Why you?
dialog: (grabbing her)
dialog: Do you know you ruined him? Do
dialog: you know that? Can you tell me
dialog: why? Why you?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And now you've killed him, you
dialog: know...
text: Francis starts to tear off her clothes...obviously to rape...but his
text: expression remains cold and without passion.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (screaming)
dialog: Logan!!!
text: As she screams, Francis clamps a hand over her mouth and drags her
dialog: O.S.
speaker_heading: 310 		OUT
speaker_heading: 310x1	LOGAN
text: hears the scream, wheels -- sees nothing for a moment.
scene_heading: 311		INT. - SENATE CHAMBER
speaker_heading: FRANCIS' VOICE
dialog: Here!!!!
text: Logan looks up...and we see Francis crouched behind the railing of
text: the first row of the gallery...with his gun pointing down at Logan,
text: holding the terrified Jessica with his other arm.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (cheerfully)
dialog: How nice...more company...
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (emotional;
dialog: disjointed thoughts)
dialog: We had such good times together...
dialog: I let you go!
dialog: (frenzied)
dialog: You didn't terminate a Runner and
dialog: I let you go!!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: She did this to us! How could you
dialog: let her?! An ordinary available??!!
dialog: (with this he flings
text: Jessica down and away.
text: She lies there...stunned)
dialog: And what about Logan-6 and Francis-8?
dialog: (a tear in his eye)
dialog: ....Why didn't you chink about them?!
dialog: (up a notch)
dialog: There's over two hundred years of
dialog: Sandmen's blood in you, Logan....
dialog: and now you'll spill it for a
dialog: stinking Runner!!
speaker_heading: 312		CLOSE ON - LOGAN
text: Holding up his right palm.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Look at your palm, Francis....
dialog: look! It's clear. Clear!
scene_heading: 313		REVERSE ANGLE - FRANCIS
text: Looking at his palm....shocked...dropping his gun. It falls on the
speaker_heading: CHAMBER FLOOR.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Why did you do that??!!
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I didn't do anything, Francis!
dialog: They've made us believe that....
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (interrupting;
dialog: wild)
dialog: Why did you do that???!!!
text: Francis leaps from the gallery and falls on Logan.
speaker_heading: 314		WIDE ANGLE - CATS
dialog: Scattering in all directions as:
scene_heading: 315-319	CLOSE ACTION SHOTS - FRANCIS AND LOGAN
text: In hand to hand combat punching...Kicking...wrestling
text: 320		INTERCUT WITH: JESSICA AND THE MAN REACTING
text: Jessica deeply disturbed...The man enjoying himself as if Logan and
text: Francis were putting on a show for him.
scene_heading: 321-331	THE FIGHT- SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A. Francis manages to pick up a chair and smashes it down on Logan.
text: B. As Logan slumps to the floor and Francis cries to follow through
text: his advantage by crushing Logan's face with his foot:
text: C. Logan grabs Francis' foot and twists it...sending Francis reeling
dialog: backward.
text: D. Standing, Logan grabs a table and hurls it at Francis...who
dialog: ducks.
text: E. Francis sees a steel flagpole (with an American flag that has
text: sixty-one stars) and takes hold of it.
text: F. Francis moves toward Logan...with the menacing steel flagpole in
text: front of him.
text: G. Logan is wary...watching every movement of the steel pole.
text: H. Francis swings the steel pole twice...We can HEAR the WHISH-WHISH
text: as it cuts through the air...with Logan avoiding the blows.
text: I. On the third swing...Logan grabs hold of the steel pole and
text: swings around on it...kicking Francis in the chest.
text: J. Francis lets go of the steel pole as he staggers backward.
text: Francis and Logan look at one another for a brief anguished moment
text: as Logan crashes the steel pole (which he is now holding) down on
dialog: Francis' head.
text: K. Francis crumbles to the floor. Feebly, he raises a hand toward
dialog: Logan...
text: Logan touches Francis' hand and Francis grasps his wrist, holding
text: death off with the strong grip.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (delirious)
dialog: That was the right shot--Look out
text: there, he's trying to break free
dialog: Watch it, Logan, steady, now!......
text: His eyes focus briefly and he sees Logan's palm-the crystal shining
text: clear and white. Francis is suddenly radiant.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Logan! You renewed!
text: And he is dead.	DIRECT CUT TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 332		JESSICA AND THE MAN
text: The man walks over to Francis and bends down.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Oh, my...he died...
speaker_heading: 333		CLOSE ON - LOGAN
text: Rubbing his face with the palms of his hands...clearly upset.
scene_heading: 334		ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING JESSICA AND THE MAN
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: We¹ll have to bury him.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What¹s that?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: They¹re put into the ground so
dialog: they can be visited by the living...
text: Logan¹s eyes are glistening with tears. The man starts out.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I¹ll make the arrangements.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (softly)
dialog: At least it¹s over...
text: Jessica¹s words don¹t help as Logan shakes his head...then:
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Are you ready to put him in?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: All right.
text: The man sits down.
text: Gently, Logan lifts Francis¹ body...trying to straighten him out
text: from the slightly twisted position he assumed when he fell to the
dialog: floor.
text: After resting Francis¹ body on the floor again. He cradles Francis¹
text: head in his arms.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 335-338	OUT
scene_heading: 339		EXT. - HIGH ANGLE - CEMETERY - NIGHT - SHOOTING DOWN
speaker_heading: OLD MAN'S VOICE
dialog: "Vigil wondrous and vigil sweet there
dialog: in the fragrant silent night."
scene_heading: 339X1	CLOSER ANGLE - CEMETERY
text: As they look down at Francis' body...in the open grave.
text: Jessica watches as Logan and the man start shoveling dirt into the
text: grave...starting to fill it.
speaker_heading: 339X2	JESSICA
dialog: quietly watching:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: 339X3	INT. - SENATE - NEXT MORNING
text: On Logan sleeping - Jessica and Old Man in a spirited but soft
text: conversation in a far corner.
text: As Logan wakes he hears:
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Of course...that's settled then.
dialog: But just you remember your promise...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: We'll remember. But that's a long time
dialog: off...
text: She sees Logan awake and listening, crosses to him, smiling. Logan
text: rises to her.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What are we promising him? What can we
dialog: possibly give him?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: He asked if we would bury him when his
dialog: time comes.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (beat)
dialog: We can't. We're going back.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: To what?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm going to try and tell people what
dialog: we've seen and--
speaker_heading: JESSICA (interrupting)
dialog: You're lying! You'll never have the
dialog: chance to tell anybody anything!
dialog: You'll be killed the moment you're seen!
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Do you expect me to let things go on
dialog: without trying to change them?!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Things won't change...you know that!
dialog: We can live here together, Logan...
dialog: have a life as long as his... together!
speaker_heading: LOGAN (showing his palm)
dialog: Things change!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You want to go back to kill, is that it?!
dialog: Now, you'll want to kill your own!!! kill
dialog: Sandmen!!! Killing's all you ever...!!!!
text: Logan shakes Jessica who is becoming hysterical.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (softly)
dialog: Jessica...listen to me...listen to me...
dialog: (as she quiets down)
dialog: The Lifeclocks made me kill
dialog: Francis. They make people die or
dialog: be killed every day. If I didn't
dialog: try and destroy that...I couldn't
dialog: live here or anywhere. Do you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I want to be alive and with you,
dialog: that's all I want.
text: Logan puts his arms around her.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I know...I know...
text: The Old Man comes to them, wondering.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: We're leaving.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What a pity. I was hoping you'd
dialog: be here to bury me.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Come with us.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: To a city with thousands and thousands
dialog: of people.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Alive?
text: Logan nods.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Thousands and thousands...as many as
dialog: my cats?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: More...many more.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: And all alive you say?
text: Logan nods.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes, I would like to see that. Is it
dialog: a long journey?
text: Again, Logan nods.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (mumbling)
dialog: Thousands and thousands alive... oh, my...
speaker_heading: 340-349	OUT
scene_heading: 350		HIGH ANGLE - GREENBELT AREA - SHOOTING DOWN - DAY
text: Logan, Jessica and the Old MAN are walking...with the Capitol
text: Building blurred by overgrown foliage receding in the b.g. of the
speaker_heading: SHOT.
speaker_heading: 351-361 	OUT
scene_heading: 361X1	EXT. - FOREST AREA - AFTERNOON
text: The Old Man has picked Some wild vegetables...and hands a piece to
text: Logan and a piece to Jessica.
text: As they hesitate...the Old Man bites into it... heartily.
text: As Logan and Jessica start eating it, too:
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (marveling tone)
dialog: Never see the sun or the moon...
dialog: I hope we get there soon...
scene_heading: 361X1A	NIGHT - WOODED AREA - CLOSE
text: On Logan, Jessica and the Old Man as they emerge from a small grove
text: of trees and stand looking O.S. past CAMERA Behind, a flicker of
text: firelight.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (weary but
dialog: enthusiastic)
dialog: Is that really it? It doesn't
dialog: seem very far. Will we be there
dialog: soon?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I promise. We '11 go on as soon
text: as it's light.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (gently,
dialog: turning O.M. away)
dialog: But now I'm tired. Let's go back to
dialog: the fire...
text: They turn, the Old Man still marveling at the sight.
scene_heading: P.O.V. WHAT THEY SEE (TO BE INTERCUT)
text: NIGHT (Matte) view of the domed city seen through a fringe of trees and beyond distance hills.
scene_heading: 361X1B	EXT. - WOODED AREA - NIGHT
text: As the three return to where a small fire is burning on the ground.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: That's better than gold when it's cold.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (turning to Old Man)
dialog: Tell me - what do those words mean?
dialog: "Beloved husband²...²Beloved son"...
dialog: "Beloved wife"'...
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: My father was the husband and my
dialog: mother was the wife. "Beloved" is
dialog: a word they used - to stay together.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Stay? They lived together all their years?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Oh, yes...I think...
speaker_heading: JESSICA (reading;
dialog: moved)
dialog: ³Beloved son²...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: So people stayed together for that
dialog: feeling of love... They would live and
dialog: raise children together and be remembered.
dialog: (another beat)
dialog: I think I feel that way, Logan. Can we
dialog: be that way?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (facing Jessica)
dialog: Yes. You and I, Jessica.
dialog: (a beat)
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: And Sanctuary?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sanctuary is the right to live....
dialog: nothing more. But nothing less, either....
text: There is a long beat...then Jessica snuggles up to Logan...she is
dialog: ready for sleep.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (whispering)
dialog: Beloved husband...
speaker_heading: LOGAN (kissing her)
dialog: Beloved wife...
speaker_heading: 361X2	OUT
scene_heading: 361X3	EXT. - DAY - GREENBELT AREA - LOGAN, JESSICA AND
speaker_heading: THE OLD MAN
dialog: 
dialog: Walking.
speaker_heading: 361X4 	OUT
dialog: 
scene_heading: 361X5	EXT. - WOODED AREA - NIGHT - LOGAN, JESSICA AND THE OLD MAN
dialog: 
text: As they walk the great glowing dome is visible in the distance.
text: The Old Man marvels at what he sees...they walk on.
scene_heading: 362		LONG, LONG ANGLE - LOGAN JESSICA AND THE OLD MAN - DAY
text: Walking up the beach toward the domed city. We get an idea of the
text: scale. They appear as ants in front of redwood trees.
speaker_heading: 363 		OUT
scene_heading: 364		LOGAN, JESSICA AND THE OLD MAN
text: Approaching. The wave power inlet in f.g. They
scene_heading: HEAR: THE ROAR OF THE WATER
text: As they approach cautiously...they see:
scene_heading: 365		WAVE POWER INLET
text: Waves pounding over ACRES OF STRANGE STEPPED CONSTRUCTION...
text: DESCENDING TO A VORTEX.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What does that water do?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's part of the hydrogalvanic
dialog: system. The ocean tides are changed
dialog: into energy somehow.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Is it inside the city?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Of course.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I don't know where...
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: I Just took them for granted.
dialog: (Logan takes Jessica's hand)
dialog: It's our only chance.
text: The CAMERA PANS LOGAN, JESSICA and the OLD MAN down the STRANGE
text: STEPPED CONSTRUCTION until they reach:
scene_heading: 366		FULL ANGLE - A POOL OF WATER
text: At the CENTER of this IMMENSE WATER FLOWING CONSTRUCTION OF STEPS.
text: After a beat Jessica looks at the Old Man:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOGAN (softly)
dialog: I know...
dialog: (after a beat; to the
dialog: Old Man)
dialog: We're going to try and get in this
dialog: way. I don't think you can make it.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (sadly)
dialog: Oh...I did so look forward to seeing
dialog: all those people.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Can you make it back?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Oh my...I'll try.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (kissing the Old Man)
dialog: Goodbye.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Oh, my...
text: The Old Man watches Logan and Jessica dive into the POOL and
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: 367		THE OLD MAN
text: he bends and plays with the water in the POOL for a moment...like a
text: young child at a pond or lake.
scene_heading: 368		INT. - POWER CENTER OF THE CITY - LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Emerging from the water.
text: It is a labyrinth of humming turbines, automonitored cables and
dialog: impulse collectors.
text: Logan leads her swiftly through the humming maze toward an exit.
dialog: 369-
speaker_heading: 369Xl 	OUT
scene_heading: 369AX2	GREAT HALL - AT CAROUSEL ENTRANCE
text: As the CROWD is pouring in:
speaker_heading: LOGAN'S VOICE
dialog: No!! Don't go in there !!
text: The CROWD turns and looks up at:
speaker_heading: 369X2	LOGAN
text: On a high balcony in the Great Hall.
text: Looking down at them.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You don't have to die!! No one has
dialog: to die at thirty!!! You don't have
dialog: to blink out on Lastday. There's no
dialog: renewal on Carrousel! You can live
dialog: longer and grow old... I've seen it.
dialog: She's seen it!! Believe me!!
text: There is an angry murmur in the CROWD as Logan continues:
speaker_heading: LOGAN (holding up
dialog: his palm)
dialog: See... it's' clear. The Lifeclocks
dialog: are a lie - Carousel is a lie!!
scene_heading: 369X3	WIDEN ANGLE - INCLUDING SANDMEN
text: Trying to grab Logan. There is a struggle. Some Sandmen are knocked
text: over the railing.
text: But remaining Sandmen fire a gas tranquilizer which subdues Logan
dialog: and Jessica.
text: The CROWD cheers...and continues into Carousel as:
scene_heading: 370		INT. - SANDMAN DEBRIEFING AREA
dialog: It is the same area where Logan received the original assignment to
dialog: find and destroy Sanctuary.
text: In the rear...with the panel open...the sign reading:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PROBABILITY
dialog: 
text: blinks on and off.
text: Logan is dragged in by a number of SANDMEN.
text: We see Jessica , too, still groggy, being held by SANDMEN in the
dialog: b.g. of the SHOT.
text: Logan is placed on the chair in which his CRYSTAL was altered.
scene_heading: 371		CLOSE ANGLE - LOGAN IN THE CHAIR
text: A shaft of light glows on and he stiffens - bound by it.
speaker_heading: 372 		OUT
speaker_heading: 372X1-
scene_heading: 372X3	FULL SHOT - LOGAN AND THE SCREEN
text: As around him in the air, a series of spectral greenish HEADS appear
text: -- one after the other -in response to questions. Each of these
text: heads is Logan. Each revolves slowly on its axis as it responds.
text: As the real Logan (in the chair) is questioned, each of the heads
text: answers in turn. They are each a part of his persona and his brain.
speaker_heading: 373-378 	OUT
speaker_heading: 378X1-
text: 378X18	INTERCUT WITH CLOSER SHOTS OF LOGAN HIMSELF WRITHING IN
text: AGONY AS THE IMPASSIVE HEADS SPEAK.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - LOGAN AND HEADS
scene_heading: A. 						FIRST HEAD SPEAKS
dialog: (Logan's voice)
dialog: A Jewelry store.
text: B. Logan himself - twisting in pain.
text: C. The word NEGATIVE appears on the SCREEN.
scene_heading: D.						A SECOND HEAD
dialog: (Logan's voice)
dialog: A creature called Box - all frozen,
dialog: all frozen.
text: E. Logan writhes in the chair.
dialog: 
text: F. Again the word NEGATIVE appears on the SCREEN.
scene_heading: G. 						A THIRD IDENTICAL HEAD
dialog: (Logan's Voice)
dialog: No...There is no Sanctuary.
text: H. The SCREEN seems to shimmer. It blinks.
text: I. A third time the word negative appears on the SCREEN.
scene_heading: J. 						A FOURTH HEAD
dialog: (Logan's voice)
dialog: There is no Sanctuary
text: K. The SCREEN'S glow increases...to an almost blinding light...
text: starting to frighten the Sandmen present.
text: L. At the same time, we see JESSICA coming out of her tranquilized
text: daze...fearful...still in the Sandmen's custody.
speaker_heading: M.						A FIFTH HEAD
dialog: (Logan's voice)
text: An old man without a crystal...But
dialog: there is no Sanctuary.
text: N. Now the SCREEN is starting to spark. Behind it we SEE the
text: intermittent glow of overheated electronic components.
text: O. And we see the word negative...once more on the SCREEN -- but
text: broken now.
scene_heading: P. 						A SIXTH HEAD
dialog: (Logan's voice)
dialog: There is no Sanctuary.
text: Q. Now the noise and the light from the SCREEN are peaking...and we
text: can see the increasing fear of the Sandmen.
text: R. On the SCREEN the word negative is beginning to shake...as the
text: SCREEN begins to shake.
scene_heading: 379		FULL ANGLE - THE SIX HEADS
speaker_heading: LOGAN'S VOICE (emanating
dialog: from all of them)
dialog: There is no Sanctuary. There is
dialog: no Sanctuary.
text: The sign PROBABILITY bursts...the SIX HEADS of Logan go out.
text: The noise and the light coming out of the screen Increase, as it
text: begins to burst into showers of sparks and flame.
speaker_heading: 380-410 	OUT
scene_heading: 410X1	ANOTHER ANGLE - LOGAN
text: Straining twisting, as the light above him bursts, goes out in a
text: puff of smoke -- releasing him. Logan staggers to his feet in time
dialog: to meet:
speaker_heading: 410X2	SANDMEN
text: Rushing in from the Ready Room to join the others who have closed in
text: on Logan One holding Jessica.
scene_heading: 410X3	LOGAN AND SANDMEN
dialog: 
text: Manages to get one of the Sandmen's guns, instantly blasting him
text: with it. In the noise and confusion, the fight becomes general. A
text: Sandman fires back at Logan, misses -- the shot hits one of the
text: Lifeclocks which flares electrically, ribboning out a great arc.
text: Instantly Logan gets off a couple of shots at the other Lifeclocks
text: which similarly flare and burst into violent electrical fire and
dialog: discharges.
speaker_heading: 410X4	THE BATTLE
text: The electrical discharges, smoke and noise making great confusion.
text: Sandmen hampered by their own numbers and by trying to miss the
text: machinery. Logan firing methodically at the Lifeclocks, moving.
text: Stumbles over Jessica, prone in the smoke. Helps her to her feet.
text: Crouched, they make for the exit.
scene_heading: 410X5	ANOTHER ANGLE - THE. SCREEN
text: Sputtering its life out in strange predictive words....PROBABILITY
scene_heading: flashing on and off.... EQUILIBRIUM...DESTRUCT...EQUIL...NO
scene_heading: BALANCE...NO BALANCE...FAMINE... INACCEPTABLE ...NO BALANCE...etc.,
text: flashing vainly through the eddying smoke and the fierce discharges
text: which fill the great room.
speaker_heading: 410X6	SANDMEN
text: The battle is lost -- the smoke and noise overwhelming. They pick up
text: their wounded and get out as best they can.
scene_heading: 410X7	INT. SANDMAN H.Q. LOBBY
text: Sandmen rushing out through the gathering smoke and the flare of
text: fire behind them.
scene_heading: 410X8	EXT. SANDMAN H.Q.
text: Sandmen pouting out through smoke and fire effects. Pushing through
text: passers-by herding everyone away from the scene.
dialog: People getting the hell out of there.
dialog: Ad Libs: Get away from here. The whole thing's going.
scene_heading: 410X9	INT. LIFECLOCK ROOM
text: Through the smoke, etc. The Lifeclocks EXPLODE.
scene_heading: 410X10	EXT. SANDMAN H.Q.
text: The building EXPLODES -- great geyser of flame shooting upward.
speaker_heading: 410X11	GREAT HALL
text: The sound of the explosion creates panic. Lights begin to flicker.
text: The great red crystal lights fitfully on and off. People are
text: panicking, running in different directions. Some pressing into
dialog: Carrousel for safety.
speaker_heading: 410X12	CAROUSEL
text: As people run in there, the red crystal glowing and sputtering, the
text: petals moving spasmodically. As people look, the white crystal comes
text: on, begins spinning wildly, bursting into strange, lancing lights. A
text: great roaring commences and the whole arena starts to rock with the
text: crystals. Now the white crystal explodes and the whole room is
text: crisscrossed with deadly arcing discharges. People flee the scene of
dialog: destruction.
speaker_heading: 410X13	GREAT HALL
text: The panic is-full, people getting the hell out of there.
speaker_heading: 410X14	ARCADE
text: People are stampeding like cattle, all heading down and for the
text: exits, trampling each other in their fright.
speaker_heading: 410X15-
scene_heading: X21		PANIC MONTAGE SERIES OF CUTS
text: A. EXT. The City under the dome -- fitfully lit as the dome itself
text: seems to be cracking strange electrical discharges emanating from it
text: as from a gigantic line storm.
text: B. The lights in Arcade flicker and go dim.
text: C. The chandeliers in Arcade swaying, a couple falling onto the
text: screaming panicky people.
text: D. Maze-Car Station. People fighting to cram into cars. Car lights
text: go out. People turn and bolt in another direction.
text: E. Love Shop -- pandemonium as the drugged bodies clamber over each
text: other in fear, struggling to get away.
text: F. Great Hall emptying -- the signs of panic everywhere.
text: G. The great crystal -- a wildly spluttering electrical fire
dialog: wrecking it.
scene_heading: 410X22	EXT. - DOMED CITY - FIRE FX AND CRACKING
dialog: INTERCUT with above:
speaker_heading: 410X23	LOGAN AND JESSICA
text: Making their way through Cathedral -- out the dazzle chamber,
text: running O.S. past Maze Car Station.
speaker_heading: 410X24	LOGAN AND JESSICA
dialog: 
text: Running past Power Center.
scene_heading: 411	EXT. - CITY - FULL SHOT
text: The dome of the city torn. Lightning effects playing on the stunned
text: people...who look up and see the starry heavens, too, as they
text: stumble forward into the darkness.
text: A wind begins to blow...where air had never stirred anything. There
text: is a sense of wonder. Hysteria is lessening...as the people find
text: themselves moving through the crack...as they discover the fact that
text: the crystals have disappeared from their palms.
text: Some are joyful...others frightened...others puzzled...as they
text: emerge from the crack in the dome at:
scene_heading: 412		FULL ANGLE - THE ACRES OF STRANGE STEPPED CONSTRUCTION
dialog: 
text: We can still see the fires in the b.g. of the SHOT as Logan holds on
text: to Jessica...(like Gable onto Jeanette MacDonald at the end of SAN
text: FRANCISCO)...full of happiness and hope for the future.
text: AS people continue to mill all over the acres of strange stepped
text: construction...we see the Old Man WALKING INTO THE SHOT.
text: Logan and Jessica run to him. He looks around. People start to
dialog: gather...they have never seen a white-haired Old Man in their lives.
text: As people continue to gather around the Old Man... who couldn't be
text: more delighted...Logan and Jessica are smiling...inviting people to
dialog: touch him...and some do.
dialog: Yes, he is an old man...Yes, they will all live again to be old men
dialog: and old women...Yes, this is the world renewing itself once again.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
