dialog: 
speaker_heading: LORD OF WAR
dialog: Written by
dialog: Andrew Niccol
speaker_heading: FADE UP
text: CLOSE UP on the face of YURI ORLOV.
dialog: Late-thirties, maybe the wrong side of forty, cigarette dangling
text: from his fingers, wearing a conservative suit and tie.
text: Black smoke wafts in front of his face. He speaks matter-of-factly,
text: directly into camera.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: There are over 550 million firearms in
dialog: worldwide circulation. That's one firearm
dialog: for every twelve people on the planet. The
dialog: only question is...
dialog: (taking a draft and stubbing out
dialog: the cigarette)
dialog: ...how do we arm the other eleven?
text: The camera zooms away from his face, revealing:
text: Yuri alone on a battlefield surrounded by the charred carcasses of
text: armored military vehicles and other equipment, discarded weapons and
text: ammunition, desert floor stained with what appears to be blood.
text: The faint sound of gunfire, some distance away, carries to us on the
dialog: wind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A TITLE SEQUENCE FOLLOWS - A CONTINUOUS SHOT FROM A CAMERA
text: MOUNTED ON THE BACK OF A BULLET CASING - ILLUSTRATING THE
text: LIFESPAN OF THE BULLET.
text: - Gunpowder is poured into a metal casing, lead slug mounted on top.
text: A BULLET is born. A perfect 39mm.
text: - The BULLET travels along a conveyor belt with thousands of
text: identical siblings in a Ukrainian factory so grey it's monochrome.
text: - The BULLET, picked up by a ham-fisted UKRAINIAN FACTORY WORKER, is
text: tossed into a crate.
text: - The BULLET, lying in its open crate, rolls down a chute where it's
text: inspected by a UKRAINIAN MILITARY OFFICER holding a manifest. He
text: seems to stare directly at our BULLET.
speaker_heading: UKRAINIAN OFFICER
text: (to his SUBORDINATE carrying a
dialog: manifest, in Ukrainian)
dialog: Call it "agricultural machinery".
text: - The BULLET's crate rattles around in an open-bed truck along an
text: industrial road, passes a decapitated statue of LENIN.
text: - The crate containing our BULLET is placed on a ship in
text: the cold grey Odessa harbor. A container door closes, plunging the
text: bullet into darkness.
text: - The door re-opens. The BULLET, still in its crate, now basks in
text: bright, tropical sunshine, surrounded by an azure sea.
text: - The crate is removed by a pair of slim, dark hands, revealing a
text: glimpse of the bustling, weathered port of Abidjan in the Ivory
text: Coast. The crate is one of dozens unloaded from the ship.
text: - BULLET's POV from another open-air truck, now slogging through a
text: mud-clogged road in lush rainforest.
text: - The BULLET is unloaded from the truck in Freetown, Sierra Leone -
text: immediately grabbed by the young HAND of a RUF soldier.
text: - The BULLET is loaded into a 30-round magazine which is inserted
text: into an AK-47 machine gun.
text: - The BULLET waits - in the gloomy chamber. Suddenly, from outside,
text: the sound of raised voices and gunfire.
text: - The BULLET and its neighbors start to rise quickly up the magazine
text: towards the chamber as the Kalashnikov is fired.
dialog: - Our hero BULLET is next. Will it see action?
text: - Smack. The gun's bolt strieks the explosive cap, gunpowder
text: ignited, the BULLET driven out of the barrel.
text: - Shed of its casing - now only a slug - the BULLET emerges into
text: bright sunshine. It is flying down the main street in Freetown.
text: - The BULLET gives us a perfect point-of-view of the bullet ahead of
text: it. They are both flying towards their intended target - a wild-
text: eyed CHILD SOLDIER, a boy no more than twelve, firing an AK-47
text: almost as tall as he is.
text: - The leading bullet narrowly misses, whistles past the boy's ear,
text: striking the whitewashed wall behind - one more pock-mark in a
text: building riddled with pock-marks.
text: - Our BULLET, following close behind, finds its mark, slamming into
text: the boy's forehead just above his left eye - his expression, oddly
dialog: relieved.
text: - The BULLET carves through the lobes of the boy's brain
text: where it is enveloped in blood, finally plunged into
text: darkness - the bullet's final resting place.
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. ODESSA - MAIN STREET. DAY.
text: "Towards A Brighter Socialist Future", reads a billboard in the main
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: Odessa, U.S.S.R - 1980
text: Fifteen-year-old YURI walks into frame. He spies a long line
text: snaking away from the door of a barren grocery store.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I was born Yuri Orlovitch in the city of
text: Odessa in a country that no longer exists.
dialog: You might have heard of it - a little place
dialog: called the Soviet Union.
text: A YOUNG COMMUNIST sits in the shadow of a statue of Trotsky in the
text: Soviet-style plaza, jacket and neckerchief removed in the summer heat,
text: poring over a Communist text. Yuri approaches, pretends to be
text: interested in the statue, glances to the Young Communist's book.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (in subtitled Ukrainian, looking over
dialog: the idealist's shoulder)
dialog: All property is theft.
text: The Young Communist nods at this kindred spirit. Yuri pats his
text: comrade on the back, taking the opportunity to steal the boy's red
dialog: neckerchief and Lenin pin.
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY STORE. DAY.
text: Now wearing the pin in his own jacket along with the neckerchief and
text: a stern expression, YURI strides to the front of the line in the
dialog: store.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Where I grew up, everyone was equal. Some
dialog: were just more equal than others.
text: The female STORE CLERK is about to order Yuri to the back of the
text: line when Yuri flashes the pin.
text: Intimidated, the Clerk smiles and pulls a special tray from under
text: the counter. In contrast to the meager offerings on the shelves,
text: the tray contains bags of sugar, coffee, bananas, even Pepsi.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - ODESSA. DAY.
text: A Soviet-style apartment building. Front door opens - YURI enters,
text: shopping bag in hand.
text: His mother, IRINA, pokes her head out of the kitchen. Yuri holds up
dialog: a banana.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (in subtitled Ukrainian)
dialog: Shortages? What shortages?
text: Irina shakes her head in amazement.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM. DAY.
text: While a parade of weapons in Red Square plays silently on the state-
dialog: controlled TV, father ANATOLY and Military Cadet older brother
text: VITALY, shoulder bandaged, sit at a tiny table, drinking cheap vodka
text: and listening intently to an illegal shortwave radio - coat hanger
dialog: for antenna.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: My father was a wounded hero of World War Two, my
dialog: younger brother was wounded in Afghanistan - a
dialog: war without heroes. I'd gotten out of military
dialog: service due to a heart problem - it wasn't
dialog: completely a lie.
text: YURI joins them, careful not to interrupt the broadcoast.
text: He goes to pour himself a glass of vodka. Without looking away from
text: the radio, his father's hand grasps Yuri's in a vice-like grip,
text: preventing him from lifting the bottle.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: (impossibly upper-crust British
dialog: accent)
dialog: --Finally, in response to human rights
dialog: protests and in an effort to encourage the
dialog: United States to sell grain to the Soviet
dialog: Union after two successive crop failures, it
dialog: is reported that the politburo has consented
dialog: to permit a limited number of Jews to
dialog: emigrate from the Soviet Union to Israel.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And that concludes this edition of news from
dialog: the BBC World Service.
text: Anatoly, deep in thought, switches off the radio. IRINA enters,
text: puts Yuri's "feast" on the table.
text: They speak Ukrainian, subtitled.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Trading Jews for grain.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (reaching for a banana)
dialog: It's good P.R. - for the Moscow Olympics.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Good for the Jews.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: And us.
text: All eyes to Yuri, family confused.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: We're Jewish.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: We're not Jewish.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: We're Jewish if we say we're Jewish.
text: The stunned family stares at him - out of the mouths of babes. Anatoly
text: finally breaks the silence, pours Yuri a drink.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: Mazeltov.
text: Yuri and the family drink to their new identity.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, ODESSA. DAY.
text: A sea of Jewish gravestones.
text: YURI and ANATOLY bribe the cemetery CUSTODIAN.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: There have been few occasions in the
dialog: twentieth century when it's been an
dialog: advantage to be a Jew.
text: Under his father's watchful gaze, Yuri takes a rubbing from one of
text: the headstones - "ORLOV".
scene_heading: INT. UKRAINIAN GOVERNMENT OFFICE. DAY.
text: ANATOLY, with YURI at his side, presents the rubbing along with
text: other crudely forged paperwork confirming their Jewish ancestry to a
text: CLERK. "ORLOVITCH" now "ORLOV".
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The rubbing from the Jewish headstone was my
dialog: first forged document. Little about my life
dialog: has been kosher ever since.
text: The Clerk gives Anatoly and Yuri the once-over, then
dialog: stamps an emigration visa.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT, BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Suitcase in hand, YURI surveys his bedroom for the last time.
text: A car horn. He glances through the window to the communist-style
text: plaza below. ANATOLY beckons impatiently to Yuri. VITALY and IRINA
text: load overstuffed suitcases into an old Russian sedan driven by an
dialog: old Russian Military Officer, UNCLE DMITRI.
text: Yuri stares at himself in the mirror. He replaces his stolen Soviet
dialog: pin for a necklace - a Star of David.
scene_heading: INT. BEN GURION AIRPORT - TEL AVIV. DAY.
text: CLOSE UP on a heavily-retouched photograph of GOLDA MEIR. She's
dialog: still not pretty.
text: YURI stares up at it.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: We Russian Jews were supposed to be headed
dialog: for Israel but I didn't see much of the
dialog: country on that first trip.
text: We reveal he is standing in a jam-packed, standing-roam-only
dialog: "TRANSIT" lounge.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Real Jews or fake Jews, eighty-five percent
dialog: of us ended up in that other "promised
dialog: land".
text: The Pan American destination board reads: "PA 447 to NEW YORK".
scene_heading: EXT. BRIGHTON BEACH - "LITTLE ODESSA". DUSK.
text: In the distance, a roller coaster in Coney Island, silhouetted
text: against the afternoon sky.
dialog: "Little Odessa", New York - 1984
text: The camera travels off the coaster to a restaurant, apartment above
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: We congregated in New York's Brighton Beach
dialog: because of its similarity to the Crimean
dialog: Sea. I've always thought it's appropriate
dialog: we moved next door to the circus.
scene_heading: INT. "CRIMEAN RESTAURANT" - LITTLE ODESSA. DAY.
text: A typical Jewish establishment with all its paraphernalia - menorah
text: on the mantle, etc. The family sits in a small dining room
text: attached to the restaurant. ANATOLY reads the Torah as he waits
text: for dinner with YURI and VITALY.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I had no idea my father would take his
dialog: assumed identity so much to heart. I guess
dialog: he just stayed in character.
text: YURI, older, as we now know him, studies school work. Long-haired
text: VITALY watches "Band Aid" on TV.
text: IRINA puts a plate of mussels in front of Anatoly.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
text: (glaring at the plate,
dialog: incredulous)
dialog: How many times--I can't eat shellfish. It's
dialog: "treyf".
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: You're not Jewish.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: I like it.
dialog: (picking up his felt fedora)
dialog: I like the hat - to remind us there's
dialog: something above us. I like that.
text: Anatoly dons his hat.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY (cont'd)
dialog: I'm going to temple.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: You're not going to temple. You go to
dialog: temple more than the rabbi!
text: Vitaly begins eating his father's plate of mussels. Yuri watches his
dialog: father exit.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I was suffering an identity crisis of my own.
text: We focus on orientation booklets from a careers fair. Yuri shuffles
text: between the eagle of the CIA and the dove of the U.N.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: My gift for languages made me highly sought
dialog: after. The C.I.A. and U.N. were both heavily
dialog: recruiting Russian immigrants.
text: Yuri settles on the dove.
scene_heading: EXT. UNITED NATIONS. DAY.
text: The idealistic YURI, ill-fitting suit, full of optimism, approaches
dialog: the United Nations Building.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Naturally, I went with the U.N. They were
dialog: paying more.
text: He strides past Luxembourg's gift to the U.N. - a sculpture of a gun
text: with its barrel tied in a knot. Never gives it a look.
text: He is greeted at the entrance by an attractive female U.N. Official,
text: VIVIAN CARLISLE. She likes what she sees.
scene_heading: INT. ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIER. DAY.
text: The blue helmeted YURI is seated in a white U.N. armored personnel
text: carrier, the background behind him morphs from
dialog: one Third World location to another: Third World desert
dialog: to Third World rainforest to Third World slum.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The fastest way to find out you can't change
dialog: the world is to actually go there.
scene_heading: EXT. NRFL REBEL HEADQUARTERS - NORTHERN LIBERIA. DAY.
text: Poolside at a recently-captured Southern-style colonial mansion, a
dialog: long way from Georgia.
dialog: Gbamga, Liberia - 1985
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: West Africa's Liberia, or "land of the
dialog: free", was originally established in the
dialog: 1800's as a homeland for freed American
dialog: negroes. It's been enslaved by one dictator
dialog: or another ever since. They even copied
dialog: their masters' Southern architecture.
text: A tatty pile of weapons - some from World War II - sits in front of
text: a long negotiating table.
text: YURI, blue beret, observes the CHIEF U.N. ENVOY at the table
dialog: opposite warlord ANDRE BAPTISTE, leader of the National
speaker_heading: Revolutionary Front of Liberia (NRFL).
text: Baptiste, 40's, is an imposing figure. In full uniform despite the
text: heat, he wears a jacket one size too small as if he cannot admit his
text: extra few pounds. His THIRD WIFE stands next to him, wiping the
text: sweat from his brow like an intermittent windscreen wiper.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: It was my first meeting with the American-
dialog: educated Andre Roosevelt Baptiste. While
dialog: the warning signs were all there, no one had
dialog: any idea what a monster he would eventually
dialog: become. I certainly didn't think he would
dialog: become my friend.
text: Baptiste has a U.N. document in front of him, awaiting his
text: signature, clearly enjoying his moment in the sun.
speaker_heading: U.N. ENVOY
dialog: (referring to the meager pile
dialog: of weapons)
dialog: --With all due respect, Mr. Baptiste, you
dialog: don't seriously expect us to believe that
dialog: this represents your entire arsenal.
dialog: Baptiste shrugs.
speaker_heading: U.N. ENVOY (cont'd)
dialog: This is making a nonsense of the embargo
dialog: ratified by all five permanent members of
dialog: the Security Council. The escalation in the
dialog: build up of arms jeopardizes not only order
dialog: in the region but ultimately world order.
text: Baptiste smiles.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: (playing to the gallery)
dialog: --World order? You say we jeopardize world
dialog: order?
text: Baptiste's Third Wife wipes his brow.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE (cant'd)
dialog: Your idea of world order is when you're
dialog: giving the orders to the world.
text: The Envoy has no response.
text: Baptiste rises from the table, leaving the unsigned document sitting
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE (cant'd)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Baptiste is accompanied by two armed BODYGUARDS. Yuri's commanding
text: officer, CAPTAIN VIVIAN CARLISLE, motions for one of her detail to
dialog: follow - Yuri.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: (irritated by Yuri's presence)
dialog: I am only going to the restroom.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Orders.
text: They reach the door marked, "MEN".
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
text: (aside to his bodyguards as he enters)
dialog: This is what they mean by U.N. Observer?
text: Yuri winces at the remark.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL MANSION RESTROOM. DAY.
text: BAPTISTE pisses at a urinal. YURI and the BODYGUARDS hang back a
text: respectful distance.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: (taunting Yuri)
dialog: Aren't you going to help me hold my cock?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (glancing towards the urinal)
dialog: Doesn't look like a job for two men.
text: The BODYGUARDS stiffen at the insult. Baptiste stares Yuri down for
text: a moment, then suddenly bursts into laughter. The TWO BODYGUARDS
text: also start to laugh - cautiously.
text: Baptiste washes his hands, stares at Yuri in the mirror, smiles.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: You know you are fighting a losing battle,
dialog: my young friend. War is nature. If you
dialog: take away the guns, we will kill each other
dialog: with knives. Take away the knives, we will
dialog: kill each other with sticks. Take away the
dialog: sticks, we will kill each other with your
dialog: peace treaties.
dialog: (turning to face Yuri)
dialog: You cannot stop this bath of blood.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: It's not "bath of blood". It's, "blood
dialog: bath".
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: Thank you. But I like it my way.
text: Baptiste smiles and exits, leaving the words ringing in Yuri's head.
scene_heading: EXT. U.N. COMPOUND - MONROVIA. DAY.
text: A pep rally for the mostly male U.N. PEACEKEEPERS. A stage has been
text: erected in the rundown Embassy grounds. They chant and stamp their feet
dialog: impatiently.
text: A U.N. OFFICER, acting as M.C., approaches the microphone.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: (battling the microphone's
dialog: feedback)
dialog: And now, we have a surprise for you. The
dialog: 83rd West African Peacekeeping Corp is proud
dialog: to present, all the way from El Salvador,
dialog: the newly crowned Miss World, Ava Cordova.
text: From behind a jerry-rigged curtain appears the vision that is AVA
text: CORDOVA. She wears a dress that appears to have been sewn onto her.
text: She is obscenely beautiful in the squalid setting.
text: The peacekeepers roar and whistle their approval. YURI, near the front
text: of the stage, is hypnotized.
text: Standing closer to Yuri than necessary, despite the crush, is CAPTAIN
text: VIVIAN CARLISLE (attractive in her own right but pales in comparison
text: with the Goddess on stage). She catches Yuri's reaction.
speaker_heading: U.N. PEACEKEEPERS
dialog: (chanting to Ava)
dialog: Take it off, baby! Take it off!
text: Ava steps up to the microphone.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (referring to the sea of U.N.
dialog: berets)
dialog: Baby blue. My favorite color!
text: A roar of approval from the men.
speaker_heading: AVA (cant'd)
dialog: I suppose I could give you the speech about
dialog: "my hope for world peace" but I have a
dialog: feeling you don't want to hear that today.
speaker_heading: U.N. PEACEKEEPER
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: My hope is for a piece of your ass!
text: They roar again.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (laughing it off)
dialog: I don't know if you'll be taking me to bed
dialog: tonight, darling, but you can take her.
text: Ava unfurls a life-size poster of herself in a swimsuit,
text: flirtatiously holding it up against her body. She tosses other
text: posters to eager hands.
speaker_heading: AVA (cant'd)
dialog: You're all doing a great job - keep it up. Enjoy the
dialog: show!
text: On stage, a generic-looking ROCK GROUP starts to play a cover from
text: the 80's - Tears For Fears' "Shout". Ava dances enthusiastically,
text: provocatively.
text: Ava appears to make eye-contact with Yuri - blowing a kiss in his
text: direction. He is paralyzed.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: BACKSTAGE, YURI and other Peacekeepers observe AVA escorted towards
text: a huge, American car. An inebriated U.N. PEACEKEEPER tries to get
dialog: her attention.
speaker_heading: U.N. PEACEKEEPER
dialog: Ava! Ava!
text: As the young man reaches out to her, a slick, handsome BUSINESS
text: MANAGER shoves him aside.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Don't touch what you can't afford.
text: The Manager slips into the car beside Ava. The U.N. Peacekeeper and
text: Yuri watch the car roar away.
speaker_heading: U.N. PEACEKEEPER
dialog: (regretting indulging the fantasy)
dialog: Let's get drunk.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN MONROVIA - BAR. NIGHT.
text: YURI and two other U.N. PEACEKEEPERS get loaded on local beer with
text: local PROSTITUTES - one of the peacekeepers pouring beer down a
text: prostitute's throat.
text: From the shadows across the street, a LIBERIAN MAN observes the
dialog: group.
text: Yuri's colleagues toss some Liberian dollars at a waiter and stagger
text: drunkenly away from the bar, leaning for support on the PROSTITUTES.
text: YURI remains at the verandah, exchanges a smile with a YOUNG
text: PROSTITUTE, at least two years from legal.
text: He's tempted. He knocks back his drink. He approaches the girl -
text: presses a few bills into her hand. She picks up her purse, makes to
text: leave with him but he motions her to stay.
speaker_heading: MONROVIAN GIRL
dialog: (referring to the money)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (explaining the tip)
dialog: For the smile.
text: Yuri exits alone. The Liberian Man, across the street, follows.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN MONROVIA - STREET. NIGHT.
text: YURI walks down a poorly-lit sidestreet. He feels something in his
text: back - stops abruptly. His hand reflexively goes to his holster.
dialog: Empty.
text: He turns. The young LIBERIAN MAN is holding him up with his own
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (mixing English and French)
dialog: Fuck, no, no, no, no--fuck, no. Money? You
dialog: want money?
dialog: (going through his pockets,
text: he starts pulling out loose bills)
dialog: Fuck, no. Don't shoot. Don't shoot me.
dialog: Fuck. U.S. dollars.
dialog: (referring to the face on a five
dialog: dollar bill)
dialog: President Lincoln.
text: The Liberian puts his finger to his lips to hush Yuri.
text: The Liberian appears more interested in the gun than the hold-up.
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN
dialog: (in flawless English)
dialog: Glock .45.
text: The Liberian produces a crisp U.S. twenty dollar bill of his own,
dialog: offers it to Yuri.
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN (cont'd)
dialog: (referring to the face on a twenty
dialog: dollar bill)
dialog: Jackson.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What?
text: Yuri stares at the money, bewildered.
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN
dialog: President Jackson.
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN
dialog: (misinterpreting him)
dialog: You are driving a hard bargain.
text: He hands Yuri a second twenty.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (flabbergasted)
dialog: No, keep it. Keep the money. Keep the gun.
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN
dialog: (offended)
dialog: What do you take me for - a thief?
text: The Liberian stuffs the money in the pocket of the bewildered
dialog: Yuri.
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN
dialog: Demand and supply.
dialog: (referring to the gun)
dialog: There is more I am thinking where this comes
dialog: from.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You want more Glocks?
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN
text: And the Heckler &amp; Koch G-3 assault rifle.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What makes you think I'll do that?
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN
dialog: (quizzical)
dialog: I will come back and shoot you with the
dialog: Glock.
dialog: (checking the magazine, referring
dialog: to the bullets)
dialog: By the way, do you have the hollow point
dialog: cartridges?
text: Yuri stares at the man.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (facetious, nodding to the gun)
dialog: You got any color preference for that?
speaker_heading: LIBERIAN MAN
dialog: (missing the sarcasm, regarding the gun)
dialog: Kelly green.
dialog: (meeting Yuri's eye)
dialog: I will find you.
text: The Liberian walks away, still admiring his new weapon. Yuri stares
dialog: after him.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: He'd come to the right place - peacekeepers
dialog: are armed to the teeth. And nothing but
dialog: premium product. The U.N. mostly buys from
dialog: Switzerland - where else?
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN CARLISLE'S PRIVATE QUARTERS. NIGHT.
text: CLOSE ON two blue helmets lying beside each other.
text: YURI and CAPTAIN VIVIAN CARLISLE are under the mosquito netting of a
text: bed in her private quarters - trying to get each other out of their
text: respective clothes as fast as possible - mouths and hands
dialog: everywhere.
text: Even in the heat of the moment, VIVIAN is unable to completely let
dialog: go of her work.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: (between heavy breaths)
dialog: What are we doing here, Yuri?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (kissing her nipple)
dialog: Whatever you want.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: You know what I mean. Here, in this
dialog: country. Are we doing any good?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (finally telling her what she
dialog: wants to hear)
dialog: Would nothing be better?
text: Satisfied with the answer, she completely gives in to the throes of
text: passion - pulls him to her.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: VIVIAN, satiated, dozes amongst the rumpled sheets, backside
dialog: exposed.
text: YURI uses the opportunity to take an impression of the key attached
text: to her belt.
scene_heading: EXT. EMBASSY COMPOUND. NIGHT.
text: A white armored personnel carrier sits unattended.
text: The LIBERIAN MAN and two COLLEAGUES approach the carrier's door. It
text: opens with their newly-made key.
text: The men start to unload the weapons inside the carrier, spilling a
text: box of ammunition in their haste.
text: The camera drifts off the carrier to reveal YURI, behind the
text: barracks, counting a thick wad of U.S. dollars.
text: Spying a lone BULLET on the ground, Yuri picks it up. We sense he has
dialog: made a decision from which there is no return.
scene_heading: EXT. INT. "THE CRIMEAN" RESTAURANT - BRIGHTON BEACH. DAY.
text: The BULLET has been turned into a pendant, replacing Yuri's Star of
dialog: David.
text: YURI, wearing a sharp, new suit, enters the family restaurant. One
text: table of CUSTOMERS - not exactly a thriving concern.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The starting salary for a U.N. interpreter
dialog: back then was $32,000. I made fifty K on
dialog: "misplaced" weapons on that one trip alone.
dialog: I doubt the Secretary General noticed. The
text: U.N. spends more on lunch.
text: Yuri kisses father and Maitre d', ANATOLY, who is adding more Jewish
text: decoration to the window. He bear hugs mother, IRINA, nearly
text: causing her to drop the plates she is carrying.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: My tour as a peacekeeper was the perfect
dialog: preparation for war.
text: Irina notices the change in her son's appearance.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Who are you? You're not my son. My son
dialog: doesn't own such a suit.
text: Yuri flashes his killer smile in response.
text: Out of their sight, he slips a hundred dollar bill into the cash
text: register and breezes into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. "THE CRIMEAN" RESTAURANT - KITCHEN. DAY.
text: VITALY, now chef in the family business, prepares a Russian borscht
text: in a kitchen unlikely to pass a health inspection.
text: YURI tastes the food, pretends to gag, spits it out in the sink.
text: Vitaly affectionately cuffs his older brother - the joke
text: obviously a familiar ritual.
text: Yuri takes his brother to the kitchen's rear door.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE CRIMEAN" RESTAURANT. DAY.
text: At the back of the restaurant, YURI and VITALY sit on the steps
text: amongst the garbage cans.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You know who's going to inherit the earth?
text: Vitaly looks at him blankly.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Arms dealers - because everybody else is too
text: busy killing each other.
text: YURI plonks a glossy arms brochure in front of Vitaly. He takes in
dialog: the contents.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (regarding his brother)
dialog: It's a hell of a fucking career move.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: That's the point. I've seen how the world's
dialog: coming apart.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: And you want to help with that?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You can't stop it.
dialog: (warming to his theme)
dialog: It's a basic human need - we eat, sleep,
dialog: sleep with each other and what else? Fight.
text: The oldest human skeletons have spearheads
text: in their rib cages.
text: Vitaly is still skeptical.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: What do you know about guns?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (joking darkly)
dialog: I know which end I'd rather be on.
dialog: (adopting a serious tone)
dialog: Every day there are people shooting at each
dialog: other. I think to myself, what guns are
dialog: they using? Why not mine?
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (pressing his argument)
dialog: Vitaly, I've tasted your borscht, you're no
dialog: fucking chef. I can eat here for free and I
dialog: still don't eat here. You're doing nothing
dialog: with your life.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Maybe doing nothing's better than doing
dialog: this.
dialog: (referring to an image
dialog: of a gun)
dialog: Yuri, I've actually fired one of these
dialog: things.
text: Yuri puts his arm around his brother's shoulder.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: That's why I need you.
dialog: (coaxing)
dialog: Brothers in arms.
text: Vitaly smiles, looks sold.
scene_heading: EXT. ISRAEL CENTRAL TEMPLE - BRIGHTON BEACH. DAY.
text: ANATOLY makes his way to the synagogue. YURI, hastily adjusting his
text: yarmulke, falls into step.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (pleasantly surprised)
dialog: Finally getting in touch with what's
dialog: important, my Son?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Yes.
text: However, instead of the synagogue, he is fixed on another
text: distinguished Jewish man, ELI KURTZMAN, on a street corner also on
text: his way to temple.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: It wasn't God I was trying to get close to.
text: Anatoly introduces Yuri to Eli, who regards Yuri warily.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Dad's contacts at synagogue landed me my first
dialog: Israeli-made Uzis and an introduction to the
dialog: biggest of the big guns.
text: CLOSE ON THE UNDERCARRIAGE OF A TWA 747, TAKING OFF FROM JFK.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION CENTER - PARIS. DAY.
text: A platoon of attractive YOUNG WOMEN in camouflage mini-dresses show off
text: the latest sniper rifles and grenade launchers.
text: An ASIAN BUSINESSMAN pitches hardware to YURI. VITALY is more
dialog: interested in the girls.
speaker_heading: ASIAN BUSINESSMAN
dialog: (brochure in hand)
dialog: --I can get you the shoulder-fired SA-7
text: surface-to-air missiles. The older Chinese
dialog: model. Not so effective against modern
dialog: military aircraft but deadly if used against
dialog: a commercial airliner. I'm giving them away
dialog: at eight-fifty.
text: Yuri notices that his vendor's attention has wandered to a suave
text: older gentleman, SIMEON ZAHAROFF, surrounded by eager VENDORS of all
text: nationalities. The Asian man joins the enthusiastic throng.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: It was the eighties and the Cold War was far
dialog: from thawed. Most of the deals were
dialog: government-to-government. There were some go-
dialog: betweens - freelancers - but it was a mostly
text: private club with a lifetime club president.
text: Yuri drags Vitaly away from the sales girls.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: That's him. The guy Eli told me about. Simeon
dialog: Zaharoff. Brokered deals in the Iran/Iraq war
dialog: - both sides, sold missiles to Argentina in the
dialog: Falklands. Hets a fucking legend. I've got to
dialog: talk to him.
text: Yuri pushes past Zaharoff's entourage.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Simeon! Simeon!
text: A BODYGUARD tries to step between Yuri and Zaharoff.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (stepping between the bodyguard
dialog: and Yuri)
dialog: They're talking.
text: Zaharoff, irritated, nonetheless humors Yuri.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: A mutual friend, Eli Kurtzman from Brighton
dialog: Beach Import-Export said to contact you. I
dialog: have a business proposal. Perhaps we can
text: discuss it - over a drink.
text: Simeon looks him up and down.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: You're in the wrong place my young friend.
dialog: This is no place for amateurs.
text: Simeon walks away without another word. Vitaly shrugs. Yuri
text: fumes.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (under his breath in Ukrainian)
dialog: Yob tvayu mat. (Subtitled - Motherfucker.)
text: Yuri watches Simeon go, surrounded by flunkies.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Curious how you always revert to your native
text: tongue in moments of extreme anger...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - PARIS. NIGHT
text: Camouflage minidress and beret are now discarded on the floor - a
text: contrast to the blue helmet seen earlier.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: ...and ecstacy.
text: YURI and VITALY are getting it on with two SALES GIRLS.
text: We pan from one couple in the living room, Vitaly, to the one in
dialog: the bedroom, Yuri.
text: We focus on Yuri, in the midst of the act - hears his brother's
text: moans in Ukrainian.
speaker_heading: VITALY (O.C.)
dialog: Boh...Boh. Oh, Boh! (Subtitle: God...God.
dialog: Oh, God!)
text: Yuri smiles at Vitaly's cries. Something catches Yuri's eye on TV.
text: CLOSE UP OF A TV SCREEN
text: showing images of the aftermath of the suicide bombing at the U.S.
dialog: barracks in Lebanon.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Vitaly and I found our niche in under-the-
dialog: counter gunrunning - regimes suffering under
dialog: sanctions.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BEIRUT, LEBANON. DAY.
text: A street lined with shelled buildings.
dialog: Beirut, Lebanon - 1986
text: Through one of the shell holes, we glimpse YURI and VITALY with a
scene_heading: LEBANESE CUSTOMER.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The job wasn't so different trom the U.N. I
dialog: was just as neutral working for the ununited
dialog: nations. An equal opportunity "merchant of
dialog: death", I supplied every army but the
dialog: Salvation Army.
text: We track with them, only getting occasional glimpses through the
text: holes as they make their way through the war-torn streets of
dialog: Lebanon.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: We got our start in Lebanon after the
dialog: suicide bombing.
text: They enter a building carrying a crude rendering of a Coke sign -
text: "Taste Life." The model drinking the Coke is Ava Cordova.
scene_heading: INT. BEIRUT WAREHOUSE. DAY.
text: Inside the warehouse is a ten foot high, unruly pile of junked
dialog: weapons.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
text: When the United States leaves a war zone,
dialog: they generally don't take their munitions.
dialog: It costs more to bring it back than buy new
dialog: stock.
text: YURI and VITALY usher the CUSTOMER over to an industrial scale
text: loaded with assorted weapons.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I sell by the kilo.
text: The CUSTOMER checks the combined weight of the weapons.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: They're second-hand weapons but they're
dialog: still okay.
text: Both men pullout calculators and start haggling over the price.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: For all my language skills, I soon
dialog: discovered that what talks best is money.
dialog: As long as you can speak dollars, dinars,
dialog: drachmas, rubles, rupees, pesos, escudos,
dialog: lira, krones, kwanzas, trancs, guilders,
dialog: deutshmarks, yen and pounds-fucking-
dialog: sterling, you can communicate anywhere in
dialog: the world.
text: Money is finally exchanged. Yuri and Vitaly leave the Customer with
dialog: his munitions pot-pourri.
scene_heading: EXT. BEIRUT WAREHOUSE. DAY.
text: CLOSE ON a row of military decorations on an army jacket.
text: U.S. Army Officer, COLONEL OLIVER SOUTHERN, in dress uniform,
text: adjusts the ribbons on his chest in the side mirror of a U.S.
text: armored personnel carrier.
text: YURI approaches. In full view, he hands the Colonel a cut of the
dialog: money.
text: The Colonel places the money in the same pocket decorated with
dialog: ribbons.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BEIRUT, LEBANON. DAY.
text: YURI and VITALY walk back along the shelled street, Yuri recounting
dialog: what's left of the money.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (irritated by the meager amount)
dialog: This is bullshit money, Vit - small fucking
dialog: potatoes.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: What do we do, go more legitimate?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: No. More illegal.
text: Vitaly nods thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: What I'd give right now for a plate of red
dialog: cabbage and potatoes.
text: The wall explodes with gunfire.
text: Yuri and Vitaly drop to the ground, money flying.
text: The machine gun fire subsides, a shower of dust, fragments of brick
text: and hundred dollar bills still floating to the ground.
text: Vitaly, first to recover, draws his own handgun, sneaks a look
text: through a shell hole.
text: On the other side of the wall, a firing squad of MILITIAMEN has
text: executed one group of MEN, lying contorted, slumped against the
text: wall. Their bound hands and feet give the bodies a macabre
dialog: awkwardness.
text: Yuri is scrabbling in the dust for the cash.
text: The Militiamen prepare to execute another six men. Men? We focus
text: on one HANDSOME YOUNG LEBANESE BOY, barely in his teens.
text: Vitaly, gun poised, goes to intervene. A HAND, stuffed with cash,
text: stops him. Yuri.
text: The brothers' eyes meet.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (whisper, motioning for them
dialog: to leave)
dialog: It's not our fight.
text: Vitaly's eyes well with tears.
text: After one look back to the teenage boy, Vitaly reluctantly complies
text: - running with Yuri, heads down, away from the scene.
text: As they run, the wall explodes again with gunfire.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON RONALD REAGAN
text: - a cardboard cut-out planted in a sand dune.
text: YURI and VITALY carry a crate from a taxi onto the desert floor in
text: Somalia. A group of MUSLIM FREEDOM FIGHTERS eagerly surround the crate -
text: Yuri hands the Leader an Uzi machine gun.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I sold Israeli-made Uzis to Muslims.
text: The Muslim Leader tests it - shooting up the cardboard REAGAN.
text: His fighters applaud, Yuri and Vitaly slightly embarrassed.
scene_heading: EXT. HIMALAYAS. DAY.
text: A helicopter strains in the thin air to land on the Siachen Glacier
dialog: in the Himalayas.
text: YURI and VITALY, in thick parkas, emerge from the helicopter into
dialog: near-blizzard conditions.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I sold to both Pakistan and India in their
dialog: fight tor the most inhospitable land on
dialog: earth.
text: INDIAN TROOPS, unseen at first due to their white camouflage
text: uniforms, descend on the chopper - eager to unload the new guns and
dialog: ammunition.
text: Yuri gasps for breath in the thin air. An INDIAN SOLDIER gives Yuri
text: a hit of oxygen as Vitaly supervises the unloading.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: INDIAN COMMANDER
dialog: (admiring a new gun)
dialog: We're making terrific progress - most
text: casualties from avalanches and frostbite.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (uncertain smile)
dialog: Make sure you thaw out the guns before you fight.
text: Yuri nods, takes another hit of oxygen.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER TOWN - CONGO. DAY.
text: The town is deserted. YURI and VITALY are confused as they prepare
text: to unload an arms consignment from a truck.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: We had our set-backs. It's not called
text: gunrunning for nothing.
text: Up the street, a celebration is taking place - a band, balloons,
dialog: confetti, dancing.
text: Finally, a Congolese man, JOHN "CANNIBAL" NGAWE, appears at the
dialog: warehouse.
text: The conversation is in French.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (from the boat)
dialog: Cannibal, what's going on?
speaker_heading: CANNIBAL
dialog: Cease fire, man. Cease fire. It's over.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What?! What do you mean it's over?
speaker_heading: CANNIBAL
dialog: Truce. We're friends, man.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (looking to his unopened crates,
dialog: more and more agitated)
dialog: Friends?! You can't be fucking friends.
dialog: Last week I spoke to you on the phone. You
dialog: said you would not rest until every last
dialog: rebel was dead. You called them vermin.
dialog: You said would piss in their mouths, you
dialog: said you would exterminate them like
dialog: cockroaches. Just last week, you said this!
speaker_heading: CANNIBAL
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: That was last week, man.
text: Cannibal starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Cannibal, don't you fucking walk away from
dialog: me!
text: Cannibal flashes Yuri a peace sign.
speaker_heading: CANNIBAL
dialog: Peace, man!
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Fuck you, Cannibal!!
text: Yuri looks to Vitaly.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (referring to the truck)
dialog: Maybe we can offload it - the Balkans.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (nodding in agreement)
dialog: At least when they say they're going to have
dialog: a war, they keep their word.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN AFGHANISTAN. DAY.
text: YURI and VITALY stand at a checkpoint in the rugged mountains. Guns and
text: ammunition are strapped to donkeys tended by MUJAHIDEEN FIGHTERS. An
text: AFGHANI OFFICIAL inspects the cargo.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I even shipped cargo to Afghanistan when
dialog: they were still fighting fellow Russians.
dialog: But I never sold to Osama bin Laden. Not
dialog: for any moral grounds. Back then he was
dialog: always bouncing checks.
speaker_heading: AFGHANI OFFICIAL
dialog: I hope you're not thinking of selling these,
dialog: Mr. Orlov.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Personal use.
speaker_heading: AFGHANI OFFICIAL
dialog: There's a hundred thousand bullets here.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I'm kind of trigger happy.
text: Vitaly hands the Official his documentation - clipped to it, a thick
dialog: wad of bills.
text: The Afghani Official smiles. He returns to his mud-brick border
text: station beside the confiscated merchandise.
text: Yuri focuses on a swimsuit calendar hanging on the mud wall - Miss
speaker_heading: May is AVA CORDOVA.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: And everywhere I went, Ava Cordova kept
dialog: following me around. We were as
dialog: international as each other.
scene_heading: EXT. FREIGHTER SHIP. DAY.
text: We tilt up from the water to find YURI on the deck of a freighter,
text: ploughing the ballpoint blue seas off the coast of Colombia.
dialog: North of Barranquilla, Colombia - 1989
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Operations like mine provided the only way
dialog: for certain regimes to conduct a respectable
dialog: war.
text: VITALY holds onto a railing trying to stave off seasickness, not
text: helped by standing downwind from Yuri's cigarette smoke.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The freighter I was standing on carried 113
dialog: tons of weapons and ammunition for delivery
dialog: to one of the poorest nations in Latin
dialog: America in direct contravention of half a
dialog: dozen international arms embargoes.
text: Yuri makes a call on his cell phone.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: To keep authorities in the dark, I often spoke
dialog: in code. Rocket launchers were "mothers", the
dialog: rockets "children". Assault rifles were
dialog: "apples". The AK-47 was "the Angel King".
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: The Angel King will arrive
dialog: tomorrow...Hallelujah to you too.
text: Yuri hangs up. His phone rings with an incoming call.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes?...Slow the fuck down--what do you mean,
dialog: tipped off? They know where we are?! Where
dialog: are they?!
text: Yuri grabs a pair of binoculars. On the horizon, a fast-approaching
text: speed boat - INTERPOL AGENTS visible on the racer's deck.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (hanging up)
dialog: Forget it.
text: VITALY and the CAPTAIN, also spying the Customs Boat, join Yuri at
dialog: the railing.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Do we run?
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: We have to get out of here.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: No, no-one's going anywhere.
dialog: (to the Captain)
dialog: Slow--dead slow. Buy me time.
text: Yuri swings into action, frantically dials another number on his
text: satellite cell phone.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
text: (barking an order to a CREWMAN, referring
dialog: to the Panamanian flag)
dialog: Get that fucking rag down!
text: The CREWMAN hastily complies. Yuri's call is answered.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (trying not to sound too
dialog: desperate)
dialog: It's Yuri. I need another handle for this
dialog: tub...something in our weight class.
dialog: (to an elderly Latin PAINTER,
dialog: pointing to the stern)
dialog: You, over the side!
dialog: (the painter hesitates)
dialog: Now!
text: The terrified PAINTER makes for the stern where he's hurriedly
dialog: winched over.
text: Yuri returns to the phone call.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Yes, it's got to check out...you got a
dialog: shorter name!...what?--Kono? How do you
dialog: spell that?...K-O-N-O. That's good!
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
text: (to the PAINTER, already blacking
dialog: out the name, KRISTOL)
dialog: Kono! K-O-N-O.
text: The PAINTER, nods nervously from his precarious perch, starts to
dialog: paint.
text: Yuri sneaks another look through his binoculars. The Customs Boat
text: is closing fast.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (back into phone)
dialog: What are we flying?...Dutch? Later.
dialog: (hanging up, to Vitaly)
dialog: Vit, get me a Dutch flag!
text: Yuri checks the Customs Boat again.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Damn, they're hauling!
text: He checks the Painter's progress.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
text: (agitated, grasping the line of
dialog: the scaffold)
dialog: Faster! Or I send you in!
dialog: (checking the binoculars again)
dialog: Faster...and better!
text: The Painter's hand is shaking.
speaker_heading: VITALY (O.C.)
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Yuri!
text: Vitaly is frantically rummaging through a trunk containing dozens of
dialog: national flags.
speaker_heading: VITALY (cant' d)
dialog: I don't have Dutch.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: I've got Belgium.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What the fuck use is that?!
dialog: (panicked, gesturing to the stern)
dialog: He's painting a name registered in the
dialog: fucking Netherlands!
text: Vitaly winces.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (mind racing)
dialog: You got France?!
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (confused, finding the tricolor)
dialog: Yes, why?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Turn it on its side.
text: Vitaly turns the flag sideways - now a makeshift Dutch flag. Vitaly
text: nods, impressed.
text: Yuri looks forward. The Customs Boat has almost reached the bow of
dialog: the freighter.
text: The flag is hoisted. The Painter, barely completing the last "O" of
text: "KONO", is hauled back on deck.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: That's it! Everybody look innocent--now!
text: The CREW resume their normal duties as the Customs Boat slows to a
text: crawl itself, at close quarters with the freighter.
text: The heavily-armed INTERPOL AGENTS eyeball the rusted vessel.
text: YURI focuses on the senior agent - JACK VALENTINE. While the other
dialog: agents wear sunglasses, long hair, tattoo or personalized uniform,
text: Valentine is completely by the book. His Interpol windbreaker clean
text: and zipped to the neck.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: They say every man has his price - but not
dialog: every man gets it. Interpol Agent, Jack
dialog: Valentine, couldn't be bought, at least not
dialog: with money. For Jack, glory was the prize.
text: The Customs Boat ominously circles the freighter like a hungry
dialog: shark.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERPOL BOAT. DAY.
text: VALENTINE never averts his eyes from the ship.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Not exactly "The Love Boat".
text: Another AGENT hands him a phone.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: It's clean?...It doesn't look clean. I'm
dialog: boarding.
scene_heading: EXT. FREIGHTER / INTERPOL BOAT. DAY.
text: From the railing, YURI watches the Interpol boat draw alongside the
text: freighter. He surreptitiously makes another phone call.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (anxious whisper into phone)
text: It's Yuri. Phone in a sighting of the
dialog: Kristol south of Aruba.
text: The boat is secured to the ladder that runs down the side of the
dialog: freighter.
text: VALENTINE checks his sidearm, climbs the ladder.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - FREIGHTER. DAY.
text: Yuri spies a life ring emblazoned with the word "KRISTOL". He flips
text: it around as Valentine and the other agents board.
text: Valentine strides past Yuri to a container, nods to an agent to open
text: it. The large metal door opens to reveal a large container full of
text: grain - grain spilling onto the deck.
text: Valentine is about to plunge his hand into the grain when a mobile
text: phone rings.
text: A CREWMAN calls to Valentine from the bridge of the Interpol boat.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (referring to the phone)
text: Sir, sighting of the Kristol due north.
text: Valentine hesitates, returns to the ladder.
text: As the agents go, they fail to see the pile of grain shift in the
text: container exposing a crate of assault rifles hidden there.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILING - FREIGHTER. DAY.
text: Yuri and Vitaly watch the Interpol boat leap away.
text: On the FREIGHTER, we focus on the terrified PAINTER standing beside Yuri -
text: a pool of urine appears from the trouser leg.
text: Yuri pretends not to notice, slaps the Painter on the back.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Nice job.
text: CLOSE ON the word, "KONO". From the "O", a paint drop runs down the
dialog: stern.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRANQUILLA HARBOR, COLOMBIA. DAY.
text: YURI and VITALY supervise the unloading of the freighter from the
dialog: dockside.
text: They are alerted by the sound of a battle raging somewhere on the
text: outskirts of the docks.
text: A Jeep, full to overflowing with heavily-armed NARCO-GUERRILLAS
text: suddenly appears at the far end of the dock and speeds towards them.
text: A military vehicle full of COLOMBIAN SOLDIERS chases the Guerrillas
text: several hundred yards behind.
text: The Jeep full of Guerrillas screeches to a stop by the freighter.
text: The NARC LEADER grabs a box of unloaded ammunition.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Hey, pay before you play.
speaker_heading: NARC LEADER
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: You're late.
text: The Leader smashes the box on the concrete - bullets spilling
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Hey, fuck you!
speaker_heading: NARC LEADER
text: (jamming his handgun in Vitaly's
dialog: eye socket)
dialog: Fuck you!
text: Yuri tries to play peacemaker.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (reasoning with the Narc Leader)
dialog: No, you don't fuck him--
text: The Narc Leader turns and shoots Yuri in the side.
text: Yuri shudders with the impact. The enraged Vitaly lunges towards
text: the Leader but Yuri, despite his wound, holds him back.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: No, Vit. No.
dialog: (to the Leader, referring to the
dialog: bullets)
dialog: Help yourselves. Free sample.
text: Vitaly nurses Yuri to the ground.
text: The GUERRILLAS ignore them, frantically re-load just in time,
text: immediately start shooting at the approaching government vehicle.
text: The government vehicle throws a vicious 180, almost toppling over.
text: The Guerillas, now back in business, take off after the government
dialog: troops.
text: Yuri lies on the dock, genuinely surprised by the sight of his own
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The first and most important rule of
dialog: gunrunning is never get shot with your own
dialog: merchandise.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - BARRANQUILLA, COLOMBIA. DAY.
text: YURI, now heavily bandaged around the waist, and VITALY keep a
text: watchful eye as the NARC LEADER inspects crates of machine guns and
dialog: other ammunition.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The second rule is always ensure you have a
dialog: foolproof way to get paid. Credit card,
dialog: check, cash. Preferably in advance, ideally
dialog: to an off-shore account. It's why I choose
dialog: my customers so carefully. Say what you
dialog: like about warlords and dictators, they tend
dialog: to have a highly developed sense of order.
dialog: They always pay their bills on time.
text: The Narc Leader nods his approval.
speaker_heading: NARC LEADER
dialog: (referring to Yuri's wound)
dialog: I apologize for earlier.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (slight wince)
dialog: I understand.
text: WORKERS start loading the crates into a truck. The Narc Leader
text: hands Yuri the suitcase.
speaker_heading: NARC LEADER
dialog: It's all there.
text: Yuri snaps open the suitcase - inside six kilos of cocaine.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: NARC LEADER
text: Six keys of pure.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: I can't hand this to my fucking bank teller
dialog: at Chase Manhattan.
speaker_heading: NARC LEADER
dialog: (hair-trigger temper flaring
dialog: again)
dialog: You should be thanking me.
dialog: (waving his cell phone)
dialog: Have you checked the street price today?
dialog: With the seizures at the border last week,
dialog: it's jumped thirty percent.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I sell guns. I don't sell drugs.
speaker_heading: NARC LEADER
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Diversify.
text: The Narc Leader walks away.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: I've got standards.
text: The Narc Leader ignores him, climbs in his Jeep and drives off. The
text: truck, loaded with munitions, also exits.
text: Yuri and Vitaly are left alone in their warehouse.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (staring at their "remuneration")
dialog: Now what?
text: Yuri shrugs, slices open one of the packs of cocaine. He takes a
text: bill from his pocket, rolls it into a tube.
text: He goes to hand Vitaly the tube but his brother has already rolled
dialog: his own.
text: Vitaly dips his tube into the coke - snorts, keeps snorting - a
dialog: longer inhale than should be possible for a human being.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - BARRANQUILLA, COLOMBIA. NIGHT.
text: Six kilo-sized coffee cans. YURI, still bandaged, is pouring the
text: coffee down the toilet and replacing it with the bags of cocaine,
text: mumbling Ukrainian profanities as he works.
text: The last bag is missing.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (sighs, exasperated)
dialog: Vit.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALLWAY. NIGHT.
text: In the hotel corridor, YURI discovers the door to the adjacent room wide
dialog: open.
text: Inside, the room is vacant.
scene_heading: INT. BOLIVIAN BUS. DAY.
text: YURI, clearly fuming, is standing in a standing-roam-only Bolivian
text: public bus along with an assortment of PEASANTS, MIGRANTS and
scene_heading: FARMYARD ANIMALS.
text: On the wall of the bus Yuri notices a cellphone ad featuring AVA
speaker_heading: CORDOVA.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I found Vitaly twelve days, two thousand
dialog: miles and 150 grams later in a Bolivian
dialog: boarding house.
scene_heading: INT. VITALY'S ROOM - BOARDING HOUSE. LA PAZ, BOLIVIA. DAY.
text: The outline of Ukraine drawn with cocaine.
text: VITALY, out of his mind, pupils the size of nickels, humming a
text: Ukrainian folk tune, is putting the finishing touches to the map
text: from his badly depleted bag of cocaine.
text: with him, two BOLIVIAN PROSTITUTES, who appear to have passed out or
dialog: worse.
text: A pounding on the door.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: Vitaly! Open this fucking door!
text: Vitaly, absorbed with the task at hand, appears not to notice. Yuri
text: breaks in the door.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (happy - way too happy)
dialog: Yuri!
dialog: (to the comatose prostitutes)
dialog: It's my brother, Yuri. He's my big brother.
text: Yuri stares at the cocaine map.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Ukraine.
dialog: (indicating the direction he is
dialog: going to snort)
dialog: I start in Odessa, work my way to the
dialog: Crimea--
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (staring at the map, appalled)
dialog: --You'll be fucking dead before you reach
dialog: Kiev.
text: Yuri opens a window, the cocaine blows off the table.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: You fuck!
text: Vitaly freaks out, slams the window so hard it shatters. (The
dialog: Hookers still don't rouse.)
speaker_heading: VITALY (cant'd)
dialog: You fucking fuck!
text: Vitaly desperately tries to snort the cocaine out of the shag pile
text: carpet - the straw constantly clogging with carpet fibers.
text: Blood oozes from Vitaly's nostril. Yuri gazes down at his pathetic
dialog: brother.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JOSEPH'S DRUG REHAB CLINIC. DAY.
text: An exclusive rehab center. A title appears:
dialog: Upstate New York - 1989
text: YURI's car pulls up outside, Vitaly in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: Get out of the car.
text: Vitaly doesn't budge.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: I promised our parents.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (desperate eyes)
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Vitaly, you're going to have a good time.
text: This is a top place. Two Ford models
dialog: checked in last week and that cute weather
dialog: girl's been here since July.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Please.
text: Yuri relents, pours a gram onto the dashboard. Vitaly snorts it off
dialog: the dash.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (as he wipes his nose)
dialog: You're a good brother.
text: Vitaly kisses Yuri.
text: Two ORDERLIES open the car door, escort Vitaly away.
text: Yuri watches his brother in the rearview mirror - shepherded up the
dialog: path.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I never understood what separated the
dialog: recreational drug user from the habitual,
dialog: the functional addict from the
dialog: dysfunctional. But for the grace of God, it
dialog: could have been me snorting lines as long as
dialog: the Belt Parkway.
scene_heading: INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH - BRIGHTON BEACH. DAY.
text: IRINA lights a candle in front of the Virgin Mary.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Vitaly never got completely clean despite
dialog: the prayers of my mother...
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE - BRIGHTON BEACH. DAY.
text: ANATOLY prays in front of the menorah.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: ...and father. In fact, my younger brother
dialog: was the only reason my father ever had to
dialog: question his new religion.
scene_heading: INT. AIR MAROC JETLINER. DAY.
text: An EXECUTIVE sits in his Business Class seat. On the tray table in
text: front of him, calculator and spreadsheets.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: After Colombia I became a one-man-operation.
dialog: A sole proprietor as you say on your tax
dialog: return - that is if you're foolish enough to
dialog: fill one out.
text: He exchanges a collegial smile with YURI who has similar
text: entrepreneurial paraphernalia in front of him.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: By then I'd mastered my craft. Selling arms
dialog: is not so different to selling vacuum
dialog: cleaners. You advertise, pound the
dialog: pavement, take orders.
text: The businessman's smile dissolves when he catches a glance at the
text: brochure lying next to Yuri's "Day-Runner" - glossy photos of
scene_heading: GRENADE LAUNCHERS.
text: A MONTAGE OF SCENES - ILLUSTRATING THE ANATOMY OF AN ARMS DEAL.
text: It takes place in an unidentified country in North Africa.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, a good arms dealer also has to be
dialog: a political scientist. I go by a seven-step
dialog: approach.
text: YURI gets off a plane.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: One: identity a government and an opposition
text: where the opposition is ignored.
text: YURI immediately picks up a newspaper, eager for the latest news.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Two: Wait for a radical group to break away
dialog: from the opposition.
text: YURI is buoyed by the front page news, over-tips the NEWSPAPER
speaker_heading: SELLER.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
text: Three: Immediately approach the radical
dialog: group and offer them arms.
text: YURI meets a group of REVOLUTIONARIES in a backstreet bar, shows
dialog: them an arms catalogue.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Four: Whether they buy or not, inform the
dialog: government that the radical group approached
dialog: you and offer the government arms.
text: YURI meets a GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL in the parliament buildings, shows
dialog: him the same catalogue.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Five: Whether they buy or not, re-approach
dialog: the radical group and offer them more arms
text: but now at a higher price. Increasing
dialog: tension is a means of generating demand and
dialog: the ideal situation is to sell to both
dialog: sides.
text: YURI meets the REVOLUTIONARIES a second time in the same bar - this
text: time they are more enthusiastic and Yuri has his calculator out.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Six: If they start shooting at each other,
text: the escalation is underway.
text: YURI, now accompanied by bodyguards, is escorted into the government
text: buildings, where he's given a fat envelope.
text: Back at the bar, YURI is given an even fatter envelope.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
text: They are consuming small arms and ammunition
dialog: and the cash register is well and truly
dialog: ringing.
text: YURI stands at his hotel window, sneaking a look through grimy
text: venetian blinds. A street battle is taking place.
text: However, in Yuri's mind the sound of the gunshots is gradually
text: replaced by the sound ot a cash register. Each time a gun is fired,
text: the register rings.
text: Yuri shuts the window.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Seven: Don't forget that the success of a
dialog: radical group in one country can inspire a
text: radical group in a neighboring country.
text: Yuri boards a plane, taking off for a new conflict zone.
scene_heading: INT. AIR MAROC JETLINER. DAY.
text: YURI leans back in his Business Class seat - eyes closed. They
text: suddenly blink open. He feels someone watching him.
text: Sure enough, he is face-to-face with AVA CORDOVA - staring at him
text: from a magazine cover in the seat pocket next to him.
scene_heading: INT. MODEL AGENCY. DAY.
text: A gallery of MODELS from the late-eighties on VOGUE, HARPER'S
text: BAZAAR, ELLE magazine covers, blown-up and framed on a white wall.
text: An AGENT with a window-office overlooking Park Avenue talks on the
text: phone. In front of her, the headshot of AVA CORDOVA.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: --There's really no one else you'd consider?
dialog: Christie and Brooke are both available...not
dialog: the right look? It's just that Ava doesn't
dialog: generally do print.
text: The agent examines an envelope stuffed with cash.
speaker_heading: AGENT (cont'd)
dialog: However, since you are willing to double her
dialog: rate and pay cash in advance. She loves
dialog: working with Herb and you say the campaign
dialog: will only be seen in Asia?
dialog: (examining a first class plane ticket
dialog: Destination: St. Barts)
dialog: I certainly can't see her objecting to the
dialog: location.
dialog: (inspecting an itinerary)
dialog: What is the product again...?
scene_heading: INT. ARMS SHOW CONVENTION HALL. DAY.
text: YURI talks on a phone as he browses at an arms show. He stops at a
text: display of handguns.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: The product? Er,...Colt .45.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: The beer.
scene_heading: INT. EDEN ROCK HOTEL - ST. BARTHELEMY, FRENCH CARIBBEAN. DAY.
text: An idyllic beachfront hotel.
text: AVA CORDOVA enters an empty reception area. The RECEPTIONIST hands
text: her a fax - Ava's face falls.
text: YURI sits by the deserted pool, observing her entrance.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: It cost me twenty for the fake booking,
dialog: another twelve to buy out the hotel. You
dialog: can't force someone to tall in love with you
dialog: but you can sure make ita damn sight
dialog: easier.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RESTAURANT. DUSK.
text: A large restaurant overlooking the ocean.
text: AVA and YURI are the only guests, both eating alone. They make eye-
dialog: contact - exchange polite smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. PRIVATE BEACH. DAY.
text: AVA strolls down to the beach, deserted, save for YURI - sunbathing
text: some distance away on one of the hundred empty sunbeds.
text: Ava dives into the water. Behind his sunglasses, Yuri watches her.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Towelling off on a sunbed of her own, Ava glances over to Yuri. It
text: seems crazy not to speak to each other. Ava breaks the ice.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (calling to Yuri)
dialog: Popular hotel, huh?
text: Yuri smiles. Ava approaches, extends a hand.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Ava Cordova.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Yuri Orlov. What brings you to St. Barts?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: A photo shoot. At least, that was the plan.
text: But the photographer's plane got stuck in
dialog: Miami. Hurricane - though there was nothing
dialog: in the news.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (gazing out at the ocean)
dialog: Those things can come out of nowhere.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: The job's cancelled and there's no flight
dialog: back to New York 'til Tuesday.
text: Yuri pretends to ponder her predicament.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You can hitch a ride with me if you like.
text: Ava regards him cautiously - likes what she sees.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (picking up his own camera)
dialog: In the meantime, why don't I take your
dialog: picture?
text: Ava smiles, poses playfully for him.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: In my experience some of the most successful
dialog: relationships are founded on lies and
dialog: deceit. Since that's where they usually end
dialog: up anyway, it's a logical place to start.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. BARTHELEMY AIRPORT. DAY.
text: A limousine approaches a Lear jet parked on the tarmac of the one-
text: runway airport. YURI and AVA exit the car.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I nearly went broke trying to convince her I
dialog: was anything but. I knew Ava was not the
text: kind of woman to be seduced by a ride in a
dialog: private jet unless you owned the jet.
text: CLOSE ON the tail of the jet - the name "ORLOV AIR".
speaker_heading: AVA
text: (holding her skirt in the wind to
dialog: protect her modesty)
dialog: This is your plane?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: That is my name.
text: They enter the plane.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Of course I was lying. The plane was a rental,
dialog: like the car and even the suit I was standing
dialog: in. At the last minute, I bribed the crew for
dialog: the paint-job.
text: As the plane picks up speed on the runway, the name "ORLOV" smears.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Luckily, by the time we landed, Ava wasn't
dialog: looking anywhere but in my eyes.
scene_heading: INT. LEAR JET. DAY.
text: YURI and AVA sit beside each other on a white leather sofa in the
text: customized cabin drinking Cristal champagne.
text: Yuri glances through Vogue magazine - a photo spread on Ava. Ava
text: takes in the plane's sumptuous appointments.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (pretending to be impressed with
dialog: the photos)
dialog: I had no idea.
text: He hands her back the magazine.
speaker_heading: YURI (cant'd)
dialog: I'm sorry I didn't recognize you. You must
dialog: think me very rude.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Don't apologize. I put on clothes for a
dialog: living.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (wry grin)
dialog: At least you aren't taking them off.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (smiling at his irreverence)
dialog: I would be if half the photographers had
dialog: their way.
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: But I can't complain. I'm paid to say,
dialog: "Cheese".
dialog: (meeting his gaze)
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Nothing so glamorous. I'm in transport -
dialog: international air freight mostly.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: What, like UPS or something?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (glance to her champagne flute)
dialog: Business is good.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Like you, I can't complain.
text: They both drink. A thought occurs to Ava.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: But if you did?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Well...I don't know.
dialog: (reluctant admission)
dialog: It's just that I travel all around the world
dialog: but I can't help feeling sometimes that I'm
dialog: going nowhere.
text: Ava regards him closely. He's echoed her thoughts. Yuri pours Ava
dialog: another drink.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Here's to...
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: ...a hurricane.
text: They toast.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Without it, I'd never have met you.
text: She meets his eye.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: This is no accident, is it, Yuri?
text: Yuri freezes - doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: It feels like fate.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (never averting his eyes)
dialog: I don't believe in fate.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: What do you believe in?
text: Yuri gazes at her a moment - he answers her question with a kiss.
text: Ava does not pull away.
scene_heading: INT. LEAR JET - BEDROOM. DAY.
text: CLOUDS rush by the faces of YURI and AVA, heads close to the plane's
dialog: oval windows.
text: They make love in a wall-to-wall bed built into the rear of the jet.
text: The camera moves past the couple through one of the plane's windows,
text: and the clouds begin to rain.
scene_heading: EXT. ISRAEL CENTRAL TEMPLE - BRIGHTON BEACH. DAY.
text: Confetti. YURI and AVA run through the paper shower as they descend
text: the steps of a synagogue in Brighton Beach.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: We married in a synagogue to make my father
dialog: happy. In the eyes of my Catholic mother,
dialog: it was worse than living in sin.
text: Yuri and Ava kiss his parents, ANATOLY and IRINA.
text: As the happy couple reaches the limousine, VITALY - out of rehab and
text: out of his mind - fires an AK-47 into the air as a salute.
text: The GUESTS drop to the ground - the only ones left standing are Yuri
dialog: and Vitaly.
text: Yuri stares daggers at Vitaly, helps Ava to her feet.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (explaining to the guests)
dialog: It's traditional.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (meekly echoing the remark -joke
dialog: badly misfired)
dialog: Traditional.
text: The guests nod, uncertain.
speaker_heading: YURI (cant'd)
dialog: One more time, Vitaly.
text: Vitaly lets go another burst.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
text: (reassuring word as he whisks Ava
dialog: into the car)
dialog: I'm sorry. I should have said something.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EAST SIDE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: YURI carries AVA over the threshold of their new home to cheers of
text: the assembled GUESTS.
text: ANATOLY and IRINA gape in amazement at the grand house. They draw
dialog: their son aside.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (touching his yarmulke)
dialog: Always remember, son, there's something
dialog: above you.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (looking up, gently joking)
dialog: Sure, Dad. A forty-thousand dollar crystal
text: chandelier.
text: Anatoly forces a smile. Irina presses a gift into Yuri's hand.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Mom, we don't need anything.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: You need this.
text: Irina takes Anatoly's arm, they walk away.
text: Yuri, alone for a moment, opens the package - a small Roman Catholic
text: Bible, conveniently bookmarked at the Ten Commandments.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EAST SIDE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: A newborn baby boy, NICOLAI, plays in the wrapping paper of opened
text: gifts beneath an extravagantly-decorated Christmas tree.
dialog: New York - December 25, 1991
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I was still living way beyond my means,
dialog: mortgaged to the hilt, using one credit card
dialog: to payoff another. Anything to keep Ava in
dialog: the style to which she had, thanks largely
dialog: to me, become accustomed. Then suddenly all
dialog: my Christmases came at once.
text: A family Christmas - Anatoly, Irina and Ava open gifts. Baby Nicolai
text: wriggles on a blanket, trying to reach a piece of tinsel.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (to Irina, regarding a nativity
dialog: scene on a Christmas card)
dialog: Jesus was Jewish. You're worshipping a Jew.
text: Irina ignores him. She regards a gift - a silver goblet set from
dialog: Tiffany's.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: Ava, this is too much.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Yuri likes to spoil you.
text: Nicolai crawls an inch. AVA beams proudly.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Nicki! You did it. Good boy!
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: That's my grandson.
text: Ava looks around for Yuri.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Yuri. Don't you want to see what your son
dialog: is doing?
text: No reply. Ava wraps the piece of tinsel around the baby's head.
text: A loud shout from the other room.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: Tak! Tak! Tak-fucking-tak! (subtitle:
dialog: Yes!)
text: Ava scoops up the baby. With Anatoly and Irina, they go to
dialog: investigate.
text: On the television, MIKHAIL GORBACHEV, is making his famous speech,
dialog: officially ending the Cold War.
text: Yuri kneels in front of the TV as if it is an altar.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: What the hell's the matter?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: It's over! It's over!
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: What's over?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: The Cold War, the Soviet Union, the Evil
dialog: Empire. Mikhail's saying "no mas". He's
text: throwing in the towel. It's over.
text: Yuri kisses Ava, Nicolai, Anatoly, Irina, kisses the TV.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: That's nice.
dialog: (referring to Nicolai)
dialog: Your son is crawling.
text: Yuri's too busy kissing Gorbachev's birthmark.
text: He gazes at the TV, revelling in the plan taking shape in his head.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: In the living room, AVA and IRINA play with NICOLAI. YURI and
dialog: ANATOLY drink Johnnie Walker Black label.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (contemplating the day's events)
dialog: At least there'll be religious freedom.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I think I'll go back for a visit.
dialog: (trying to sound casual)
dialog: Do you stay in touch with Uncle Dmitri?
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (face lighting up)
dialog: Dmitri Volkoff? Now and then.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: The luckiest man alive. You know he was one
text: of the first men at Chernobyl. Off-duty, at
dialog: his daughter's wedding, he was roaring
text: drunk. He was the only one who survived.
dialog: Later they found that alcohol in your blood
dialog: resists radiation.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: He's still a General in the army?
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: Major General. He got promoted. Two of his
dialog: rivals were also there that day. I told you
dialog: - he's the luckiest man alive.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: He may be luckier than you think.
text: Yuri goes to pour himself a drink. Anatoly grabs his son's hand the
dialog: way he did many years earlier.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (lowering his voice)
dialog: We're not fools, Yuri. What's between you and
dialog: your wife is your own business but I don't
dialog: think you're going to Odessa to open a
dialog: McDonald's.
dialog: (meeting his son's eye)
dialog: Is this how you want to be remembered?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: You're only remembered when you're dead.
text: Yuri knocks back his vodka, tries to lighten the mood.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: I'll bring you back some caviar.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: It's not kosher.
text: A crash. VITALY and a call-girl, ANGEL, dressed in a low-cut fairy
text: dress, stumble through the front door - both the worse for drink and
dialog: drugs.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Merry fucking Christmas!
text: Angel laughs. The family gazes at Vitaly and his friend, appalled.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: (paternal)
dialog: Vitaly, who is this?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Angel.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Her name really is Angel. She's a fairy.
dialog: (hoisting Angel)
dialog: Let's stick her on top of the Christmas
dialog: tree.
text: Vitaly and Angel laugh. No one else does.
text: Vitaly collapses on the floor. Nicolai cries.
speaker_heading: VITALY (cont' d)
dialog: (at a loss for anything better)
dialog: I love you all.
text: Yuri firmly escorts Angel to the door and pays her off.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JOSEPH'S DRUG REHAB CLINIC - UPSTATE NEW YORK. DAY.
text: YURI drops VITALY back at the exclusive rehab center.
text: By now Yuri knows the routine. He pours a gram onto the dashboard.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I'm going back to Ukraine.
text: Vitaly snorts it off the dash.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (maudlin)
dialog: I miss Odessa. I miss you.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I miss you too.
text: Vitaly kisses Yuri.
speaker_heading: VITALY (cont'd)
dialog: (meeting his brother's eye)
dialog: Be careful, Yuri. Those things you sell,
dialog: kill...
text: (tapping Yuri's chest where his
dialog: heart should be)
dialog: ...inside.
text: Two ORDERLIES open the car door, escort Vitaly away. Yuri stares
dialog: after Vitaly.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EASTSIDE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: AVA and NICKI kiss YURI goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY - MANHATTAN. MORNING.
text: YURI enters a public storage facility, opens a locker with a
dialog: combination lock.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: There's no problem leading a double life.
dialog: It's the triple and quadruple lives that get
dialog: you in the end.
text: He produces several passports from the locker, shuffles the
dialog: passports like playing cards.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Back then I carried a French, British, Israeli and
dialog: Ukrainian passport and a student visa for the
dialog: U.S., but that's another story.
text: The locker also contains five identical briefcases - presumably he
dialog: can tell them apart.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I also packed five different briefcases
dialog: depending on the region of the world I was
dialog: visiting.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER CHECKPOINT - IZMAYIL, UKRAINE. DAY.
text: Light snow falls. YURI, driving a brand new Mercedes, waits in a
text: long line of cars at the border.
dialog: Izmayil, Ukraine - January, 1992
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The end of the Cold War was the beginning of
dialog: the hottest time in arms dealing. The Wall
text: had fallen. The arms bazaar was open.
dialog: Those forty-five years had generated the
dialog: highest weapons build-up in history. The
text: Soviets had tanks and guns coming out the
text: demon hole - huge stockpiles and now no
dialog: enemy.
text: A Border Guard approaches Yuri's car window.
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: (in English, checking Yuri's
dialog: passport)
dialog: Visa?
text: Yuri hands the Guard his passport. Inside, a credit card
text: emblazoned, "VISA".
text: The guard smiles.
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD (cont'd)
dialog: Cash or check only.
text: Yuri smiles, hands him several U.S. bills. Yuri's passport is
text: promptly stamped. He is waved past the line of cars.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: It's good to be home.
scene_heading: EXT. ODESSA MILITARY BASE. DAY.
text: YURI, briefcase in hand, meets his Uncle DMITRI at a barracks. (NB:
text: Dmitri always carries a hip flask of vodka as if there is a constant
dialog: threat of radiation poisoning.)
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Nephew, come here and hug the luckiest man
dialog: alive.
text: The General gives him a great bear hug. Dmitri registers the
text: apprehensive look on Yuri's face.
speaker_heading: DMITRI (cont'd)
dialog: What? Did you think I'd be glowing? Don't
dialog: worry. You can't catch it.
text: Yuri kisses Dmitri on the cheek to reassure him. Over his shoulder,
text: Dmitri notices the car.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (referring to the car)
dialog: This is the SLK?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: 0 - 60 in 4.8.
text: Dmitri is impressed.
scene_heading: INT. ODESSA MILITARY BASE - OFFICE. DAY.
text: YURI has a stack of VCR's, cartons of cigarettes, Johnnie Walker
text: Black Label on the table in front of DMITRI who drinks from his hip
text: flask throughout the conversation.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: I can't just sell you government property,
dialog: Yuri. I have to report--
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: --Report to who? Moscow? As of last week
dialog: Moscow is in a foreign country.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: New flag, new boss.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: There is no new boss yet. They're too busy
dialog: squabbling over who gets the presidential
dialog: holiday home at the Black Sea.
dialog: Dmitri can't deny it.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (talking like an evangelist)
dialog: It's beautiful. The ones who know don't
dialog: care any more. The ones who care don't
dialog: know.
dialog: (nodding to a safe built
dialog: into the floor)
dialog: Show me your inventory.
text: Dmitri hesitates, knocks back his vodka, then opens the safe -
dialog: produces a document.
scene_heading: INT. ODESSA MILITARY BASE - ARMORY. DAY.
text: Crates of machine guns from floor to ceiling. DMITRI gives YURI a
dialog: tour of the armory.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: How many Kalashnikovs do you have?
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (referring to the inventory in
dialog: his hand)
dialog: 40,000.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (looking over Dmitri's shoulder)
dialog: Is that a "4"? It doesn't look like a "4"
dialog: to me. It looks more like a "1".
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (missing the point)
dialog: No, it's a "4".
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: It's whatever we say it is because no one
dialog: else knows the difference.
text: Dmitri finally gets it. Yuri examines a Kalashnikov.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: 10,000 Kalashnikovs for a battalion. Your
dialog: stocks are dangerously depleted, Dmitri.
dialog: You should order more from the factory.
text: This is too much for Dmitri. He stops, confronts Yuri - takes back
text: the AK-47 Yuri is inspecting.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Someone will work this out, Yuri. What
dialog: happens then?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: We'll cut them in. Anyway, what could
dialog: happen - you're the luckiest man alive.
scene_heading: EXT. ODESSA MILITARY BASE. DUSK.
text: The sun sets over a grassy field. YURI sits alone - closely
text: inspects a Kalashnikov.
text: It is a strange moment between a man and his favorite gun.
text: As we hear Yuri's thoughts, we are treated to lovingly shot close
text: ups of the weapon and its features often seen in slow motion: Sun
text: glistening off the chromed barrel. Folding metal stock arcing
text: elegantly into place. Precise docking of the 30-round curved
dialog: magazine.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Avtomat Kalashnikova, model of 1947 - more
dialog: commonly known as the AK-47 or Kalashnikov.
dialog: It's the world's most popular assault ritle
text: - a weapon all fighters love. An elegantly
dialog: simple nine pound amalgamation of forged
text: steel and molded plastic. It doesn't break,
dialog: jam or over-heat. It will shoot whether its
text: covered in mud or filled with sand. It's so
dialog: easy, even a child can use it. And they do.
text: The Russians put the gun on a coin.
dialog: Mozambique put it on their flag. Since the
dialog: end of the Cold War, the Kalashnikov has
dialog: become the Russian peoples' greatest export
dialog: - after that comes vodka and suicidal
dialog: novelists. One thing's for sure, no one was
dialog: lining up to buy their cars.
text: We reveal where Yuri is sitting - on the roof of a rusting Russian
text: sedan, the Vaz 4-door. A goat is eating the upholstery.
text: Yuri checks on the crates of AK-47's being loaded into a convoy of
text: trucks. In the background, the armory, full a week ago, is now
text: virtually empty. Yuri smiles a satisfied smile.
text: His reverie is interrupted by the sound of a car horn.
text: A commotion at the gate. Another large, black Mercedes is parked
text: there, DRIVER leaning on the horn.
text: YURI smiles as he sees the passenger emerge from the car - SIMEON
speaker_heading: ZAHAROFF.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Of course my idea was not entirely unique.
dialog: I had rivals.
text: Simeon angrily confronts the SOLDIER at the gate.
text: DMITRI puts on his cap, about to investigate. YURI stops him.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: He's a friend of mine.
text: Dmitri shrugs and complies. Yuri strides towards the gate.
scene_heading: EXT. ODESSA MILITARY BASE - GATE. DUSK.
text: SIMEON, flanked by two hefty BODYGUARDS, is in the face of a YOUNG
speaker_heading: OFFICER.
text: The Officer is flanked by three SOLDIERS, Kalashnikovs resting on
dialog: their hips.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: Do you know who the fuck I am?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (thick Ukrainian accent)
dialog: Who the fuck cares who the fuck you are?
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: I demand to see your commanding officer.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: You don't demand shit.
text: Simeon reconsiders his position.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: Just give me back my papers.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (papers clearly visible in his
dialog: hand)
dialog: What papers?
text: The Officer turns on his heel and returns to his guard station with
text: the passport, starts watching TV. The Bodyguards make to follow but
text: the Soldiers close ranks, barring their path.
text: Simeon fumes.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: You're late, Simeon.
text: YURI breezes past the Soldiers with an easy familiarity. He enters
text: the guard station as if he owns it.
text: From beside his car, Simeon watches as Yuri jovially discusses the
text: situation with the Young Officer. After a moment Yuri slips the
dialog: Officer money in exchange for Simeon's passport.
text: Yuri emerges from the station and returns the passport to the
text: veteran gunrunner.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: I invited you for a drink once before.
dialog: Perhaps now you will accept my invitation.
scene_heading: INT. ODESSA HOTEL BAR. NIGHT.
text: YURI and SIMEON sit at a table near the back of the bar. Yuri flirts with
text: the BARMAID delivering drinks and a shellfish appetizer.
speaker_heading: BARMAID
dialog: (to Yuri, impressed)
dialog: You sell guns?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Maybe you'd like to come to my room and see
dialog: my bazooka.
text: The Barmaid giggles and exits.
text: Simeon is clearly disquieted by the change in the balance of power or
dialog: maybe it's the bad early-nineties pop music. His BODYGUARDS sit
text: at the table behind.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You look a little lost, Simeon. Is the
dialog: world changing too fast?
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: I am here, aren't I?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Not all of you, I think.
text: Simeon's look begs explanation.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: You've gotten so rich selling for the CIA,
dialog: you can't get that ideology completely out
dialog: of your head. The empire was evil for too
dialog: long.
text: Simeon shrugs.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: I can't deny, it takes some getting used to.
dialog: Last week we were trying to beat their
dialog: brains in and now we're going into business
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: There's no place in gunrunning for politics
dialog: anymore, Simeon. I sell to leftists,
dialog: rightists. I'd sell to pacifists but
dialog: they're not the most regular of customers.
text: Yuri leans forward.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Of course, you're not a true internationalist
dialog: until you've supplied weapons to kill your own
dialog: countrymen.
text: Simeon regards the young man with a mixture of fear and admiration pours
dialog: himself another drink.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: I understand you have Ukraine in your pocket
dialog: but there are the other satellite states.
dialog: Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland, Belarus. Instead
dialog: of cutting each other's throats, it may be
dialog: more profitable to work together. What do
dialog: you think?
text: Yuri smiles - the proposal is the victory he has been seeking.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I think you are the amateur now. I think
dialog: you suffer from a philosophical disadvantage
dialog: - you have a philosophy. I think you should
dialog: go with your instincts - your first
dialog: instinct.
dialog: Simeon is confused.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: I am the same man who was not good enough
dialog: for you before. I am not good enough for
dialog: you now.
text: Simeon blanches. Yuri gets up.
text: Simeon holds his rival's arm.
speaker_heading: SIMEON
dialog: The problem with gunrunners going to war is
dialog: there's no shortage of ammunition.
text: Yuri departs.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - ODESSA HOTEL. NIGHT.
text: YURI and the BARMAID never make it to the bed. Still clothed, they bang
text: each other against the door of his hotel room.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Back then, it was all for sale...
scene_heading: EXT. UKRAINE MILITARY BASE. DAY.
text: Row after row of tanks, armored personnel carriers and helicopter
text: gunships in mothballs.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Helicopters, torpedo boats, armored
dialog: personnel carriers, whole tank divisions.
text: DMITRI, flask in hand, and YURI are given a tour of the surplus hardware
text: by one of Dmitri's brother officers.
speaker_heading: UKRAINE MAJOR
dialog: (haggling over the gunships)
dialog: --I'll tell you what I'll do. Buy six, you
dialog: get one free.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What about tech support?
speaker_heading: UKRAINE MAJOR
dialog: No problem.
text: Yuri and Dmitri come upon an oily-faced BOY, perched on the cockpit
text: of a helicopter gunship - he wears an ill-fitting uniform, several
dialog: sizes too big.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Son, get off there before you get hurt.
speaker_heading: UKRAINE MAJOR
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: He's the tech support.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: He's twelve.
speaker_heading: UKRAINE MAJOR
text: Thirteen. Almost fourteen.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Kids grow up fast around here.
speaker_heading: UKRAINE MAJOR
dialog: (nodding to the gunship)
text: He can take it apart in his sleep.
text: Yuri shrugs, shakes the Major's hand.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL OVERLOOKING ODESSA HARBOR. DAY.
text: THE POV FROM A PAIR OF BINOCULARS - in the crosshairs, JACK
text: VALENTINE, at a surprise checkpoint, staring through binoculars of
dialog: his own.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: Who are you?
text: YURI, on his belly to avoid detection, slithers back to the roadway
text: - hands the binoculars to a YOUNG SOLDIER.
text: DMITRI stands beside the convoy of trucks parked barely out of view
text: of the checkpoint, including Yuri's Mercedes and a huge open-bed
text: tractor-trailer carrying a Russian Hind helicopter gunship.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (angrily to Dmitri)
dialog: I thought we were supposed to be watching
dialog: for these checkpoints.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: How can I? You keep selling my helicopters.
dialog: You're too greedy, Yuri.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: We have to go back.
text: Dmitri regards the trucks, each one longer than the road is wide.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: We'll be going in reverse. We can't turn
text: around for a mile.
text: The YOUNG SOLDIER on lookout calls to them.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SOLDIER
dialog: They're coming.
text: Yuri grabs the binoculars. Sure enough, Valentine and his agents
text: are climbing into their Interpol Jeeps and driving towards them.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: We shoot it out?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: And start an international fucking incident
dialog: - no, no, no.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: So we run.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: No. I've got paperwork.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Not for the gunship. Yuri, you know the
dialog: penalty for sanction-busting - selling a
dialog: military helicopter?
text: Yuri gazes at the Russian Mi-24V helicopter gunship, bristling with
dialog: armaments.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: It's not a military helicopter. It's a
dialog: rescue helicopter.
text: Yuri turns to the Boy referred to as "tech support".
speaker_heading: YURI (cant' d)
dialog: Get to work, Son.
text: The boy pulls a wrench from his pocket.
scene_heading: SEVERAL MINUTES LATER
text: The Interpol Jeeps crest the rise and pull in front of the convoy -
text: VALENTINE and his agents exit, guns drawn.
text: DMITRI and the UKRAINIAN SOLDIERS stiffen, their weapons also at the
text: ready. An uneasy stand-off.
text: YURI gestures for calm. He greets Valentine warmly - offers his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Yuri Orlov.
text: In reply, an Interpol Agent unceremoniously slams Yuri into the side
dialog: of his truck.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (flashing ID)
dialog: Papers.
text: Again Yuri waves off Dmitri and his men, about to come to his aid.
text: Yuri courteously hands over his passport and other documentation to
dialog: the skeptical Valentine.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (regarding the photo closely)
dialog: Mr. Orlov, always in the wrong place at the
dialog: right time. We've met before. Off the
dialog: coast of Colombia.
dialog: (feigning memory loss)
dialog: What was the name of that freighter - I
dialog: can't remember. Was it the Kono or the
dialog: Kristol?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (hesitates, he's actually forgotten)
dialog: The crew called that vessel a lot of names - none of
text: them repeatable in polite company.
text: Valentine turns his attention to the helicopter - now devoid of its
text: weapons. An Interpol Agent escorts Yuri at gunpoint.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (noting to the gun in his ribs)
dialog: The new MP-5. Do you need a silencer for
dialog: that?
text: Valentine ignores the banter, inspects Yuri's documentation.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: The end-user certificate for this aircraft
dialog: states Burkina Faso. Nice. Did you type it
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: It's for humanitarian missions.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You're a humanitarian?
dialog: Yuri shrugs - why not?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (not buying it for a second)
dialog: This is a killing machine.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Not any more.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (in broken English)
dialog: Listen to the nephew.
text: It's true. Yuri has had the armaments detached.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Didn't you get the memo? The war's over.
dialog: What can they do with military hardware but
dialog: convert to civilian use?
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: What, yes?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (trying to lighten the mood)
dialog: The only way you could die from this baby is
dialog: if a food drop hits you.
text: Valentine's face hardens at the flippant remark.
text: Still at gunpoint, Yuri is escorted to the smaller second truck in
text: the convoy. Stacked inside the container are the helicopter's
dialog: hurriedly removed missiles and the Boy.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (referring to the missiles)
dialog: Also going to Burkina Faso?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (pointing to the document)
dialog: But to a different client at a different
dialog: address.
text: Valentine, incensed, throws Yuri up against the truck himself.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: What do you take me for? A complete fucking
dialog: fool?
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (eyeing Valentine's gun pressed to
dialog: his throat)
dialog: Not complete, Sir. And while I hesitate to
dialog: tell you your job, I must point out that
dialog: when shipped separately the weapons and the
dialog: aircraft both comply with the current
dialog: Interpol trade standards and practices.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You expect me to believe this is a
dialog: coincidence?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I can see how certain people might interpret
dialog: it as suspicious but thank God we live in a
dialog: world where suspicion alone does not
dialog: constitute a crime.
dialog: Valentine regards Yuri closely - this foe is more formidable than he
dialog: imagined.
text: Valentine looks to the gun in his hand, contemplating crossing the
text: line. He finally holsters his gun.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (tosses the documents on the road)
dialog: Yuri Orlov. You and I are going to be
dialog: seeing a lot of each other.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I can hardly wait.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (climbing into his Jeep)
dialog: Watch out for the time you don't see me.
text: Yuri, Dmitri and the Boy watch Valentine speed away.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (perfect American accent)
dialog: What an asshole.
text: Yuri looks to the boy, askance - a Yuri in the making.
scene_heading: EXT. ODESSA HARBOR. DAY.
text: YURI supervises the loading of the cargo onto a freighter. Checking
text: the empty trucks, he is just in time to see SIMEON and his HENCHMEN
text: climb into their car, parked beside his own car, some distance away.
text: As he drives off, Simeon and Yuri make brief eye-contact.
text: Yuri looks for DMITRI, exiting a nearby restroom - carrying his hip
dialog: flask as usual, the worse for drink.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (referring to the departing
dialog: Simeon)
dialog: What was he doing here?
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (zipping his pants)
dialog: Trying to beat your offer. I sent him on
dialog: his way. He doesn't understand the concept
dialog: of loyalty.
text: Dmitri glances at the SOLDIERS around the docks.
speaker_heading: DMITRI (cont'd)
dialog: Speaking of loyalty, too many people know.
dialog: I have to make pay-offs.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Don't worry. There're more VCR's. I left
dialog: them in your new car.
text: Dmitri's face lights up. Yuri hands him the keys to the SKL.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Even your enemy was admiring that car. I am
dialog: the luckiest man alive.
text: Dmitri hands his hip flask to Yuri. Yuri watches Dmitri walk to the
text: car and climb in for a test drive.
text: A look of realization on Yuri's face.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (screaming to Dmitri)
dialog: Dmit--!!!
text: The car erupts as if it has been punched by a fist beneath the
dialog: earth.
text: Recovered from the blast, Yuri runs up to the burning car but is
text: beaten back by the flames.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS. NIGHT.
text: CLOSE ON a bent Mercedes medallion, now worn around the BOY's neck.
text: He regards it forlornly.
text: YURI, numb, still carrying Dmitri's hip flask, makes a call from a
dialog: payphone.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EAST SIDE APARTMENT - MANHATTAN. DAY.
text: A darkened bedroom. AVA is fast asleep in her bed, curled up with
speaker_heading: NICOLAI.
text: The phone rings. Half-asleep, Ava reaches for it.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (still groggy)
dialog: Yes, I'll accept the charges.
text: We cut between the two sides of the conversation.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Ava--
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Hey, baby.
dialog: (glancing to a clock - 3am)
dialog: You forgotten what time it is?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Sorry. I, er...
dialog: (talking about anything other than
dialog: what's on his mind)
dialog: How was your audition?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (resigned smile)
dialog: They're going in another direction. The
dialog: direction of someone who can act.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Don't say that. You're good.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: And you're biased.
text: Ava grabs her robe - goes to the balcony so as not to disturb
dialog: Nicolai.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (sensing something amiss)
dialog: Where are you? Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: YURI
text: Rough day at the office.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Come home. We miss you.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Soon.
dialog: (more desperate than he intended)
dialog: How's Nicki?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Asleep in our bed. It's lonely without you.
text: From a bar down the street comes the sound of gunfire - MOBSTERS
text: firing at other MOBSTERS escaping in a car.
text: Yuri tries to cover the phone but Ava overhears.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Yuri, what's that?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: A party.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: It's always a party where you are.
text: More gunfire interrupts.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I'd better go. I just wanted to call--hear
dialog: your voice. Kiss Nicki for me.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I love you.
dialog: But Yuri has gone.
scene_heading: EXT. ODESSA HARBOR. DAY.
text: The freighter slips out of the harbor.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: In Ukraine since 1992, $32 billion worth of
text: arms have been stolen and re-sold. One of
dialog: the greatest heists of the 20th Century.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - MONROVIA. DAY.
text: Crates of munitions are unloaded from the freighter onto waiting
text: trucks under YURI's supervision.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: The primary market was Africa. Eleven major conflicts
dialog: involving 32 countries in the past decade - a
text: gunrunner's wet dream.
text: Yuri sizes up the MILITIAMEN loading the arms.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: My best customer was self-declared president
dialog: of Liberia, Andre Baptiste. Even though
dialog: we'd met before, I was in no hurry to meet
dialog: him again. He'd gotten a reputation for
dialog: routinely hacking off the limbs of those who
dialog: opposed him. His seven-year civil war has
dialog: been described as "a relentless campaign of
text: sadistic, wanton violence unimaginable to
dialog: those unfamiliar with the details of man's
dialog: capacity to visit the abyss." That kind of
dialog: sums up Andy for me.
text: As the final truck door is secured, a customized Lincoln
text: Continental convertible comes flying around a corner - stereo
text: blaring, deliberately terrorizing the locals on the dock.
text: The car slides to a stop beside Yuri. It contains ANDRE BAPTISTE
text: JNR., a handsome young man with sunglasses, a mirror for an
text: earring and a facial tattoo. Also in the car, two BODYGUARDS and
text: a pair of LIBERIAN TEENAGE GIRLS dressed in Dallas Cowboy
text: cheerleader uniforms.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: Mr. Yuri, I am Andre Baptiste Junior. My
dialog: father would like to meet you.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Thank him but I have other business. A busy
dialog: schedule.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: It is not optional. My father is easily
dialog: offended.
text: Yuri ponders for a moment. The machete in the Bodyguard's hand
dialog: makes up his mind.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What do you know? My schedule just freed up.
text: A bodyguard takes Yuri's suitcase. Yuri is barely in the car before
text: it screeches away.
text: As the car roars along the highway on the edge of control, we hear
dialog: Yuri's thoughts.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: But if I thought I was scared of Andre
dialog: Senior, I knew I was scared of Andre Junior.
dialog: Like father, like son. The guava doesn't
dialog: fall too far from the tree. He was a heavy-
text: drinker, a womanizer with a penchant for
text: cheerleaders and a lover of fast American
dialog: automobiles which he drove recklessly and
text: with total impunity around the streets of
dialog: the capital. Oh yes, he was also a
dialog: cannibal. They say Andre would eat a
text: victim's heart while it was still beating to
dialog: give him superhuman strength. I could've
dialog: told him he'd get the same effect from a
text: pastrami sandwich at Carnegie's Deli.
text: Andre announces his arrival in the main street of Monrovia with a
text: burst of gunfire. The city, a violent clash of cultures. Goats and
dialog: Gucci.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Monrovia itself was like being on another
dialog: planet. Planet Monrovia. From the
dialog: temperature it was obviously a planet close
dialog: to the sun. I rarely saw another white man
dialog: even at my hotel that was soon dubbed the
dialog: "Little Kremlin". And I never left town
text: alone. Outside town, was the edge of hell.
dialog: I didn't want to even gaze into it.
text: The car pulls up to Monrovia's premier hotel. A DEAD BODY on the
text: ground attracts no attention whatsoever.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: This is your hotel.
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Two stars.
text: A PORTER, carrying Yuri's suitcase, steps over the dead body.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR. (cont'd)
dialog: (to Yuri)
dialog: Can you bring me the gun of Rambo?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Part One, Two or Three?
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I have only seen Part One.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: The M60. You want the attachable grenade
dialog: launcher?
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: Please. And the armor piercing bullets.
dialog: (revving the car)
dialog: I will be back to get you in an hour...or
dialog: two. It's Liberia.
dialog: (mischievous smile)
dialog: We left a welcoming present in your room.
text: Yuri nods, uncertainly.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL AFRICA - LIBERIA. DAY.
text: YURI enters the hotel.
text: At the reception desk, two HOTEL PORTERS watch a small, portable TV
dialog: - CNN coverage of the O.J. Simpson trial - gruesome evidence photos.
speaker_heading: HOTEL PORTER #1
text: (never averting his eyes from the
dialog: screen)
dialog: My God, he nearly cut off her head.
speaker_heading: HOTEL PORTER #2
dialog: When I get to America, I will not live in
dialog: Brentwood.
text: The CONCIERGE hands Yuri a key.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY / HOTEL ROOM. DAY.
text: YURI goes to open his hotel room door - hears music from inside,
dialog: enters.
text: Two stunning LIBERIAN GIRLS sit naked on the bed bopping to
dialog: Madonna's lILike A Prayer".
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: In the most AIDS infested region of the
dialog: globe, where one in four is infected,
dialog: Andre's idea of a joke was to put a young
text: Iman and a young Naomi naked in my bed and
dialog: no condom within a hundred miles.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Hello, Mr. Yuri.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: We'd be happy to make you happy.
text: The two goddesses drape themselves around him.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Don't worry, we don't have anything.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Do we look like it?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (fending them off but with little
dialog: commitment)
dialog: What if I have AIDS? Don't you worry?
text: Gloria's lips gently touch his.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You worry too much.
text: Faith begins to unbutton his shirt.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: (sultry)
dialog: Why worry about something that can kill you
dialog: in ten years when there are so many things
dialog: that can kill you today?
text: Gloria's hands go to his belt buckle, start to unfasten it.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: How can we make you happy?
text: With great reluctance Yuri reaches behind him and opens the door.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: By leaving.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - CORRIDOR. DAY.
text: FAITH and GLORIA, still buck-naked, are tossed into the hallway,
text: their clothes flung after them, door slammed shut.
scene_heading: INT. BAPTISTE'S PRESIDENTIAL OFFICE - MONROVIA. DAY.
text: A Glock .45, Heckler &amp; Koch .40 and a Beretta 9mm sitm on the ostentatious
text: mahogany desk in front of President of Liberia, ANDRE BAPTISTE - a few
text: pounds heavier, still wearing the same size uniform. ANDRE JNR. watches
text: over his shoulder.
text: Andre Baptiste examines each handgun methodically.
text: In front of him, a pensive YURI, taking in his surroundings. Half a
text: dozen gun-toting ELITE GUARDS keep an idle watch. Several HOSTESSES tend
text: to a refreshments table. On a nearby sofa, a LIEUTENANT flirts with one
dialog: of the hostesses.
text: Baptiste glances over to the Lieutenant, irritated.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (providing a commentary)
dialog: --that's the Beretta, comes with a 36
dialog: cartridge, easy-operating clip--
text: Baptiste tests the loading mechanism.
text: The Lieutenant on the sofa is still not paying attention.
text: Baptiste casually points the gun at the Lieutenant and shoots him in
text: the head - a large portion of his brain splattering across the
dialog: fleur-de-lis wallpaper.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Jesus, why did you do that?
text: Baptiste, clearly not used to having his actions questioned, turns
text: the gun on Yuri. He's next.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: What did you say?
text: Yuri, staring down the barrel of the Beretta, recovers fast.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (feigning anger, gesturing at the
dialog: gun)
dialog: Now you're going to have to buy it.
dialog: (grabbing the gun from Baptiste)
dialog: It's a used gun. I can't sell a used gun.
text: Baptiste is taken aback. He suddenly bursts into laughter.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: A used gun. That's a good one.
text: The other Officers laugh uncertainly.
text: The Lieutenant's body is dragged out - leaving a smear of blood
text: across the marble floor.
text: Baptiste, seemingly oblivious to the carnage he's wreaked, resumes
text: talking to Yuri, in a measured way as if he's discussing the sad
dialog: state of punctuality in contemporary society.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE (cant'd)
dialog: (confiding in Yuri)
dialog: There's no discipline with the young boys.
dialog: I try to set an example but it's difficult.
dialog: I blame the MTV.
text: Yuri nods, disguising his terror.
text: Baptiste, checking his Rolex Oyster, rises from his desk.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE (cont'd)
dialog: Let me show you something.
scene_heading: EXT. BAPTISTE'S PRESIDENTIAL MANSION. DAY.
text: The camera tracks along the MILITIA - however only the very tops of
text: their heads are visible.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I had heard of the "Boy Brigades", "Small
dialog: Boy Units", "Kalashnikov Kids". The theory
dialog: was that a bullet coming from a fourteen
dialog: year old is just as effective as one trom a
dialog: forty year old.
text: ANDRE BAPTISTE haggles with YURI as he inspects his troops ranging
text: from twelve to fourteen. Yuri, averts his eyes from the boys,
text: uncomfortable reviewing soldiers a head shorter than he.
text: OLDER SOLDIERS fill the ranks behind.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: I can't pay your asking price, Yuri. We are
dialog: not a rich people and the market is already
dialog: flooded with your Kalashnikovs. In some
dialog: places you can buy one for the price of a
dialog: chicken.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You can't just look at the unit price. You
dialog: forget the ancillary costs. End user
dialog: certificates need to be forged and
dialog: notarized, shell companies set up, insurance
dialog: purchased, pilots and crews hired. Not to
dialog: mention the bribes. You can't get a nut
dialog: and bolt out of the Eastern bloc without a
dialog: bribe. There's one bribe for the nut.
dialog: Another for the bolt. This is an expensive
dialog: proposition.
text: Andre interrogates Yuri's eyes.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: I pay in timber...or stones.
text: Baptiste produces a handful of uncut diamonds from his pocket. Yuri's eyes
text: widen at the sight of the very precious stones.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (regarding the stones)
dialog: I'll take the stones. It's hard to get a
dialog: tree trunk in my hand luggage.
text: Andre smiles. He turns to his new Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: (referring to the inspection)
dialog: Very professional, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (dismissing the troops)
dialog: Dismissed!
text: Yuri and Andre watch the troops disperse.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I know you're planning a new offensive. If
dialog: you delay a week I can get you the armored
dialog: personnel carriers we talked about. They
dialog: would give you a significant strategic
dialog: advantage.
text: Andre nods, grateful for the free tactical advice - regards Yuri in
text: a new light.
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: They say I am the lord of war. But perhaps
dialog: it is you.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (correcting him)
dialog: It's not "lord of war". It's "warlord".
speaker_heading: BAPTISTE
dialog: I like it my way.
text: Andre smiles again. They are going to be fast friends.
text: He leaves Yuri alone to examine his uncut diamonds in his hand.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Diamonds are far less bulky than hundred-
dialog: dollar bills. You can get a million dollars
text: into a cigarette box.
scene_heading: EXT. ART GALLERY - MANHATTAN. DUSK.
text: A GO-BETWEEN emerges from a gallery with a wrapped painting, hands it to
text: YURI, waiting in a limo.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: By the mid-nineties, my wealth had caught up
dialog: to my lies about my wealth - even surpassed
dialog: the lies.
text: Yuri pays the Go-Between in cash, places the painting in the trunk.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NEW YORK APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: YURI enters the front door, drops his luggage at the door.
text: AVA, talking excitedly on the phone, hangs up, runs to greet him.
text: VITALY, in the background, cocktail in hand, with another dubious-
text: looking GIRLFRIEND, is examining another of Ava's paintings.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Yuri, I just got off the phone with the
dialog: dealer. I sold my first painting.
text: Yuri and Vitaly greet each other with a nod.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (feigning surprise)
dialog: Fantastic. Who bought it?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Someone important. They want to remain
dialog: anonymous.
dialog: (asking in a way that does not
dialog: expect an answer)
dialog: How was your trip?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You know. Same old, same old.
dialog: (quickly changing the subject)
dialog: Where's Nicki, in bed?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I'm sorry. Poor darling. He tried to stay
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I'll kiss him goodnight.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (opening champagne)
dialog: This calls for a drink.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What doesn't?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (still giddy at the news)
dialog: My first painting. I'm officially an
dialog: artist!
text: He watches Ava showing off more of her paintings to Vitaly and the
dialog: latest girlfriend.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I figured I was a patron of the arts and of
dialog: everything else Ava had tried and failed at
dialog: after modelling. Acting, her own cosmetics
dialog: line. I didn't sabotage her careers but I
dialog: can't deny it was convenient for me in
dialog: maintaining a low profile. She was a
text: beautiful bird in a gilded cage.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NEW YORK APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: YURI kisses his sleeping son, NICOLAI, now three years old.
text: He places a gift at the end of his bed - an expensive-looking
dialog: microscope.
text: At the same time he spies an object in Nicolai's toy box - a toy
dialog: gun.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN / LIVING ROOM - NEW YORK APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: YURI tosses the toy gun in the trash.
text: VITALY, still in the kitchen, catches him - pretends he didn't see.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: How are you, brother?
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: You know, still the resident family fuck-up.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Someone has to do it.
text: They watch Ava in the living room sharing a joke with Vitaly's
dialog: girlfriend.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: She knows, right?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: We don't talk about it.
text: Vitaly looks askance.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: How many car salesmen talk about their work,
dialog: how many executives at cigarette companies?
dialog: And both of their products kill more people
dialog: every year than mine. At least mine has a
dialog: safety switch. If those guys can leave
dialog: their work at the office, why can't I?
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Shit, you're good. You almost had me
dialog: convinced.
text: (to his girlfriend, knocking back
dialog: his drink)
dialog: We're going, baby.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Yuri and Ava are alone at the window, overlooking Central Park. He
text: hands her a fresh glass of champagne.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (raising his glass for a toast)
dialog: To Manet, Monet...and Ava Cordova.
text: Ava grins, goes to drink when she notices two huge diamond earrings
text: laying at the bottom of the glass.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (gasp)
dialog: Yuri!
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: The trip went better than expected.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (fishing out the damp baubles)
dialog: Yuri, they're beautiful.
dialog: (flirtacious grin)
dialog: But what am I going to wear them with?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (flirting back)
dialog: I know just the outfit.
text: They kiss.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NEW YORK APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: CLOSE UP on the diamonds dangling from AVA's ears. She wears the
text: earrings and nothing else as she and YURI make love.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I didn't know how much she knew and how much
dialog: she ignored. I was a good provider and as
dialog: far as she was concerned - loyal. Despite
dialog: the other women, I always made love to Ava
dialog: as if she was the only one.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - MANHATTAN. MORNING.
text: From an unmarked helicopter, JACK VALENTINE and his INTERPOL AGENTS
text: shadow a Mercedes sedan as it weaves through midtown traffic.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN. MORNING.
text: YURI rides in the back seat of the sedan, scouring the world affairs
dialog: sections of several newspapers.
text: A thought interrupts his homework.
text: He opens the sunroof a crack, spies the helicopter tailing the car.
text: He closes the roof.
speaker_heading: YURI
speaker_heading: (to the DRIVER)
dialog: Take Park.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK AVENUE. MORNING.
text: The sedan enters the underpass beneath the Helmsley building - for a
text: moment the car hidden from aerial surveillance.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (to the Driver)
dialog: This is good.
text: The Driver pulls over, never coming to a complete stop before Yuri
text: bails. Horns blare at the illegal drop-off.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (to the Driver from the sidewalk)
dialog: Take them on a tour of the Tri-State.
text: Yuri grabs Ava's painting from the trunk and the sedan pulls back
text: out into daylight minus Yuri - the occupants of the helicopter none
dialog: the wiser.
text: Yuri hails a taxi.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - MANHATTAN. MORNING.
text: VALENTINE observes the sedan cruising through the heart of Yonkers.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Where in God's name is he going? Is he
dialog: lost?
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY. MORNING.
text: With some reverence, YURI props Ava's painting against the wall of
text: his private sanctuary, then goes about his business - shuffling
text: passports, deciding who he will be.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK APARTMENT. DAY.
text: AVA, dressed in a robe, all smiles, pours herself a cup of coffee.
text: She sips the coffee at the window, glances down.
text: In the courtyard below, INTERPOL AGENTS are picking through the
text: garbage cans under the supervision of AGENT VALENTINE. Valentine
text: curiously examines the toy gun.
text: The smile is wiped off Ava's face. She makes brief eye-contact with
text: Valentine before stepping back from the window.
text: Slightly shaken, she picks up the phone and dials.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Vitaly...it's Ava.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - ILYUSHIN-76 CARGO PLANE. DAY.
text: The cargo hold of an Ilyushin-76 cargo plane. It's so overflowing
text: with weapons, many are strapped into the passenger seats.
dialog: Sierra Leone - 1999
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I was now the best merchant of death alive. I
dialog: didn't own my own plane. I owned a fleet -
dialog: running guns into Liberia, Sierra Leone or the
dialog: Ivory Coast at least once a week.
dialog: Unfortunately, my friends at Interpol were
text: also starting to find West Africa on the map.
dialog: Most trips I had phoney paperwork. If the
dialog: deadline was tight, I had no paperwork at all.
text: In the cockpit, an American PILOT and CO-PILOT keep an idle watch on
text: their instruments as they fly over the endless plains of Sierra
text: Leone. YURI sits in the jump-seat, reading the Wall Street Journal.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: (to his co-pilot)
dialog: --Even taking into consideration the pay-off
text: to the parents, a week with a girl in
dialog: Burkina Faso is cheaper than a night with a
dialog: girl in Jersey.
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: Plus, they're cleaner--
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: --and a lot of them speak better English.
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Personally, I prefer a language barrier--
text: An unmarked military jet appears through the starboard window. The
text: voice on the radio is familiar.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (O.C.)
dialog: --Charlie, Echo, India. Descend for landing
dialog: on heading zero...two...nine.
text: The Pilot picks up the radio, looks to Yuri. Yuri shakes his head,
text: dialling his satellite phone. Yuri's call is answered.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (into phone, trying not to sound
dialog: too desperate)
dialog: Colonel Southern, it's Yuri. Sorry to call
dialog: you on this number but I've got an Interpol
dialog: jet and--
text: The jet outside the window falls back.
scene_heading: INT. A PENTAGON OFFICE. DAY.
text: A mid-rank office dominated by a computer terminal. We look over
text: COLONEL SOUTHERN's shoulder. He is admiring a new medal. Two other MEN
text: IN SUITS sit opposite.
speaker_heading: COL. SOUTHERN
dialog: (into phone, measured voice)
dialog: I can't know you right now. It's not a good
dialog: time.
text: Southern hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - ILYUSHIN-76 CARGO PLANE. DAY.
text: YURI, hearing the response, explodes.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (gaping at the phone in disbelief)
dialog: Not a good time!
text: Suddenly machine gun fire strafes the Ilyushin - bullets tearing
text: through the fuselage, perilously close to Yurirs very combustible
dialog: cargo.
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: Motherfucker!
text: The jet appears again at the window.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (radio)
dialog: --Charlie, Echo, India. Comply immediately.
dialog: That was your last warning.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Where was the first fucking warning?!
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (radio)
dialog: Rock your wings if you intend to comply.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: (to Yuri, anxious)
dialog: I'm putting us down.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You land and we're all going away! I don't
dialog: have paperwork!
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: We're in a flying fucking bomb! They're
dialog: firing bullets at our bullets! Forget about
dialog: going away! They shoot again, we're going
dialog: away for good! I'm putting us down.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (knowing he's right)
dialog: Okay! Okay!--Fuck!!
text: The pilot responds on the radio.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: This is Charlie Echo India. Descending
dialog: on heading zero two nine.
text: The Interpol jet takes the lead towards a small airport. Yuri surveys the
text: terrain below, getting his head back in the game.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (pointing out a narrow highway)
dialog: Not the airport. There. The highway. It's
dialog: our only fucking hope.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: A pothole could set us off.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Don't underestimate yourself. You're the
dialog: best, Tony.
text: The pilot doesn't buy it but reluctantly changes course anyway.
scene_heading: INT. INTERPOL JET. DAY.
text: From his own wingseat, VALENTINE observes the Ilyushin's detour,
text: landing on the highway.
speaker_heading: INTERPOL PILOT
dialog: I can't land there.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (to the pilot)
dialog: He can't get far. I want a truck waiting on
dialog: the tarmac.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY. DAY.
text: A heavily-trafficked highway. WOMEN carrying water jars on their
text: heads, a thin COW pulling the carcass of a car, VENDORS selling dry
text: meat, CHILDREN playing war games.
text: The pedestrians look up to see the lumbering Ilyushin making its
text: final approach - they scatter.
text: The Ilyushin weaves on landing, hits a bone-jarring pothole.
text: INSIDE THE PLANE - boxes of grenades, bullets and other munitions
text: jump dangerously up and down.
text: Finally, the Ilyushin pulls up safely on the highway, engines
text: shutting down. YURI's head appears out of the cockpit window.
text: Curious LOCALS, recovered from the shock, are gathering at the side
dialog: of the road.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (to the pilots, sizing up the
dialog: locals)
dialog: We're going to be okay.
text: The PILOTS are already halfway out of the plane door, grabbing
dialog: supplies as they go.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (calling out from the window)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: As far from the evidence as I can.
text: The pilots start running down the highway.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Wait, you idiots! There's not going to be
dialog: any evidence! Stay with the plane!
text: The pilots ignore him - run for their lives.
text: YURI is left alone. He turns a lever marked, "CARGO BAY".
scene_heading: EXT. CARGO BAY. DAY.
text: The rear cargo bay opens. YURI stands beside his incriminating
dialog: merchandise.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (to the gathering locals)
dialog: Help yourselves. Be my guest. No charge.
text: One LOCAL MAN tentatively approaches the cargo bay. Yuri hands him
text: an AK-47 and a box of shells.
text: More SIERRA LEONESE LOCALS emerge from the side of the road,
text: seemingly out of thin air.
text: Yuri hands out more guns.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (to other locals)
dialog: Take the whole crate.
text: Two men oblige, ferrying the crate away.
text: The other locals become bolder, then brazen.
text: Soon it's a free-far-all. Men, women and children swarm all over
text: the plane pilfering the arms and anything else that isn't bolted
dialog: down - also a lot that is.
text: Yuri has to exit the plane to avoid being trampled in the rush.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY. DAY.
text: YURI buys a Fanta from a vendor - exchanging it for a box of
dialog: grenades.
text: He sits on a soda crate for a front row seat at the chaos.
text: Yuri has a calculator out - totalling his losses.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (muttering under his breath,
text: shutting off the calculator in
dialog: disgust)
dialog: What a fucking disaster.
text: Yuri sees the pilot seats being stolen.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Hey, not those! You don't touch the plane!
dialog: (plaintive moan)
dialog: Not the fucking seats...
text: Glancing up the highway, Yuri sees an approaching cloud of dust -
text: VALENTINE and two truckfuls of heavily-armed Interpol Agents.
text: Too late. The last of the guns and ammunition are being carted away
text: on the back of a thin cow.
text: Valentine's truck fishtails to a halt beside the stripped plane.
text: Valentine is first off the trucks and into the plane's cargo bay -
dialog: empty.
text: Other INTERPOL AGENTS fan out - futilely questioning locals.
text: Miraculously the weapons have vanished into the bush.
text: Valentine calls out to the last fleeing local - a BOY with a
dialog: lifevest.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Hey, you!
text: The boy stares back, defiantly inflates the life preserver.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Forget it.
text: The entire cargo has gone. An errant bullet falls off a shelf in
text: the plane and rolls down the floor - Valentine picks it up.
text: YURI sits innocently on his soda crate.
text: A frustrated African Interpol Agent, MBIZI, wound-up by the chase,
text: rushes Yuri - slams him to the ground.
speaker_heading: MBIZI
dialog: You run from us.
text: (flashing a machete in Yuri's
dialog: face)
dialog: Can you run with no legs?
text: Valentine rushes over, pulls Mbizi off Yuri.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: No, Mbizi. No, no, no.
text: Valentine drags Mbizi out of Yuri's earshot. Mbizi still wants a
text: piece of Yuri - Valentine preventing him getting to the gunrunner.
speaker_heading: MBIZI
dialog: Let me disappear him, Mr. Valentine. He is
dialog: a devil. Let me disappear him.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: MBIZI
dialog: Look where we are. Who will know?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: We will.
text: Mbizi stops struggling against Valentine.
speaker_heading: MBIZI
dialog: Turn your back, Mr. Valentine. I will go to
dialog: hell to stop him.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: No.
dialog: (to his Agents)
dialog: Find the pilots.
text: Mbizi and another Agent reluctantly head off in a truck.
text: Valentine returns to Yuri who is dusting himself off. Valentine
text: handcuffs Yuri himself, picks up the soda crate and sits Yuri back
dialog: on it.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: I've spent my whole career on the right side
dialog: of the line. You're the first man I've
dialog: encountered who makes me seriously consider
dialog: crossing it.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What's the charge?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: What are you doing in Sierra Leone?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I'm on safari.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (referring to the bullet)
dialog: Shooting wildebeests with submachine guns?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Are you with the park service? Hunting
dialog: without a license - is that the charge?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You're trafficking arms.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Trading. But without evidence who can say?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Trade or traffic, you make a fortune by
dialog: keeping the poorest people on the planet
dialog: killing each other.
dialog: (hesitates, unsure whether to
dialog: waste his breath - wastes it
dialog: anyway)
dialog: Do you know why I do what I do?
text: Yuri remains handcuffed, sitting on the soda crate - dwarfed by the
text: cargo plane. Valentine paces beside him.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: There are more prestigious assignments, you
dialog: know. Keeping track of the nuclear
dialog: arsenals. You would think it more critical
dialog: to world security. It's not. Nine out of
dialog: ten war victims today are killed by assault
dialog: rifles and other small arms - like yours.
text: Those missiles just sit in their silos.
dialog: Your AK-47 - it's the real weapon of mass
dialog: destruction.
text: Yuri regards his interrogator curiously. Despite the sun beating
text: down, he feels obliged to give him his version of the facts of life.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I don't want people dead, Agent Valentine.
dialog: I admit, a shooting war is better for
dialog: business. But I'd prefer people to fire my
dialog: guns and miss. Just as long as they're
dialog: firing.
text: He regards Valentine with something approaching pity.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: I realize the unspeakable things that are
dialog: done with my weapons. I also understand the
dialog: unspeakable things that are done with
dialog: Williams Sonoma carving knives and Wilson
dialog: baseball bats and they aren't taking those
dialog: off the market any time soon. People will
dialog: always buy guns. Why not mine?
text: Valentine appears to have no answer.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Can I go? You've got nothing on me--
dialog: (unable to resist)
dialog: --but cuffs.
text: Now Valentine smiles.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I am legally permitted to hold you for
dialog: twenty-four hours without charging you.
text: Yuri looks away, knows where this is going.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: You may ask, why do I bother to do that? I
dialog: can assure you, it is not because I enjoy your
dialog: company. And you may be surprised to learn
dialog: that it is not for any vindictive motive. No.
dialog: The reason I delay you for every second of the
dialog: permissible twenty-four hours, is that I am
dialog: delaying your deadly trade and the deaths of
dialog: your victims. I don't think of it as taking a
dialog: day from you but giving a day to them. Some
dialog: innocent man, woman or child somewhere has one
dialog: more day on this earth because you are not
dialog: free.
text: Valentine looks to his watch.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: See you in twenty-three hours and fifty five
dialog: minutes.
text: Valentine walks away. Yuri is left to ponder the notion.
text: We see time lapse photography of Yuri waiting out his twenty-four
text: hours, under armed guard on the highway - stretching his legs,
text: eating a suspicious-looking sandwich, going to the bathroom, the sun
text: arcing across the sky - all the while his plane is being
text: cannibalized by the locals. Finally the time lapse slows back into
dialog: real time.
text: Valentine returns in a Jeep with Mbizi and other Agents.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You'll be pleased to know your colleagues
dialog: were no more co-operative than you.
text: Valentine opens the back of the Jeep. Lying in the back, the bodies
text: of the two PILOTS shot and stripped.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: The locals got to them before we could.
text: Yuri turns away from the sight. His handcuffs are removed.
text: Returning Yuri's documents, Valentine notices a photo of AVA and
text: NICKI in the wallet.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: Handsome family.
text: Valentine and the Agents get back in the truck and drive away.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY. DUSK.
text: YURI starts to walk down the deserted highway alone - his cargo
text: plane is now just another carcass in the jungle.
text: A CONVOY of armored personnel carriers barrels past him - the color:
text: U.N. white. The lead car slams on its brakes, bringing the train to
text: a stop. A woman pokes her head out of the window - CAPTAIN VIVIAN
speaker_heading: CARLISLE.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: (pleasantly surprised)
dialog: Yuri! Yuri Orlov!
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (giving her an embarrassed hug)
dialog: Vivian...
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (approaching the window)
dialog: You know. Fighting the good fight.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: An aid program?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Uh, yes. In fact, I've just had some
dialog: transport problems. You couldn't give me a
dialog: ride to Monrovia, could you?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Sure. Climb in.
text: Yuri steps back into a vehicle with which he is very familiar.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (cant' d)
dialog: We're pulling out. It's too dangerous.
dialog: It's a shame. We were really doing some
dialog: good things.
text: Yuri nods in understanding.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL AFRICA - YURI'S HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT.
text: A weary YURI enters his room. Sitting on the green sofa - bound and
text: gagged, face reduced to pulp, silver hair matted with blood -
speaker_heading: SIMEON.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Jesus! Simeon!
text: ANDRE JNR., a FLUNKY and his CHEERLEADERS appear from behind the
text: door, laughing at his shocked reaction.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Andre! What in heaven is he doing here?
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: A gift for you.
text: Yuri stares into the old gunrunner's terrified eyes.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR. (cont'd)
dialog: You got here just in time. I was afraid he
dialog: would die before you got a chance to kill
dialog: him.
text: He offers Yuri a Beretta.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Me?!
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: Who do you think informed on you - cost you your
dialog: plane? He came to meet my father, hoping to take
dialog: your place.
text: Yuri spits on Simeon.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You stupid old fuck!
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: (knowing smile)
dialog: He killed your man when he tried to kill
dialog: you.
dialog: Andre again offers Yuri the Beretta.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: (confused)
dialog: You want us to let him go?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: No. No. I...
text: Andre offers him the gun a third time. Yuri refuses it.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: So you do want him dead. You just don't
dialog: want to kill him yourself? I understand.
text: Andre grabs Yuri and presses the gun into Yuri's palm, clasping his
text: own hand over Yuri's.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: We'll do it together. A bonding experience.
text: Andre forces Yuri's finger onto the trigger as he aims at the
text: terrified Simeon - eyes pleading.
text: Yuri attempts to pull his hand away but Andre is too strong.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: You can stop if you want - but
dialog: you do. Just say the word.
text: Andre stares at Yuri not Simeon.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR. (cont'd)
dialog: Say, "stop".
text: Yuri opens his mouth but no word comes. Andre presses Yuri's finger
text: onto the trigger.
text: The gun goes off. A splash of blood across the sofa's green
dialog: upholstery.
text: The gunshot echoes around the room. Simeon is very dead.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Stop.
text: Andre smiles.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: (surveying the blood-spattered
dialog: room)
dialog: I'll get you another room with a nicer view.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL AFRICA - LIBERIA. DAY.
text: YURI collapses on the bar - gestures to the BARMAN who immediately
text: pours a line of cocaine in full view.
text: YURI hoovers it up.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I started doing a lot of cocaine in West
dialog: Africa. I wasn't medicating myself. I was
dialog: simply playing catch-up. I was constantly
dialog: dealing with people who are chemically
text: imbalanced without the aid of chemicals.
dialog: It's just a matter of etiquette. It's rude
text: to act sane in a room full of lunatics.
text: The Barman nods to a patron at a corner table - a SEASONED FIGHTER
dialog: - no more than eighteen years old.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: He bought you "brown-brown", Mr. Yuri.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (wiping his nose)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: "Brown-brown".
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: (laughs)
text: A mixture - cocaine and gunpowder.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What does the gunpowder do?
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: It's magic. They give it to the small boys
dialog: before battle - they do anything.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Some other time.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: You have to try it at least once, Mr. Yuri.
text: The Barman starts chopping another line.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Because it's your gunpowder.
text: Sure enough the Barman pours the gunpowder from one of Yuri's 39mm
text: shells into the cocaine.
text: The SEASONED FIGHTER, assault rifle slung over his shoulder,
text: intimidating air, sidles up to Yuri - stares him down. Yuri has no
dialog: option, does a line.
text: He washes it down with a swig from a vodka bottle, raises his glass
dialog: to the fighter.
text: The Barman puts on a Ukrainian folk song. Yuri picks out one of the
text: PROSTITUTES in the bar, starts dancing.
text: He drunkenly dances with one PROSTITUTE after another - the dance
text: almost violent, the prostitutes flung aside, none lasting more than
text: a few seconds - caught in the arms of the other PATRONS.
text: To Yuri, the bar swims before his eyes.
text: The music stops. Yuri, wild-eyed, looks at the stunned bar room.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (to no one in particular, whipping his
dialog: vodka bottle off the bar)
dialog: I'm going for a walk.
scene_heading: EXT. MONROVIA. NIGHT.
text: A MONTAGE OF SCENES FROM YURI'S P.O.V. IN HIS ALTERED STATE. [A
scene_heading: MIXTURE OF FORMATS INCLUDING SUPER-8 &amp; VIDEO, SHAKY HANDHELD
scene_heading: FOOTAGE, OVER-EXPOSED FOOTAGE, BLACK &amp; WHITE FOOTAGE EDITED OUT-OF-
text: SEQUENCE WITH JUMP CUTS AND FLASH FRAMES]
text: YURI staggers towards the edge of town - still swigging from his
dialog: bottle.
text: A ROOM WITH A CURVED CEILING ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF MONROVIA
text: YURI, eyes unable to focus, stares at a WOMAN'S FACE in front of
text: him, moving back and forth. The gyrating stops.
text: Yuri realizes he is lying in the mouth of an enormous cement pipe on
text: his back, a prostitute on top of him. She gets to her feet,
text: adjusting her dress.
text: Yuri panics, hurriedly zipping himself.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (a mixture of French and English)
dialog: I didn't fuck you, did I? Did I fuck you?
speaker_heading: PROSTITUTE
dialog: (in French, as she counts Yuri's
dialog: money)
dialog: It's not what I would call a fuck.
text: The prostitute tosses a couple of bills back to him. Yuri ignores
text: the money, staggers after her.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Are you sick?
text: She ignores him.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Are you sick?!
text: Yuri staggers to his feet - wanders aimlessly across a field.
text: A DANCE IN DUST SOMEWHERE ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF MONROVIA
text: Two dozen pairs of feet chase each other on a dirt field to cheers
text: from a crowd. The dust clears, revealing a bundle of cloth and
text: string doubling as a soccer ball. The game is between two
text: indistinguishable teams of MONROVIAN YOUNGSTERS on a makeshift dirt
text: field, goalposts constructed from tree branches lashed together.
text: YURI wanders onto the field, joins the game without asking. The
text: players humor him by letting him have the ball.
text: Yuri dribbles up field, takes an enormous swipe at the ball, misses
text: completely, clattering to the ground.
text: The crowd and players laugh. The game goes on. Yuri, also laughing
text: but in a far more desperate manner, picks himself up and wanders
dialog: away.
scene_heading: A LIBERIAN BAR CALLED "ZANZI-BAR"
text: YURI throws up at the back of a saloon flimsily constructed from
text: rusted corrugated iron.
text: Rinsing out his mouth with vodka, he is distracted by the sound of
text: two little GIRLS arguing.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1 (O.C.)
dialog: They will!
speaker_heading: GIRL #2 (O.C.)
dialog: They won't!
speaker_heading: GIRL #1 (O.C.)
dialog: They will!
speaker_heading: GIRL #2 (O.C.)
dialog: They won't!
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: They will!
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Ask the foreigner. The foreigner will know.
text: The GIRLS approach Yuri - no older than seven, formal white dresses,
text: hands politely behind their backs.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Sir, will my fingers grow back?
text: One of the girls shows Yuri a healed stump where her hand should be.
text: Yuri runs away.
scene_heading: A MODERN SCULPTURE SOMEWHERE IN MONROVIA
text: YURI passes in front of an abstract arrangement of holes that turns
text: out to be a building pock-marked with gunshells.
text: Suddenly a FACE appears in one of the holes - SIMEON. The gunshot
text: wound in his forehead still evident. Yuri gasps.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Simeon.
text: Simeon turns and walks away - revealing a large exit wound in the back
dialog: of his head.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Simeon!!
text: Yuri pokes his head through the hole but Simeon has vanished. Yuri
text: turns back to find himself trapped by TWO MEN in flip-flops, shorts,
text: Gap T-shirts and AK-47's.
text: Through Yuri's eyes the two men look like four. The two/four men go
text: through Yuri's pockets, take his watch, shoes.
text: Yuri is oddly compliant - clumsily helping one of the thieves fasten
dialog: the watch.
text: One of the men, tired of Yuri's antics, aims his gun at Yuri's head.
text: His colleague stops him.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Don't. He's Andre's.
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: (keeping his gun raised)
dialog: Fuck Andre.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (seemingly beyond caring)
dialog: Yeah, fuck Andre.
text: The man fires at Yuri. The gun jams. Yuri looks almost
text: disappointed. The man tries again. Again the gun jams.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (referring to the gun)
dialog: I'm sorry. They don't usually do that. Let
dialog: me have a look. Maybe I can fix it.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Fuck off!
text: The man whips the gun across Yuri's face.
scene_heading: A PATH OUTSIDE MONROVIA
text: YURI, face streaked with blood and dirt, wanders aimlessly through
text: the brush outside Monrovia.
text: A HYENA appears on the dirt path in front of him - teeth bared,
text: frenzied eyes.
text: Yuri stares at the wild dog - starts to quietly cry. Tears roll
text: down his cheeks.
text: The hyena runs away. Yuri is alone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MONROVIAN DOCKS. DAWN.
text: A vacant-eyed YURI sits in the shadow of an enormous stack of arms,
text: unloaded from a freighter.
text: A presidential motorcade appears on the dock. ANDRE BAPTISTE
text: emerges out of his Mercedes Jeep, gun in his hand. He strides up to
dialog: Yuri.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: Yuri, you fucked up! I am going to shoot
dialog: your face off with your own gun.
text: Yuri doesn't flinch.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (unfazed, regarding the man)
dialog: Not bad. Andre's latest double?
text: The man's face falls. The real ANDRE BAPTISTE emerges from the car with
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: (to Yuri, standing beside his
dialog: uncanny double)
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: He's too eloquent.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: You have no heart.
text: Baptiste brandishes a copy of the New York Times.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: Have you seen the news? They accuse me of
dialog: rigging elections, but after this in your
dialog: Florida with your Supreme Court of
dialog: kangaroos--
text: CLOSE ON the headline, "U.S. SUPREME COURT REVERSES RECOUNT RULING".
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE (cont'd)
dialog: --now the U.S. must shut up forever.
text: Yuri just smiles.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: More good news. That's the last aid
dialog: shipment. The war is so bad, the U.N. is
text: pulling out.
text: Andre shrugs. He regards the inactivity at the dock.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: Why is nothing happening?
speaker_heading: ANDRE, JNR.
dialog: (reluctant to give his father bad
dialog: news)
text: No trucks. They are trapped on the front
dialog: lines.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: There are trucks. You just have to get all
dialog: that food out of them.
text: Yuri gestures down the dock where food is being loaded into trucks
text: marked, "HUMANITARIAN AID"
text: Andre Baptiste and Andre Jnr. are clearly taken with the idea.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: Killing certain humans can be considered
dialog: humanitarian.
dialog: (thinly disguised reference to the
dialog: previous night)
dialog: Isn't that right, Mr. Yuri?
text: Andre Baptiste hands Yuri his payment - a slim briefcase containing
text: a pouch of uncut diamonds.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: After surviving the last few days I'd started
dialog: to feel like I was invincible. But there was
dialog: a weapon that could hurt me.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EAST SIDE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: From behind the cover of a sofa NICOLAI shoots at an unseen foe, his
text: finger as the gun.
text: The camera pans around the room to find AVA in an armchair opposite
scene_heading: AGENT VALENTINE.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Hush, Nicki.
dialog: (to Valentine)
dialog: I don't believe you.
text: Valentine is unfazed.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: Can you prove any of it? Where is your
dialog: evidence?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I was hoping you could help us with that.
text: (opens an old file containing a
text: copy of a newspaper clipping,
dialog: headlined, "Cordova
dialog: Disappearance" )
dialog: I understand your parents died tragically in
speaker_heading: EI Salvador.
dialog: (meeting Avars gaze)
dialog: That regime has startling similarities to
dialog: several of the regimes supplied by your
dialog: husband.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Get out.
text: Valentine rises to leave. Ava holds Nicolai, her mind reeling.
scene_heading: INT. FASHION SHOW - NEW YORK. NIGHT.
text: Impossibly thin MODELS strut along a transparent lightbox of a
text: runway, flanked by SOCIALITES and PAPARAZZI.
text: Projected on the wall behind them, the words, "FASHION AGAINST HATE
dialog: - Dress Not To Kill" and various images from the world's warzones.
text: Each outfit is enthusiastically applauded.
speaker_heading: MASTER OF CEREMONIES
dialog: And now, one of the sponsors of tonight's
dialog: evening, former Miss World, Ava Cordova.
text: AVA appears from behind the wings in a designer gown. She modestly
text: accepts the applause - gradually becomes aware of a projection on
text: her face.
text: She turns to see the projected image of a CHILD holding an AK-47.
text: When she turns back, tears are rolling down her face.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Back to us, AVA naked, sits on the end of her bed, clothes laid out
text: beside her.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: Ava?
text: YURI, still carrying his suitcase, appears in the doorway. He drops
dialog: the case.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Ava, what's wrong? Where's Nicki?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (still with her back to us)
dialog: He's with your parents.
dialog: Yuri senses something very wrong.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Why aren't you dressed? I thought we were
dialog: going out.
text: He finds a robe from the closet - gently places it around her. She
text: pulls it off her shoulders.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (turning back to look at him)
dialog: I can't wear the clothes. I can't wear the
dialog: jewelry. I can't drive the car. I can't
dialog: live in this house. Everything1s got blood
dialog: on it.
text: Yuri pulls the robe back onto her shoulders, walks to the window.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Don't be so melodramatic.
text: Ava pulls the robe to her, follows Yuri to the window.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Of course I'm melodramatic. I'm a failed actress,
dialog: remember? We need to talk about it.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Why? We never have before.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Now we do.
text: Yuri notices the Interpol business card on the bedside table.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: These people - you can't trust them--
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: --I've talked to your parents. Why do you
dialog: think they don't want your money? They know
dialog: where it comes from. We all know.
text: Yuri sighs, resigned.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I sell people a means to defend themselves,
dialog: Ava. That's all. I don't hold a gun to any
dialog: one's head and make them shoot--
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: --Yuri, I see the news. Sierra Leone--
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: --I don't sell machetes.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: --What do you think is pointing at the
dialog: victims when they use those machetes? I see
dialog: the pictures. Yuri, the guns are bigger
dialog: than the boys.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (angered)
dialog: There's nothing illegal about what I do.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: I don't care if it's legal, it's wrong.
text: Ava meets his eye.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont' d)
dialog: I can accept the drugs. I can even accept
dialog: the other women. I can't accept this.
text: Yuri looks away.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Please stop.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (looks back)
dialog: It makes no difference if I stop. Someone
dialog: will take my place the next day.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Let them. We have enough. You're not that
dialog: little boy in Odessa anymore, lining up for
dialog: a loaf of bread--
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: --It's not about the money.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: What is it?
text: He doesn't answer - perhaps he doesn't have one. Ava looks out of
text: the window at their expensive view.
speaker_heading: AVA (cont'd)
dialog: I feel like all I've done my whole life is
dialog: be pretty. All I've done is be born. I'm
dialog: not just a failed actress. I'm also a
dialog: failed writer, failed artist, failed
dialog: businesswoman. I'm not much good as a
dialog: mother. Come to think of it, I'm not even
dialog: that pretty any more. I've failed at
dialog: everything, Yuri.
dialog: (turning back to him)
dialog: But I won't fail as a human being. I'm
dialog: leaving.
text: The words finally register with Yuri.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You can't leave. I'll stop.
dialog: (as if trying to convince himself)
dialog: I'll stop.
text: Ava is skeptical. He holds her, reassures her.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: I've been thinking about it for a while. A
dialog: lot, lately.
dialog: (as if trying to convince himself)
dialog: I'm making more from the oil and timber
dialog: anyhow.
dialog: (further reassurance)
dialog: I'll stop.
text: She interrogates his eyes for the truth.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (pleading eyes)
dialog: You will? You promise?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (deadly serious)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (changing the subject a
dialog: millisecond too fast)
dialog: Now get dressed. We'll go out.
text: Ava picks up the dress off the bed.
text: Yuri gazes at her.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: By the way, you're wrong about not being
dialog: pretty any more.
text: She turns back and smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE AT CENTRAL PARK EAST. DAY.
text: A YOUNG INTERPOL AGENT, carrying a tray of coffee, approaches a
text: plain panel van parked outside Yuri's apartment building.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: For the next month I stopped running guns.
dialog: I went legitimate.
text: The van door opens to reveal VALENTINE and other INTERPOL AGENTS,
text: wearing headsets, monitoring a scanner device. The agents read
dialog: porn to keep themselves amused - except Valentine.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: No wonder Valentine was confused.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EAST SIDE APARTMENT. DUSK.
text: YURI toys with his old BULLET pendant as he talks on the phone.
text: For once the spreadsheets in front of him deal with oil and timber.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Thank God there are still legal ways to
dialog: exploit developing countries.
text: With the cordless phone to his ear, Yuri wanders to the kitchen. He
text: tosses the pendant down a trash chute.
text: Back in the den, Yuri punches a calculator as he continues his phone
dialog: call.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: But the only problem with an honest buck is
dialog: they're so hard to make. The margins are
dialog: too low. Too many people are doing it.
text: Finally we are privy to the conversation.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: --Impossible. Two and a quarter? I can't
dialog: make a profit at two and a quarter. Why
dialog: don't you take my oil and I'll fucking pay
dialog: you?
text: Yuri hangs up, stares down from his apartment window.
text: Valentine's panel truck drives away.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Night has fallen over Central Park - criss-crossed by a necklace of
text: lights. Yuri continues to stare out of the window.
text: He is perplexed by the sight of a diplomatic motorcade parked in front of
dialog: his building.
text: Before he can make sense of it, the house phone rings.
text: AVA enters.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Yuri, the President of Liberia is in the
dialog: lobby.
text: Yuri, stunned for a millisecond, recovers with a smile.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (glance to his watch)
dialog: He's early.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - UPPER EAST SIDE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: ANDRE BAPTISTE is admiring his new uniform in a gilt edged mirror.
text: ANDRE JNR. is flirting with two TEENAGE GIRLS - residents of the
text: building. The perplexed DOORMAN stares at the motorcade outside his
text: door - flashing lights on the police escort.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: (to the girls)
dialog: --You should come to Liberia with me
dialog: tomorrow. It is beautiful this time of
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: Liberia. Is that on Long Island?
text: YURI, ashen-faced, hurriedly exits the elevator into the ornate
text: lobby - strides up to Andre Snr.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: Yuri!
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (nervous as hell)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing here, Andre?
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: (hugging Yuri)
dialog: We're here for the peace talks at the U.N.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (pulling him out of earshot of the
dialog: curious Doorman, anxious whisper)
dialog: So at the same time you thought you'd drop
dialog: in on your arms dealer?!
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: Is that what you still are? You're a hard
dialog: man to get hold of all of a sudden.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I--
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: --But now you mention it, we are doing a
dialog: little shopping while we're here - that is
dialog: if you open for business.
speaker_heading: YURI
text: (anxious look past Andre to the motorcade
dialog: on the street)
dialog: They've got to be watching.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: (disdainful shrug)
dialog: Of course they blame me. They always blame
dialog: me. They are on a--
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (unable to resist)
dialog: --hunt for a witch?
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: (a smile, for once correcting
dialog: Yuri)
dialog: "Witch-hunt". But I have been granted
dialog: diplomatic immunity due to the escalation
dialog: in hostilities.
dialog: (conspiratorial)
dialog: That is why I need you. They are making
dialog: life difficult to re-supply. It will
dialog: require a man of your unusual ingenuity.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I can't help you. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I understand.
text: He shakes Yuri's hand firmly.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE (cont'd)
dialog: But you should know that our present
dialog: difficulties compel us to be unusually
dialog: generous.
text: Yuri realizes that Andre has placed a huge uncut diamond in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: ANDRE BAPTISTE (cont'd)
dialog: (hugging Yuri)
dialog: Farewell, Lord of War.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: You still haven't brought me the gun of
dialog: Rambo.
text: Andre Baptiste and his son breeze out of the lobby.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EAST SIDE APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: YURI enters, sits in an armchair. AVA and NICOLAI are cuddled on
text: the sofa - Ava reading him a fairytale.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (looking up from the book)
dialog: Was that about the oil or the timber?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Both. Everything.
text: Ava smiles, carries on reading.
text: Yuri looks to his hand - we rack focus to the uncut diamond. Yuri
text: gets up.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER EAST SIDE APARTMENT - GARBAGE ROOM. NIGHT.
text: YURI, still in his suit, stands in a dumpster, searching.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
text: At four and a half months a human fetus has
dialog: a reptile's tail - a remnant of our
dialog: evolution.
text: Amongst a pile of rotten food he finds his necklace containing the
speaker_heading: BULLET.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: You can fight a lot of enemies and survive
dialog: but if you fight your biology you always
dialog: lose.
text: Yuri places the bullet around his neck.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK APARTMENT. MORNING.
text: AVA is fastening eight-year-old NICOLAI's coat, readying to go out.
text: YURI, half-dressed, appears in the hallway.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Hey, not even waiting to say goodbye? I'm
text: leaving in ten minutes.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Sorry, Nicki has swim practice.
text: Nicolai kisses his father.
speaker_heading: NICOLAI
dialog: Bye, Papa.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (hugging him)
dialog: See you, big guy.
text: Ava kisses Yuri.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (teasing him)
dialog: Personally, I'm glad you're going. You've
dialog: been here so long you're starting to get on
dialog: my nerves.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (taking the teasing good-
dialog: naturedly)
dialog: This oil concession should be wrapped up by
dialog: Thursday. I'll be back for the weekend.
dialog: We'll go somewhere - the sea.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: That would be fun.
text: A thought occurs to Yuri.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You trust me, right?
text: Yuri's turn to interrogate her eyes. Ava smiles.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: She looked me directly in the eye the way
dialog: I've looked in the eyes of a thousand
dialog: customs officials, government bureaucrats
dialog: and footsoldiers from every law enforcement
dialog: agency in the world - and she lied without
text: flinching.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Yes, I trust you.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: She'd learned from the best.
text: Ava gives Yuri a final kiss, hurries Nicolai out the door.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES SEDAN. DAY.
text: From the rear seat of a Mercedes sedan we observe YURI exiting the
text: apartment building and entering a waiting Mercedes sedan of his own.
speaker_heading: AVA (O.C.)
speaker_heading: (to the DRIVER)
dialog: That's him.
text: We reveal AVA and NICOLAI in the car. Yuri's car pulls away and
text: Ava's car follows.
speaker_heading: NICOLAI
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Where are we going, Mama?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: It's a game.
speaker_heading: NICOLAI
dialog: Like hide and seek?
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY. DAY.
text: YURI locks his storage locker, observable from the street, and exits
text: the facility carrying a passport and briefcase.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I can always sense when I'm being tailed. I
dialog: know what to look for. But then I'd never
dialog: been tailed by the woman I love.
text: Returning to his car, Yuri fails to notice that AVA has witnessed
text: his routine from her own car.
text: Instead of following the car, Ava exits with Nicolai.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY. DAY.
text: AVA, NICOLAI in tow, approaches Yuri's locker.
text: She tries a combination - fails. Tries another - fails. A third -
dialog: same result.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I can put myself in Ava's place. She might
dialog: have understood if the combination was the
dialog: last four digits of my social, my birthdate,
dialog: even her birthdate but not Nicolai's.
text: Ava looks to Nicolai, tries one more combination, reluctantly.
text: CLOSE ON the numerals on the lock - "10...6..."
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: My son's birthday unlocked what the government
dialog: would later describe as, "a catalogue of
dialog: carnage".
text: "90". The lock opens.
speaker_heading: AVA
dialog: (whisper, to herself)
dialog: Not that. Not that, Yuri.
text: Ava opens the storage room door - at first struck by the exhibition
text: of her paintings inside the locker. Shaking the image from her
text: head, she turns her attention to the briefcases and other documents.
text: She shuffles through the passports in horror - different photos of
dialog: Yuri, different names: "George Eagleman", "Georges D'Aigle", etc. Who
dialog: is her husband? Is he any of them?
scene_heading: INT. "THE CRIMEAN" RESTAURANT - DAY.
text: VITALY is back at work in the kitchen of the family restaurant.
text: YURI approaches - Vitaly senses something amiss.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Come to see how the other half lives?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I miss your borscht. Mom and Dad say you're
dialog: clean.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: You too. They said you went legitimate -
dialog: hard to believe.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: That's because it's not true.
text: Vitaly is hardly surprised.
text: Yuri glances to his parents, ANATOLY and IRINA, at the restaurant
text: counter, folding napkins - observing their two sons.
text: They avert their eyes.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Only you know. I'm leaving tonight - on a
dialog: job. I want you to come.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: I can't. I'm thinking of opening my own
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Maybe this trip will help. It's good money.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (looking to his parents)
dialog: I've given my word.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: They don't have to know. We'll tell them
dialog: we're going for a little "r" and "r".
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Why do you need me all of a sudden?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: West Africa's fucked-up.
dialog: (off Vitaly's look)
dialog: More than usual. I can't trust anybody. I
dialog: need someone to watch my back.
text: The notion touches Vitaly. Yuri closes the deal.
speaker_heading: YURI (cant'd)
dialog: "Brothers in arms".
text: Vitaly looks to his PARENTS. They stare at him until he averts his
dialog: eyes.
dialog: Vitaly can't refuse his brother.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - SIERRA LEONE. DAY.
text: A fork in the road. Two large trucks slog through the bush -
text: take the left fork.
dialog: Sierra Leone - 2000
text: YURI, VITALY and ANDRE JNR. are in the cab of the truck, beside the
speaker_heading: DRIVER.
text: Andre is admiring his new M60 machine gun with attachable grenade
dialog: launcher - the gun of Rambo.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (concerned by the route)
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: RUF - "freedom fighters".
text: Yuri stares out of the window.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Every faction in Africa calls themselves by
dialog: these noble names - "liberation-this",
dialog: "patriotic-that", "democratic-republic-of-
dialog: something or other". I guess they can't own
dialog: up to what they usually are - "federation-
dialog: of-worse-oppressors-than-the last-bunch-of-
dialog: oppressors". Often the most barbaric
dialog: atrocities occur when both combatants
dialog: proclaim themselves "freedom fighters".
text: The truck passes a checkpoint marked by two skulls.
scene_heading: EXT. REFUGEE CAMP - SIERRA LEONE. DAY.
text: A tent city. A Jeep packed with young, machete-wielding FREEDOM
text: FIGHTERS circles the refugee camp, taunting and terrorizing the
dialog: inhabitants.
text: The mostly WOMEN and CHILDREN are trapped by the circling Jeep.
text: Whenever a refugee attempts to escape, they are driven back by the
text: increasingly manic, shrieking rebels.
text: Yuri's two trucks are parked on the roadway above the camp where the rest
text: of the REBELS are massed - a rag-tag mob wearing over-sized sneakers,
text: carrying machetes and the occasional AK-47.
text: At a small folding table a REBEL LEADER negotiates with YURI and
text: ANDRE JNR. The Leader places a pile of uncut diamonds on the table.
text: VITALY is more interested in the camp - observing the circling Jeep
text: full of Rebels and their smirking comrades on the highway.
text: From a distance, he spies a WOMAN and YOUNG SON make a desperate bid
text: for escape from the camp. Two REBELS, on foot, give chase. The
text: woman appears to be pregnant.
text: Vitaly watches in horror. The Woman is quickly overtaken and hacked
text: to death. Then the Boy. Vitaly can't look, turns away.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Jesus.
text: Vitaly comes to a horrific realization.
text: He hurries to Yuri, still negotiating with the Rebel Leader.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Yuri, I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Not now.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (to the Rebel Leader)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Vitaly draws Yuri out of earshot.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (irritated by the interruption)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (anxious whisper)
dialog: We can't do this deal.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: The fuck we can't.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (referring to the camp)
dialog: Look over there. As soon as we leave,
dialog: they're going to die.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (averting his eyes from the camp)
dialog: It's not our business.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: They killed a boy just now - as young as
dialog: Nicki.
text: Yuri flinches.
text: The suspicious Rebel Leader and Andre Jnr. approach the two
dialog: brothers.
speaker_heading: REBEL LEADER
dialog: What's the hold up?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (trying to keep his poise)
dialog: There is no hold up. I'll be right there.
text: Yuri draws Vitaly further away.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Vitaly, it's what we always know - we can't
dialog: control what they do.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Today we can. They're right there - close
dialog: enough to touch.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (angry, impatient)
dialog: What do you think they'll do if we back out
dialog: - they'll kill us.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: And if we go ahead - they'll kill them.
text: The Rebel Leader approaches again - this time he's not leaving.
speaker_heading: REBEL LEADER
dialog: What is he saying?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Nothing.
text: Vitaly realizes the futility of the discussion, backs down.
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Nothing. You're right, Yuri. You're right.
dialog: (getting his head back in the
dialog: game)
dialog: Did I hear you say 300 IPG's, 500 assault
dialog: rifles and 800 grenades? I thought it was
dialog: 1,200 grenades. I'd better check.
text: Yuri pats his brother on the back, returns to the negotiating table.
text: Vitaly heads for the trucks.
text: For once we follow Vitaly. Andre Jnr. regards Vitaly warily.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK. DAY.
text: The prongs of a hammer on a box of grenades. VITALY is prying open
dialog: the lid.
text: Andre Jnr. appears behind him - M60 poised ominously on his hip.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: VITALY
dialog: Something for Yuri.
speaker_heading: ANDRE JNR.
dialog: Step away - slowly.
text: Vitaly closes the lid - a ruse. He picks up the hammer and in one
text: sudden, violent motion swings it across Andre's face, smashing his
text: jaw, teeth flying, Andre's body flopping like a rag doll.
text: Vitaly grabs two grenades from the box, pulls the pin from one and
text: bowls it into the truck.
dialog: He runs.
text: The truck explodes in a fireball - instantly incinerating Andre Jnr.
text: Yuri's head whips around. The Rebel Leader's head whips around.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Vit!!
text: Vitaly dashes for the second truck.
text: The REBEL LEADER opens fire, raking Vitaly with machine-gun fire -
text: still trying to run with legs torn to shreds.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: No!!
text: A second hail of gunfire - all REBELS firing. Vitaly's legs betray
text: him. He collapses to the ground in a pile of blood and dust.
text: We focus on Vitaly's still FACE - he has taken enough bullets to
text: kill him three times over. But he is not quite dead.
text: Agonizingly slow, he raises the grenade hand to his mouth - pulls
text: the pin with his teeth.
text: CLOSE on Vitaly's HAND, trying to summon the strength to throw the
dialog: grenade.
text: A hand appears, grasps Vitaly's hand - gently but firmly removing
dialog: the grenade.
speaker_heading: YURI.
text: The Rebels keep their guns trained on Yuri, unsure where his
text: loyalties lie. Yuri holds the fate of the camp in his hands - he
dialog: could still toss the grenade, destroy the second truck, sacrifice
dialog: his life.
text: Yuri stares to his brother and then to the grenade in his hand. He
text: reaches down and delicately takes the pin from between Vitaly's
dialog: lips.
text: The eyes of the brothers meet for the last time. Yuri inserts the
text: pin into the grenade, disarming it - the life goes from Vitaly's
dialog: eyes forever.
text: Yuri removes any last doubt by tossing the disarmed grenade to the
dialog: Rebel Leader.
text: Yuri walks away from Vitaly's dead body and returns to the
dialog: negotiating table - Yuri now the living dead. The Rebel Leader
text: looks to the two trucks - one burning, one not. He removes half of
text: the diamonds from the table.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK. DAY.
text: YURI sits in the cab, staring out of the window as the truck drives
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Vitaly broke the cardinal rule of
text: gunrunning. Never pick up a gun and join
dialog: the customers.
text: The truck turns the bend. In the background, true to Vitaly's
text: prediction, the rebels descend on the tent village, firing
text: indiscriminately with their new weapons.
text: Yuri hears the sound - we detect a barely perceptible flinch.
scene_heading: INT. REAR OF TRUCK. DAY.
text: A lone gun crate, emptied of its contents has been put to use as
text: VITALY's makeshift coffin.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Coffins are hard to come by in Sierra Leone.
dialog: Demand is so high. Fortunately, we had a lot
dialog: of boxes just the right size.
scene_heading: EXT. SIERRA LEONE MARKET. DAY.
text: "America's Funniest Home Videos" plays on a TV set. The canned
text: laughter appears to be almost directed at YURI who is making a long-
text: distance call on a geriatric telephone.
dialog: We aren't privy to the conversation.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know which is worse, Jewish guilt or
dialog: Catholic guilt. My parents were like God's
dialog: tag-team.
text: We pull back to reveal the makeshift coffin sitting at Yuri's feet.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: But I could not deny them the chance to say
text: goodbye to their eldest son.
scene_heading: INT. J.F.K. AIRPORT - CUSTOMS BAY. DAY.
text: CLOSE ON the screen of an X-RAY machine. Innocuous oversize cargo
text: passes in front of the screen - a surfboard, a double bass, then the
text: crate containing VITALY's body.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: For twenty Monrovian dollars a doctor removed the
text: lead from Vitaly's body and wrote a bogus death
dialog: certificate. I should have paid more.
text: The OPERATOR of the machine, stops the conveyor belt.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I've smuggled millions of rounds of
dialog: ammunition and the bullet that lands me in
dialog: jail is found under my dead brother's rib.
text: In Vitaly's chest, a bullet.
scene_heading: INT. J.F.K. AIRPORT - CONVEYOR BELT. DAY.
text: The other oversize items move down the conveyor belt for collection
text: - YURI waits with two burly PORTERS.
text: No other items are appearing - finally the coffin containing VITALY.
text: Two ATF AGENTS appear behind Yuri.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (flashing some ID)
dialog: Yuri Orlov, we're with the Bureau of
dialog: Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (resigned smile, regarding the
dialog: insignia on their jackets)
dialog: Believe it or not, I only use the first two.
text: The agents are not amused - handcuff Yuri.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You have the right to remain silent. Use
dialog: it.
text: They march him away.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK APARTMENT. DAY.
text: A phone rings.
text: AVA, out in the hallway, surrounded by suitcases, looks to the
text: phone, senses the identity of the caller.
text: She hustles NICOLAI out of the door, closes it behind her. The
text: phone continues to ring.
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN CENTRAL JAIL. DAY.
text: YURI, on a payphone, in the jailhouse corridor, reluctantly hangs
text: up. He makes another call.
scene_heading: INT. "THE CRIMEAN" RESTAURANT - BRIGHTON BEACH. DAY.
text: ANATOLY, lighting a candle, picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: "Crimean Restaurant".
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: Papa?
text: Anatoly looks at the telephone receiver in his hand - without
text: another word he passes the phone to IRINA. ANATOLY walks away.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Both my sons are dead.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM. DAY.
text: CLOSE ON a SLUG in an evidence bag tossed onto a table - by VALENTINE. The
text: Agent can scarcely contain his excitement.
text: YURI sits at the small table, stares at the slug.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: One of yours?
text: Yuri doesn't take the bait.
text: Two other AGENTS sit at the back of the room observe the
dialog: interrogation.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (referring to a document)
text: Curiously, the death certificate says he
dialog: died of heart failure.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Maybe he did.
dialog: (referring to the slug)
dialog: If I saw one of those coming at me, l'd have
dialog: heart failure.
text: The flippant comment gets under Valentine's skin but he keeps his
dialog: temper in check.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: We performed the autopsy and released your
dialog: brother's body to your family. You tried
dialog: to do something decent, Yuri. You went
dialog: against your nature. And now it's cost you.
dialog: (unable to resist)
dialog: Your brother's funeral is looking a lot like
dialog: your funeral.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Falsifying a death certificate? That's not
dialog: going to hold me.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You're right, as usual.
text: Yuri not so cocky now - waits to see where this is going.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (putting a copy of the New York
dialog: Times in front of Yuri)
dialog: Have you seen today's paper?
text: A front photograph of VALENTINE posing beside Yuri's documents including
text: his five BRIEFCASES. The headline reads, "MERCHANT OF DEATH IN CUSTODY".
dialog: Caption - "Catalogue of carnage."
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: (pacing, lauding it over Yuri)
dialog: Fake end-user certificates, cut-out
text: companies, all meticulously catalogued.
dialog: There's hardly a dictator, warlord or despot
dialog: anywhere in the world you aren't on first
dialog: name terms with.
dialog: (producing another evidence bag
text: containing Ava's diamond earrings
dialog: and an engagement ring)
dialog: Your trophy wife gave us the prize. She
dialog: also provided us with these - which we
dialog: suspect are conflict diamonds.
dialog: Yuri takes all this in.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: She has agreed to testify against you.
text: Yuri nods - picks up the newspaper. But instead of reading about
text: his own front page news, he opens the paper, turns to World Affairs
text: - various items on the warzones at the end of the millennium.
text: Yuri reads, takes his time. Valentine cannot believe his audacity.
text: Finally Yuri reacts. A broad smile - his killer smile.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Enjoy it.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: This. Tell me that I am everything you
dialog: despise, that I am the personification of
dialog: evil, that I'm responsible for the breakdown
dialog: of the social fabric of society and world
dialog: order, that I am a one man genocide. Say
dialog: everything you want to say to me now -
dialog: because you don't have long.
text: Valentine is infuriated by Yuri's casual demeanor.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Are you not paying attention or are you
dialog: delusional? You've broken every arms
dialog: embargo written. There's enough in those
dialog: briefcases to buy you consecutive life
dialog: sentences. You'll spend ten years going
dialog: from a cell to a courtroom before you even
dialog: start doing your time.
text: Yuri is looking away, apparently completely unconcerned. His
text: attitude further angers Valentine.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (cont'd)
dialog: You don't seem to fully appreciate the
dialog: seriousness of your situation!
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (snapping back - his emotion
dialog: finally showing)
dialog: My family has disowned me. My wife and son
dialog: have left me. My brother is dead. Trust
dialog: me, I fully appreciate the seriousness of my
dialog: situation. But I promise you I won't spend
text: a single second in a courtroom.
text: Valentine laughs derisively.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: You are delusional.
text: Yuri is still unfazed. He leans forward to close the deal.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I like you, Jack. Well, maybe not. But I
dialog: understand you. You feel your loyalty to
dialog: your badge has finally been rewarded. But
dialog: you haven't counted on the people who gave
dialog: you that badge.
text: Valentine's turn to hesitate.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: (meeting Valentine's gaze)
dialog: Let me tell you what's going to happen so
dialog: you can prepare yourself.
text: Yuri nods to the interview room door.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: Soon there's going to be a knock on that
dialog: door and you're going to be called outside.
text: A montage of scenes - Yuri's prediction plays out accompanied by his
dialog: commentary.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM. DAY.
text: A knock at the door and an AGENT nods to VALENTINE.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: In the hall there will be a man who
dialog: outranks you.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - JAIL. DAY.
text: Sure enough, a decorated military OFFICER talks to VALENTINE in the
dialog: hallway as Yuri describes.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: First, he will compliment you on the fine
dialog: job you've done, how you're making the world
dialog: a safer place and then he is going to tell
dialog: you that I am to be released.
text: We observe valentine's reaction - vigorously arguing with his
dialog: superior.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: You are going to protest, you will probably
dialog: threaten to resign.
text: The Officer, still turned away from us, tries to calm Valentine.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - JAIL. DAY.
text: The door to the interview room opens.
speaker_heading: YURI (O.C.)
dialog: But in the end I will be released.
text: Yuri exits the cell to freedom.
dialog: We return to the present.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM. DAY.
text: VALENTINE's eyes burn into YURI.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (glancing to the open newspaper)
dialog: The reason I'll be released is the same
dialog: reason you think I will be convicted. I do
text: rub shoulders with the most vile, sadistic
dialog: men calling themselves leaders today.
dialog: (referring to the newspaper)
dialog: But some of those men are the enemies of
dialog: your enemies.
text: Valentine is starting to get a sick feeling.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: And while the biggest arms dealer in the world
dialog: is your boss, the President of the United
dialog: States - who ships more merchandise in a day
dialog: than I do in a year - sometimes it's
dialog: embarrassing to have his fingerprints on the
dialog: guns. Sometimes he needs a freelancer like me
dialog: to supply opposition forces he can't be seen
dialog: supplying. You call me evil, but,
dialog: unfortunately for you, I am a necessary evil.
text: There is a long silence. Then,
text: A KNOCK AT THE DOOR.
text: Valentine and Yuri exchange a look. Valentine rises from the desk.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I would tell you to go to hell. But I think
dialog: you're already there.
text: Valentine turns on his heel. He is at the door when Yuri finally
dialog: replies.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What if I'm not? What if I sleep fine at
dialog: night? What if I sleep better than you? I
dialog: think that's what truly scares you.
text: Valentine doesn't look back, exits. Sure enough, the Officer is in
text: the hall as Yuri predicted - COLONEL SOUTHERN.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN JAIL - REAR EXIT. DAY.
text: A car trunk closes on Yuri's five briefcases and other documents.
text: YURI is escorted out the rear entrance of the city jail to the nondescript
text: sedan by COLONEL SOUTHERN. As he's ushered into the car, Southern hands
text: Yuri yet another briefcase.
text: COLONEL SOUTHERN ushers Yuri into the car, hands him yet another briefcase
text: as the car door closes.
scene_heading: INT. NONDESCRIPT SEDAN. DAY.
text: YURI rides alone with the briefcase on his lap.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: Most people are happy just to get out of
dialog: jail. I expect to be paid to leave.
text: Yuri opens the case - BALES OF CASH.
speaker_heading: YURI (V.O.)
dialog: I'm not a fool. I know that just because they
dialog: need me one day doesn't mean they won't make
dialog: me a scapegoat the next. But I was back doing
dialog: what I do best.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN. DAY.
text: The nondescript sedan melts into rush-hour traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. SOMEWHERE IN THE MIDDLE EAST - DESERT CHECKPOINT. DAY.
text: A checkpoint in the desert - the fence a literal line in the sand.
text: YURI accompanies a convoy of trucks. He is joking with a BORDER
text: OFFICER - back to doing what he loves.
text: The Border Officer inspects the crates in a truck, reads the
text: manifest marked, "UMBRELLAS - QTY: 4,040 units".
speaker_heading: BORDER OFFICER
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Umbrellas - to Saudi Arabia?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Sun umbrellas.
text: Yuri hands the Officer a plain, brown paper bag. The Officer looks inside
dialog: - a wad of cash.
speaker_heading: BORDER OFFICER
dialog: Have a safe trip.
text: The Officer waves the convoy through.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - BATTLEFIELD. DAY.
text: The desert where we first found YURI, the aftermath of a battle. He
text: speaks directly to camera once again.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: For someone who's never fired a gun or been
dialog: in a battle, I have suffered many
dialog: casualties in my life. I guess that's how I
dialog: survived. I never went to war...
text: His thought is interrupted by a burst of gunfire.
speaker_heading: YURI (cont'd)
dialog: ...especially with myself.
text: Yuri walks away through the charred munitions and black smoke.
text: In the distance the sound of sporadic gunfire.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: 
