speaker_heading: LOST SOULS
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Pierce Gardner
scene_heading: FADE IN ON:
dialog: Black screen
text: SOUND OS -- a CHOKED BACK BREATH, GASPING, lungs looking for
dialog: air, the struggle for life and we --
scene_heading: FLASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIMBO/WATER - ANOTHER TIME
text: GASPING for BREATH continues, more relentless, harder,
text: heavier and into the FRAME we SEE fragments, slowed into
text: special motion, dreamlike, surreal:
text: Dirty blonde hair lifts and tumbles;
text: Bubbles POP through the murky water;
text: A hand and then its attached arm swims, in trouble, trying to
dialog: climb;
text: And then floats as if disembodied, momentary;
text: The SWIMMER drifts, then a brief effort twisting, signs of
dialog: struggle;
text: A leg pushes off the nothingness, threatened, an impossible
dialog: fight;
text: And the claustrophobic GASP, a last chocked back BREATH as
text: other sounds begin to bleed in: the CRACKLE of a RADIO, a few
text: VOICES MURMURING and then more clearly --
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Jesus, please... Jesus...
text: The water blurs opaque, into a murky veil of illusion and we
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FORD FIESTA - MORNING
text: The cracked windshield of a blue Ford Fiesta. The clouded
text: form of the drowning SWIMMER is replaced by a small plastic
text: day-glo cross that sways as the Fiesta is lifted up on a tow
text: truck hoist. A PARAMEDIC jogs over to the car as
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC (O.S.)
dialog: Hold it, hold on...
text: The Fiesta stops its ascent. The passenger side door opens
text: and the Paramedic reaches in and snares the bopping cross.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - MORNING
text: The Paramedic carries the plastic symbol over to a middle
text: aged woman who's sitting on a stretcher, wearing a foam neck
text: brace and looking totally relaxed. This minor fender-bender
text: is an ignored sideshow on a quiet commercial street.
text: As the woman reclaims her crucifix, a lanky MAN strides by,
text: over-coated against the fall weather. We FOLLOW the MAN as
text: he rounds the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER CITY STREET - MORNING
text: And as he walks on, he gazes out at a small Catholic Church
dialog: ahead.
text: St. Ursula's is a modest seminary sitting adjacent to the
text: Church. And just in front, behind a chain link fence, is:
text: An asphalt playground used by the Church's pre-school
text: program. A group of CHILDREN play there in happy confusion,
text: watched by TWO FEMALE DAY-CARE WORKERS.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - MORNING
text: One of the day-care workers alternately pushes TWO KIDS on
text: the swings, using one hand. In her other hand, she holds a
text: cigarette. Her clothes are worn, her sneakers frayed. A
text: simple gold cross hangs loosely from her neck. She's got
text: ancient holes in her ear lobes from another, earlier time,
text: but no longer any earrings. This is MAYA LARKIN. The kids
text: she's pushing are singing "Frere Jacques" as they soar up and
text: down on the swings.
text: The second day-care worker, more nicely dressed, shoots Maya
text: disapproving glances as she gives her swinging child modest
dialog: pushes.
text: A Latino BOY walks up to Maya, both his shoes are untied and
text: his jacket's unzipped. He points to his feet.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (with mock severity)
dialog: Look at you.
text: She moves away from the swings, puts out the cigarette and
text: stoops down, tying his shoes. After she finishes, Maya
text: watches him run back into the throng. He dashes past the
text: LANKY MAN, standing just ten feet away. A powerful figure,
text: CLAUDE LAREAUX is in his sixties. A stern, heavy expression
text: glances his face.
text: Maya stands back up slowly, looking at him, a more serious
text: expression on her face now. She tosses her cigarette as we:
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROAD - MORNING
text: A non-descript Chrysler New Yorker as it winds its way down a
dialog: rural road.
scene_heading: INT. CHRYSLER MOVING - MORNING
text: The car's driver is a fleshy man in his forties named JOHN
text: TOWNSEND. He's anxious, a nail-biter, with the worn hands of
text: a worker. Townsend's slightly nerve-wracked, but trying to
dialog: settle it all inside.
text: Maya touches a fore-finger across her upper lip, warm, she
text: moves forward, covering heat vents with a cupped hand,
text: uncomfortable, then finally flipping off the heat altogether,
text: which makes a final WHOOSHING GASP. She POWERS OPEN the
text: electronic window, a rough hum as...
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: Lareaux, in the back seat watching her. Seated next to
text: Lareaux is a dark haired, kind looking man in his 30's,
speaker_heading: JEREMY.
text: Maya straightens the cuffs of her shirt sleeves - first the
text: right, then the left. Then she repeats it all. Townsend
text: notes the repetitive movement.
text: And the RADIO is ON in the B.G.:
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ #1
dialog: So it says here in today's news that
dialog: science is looking for a lost minute of
dialog: daylight.
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ #2
dialog: Yeah, what's that all about? They have
dialog: satellites now that can read our ATM
text: receipts from outer space, but no one
dialog: knows how we lost a minute of sunlight?
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ #1
dialog: When they find that minute...
text: Townsend FLIPS OFF the radio. There is an excruciatingly
text: loud pause as everyone in the car sits quietly. Then Maya
text: turns sideways, leaning towards the backseat, and whispers to
dialog: Lareaux:
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: (muffled by ROAR of passing
dialog: truck)
dialog: Why are you doing this to me?
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: I know, Maya, but you'll understand when
dialog: you see this man. I really need your
dialog: strength.
text: Maya silently acknowledges his remark.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: (subbed, in French)
dialog: Ensemble pour toujours quio qu'il
dialog: arrive.
text: Maya reaches over, putting a soft hand on Townsend's knee.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Good seeing you again.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: Whish the circumstances were different.
text: As Maya turns back around in her seat, Lareaux looks up, sees
text: Townsend's dart of worry in the rear view.
scene_heading: EXT. KINGS COUNTY MENTAL HOSPITAL - MORNING
text: Institutional 50's architecture. Two-story building on
text: picturesque grounds. The Chrysler pulls up to the gate.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - MORNING
text: Lareaux, his overcoat open, walks down the dim corridor. We
text: now see he's a priest. He's wearing a black cassock with a
text: waist-high surplice (belt) and a narrow purple stole. He
text: carries a Bible. Townsend, Maya and Jeremy are right beside
text: him. We see Jeremy is also a priest. Townsend is carrying a
text: hard, black leather suitcase.
text: Large windows, bordered by huge pillars, circumscribe the
text: never-ending corridors. Thick doors line the walls, each
text: with a tiny observation window, filled in with octagonal wire
text: patterns. The foursome avoids looking directly at any of
dialog: those windows.
text: They pass other rooms, doors wide open, lined with several
text: beds each separated by worn curtains.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SECOND CORRIDOR - MORNING
text: Sitting next to a door on this corridor is the hospital's
text: Chief Resident Psychiatrist, DR. LESLIE ALLEN. She's casual,
text: calm and intelligent. A mature woman in her late 50's, still
text: attractive, at peace with herself. As she sips a cup of
text: peppermint tea, she glances outside, through a window
text: opposite her chair, at a huge old tree, the antithesis of the
text: sterile, prison-like environment inside. She finds ways to
dialog: remain grounded in this place.
text: As Lareaux and company approach, Dr. Allen switches her gaze
dialog: and --
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (hands over a document)
dialog: Your court order, Dr. Allen.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: (standing, makes transition)
dialog: You know I'm not comfortable with this.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: But your patient is legally entitled to
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: This patient has been plagued with
dialog: temporal lobe seizures.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: It's the patient's request, doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: I'm aware of that, but I don't think
dialog: he's in any condition to make requests.
dialog: I'm trying to appeal to your
dialog: more...logical self, Father.
text: (as she glances briefly at
dialog: Maya, Townsend and Father
dialog: Jeremy)
dialog: I'm concerned about harm to my patient.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (picking up the Doc's visual
dialog: cue)
dialog: Father Jeremy and Deacon John Townsend
dialog: of St. Ursula's, and our associate, Maya
dialog: Larkin.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Secular assistants are permitted if
dialog: regarded as qualified. Maya is
dialog: eminently qualified.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: I think I should join you.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (brusquely, interrupting)
dialog: -- you wouldn't last five minutes.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (getting to it)
dialog: Just open the door, please.
text: As the Doctor unlocks the door, Lareaux, Townsend, Father
text: Jeremy and Maya file in. Tense. Cautious.
scene_heading: INT. PATIENT'S ROOM - MORNING
text: The room has been painted hot pink. The only furniture is a
text: large table, a chair and a bed. A few books sit stacked on
text: the table: Albert Beutel's Cryptology, George Fleck's Shaping
dialog: Space and Claude Shannon's seminal Mathematical Theory of
text: Communication, among others on advanced math.
text: A slightly round man named HENRY BIRDSON is seated in the
text: single restraining chair, compulsively writing numbers on a
text: yellow legal pad. He wears green hospital pants and T-shirt.
text: He looks up and smiles at all his visitors; a blinding, angry
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: BIRDSON
dialog: How do you like the color in here?
dialog: (glancing over barred windows)
dialog: Spos'ed to be relaxing.
text: Maya and Townsend avoid looking at Birdson. Maya straightens
text: the cuffs of her sleeves. Lareaux puts his Bible and a small
text: crucifix on the table.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: Hello Henry. Do you know why we're
dialog: here?
text: Birdson nods, pleased with himself. He stretches, languidly
text: drops his pad onto the table and yawns.
speaker_heading: BIRDSON
dialog: Looking forward to it. Do you have a
dialog: cigarette?
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
dialog: Lareaux
text: As he catches Maya's gaze and as --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: Maya, who looks back at Lareaux, we:
text: CROSSCUT TO A SERIES OF
speaker_heading: FLASHCUTS:
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER PLACE, ANOTHER TIME
text: Confined space. Cheesy lace curtains drape across plexi
text: sliding windows, a soft and constant WHISPERING of the "Our
dialog: Father" in the b.g. and we SEE: a younger Lareaux, longer
text: hair, moving gracefully toward Maya,
scene_heading: SUBTITLED IN LATIN
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: Do not remember, O Lord, our sins or
dialog: those of our forefathers.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: Maya's face. Wide-eyed at 16 years old. In the b.g., Maya's
text: sister, stands rigid, afraid.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: And do not punish us for our offences.
text: An arm twisting almost out of its socket. A SCREAM.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: And lead us not into temptation.
text: SCREAMING CONTINUES. Maya's on a bed, her head jerks
text: sideways, involuntarily.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX (CONT'D)
dialog: But deliver us from evil...
text: A crucifix follows its own shadow as we:
scene_heading: CROSSCUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. PATIENT'S ROOM - MORNING
text: Townsend opens the black leather suitcase. Inside: rolls of
text: duct and masking tape, two Bibles, three rosaries, a
text: scapular, bottles of holy water and a gold Chalice, sitting
text: in foam-laden velvet, for the Communion Eucharist.
text: Maya quickly and expertly locks in Birdson's chair
text: restraints. Arms and legs.
text: Father Jeremy pulls out a roll of duct tape, sealing the desk
text: drawer shut. Then, he sets up a portable tape recorder on
dialog: the table. Secures that as well.
text: Birdson restrained, Maya pulls large square-cut pieces of
text: blackout cloth out of the suitcase. She grabs a roll of
text: masking tape, TEARING two pieces of it with her teeth, right
text: off the roll. A SEARING, jarring sound, unexpected every
text: time. Moving to the door, she immediately tapes a square of
text: blackout cloth over the observation window. As the cloth
text: drops, Dr. Allen's face disappears.
text: Maya TEARS several more pieces of masking tape, continuing to
text: block out each window.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR
text: Two hours later, Dr. Allen is reassuring one of her patients.
text: She's calm, focused, helpful.
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (pointing to his stomach)
dialog: My bowel is out. I told you. It's
dialog: open, can't you see it! My stomach's
dialog: been eviscerated!
text: Suddenly an ORDERLY bursts around the corner, sprinting
text: toward her.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR
text: Dr. Allen and the orderly are jogging down the hallway. The
text: sound of SCREAMING can be faintly heard in the distance.
text: Dr. Allen starts to run, leaving her patient, holding her
text: stethoscope and pocket for anything that might fall out. Her
text: BREATHING is slightly LABORED. Her patient SCREAMS after
dialog: her:
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (freaked)
dialog: My bowel!!! My stomach's been
dialog: eviscerated! And you won't help me!
dialog: HELP ME!!!
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR
text: A stunned Laura Allen stands outside Birdson's room as TWO
text: MORE ORDERLIES frantically try to pry open the door.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: (an order of meds.)
dialog: Haldol, Cogenten, Atavan 5, 2 and 2 IM.
text: From the room, a CHORUS of TORMENTED VOICES is heard. A
text: hideous CACOPHONY that builds in intensity with each passing
text: moment, punctuated by sharp explosions of wood and glass.
text: It sounds like the room is being torn to pieces. Along with
dialog: everyone in it.
text: Something heavy hits the door on the other side.
text: Suddenly, the door BURSTS open. The screaming instantly
dialog: stops.
text: Lareaux's at the door, pushing past the two orderlies and as
text: he collapses against a wall, Dr. Allen sees he's shaking,
text: completely devastated. Father Jeremy hurries after him,
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: FATHER JEREMY
dialog: Father, are you alright? Can you get
dialog: up?
text: Laura Allen walks slowly over to the door. And bracing
text: herself, she leans forward and stares inside.
text: The room is immaculate. Nothing's damaged, not a stick of
text: furniture is out of place. Townsend and Maya slowly back
text: out, careful not to look at Birdson who sits nonchalantly
text: still tied to his chair...
speaker_heading: BIRDSON
dialog: He's right here, you know.
text: Birdson turns and stares at Dr. Allen with a chilling look of
dialog: triumph.
speaker_heading: BIRDSON (CONT'D)
text: (same languid posture, his own
dialog: thought process etched in his
dialog: brain)
dialog: Come on in...
text: Dr. Allen freezes. Townsend moves past her. Maya pulls the
text: door shut very quickly. In her hand, she's grabbed Birdson's
text: legal pad and one of his advanced math books.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN CRIMINAL COURTHOUSE - MORNING
text: A restless CROWD clusters outside the entrance of the
text: Manhattan courthouse, a mixture of press, public and
dialog: security.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - MORNING
text: Inside the packed courtroom, the atmosphere is hushed and
dialog: tense.
text: Up on the witness stand, MR. SILBERMAN, a meek, reluctant
text: witness, is testifying. The DEFENSE ATTORNEY is relentless.
text: The JURY seems pretty intent on the testimony. They eye:
speaker_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Silberman, you worked with the
dialog: defendant, George Viznick, for two
dialog: years.
text: The accused, GEORGE VIZNICK. He's in his early 20's, with
text: thick, black hair and strong features. His neatly-pressed
text: suit and tie cannot disguise the fact he has the feral eyes
text: of an unrepentant psychopath.
speaker_heading: MR. SILBERMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY (O.S.)
dialog: (pacing in front of witness)
dialog: And how would you describe him?
speaker_heading: MR. SILBERMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Quiet. Real quiet...
speaker_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY (O.S.)
dialog: And on the day of the murders, his state
dialog: of mind?
speaker_heading: MR. SILBERMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Seemed...on edge.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY (O.S.)
dialog: On the day of the murders
dialog: (dramatic pause)
dialog: what did the defendant request?
speaker_heading: MR. SILBERMAN (O.S.)
dialog: He asked to go home early. He said he
dialog: was bothered by all the people who kept
dialog: telling him what to do.
speaker_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY (O.S.)
dialog: (to the jury)
dialog: Tell the jury how many people work in
dialog: that office with you and Mr. Viznick.
speaker_heading: MR. SILBERMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Just me.
dialog: There's a general MURMUR at this disclosure and... In the
text: first row, wearing his press credentials like all the other
text: prominent members of the media, sits PETER KELSON. Peter's
text: in his early 30's, fit, handsome, well-dressed, even
text: seductive. The ubiquitous success story, cynical, edgy and
text: focused, he's all or nothing. Peter takes notes in a leather
text: book, graph paper, his own color-coded system, meticulous
text: annotation. He stares intently at the defendant.
scene_heading: INT. MAYA'S ROOM IN THE SEMINARY - DAY
text: A woman's arm and hand are visible as she writes -
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: piece of notebook paper covered with a nonsensical collection
dialog: of vowels and consonants.
text: We TILT UP to see Maya, who tosses the sheet onto a pile of
text: rejects. She takes a sip of coffee. Stale. Maya reacts.
text: Finishes a cigarette. Puts it out in a plain glass ashtray.
text: Lying next to her pack of cigarettes, a vintage Zippo,
dialog: inscribed, "peace and fuck you."
text: To Maya's left is Birdson's legal pad. On it he has written
text: rows of numbers in neat, precise handwriting. Maya has drawn
text: red lines at regular intervals, showing a repeating pattern
text: of 11 numbers in a row.
text: In the b.g., her used, always, "ON," 24" TV is airing a
text: daytime talk show. Guy describes his girlfriend's affair AD
text: LIB. Maya reacts to the insanity of the show.
text: On the wall above Maya's table that serves as her desk, is a
text: varied collection of crayoned drawings from the children in
text: her day-care class, a postcard from Louisiana depicting New
text: Orleans, a postcard-sized copy of Modigliani portrait of a
text: woman, and an old photograph of Maya and her sister.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: The page she just discarded "IF R EQUALS ONE" at the top and
text: letters of the alphabet matched up with a series of numbers.
text: Birdson's cryptology book is visible to Maya's right, as she
text: works off her newest piece of paper, labeled "IF S EQUALS
text: ONE." Maya moves to her mini fridge. Looks inside. Pulls
text: out a soda. Pops the tab. Spray startles her a moment.
text: Wipes off her fingers. SLAMS the door.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Comparing numbers and letters with a second piece of paper,
text: Maya notes that the first number, 24, gives her the letter
text: "P." The next number, 13, produces an "E." She writes those
text: down. Flicks a long ash into a half-full ashtray. Gulps
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Maya continues the coded procedure. The next three numbers
text: equal a "T," an "E" and an "R." Finally spelling "Peter."
text: Maya gets up. Stretches. Ashtray getting full. Taps out a
text: single cigarette from her shirt pocket. Lights it. EXHALES
text: deeply. Excited and scared at the same time.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Maya checks her newest numbers, adding the letter "K." Tamps
text: out her cigarette into an ashtray with earlier cigarette
text: debris. Small stacks of used up paper. Maya stares at her
text: results, exhausted.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY/COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: An explosion of CHATTER as the CROWD empties from the
text: courtroom. Many of the MEDIA rush to a press room across the
dialog: hall.
text: As Peter heads that way, we see he enjoys some celebrity
text: status. Heads turn and fingers point as he goes by. Peter
text: stops a tall, Asian 26 year-old who's striding by with a
text: thick packet.
text: This is MICHAEL KIM, Peter's researcher.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Mr. Kelson, here's the stuff you wanted
dialog: on pathological narcissism.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What about that psychic, what's his
dialog: name, Szabo?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He can see you Thursday.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (shaking his hand)
dialog: I think it's gonna be a waste of time.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (trying to reassure his boss)
dialog: The police used him as a witness in this
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (unsmiling, but he likes
dialog: Michael)
dialog: I'll be at Bedford tonight, if you need
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: Nice suit.
text: Peter takes off, weaving his way through the crowds. And as
text: he enters a MEN'S ROOM:
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Peter saunters up to a urinal. A rough looking man in his
text: late 40's comes out of a stall and approaches Peter. This is
text: a tough cop named MIKE SMYTHE.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: (smiling, friendly)
dialog: Hey! Mr. big shot.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (smile emerging)
dialog: Mike. Oh, the christening. I meant to
dialog: call...
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: (releases his hold)
dialog: Yeah, right. I don't know why I
dialog: bothered inviting you guys. I knew you
dialog: wouldn't show.
text: Peter finishes. Zips up and goes to wash his hands. Smythe
text: looks in the mirror, too, noticing a food stain on his shirt.
text: He dabs at it half-heartedly.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE (CONT'D)
dialog: So, Viznick's got a meet with his lawyer
dialog: in the ayem.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (his interest is piqued)
dialog: Really? You know, seeing these guys
text: away from the court, the facade slips.
dialog: You catch things.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Yeah, yeah. I've heard it before. Just
dialog: be sure you spell my name right. Nine
dialog: o'clock?
text: Smythe hands Peter a tiny penlight.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: So you can see where you're going when
dialog: you crawl up his asshole.
dialog: Off Peter's smile, we:
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO - AFTERNOON
text: The typical particle board and wallpaper set that looks
text: better on the small screen. Two chairs, one with Peter and
text: one with the glossy blonde, perfectly styled, TV personality,
scene_heading: SALLY PRESCOTT.
text: THE FLOOR MANAGER silently finishes the countdown as a make
text: up man touches up Peter before rushing off the set.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: As a part of today's story on the trial
dialog: of mass murderer George Viznick, we
dialog: welcome Peter Kelson, author of the
text: current best-seller, VICIOUS INTENT.
dialog: Thank you for joining us, Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Thanks for having me, Sally.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Peter, you're now writing a book about
dialog: the Viznick case. You seem to be making
dialog: a career of studying sensational
dialog: murderers. I have to ask, how does it
dialog: make you feel when you sit in courtrooms
text: day after day, face to face with alleged
dialog: killers?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, long-term exposure to things like
dialog: this tends to give you a sort of
dialog: clinical understanding of the subject.
dialog: After awhile, you begin to make friends
dialog: with it, so to speak.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It's as if you are saying the closer you
dialog: get to evil, the less evil it becomes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No, the less mystifying. Good and evil
dialog: are only illusions. There is no such
dialog: thing as evil with a capital "E." That
dialog: suggests some third party bad guy
dialog: pulling all the strings.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (a bit mesmerized)
dialog: You're referring to the defense's
dialog: efforts to prove that George Viznick is
dialog: tormented by "demonic voices?"
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: There weren't any voices.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Not even from some mental illness, as
dialog: the prosecution asserts?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: As if there's another cause for little
dialog: voices? No, Sally, Viznick's a
dialog: manipulator, he's clever, he has what I
dialog: call malignant narcissism.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, we all have a degree of
text: narcissism, Sally, but a malignant
text: narcissist is dangerously self-obsessed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Are you saying he's legally sane?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, George Viznick is in the grayest
dialog: of gray areas in the sanity spectrum.
text: Viznick is not psychotic.
text: He's simply unable to submit to any
dialog: higher authority.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: Meaning, Viznick's a man who answers to
dialog: no one. Not even God.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (steps ahead of her)
dialog: Right. If you believe in God. As a
dialog: narcissist, Viznick couldn't blame
dialog: himself for the alleged murders. He
dialog: created the voices after the fact. In
dialog: order to avoid the simple truth that
dialog: there is no outside force that guides
dialog: George Viznick and that George Viznick
dialog: needs to pay.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (personally interested)
dialog: And what about you? What about Peter
dialog: Kelson? Where is your moral compass?
text: Peter is momentarily serious, interior, then the brief slight
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, lucky for me, I'm not on trial,
dialog: Sally. However, I like to think I'm the
text: actual needle on the compass. Morality
dialog: is which way you're facing. The needle
dialog: always points north.
text: Sally smiles, a sucker for that sort of crap.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL BOOTH - CONTINUOUS
text: The TECHNICAL DIRECTOR leans over to a CAMERAMAN.
speaker_heading: TECH DIRECTOR
dialog: Sally's hot for this guy.
text: A tall attractive female P.A. overhears.
dialog: P.A.
dialog: He's cute.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (more taken with him than she
dialog: thought)
dialog: Peter...Kelson, ah, thank you for
dialog: joining us.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: A pleasure, Sally.
speaker_heading: TECH DIRECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: And that's a cut.
text: Sally leans forward to Peter and proffers a copy of his book.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Would you sign it for me?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (flashes a killer smile)
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: EXT. SAINT BENEDICTUS/MANHATTAN - AFTERNOON
text: A Range Rover double parks in front of an immense Catholic
text: Church. Peter gets out.
text: Across the street, a group of Orthodox Jews walk by. On the
text: steps of the church is an exotic woman, stylish in a yellow
text: Prada dress with a matching yellow nylon zip jacket. CLAIRE
text: VAN OWEN hugs the collar to her neck against a sudden winter
text: guest. She's a magazine stylist and Peter's girlfriend. As
text: Peter meets Claire on the street, he grabs hold of her,
text: relaxed. He kisses her deeply. Claire still reacts, though
dialog: it's been a year.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (obviously in love)
dialog: I missed you.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (seeing it)
dialog: Do you think they have a room here?
text: She smiles at the possibility.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: How'd your interview go? I'm sure you
dialog: charmed the hell out of Sally.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: She's a talk show host. They can't be
dialog: charmed. By definition.
text: Claire slides an arm through Peter's. Then, she reaches up,
text: suddenly kissing him hard on the mouth.
scene_heading: INT. SAINT BENEDICTUS - AFTERNOON
text: Peter and Claire walk down the center aisle, dwarfed by the
text: vast vaulted ceiling and rosette stations of the cross. At
text: the Travertine and Terrazzo altar, there's a solemn
text: atmosphere. Choir practice is just about to end and the
scene_heading: SINGERS are CHANTING A-CAPELLA in Latin.
text: Standing before them, keeping time and tone, is FATHER JAMES
text: MCKENZIE, a good-natured priest in his late fifties. He sees
text: Peter and Claire and lets the choir practice wind down.
text: Singers begin to collect their music as Father James moves
text: toward his visitors, happy to see them, as always. He gives
text: Peter a strong hug.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: How're you doing?
dialog: (to Claire)
text: Looking lovely as always.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You ready?
text: James turns to the choir.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Alright, you shrieking harpies, enough
dialog: of that racket. Be off with you.
text: The choir makes their way out in several directions, shaking
text: their heads at Father James' corny humor.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: And if you have to sin tonight, try to
dialog: make it something original.
text: A GROAN from the group at the bad pun. Claire and Peter
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VESTRY/SAINT BENEDICTUS - AFTERNOON
text: Father James carefully and ritualistically removes his
dialog: vestments.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER - AFTERNOON
text: Peter is driving up the West Side Highway, relaxed, an arm
text: out the window. Claire is beside him.
text: James sits in the back, peaceful, meditative, as the trees
text: lining the road move by in a sort of blurred landscape.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Between your book sales and this TV
dialog: thing, there's going to be no living
dialog: with you. And let me guess, you boiled
dialog: God down to a conceit.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You know how I feel. The world is
dialog: random. The only certainty I believe in
dialog: is death.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Given all that's happened, I understand.
dialog: The world is random, but then there's
dialog: faith. Where are you in death without
dialog: it?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Suddenly a car cuts Peter off. Peter slams on his breaks.
text: Close call. Claire's purse falls off her lap. Lipstick
text: spills out. She steadies herself against the dash with a
text: hand. James is pressed forward into his seat belt.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: What a...jerk!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Peter, are you okay?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Fine.
text: Peter resumes driving, mildly irritated.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (getting back to the
dialog: conversation)
dialog: It's great of you to let William and
text: Susan stay at the house until he gets on
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (cutting across the
dialog: earnestness)
dialog: It's Susan's cooking, Claire. That's
dialog: why Uncle James lets them stay.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Nonsense, it's all of our home.
dialog: (to Claire)
dialog: So how's work treating you?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: Frustrating. Form over content.
dialog: Everything's so retro.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Well, if Peter here would hop off his
dialog: laurels long enough to marry you...
text: At the wheel, Peter gazes straight out at the road. No
text: expression. But he cringes inwardly.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (interrupting for Peter's sake)
dialog: ...you wearing a watch, Father?
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Yes. It's exactly...
text: he slides back his sleeve as Clair looks at her watch.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Can you check the century hand for me?
text: Mine seems to be ahead.
text: James LAUGHS. Peter shakes his head. The notion of
dialog: commitment more private to him that to his more expansive
text: uncle. Claire inadvertently glances at Peter, then she looks
text: out her window, an awkward, inward moment.
scene_heading: INT. MAYA'S ROOM - SEMINARY - AFTERNOON
text: Maya's TV is on, as usual. She SNAPS open a bag of edamame
text: soy nuts, popping them into her mouth, while a lit cigarette
text: sits in the glass ashtray next to her. She eats and smokes
text: alternately. Feet up, socks on. Maya's flipping through the
text: Manhattan white pages, looking for the last time, Kelson.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION SCREEN - AFTERNOON
text: Caption has been flashed onscreen:
scene_heading: PETER KELSON, AUTHOR OF VICIOUS INTENT.
text: Sally Price is interviewing Peter Kelson.
scene_heading: INT. MAYA'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Maya glances up and she can't believe what she reads. Takes
dialog: her a moment to pull it all in:
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Oh my God!
text: INTERCUT WITH TV SCREEN AS NECESSARY.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: ...as a narcissist, he couldn't blame
dialog: himself. He created the voices after
dialog: the fact.
text: Maya shoves a pen between her teeth, while she tears off a
text: sheet of paper. She immediately scribbles the name of the
text: book on the torn piece of paper.
text: As Maya looks back up at the TV, a dart of interest.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE - AFTERNOON
text: A table showcasing the current best-sellers prominently
text: features Peter's book, VICIOUS INTENT.
text: Maya reaches in and picks up a copy. Immediately flips to
text: the jacket flyleaf at the back. Reads a moment and as she
dialog: dos we see the bio: "born in Bedford, NY, a crime writer
dialog: whose own parents were murdered..."
text: Maya heads to a payphone and dials.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNSEND'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
text: John Townsend sits at his meticulously maintained PIANO,
text: which is in sharp contrast to the otherwise rundown
text: surroundings. The phone rings.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: (picking up)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I know who he is.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: Maya? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I'll explain everything later. Can you
dialog: meet me tonight?
scene_heading: EXT. BEDFORD HOUSE - DUSK
text: It's a large house. Peter pulls up and HONKS. As he, James
text: and Claire get out of the car, they walk past an old swing
text: hanging from an enormous tree. Childhood remnant.
text: Expecting them, a man in his late 30's wearing heavy rimmed
text: GLASSES moves out of the house. This is WILLIAM, Peter's
text: brother, followed by his wife, SUSAN.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: About time, I'm starving.
text: He grabs Peter in a bear hug. Peter looks uncomfortable.
text: And as he pulls free, he collides inadvertently with a low
text: hanging tree branch. As it starts to bleed, Peter sucks on
text: his lip. The swing moves slightly in the b.g.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I could use a drink.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I've got martinis on ice and I grabbed
text: some good bottles from the cellar.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Everyone except Susan troops into the dining room, where an
text: impressive dinner awaits them. They take their places behind
text: their respective chairs. A routine. BUZZ of conversation.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Hey, Peter, I missed your show. How'd
dialog: it go?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Don't worry, we taped it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I don't think they got my best side.
text: Susan moves in, carefully balancing a few ceramic platters
text: and then she bends over the table, squeezing the last plate
text: onto a huge wooden table already covered with plates of
text: various food. Then, she sits down herself. Takes a little
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: This is it. If you need anything else,
dialog: get it yourself.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (mock distress)
dialog: Susan, I don't see any salt.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I love you, too.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: You know, I made a reservation at
text: Marco's for Peter's birthday dinner, but
dialog: maybe you should cater it.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: What time did you make it for?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (to Father James)
dialog: Eight. That okay?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: By the way, I want your advice on what
dialog: to get him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (immediately to William, kind)
dialog: I don't want you spending any money on
dialog: me. Not right now.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: Peter, in life, you should never deny
dialog: the giver the pleasure of the gift.
dialog: (amused, to Claire)
dialog: All those years raising him. They seem
dialog: to have had absolutely no effect. Now
dialog: William, at least he listened to me.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Let's eat already.
text: Father James bows his head and immediately, the family
text: follows. A signaled, almost unconscious gesture known to
text: everyone. They all look down except Peter. Claire gives him
text: an annoyed glance.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Bless us, oh Lord, for these thy gifts
dialog: through they bounty through Christ our
dialog: Lord. And a special blessing for Peter
text: and William's mother, Andrea, and their
dialog: father, Jack, in whose memory we gather
dialog: here every year. May their souls and
dialog: the souls of the faithfully departed
dialog: rest in peace. Amen.
text: A stark silence as Peter and William remember. Claire looks
text: at Susan. Then:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hey, Will, remember that dream I used to
dialog: have over and over again when I was
dialog: little, about the bear and the mountain.
dialog: You know, right after...
dialog: William nods "yes."
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: ...well, you know, I really think the
dialog: trial's getting to me, because I've been
dialog: having this weird dream every night.
dialog: Only this time, of course, it's much
dialog: different...
text: Everyone's looking at Peter.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You never said anything to me...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It's probably trivial.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Recurring dreams are never
text: insignificant.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Okay, I'll tell you. I'm reading a book
dialog: - I can't remember what the book is when
text: I wake up - but I realize halfway
dialog: through it's something I've written. Or
dialog: will write. Anyway, I get to the end of
dialog: the book and I'm feeling very satisfied
text: and I close the cover to read the title
text: and it only says "x-e-s". Three
dialog: letters. For some reason, that makes me
dialog: feel great, and I wake up.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: (looking around at the silenced
text: table, holding back a smirk, a
dialog: moment, then)
dialog: Peter, "x-e-s" is "sex" spelled
dialog: backwards.
text: More silence, then James bursts out LAUGHING. Then Susan
dialog: can't gold it back and then William.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: (looks around, big smile
text: turning into LAUGHTER)
dialog: What can I say? I'm not a master of the
text: obvious.
text: And that sends everyone into an uncontrollable fit of
text: LAUGHTER and as they're all in various states of choked back
text: hysterics, suddenly William's LAUGHING becomes seriously
text: uncontrolled and then:
text: William's head involuntarily jerks backward, his eyes begin
dialog: to roll up.
text: Susan is first to notice, while LAUGHTER continues in the
text: b.g. and she leaps to catch him.
text: As William starts to tip over backward in his chair, Peter
text: then realizes and together, Susan and Peter ease William onto
text: the floor and turn him on his side.
text: James grabs a pillow from an armchair in the room, shoving it
text: under William's head and...
text: As William's epileptic attack winds down slightly, Susan
text: looks up at James:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It's been a long time since his last
dialog: seizure. I guess we've got to adjust
text: his medication again.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINARY HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The shadowy figures of Maya and John Townsend can be seen
text: almost in silhouette.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: And what are you thinking we should do
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I've filed a report with Father Frank.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: A lot of good that'll do.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: We need all the help we can get.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: I've dealt with these people before,
dialog: Maya. They're not going to help us.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: We'll see Father Frank in the morning.
dialog: There's nothing to be done until then.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: (on edge)
dialog: Alright, Maya. We'll do it your way.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINARY CHAPEL - NIGHT
text: A troubled John Townsend prays to God for answers.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINARY OFFICE - EARLY MORNING
text: FATHER FRANK, a sweet-faced priest in his 40's, is conferring
text: with two church officials. We TRACK him as he exits the
dialog: office and cross through to:
scene_heading: INT. ALTAR - CONTINUOUS
text: A JANITOR polishes the marble of the ornate altar. Father
text: Frank enters and pauses a moment to watch the man at work.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: Don't forget to polish the brass
dialog: afterwards.
scene_heading: EXT. SEMINARY GARDEN - CONTINUOUS
text: The seminary has a small, planted, meditative garden, shoe
text: horned in behind the rectory buildings.
text: Maya sits on a simple wooden bench, her tiny cross glinting
text: off sunlight. Her eyes are closed and her head is tilted up
text: toward the sun.
text: Maya snaps out of her reverie, as Father Frank approaches.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: (kind, but resolved)
dialog: Maya, the Diocese has rejected your
dialog: report. And I must say, I agree with
dialog: them.
text: A JET ROARS overhead, DEAFENING momentary noise. Father
text: Frank looks up a moment, then:
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: (comforting tone)
dialog: I don't mean to belittle you, but we've
dialog: been through this before. Satan is not
dialog: what you think he is. Satan is not some
dialog: creature.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You weren't there. Give me time to get
text: some proof.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: Please, Maya. I'm trying to get us into
dialog: the next century and you insist on this
dialog: medieval nonsense.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: If you really believe in God, why is it
dialog: so inconceivable that his enemy is just
dialog: as real?
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: Maya, for the last time, I will not
dialog: tolerate these obsessions.
text: Anxious, Maya rubs her cross between a thumb and forefinger,
text: distractedly.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINARY STAIRWELL - EARLY MORNING
text: Maya crosses through the dim hallway and heads up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINARY BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: A bright, clean bathroom with new fixtures and fluorescent
text: lights. Maya comes in, trying to contain her frustration.
text: Turns the water on. She watches the water a moment. Then
text: puts her hands in. Cool on her wrists. Splashes her face.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (despairing)
dialog: Stupid man. I can't do this...
text: At that moment, she hears something. It's faint, but
text: unmistakable - the sound of SCRAPING METAL ON METAL. Then it
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: No response.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM ABOVE:
text: Maya faces all six stalls. She walks to the first one,
text: pushes open the door. It's empty. She repeats this at the
dialog: second stall, the thirds, the fourth, the fifth. All are
text: vacant. Now the last one. She pauses just a second.
text: The lights HUM. She pushes it open. It's empty. Disturbed,
text: she turns back to the sink and as she looks down, the water
text: flows instantly backwards, disappearing up into the faucet.
text: She turns back again, watching the room change from pristine
text: to rotting decay. The stalls behind her have changed. The
text: doors are closed again. They're battered, chipped, scarred.
text: Rusty water flows from underneath. She whirls around. On
text: the stall directly behind her, the letters "X" "E" and "S"
text: have been scratched into the metal in loose, flowing script.
text: At the same time, the lights go dim. The HUM is uneven, more
text: menacing. Alarmed, Maya closes her eyes, then opens them.
text: The vision remains. Her breathing gets lighter, faster.
text: Fingers appear on the top of the stall door behind her. The
text: door is pulled open. A man in inside, wearing hospital
text: clothes. It's Henry Birdson. His eyes bore into hers. He's
text: got a knife in his right hand. Petrified, she stares back.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not real.
text: He leers and nods, "Yes I am." He steps toward her. Every
text: instinct in her body screams at her to run. But she stays
text: put. And we HEAR A CHOKED BACK BREATH and Birdson slowly
text: extends his knife, just inches from her face.
text: Closer to her face. Then closer still. Until the tip of the
text: blade is slowly creeping toward Maya's eye.
speaker_heading: ECU
text: of the tip of the blade, literally millimeters from her
text: pupil. Closing painfully slow. Maya braces herself.
speaker_heading: ECU
text: of the tip of the knife now only a hair away.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: Birdson. He smiles. And THRUSTS. She suddenly reaches up
text: and grabs for the blade. The lights "flare" horrifyingly
text: bright for a split second. We hear a surreal distortion of
text: Maya's voice crying out.
text: And "Birdson" vanishes. Maya's looking at a pristine
text: bathroom, its unmarked stall doors pulled tight. Victorious
text: but drained, she slumps forward.
scene_heading: INT. LAREAUX'S ROOM - MORNING
text: Inside Father Lareaux's Spartan room at the seminary, Lareaux
text: lies in bed, his face turned towards the wall. He's
text: MUMBLING. Maya has pulled herself together and sits by the
text: bed with Father Jeremy and an irritated Father Frank.
text: In the b.g., John Townsend is urgently riffling the books and
text: papers on Lareaux's desk. Most of which we SEE are about
dialog: demonic possession.
text: Unknown to anyone, Townsend slides two of the books under his
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: (to Maya)
dialog: Leave him alone.
text: Maya doesn't want to hear that. She leans closer. The full
text: wound of her childhood pressed back into her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (compassionately)
dialog: Father, it's me, Maya. Tu m'entends?
text: Lareaux rolls over and looks at her. The change in his
text: appearance is shocking. His eyes are red-rimmed and his
text: expression is unfocused.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (with a nursery rhyme cadence)
dialog: ...the ark sank, the sun set, the ark
dialog: sank again.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Father, I'm right here.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (like a child)
dialog: ...the ark sank, the sun set, the ark
dialog: sank again...
text: his eyes are wild. Father Frank turns to Maya.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: He's not going to respond...
text: Maya slowly backs away.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: The doctor's concerned he may never come
dialog: out of this dementia.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: He will. He has great faith.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: But bad judgement. And now you see how
dialog: dangerous the consequences can be.
text: Maya moves over to a silent John Townsend.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: John. I've got to head back to the
dialog: city.
dialog: (to Father Jeremy)
dialog: Would you page me if there's any change
dialog: whatsoever?
dialog: (Maya hurriedly writes her
dialog: pager number down for Jeremy)
dialog: Anything, okay?
speaker_heading: FATHER JEREMY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: I wish I could help.
text: Maya smiles sweetly at Father Jeremy.
scene_heading: INT. SEMINARY HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Maya and Townsend confer down the hall from Lareaux's room.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
text: It's useless...look at him.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You can't back out on me now. We need
dialog: to be sure.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Sure of what? Who cares if this guy is
dialog: devoid of faith or sleeps over a
dialog: pentacle? Results are what Lareaux
dialog: would want.
text: Maya stares intently at Townsend. Father Jeremy approaches
text: from down the hall, aware of the tension between them.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't want to face it.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Look, John, I'm facing it.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
text: I'm not waiting until it's too late.
text: Townsend walks away.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: Is he going to be okay?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I hope so.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH - DAY
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: A list of names, all doctors. Some have bene crossed off.
text: And as we PULL BACK, we see Maya's on the phone on a Bedford
text: main drag and, as she DIALS, she pivots in the booth, anxious
text: thought process, a pencil being lobbed between two fingers.
text: Suddenly, a VOICE over the phone.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, I'd like to make an appointment for
dialog: Peter Kelson.
text: As she waits, she pivots back around again.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: no, he's not a new patient. Okay, thank
dialog: you, bye.
text: Maya crosses off another doctor's name from her list. DROPS
text: in two more quarters, as several sit stacked by the phone.
text: Maya glances around. As she checks her list, TAPPING out
text: another number, she takes a deep BREATH as she sees
text: A MAN walking his dog. The dog suddenly stops, squats and
text: takes a greasy shit right on the sidewalk. Maya can't
text: believe it, wants to say something but the line picks up:
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: (refocusing)
dialog: Hi, I'd like to make an appointment for
dialog: Peter Kelson.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: No, he's a returning patient. You
dialog: don't. Thanks anyway.
text: Crosses off another name. DROPS in two more quarters. TAPS
text: out another number. Maya bends the silver phone cord
text: distractedly, back and forth awhile, and as the line picks
dialog: back up:
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: (rote)
dialog: Hi, I'd like to make an appointment for
dialog: Peter Kelson.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Kelson, hold on a second...
text: Maya waits anxiously as
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, Mr. Kelson hasn't been here in
dialog: awhile...
text: A pause, while Maya listens, then, repeating.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Tomorrow. Ten o'clock? Great.
text: Maya hangs up, circling a name and address on her list, and
text: as she takes off as we:
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BEDFORD GENERAL PRACTITIONER - DAY
text: Doctor's Office. Formica reception desk. Small waiting
text: room. Few PATIENTS sit, reading magazines, waiting for their
dialog: doctor.
text: Maya walks in the door, moving to the rectangular opening at
text: the check-in desk.
text: Young receptionist, visibly pregnant, castors around to Maya,
text: handing her the clipboard, standard procedure.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (taking it in, but ignoring it)
dialog: I don't know how to begin, by
dialog: boyfriend...
dialog: (looks around, in whisper)
dialog: my ex-boyfriend. The last time we were
dialog: together, he, shit...
text: Maya's on the verge of tears. The receptionist knows what's
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: I took one of those home pregnancy
dialog: tests, but I don't want to tell him.
dialog: I'm RH negative. My blood type is
dialog: negative...
dialog: (starting to cry)
dialog: If he's RH positive, I'll have to
dialog: terminate.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (handing Maya Kleenex)
dialog: How many weeks are you honey/
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Thirteen. The last time, can you
dialog: believe it? This is how he says
dialog: "Goodbye?"
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (registers alarm)
dialog: You need his blood-type. Like right
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (ready to let receptionist
dialog: connect the dots)
dialog: Well I know he's come here before.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Peter...Peter Kelson.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: You just call?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (sniffling)
dialog: I didn't know what else to do...
text: A long moment, Maya's anxiety increasing, then:
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (castors back to Maya)
dialog: You're in luck. Says Peter Kelson's
dialog: an... AB negative.
text: Maya has a moment of confusion as...
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (CONT'D)
dialog: Two negatives always make a positive.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (overjoyed, huge smile)
dialog: Oh, thank you, thank you so much!
scene_heading: INT. BEDFORD RECTORY - DAY
text: Maya enters a small reception area. Behind its counter sits
text: an elderly DEACON and a SECRETARY.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Yes, I have some questions regarding the
dialog: baptismal records for one of our new
dialog: constituents.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: And the person's name?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Peter Kelson.
scene_heading: EXT. SOHO STREET - LATE AFTERNOON
text: We see the normal activity of a Soho street. The camera
text: pulls back and into Peter's office where see Peter working at
text: his computer.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: It's a writer's domain. Books everywhere. Stacked and
text: shelved in an obvious order, by size and subject. There are
text: also several silver and leather-framed photos of Peter and
text: Claire with known literary celebrities. At the large granite
text: and birch desk, an exhausted Peter switches off his computer.
speaker_heading: PETER
speaker_heading: (hits INTERCOM)
dialog: Mrs. Quintana, let's go home.
text: His secretary, MRS. QUINTANA, appears in the doorway. She's
text: a strong-willed Latino in her forties.
scene_heading: MRS. QUINTANA
dialog: I plan to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You want a tip?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Lemme guess. The lottery.
scene_heading: MRS. QUINTANA
dialog: Sometimes I can just feel the numbers.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You know what they say. You have the
dialog: same chance of winning whether you play
dialog: or not.
scene_heading: MRS. QUINTANA
dialog: You watch. One day, I'll hit the
dialog: jackpot, get the big house, car,
dialog: clothes. I'll have more money than God.
text: She smiles and exits.
speaker_heading: MRS. QUINTANA (CONT'D)
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Y yo tendre mi propria secretaria.
text: SNAPPING off the lights in her office. And in the b.g., the
text: fragmentary sounds of a party going on somewhere down the
text: hall, in another office. A moment, then her outer office
text: door slams.
text: Peter goes back to work at his desk. Finishing up. Another
text: moment and he hears Mrs. Q's door PRESS BACK OPEN.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (not looking up)
dialog: What'd you forget?
text: No response. Peter looks up. He waits, then continues to
text: put his things away in preparation for leaving. After a
text: moment, he glances up to see MAYA standing in the doorway.
text: She's taken pains to look attractive. Her best clothes. She
text: looks great. A simple beauty.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (startled)
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Peter Kelson?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (observes everything about her)
dialog: Yes... and you are?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (slightly flirtatious,
dialog: gregarious)
dialog: I saw you on television yesterday. You
dialog: were brilliant.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Thank you. Do you work in the building?
dialog: You coming from the party?
text: Maya takes the chair opposite Peter's desk. He stands
text: waiting. A little put off by her forwardness.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You said that malignant narcissism was
dialog: not evil.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Not pure evil. That's correct.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: And also that...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Listen, I'm sorry, but I'm running late.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: That there is no such thing as evil with
dialog: a capital "E."
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Not the most popular opinion, but yes.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What if I told you I was a malignant
dialog: narcissist?
text: Intrigued, Peter stops what he's doing and sits down.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: A narcissist doesn't admit it. It's the
dialog: extreme of self-denial.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (ignoring Peter's comment)
dialog: And I also believe in God and the Devil.
dialog: In fact, I know they exist.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, by saying that, you're
dialog: acknowledging the existence of a higher
dialog: power. Which, to a narcissist, is
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I murdered my parents, Mr. Kelson. And
dialog: while they deserved it, I still went to
dialog: confession the following Sunday.
text: Peter leans back in his chair. Studies her carefully.
dialog: Doesn't really know what to say.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Ooooooh-kayyyyyy.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: In the end, the jury saw it my way.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, then it all seems to be working
dialog: out for you. Listen, Ms...?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Do you remember Henry Birdson? The math
dialog: professor who won the Salwen Medal, then
dialog: went home and killed his family?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: What's that got to do with you?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Last week the Catholic Church certified
dialog: him as genuinely possessed. You realize
dialog: how rarely they make that ruling?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: An exorcism was just held for Birdson.
dialog: It failed. Disastrously. Which means
dialog: there's still a demonic spirit present
text: in his body.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I was wondering, perhaps you'd like to
dialog: go meet Henry. He's pretty amazing.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'll bet.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: On television, you seemed so sure of
dialog: yourself. If you're really that
dialog: confident, you'd be willing to let
dialog: someone prove you wrong?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: The world would be so much simpler if it
dialog: were all just about good and evil.
dialog: Unfortunately I find it much more
text: slippery and elusive place.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (intrigued by Peter's mind)
dialog: Well, I think it's very simple. Here's
text: a tape of Birdson's exorcism.
text: (drops tape on Peter's desk)
dialog: I'll be at the Public Library. Tomorrow
dialog: at 2... if you want to meet him.
text: Maya rises and heads for the door. Seductive. A certain
text: power in her clarity.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: I believe that murder and murderers are
dialog: the most interesting proving ground for
dialog: these kinds of questions. Don't you?
text: Peter knows he agrees, but before he can respond, she's gone.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PETER'S APARTMENT BUILDING - EARLY EVENING
text: It's a small, elegant building in Chelsea. Scaffolding
text: covers exactly half of the exterior. Building's being
text: sandblasted. CONSTANT GRATING NOISE. Work area's flooded in
text: artificial spotlight.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Peter walks past the building's doorman, JOSEF. Eastern
text: European, mid-60's, formal and outwardly polite. Josef nods
text: a professional "good evening" to Peter who acknowledges Josef
text: as he continues toward the elevator.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (indicating noise)
dialog: Great sound. How the hell do you live
dialog: with that all day?
text: Josef laughs politely, he likes Peter. Peter presses the
text: elevator button and waits, sticking his free hand in a pocket
text: and as he pulls out Maya's tape, he remembers as...
text: The BELL to the elevator DINGS and the door SLIDES open.
text: Peter inspects the tape with some curiosity, then stuffs it
text: back into his pocket, momentarily lost in thought. Stepping
text: into the elevator, he suddenly PULLS in a breath, startled.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Levotsky, jeez you...
text: His comment is directed at an impossibly-elderly woman, MRS.
text: LEVOTSKY. She scowls as though this was the only expression
text: her parents could afford for her. She holds her cane with
text: her right hand, with her left she tries to balance her
text: antiquated laundry cart.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me help.
text: But when Peter reaches for the cart, she waves him off with a
text: deepening in her scowl that we don't want to see get any
text: deeper. The elevator door slides SHUT.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Peter puts the key in his door, apartment 5-A. Glancing down
text: the hall, he sees Mrs. Levotsky struggle toward her door. As
text: she feels his stare, she turns slowly around and to Peter.
scene_heading: MRS. LEVOTSKY
dialog: What're you look at?
text: Pissed off, Peter shoves the key into its lock and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: It's dark, except for refracted light from the building
text: opposite. Peter FLIPS on the interior lights and we can see
dialog: lots of money has been spent here; the interior's warm and
dialog: tasteful. It's eclectic, evolved. Works of art pepper the
text: surroundings. A small, luminous aquarium sits by the entry
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (drops food into aquarium)
dialog: Hi guys.
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Claire?
dialog: No answer.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Peter heads into the open kitchen. The flood lights on the
text: outside cast strange, distorted shadows of people moving.
text: Peter reaches down behind the refrigerator and fishes out a
text: pack of cigarettes. He turns on the vent over the stove and
text: lights up, blowing the smoke directly up into the vent,
text: tapping the ashes directly down the sink drain. Unseen by
text: Peter, a cigarette ash drops and lands on the stove.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Peter reappears a moment later, holding a bottle of beer.
text: Takes off his jacket, laying it on top of the sofa. He moves
text: over to the CD player where he flips on some contemporary
text: music. Then he takes a long swallow of beer and sits back
text: down into the sofa.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Better.
text: BUMP, BUMP, BUMP. Peter looks up at the wall, irritated.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Levotsky, we really need to have a
dialog: couple brews and talk one of these days.
text: Peter takes the remote to the CD, turns up the volume.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: The lights on the equalizer. They go from the middle range
text: of green and yellow up to the orange and occasionally red,
text: indicating the volume is pushing "complain."
text: In response, Mrs. Levotsky BANGS on the wall a little harder.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: A luminous fly-fishing lure, with a black thread body and
text: wings of transparent green and yellow fabric. It's locked in
text: a tiny vice, its barbed hook shining.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S LIVING ROOM
text: Peter, all concentration, is bent over a magnifying glass,
text: using two tiny precision hooks to wrap thread onto the lure.
text: He's at a table in the corner of the living room. A colorful
text: collection of finished lures are displayed on his work area,
text: below a watercolor of a man fly-fishing.
text: Peter gets frustrated as he repeatedly tries to hook a thread
text: and misses. In the b.g., a leather framed photo of Peter
text: with his parents at an exquisite lake. Peter pushes himself
text: back from the table. Takes a beat. Walks over and picks up
text: the tape Maya gave him.
text: He studies it for a second. Then he naps off the CD player,
text: puts the tape on the cassette deck and hits "play." There's
text: no sound. He turns the volume way up. There's a HUM, but
text: nothing else. Annoyed, Peter hits "forward," then "play."
text: Still nothing. He pushes the volume to the top.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: What'd you expect?
scene_heading: BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MRS. LEVOTSKY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: From this P.O.V., the HORRENDOUS ROAR of Birdson's EXORCISM
text: is heard. Mrs. Levotsky raises her cane in desperation...
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S LIVING ROOM
text: From this P.O.V., the tape continues to play soundlessly.
text: Peter hears rapid POUNDING from Mrs. Levotsky's apartment.
text: Faster, more frantic. The pictures on his wall SHAKE
dialog: violently.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh...come on, lady! Give me a break!
text: Mrs. Levotsky's POUNDING continues for some time. Finally
text: ending in a booming THUD. Peter looks up at the wall, waits,
text: then smiles.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Little cough syrup will do ya, eh,
dialog: granny?
text: Peter bends down to snap off the tape, failing to notice that
text: the lights on the equalizer are PUSHING HIGH into the red on
text: all channels. He turns off the tape and puts on a Sonny
text: Rollins CD. The music begins at an EAR-PIERCING volume.
text: Peter scrambles to turn it down, then flops back onto the
dialog: sofa.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: The door CLICKS, then opens. Claire moves in carrying bags
text: of take-out. She sees Peter dozing on the couch.
text: Claire kneels beside him, gives him a kiss and Peter leaps
text: out of his sleep with a start.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Shi... Sorry, honey. I was having the
dialog: weirdest dream.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Bad?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (doesn't want to go over it)
dialog: Weird. The book again. Sex spelled
dialog: backwards...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I must really be slacking off. Hungry?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Uh...sure...I...what?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Sushi.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Claire is clearing her plate as Peter picks at the remains of
text: a sushi dinner. Claire notices the cigarette ash Peter
text: dropped earlier, picking it up and smearing the ash between
text: her fingers. She shoots a glance at Peter, but does not
dialog: comment on her discovery.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I can't believe it's already starting to
dialog: get dark so early.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hmmm.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You know, there was a guy on the radio
dialog: today trying to explain why we're losing
text: daylight. Quarks and dark matter,
dialog: things like that. Even how daylight
dialog: savings has caught up with us over the
dialog: last hundred years and our universal
dialog: watch is just fast, you know?
text: Claire looks up, seeing Peter is lost in thought.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: Peter, where are you?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Sorry. It's just...a strange woman
text: waltzes into my office today. Tells me
dialog: she murdered her parents and can prove
dialog: Satan exists.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: Did she waltz in or fly on little bat
dialog: wings?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (unacknowledged)
dialog: Says she can get me in to see this
dialog: killer.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Now that you're on TV, you're a magnet
dialog: for all the wackos out there.
text: Claire sees Peter's thinking about it.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, Peter, you're going to pursue this.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (sees her concern)
dialog: No. Of course not.
dialog: (checking out the food)
dialog: Mmmm. Anago. My favorite.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: George Viznick's lawyer is seated at the table. He's
text: impatient. A door opens. A manacled Viznick is brought in
text: by two GUARDS. His orange prison jumpsuit is badly ripped in
text: back. A few bruises are visible on his torso. Viznick
text: stands impassively as his restraints are unlocked.
scene_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY
dialog: George, come in.
dialog: (sees his client)
dialog: What the hell happened to you?
speaker_heading: VIZNICK
dialog: It's nothing.
scene_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY
dialog: Sure it is. If the guards did this, we
dialog: can file charges.
speaker_heading: VIZNICK
dialog: Not the guards.
dialog: (smiles)
text: Some of the prisoners are easily
dialog: disturbed.
scene_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY
dialog: You have to tell me who did it.
text: Viznick leans closer to the lawyer.
speaker_heading: VIZNICK
dialog: I can take care of myself.
scene_heading: DEFENSE ATTORNEY
dialog: I'm gonna go make a stink. Sit tight.
dialog: I'll make sure you get a change of
dialog: clothes.
text: The attorney exits.
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING ROOM - DAY
text: Peter and Smythe enter a small room with a few chairs. It's
text: dominated by an oversized, one-way window that allows them to
text: look onto the adjacent interrogation room. A speaker system
text: lets them hear what's going on, but they can't be heard. A
text: GUARD enters with a replacement outfit. Viznick stands
text: passively as his restraints are unlocked.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: From this side, the window is a mirror. In its reflection,
text: Viznick is seen peeling off his clothes.
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Seems George isn't making too many
text: friends in lockup.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Yeah, look at that sweet face. You'd
dialog: never guess he killed nine people. I'm
dialog: gonna get my smokes. Be right back.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You're too old to smoke. Won't be able
dialog: to shoot hoops with your grandkid.
text: Smythe gives Peter a dirty look, ignoring the advice, as he
text: exits. Peter looks back down at his notes.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1 (O.S.)
dialog: What the fuck's that?!
text: Peter looks up and sees the shocked Guard staring at
text: Viznick's bare back. It's covered by an enormous tattoo
text: depicting Christ hanging upside down from the bottom of a
text: cross, pinned there by a nail through his feet. His dangling
text: arms end in stumps. His severed hands are still nailed to
text: the crossbar. The effect is horrific yet mesmerizing. As
text: Peter watches, Viznick puts on a shirt, covering the tattoo,
text: and then sits with his back to Peter. The cops and guard
text: exit. Peter moves closer to the glass.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (contemptuous)
dialog: You don't fool me, Georgie.
text: Viznick's head tilts. Ever so slowly, he turns around until
text: his eyes meet Peter's. He smiles.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: Viznick's looking at the mirror. His reflection looks back.
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING ROOM
text: Peter's thrown. Is he seeing what he thinks he's seeing?
text: Spooked, he moves three feet to his right. Viznick's stare
text: follows him without hesitation. Perplexed, Peter moves again
text: and again, the killer continuing to track him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What the hell?
text: Peter looks up as Smythe re-enters the viewing room. Sees
text: Peter's fear.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: What's the matter with you?
speaker_heading: PETER
text: He's looking right at me.
text: Both men turn to face Viznick, who is now gazing placidly a
text: few inches to the left.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: He could see me.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: (offers Peter a cigarette)
dialog: I'll quit, maybe you should start.
text: A docile Viznick pivots in his chair and yawns.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Maybe...my imagination.
text: Peter gives Smythe a short smile.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: Peter crosses the street from the police station. He steps
text: out between two parked cars and immediately into the path of
text: a speeding van. Suddenly, a hand reaches out, jerking him
text: back. The van ZOOMS by, missing Peter by inches. He looks
text: at his savior, it's a CRANKY middle-aged woman.
speaker_heading: CRANKY WOMAN
dialog: (acerbic expression)
dialog: Wake up!
text: Peter stares at her as she walks by. She turns, sticks out
text: her tongue at him.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - LATER
text: Peter ascends. The button for the fifth floor is
text: illuminated. The elevator chimes. He looks up and sees the
text: elevator stopping on the fourth floor. He steps back to make
text: room. It's Claire.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hey, what are you doing here in the
dialog: middle of the day?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Forgot my car keys. What are you doing
dialog: on the fourth floor?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I spaced out.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, it's a nice surprise. Should I
dialog: hit the "stop" button?
text: He leans in and gives her a sexy kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY
text: Maya's waiting. A group of Japanese TOURISTS including
text: several women in kimonos, a group of Catholic school GIRLS in
text: uniform and a mounted POLICEMAN are part of the street scene.
text: Maya stamps out her cigarette as Peter pulls up.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER - DAY
text: As they take off, Peter motions to his cupholder, where two
text: coffees sit securely.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (picks up coffee)
dialog: Thanks. I'm glad you came. Take the
dialog: Williamsburg Bridge.
text: As Maya glances over at Peter, she's slightly fascinated.
text: Peter remains reserved, but polite.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: So...what did you think of the tape.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I think you gave me the wrong one.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (slightly irritated)
dialog: It was blank. Nothing on it. You gave
dialog: me the wrong one.
text: Maya takes a sip of coffee to conceal her shock.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You're sure? There was nothing?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I cranked it all the way up. Nothing
dialog: but hum.
text: Maya's unnerved. Peter sees it.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: So what'd I miss?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (covering well)
dialog: You're right. I must've made a mistake.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT
text: Maya and Peter are walking towards the entrance. She's
text: touching the cuffs of her sleeves.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR
text: Peter and Maya turn the corner and approach the door to
text: Birdson's room. An ORDERLY is walking with them.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Shouldn't we wait for the doctor?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I'm sure she won't mind.
dialog: (re: the door)
dialog: It's not locked?
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Not necessary...anymore.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BIRDSON'S ROOM - DAY
text: Maya and Peter enter the room. Followed by the orderly. A
text: motionless Birdson lies on his bed. Eyes closed.
text: His body curled backwards at a horribly severe angle and his
text: arms are wrapped tightly around his torso. He's a gruesome
text: sight. An IV TUBE is taped to his wrist and an EEG is
text: attached to his head. The brain wave monitor indicates no
dialog: activity.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Jesus.
text: A beaming Dr. Allen walks in. She's a little starstruck.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: Mr. Kelson, what a pleasure to meet you.
dialog: I have to say your instincts about the
dialog: criminally insane are impeccable. I am
dialog: a fan.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Quite a compliment coming from you,
dialog: doctor.
text: Dr. Allen realizes Maya's beside him.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: When your secretary called, she made no
text: mention of her coming, too.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (glancing at Maya)
dialog: My secretary?
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: You're aware that this woman was party
dialog: to the so-called exorcism.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No, I wasn't, actually.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: You should know I never felt Mr. Birdson
dialog: needed anything but professional
dialog: psychiatric care. And then, minutes
text: after they left, he suffered a stroke.
text: He's comatose. No brain wave activity
dialog: at all.
text: Dr. Allen adjusts Birdson's IV unit, re-taping an already
text: swollen hand.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So you don't believe his condition is
dialog: the result of anything supernatural?
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: Of course not. They put him through
dialog: severe mental stress. Causing this
text: aneurysm.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Dr. Allen, could you please tell Mr.
dialog: Kelson what you heard as you tried to
dialog: enter Mr. Birdson's room?
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: (ignoring Maya)
dialog: I certainly hope you're not lending any
dialog: credence to this.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (aggressive)
dialog: What did you hear?
text: Peter looks at Dr. Allen questioningly.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
text: The patient was in great distress.
dialog: Naturally he was...yelling.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: And was he in distress when you opened
dialog: the door? Or was he sitting here,
dialog: relaxed, at this table?
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: There is a medical explanation for
dialog: everything that happened.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (boring in)
dialog: You heard voices, you know you did.
text: There's a silence in the room. Dr. Allen stares at Maya.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: It sounded like a hundred people to me.
text: Maya, Peter and Dr. Allen turn and look at the orderly.
text: Peter's shocked by the orderly's admission. Glances back at
dialog: Dr. Allen.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: I've already said, Mr. Birdson was
dialog: agitated. Victor, why don't you go and
dialog: check on the patient in room 5.
text: Her tone is frighteningly friendly. The orderly leaves.
text: Peter looks at Maya, then Dr. Allen.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (curious)
dialog: Just describe it to me, the scene, when
dialog: you came back.
text: As Peter speaks, Maya has an uncomfortable feeling. She
text: turns and sees Birdson STARING AT HER. Eyes wide open.
text: Above him, the monitor's still showing no brain wave
text: activity. He grins at her.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Oh my God!
text: Peter and Dr. Allen turn quickly - as Birdson snaps his eyes
text: back shut.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
text: He just woke up. He's awake.
text: What they see is a motionless man in exactly the same
text: position as before. The monitor's still showing nothing but
text: steady, horizontal waves.
text: Dr. Allen shakes her head at Maya's outburst. Dismissive of
text: her altogether and then to Peter.
speaker_heading: DR. ALLEN
dialog: I'm surprised at you, Mr. Kelson. And
dialog: now I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask
dialog: the two of you to leave.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
text: Peter drives out the hospital gates. Maya's with him. The
text: radio is on. Peter's angry.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Where do you get off pretending to be my
dialog: secretary?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I had to.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And this is evil? The guy had an
text: aneurysm and now he's in a coma.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: That's their explanation. You might not
dialog: believe me...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, why should I?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Alright, what's your name, where do you
dialog: live, when did you kill your parents?
text: Maya doesn't answer. Peter stops at a red light. A pick up
text: truck full of teenagers with a young girl at the wheel, RADIO
text: BLASTING SOUL MUSIC, pulls up next to them. Maya uses the
text: moment to get out and walk quickly away. Peter watches her
text: go for a moment, then stares at her paper coffee cup, picks
text: up his cell and dials a number.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Detective Smythe?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey, Mike, it's Peter. Could you pull
dialog: some prints off something for me?
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Peter rides the elevator in his building. It stops and he
text: gets off.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Peter enters the living room.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (O.S.)
dialog: In here.
text: Peter moves into the bathroom. Claire's sitting in front of
text: a mirror. Her hair's up in a smooth twist, and all she's got
text: on is a bathrobe. We note a photograph of Peter's mother
text: sporting a similar hair style on the dresser.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: So, guess which stylist just got this
dialog: month's "Elle" cover?
text: Peter runs a hand through his hair.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (half-heartedly)
dialog: You're amazing.
text: Claire smiles, in her own world.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hurry up, you don't want to be late.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PLUSH HOTEL - NIGHT
text: A glittering Italianate chandelier. As we look down we SEE:
text: Men in black tie and women in high fashion chic form a mosaic
text: of money and power beneath the chandelier's blazing lights.
text: A lavish publisher's party is underway in the hotel's
text: ballroom. In one corner, a CROWD hovers around Peter and
text: Claire, the quintessential perfect couple.
text: She's in a dramatic skintight dress. He looks great in the
text: latest tux. Adrenaline BUZZ of admiration has soothed Peter,
text: but he's still distracted. Claire, however, is her outgoing
text: self. William in a rented tux and Susan, in a modest gown,
text: hang on the edge of the golden crowd. A JADED YOUNG MAN is
text: leading the conversation.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Did you hear how the TIMES zinged Paul
dialog: Guenette's new book? They said "He
dialog: writes for the ages - between five and
dialog: twelve."
text: Everyone enjoys that remark. A gorgeous woman named LAUREN
text: moves closer to Peter, flirting.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I saw you on the news. But I think
dialog: you're even better live.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: He is. By the way, Lauren, did you ever
dialog: finish your book on tattoo art? I hear
dialog: your publisher wants his advance back.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (cold)
dialog: That's not true.
speaker_heading: SECOND YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: I think Rhonda Huston's assistant was
dialog: just made an editor at S&S.
scene_heading: SECOND YOUNG MAN
dialog: The guy with the weird fingernails?
text: Imagine looking over galleys with him.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: So, Peter, how crowded is the field now?
dialog: There are, what, seven books in the
dialog: offing about the Viznick case?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah, but no one has the access I've
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Is it true the cops used a psychic?
speaker_heading: SECOND YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: I saw a psychic once. Some of these
dialog: guys are definitely for real.
scene_heading: SECOND YOUNG MAN
dialog: Oh, really? I dropped $250 on a session
dialog: once and they guy didn't get a thing
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: And you, Peter? Where do you stand?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Wherever there's room.
text: Peter feels a tap on his shoulder. A WAITER serving hors
text: d'oeuvres is standing there.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: None for me, thanks.
text: The waiter wipes the frame and as he does, John Townsend is
text: revealed, beads of sweat glistening on his brow and a gun in
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: TOWNSEND
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: God will forgive me, the time of
text: transformation is so near.
text: He points it at Peter's face. Peter is in shock. Everything
text: around him seems to blur, except the gun floating a few feet
text: away. But Townsend hesitates, obviously conflicted.
text: And suddenly, the woman to Peter's left SCREAMS. The
text: waiter's tray goes flying. With astonishing speed, William
text: flings himself onto Townsend. They both go down. A SHOT
text: RINGS OUT. Pandemonium. Screams & shouting. Peter sees
text: that William has Townsend in a brutal headlock. Townsend
text: looks panicked, helpless. Peter is pulled back, as the two
text: men disappear beneath a swarm of other bodies.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: The enormous room is empty. All the guests are gone. The
text: uneaten food and overturned chairs testimony to their hasty
text: departure. Peter, Claire, Susan and William are sitting in a
text: semi-circle. Smythe walks over.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Thanks for handling this.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Sure thing. Look, I've got enough,
dialog: between your preliminary statements and
dialog: all the witness accounts. You can go
dialog: home.
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: Gimme til morning. Find out who he is.
dialog: Until then, don't sweat it, huh? Just
dialog: your random bad cheese trying to hole
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Well said.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Colloquialisms 101. My only "A" in the
dialog: Academy.
text: Peter stands and pats Smythe on the back.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Thanks again for everything.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Hey, don't thank me. Somebody up there
dialog: likes you.
text: Peter looks at William, then hugs him in a powerful embrace.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (moved)
dialog: Will, this is...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: It's okay.
text: They smile, exhausted.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Can we please leave now?
scene_heading: EXT. LOBBY - PETER'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Peter and Claire exit a limo. The scaffolding is still in
text: place but the workers are gone. Josef pushes open the door
dialog: for Peter and Claire.
speaker_heading: JOSEF
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Kelson. Miss Claire.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY
text: Peter and Claire enter the lobby.
speaker_heading: JOSEF
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: I want to tell you...your neighbor, Mrs.
dialog: Levotsky, she's dead.
text: Peter and Claire are both caught off guard.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What? That's horrible!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JOSEF
dialog: (enjoyably ghoulish)
dialog: Apparently she killed herself sometime
dialog: last night.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: The paramedics told me she hung herself.
text: Climbed up on her dresser, stocking
text: around her neck, but I don't know. She
dialog: was completely rheumatoid...
text: (realizes he's speaking with
dialog: too much relish)
dialog: It's a shame. Anyway, though you should
dialog: know.
text: Peter's stunned and now completely unnerved.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah, I appreciate it. Thanks, Josef.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: When did they find her?
speaker_heading: JOSEF
dialog: A few hours ago.
text: Claire's blown away by the night's events.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Peter has slowed to look at the yellow police cordon, as
text: Claire moves on into their apartment.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S KITCHEN
text: A bit later, Peter and Claire, both still shaken, sit across
text: from a relieved Father James, drinking coffee.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: It's moments like this that make it
dialog: clear. All that matters is those we
dialog: love are with us.
text: Peter's touched. He pats James on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: I'm still shaking.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I can't believe Will killed him.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Thank God he did.
text: Claire stands, exhausted. She bends down, kissing Peter on
text: the cheek, only because James is there, and then she gives
text: Peter a sweet hug.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: (deeply felt)
dialog: I don't know what I'd do without you.
text: Peter hugs her tightly. An emotional moment.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to bed. Don't be long.
text: Claire exits. James looks at Peter, sees the night's events
dialog: have taken their toll.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Something he said, just before...
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: He spoke to you?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah. It didn't make any sense.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Listen to me, Peter. You can't let the
dialog: ravings of a madman disturb you, okay?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You're right, but it's funny. All my
dialog: life I thought I was simply a man who
dialog: didn't believe in any of it.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: No matter, my son, he believes in you.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: But it's true. I have no faith. It's
dialog: strange. When that gun was pointed at
dialog: my face tonight, I was surprised, but
dialog: never frightened. It was as if I knew
dialog: nothing could possibly happen to me
dialog: and...in that one moment I didn't care
dialog: about anything. Not eve my own life.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Peter. Your life must matter to you
dialog: because it matters to all of us who love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You know, I respect that you have such
dialog: faith, James. I don't understand it,
dialog: but I want you to know that despite our
dialog: differences, I admire you and I always
dialog: will.
text: Father James stands and claps his hand on Peter's shoulders.
speaker_heading: FATHER JEREMY
dialog: I appreciate your saying that. I'm
dialog: gonna go now. I believe you're wanted
dialog: elsewhere.
scene_heading: INT. MAYA'S ROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Maya is making coffee in a drip pot on a hot plate. There is
text: a soft knock on the door.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Come in.
text: Father Jeremy enters and shuts the door behind him.
speaker_heading: FATHER JEREMY
text: His faith wavered. He tried to shoot
dialog: Kelson last night. I don't know all the
dialog: details.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Was anyone else hurt?
speaker_heading: FATHER JEREMY
dialog: I don't know. I don't think so.
text: A curious conflict of emotions passes across Maya's face -
text: sadness coupled with relief. She sits heavily on the bed.
speaker_heading: FATHER JEREMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Be careful, Maya.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - MORNING
text: The hustle and bustle of a typical weekday morning. As Peter
text: crosses the street, nearing his office, suddenly a MESSENGER
text: on a bicycle skids and falls. The Messenger's on the ground,
text: crashed, his mail everywhere. Immediately Peter moves to
text: help him up, grabbing an arm, trying to collect the spilled
text: envelopes. All the morning PEDESTRIANS step over or around
text: the mess, in typical New York fashion. The embarrassed
dialog: Messenger thanks Peter, AD-LIB, and we...
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S OFFICE
text: Peter's typing at his computer. He is surrounded by
text: newspaper clippings, interview transcripts and other research
text: relevant to the Viznick trial. His printer JAMS. As he
text: moves to fix it, the intercom blinks.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: MRS. QUINTANA
dialog: It's Detective Smythe.
text: Peter picks up.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: SMYTHE (O.S.)
dialog: How're you doin' today?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (tough)
dialog: It's another day. I think I'm alright.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE (O.S.)
dialog: You got the right attitude, anyway,
dialog: look, we gotta talk.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Smythe exits the building just as Peter approaches.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: I'm fed up inside, let's walk.
text: Peter and Smythe take a walk down the street. Smythe stops a
text: moment at an outdoor vendor. Buys a hotdog.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE (CONT'D)
dialog: We traced this guy to a seminary in
dialog: Newark. If you can believe it, he was a
dialog: deacon.
text: (shifting a file under his arm)
dialog: Talked to the man in charge there, a
dialog: Father Frank Page. He said the gunman,
dialog: John Townsend, was caught up in some
dialog: nonsense about the Devil, along with a
dialog: priest named Lareaux and a woman named
dialog: Maya Larkin - the same woman whose
dialog: prints were on that coffee cup. Now can
dialog: I please get the fill?
text: Smythe licks a mouthful of mustard just ready to drip, then
text: takes a huge bite off his dog.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: She came to me with a wild story about
dialog: demonic possession.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: (hands Peter Maya's file)
dialog: She's got a juvenile record from New
dialog: Orleans. Parents died when she was 13.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Parents died?
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Yeah, murder-suicide.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Mother killed the father, then killed
dialog: herself. Crime of passion.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: She told me she killed them.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Not what the records show. Anyway, she
text: was a runaway, arrests for vandalism,
dialog: petty theft, drugs, the whole bit.
dialog: Parole records show she graduated from
dialog: community college, moved into a retreat
dialog: house, teaches some classes at the
dialog: seminary school, hasn't been in any
dialog: trouble since.
text: Smythe finishes his hot dog and chucks the wrapper into a
text: nearby can.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE (CONT'D)
dialog: We hauled her in earlier but didn't have
dialog: anything hard to tie her to Townsend.
dialog: Far as the priest goes, he won't be
dialog: bothering you. Suffered a complete
dialog: mental breakdown, during - get this -
text: during an exorcism.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Where is she now?
speaker_heading: SMYTHE
dialog: Had to let her go.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I see you thinkin' there, superstar.
dialog: Don't.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGE ROVER - DAY
text: Peter drives into the Lincoln Tunnel. Two men stand outside
text: the entrance, arguing. As Peter passes, they begin fighting.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE (V.O.)
dialog: I'm sure I don't have to remind you
dialog: she's still a possible accessory to
dialog: attempted murder...
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Maya stands before a roomful of children. She holds an over
text: sized picture of a hat.
speaker_heading: THE CLASS
dialog: Le Chapeau.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Tres bien.
speaker_heading: SMYTHE (V.O.)
dialog: ...and the obvious, you could get
dialog: another gun in your face.
text: Next is a picture of a dog.
speaker_heading: THE CLASS
dialog: Le Chien.
speaker_heading: PETER (V.O.)
dialog: Don't worry, I won't go anywhere near
dialog: her.
text: The door to the hall is abruptly flung open. Peter strides
text: in. Maya sees his anger.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (harsh)
dialog: We need to talk.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Peter, please...
text: Peter's overt belligerence scares the children.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Now!
text: He motions towards the door. Maya turns to the class.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Children, I'll be right back. Just stay
dialog: in...
text: Peter grabs her and escorts her to the door.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: (unconvincing smile)
dialog: ...your seats. Be right back. Don't
dialog: worry.
text: And as she's pulled into the hall, we SEE:
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Maya, still holding the brightly colored vocabulary pictures,
text: stands with Peter in the hallway. Opposite her in the hall,
text: is a window, and to the left, an old radiator with chipped
text: enamel paint. Next to the wall is a plain wooden bench.
text: Maya stands with her back to her classroom door. She
text: continually checks on her kids through a window in the door.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (really pissed off)
dialog: Last night a guy named John Townsend
dialog: tried to shoot me and now I find out you
dialog: knew him. What the fuck is going on?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Please, the children.
text: Peter moves in close, crowding her against the wall.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (lowering his voice)
dialog: Why did he try to kill me?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (looking at classroom)
dialog: Townsend believed, just as God became
dialog: man in Christ.
dialog: (Maya turns back to Peter)
dialog: So Satan will assume human form. I
dialog: believe it too.
text: Peter grabs the pictures out of her hand and pitches them
text: into the hall.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And the point is?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: At the exorcism, Birdson boasted that
text: Satan is about to take over the body of
text: a man.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: You are that man, Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?!?!
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: It's true. Birdson knew your name, he
text: was writing it in numerical code. It
dialog: wasn't easy but I figured it out. It
dialog: spelled your name.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Why didn't Birdson just say so?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: If you're possessed, you can't reveal
dialog: anything Satan wants hidden. Unless you
dialog: trick him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (now completely unimpressed)
dialog: Trick him.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: The good outwitting the bad. It's like
dialog: Birdson had a split personality.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (he's had it; laughs)
dialog: You should think about getting
dialog: professional help.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You're already contaminated. It's why
dialog: you couldn't hear the tape. There's
dialog: probably a pentacle near your bed. To
dialog: sanctify you.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm not going to be drawn into this.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I know this sounds crazy. I understand.
dialog: Check your parents' blood types. Are
dialog: you sure your parents are your birth
dialog: parents?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: My parents are dead. Don't even think
dialog: of bringing them into this.
text: The school bell rings. Within seconds, the hallway is
text: flooded with kids and teachers.
text: A smiling Father Frank stops out of a classroom. As he sees
text: Maya and Peter down the hall, his face darkens. He starts
text: towards them.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (moving to Peter; whisper)
dialog: You're about to become the anti-Christ
text: who is born unholy and becomes the door
dialog: to eternal suffering in this world.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (pissed off at himself now)
dialog: If you or any of your lunatic friends
dialog: ever come near me again...
text: Peter notices Father Frank moving up on Maya and takes off.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - OUTSIDE SEMINARY - DAY
text: An angry Peter walks to his Range Rover. The wind is up and
text: it has started to rain. Peter's under-dressed, hunching his
text: shoulders against the elements. He's parked a distance from
text: the Seminary. As he begins a slow jog to his car, the rain
text: begins to come down a bit harder. Suddenly, Peter slips on
text: the wet pavement and falls, scraping his hand. A moment,
text: while he gets his bearings and then he picks himself up, the
text: rain now shooting down the side of his face.
scene_heading: INT. MAYA'S ROOM IN THE SEMINARY - CONTINUOUS
text: An anxious Maya sits at her desk. Suddenly, there's a hard
text: knock on the door and Father Frank enters. Maya looks up,
text: unprepared.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: I've had it. Townsend's dead. The
dialog: police are calling and now I see you
text: having a scene in front of the children.
dialog: I'm sorry, Maya, you've been with us for
dialog: many years, but effective immediately,
dialog: I'm rescinding your right to live at the
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Father, I have nowhere else to stay.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: You have a sister in New Orleans.
text: Maya looks up at him, but Father Frank's out the door.
scene_heading: INT. FATHER LAREAUX'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Father Lareaux sleeps quietly, quasi fetal. Maya moves to
text: the room soundlessly. A renewed sadness stabs her at the
text: sight of Lareaux. She studies him a moment, then cups his
text: face in her hands. Slight disturbance in Lareaux's body,
text: like a child's startle reaction. Maya lets go and leaves as
text: quietly as she came.
scene_heading: INT. ITALIAN RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Upscale. Claire and Peter at lunch. Peter is clearly
text: agitated. His clothes are still wet and pretty wrinkled.
text: Claire looks at him with tenderness.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm gonna have to get a restraining
dialog: order. What a nightmare.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I don't know. In a way, I'm glad it all
dialog: happened.
text: Peter looks at her skeptically, a little pissed off.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You're glad somebody tried to kill me?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (nervous about confronting him)
dialog: No, of course not, but I think now that
dialog: this has happened, a lot of things can
dialog: start to come out...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (still pissed)
dialog: Yeah, like...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (coming on a little stronger)
dialog: Like you need to admit that losing your
dialog: parents when you were twelve was
dialog: traumatic.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (unafraid)
dialog: It's with me all the time, Claire, I
dialog: just don't like to talk about it.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Well, it shattered your faith in
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (trying to lighten it)
dialog: I'm just temporarily off my game.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (boring in)
dialog: You need to believe in something besides
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I believe in you.
text: A moment where Claire hesitates, then she decides to let
dialog: herself be flattered.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (leaning in, close to Peter)
dialog: I love you. You look a mess.
dialog: Why don't you go home and clean up
dialog: before you go back to work.
text: Claire kisses Peter, brief but deep, as she gulps in a short
text: gust of air.
text: Outside the rain has stopped as Claire gets up, taking off
dialog: for work without him.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - OUTSIDE SEMINARY - DAY
text: Maya is sitting on an iron bench outside the playground. A
text: shoulder bag with some of her belongings lays beside her.
text: She stands, picks up her sack and walks across the street to
text: a small diner.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - DAY
text: It's warm, crowded and NOISY. WAITRESSES banter with
text: longtime customers about the ups and downs of everyday life.
text: Maya enters in a state of complete distress. She sits at the
text: counter next to a MOTHER and her LITTLE GIRL. Their drinks
text: and sandwiches are spread out everywhere. The little girl
text: cusp her hand around a tall glass of milk. She wears black
text: patent shoes, a red jacket, hood attached. Maya bows her
text: head and covers her eyes. She's losing it...
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: I can't do this anymore.
text: The little girl, about 4 years old, tugs on Maya's sleeve.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: You have to put your napkin in your lap.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Gina!
text: Maya looks at the solemn little girl.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (to her mother)
dialog: It's okay.
text: (she puts her napkin in her
dialog: lap)
dialog: Better?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'm sorry, she's very into rules.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Doesn't your daughter put her napkin in
dialog: her lap?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I don't have a daughter. I'm not
dialog: married.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Aren't you lonely?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Okay, Gina, that's enough.
text: Maya sees the little girl wants an answer. Moved, she bends
text: close and whispers in her ear.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I have someone who takes care of me.
text: She pulls back. The little girl looks up at Maya
text: reprovingly.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: (cruelly)
text: But he's dead. Jesus is dead.
text: And then she smiles at Maya, a wicked smile. Maya looks at
text: the little girl, and then at her mother. The mother's eyes
text: are sparkling with malice. The room begins to warp and
text: distort. And we hear a choked back breath.
text: Horrified, Maya quickly turns in her chair and faces away
text: from the vision, praying silently with eyes closed. After a
text: moment, she opens her eyes. The room looks normal again. In
text: the reflection of the mirror across the counter she sees that
text: the two seats next to her are empty, the utensils untouched.
text: Sighing with relief, she turns back. But the little girl and
text: her mother are still there. The mother's face suddenly looks
text: elongated, her eyes move too close together and her nose
text: disappears. A frightening distortion, but momentary. And
text: the little girl's smile widens with spite.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're so weak.
text: With a loud, frightened cry, Maya sweeps her arms out,
text: knocking all the nearby glasses, utensils and dishes to the
text: floor with a tremendous crash. Milk bleeds over the counter.
text: All eyes turn to her. Distraught, Maya sees the little girl
text: and the mother are gone. She grabs her bag and runs out the
dialog: diner.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: It's quiet, shadowy. The aquarium has begun a slow leak and
text: a small puddle of water has pooled beneath it. Peter enters.
text: He notices the water on the floor. He goes into the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: The ledge of the building across the way can be seen from
text: Peter's window. A WOMAN is moving near the ledge, setting
text: out a grouping of potted geraniums. From downstairs, a shaft
text: of light is visible.
text: Peter changes his clothes Then, he feels the scrape on his
text: hand. Looks at it. As he moves to the bathroom. Washes his
text: hand and as he does so, he checks his reflection in the
text: mirror. Stares at himself a moment, then sticks out his
text: tongue. Checks it. And then dries his hand, moving back to
text: the bedroom, carrying his towel with him. Peter glances at
text: his bed a moment. Half-amused, he leans over and checks
text: behind the picture hanging above the headboard.
dialog: Nothing.
text: Then, he bends down, checking under the bed. Again, nothing.
text: Then, he moves to a bedroom closet, pulling down a black and
text: gray speckled file box.
text: Inside, a series of newspaper clippings, graphic photos.
text: Yellowed with age, on of which falls on the bed, titled,
text: "Unsolved Brutal Murders." Peter riffles past the clippings
text: to the coroner's report.
text: He speed reads it, until he gets to his parents' blood types:
dialog: "Andrea Kelson - A negative." Jack Kelson - O positive."
text: Peter stares at the information. Confused by what it's
text: supposed to mean. Then, he pulls on a turtleneck sweater,
text: ready to go back out.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: This is ridiculous.
text: Peter exits the bedroom and steps back towards the living
text: room, carrying the towel.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S LIVING ROOM
text: Peter passes through to his front door throwing his towel on
text: the puddle of water.
scene_heading: INT. SECRETARY'S ANTE ROOM - PETER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Peter walks in, eyeballing Mrs. Quintana's desk.
scene_heading: MRS. QUINTANA
dialog: Good of you to stop by.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (breezy)
dialog: We millionaires yet?
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Peter enters to find Michael. Peter sizes up the man who's
text: casually studying Peter's personal desk photos.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Umm, Melvin Szabo, this is Peter Kelson.
dialog: Peter, this is the psychic.
text: The stranger looks up. He's young and cocky, with thick
text: glasses. He's holding a picture of Peter with his parents.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Melvin)
dialog: I'd appreciate it if you'd put that
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: You are the younger of two...
text: He puts down that photo and picks up one of Claire, as Peter
text: walks over to his chair and a position of more control.
speaker_heading: MELVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (indicating Claire)
dialog: You're afraid of committing to this
dialog: girl.
text: Peter grabs one of his pens and begins rolling it between his
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: MELVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: But she worships you. Your mother's
dialog: dead but your father's alive.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Nothing you couldn't find out from
dialog: reading the papers. And you're already
dialog: wrong on one count.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Viznick will get off and Michael's got a
dialog: crush on you.
text: Michael looks alarmed. Peter notices his pen is leaking all
text: over his hand.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You know what? You can go.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Suit yourself. But does this mean
dialog: anything to you?
text: Melvin picks up a pen and writes "X-E-S" in florid script on
text: a pad. He holds it out for Peter's inspection. Peter is
dialog: rattled.
speaker_heading: MELVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You do know, don't you. That these are
dialog: also numbers. Greek numbers, 600, 60
text: and 6 - or 666. The sign of the Devil.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Get out of here.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Goodbye.
text: He sticks out his hand and grabs Peter's. His expression
text: changes from one of amused disdain to fascinated curiosity.
speaker_heading: MELVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a minute...
text: His arrogance melts away. Melvin's face tightens. A shudder
text: of fear passes through him.
speaker_heading: MELVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (strangled gasp)
dialog: God will forgive me...the time of
text: transformation is so near.
text: But the voice is that of John Townsend.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (really shaken)
dialog: Get the fuck out of here!
scene_heading: INT. NYC STREET - DAY
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE ON:
text: Peter stands in the middle of the sidewalk as the wind
text: violently whips at his jacket. He gazes upward to the mute,
text: gray sky. Finally he lowers his eyes. He sees something
text: that angers him.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHOLIC CHURCH - DAY
text: A sprawling Catholic church stands before him. Peter regards
text: it with wrath. He pushes open the door and tries to enter,
text: but a group of LITHUANIAN parishioners pushes past him,
text: blocking his way. A priest calls a farewell.
speaker_heading: LITHUANIAN PRIEST (O.S.)
dialog: (in Lithuanian)
dialog: See you all next week!
text: The entry finally clear, Peter goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: It's dark, forbidding. The priest exits around a corner.
text: Peter looks at the vast and spacious altar. Above it is an
text: enormous wooden crucifix. Peter moves down the aisle toward
text: the altar.
speaker_heading: ECU
text: The sorrowful face of the Christ figure looks down on Peter
text: with pity. The body hangs, gaunt, wracked with pain. The
text: wrists pierced by nails, the feet cruelly hammered together.
text: Peter stops at the first pew. He looks up at the crucifix.
dialog: Defiant.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Go ahead, do something. Show me.
text: He waits. For a split-second, there's a pristine silence.
text: Then the sound of the wind rises in the church. With that,
text: the right wrist SHATTERS with a noise like a rifle shot.
text: Freed from one of its supports, the heavy wooden Christ SLAMS
text: FORWARD at an awkward angle. The other wrist SNAPS IN TWO.
text: For a second, the Christ figure trembles. Then, with a
text: sickening sound, the entire wooden body falls forward, swings
text: sideways and PLUMMETS down. Peter doesn't want to look. The
text: figure is now hanging upside down, held only by the brace at
text: its feet. Above it, each hand remains pinned to the cross.
text: It's an EXACT COPY of Viznick's tattoo.
scene_heading: INT. BIRDSON'S ROOM - DAY
text: Birdson's eyes open.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHOLIC CHURCH
text: Peter staggers outside, dodging two DOGS fighting, a vicious
text: NOISY battle on the Rectory lawn. And in the b.g., a
text: homeless man takes a piss into a rivulet of white liquid.
text: Peter walks in a daze, pulling his car keys from his pocket.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - DAY
text: Peter's car moves through traffic, driving slowly,
text: erratically. He scrapes a parked car, but doesn't stop,
text: Corners poorly, almost hitting a pedestrian.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE SEMINARY - DAY
text: Peter pulls up in his Range Rover across the street from the
text: playground. He gets out of his car and crosses the street.
text: As Peter walks closer, he sees Maya. She's sitting on a
text: swing, looking off into space, rocking ever-so-slightly back
text: and forth, a pile of smoked, crushed cigarettes and her
text: shoulder bag at her feet.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - DAY
text: Standing beside Maya is an agitated DAY-CARE WORKER. Their
text: conversation is FAINTLY AUDIBLE. Across the yard, a SECOND
text: DAY-CARE WORKER is shepherding the last of the kids back
text: inside the center. The children are carefree and
text: rambunctious, unaware of the adult drama taking place around
dialog: them.
scene_heading: DAY-CARE WORKER
dialog: Go on, get them inside!
dialog: (sympathetically to Maya)
dialog: Look, you don't have a job here anymore.
dialog: They want you to leave.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: Maya's face. She's devastated. In the b.g., a YOUNG GIRL
text: does a triple on the roll bar. Three girls and one boy
text: compete for distance on the monkey bars.
text: The Latino Boy and one of his friends LAUGH and break free
text: from the line heading back to the school. They circle back
text: toward Maya and swoop by her, waving exuberantly, then return
text: to the line and go into the school. The day-care worker
dialog: follows them as:
text: Peter walks through the gate. He walks fast toward Maya, who
text: sees him coming, from a distance. Maya continues rocking
text: ever so gently on her swing. Peter puts out his hands and
text: stops it. Stares at her, scared.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (lost)
dialog: I don't understand what's going on.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: There's no reason why you should.
text: (tells him as gently as
dialog: possible)
dialog: This has been planned from your birth.
dialog: You fit all the criteria that we know
dialog: of. Never baptized, born of incest,
dialog: devoid of faith...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: But I was baptized. And I certainly
dialog: wasn't born of incest.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You were not baptized. At least I don't
dialog: believe it was Christian. Your baptism
dialog: was performed by your uncle, James
dialog: McKenzie.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yes, I know.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: The only baptism he ever performed in
dialog: seven years as pastor at Bedford.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Seven years. One baptism? He's your
dialog: mother's only brother
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yes.
text: Maya stares at Peter.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Do you know your parents' blood types?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I looked at the coroner's report. My
dialog: father's O positive and my mother...A
dialog: negative.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (taking this in a gasp of air)
dialog: Peter, your blood-type is AB negative.
dialog: There's no way your birth father can be
dialog: O positive. You father is not who you
dialog: think he is.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (really shaken)
dialog: So...then the coroner's report is
dialog: probably wrong. I mean...this is
dialog: ridiculous. There's been a mistake. I
dialog: don't believe any of this.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Then why are you here?
text: That silences Peter. He sits heavily in the swing next to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Peter, I believe your baptism was
dialog: perverted. Look at your certificate.
dialog: Your mother was the only witness to it.
dialog: Your blood-type doesn't match who you
dialog: thought your father was. Peter...I'm
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: And if what you're saying is true, what
dialog: would happen to me?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I do know that people who are possessed
dialog: have to accept evil in some way. I
dialog: don't know if it works the same way in
dialog: this instance. I don't even know when
dialog: it's going to happen.
text: Peter looks at Maya for solace, but there is none. He
text: glances away, runs a hand through his hair and...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: When Townsend tried to kill me, he said
dialog: something strange like...
dialog: (struggles to remember)
dialog: "The time of transformation is near..."
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (putting something together)
dialog: Townsend, he had some of Father's books.
scene_heading: EXT. ROUTE 23 - NIGHT
text: As night falls, the Range Rover moves out of the suburbs and
text: deeper into the countryside. There's a bright moon. The
text: highway is a ribbon of silver.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROAD- LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Their car pulls up to a dirt driveway. Bordered by sagging
text: fences, the mail box reads "Townsend." At the end of the
text: driveway is a two-story, weather-beaten farmhouse with a
text: garage. There are no lights on. Maya says a silent prayer
text: and steels herself.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF TOWNSEND'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The ground floor windows are shuttered. Maya tries the front
text: door. It's locked. Peter walks to the end of the porch,
text: looking for another entrance. Maya looks at the door, then
text: jams her elbow through a small pane of glass next to the
text: doorknob, breaking it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (inward smile at Maya)
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: Peter and Maya enter the dark hall. Peter reaches for a
text: light switch and flips it on. They see a hallway in front of
text: them, stairs to the right and living room off to the left.
text: For a moment, they stand in silence. Peter opens a closet
text: door, glancing inside.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What are you looking for exactly?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: The books themselves or maybe some pages
text: he ripped out.
text: Maya walks into the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The furniture is shabby and worn. There's a battered sofa, a
text: new TV and a coffee table. Maya goes to the table and
text: quickly looks through a pile of magazines. Peter enters and
text: makes a fast tour of the room. Maya gestures towards the
text: entrance of an adjacent room.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: In here.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Maya turns on a standing lamp. This room looks more
text: promising. There's an old piano in one corner. On one wall
text: are two bookshelves. And next to a set of wooden chairs is a
text: small reading table. Maya starts scanning the rows of books.
text: Peter is immediately drawn to the table where he sees new
text: copies of his books. Chilled, Peter turns to Maya.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: He's got all my books.
text: Maya looks over at Peter.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: We needed to know all we could.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm going to look around.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Peter crosses the hallway into the dining room.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: The room's dominated by a long wooden dining table, covered
text: with a chintz tablecloth. The window shutters are open and
text: moonlight streams in.
text: Peter tries the light switch. It doesn't work. He walks
text: around the room - and is spooked by a glimpse of movement.
text: It's his own reflection in a mirror. He sees a closet door
text: and opens it. Inside, it's totally dark. He pulls a hanging
text: cord. A light goes on revealing a small pantry filled with
text: canned goods, foodstuff.
text: Peter goes to the other side of the pantry and opens another
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Maya continues to comb through the bookshelves.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Peter steps into a dingy kitchen. A dirty coffee cup and a
text: plate sit on the counter near the sink. At the other end of
text: the kitchen, past the refrigerator, is a door leading
text: outside. Peter approaches the door, glances through the
text: window. He then turns and walks through a doorway.
scene_heading: INT. BACK HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Peter stands at the base of the rear staircase. As he starts
text: to ascend the stairs.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: I'll be upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY
text: Maya is flipping through Peter's books. Suddenly, she hears
text: the tread of footsteps overhead. It startles her.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (reassuring herself)
dialog: Peter...
text: She puts down the book and turns around. Surveying the room,
text: she sees an entrance to the hallway that services the master
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Maya walks through the hall towards the open door of the
text: master bedroom. She goes in.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: An antique oak bed dominates the room, with two suitcases
text: lying on top. The place is a mess - clothes strewn
text: everywhere. There's a roll-top desk in the corner with some
text: books and papers on it. One of Townsend's jackets is draped
text: on the desk chair.
text: On the opposite wall is a door that's open just a crack. The
text: interior of a bathroom is visible on the other side. The
text: door has a smoky, opaque window built into its top half.
text: Maya starts sifting through the papers on the desk. She can
text: hear Peter's footsteps moving slowly above her. And the
text: sound of doors opening.
text: She opens the desk drawers. The first one is stuffed with
text: bills. The second has checkbooks, bank statements. The
text: third is stuck shut.
text: Maya kneels down to get better leverage. From this
text: perspective, we can see the open door to the dark hallway
text: behind her...She pulls and pulls again. As the drawer pops
text: open, a shadow falls across her. She WHIRLS.
speaker_heading: REVERSE
dialog: It's Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Not much upstairs A couple of empty
dialog: bedrooms and a bathroom. Anything here?
text: Maya looks at the contents of the drawer. It's full of
dialog: Christian literature.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Nothing yet.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'll go outside and take a look in the
dialog: garage.
text: Maya nods. Peter exits the room. She hears his footsteps
text: fade away and a door slam. As she stands up, she knocks
text: Townsend's jacket off the chair. A book falls out of a
text: pocket. It's on of the books Townsend took from Lareaux's
text: room. Maya opens it.
speaker_heading: ECU
text: Tiny, cryptic notations are scrawled in the margins.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWNSEND'S HOUSE
text: Peter walks down the side steps and over to the large garage.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: An intrigued Maya turns another page.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Peter enters. Sees a switch. Flips it on and a fluorescent
text: light BUZZES ON. He peruses old boxes, two dusty, black
text: filing cabinets. Ruston curtain rods, a box of broken
text: appliances and an old stove covered with an orange tarp.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: As Maya reads, she hears a light, SCRAPING noise. She
text: glances up. Silence. She waits. Nervous, Maya then goes
text: back to her book. Excited, she spots something that's
text: important. She hears another light SOUND.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Peter?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Maya listens. She hears a few footsteps in the adjacent
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Jesus, Peter, you scared me.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Book in hand, Maya walks over to the bathroom door and flings
text: it open.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (rushes in)
dialog: Look at this...
text: She steps into the bathroom and freezes.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Henry Birdson is standing in the corner, same green
text: regulation drawstring pants and matching T-shirt. He has a
text: fish-gutting knife in his hand. With an evil smile, he
text: calmly steps forward, imitating the gesture Maya saw in the
text: restroom at the seminary. He raises his knife, holding it
text: out in front of her. Maya stands still. She wants to run
text: more than anything in life, but she doesn't. Instead, she
text: reaches out one hand and touches the knife ever so gently
text: with the tips of her fingers. Fro a second, neither one
text: moves. Maya's face registers great fear. Birdson slides the
text: knife back. Maya sees blood on her hands coming from a cut
text: on her fingers. She trembles, but doesn't run. Maya uses
text: the humility and calm of an experienced exorcist.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Henry, Christ loves you.
text: Birdson looks at her with the impassive, malignant gaze of a
dialog: snake.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Christ can save you, Henry.
text: Birdson shakes his head as Maya's dangling cross picks off
text: particles of pure light.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Just say his name, say his name and
dialog: you'll be free.
text: Birdson, agitated, moves closer.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: (soothing)
dialog: Say his name.
text: He slowly traverses the air in front of her face with his
text: knife. Maya steps back, trapped, her eyes never leaving
dialog: Birdson's.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: (with love)
dialog: Christ loves you...
text: For a SPLIT SECOND, the real Henry Birdson appears, then he
text: smiles grotesquely and in a new VOICE:
speaker_heading: BIRDSON
dialog: (lascivious)
dialog: Yes, but does he swallow?
speaker_heading: VERY FAST:
text: Maya dives out the door. With a SNARL, Birdson recovers and
text: lunges for her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Maya throws herself back into the bedroom, SLAMMING the door
text: shut behind her as Birdson's body smashes into it. Maya sees
text: Birdson's shadowy form trying to break the glass with an
text: animal-like fury. Scrambling against his mounting pressure,
text: Maya tries but fails to get the lock to close. The door
text: SHUDDERS, as Birdson pummels it with his body. Birdson
text: CRACKS the glass. A spiderweb of shards rips through the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: BIRDSON
speaker_heading: (different VOICES)
dialog: Fucking bitch! Open the door!
text: Maya drops Lareaux's book, shouldering her weight against the
text: door. He hits it so hard, it opens. Maya shoves it back
text: and, straining, manages to lock it. At the same moment, she
text: realizes there's no more pressure on the other side. She
text: stops pushing.
speaker_heading: POV
text: Over her shoulder, we see the door behind her slightly open.
text: She turns and realizes this, takes two steps toward that door
text: and then freezes. Maya's in the center of the room,
text: equidistant from all the doors.
text: She looks back at the door to the bathroom. No shadows block
text: the light at its base. Ever so slowly, keeping her eyes on
text: the bathroom door, she reaches over, unlocks and then pulls
text: open the door to the hall. It swings open silently. She
text: strains, listening as hard as she can. But the only sound
text: she can hear is her own shallow breathing. She says a silent
text: prayer. Then steps gingerly toward the door to the hallway.
text: As she takes a second step:
text: Birdson BURSTS through the bathroom door behind her. He
text: leaps and slashes at her, cutting her arm as she bolts
text: through the door to the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
dialog: ...flying into the:
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY
text: Where - WHAM! - she collides full tilt with a body.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: AHHHH!!!
text: It's Peter. They hit the ground, groggy.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Get up!!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What's the...OH SHIT!
text: Birdson races in, knife held high. Peter grabs the small
text: reading table and uses it as a shield as they scramble to
text: their feet. Whipping the knife back and forth at lightening
text: speed, Birdson corrals them into a corner. It takes all of
text: Peter's skill to keep him at bay.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (dawning realization)
dialog: Peter, let go of the chair!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?
text: Birdson menacingly circles left, then right.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: LET GO OF THE CHAIR!
text: As Birdson makes another thrust towards them, Maya suddenly
text: jerks the chair away, clearing a path for Birdson's knife to
text: hit Peter's abdomen.
text: Peter SCREAMS, bracing himself for the impact, an impact that
dialog: never comes.
text: Birdson freezes, stopping the thrust millimeters from Peter's
text: stomach. He's caught in an unseen trap, paralyzed.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: He can't hurt you.
text: In that split second, Peter realizes Maya's right. He takes
text: the chair and SMASHES Birdson in the head. Birdson goes
text: down. Peter kicks him. He doesn't move. Peter grabs
text: Birdson's knife.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Maya)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: MAYA (O.S.)
dialog: When's your birthday?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?
text: He looks back at Maya, who's holding her upper arm. Blood
text: begins to drip down her side. Peter immediately grabs hold
text: of her hand, carefully pushing her arm up in the air.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hang on, get it up, go on, higher.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Your 33rd birthday. The transformation
dialog: will be a perversion of Christ's rising
dialog: from the dead. Townsend discovered it
text: in one of Lareaux's books.
text: Peter goes to the window, grabs one of the lightweight
text: curtains and uses the knife to shred a piece. He takes it
text: and bandages Maya's arm.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: It'll happen at the exact time of your
dialog: birth.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (he stops)
dialog: That can't be right.
text: (as he ties off the dressing)
dialog: My birthday's tomorrow.
text: With Peter and Maya in the foreground, we see, although they
text: don't, that Birdson sits up, his eyes open, staring at a
text: point above Maya and Peter. A horrible rictus smile moves
text: across his face. Birdson's eyes roll back into his head
text: until only white remains. Then he begins to jerk
text: uncontrollably, his face contorting into one frightening
text: expression after the next. Peter grabs the fish knife,
text: moving in front of Maya.
text: Birdson's limbs begin to torque out of control. He convulses
text: on the floor then suddenly sits up closer to camera. His
text: eyes roll back down into a normal position. His face becomes
text: calm. He looks at Peter and Maya. A horrified look crosses
text: Birdson's face as his arm rotates backwards, bones snapping
text: and muscles ripping.
text: Involuntarily spewing from Birdson in ever-changing animal
text: like voices.
speaker_heading: BIRDSON
dialog: (in Latin)
dialog: My demon of anguish, help me create
dialog: confusion and suffering forever and
dialog: ever... and ever...(geni tormentorum,
dialog: mihi commoventi perturbationem
dialog: miseriamque in saaecula saeculorum, in
dialog: saecula saeculorum, in saecula
dialog: saeculorum...)
speaker_heading: ECU
text: Birdson's head turns on his neck in unnatural manner, his
text: body still convulsing. As he stops speaking, his head snaps
text: back around so he's facing Peter and Maya.
text: Suddenly, the chandelier above them flickers, the globes
text: EXPLODING and showering them with shards of glass. Birdson's
text: entire body begins to vibrate, urine seeping out from beneath
text: him. Then, horrifyingly, a horn like protusion begins to
text: push out from the upper edge of Birdson's head, growing,
text: straining...until finally the horn BURSTS through blowing his
text: head apart. Birdson falls back onto the floor. And as
text: Birdson finally dies, Peter looks at the corpse, then drops
text: heavily onto an arm of a chair. Drained, Maya sits next to
text: him. They lean against one another, together in trauma.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: He couldn't stop us and that's how he
dialog: was punished.
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: Peter, what time were you born?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I don't know.
text: (pulls in a breath,
dialog: overwhelmed)
dialog: Probably have a copy of my birth
dialog: certificate...my apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROAD - NIGHT
text: Peter's Range Rover moves at a fast clip down side streets
dialog: and back roads.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
text: Highway's dark, except for Peter's headlights, as they roll
text: up and down a hilly back road. Trees lean in on both sides.
text: The effect is eerily like driving in another world.
text: Maya flips through Lareaux's book. A bible she took from
text: Townsend's house sits on her lap. Looks over at Peter a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: There's nothing else here.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What's the bible for?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Comfort.
text: Peter shrugs. He starts to drive poorly. His fatigue is
text: showing. Maya looks up as:
speaker_heading: POV
text: Up ahead, the road begins to parallel a lake. Glimpses of
text: black water can be seen through the trees. She powers down
text: her window to get some air. Maya looks over at Peter. His
text: face appears normal. Then, she seems to hear a soft sound -
text: GASPING FOR BREATH. Then:
text: The car suddenly drifts into the other lane, heading straight
text: for a guard rail which outlines the lake. Instinctively,
text: Maya lunges for the steering wheel.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Watch it!
text: She manages to twist it just enough so the car misses the
text: rail, but careens off the road.
text: The car RIPS through the bushes with an EXPLOSIVE ROAR and
text: SKIDS down the bank and plunges into the lake below. And we:
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: An enormous SPLASH of water as Peter's car disappears into
text: the lake, the water BUBBLING and as we go under, we see the
text: windshield CRACK and SPLINTER and then we HEAR a ROUGH
text: SCREECH of brakes. A horrendous long skid and...
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: PETER!
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: The car has come to a final stop, sitting sideways in the
text: middle of the road, leaving huge skid marks behind it. The
text: windshield's untouched. The road empty.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
text: Peter's breathing hard. Maya's trembling, her hands on the
dialog: wheel.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What the hell's the matter with you?
scene_heading: EXT. RANGE ROVER
text: Maya pops her seat belt and bolts from the car, leaning
text: against the door, her breathing still LABORED. Peter gets
text: out, moving around to her. He sees she's having difficulty
text: breathing. She chokes out a cough. His anger turns to
dialog: concern.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Sometimes, when I feel weak, I have
dialog: these...visions.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I see things. My worst fears. You need
dialog: to know something, Peter. I was
dialog: possessed once. Like Birdson. It took
dialog: Father Lareaux six days to pull me out
dialog: of it.
text: Peter grabs hold of her, an impulsive move, ambiguous in its
text: intent and unknown even the Peter, then:
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm scared I'm slipping back.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (scared himself)
dialog: We're going to do this.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You have to say that.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (a smile emerges)
dialog: That's true.
text: Maya smiles back.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY MARKET - NIGHT
text: Just past midnight. A small, dirty white stucco and wood
text: country mart. The only light is a stark, household flood.
text: TWO PEOPLE leave the market, carrying a six pack and a few
text: munchies. They hop into their car and take off.
text: And at the edge of the lot, Peter's car is parked.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY MARKET
text: Peter and Maya SNAP the lids of their coffees. Somewhere a
text: radio is ON. Maya moves to the AGING CASHIER as Peter walks
text: over to a wall of generic first-aid remedies. HE grabs the
text: largest band-aids there. And as he joins Maya at the
text: counter, we see it's the cashier's radio.
speaker_heading: DEEJAY
dialog: (filtered)
text: Two minutes.
text: Cashier looks them over as he turns up the volume.
speaker_heading: DEEJAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Now this daylight thing is up to two
dialog: minutes and scientists say sooner or
dialog: later, we'll be losing like fifteen
dialog: minutes a day.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: (rings them up)
dialog: Five-twelve.
text: Peter pays. Out of pennies, the cashier pulls out a new roll
text: and bangs it open inside of the register.
speaker_heading: DEEJAY
dialog: Now I'll never be on time for work.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET
text: Peter and Maya sit on the edge of the curb, sipping coffee.
text: Maya pulls out her cigarettes and lights up. She offers him
text: the pack. He gratefully takes one, lights up and inhales.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why did you lie to me about your
dialog: parents' deaths?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I was desperate. I knew you wrote about
dialog: murders. I needed a way in.
text: Suddenly a car motors toward them. Just as a DEER decides to
text: cross the two-lane road. The car's HIGH BEAMS startle the
text: deer, it stops, snaps a stunned look at Peter and Maya. A
text: moment of stillness, then it gallops to safety just as the
text: car speeds by. Suddenly, quiet again.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Close call. For the first time in a
dialog: long time, it's really hitting me.
dialog: Life's tenuous.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I know it is. Right after my parents
dialog: died, I went to the beach...
dialog: (short intake of breath)
dialog: I was in the water. Everything was
dialog: calm. And then one of those really big
text: waves hit me. Hard. Pulled me straight
dialog: to the bottom. I struggled and finally
text: ran out of air.
dialog: (gulps air)
dialog: If it hadn't been for my sister who
dialog: pulled me out, I would've drowned.
text: Legally dead for a couple of minutes is
dialog: what they told me.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No oxygen to the brain.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Maybe that's my problem.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why didn't you just go along with
dialog: Townsend. Get rid of me. I would've...
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Until it happens, you're still a human
dialog: being.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What about after?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Only your body will remain. I believe
dialog: your soul will be at peace. If we kill
dialog: you, Satan can't stay.
text: She see him react to this.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S LIVING ROOM
text: The door opens. It's dark, except for the luminescence of
text: Peter's aquarium. We see some of the fish are listing and
text: the aquarium still has a slow leak. The floor's wet.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Claire, are you home?
text: He SNAPS on the light. Silent. Stuffy. He opens a window.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: More air. Always a good thing.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Peter's box of records is on the bed where he left it. The
text: ancient news articles are scattered. Some fallen onto the
dialog: floor.
text: Peter picks everything up as Maya sifts the contents on the
text: bed. We see passing glimpses of a passport, bankbooks,
text: insurance policies, a will, a set of keys, and then a
text: parchment copy of Peter's birth certificate. Maya picks it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: Time of Peter's birth is 4:55 PM.
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: Tomorrow afternoon. Four forty-five.
text: Peter absorbs this.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (false bravado)
dialog: Plenty of time.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (fingers set of keys in box)
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I don't know. Extra apartment keys.
dialog: What's it matter?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Maybe I should check Lareaux's book.
dialog: It's in the car. Be right back. Don't
dialog: go anywhere.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Sure.
text: Maya leaves the room. Moments later, Peter hears the front
text: door open and close. Doesn't move, then, suddenly, in a
text: flurry of anger, he knocks the phone off the bedside table.
text: A lamp flies off with it. Then he stands and sweeps his arm
text: across the top of his bureau, knocking off pictures, moments,
text: a jewelry box. Turning, he flips over a chair and kicks it
text: viciously.
text: Breathing hard, he slumps back on the bed. Across the room
text: he sees a picture of Claire has slipped partially behind the
text: bureau. Its glass has shattered and only half her face is
text: visible.
text: Peter immediately picks it up. Stares down at this smiling
text: girlfriend. He lays it carefully back on the bureau, trying
text: to regain some control. He breathes deep, then begins
text: gathering everything back on to the bed. He looks at the set
text: of keys. Picks them up. Compares them with his own set.
text: Trying to think, he stares out his bedroom window at the
text: building ledge across the way. He SEES the potted geraniums,
text: now arranged, a simple red flourish.
text: Then a light snaps on in the apartment below and as he looks
text: down, noticing it, his eyes shift, a momentary realization
text: and he looks back down at the keys and leaves his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Peter gets on. He looks at the unknown keys again. Then
text: pushes the button for the fourth floor.
scene_heading: INT. APT. 4-A - NIGHT
text: Peter knocks softly on the door. Then more loudly. No
text: response. He tries on of the new keys, slowly giving it a
text: turn. It works. He tries the lower lock. The click of this
text: key is audible as...
scene_heading: INT. APT. 4-A
text: The door swings open to a dark apartment. Peter stands
text: warily at the door, then flips on the lights. Nothing there.
dialog: No furniture. No occupance.
text: Peter steps in and closes the door. He looks around at the
text: emptiness. A cockroach scurries across the floor in front of
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: He walks through the living room and...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Only a small table and lamp have been left in the corner.
text: Peter switches on the lamp. He notices the ceiling's been
text: dropped. A grid of white tile panels, held by a lightweight
text: metal frame. He stares at it.
text: Very slowly he raises the broom upward and pokes on of the
text: panels. It moves easily. He pushes harder and manages to
text: angle the panel, sliding it back, so that some of the
text: original ceiling is visible. He sees:
text: A lurid splash of color, a tiny fragment of white line, and
text: part of a strange design.
text: Peter stares hard at it. He grabs the small table from the
text: corner and drags it to the center of the room. Standing on
text: it, he can now easily reach the tiles with his hands.
text: He SMASHES the panels loose, KNOCKING THEM OUT and dropping
text: them on the floor. Two, three, four more tiles. Then five.
scene_heading: TIME JUMP CUT TO:
text: The floor below him is littered with ceiling tiles. Peter
text: looks up at:
speaker_heading: CEILING
text: An enormous PENTACLE. Nine feet wide. It sprawls across the
text: ceiling. Runic symbols crest its edges. For a moment,
text: Peter's mesmerized.
scene_heading: INT. FOURTH FLOOR HALLWAY
text: The door of Apt. 4-A is thrown open. Peter takes off,
text: leaving the door ajar behind him.
scene_heading: INT. PETER'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: The front door is thrown open. Peter steps in to see:
text: Maya, standing, slightly tense, talking to somebody. The
text: other VOICE is obscured by the sound of a garbage truck
text: moving down the street. And as Peter moves farther inside,
text: past the door, he sees:
text: Claire, sitting on the overstuffed chair.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (gets up)
dialog: There you are! My God, darling, I've
dialog: been so worried. Are you alright?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Claire...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: This is the person...you were talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Where were you?
text: Peter holds out the keys to Claire, ignoring Maya.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What're these?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I don't know. What are they?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I found them in your file box.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Must be a spare set.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I thought the spare set was in the
text: kitchen drawer.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Claire)
dialog: You were hiding them.
text: Claire gets up, moving to Peter, and reaches to embrace him.
text: He lets it happen, but doesn't reciprocate.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Honey, you're exhausted. Do you want to
dialog: lie down for a little while?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (moving across the room)
dialog: I found the pentacle.
text: Maya's eyes widen with alarm. She turns quickly toward
text: Claire who's watching them. And as Peter follows Maya's
text: stare, in one slow move, Claire pulls a Beretta from a drawer
text: in the aquarium table. She points the gun directly at Maya.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: She's been stalking you, Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So you're going to kill her? Put the
dialog: gun down Claire.
text: Claire ignores him, but before she can make her move, Peter
text: has grabbed her wrist, twisting her back into the living
text: room, trying to pull the gun out of her hand. Claire wrests
dialog: free of Peter.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Listen to me, I love you, Peter, I'm
dialog: trying to protect you!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You really had me going, Claire. I was
dialog: finally ready to propose to you.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: We're still going to be together.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: There's nothing you can do about it.
dialog: (to Maya)
dialog: I've fucking had it with you.
text: She lunges at Maya, one powerful move, but as she does, Maya
text: moves out of the way. And as Maya spins around, Claire goes
text: for her again, but she trips on the wet floor, losing her
text: balance. As Peter grabs to catch her, she crashes horribly
text: through the glass shelves.
text: Peter is horrified.
text: Then he walks to Claire and pulls the gun from her lifeless
text: hand. Maya and Peter stare at each other in shock for a
text: moment. Then Maya's pager sounds. She checks the number and
text: goes to the phone and dials. As she does, Peter pulls a
text: blanket off the sofa and covers Claire's body.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Hi, it's me. What's going on?
text: She listens, and her expression changes to one of relief.
text: She hangs up the phone and turns to Peter.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Lareaux...he's coming out of it. Let's
dialog: go.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER - NIGHT
text: The car passes through the nearly deserted streets. A STREET
text: SWEEPER passes, brushes whirring.
scene_heading: EXT. SEMINARY - DAWN
text: As the sunlight prisms on dew-covered grass, Peter and Maya
text: pull into the seminary parking lot.
scene_heading: INT. FATHER LAREAUX'S ROOM
text: A small crowd of priests, including Father Frank, is in the
text: room. Several stand next to the bed, blocking a clear view
text: of Father Lareaux. Soft CLASSICAL MUSIC plays. The mood is
text: upbeat. As the door opens, Father Frank sees Maya lead Peter
text: in by the arm like a puppet or a lost soul.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: (vindictively)
dialog: I'm glad you're here. There's something
dialog: you need to see.
text: With only a cursory glance at Peter, he leads Maya to the
text: bed. The other priests move away. Father Lareaux is sitting
text: up against his pillows. He looks good, rosy cheeked - almost
text: back to normal.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (happy to see her)
dialog: Miette...
text: Maya throws her arms around his neck, smiling for the first
dialog: time in a long time.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Father! Thank God you're better! I
dialog: really need your help. We've only got a
dialog: few more hours.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: Don't worry...about the transformation,
dialog: Maya.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What do you mean "don't worry?"
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (being careful not to wound
dialog: her)
dialog: Well, in my prayers, I realized we've
dialog: been fooling ourselves and probably...
dialog: blown this all out of proportion. God
dialog: would never allow anything like that to
dialog: happen.
text: Maya is floored. Father Frank looks at her scornfully.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: I told you this was myth all along.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Does that mean it's over?
text: Lareaux nods a "yes" at Peter, as Maya sits on the old
text: priest's bed. Peter stands beside her.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: So...we won?
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (sweet smile)
dialog: Yes. We won, that's right.
text: Maya plays with her cross, distractedly, rocking it back and
text: forth between her fingers. Lareaux re-fluffs his pillows,
text: looking away from Maya, moving slightly, making himself more
dialog: comfortable.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: We won because Christ...triumphed over
dialog: Satan?
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: Um hm. That's right, Maya.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: So, if Christ won, that means, what does
dialog: that mean, Father? That Satan...
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (tenderly, swallowing back)
dialog: Would you like to rest, Miette? You
dialog: must be exhausted.
text: Maya picks up a scapular from the dresser and moves in closer
dialog: to Lareaux.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: So I guess Satan lost. Satan is the
dialog: weak one.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (breath coming in shorter
dialog: bursts)
dialog: Miette, come here and relax.
text: Maya is crowding Lareaux now, the scapular thrust almost
text: directly in his face.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (repeating, monotone)
dialog: I can relax, because Satan the coward,
dialog: trembles before Christ, right?
text: Father Frank moves over to Maya with another Priest. Sees
text: Lareaux is having trouble breathing.
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: All right. That's enough for now. He's
dialog: just recovering. Take it easy, Maya.
text: But Maya resists their tugging arms, leaning closer to
dialog: Lareaux.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: But doesn't he tremble, Father? Doesn't
text: he cower, like a frightened jackal?
dialog: Satan, the half-wit...
text: Maya continues, taunting, her cross dangling over Lareaux.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: (as slowly as she can)
dialog: The whimpering slave of Christ! The
dialog: impotent dog on God's leash!
text: Maya thrusts the scapular onto Father Lareaux's forehead. He
text: recoils violently, as though burned.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (vicious, another voice)
dialog: HE'LL MAKE CHRIST CRAWL!
text: The entire room stares, transfixed, at Lareaux. Maya look at
text: peter, then Father Frank, as she moves carefully off the bed.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. FATHER LAREAUX'S ROOM - SHORT TIME LATER
text: A nervous Father Frank is supervising the Jesuits as they
text: empty Lareaux's room of its extraneous contents. He avoids
text: looking at Maya. Father Lareaux sits calmly in a chair at
text: the center of the room. None of the Jesuits meet his eye.
text: One Priest tapes the curtains closed over the window. A lamp
text: provides the only light.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE LAREAUX'S ROOM - DAY
text: Peter and Maya stand anxiously near the door, waiting...
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: He's our best chance. If we can get him
dialog: back.
text: Without realizing it, she's touching her shirt cuffs.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What can I do?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: You have to be experienced to do this.
dialog: Just wait outside. Otherwise, you risk
dialog: killing him.
text: Maya looks at him, then clasps his hand briefly. She breaks
text: off and walks over to Father Frank.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll do it?
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: I don't have the experience. Father
dialog: Thomas should officiate.
text: Father Thomas, a tall Jesuit in his forties, strides down the
dialog: hall.
text: He's dressed in a long black cassock, with surplice and
dialog: purple stole. He's resolute. Two other Jesuits, Father
text: Malcolm and Father Jeremy, follow him.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: MAYA AND FATHER JEREMY STAND CLOSE TOGETHER IN THE HALLWAY.
text: WE HEAR HER WHISPERED MURMUR.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Forgive me Father, for I have sinned.
scene_heading: INT. FATHER LAREAUX'S ROOM
text: The priests enter and begin to prep the room. Father Malcolm
text: goes to the closet and takes out the briefcase we saw at
text: Birdson's exorcism. He opens it and takes out a bible, a
text: cross a vial of Holy Water.
text: We see Father Thomas don his cassock and scapular in the
text: partitioned dressing area of Father Lareaux's room. Maya
text: enters. Peter, from the doorway, sees her lock eyes with
text: Lareaux. Finally, she turns away. Lareaux's smile widens.
text: Father Thomas steps out from Behind the partition.
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS
text: Tie him to the chair.
text: Father Thomas makes the Sign of the Cross. Then, he places
text: the tip of his stole on Lareaux's neck, and his right hand on
text: Lareaux's head. Lareaux flinches. Father Thomas places
text: relics of the Saints on Lareaux's chest. He writhes as if in
text: pain. Father Thomas sprinkles Lareaux with Holy Water.
text: Lareaux reacts as though it were burning oil. Finally,
text: Father Thomas kneels, beginning the Litanies of the Saints,
dialog: in Latin.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE LAREAUX'S ROOM
text: The last thing Peter sees as the door closes is Maya.
text: Serious, tight, professional and outside the door, Father
text: Frank is already mouthing his rosary:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Father Frank)
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: FATHER FRANK
dialog: There's nothing we can do but pray.
dialog: We'll be in the church.
text: Father Frank leads the other Jesuits down the hall. Within
text: seconds, Peter's alone. He looks at the door.
text: Then he slowly moves closer to it, until he's a foot away.
text: He tries to listen. Nothing. He leans even closer.
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS (O.S.)
dialog: (in Latin)
dialog: Behold the Cross of the Lord. Depart,
dialog: enemies! Unclean spirits, and all your
dialog: companions, I command you. Tell me
dialog: your name!
text: Peter moves closer.
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...by the love and power of Christ, who
dialog: has redeemed man from your grasp, I
dialog: command you.
text: Peter moves away and sits down on a bench in the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL CHAPEL - DAY
text: Fourteen Jesuits of mixed race, including Father Frank.
text: Chant prayers in Latin.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE LAREAUX'S ROOM
text: Peter is sitting on the bench. He HEARS:
speaker_heading: VOICES (O.S.)
dialog: Peter, Peter...
text: He looks down the corridor. He sees no one. He looks in the
text: other direction and sees a JANITOR eating a sandwich and
text: pouring a container of MILK into a large glass. Once again,
dialog: he hears:
speaker_heading: VOICES (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Peter, Peter...
text: He looks at the door to Lareaux's room and sees the WALL
text: BREATH IN AND OUT AS IF IT'S ALIVE. He runs to the door and
text: puts his ear against it.
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS (O.S.)
dialog: ...be gone and leave this child of the
dialog: Lord God almighty. Be gone, by the
dialog: power of Christ. Be gone, by the power
dialog: of the Holy Spirit.
text: Suddenly the imprint of a chair pushes against the wall as it
text: will burst right through. Peter jumps away. He approaches
text: the door.
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: In the name of Christ, I command you.
dialog: Tell me your name!
text: Suddenly a body slams into the wall which starts to ripple as
text: if a subterranean shape were moving through it. The body
text: appears to be climbing straight up the wall.
text: There's an explosion of NOISE, shrieking and shouting, the
text: sounds of furniture being violently overturned. Peter is
text: mesmerized and scared. Hateful VOICES SWELL UP.
speaker_heading: VOICES (O.S.)
text: Too late, too late, too late, too late.
text: Peter touches the door knob to Lareaux's room. It is
text: FREEZING COLD, so cold it burns. He pulls his hand away and
text: wraps his jacket around his hand.
speaker_heading: MAYA (O.S.)
dialog: Please, no!
text: Peter is torn. His hand again moves to the doorknob.
text: Another body SLAMS into the wall. More NOISE cries of PANIC,
text: ANGER...and pain.
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS (O.S.)
dialog: Move, move!
text: A GROWLING ANIMAL is heard, like a BABOON SHRIEKING. Peter
text: starts to turn the knob, then stops. He's caught, unsure
text: until Maya calls out in agony.
speaker_heading: MAYA (O.S.)
dialog: Peter, help me. Oh God!
text: Peter flings the door open and steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. LAREAUX'S ROOM - DAY
text: AND THEN VERY FAST. The door SLAMS behind Peter and Locks
text: itself tight. Then, Peter sees:
text: The room is not destroyed. The room is FREEZING COLD, breath
text: is visible. Lareaux is tied to the chair. Father Thomas is
text: standing over him, with a crucifix in hand, the Eucharist on
text: Lareaux's head. Maya and the younger Priests are kneeling
text: just behind Father Thomas, overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: Gotcha!
text: The lamp immediately goes out. Room is pitch black.
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS
dialog: Jeremy, the door!
text: We hear FUMBLING grunting.
speaker_heading: FATHER JEREMY
dialog: It...I can't!
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS
dialog: (continue subbing, in Latin)
text: Lowly beast, through the power of
dialog: Christ. Let the door re-open.
text: VOICES begin. MOCKING, speeded up versions of sentences
dialog: we've heard before, LATIN and ENGLISH.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (in Peter's voice)
dialog: Go on. Do something. Show me.
dialog: (in Maya's voice)
dialog: I'm scared I'm slipping back...
text: A beat. Then a normal voice.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Maya?
text: A TORRENT OF PROFANITY drowns him out. A thousand voices,
text: young and old, crying, cursing, filling the air with hatred
text: and spite. Amidst this hurricane of sound, the lights begin
text: to flicker at ultra-high speed, creating a strobe effect.
text: The window bursts open, flooding the room with light. Father
text: Jeremy races over and struggles to close it, but cannot.
text: Maya is revealed praying, eyes open. Peter and Father
text: Malcolm are crouched near the door. A terrified Father
text: Thomas is bravely standing, holding his crucifix in front of
text: himself, facing Lareaux. Or where Lareaux was. The chair is
text: empty Amid the deafening noise, Peter sees:
text: Lareaux rise up behind Maya and encircle her throat with his
text: hands as the HELLISH VOICES reach a crescendo. Lareaux
text: begins to sing softly:
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: Rock-a-bye baby, on a tree top...
text: Peter leaps to pull Lareaux off her, but the aging priest
text: surprised Peter by grabbing him and hold him at bay.
text: As Peter struggles, Lareaux's expression shifts. His
text: confidence vanishes and pain distorts his features. Lareaux
text: falls to the floor in agony.
text: Maya and Peter bend down to help him, but the noise makes it
text: impossible for them to hear one another. Maya pulls open
text: Lareaux's collar to try to get him more air and in that
text: instant, the VOICES STOP. The lights POP on. Maya leans
text: close to Lareaux, who's dying on the floor, MUMBLING
text: incoherently. And on Lareaux's forehead, we see incisions
text: resembling strange, unknown letters. Like they've been cut
text: from within. The incisions are repeated on the backs of
text: Lareaux's hands. The room is so cold, steam pops off the
text: breath. Father Thomas moves fast, beginning the last rites
text: in Latin. He makes the sign of the Cross on Lareaux's
dialog: forehead, then:
speaker_heading: FATHER THOMAS
dialog: (to Lareaux, in Latin)
dialog: Confiterisne vitia tua ante omnipotentem
dialog: deum? (Do you confess your sins before
dialog: almighty God?)
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: ...the ark sank, the sun set, the ark
dialog: sank again...
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Father, please don't die.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: (in great suffering)
dialog: ...art sank, sun set, ark sank again...
text: Maya leans down, inches from the dying priest. Peter moves
text: beside her.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Father!
text: For a split second, Lareaux surfaces from his confusion and
text: looks at her with a great kindness.
speaker_heading: LAREAUX
dialog: Ensemble pour toujours quoi qu'il
dialog: arrive.
text: As he dies, Maya is momentarily inert, tears of exhaustion.
text: She's devastated. And we HEAR a single GRACE NOTE laced with
dialog: an intake of BREATH as we
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE LAREAUX'S ROOM
text: It's CHAOS as Jesuits rush in and out of the cell, helping
text: the exorcism participants. Father Frank glares at Maya, as
text: he helps clear the room.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (looking down at Maya)
dialog: I thought you were in danger.
text: Maya backs away from Lareaux, who is being covered with a
text: white sheet. A last glance and then she takes off with
dialog: Peter.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
text: Maya looks straight ahead, trying to shake off her fear.
text: Peter looks at Maya, moved by her. Puts an arm around her
text: shoulder, a momentary intimacy, then he pulls away. Finally,
text: Maya looks at Peter.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I'll be all right.
dialog: (reflective)
dialog: Peter, at the very end, I think Father
text: was back. I saw it in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So, what does it mean. The ark sank and
dialog: the sun set?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: He's been repeating that since Birdson's
dialog: exorcism. I looked in every passage in
dialog: the Bible and there's nothing about an
dialog: ark or a sunset that tells us anything.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What did he say to you in French?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: That's his, I don't know, his
dialog: 'grounding' phrase for me, "together, no
dialog: matter what."
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (deep sigh)
dialog: Terrific.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWARK NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: The Range Rover enters a blue-collar residential part of the
text: city, old townhouses on both sides of the street. The
text: traffic is heavy and the Rover slows, pulling to the curb.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
text: Peter studies Maya, admiring her in some new way.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: He was trying to tell me something.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (cynical)
dialog: And his message was "Together, no
dialog: matter what?"
text: A car pulls up alongside them. The driver, a middle-aged
text: WOMAN, rolls down her window and calls out to Peter.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Helloooo - do you live around here?
dialog: (Peter ignores her)
dialog: How do I get to the turnpike?
text: The car behind her HONKS impatiently.
scene_heading: IRKED MOTORIST
text: THERE'S FIVE FUCKING CARS BEHIND YOU,
speaker_heading: ASSHOLE!
text: Peter turns to the woman.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (doesn't give a shit)
dialog: Lady, I don't know.
text: Offended, the woman drives off. Peter turns back to Maya,
text: who's suddenly grabbed Townsend's Bible and furiously flips
dialog: through it.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Wait a minute. The message. He used
dialog: French, he knew he couldn't say it
dialog: directly. The arc "sank" or "cinq" c-i
dialog: n-q. It's French for five. The sun
dialog: "set" or pronounced like "sept". The
dialog: French word for seven. The arc "sank"
dialog: again.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's five-seven-fie. Book chapter and
dialog: verse!
text: She finally stops at a specific section she was looking for.
speaker_heading: MAYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Book five, Deuteronomy, chapter seven,
dialog: verse five.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "But this shall you deal with them. You
dialog: shall break down their altars and burn
text: their graven images with fire."
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And what's that mean?
dialog: She knows.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - AFTERNOON
text: The Range Rover pulls up. Peter gets out. He's got a five
text: gallon gas can. Maya enters the gas station MINI-MART. A
text: clock reads 4:05. Afternoon NEWS plays on a TV.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: An international group of scientists
dialog: will assemble in Geneva later this week
dialog: in an attempt to determine the cause of
text: diminishing daylight, a phenomenon which
dialog: has baffled the world's finest
dialog: scientific minds. In local news, the
dialog: case of accused killer George Viznick
dialog: ended in a mistrial today. Prosecutors
dialog: vowed to press for a new trial
dialog: immediately.
text: Maya hands the clerk some money and glances outside at Peter
text: filling the gas can.
scene_heading: EXT. SAINT BENEDICTUS - AFTERNOON
text: It looks quiet and serene in the afternoon light. Peter and
text: Maya approach carefully. They see a collection of cars in
text: front of the church. Unkempt and dirty, a few pedestrians
text: stare at them. The gas bumps conspicuously against Maya's
dialog: thigh.
scene_heading: EXT. SAINT BENEDICTUS - SIDE ENTRANCE
text: Peter pulls out Claire's gun. They step inside.
scene_heading: INT. SAINT BENEDICTUS - CONTINUOUS
text: Peter and Maya pass through the vestry and edge their way
text: into the main cathedral. A MASS is in progress. A lay
text: READER has memorized the text.
speaker_heading: READER
dialog: God appears and God is light to those
dialog: pour souls who dwell in night.
text: Peter and Maya move in suddenly from the vestry, onto the
text: altar, behind the reader. Maya's shocked by the packed-to
text: capacity church. The crowd inside immediately switch their
text: focus to Maya and then to Peter, who's just moved up onto the
text: altar, standing unknowingly directly under the CROSS.
speaker_heading: READER (CONT'D)
dialog: But does a human form display...
text: The reader sees the stares from the crowd, stops, and turns
text: to Maya and Peter. The reader is wearing a small inverted
text: cross around her neck.
speaker_heading: READER (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome!
text: In the crowd, Maya sees the little girl from the diner. Maya
text: is stunned. The little girl catches Maya's glance, giving
text: her a sly smile and then looks away. Her mother appears
text: beside her. Unnerved, Maya looks at Peter, desperate.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Eight minutes...
text: Then, the priest at the front of the church, standing quietly
text: next to the reader, turns slowly toward Peter, oddly very
text: calm. And we see it's Father James. He smiles. Charming,
dialog: gracious.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: (looking at gas can)
dialog: Did you really think you could just burn
dialog: the church down. That some ritualistic
dialog: hocus pocus could just end this?
text: Alarmed, Peter looks at Maya, but her gaze is locked on
text: James. Then Peter glances down at the dripping gasoline can
text: in Maya's hand and as she sets it down.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Lareaux was never free of us. He led
dialog: you here.
text: (he starts to sing softly)
dialog: "Get me to the church on time."
text: Peter moves toward James, putting the gun to his uncle's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (barely able to stand it)
dialog: You fucking bastard.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Don't you get it?
dialog: (re: Maya)
dialog: They had their 2,000 years. Now it's
dialog: our turn.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So all that bullshit about God and
dialog: faith.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: It was perfect. The harder I pushed,
dialog: the more you pulled away.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (beyond anger, beyond tears)
dialog: You lied to me my whole life.
dialog: Everything you said, everything you did.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: Everything I did, I did for you. I love
dialog: you, Peter. Think of it. I'm giving
dialog: you a gift, absolute power and
dialog: knowledge.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You raised me, like a son.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: You are my son. Don't you see the
dialog: opportunity that lies before you?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (putting it together)
dialog: You killed my parents.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: I had to. There was no other way.
dialog: Their deaths were part of the greatest
dialog: legacy I could have given you.
text: Peter moves the muzzle of the gun into James' carotid artery.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MAYA
text: The realization floods her.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Don't! That's what they want.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: It will be my ultimate sacrifice!
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: If you commit murder, you accept evil.
text: One by one, people in the congregation begin to rise. Peter
text: can't believe what he sees. Susan and Mrs. Quintana.
text: Stunned, Peter lets the gun lower a moment and then, as he
text: turns back to Maya, he's too late.
text: James has moved behind Maya, holding a long-bladed knife at
text: her throat. James anchors it at her neck, forming a
text: shimmering upside down Cross, Runic symbols carved into the
dialog: Sterling handle.
text: Peter pivots, pulling up the gun again, aiming it back at
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Drop the knife.
text: He cocks the gun.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
text: She's going to die right in front of
dialog: you.
text: Peter looks at Maya. Her expression gives him the permission
dialog: to do the unthinkable.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Let him kill me.
text: Peter's thrown off. Maya lets her eyes blink closed. For a
text: moment, no one moves. The knife glints off the stained
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: Peter. Thinking. Unraveling.
speaker_heading: FATHER JAMES
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: You have no idea how much you look like
dialog: your mother right now.
text: Peter FIRES, an ECHOING REPORT, bouncing from the Cathedral
text: ceiling to the Travertine floor. Father James falls,
text: mortally wounded.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: And you thought I was the family fuck
dialog: up.
text: Peter sees William approaching from the pews.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, Maya. You served us well.
text: Stunned, Peter gulps a mouthful of air, lifts his gun and
text: shoots William in the eye. Immediate. The bullet powers
text: through William, lodging in Mrs. Quintana. She COUGHS up a
text: GURGLING choke, eyes wide. And as she dies gripping her
text: neck, she doubles over the back of a wooden pew.
text: The crowd reacts. Maya grabs hold of Peter edging him back
text: toward the vestry and out of the church. As the Congregation
text: starts to press forward, Peter swings the gun back up and out
text: toward them. It glistens off the Chalices. They stop, wary
text: and as Maya and Peter finally turn their backs on the crowd,
text: they take off past the sacred Eurcharistic relics.
scene_heading: INT. VESTRY/SAINT BENEDICTUS
text: Through the vestry and out the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DUSK
text: Peter and Maya sprint for the Rover.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
text: Peter and Maya speed up the street. They turn the corner and
text: continue up a street undergoing construction. Fenced by
text: sawhorse barricades, it's equipped with flashing warning
dialog: lights.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How much time do we have?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Not a lot.
text: Peter races past the barricades, side-swiping the steel
text: sawhorses, then suddenly he slams on the brakes, skidding to
text: a rough stop, nowhere to go.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
text: Peter looks at Maya, then at the gun in his lap and back at
text: her. Conflicted emotions. He picks up the revolver. Maya
text: stares at Peter. A huge fear rips through her body. Peter
text: hesitates. Then hands her the gun.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: If you can do it...go ahead.
text: Maya puts the gun down. Leans over and embraces him. They
text: hold onto each other. A shared intimacy, unknown to either
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (a desperate whisper)
dialog: I'm not strong enough for this.
text: Peter reaches over and tenderly brushes the hair away from
text: Maya's face. Then Maya pulls away, raising the tiny gun and
text: TIME slows to a crawl.
text: Maya holds the Beretta. The strain etched on her face, her
text: hands shake, her eyes well up. Peter waits, watching her.
text: She's unsure. We HEAR a choked back breath. Gasping, lungs
text: looking for air. The struggle for life.
text: The car clock seems frozen on 4:54. Finally, it turns over
dialog: and...
dialog: Nothing happens.
text: Peter's looking at her. He knows. He's sure of it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It didn't work! Maya, I'm okay.
text: Peter reaches for her, his face radiant, joyful, alive. She
text: doesn't move a muscle. The gun barrel doesn't quiver.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Oh, Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (changed tone)
dialog: It's me. Put the gun down. Maya...
text: Tears roll down her face, as she cocks the Beretta.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: If you really think I'm the Devil, then
dialog: shoot me.
text: Out of the corner of her eye, Maya sees the clock - its hands
text: rapidly spin backward.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGE ROVER
text: A HIGH ANGLE of the car from above. A SHOT RIPS through the
text: air. Then one more. Maya exits the car. She's unsteady on
text: her feet. The camera pans up into the night sky.
scene_heading: SILENCE.
text: Followed by a low-pitched, disturbing rumble. A kind of
text: GROTESQUE GROAN. Then some HUM is heard. Static. A not
text: quite-tuned in radio station becomes audible.
speaker_heading: DEEJAY (V.O.)
dialog: I love this, now scientists are saying
dialog: the days have suddenly stopped getting
dialog: shorter. It makes you wonder. Do these
dialog: guys know anything?
text: The station fades out. There's a FRAGMENT of POP MUSIC, more
text: STATIC, then the RADIO'S SNAPPED OFF. And we hear the sound
text: of breathing, light and steady.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROAD - DAY
text: An aerial shot of a steel blue car as it cruises down a two
text: lane highway. Passing fields of cotton.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE CAR - DAY
text: Inside the car, Maya is driving. Windows down. She looks
text: serene, at peace, carrying her wound well as we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: ALTERNATE ENDING:
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER
text: Maya aims at Peter's head and pulls the trigger. Peter's
text: thrown back against the seat. She fires again into his
text: heart. Maya lets the gun down slowly. Tears streak her
text: cheeks, as she cups his face in her hands.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: SILENCE
text: Followed by a LOW-PITCHED, DISTURBING RUMBLE, a kind of
text: GROTESQUE GROAN. Then some HUM is heard. STATIC. A not
text: quite-tuned-in radio station becomes audible.
speaker_heading: DEEJAY (V.O.)
dialog: I love this, now scientists are saying
dialog: the days have suddenly stopped getting
dialog: shorter. It makes you wonder. Do these
dialog: guys know anything?
text: The station fades out. There's a FRAGMENT of POP MUSIC, more
text: STATIC, then the RADIO'S SNAPPED OFF. And we hear the sound
text: of breathing, light and steady.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
