speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Written by
dialog: Luc Besson
dialog: © 2012 EuropaCorp
dialog: Any copy, reproduction, representation, communication, by any
dialog: forms and/or methods, of this screenplay is strictly prohibited,
dialog: all rights being expressly reserved to EuropaCorp.
dialog: 11/02/2012
dialog: ii.
speaker_heading: NOTA
text: This film is extremely visual.
dialog: It is difficult to describe in words
dialog: without running the risk of losing or
dialog: boring the reader.
dialog: I have come up with a simplified summary,
dialog: therefore, like a reader's guide, which
dialog: will conjure up the images in as few words
dialog: as| possible:
text: - the beginning is LEON THE PROFESSIONAL
text: ~ the middle is INCEPTION
text: - the end is 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY
dialog: Don't interpret this as pretention on my
dialog: part, merely a visual, emotional and
dialog: philosophical point of reference.
speaker_heading: FADE UP
text: CLOSE ona cell, seen through a microscope.
text: Opening titles.
text: The cell splits in two, then four, then eight...
text: With each new title card, life develops, methodically,
dialog: diligently...
speaker_heading: CUT:
text: A prehistorical man and woman are arguing near a fire. It
text: appears that he wants to have sex with her, but she does not. A
text: few meters from there, a group of Neanderthals are looking at
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: FEMININE VOICE (OFF)
dialog: Life was given to us a billion years
dialog: ago.
dialog: What have we done with it?
text: Title of the film appears:
dialog: Lucy
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, TAIPEI - SUNRISE
text: The first ray of the sun's light streams between the buildings
text: of Taipei, touching the face of LUCY, 25. Last night's make-up
text: caked on her skin. She has been up all night.
text: She wears a tight leopard print miniskirt, and is trying to get
text: her jacket on her bare shoulders. RICHARD, 28, is standing
text: next to her in vintage ray bans and a Bono-style Stetson.
text: Lucy takes a sip of her coffee from a Taiwanese Starbucks.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Lucy, it's easy as pie. In, out, all done
dialog: and dusted,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: So, why don't you do it yourself?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (syrupy)
dialog: For fun, that's all! The last thing
dialog: the guy is expecting is a total 10
text: turning up to deliver his case. It
dialog: will blow his mind. Cmon!
text: She takes another sip of coffee, turning her face to the sun.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What's in it?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Sweetheart! Don't get paranoid on
dialog: me! It's fifty feet! And I'm right
dialog: here! You trust me, don't you?
speaker_heading: CUT:
text: FLASH of Lucy and Richard crazy on the dance floor.
text: FLASH of them drinking champagne and laughing.
text: FLASH of Richard filling a glass of champagne, and put a pill in it.
text: Lucy shoots it down, without noticing.
text: FLASH of Lucy laughing
text: FLASH of Lucy being taken by Richard in the restrooms.
dialog: 29/10/2012 3.
text: The Neanderthals aren't far away.
text: BACK TO SCENE
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I gotta go.
text: Lucy kisses him on the cheek, starts to go. Richard looks
text: nervous, grabs her by the arm.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Hey, Lucy, Lucy!!! What are you
dialog: doing??
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I have exams on Monday, Richard.
dialog: So I'm gonna take a shower and
dialog: work!
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Hey, you know the other day,
dialog: somebody dragged me to an
dialog: exhibit ion--something about
dialog: dinosaurs--and the first ever
text: prehistoric woman was right there.
dialog: Know what? Her name was Lucy.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The real prehistoric Lucy sits half-naked, gazing blankly at the
text: camera.
dialog: Back to scene:
text: Miniskirt Lucy stares at Richard.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: And that's supposed to make me
dialog: feel better?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: Yeah, no, I mean... Sorry! I guess I
dialog: meant Lennon and McCartney's Lucy!
text: Lucy gives him a blank look.
text: Richard hums the tune.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Lucy in the sky with dia-a-a-monds!
text: Lucy rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: T'll call you this week.
text: She's ready to go.
text: Richard grabs her again by the arm. On edge.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Lucy! Look, I can't deliver the case
dialog: myself. I had a little falling-out
dialog: with the guy. Nothing major but... If
dialog: we run into each other now, it's
dialog: gonna be a bit tense and who needs
dialog: that right now? If it’s you,
text: problem's solved. He takes the
dialog: case, end of story.
text: Lucy sighs.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: It'll take twenty seconds. You walk
dialog: in there, go up to reception and ask
text: for Mr. Wang. He comes down,
dialog: takes the case, you flash him your
dialog: prettiest smile and bounce. Look!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT’D)
dialog: You can see the reception from
dialog: here! I won't take my eyes off you.
dialog: T'll even press my nose up against
dialog: the window if you want.
text: Lucy peers inside the Imperial Hotel. Classy. Five stars.
text: ‘And he's right, she can see the reception from where they're
text: ‘standing, outside the big plate-glass windows.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: ‘A mouse scampers around a trap holding a juicy chunk of cheese.
dialog: ‘Back to scene:
text: Lucy hesitates. Sighs.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What's in the case?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Paperwork.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Let's see.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
text: Tt's locked and only Mr. Wang has
dialog: the code. I’m just the delivery boy.
text: Lucy glances at the handcuff dangling from the case handle.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You mean, you get paid for this?
text: Busted.
dialog: Richard tries to laugh it of f.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Yeah... Kind of.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (chuckles feebly)
dialog: Oh? We're negotiating now?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: No, I'm just curious how much you
dialog: get paid. Go on... How much?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: ..A thousand. Dollars.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: A thousand dollars? For delivering
dialog: paperwork?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Babe! T don't know! From time to
dialog: time, I get given a case andI
dialog: deliver it toa hotel, period. It
dialog: takes me ten minutes and they pay
dialog: me agrand. The rest is none of my
dialog: business.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (nervous smile)
dialog: You say you're gonna give me a ride
dialog: home,and in fact you want me to work
dialog: for youl
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: How's this? We split it down the
dialog: middle. Five hundred for you. Five
dialog: hundred for me.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Richard, seriously. There's something
dialog: fishy going on here. You should be
dialog: careful.
text: ‘She kisses him on the cheek and sets of f.
text: Richard catches her by the arm.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Listen, it's the third time this
dialog: week I'm showing up in the same
text: hotel with the same cowboy hat.
dialog: They gotta be suspicious.
text: Lucy grabs his Stetson and puts it on.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Problem solved.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Lucy, Honey! I've done this a dozen
dialog: times! It's paperwork!
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Probably some designs they've
dialog: swiped so they can copy them.
dialog: That's how it works in this country.
dialog: Even my Stetson was made here!
dialog: Look! It says so on the label.
text: Lucy glances inside the hat. The label reads Made iin Taiwan.
text: She slips it back on his head.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: So long, cowboy witha fake Stetson!
text: She smiles, turns and walks away, really going this time.
text: Richard grabs her by the wrist.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Baby, please...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: T gotta go.
text: Ina flash, Richard slips the handcuff from the case handle
text: around her wrist.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The trap snaps closed on the foolhardy mouse.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: What the... Richard! What the hell
dialog: are you doing?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sorry. I really need your help.
text: He heads toward the hotel entrance. Lucy is forced to tag
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (pissed of f)
dialog: Richard! Richard! Hold on a second!
dialog: What is this shit? Take this of f of
dialog: me right now!
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (serious)
dialog: I don't have the key. Mr. Wang has
dialog: it. All you have to do is go into the
dialog: hotel and ask for him at the
text: reception desk.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: He'll come down with the key and
dialog: you'll be free to go.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Take it of fll Right now!
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Look, I'm sorry. I really have no
dialog: choice. I'll be watching you all the way.
dialog: The sooner you go, the sooner you'll be
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: T can't believe you did this to me.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I won't move from here. You have my
dialog: word.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Your word isn't worth shit!
text: Richard counts out five hundred dollars and wedges the bills in her
text: cleavage.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: It's worth five hundred bucks, at
dialog: least! And the money up front! Buy
dialog: yourself areal Stetson with it.
text: He grabs his hat back and puts it on.
text: Lucy glances around.
text: The street looks normal, the hotel is reassuringly quiet.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: LUCcy
dialog: (cold)
dialog: You're an asshole!
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (warm)
dialog: You're wonderfull
text: 'She sighs and heads for the hotel entrance.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A gazelle trots along in the savannah, under the avid gaze of a
text: prowling lion.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - DAY 4
text: Lucy pauses to adjust her skirt. She walks slowly across the
text: lobby, eyes darting this way and that, on the alert, but she
text: doesn't really know what she's looking out for--proof of some
dialog: kind of dirty trick, for sure.
text: Richard stands outside, pressed up against the glass, mocking her
dialog: paranoia.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The gazelle stands still, glances around.
text: Tn the long grass, the lions slip silently into position.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Miss?
text: Lucy's mind has gone blank. She can't even remember the guy's
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: What can I do for you?
dialog: ll.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Er... Wang? Mr. Wang?
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Yes?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I'd like to see him.
text: The Concierge picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Who should I say is here?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Richard. T mean... Mr. Richard sent
dialog: me.
text: The Concierge talks in Chinese to Mr. Wang.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: And your name is...?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I'm just here instead of Richard.
text: He's looking for somewhere to park.
text: The Concierge translates into the phone.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Mr. Wang still wants to know your
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The gazelle is anxious. The lions creep closer.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Lucy.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Lucy what?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Lucy Lucy. That'll have to do. Tell
dialog: him to come down quickly because
dialog: I'm running late. I've got to get to
dialog: work and --
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
text: Just a second while I translate.
text: Beat. An awkward pause.
text: The Concierge hangs up.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Wang's on his way. Stay right
dialog: here.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: CanT sit?
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Mr. Wang said you need to stay
dialog: right here, so I think it's better if
dialog: you stay right here.
text: Lucy's worried now. As if she's finally got proof that something
dialog: is not right.
text: The phone rings. The Concierge answers.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: He continues the conversation in Chinese.
dialog: 13.
text: Lucy sighs and looks around. Richard is still at the window,
text: smiling.
text: \Lucy makes a face, trying to exorcise her own fears.
dialog: It's too late for that.
text: ‘Four goons get off the elevator and head for the reception
dialog: desk.
text: Lucy senses that trouble's coming her way. Female intuition is a
dialog: wonderful thing.
speaker_heading: ‘INSERT:
text: ‘The gazelle has seen the lions looking at her.
dialog: Back to scene:
text: None of the goons weighs less than 100 kilos. Their jackets are
text: bulging with hardware.
text: Lucy begins quietly to freak out.
text: She frantically glances around at Richard, who gives her two
text: thumbs-up. Suddenly...
text: Asilent but deadly bullet thwacks into his back. Richard's chest
text: bursts open and paints the window red,
text: Richard collapses. Lucy is petrified.
text: The case slips from her grasp and dangles from the handcuff
dialog: chain,
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The gazelle bolts.
text: The lions take off in pursuit.
text: Lucy turns back to the Concierge, but she can't get a word out.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: The... The... Police! Call the police!
dialog: 14.
text: The four men close in around her.
text: TAO, the slender one, pushes the muzzle of his gun into her
text: back. He talks calmly, as if parking a car.
text: The Concierge translates for Lucy.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: (tense)
dialog: He says to stay calm and
dialog: everything'll be fine.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The gazelle dodges a murderous swipe of a paw by inches.
text: Lucy nods. She sways and her eyes roll back in her head as if she's
text: about to faint, but two of the goons hold her up straight.
text: Tao puts a roll of dollar bills on the counter.
text: The Concierge takes it and ducks behind the counter.
text: Distant sirens wail.
text: ‘The goons talk among themselves in Chinese, grab Lucy and haul
text: her toward the elevators.
text: In the furor caused by Richard's violent death, nobody
dialog: intervenes.
text: The elevator doors close.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Aheavy paw slams the gazelle to the ground.
text: The four lions dive in, like Lehman Brothers traders.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY 5
text: Surrounded by the four goons, ina steel cage hurtling to the
text: ‘25th and top floor, Lucy begins to shake uncontrollably.
dialog: 15.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (like a child)
dialog: Look, I've got nothing to do with all
dialog: this...
text: Fluid trickles down her leg.
text: Tao notices and steps back, witha few snarky remarks in Chinese.
text: ‘The elevator doors open.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY 6
text: ‘The small group swooshes down the long hallway, the thick
text: carpet muffling their steps.
text: ‘Lucy feels like she's being walked down death row.
text: At the far end, a sign on a door proclaims Royal Suite.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL SUITE - DAY 7
text: ‘The curtains are drawn, blocking out all but a few shafts of
text: light.
text: In one corner, the feet of three corpses are visible, piled on
text: top of each other.
text: Lucy pukes. Who can blame her?
text: ‘The goons grab her before she collapses, and drop her in a chair.
text: Tao appears with a towel that he lobs at her for her to clean
text: herself up.
dialog: 16.
text: ‘Lucy doesn't react. She can't take her eyes off the heap of
text: ‘corpses and signs of gruesome activities taking place in the
text: ‘room next door.
text: ‘Tao barks out some orders.
text: ‘Agoon tugs the bedroom door closed to block out the sight of
text: the corpses, while another begins dabbing at Lucy with the
dialog: ‘towel.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (stammers)
dialog: T.. I haven't done anything...
text: ‘Aman enters. Early fifties, three-piece suit, and blood dripping
text: ‘from his hands.
text: With complete disregard for the carpet, a goon pours Evian
text: water on the man's hands so he can rinse them of f.
speaker_heading: LUcy (CONT'D)
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: You... You speak English?
dialog: No answer.
text: The man meticulously wipes his hands and checks there aren't
text: any stains on his suit.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: T know a little Spanish, too...
text: MR. WANG speaks Chinese and only Chinese.
text: Wang quizzes Tao, who replies.
text: The only word Lucy picks up is when Tao mentions her name.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes! I'm Lucy, but I haven't done
dialog: anything wrong! It's Richard.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT’D)
dialog: He told me to deliver the case.
dialog: Here... Take it, but don't feel you
dialog: have to chop my hand of f. Just cut
dialog: through the chain if you've lost the
dialog: key.
text: ‘They pursue their discussion in Chinese. Apparently, there's a
dialog: ‘problem.
text: Wang sighs and sits down.
text: ‘He motions for Lucy to be brought over.
text: ‘She struggles and squirms all she can. After all, nobody likes to
text: ‘have their hand chopped of f.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Nol Please! I'm begging you!
text: She's pinned to a chair facing Wang across his desk.
text: Meanwhile, Wang makes a call and launches into another
dialog: discussion in Chinese.
text: Lucy finally begins to tire and calms down a little.
text: ‘Wang activates the phone's loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: (strong Chinese accent)
dialog: Hello, miss. I speak English. I
dialog: translate you for Mr. Wang.
text: Lucy realizes that this voice is most likely her only hope.
text: ‘She leans closer to the phone.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Tell him I haven't done anything.
dialog: This is all a terrible mistake. I've
dialog: no idea what's in the damn case!
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Hold on, hold on, not so fast.
text: The man on the phone translates for Wang, who asks a question.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Wang wants to know what's in
dialog: the case.
speaker_heading: “INSERT:
text: ‘Amouse runs round and round on a plastic wheel.
text: Lucy's final hope is dashed.
dialog: ‘All alone in the world.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: But... I just told you I have no idea
dialog: what's in it! Do you speak English or
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Yes, I do! I studied one year at
dialog: International High School in New
dialog: York. I studied a lot English.
text: ‘The man speaks English like a 6th-grader.
text: Lucy tries her best to stay calm and speak clearly.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Look! I swear... I have no idea what
dialog: is in that case! Richard gave it to
dialog: me outside the hotel and asked me
dialog: to take it to reception. That's all I
dialog: know. As for anything else, there's
dialog: no point torturing me, I don't know
dialog: a thing!
text: The phone voice translates.
text: On edge, Wang fires in another question.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Mr. Wang wants to know where is
dialog: Richard.
text: She's floundering in a nightmare.
speaker_heading: ‘INSERT:
text: ‘The mouse in the wheel, stops moving.
text: Tears run down Lucy's cheek.
dialog: Lucy
text: But... He's dead! Outside the hotel.
dialog: I thought your men had...
text: She glances at Tao, who remains as expressionless as a lump of
text: lead.
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know anymore... I don't get
dialog: it...
text: ‘Wang stares at her, and issues a few orders and stands.
text: ‘More goons arrive with Plexiglas shields to form a sort of wall
text: ‘at one end of the room.
text: Helmets and gas masks are handed round.
text: ‘Everybody gets kitted up. Except Lucy.
text: Agoon puts a piece of paper in front of Lucy.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: They've put a note in front of me,
text: with numbers on it.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: It's the code to open the case.
dialog: 20.
text: Lucy looks up and realizes why the whole gang is cowering behind
text: riot shields and wearing helmets and gas masks.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What's in the case?
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Nothing dangerous.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: So why won't Mr. Wang open it
dialog: himself?
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
text: He doesn't trust Mr. Richard.
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: Tell him I didn't trust Richard
dialog: either so maybe the case should be
text: opened up someplace else.
text: The voice translates.
text: ‘Mr. Wang scowls and brusquely motions to his men.
text: ‘Lucy immediately has seven guns pointing at her.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Mr. Wang insists that you open the
dialog: case.
text: Lucy doesn't really have a choice. She's terrified.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Okay, okay...
text: One by one, she spins the wheels of the combination locks.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (tears in her eyes)
dialog: Please... God... Help me...
dialog: ‘She turns the fourth wheel. Nothing goes of f.
text: ‘Except Wang, yelling impatiently.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Now open the case.
text: Lucy takes a deep breath and... jerks the case open so fast that
text: everybody jumps back.
text: Lucy opens her eyes.
text: She's not dead.
text: Wang yells once more.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you describe the contents of
dialog: the case?
dialog: Lucy
text: Five transparent plastic pouches.
text: Filled with a bluish powder... Maybe
dialog: violet... Looks icky!
text: Lucy heaves a sigh. Her nerves are frazzled.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Looks what?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Icky!
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Euh... Do you have another word?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: (with anger)
dialog: Sick! Dirty! Disgusting! Shit in
dialog: powder! Slumbag! You get it?!
text: The voice translates and Wang sends a goon forward.
text: ' The goon pulls on gloves, takes out a box-cutter and delicately
text: slices open a packet.
text: ‘He spoons a little of the spangly powder onto the table.
text: Lucy watches him apprehensively. Two goons haul a 40-kilo
text: wreck of a human being into the room. Probably Dutch. A real
text: dope fiend who's tried everything except detergent.
text: The dope fiend is dumped in front of Lucy. The poor guy is
text: absolutely devoid of reactions. A straw is placed in front of him.
text: He barely registers.
text: One of the goons takes the young Dutch guy's hand and gently
text: closes his fingers around a straw.
text: He urges him on, as if encouraging a child to finish his dessert.
text: The kid finally understands.
text: He positions the straw and snorts the spangly powder far up his
dialog: ‘Nose.
dialog: The least you can say is that it wakes him up.
text: The Dutch guy spasms, twisting and jerking.
text: His muscles strain as if he's climaxing or beating the world
text: weightlifting record. He stands bolt upright like a bamboo plant.
text: He cackles, exploding with laughter.
text: He starts hitting the walls, babbling in Dutch.
text: Lucy gawks at him.
text: Wang peers at the guy, studying his reaction intently.
text: The dope fiend starts banging his head against the walls, then
text: he contorts as if racked with convulsions.
text: The guy's going to blow. It’s obvious.
text: Wang motions to a goon.
dialog: 23.
text: _ The goon wastes the young guy like a lab rat that's outlived its
dialog: usefulness, It takes five bullets, then a dozen more, to keep
text: the flying Dutchman down.
text: Lucy's face is spattered with blood,
text: She is in horrorland. On a one-way ticket.
text: ' The goon with gloves on reappears and pokes at the contents of
text: ‘the case witha chopstick and a little mirror to check there are
text: no mechanisms underneath the pouches.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you going to do with me
dialog: now? Kill me? Is that the plan? Now
dialog: I've seen all this, you're gonna say
dialog: you haven't got any choice, T
dialog: suppose. It was too easy just to let
dialog: me go, wasn't it?
text: “The voice translates.
text: ‘Wang just sits stony-faced while the goon completes his slow,
dialog: -painstaking inspection.
text: ‘Denied a response, Lucy heaves a sigh.
text: She watches the sweat-soaked goon raising and peering under
text: each plastic packet.
text: ‘Suddenly, Lucy pulls the pouches out one by one. She deposits
text: them on the table as if unpacking her groceries.
text: Wang stares in astonishment.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
text: (trying to pull herself
dialog: together)
dialog: OK... Look... You got what you want...
dialog: Can I go now?... Please?
dialog: 24.
dialog: | The translation takes some time, but it's worth it: for the
text: first time, Wang cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
text: Mr. Wang has a counter-proposal for
dialog: | you.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: He's offering you a job.
text: Lucy is speechless.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: A job?
text: Agoon comes over.
text: | Lucy looks up just in time to see his fist crunching into her
text: ‘face.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: | Ahuge "1%" fills the screen.
scene_heading: “RAPID MONTAGE:
text: ' aseaanemone darting in the current / a billowing jellyfish/a
text: ' blundering creature from the depths / a squiggly tadpole
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL, PARIS - DAY
text: _ PROFESSOR NORMAN, late 40's, gives a lecture to packed
text: _rows of students.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Tf life starts approximately a
dialog: billion years ago then we will have
dialog: to wait 400,000 years to see the
text: aberration of the first nerve cells.
dialog: This is where life as we know it
text: begins. Brains in formation of only a
dialog: few milligrams, there is no way to
dialog: determine any sign of intelligence
dialog: yet, it acts more as a reflex. One
dialog: neuron, you are alive. Two neurons
dialog: you're moving, and with movement
dialog: that's when interesting things begin
dialog: to happen.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: ‘A huge "5%" fills the screen.
scene_heading: [RAPID MONTAGE:
text: ‘A cheetah hunting / a sea otter breaking opena sea urchin on
text: ‘its belly witha stone / a bear fishing / an eagle fishing / a
text: gazelle standing on its hind legs to reach low-hanging leaves /a
text: dog running in circles before settling down / a cat playing witha
dialog: little ball.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Animal life on earth goes back
dialog: millions of years, yet most species
dialog: use barely 3-5% of their brain's
text: capacity. Rats, foxes, and crows are
text: patently smart and organized, but
dialog: it's only when you reach human
text: beings, at the top of the animal
dialog: chain, that you finally see a species
dialog: using more of its cerebral capacity.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A huge "10%" fills the screen.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: | Aprehistoric man bangs two rocks together and grins happily.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
text: 10% seems very little, but is really
dialog: quite a lot when you look at all we've
dialog: done with it.
speaker_heading: RAPID MONTAGE:
dialog: ‘Adam / a washing machine / a bike / a rocket / an electric
text: juicer / a soccer match on TV / the Eiffel Tower / a satellite /
dialog: bank notes rolling off a printing press / a trading floor / an
dialog: operating room / a swathe of solar panels / an Indian temple /
text: thousands of containers stacked on docks / a fashion show / a
dialog: robot building acar / the pyramids in Egypt / the pyramid in the
text: Louvre / a steel ball on a thread striking the first ball ina
text: _series and provoking perpetual motion.
text: The prehistoric man cracks the two rocks together until sparks
text: ‘begin to fly and kindling catches fire.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Despite all these wonderful
dialog: inventions and undisputable
dialog: ingenuity we are prisoners of the
dialog: natural selection so dear to Darwin -
dialog: - adapt to one’s environment or die.
dialog: Now let's discuss a special case --
dialog: the only living being that uses its
dialog: brain better than us. The dolphin.
text: _Agiant photo of a dolphin appears on the screen behind the
dialog: Professor.
text: -A student nudges his pretty neighbor and flashes the dolphin
text: ‘tattoo on his shoulder.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: My dear Jean, it will take more
dialog: than a tattoo for you to be its
dialog: equal.
text: More laughter in the hall. Jean smiles sheepishly.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It is estimated that this
dialog: exceptional animal with its
text: permanent and beautiful smile uses
text: up to 20% of its cerebral capacity.
dialog: In particular, this allows it to have
text: an echolocation system that is far
dialog: more efficient than any sonar
dialog: invented by mankind, but the
dialog: dolphin didn't "invent" the sonar, it
dialog: “developed” it naturally, and this is
dialog: the crucial part of our philosophical
dialog: reflection that we have today. Can
dialog: we therefore conclude, that humans
dialog: are concerned with "having" rather
dialog: than “being,” and in fact “invent”
dialog: only what they would be capable of
dialog: developing naturally if they took
dialog: the time and, of course, if they
dialog: used their brains a little better.
speaker_heading: INT, ROOM
text: ECU as Lucy opens one eye.
text: She isn't dead, but isn't sure just yet if that's a good thing.
text: In bra and panties, she's stretched out on an examining table in
text: aroom that looks vaguely like a recovery room.
text: Lucy sits up, but is immediately gripped by a terrible pain in her
dialog: stomach.
dialog: 10
dialog: 28.
text: | She looks down and sees that her whole lower gut is bandaged
text: up, as if she's been subjected toa particularly incompetent C-
dialog: ‘section.
text: |It hurts, but she still manages to sit up.
text: What worries her more than the pain is not knowing what
text: ‘exactly they've done to her. She sees a bottle of painkillers
text: ‘next to her and takes two.
text: ‘Two guards enter, startling her.
text: They throw over a bag of clothes and motion for Lucy to get
text: ‘dressed.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM 10
dialog: Very European-style decor, kind of “rich Asian wants his very
dialog: own Versailles." Only the maids in traditional dresses remind us
dialog: that we are in Asia.
text: Lucy arrives wearing a denim skirt, flat shoes and white t-shirt.
text: Definitely not dressed to kill.
text: She is flanked by the two guards, who open a door, revealing a
text: ‘magnificent library.
text: Mr. Wang sits cradling a glass of brandy.
text: Two white men in designer suits are with him. Clearly not human
dialog: _rights activists or charity workers.
text: ‘Lucy walks forward.
text: | Wang smiles. This bastard looks almost happy to see her again.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What have you done to my stomach?
text: One of the mucky-mucks answers instead of Wang.
dialog: He has an English accent that's so thick you could cut it witha
dialog: knife.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY
dialog: (smiles)
text: It's just a little horizontal slit. But
dialog: it's very well done. You'll see, ina
dialog: month the scar will be practically
dialog: invisible. You'll be able to show your
text: tummy off on Miami Beach next
dialog: summer.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: It's not the scar that worries me --
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY
dialog: It's why we opened you up?
text: ' Lucy nods apprehensively.
text: The Limey smiles, like a white shark.
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Rest assured, we didn't harvest any
dialog: of your organs. We merely slipped a
dialog: small packet into your lower tummy.
dialog: Tt will be removed as soon as you
text: arrive in Los Angeles.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: It's... It's a packet of the powder
dialog: that... that was in the case?
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY
dialog: Smart Girl.
text: | Flash: Lucy sees the Dutchman from the earlier scene twisting
text: _ and convulsing.
text: - Back to: Lucy looks about to faint. A bodyguard stops her.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY (CONT'D)
dialog: CP.H.4, A prototype, for what we
dialog: believe will be the next big thing in
dialog: recreational drug use.
text: Lucy's just grasped what her new job is: drugs mule.
text: | Wang waves his hand.
text: Lucy is led next door.
scene_heading: il UINT. LIVING ROOM ll
text: Lucy is marched to the far end of the room, next to four men.
text: Two of them have no shirts on, revealing bulky bandages on
dialog: their stomachs.
text: ‘Lucy does the math: five packets in the case, five mules,
text: A Chinese gangster hands out passports and plane tickets.
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY
dialog: (typically British
dialog: politeness)
dialog: Good morning to you, gentlemen and
dialog: lady. First of all, many thanks for
dialog: taking part in this experiment,
dialog: which I'm sure will go of f
dialog: flawlessly. These passports and
dialog: tickets will enable you to return
dialog: home within the next twenty-four
dialog: hours. Upon arrival, you will be
dialog: taken in hand by our people, so that
dialog: we might recover our merchandise
dialog: and you might rediscover the
dialog: freedom you so richly deserve.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sure I don't need to remind you
dialog: that if you are apprehended by the
dialog: police, you run the risk of up to ten
dialog: years in prison. As for those of you
dialog: who may be tempted to warn or
dialog: hand themselves in to the
dialog: authorities, may I point out we have
dialog: the names and addresses of the
dialog: families of every one of you, down
text: to the most distant cousins.
dialog: Therefore, we rely on your
dialog: complete discretion.
text: ‘Lucy looks at her comrades in misfortune as if they were
text: already dead.
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY (CONT'D)
dialog: But enough of my speedy lying.
dialog: Gentlemen, lady... allow me to wish
dialog: you “bon voyage!"
text: The guards rush over and pull hoods over the guinea pigs’ heads.
text: The Limey is intrigued by Lucy and moves closer, standing
text: facing her, an amused smile flirting across his lips.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You're gonna kill thousands of
dialog: people with this shit!
speaker_heading: THE LIMEY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: We all have to die sometime,
dialog: darling, but before death, there
dialog: will be pleasure! No more grief, no
text: more pain. For a few brief
dialog: moments, the sense of being king of
dialog: the world, of being immortal. And
dialog: forgetting the crappy one they live
dialog: in,
dialog: 32.
text: ‘Lucy is the last of the mules to be hooded.
text: ‘BLACKOUT.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (0.5S.)
dialog: For primitive beings like us, life
dialog: seems to have in reality one single
dialog: purpose: To go through time.
scene_heading: 12 INT. LECTURE HALL, PARTS - DAY 12
text: Professor Norman stands facing it's students.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
text: Going through time seems to be the
dialog: only real purpose of each of our
dialog: cells.To achieve that aim, the mass
dialog: of cells that makes up the
dialog: earthworm and the human being has
dialog: only two solutions: to be immortal
dialog: or to reproduce.
text: _Aslide flashes up with two words in caps:
scene_heading: 'IMMORTALITY/REPRODUCTION.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tf its habitat is not sufficiently
dialog: favorable or nurturing...
scene_heading: HIGH-SPEED MONTAGE:
text: | A raging ocean / an erupting volcano / a cyclone / wildfires /
dialog: major pollution.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: . the cell will opt for immortality,
dialog: in other words self-sufficiency and
dialog: self-management.
dialog: 33.
text: Image of an autonomous cell.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It will develop a perfect system of
dialog: consumption and recycling of all it has.
dialog: Such is the case of carcinogenic cells,
dialog: for example. They are cells that
dialog: consider their environment -- the body
dialog: that houses them -- to be
text: insufficiently propitious. Thus, they
dialog: change their way of functioning. On
dialog: the other hand, if the habitat is
dialog: favorable...
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Aquiet forest /a pristine glacier / calm seas.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: .. the cell will choose to reproduce.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
text: Alion and lioness copulating / two monkeys / two elephants / a
text: -car rocking and creaking in an empty parking lot.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
text: When it dies, the cell passes on
dialog: essential information to another
text: cell, which passes it on to another,
dialog: and so on...
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
text: Giving birth: a zebra / a cow / asea-horse /a dolphin / a human.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: In this way, knowledge and learning
dialog: are passed down... through time.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: ‘CLOSE on the lecture hall clock as the minute hand moves round
dialog: one notch.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Millions of our cells die every day,
dialog: to the extent that none of the cells
dialog: that constitute our beings now
dialog: were present on the day of our
dialog: birth.
dialog: So the body of our childhood is no
text: longer there, but the spirit remains.
dialog: And that reveals the full complexity
dialog: of our existence: our body accepts
dialog: dying a little bit every day, while our
text: spirit doesn't, and is afraid of only one
dialog: thing: death.
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT.
text: We hear Lucy's breathing. Hard and fast. Like her heartbeat.
text: Fear in her belly.
text: Gradually, we sense a little more light.
text: |The sound of an engine. The city.
text: Through the thick weave of the hood into Lucy's private sphere.
text: Her eye. Her mouth. Mumbling to herself.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: .. Lucy... Keep calm. You have to
dialog: wait, play for time. You'll have time
text: to think it through on the plane.
dialog: Yes, that's right. Take that flight.
dialog: Get out of here. Don't try anything
dialog: yet. Keep your cool. You're alive,
dialog: that's all that matters. Wait...
dialog: Wait... Wait...
scene_heading: 13 INT. ROOM 13
text: Suddenly, the hood is ripped off. Bright, dazzling light.
text: Straight into poor Lucy's face.
dialog: 35.
text: Change of setting. Some kind of warehouse .
text: She's in a padded room--the kind of room where you can scream
dialog: _all you like and not have to worry about upsetting the neighbors.
text: "Set in the far wall is a large ring with a meter-length of chain
text: dangling from it.
text: "Three men haul Lucy over there and handcuff her to the chain.
text: ‘The three guys babble away in Chinese.
text: The way they leer at Lucy leaves no doubt about the subject of
dialog: their conversation.
text: One of them comes over and touches her hair, as if feeling for
dialog: quality.
text: Lucy stiffens, but simply moves her head away from his hand.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Please... no...
text: _ The second guy clasps her breast with one hand, as if testing a
text: ‘melon at a market stall for ripeness.
text: Lucy gives him a free taste of her fist witha side order of
text: handcuff chain.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (fiery)
dialog: I'm not in the mood!
text: The goon freaks out and punches her back, in the face.
text: Lucy falls back and he kicks her in the gut several times.
text: : Lucy's eyes nearly pop out in agony.
text: One of the other guards grabs his buddy and hustles him out.
text: They lock and bolt the door, leaving Lucy writhing in pain,
text: _gasping for breath and clutching her stomach.
dialog: 14
dialog: 36.
text: The camera closes in, closer and closer on her stomach, until
text: the view penetrates the fibers of her bandages.
scene_heading: INT. LUCY'S BODY 14
text: The camera enters Lucy's skin like an endoscope.
text: The view penetrates her flesh until it focuses on one of the
text: corners of the plastic packet.
text: It looks like underwater footage of the exploration of the
dialog: Titanic,
text: The view tracks alongside the packet, until it reaches the bow.
text: Just like the Titanic, it’s split open.
text: The kicking from the Chinese guard has ruptured the pouch.
text: | The dope spills out like fluid.
text: It's like the milky way--sparkling, skipping, shifting, purple,
text: blue, red... It rockets through her system, like a firework, a
text: luminescent streak lighting up her veins from the inside and
text: making the walls of the vein phosphorescent.
text: Whenever a vein branches off in two directions, the streak of
text: powder splits up. We follow one all the way to the huge valve
text: that gives access to the heart, like a sacred entrance toa
text: temple. The fluid engulfs the heart.
text: ‘Lucy contorts in pain, like a wriggling earthworm.
text: After seeing what one gram of C.P.H.4 did to the Dutchman, it's
dialog: - easy to imagine the effect of one kilo.
text: _ Her body twists into insane, completely dislocated positions,
text: ‘like a fish out of water or a garden hose gone wild.
text: She spins round and round like a top, hitting herself all over.
text: The sounds that come out of her mouth are inhuman, more like
text: _ the grunts of a fatally wounded animal. She slithers across the
text: floor on her back, pushes against the wall and starts sliding up
text: it. Dream and reality converge.
dialog: 15
dialog: 37.
text: Finally, Lucy raises herself up, lets out a bloodcurdling scream
text: vand charges into the wall head first.
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT,
speaker_heading: INSERT:
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Let's imagine for a few moments
dialog: what our life would be like if we had
dialog: access to, let's say, 20% of our
dialog: brain's capacity.
text: A huge "20%" fills the screen.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL, PARIS - DAY 15
text: Norman stands on the wooden rostrum facing his students.
speaker_heading: ‘INSERT:
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: If we went down the same road as
dialog: the dolphin, we would be able to
dialog: localize objects from a distance,
dialog: and receive and analyze a much
dialog: broader spectrum of electric
dialog: impulses. This first stage would in
dialog: fact give us access to and control
dialog: over our own body.
text: Black & white archive footage of a fakir meditating on a bed of
dialog: “nails.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Managing our oxygen consumption,
dialog: controlling enzymes, globules,
dialog: heartbeat, moods...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We might even be able to order our
dialog: body to prioritize repairs of this or
dialog: that damaged organ.
text: _ Images of sonars, cells and fluids flash up behind the professor.
text: _ The students are entranced yet skeptical. One raises his hand.
text: Norman nods to him.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Has it been proved scientifically? I
dialog: mean, how can you calculate
dialog: capabilities like that?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: For the moment, it is just a
dialog: hypotheses. I confess, there's
dialog: nothing very scientific about it. We
text: are just a group of nerds playing
dialog: with old theories, but if you think
dialog: about it, it is very disturbing that
dialog: the Greeks, the Egyptians, and the
dialog: Indians, have already some notions
dialog: of cells many centuries before we
dialog: invented the microscope, and what
dialog: to say about Darwin who everyone
dialog: was taking for a fool when he first
text: presents his theory of evolution. It
dialog: is up to us to push the rules and
dialog: laws and to go from evolution
dialog: to revolution.
text: The young audience is smiling
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: One hundred billion neurons per
dialog: human being, of which only 15% are
dialog: activated. There are more
dialog: connections in our bodies than there
text: are stars in the galaxy.
speaker_heading: (HORE oy
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: We possess a gigantic information
dialog: network, to which we have
dialog: practically no access.
dialog: Insert:
text: The colored picture of the entire galaxy.
text: The students are perplexed.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: And the next stage?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: The next stage would probably be
dialog: controlling other people.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: B&W footage of a magician waving his arms and putting his
text: assistant to sleep. The assistant keels over.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But for that we'd need to have at
dialog: our disposal at least 40-50% of our
dialog: cerebral capacity.
dialog: After control of oneself and control
dialog: of others, next up, probably, would
dialog: be controlling matter, but now
dialog: we're entering the realm of science-
dialog: fiction.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: An old B&W movie. A man raises his arms. A vase rises and
text: ' hovers in mid-air.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Nonetheless, it's the logical next
dialog: stage, requiring access to at least
dialog: 70-80% of cerebral capacity.
dialog: 16
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: What would happen if somebody
dialog: unlocked 100% of their cerebral
dialog: capacity?
text: Professor Norman smiles at the Student.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: 100%? I'd rather not imagine...
scene_heading: : BLACKOUT.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 16
text: Lucy's eyes flit wide open. Her retina changes, going through a
text: ‘spectrum from cat to reptile to bird, before becoming human
dialog: “again.
text: There is aglint in her eyes that we haven't seen before.
text: ‘ Something cold, jagged, primal... Something animal.
text: She picks herself up with no apparent pain, stares at the backs
text: _of her hands, cracks her neck...
text: _Lucy grabs a chair and sits down, back straight, palms on her
text: _ knees, eyes jet black. Lucy is a changed woman.
text: _ She sits motionless in the corner, like a robot resetting.
text: : The door opens.
text: _ The guard who beat her up enters, slaps a tray of food down on
text: ‘the table and glances at Lucy as she sits motionless in the
dialog: corner.
text: Lucy doesn't take her eyes off him.
text: Hands on hips, the guy gazes back at her.
dialog: 41.
text: | Lucy calmly smiles at him and slowly opens her legs.
text: _ The guy is given an unobstructed view up her denim skirt.
text: ‘He smiles at her open invitation, checks there's no-one in the
text: ‘hallway, locks the door and walks over.
text: "Just incase it's a trap, he leaves the key in the lock and his gun
text: on the table, where Lucy can't reach it because of the chain.
text: ‘He stands in front of Lucy and slips his hand between her legs.
text: It's the last move he'll ever make.
text: Lucy snaps her legs closed on his hand. The man howls.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: _ Like a fox when a pincer trap snaps closed on its leg.
text: Snakelike, Lucy strikes. Wraps the chain round the guy's throat.
text: His neck snaps and he falls lifelessly to the floor.
text: Lucy moves fast, as if she has it all planned out, as if killing a
text: guy for the first time means nothing to her.
text: | She tears his pant legs into strips, winds them together, puts
text: them end to end and knots them into a length of homemade
text: “rope.
text: She picks up the chair, shatters it on the floor and ties the U-
text: . shaped frame of the front legs to the end of her rope.
text: ‘It's all done in under ten seconds, with chilling composure.
text: With her makeshift grappling hook, Lucy snags one leg of the
text: _ table, which she hauls across the room. She grabs the gun, blows
text: _ open her handcuffs and heads for the door.
dialog: 17
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY 7
text: ‘Lucy slinks swiftly down the empty hallway, her eyes still
text: :shimmering somberly. All fear has left her.
text: 'She enters a small room, where four guards are playing
text: | Mahjong. They immediately stop laughing and freeze, staring at
dialog: ‘Lucy.
text: ‘CUT: 4 cheetahs run at full speed on the plain. A Gazelle is right
text: ibehind chasing the cheetahs.
dialog: ‘Back to scene
text: Lucy's in a hurry.
text: i She wastes the first two guys at point-blank range.
text: ‘The other two dive for cover, but Lucy skirts the table and
text: plugs the third player.
text: ‘Despite his extreme panic-stricken state, the last guard has
text: imanaged to draw his gun.
text: He shoots Lucy in the shoulder. She rocks back but barely even
text: grunts. Then blows him away with a bullet to the brain.
text: Lucy lobs her empty gun onto the table, grabs the bottle of
text: ‘booze and chugs half of it down. She sits down and devours the
text: ‘half-eaten sandwiches as if she hadn't eaten for a week,
text: ‘Her cheeks still bulging with the last of the sandwiches, she
text: digs into her shoulder wound and plucks out the bullet, which
text: ishe tosses into a glass of water.
text: _ She picks up the glass and peers at the bullet, magnified by the
text: jrefraction effect. It fascinates her. For a second.
text: “Wiping her hands on her t-shirt, Lucy heads over to the metal
text: ‘cabinet that contains an astonishing array of weaponry. She
text: -grabs two monstrous guns and some magazines.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 43.
dialog: | Then some grenades and some Uzis. As muchas she can carry.
text: She piles it all into a sports bag lying on the ground.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT 18
text: ‘Lucy slinks down a hallway that leads to a stairwell.
text: _ At the top of the stairs, Lucy finds herself in a kind of
dialog: warehouse.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE 19
text: She ignores the workmen loading and unloading trucks.
text: Some of them nudge their co-workers as Lucy walks past with
text: her sports bag and Uzis over her shoulders, but wisely nobody
text: ‘tries to stop her.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT 20
text: Lucy comes out into a small courtyard. It's dark.
text: “Two men are chatting, probably bodyguards of Mr. Wang's.
text: -Lucy rams the muzzle of her gun into the first ASIAN’s chest.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You speak English?
speaker_heading: ASIAN
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: No! No! No!
text: , Lucy blows a hole in his chest and switches the muzzle to the
text: other man’s chest.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You speak English?
dialog: ‘Even if he doesn't, he does now.
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Good for you. Let's go.
text: The man jumps behind the wheel of his car.
text: Lucy gets in the back.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Take me to the hospital.
text: ‘The driver nods meekly.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hospital! No problem!
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT a
text: ‘The car drives through Taipei and its multicolored neon lights.
text: ‘Lucy shucks all her guns and leaves them on the backseat.
text: The driver glances in the mirror, trying to work out what kind
text: of monster he's been landed with.
text: _Lucy is staring through the window. She seems amazed by all
text: the life around her as if she never noticed it before.
dialog: : Her eyesight and hearing are particularly well developed.
text: : Thousands of conversations mingle in her head.
scene_heading: ; EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 22
text: The car stops almost in front of the hospital.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (points)
dialog: Hospital! Hospital!
dialog: 23
dialog: 45.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Good job.
text: Lucy takes just one handgun and a magazine.
text: She steps out of the car.
text: Through the driver's window, she hands the guy two grenades,
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold these.
text: ‘The driver doesn't dare refuse. He grasps a grenade in each
dialog: ‘hand,
text: Lucy pulls the pins out of them.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait here for me.
text: . She hardly gives him much choice, Lucy walks away.
scene_heading: SINT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 23
text: _ Lucy marches confidently in, as if she knows exactly where
text: ‘she's going.
text: _ As aresult, nobody pays much attention to her.
text: | She heads down a hallway, where some patients are sitting on
text: _ chairs and others are lying on gurneys.
text: ‘ Lucy glances at the signs. The Chinese characters morph into
dialog: _ small drawings that are easy to interpret. Then, everything
text: : speeds up. Lucy strings together different ideas, the letters
text: : change and the words appear in English.
text: : Lucy eavesdrops on conversations in the hallway. The words are
text: | simultaneously translated until Lucy ends up hearing the
text: conversations in English.
text: _ Up ahead, through a round window in a door, she notices a team
text: _ of surgeons at work.
dialog: |
dialog: '
dialog: I
dialog: It
dialog: 46.
text: 'She enters the room. Peaceably. For now.
scene_heading: 24 ‘INT. OPERATING ROOM 24
text: _Lucy goes straight to the wall where X-Ray pictures of the
text: ‘patient are hung. The surgeon looks at her in shock.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Miss! Hello?
text: | Lucy is studying the X-Ray of a head. She then walks towards
dialog: | the surgeon.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: T need help. It's urgent.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Miss, we are operating! Please leave
dialog: immediately!
dialog: | But Lucy's ina hurry.
text: | She smokes the patient and shoves him off the table onto the
text: | floor. She swivels the operating table round,
text: She removes her t-shirt and settles down on the table.
text: The Surgeon stands rooted to the spot. The Nurses likewise.
text: | Lucy, in her bra, levels her gun at them.
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: (nods to the dead
dialog: patient)
dialog: You wouldn't have been able to save
text: him anyway. The tumor is more
dialog: invasive than you think. It's already
text: invading the cortex on the right
text: side from the spine.
dialog: 47.
dialog: ' The Surgeon is confused.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Somebody dumped some real shit in
text: my gut--a plastic bag with a kilo of
dialog: powder in it. Take it out.
text: His scrubs spattered in blood, the Surgeon has been rooted to
text: _ the spot since the patient met his unfortunate end. He looks
text: like a butcher. She lowers her gun.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: T'm ina hurry.
text: Lucy looks at him like a confused child.
text: | The doctor snaps out of it. Luckily for him.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Right... I'll... I'll just administer a
text: local anesthetic.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Don't bother. I don't feel physical
dialog: pain anymore.
text: . There's a hint of regret or nostalgia in her voice.
text: ' She rips the bandage off her belly.
text: : The Surgeon gazes at the closed wound and nods to his Nurses.
text: They go to work on their new patient.
text: Lucy plucks the Surgeon's phone out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just borrowing it.
text: . She dials a number.
dialog: 48.
text: While Lucy waits for someone to pick up, the Surgeon opens up
text: ‘her wound.
speaker_heading: LUCy (CONT'D)
dialog: .. Mom?
speaker_heading: LUCY'S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: Hey! Lucy! My baby! It's great to
dialog: hear from you! But... What time is it
dialog: over there?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (softly, confused)
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: T'm... I'm going to have to... reach
text: inside.
text: | She points the gun. Nods.
speaker_heading: LUCY'S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: You're not partying too much, are
dialog: you? You promised me you'd look
dialog: after yourself!
text: The doctor gently inserts his whole hand into the now gaping
text: : wound, Lucy begins to sob softly.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I'm trying to, mom. I’m trying to.
speaker_heading: LUCY'S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: Thanks for calling out of the blue
dialog: like this. Your father will be sad to
dialog: have missed you. He isn't home from
dialog: the gym yet. Usually, you call in the
dialog: morning.
dialog: 49,
text: Tears are rolling down her cheeks. She is devastated like a
text: child who has just seen the world exploding.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: ..Mom?... I Feel everything.
speaker_heading: LUCY'S MOM
dialog: What do mean, sweetie?
text: i We will hear sounds for each image that Lucy is describing.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: \ I feel the space...the air...the
dialog: : vibrations...the people... feel
dialog: gravity... feel the rotation of the
dialog: Earth..the heat leaving my
dialog: body...the blood running in my
text: veins..I feel my brain..and I can
dialog: travel to the deepest part of my
dialog: memory...
speaker_heading: LUCY'S MOM
dialog: Sweetie. We have a bad connection.
dialog: I can't hear you so well. What did
dialog: you say about memory?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I remember... Pain in my mouth when I
dialog: got braces... Your hand on my forehead
dialog: when I rana fever... Stroking the cat --
dialog: it was so soft!
speaker_heading: LUCY'S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: The cat?... What cat, honey?
speaker_heading: LUCcy
text: A siamese with blue eyes and a docked
dialog: tail.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: LUcy’S MOM
dialog: You can't possibly remember that. You
dialog: were barely one year old!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I remember the softness of your
dialog: breast... the taste of your milk in
dialog: my mouth... the walls of your vagina
text: on my face.
speaker_heading: LUCYy'S MOM
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Sweetie, what are you talking
dialog: about?
text: Lucy is overcome with emotion.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I just want you to know that I love
dialog: : you, mom. You and Dad. And I want
dialog: : to thank you for the thousand
dialog: : kisses you gave me that TI can still
dialog: feel on my face. I love you, mom.
speaker_heading: LUCy'’S MOM
dialog: T love you too, sweetie. More than
dialog: anything in the world.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (in tears)
dialog: T know.
text: ‘Lucy hangs up.
text: ‘The doctor slowly extracts the pouch dripping in blood.
text: ‘The packet has split open.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: How much is left?
dialog: 51.
text: |The Surgeon turns and places the packet on some small scales.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
text: Seven hundred grams.
text: ‘Lucy's startled.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: How long will it take me to eliminate
dialog: the 300 grams I have in my blood?
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: To answer that, I'd need to know
dialog: what it is.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: CP.H.4.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Are you sure?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Do I look like a girl who's prone to
dialog: doubts?
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Absolutely not. It's just...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Spit it out! Tell me!
text: - The Surgeon heaves a sigh.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: It's a molecule fabricated naturally
dialog: by pregnant women. Labs have been
dialog: trying to develop a synthetic
dialog: version for years.
dialog: 52.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I want to know everything about
dialog: this molecule.
text: She gives him no choice.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Pregnant women fabricate this
dialog: extremely powerful molecule in the
dialog: sixth week of pregnancy. In tiny
dialog: quantities. But for a baby it packs
text: the punch of an atomic bomb. It's
dialog: what gives the fetus the necessary
dialog: energy to form all the bones in its
text: body. This sudden surge of energy
dialog: happens only once ina lifetime.
dialog: Except in your case, apparently.
text: Lucy remains silent, lost in thought, in her recollections.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: |For a fraction of a second, the universe explodes into thousands
dialog: of stars,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (nostalgic)
dialog: I remember the first time. The
dialog: sensation...
text: The Surgeon can't believe his ears.
dialog: ' The Nurses are confused.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Tf it really is CP.H.4., taking this
dialog: much of it... I'm amazed you're still
text: alive.
text: : Lucy glares at him with her somber eyes.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: We never truly die.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 25
text: _ Lucy comes out of the hospital, witha fresh bandage visible
text: | beneath her t-shirt.
text: : Lucy breathes in the cool night air. She gazes at a solitary tree
text: surrounded by a sea of asphalt. She isolates every sound until all
text: _ she hears is the tree's laments. She also succeeds in scanning the
text: _ tree. She sees all its veins and the sap running through them. She
text: ‘also sees its roots delving into the earth and separating out.
text: : With sweat pouring off him, the Driver still clutches the two
text: | grenades, Lucy gets in the back.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Imperial Hotel.
dialog: » The Driver motions “I've got my hands full.”
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Chinese)
dialog: Put them between your legs.
text: | The Driver wedges the grenades between his thighs.
text: | The car pulls away.
scene_heading: 26 | INT. CAR-NIGHT 26
text: _ Lucy opens her bag to see what will be most useful to her.
text: ' She finds some knives. Unsheathes one of them. It's the kind of
dialog: _ knife Rambo would die for.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: lEXT. HOTEL - NIGHT 27
text: ‘The car pulls up outside the Imperial Hotel. Lucy takes the car
text: ‘keys.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (in Chinese)
dialog: Wait here, I won't be long.
text: The Driver doesn't really have any choice.
text: ‘Lucy marches into the hotel.
scene_heading: INT, HOTEL - NIGHT 28
text: | The Receptionist is busy with a group of guests.
text: :Lucy heads over to the elevators without being noticed.
text: | She waits for the elevator with three bulky US TOURISTS,
text: i who look delighted at the prospect of riding with beautiful Lucy.
text: |The three guys grin and nudge each other, they look ready for a
dialog: ‘night of drinking.
text: One makes his move.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: (not too subtle)
dialog: You speak English, miss? Or only
dialog: Chinese? For English, press one. For
dialog: Chinese, press two. For fun, press
text: rooftop, it’s the bar.
text: ; The others smirk idiotically.
text: ' The elevator doors close on Lucy and the three stooges.
dialog: 29
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. 25TH FLOOR, HOTEL - NIGHT 29
text: | The elevator doors open again.
text: ; Two tourists are passed out on the floor.
text: The third tourist, the chatty one, is dripping with sweat as
text: Lucy's silencer pokes into his mouth.
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: (to her hostage)
dialog: Don't leave me.
text: Hunched forward, hands half-raised, the man shuffles out.
text: “They walk down the hallway and stop outside Suite 2508.
text: - Lucy shoves her hostage toward the door and stands with her
text: back flat against the wall, gun poised.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Go to the door and ring the bell.
text: _ The man looks a real dork standing there in his Hawaiian shirt.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: What do I say?
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: You're the chatty one.
text: Inside the suite, the GUARD glances through the peephole.
dialog: ' He asks the Tourist what the hell he wants, but the guy doesn't
dialog: _ understand a word of Chinese.
text: | The Guard motions to another goon, who draws his gun.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (in Chinese)
dialog: Put your guns away.
text: The goons holster their weapons.
text: ‘The Guard opens up to the sweating Tourist.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: Hey!
text: The Guard says something but the Tourist remains silent. The
text: ‘Guard slowly steps forward and pokes his head into the hallway.
text: : He looks left then right, and finds himself eye to eye with
text: : Lucy's silencer.
text: _ Lucy smiles at him and crooks her finger to motion him forward.
text: Inside the suite, the other goon sees the Guard head into the
text: “hallway. They share a blank look and call to the guy in Chinese.
dialog: _No answer.
text: | Guard #2 follows his buddy out and finds Lucy's gun leveled at
text: ‘his face.
text: » Lucy grabs him and forces him to stand back to back with his
text: , buddy. Their heads touching. Lucy has rammed the muzzle of her
text: | gun into the mouth of the nearest one. If she fires, the other
dialog: - guy's toast as well.
text: . The Tourist is still standing outside the suite, rooted to the
dialog: spot.
text: , Lucy goes over and hands him the gun that keeps the guards
dialog: - from moving.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Keep an eye on them.
dialog: 30
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: (stunned, panics)
dialog: What am I supposed to do?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Survive.
text: Lucy grabs a gun from one of the Guards’ belt, enters the suite
text: and closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE - NIGHT 30
text: ‘Lucy calmly walks through the empty suite.
text: ' She heads for the bedroom. Enters.
text: | Mr, Wang is there, sitting in a deep armchair with a manicurist
text: - working on each hand, face pack on, two slices of cucumber over
text: his eyes and iPod buds in his ears.
text: . He is deaf to the outside world.
text: : Lucy puts her finger to her lips.
text: The two manicurists look anxiously at her.
speaker_heading: LUCY (IN CHINESE)
dialog: Go into the bathroom. I'll finish up
dialog: here.
text: » The manicurists get up and shut themselves in the bathroom.
text: » Lucy puts her gun down next to aroll of dollar bills and hitches
text: up her t-shirt slightly. She has two knives tucked in the back of
text: her skirt.
text: : She whips them out in a flash, the blades swooshing through the
text: . air, and drives them viciously into the tops of Wang's hands.
dialog: 58.
text: The mobster screams so hard the slices of cucumber go flying.
text: He is crucified to the chair. Gripped by pain, he barely moves.
text: The earbuds fall out. Mozart floats faintly around the room.
text: Wang's mouth gapes open but no sound dares to emerge.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (mimics him)
dialog: Ah! Aaah? You see?
text: Her voice mellows, becomes almost intimate, as if relieved to
text: share her ordeal with someone.
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT'D)
dialog: Learning's always a painful process.
dialog: It's like when you're little and your
dialog: bones are growing. It makes you
text: ache all over.
text: Lucy frowns. Her somber eyes mist over.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you believe that I can
dialog: remember the sound of my bones
text: growing? An inhuman sound muffled
dialog: by flesh. Now it's different... Every
dialog: sound is music I can understand,
text: like a mathematical equation.
text: Wang looks at her like a puppy dog with his front paws caught ina
dialog: trap.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: You see, it's funny. I spent years
dialog: trying to find out who I was and
dialog: what I wanted to do. But the only
dialog: answer I came up with was to have
dialog: fun and make a mess of my life.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 59,
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: And now that I have access to the
text: furthest reaches of my brain, and I
text: see things clearly. I sense my
dialog: humanity slipping through my
text: fingers, and nothing seems to
dialog: matter anymore. As if humanity
dialog: were only a primitive stage on the
dialog: road to knowledge. Understand?
text: Mr. Wong is too busy writhing in pain. She moves closer. Gently
text: strokes his cheek.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have to learn how to get over
dialog: your pain. It blocks you, it stops you
dialog: from understanding. It blocks
dialog: knowledge. You live in your little
dialog: world of profit, fed by war, misery
dialog: and chaos. You want to escape your
dialog: pain by putting your burden onto
dialog: others. You live without sharing, and
dialog: it's centuries humans are acting like
dialog: this . Don't you think it's time we
dialog: share it all? Don't you want to have
dialog: access to knowledge? Because right
dialog: now you know nothing.
text: She grabs a cucumber
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT'D)
dialog: Except that cucumber is good for
dialog: your skin.
text: She eats the piece of cucumber.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: So tell me, where are the others?
dialog: The other guys carrying the drugs?
dialog: 60.
text: Wang doesn't respond, of course. He didn't understand a word
text: of what she said and the only thing he can think about is the
text: excruciating pain.
text: Lucy peers at him. Slowly presses her hands over his.
dialog: Concentrates,
text: She penetrates the man's skin, cuts through layers of muscle
text: and into his nervous system. In a few seconds, she has traveled
text: these information highways to his brain. She hurtles toward his
text: cortex and enters the black box of his memory. An image
text: forms: Lucy is back in the mansion where she met the four
text: other mules.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Lucy moves around invisibly like a mobile voyeur-camera capable
text: of zooming in and out, becoming endoscopic, freeze-framing and
dialog: tracking around objects if necessary.
text: Lucy explores the setting and people, as if visiting a 3-D mock-
text: up of a kitchen on a computer.
text: A goon checks the passport of one of the mules.
dialog: Freeze-frame.
text: We see the guy's photo and name.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (reads the name)
dialog: Louis Bertrand.
text: The goon hands Louis his passport and ticket.
dialog: Freeze-frame.
text: The view slips into the pouch containing the ticket and reads
text: the time and destination. BRUSSELS 08:20.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
text: Wang doesn't realize his mind is being searched and pillaged.
text: Lucy focuses.
dialog: 31
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Wang flicks through another passport.
text: The camera closes in on his face, zooms into his eye until we
text: see the writing on the ticket.
text: The frame is reversed so we can read it the right way round.
scene_heading: MUNICH 10:30.
text: Wang watches the third mule preparing to leave the room.
dialog: Freeze-frame.
text: The camera comes up behind the guy.
text: The view slips into the back pocket of his pants and into the
dialog: ticket holder.
text: We can make out his name and flight number. ROME 09:10.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
text: In the hotel room, Lucy removes her hands from Wang's.
text: He looks drained.
text: Lucy shoots him a kindly, sympathetic smile.
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you for sharing.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - DAY 32
text: Rivulets of sweat run down the Driver's face.
text: He's trying to insert a length of wire into the hole to replace
text: the pin of one of the grenades.
text: His hand is shaking.
text: When he finally succeeds, he heaves a huge sigh of relief.
text: Suddenly, Lucy jumps into the car and lobs him the keys.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: See? You're smarter since you met
dialog: me!
dialog: (in Chinese)
dialog: Cmon, drive!
dialog: 62.
text: Even after deactivating the grenades, the Driver is still ina
text: state of complete panic.
text: The car drives off into Taipei.
scene_heading: 32 INT. THREE STAR HOTEL, PARIS - NIGHT 32
text: Professor Norman arrives back at his hotel room, a junior suite.
text: He removes his shoes and rubs his feet, wincing.
text: Picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: CONCTERGE (0.S.)
dialog: Evening, Professor.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Good evening, Nicole.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE (0.S.)
dialog: The usual?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: No, I think I'll have the lasagna
dialog: tonight. For a change. With a glass
dialog: of white wine like the one you dug
dialog: out for me last night.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Yes, sir. Be up in ten minutes.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Take your time.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. STREET, TAIPEI - DAY 33
text: The car pulls up outside a building.
text: Lucy jumps out with her bag. Leans toward the Driver's window.
dialog: 34
dialog: 63.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Thanks for the ride.
text: She lobs him a tightly tied roll of cash that she took from
text: Wang's room.
text: She walks into her apartment building.
text: Dazed, the Driver pulls away.
scene_heading: INT.LUCY'S APARTMENT - DAY 34
text: The door is opened by CAROLINE, 22, blonde, in panties and
text: top--the original slacker starting to make her way in the world.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Shit, you gave me a fright ringing
dialog: the bell like a headcase!
text: Caroline steps forward and gives Lucy a hug.
text: Lucy immediately forms a complete picture of her friend's
text: body: bones, muscles, veins, waves, equations, everything.
text: Ascan from head to toe in five seconds.
text: Caroline steps back. Lucy is slightly in shock.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: T missed you.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Have you lost your keys?
dialog: 64.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Something like that. Can I use your
dialog: laptop?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Uh... Sure.
text: Lucy heads into the living room, sits straight down at the
text: computer and types at mind-blowing speed.
text: Caroline flops on the couch and goes back to painting her nails.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're into computers now.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Yup. It's all new.
text: Lucy browses scientific websites. So fast, it's impossible to
dialog: keep up.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I spent all day yesterday going to
dialog: auditions. Well... Going to two
dialog: auditions. It was so boring! They
dialog: keep you waiting for hours, gabbing
dialog: away in Chinese. You don't
text: understand a word they say, then at
dialog: the end they say they'll call you but
dialog: they don't even take your number.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Except one guy. But he wasn't
text: Chinese. A guy from the agency. The
dialog: cute-and-I-know-it kind.
text: Lucy digests a huge quantity of scientific papers at phenomenal
dialog: speed.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (grins)
dialog: You'll never guess where he took
dialog: me!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (riveted to the screen)
dialog: The Four Seasons. The Royal Suite.
dialog: And you made love all night long.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: How did you know?
dialog: Lucy
text: Lucy looks at her friend, they are obviously on different levels
text: of consciousness, but Lucy still has a dollop of compassion for
dialog: this girl.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: Caroline, I don't have a lot of time,
dialog: so you must listen to me very
dialog: carefully. At first you will not
dialog: understand what I'm saying, you're
dialog: going to reject it. Then the
dialog: emotion will overwhelm you and you
dialog: will start crying. Then you will start
dialog: to understand. To feel what I am
dialog: saying is true. You won't accept it,
dialog: you'll fight it, you'll cry some more.
dialog: And then you will start screaming at
dialog: me. You're going to go through all
dialog: this before you can accept what is
dialog: true. Are you ready?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Ready for what? What truth are
dialog: you talking about. Lucy, you're
dialog: scaring me.
dialog: 66.
text: Lucy takes a deep breath.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: His name's Franco. He’s HIV-
text: positive but he doesn't know it yet.
dialog: Trouble is, you are biologically
dialog: vulnerable to contamination. Your
dialog: kidneys don't operate very
dialog: efficiently and your liver's in bad
dialog: shape because of all the shit you've
dialog: put through it since you were 13.
text: Her tone is clipped, devoid of emotion. Caroline is frozen,
text: stunned, the nail polish in her hands.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have to make some changes in
dialog: your life. Work out, eat organic,
dialog: stop partying, and you'll buy
dialog: yourself a few more years. By then
dialog: they'll have come up with something.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: “Come up with something?”
dialog: Lucy
dialog: A treatment.
text: Lucy goes back to the computer.
text: Caroline's beautiful eyes begin to fill with tears.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Lucy, is this some kind of joke?
text: Caroline begins to cry. Lucy concentrates on the computer.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you telling me all this? You
dialog: don't know what the fuck you're
dialog: talking about. First, you don't even
dialog: know Franco. You never met him.
dialog: Did Richard tell you this crap? Is
dialog: that it? Richard is a jealous little
dialog: shit because I wouldn't fuck him.
dialog: He'll do anything to hurt me.
text: Caroline cries more. Lucy continues typing.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you being so mean to me? T
dialog: know my life is a little messed up,
dialog: but it's not any reason to throw it
dialog: up at me like this. I've always been
dialog: your friend, I've always told you all
dialog: my secrets. Everything. I trusted
dialog: you, Why are you trying to hurt me
dialog: like this?
text: Her anger begins to rise... just as Lucy said it would,
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You think you're better than me?
dialog: Look at you? You're 25 and you're
dialog: still working as a salesgirl ina
dialog: second-hand clothes store to pay
dialog: your way through college. So maybe
dialog: you're more intelligent than me
dialog: because you had a little more
dialog: school, but what have you done with
dialog: your fabulous education? Huh?
dialog: You're like me! Still lost, trying to
dialog: find who the hell you are. and while
dialog: you wait for the ‘great’ answer all
dialog: you do is party in the same clubs as
dialog: me, so what is your fucking problem
dialog: that you have to lay this shit on me.
dialog: 68.
text: Coroline is desperate. Tears flow uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: And why are you saying I'm sick?
dialog: That's not true! It's not! Tell me
dialog: you were just making it up. Tell me
dialog: it's not true!
text: Lucy is still silent, typing away.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Look at me whenT talk to youllll!
text: Lucy prints out a page in Chinese. She grabs the page, jumps up
text: and thrusts it toward Caroline.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Here... It's a prescription. Go to the
dialog: pharmacy and start your treatment.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Since when do you speak Chinese?!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (honestly)
text: About one hour.
text: Bemused, Caroline holds the prescription in her fingertips.
text: Trembling.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Lucy... I don't understand any of
dialog: this.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: (gently)
dialog: T know, but do what I told you. Pull
dialog: some pants on and go down to the
dialog: pharmacy. I don't want you to die.
text: Lucy means it, but she’s ina hurry and turns back to the laptop.
text: Ina daze, Caroline pulls on some jeans and heads out.
text: On the laptop, Lucy seems to have found what she was looking
dialog: for.
text: A photo pops up.
dialog: We recognize Professor Samuel Norman of Boston University.
scene_heading: INT. PROFESSOR NORMAN'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 35
text: The Professor sits at the table, holding a report in one hand and
text: finishing of f his lasagna with the other.
text: The phone rings. The Professor looks surprised.
text: He stands and goes into the small living room to answer the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: INT. LUCy’S APARTMENT - DAY 36
text: Lucy sits at the laptop, She has an earpiece in.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Professor Norman.? My name’s Lucy.
dialog: T've just read all your research on
dialog: the human brain. We need to meet.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: All my research? I'm flattered,
dialog: young lady, but I find you a little
dialog: presumptuous. I must have written
dialog: no less than --
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: 6,734 pages. I can recite them to
dialog: you by heart, if you wish,
text: The Professor smiles and sits ina chair.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Who is this? Are youa friend of
dialog: Emily's? This sounds like one of her
dialog: silly little jokes. Is she with you?
text: The TV in the living room switches on all by itself.
text: Lucy's face, filmed by the laptop's webcam, appears.
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: No, I'm all on my own.
text: The Professor is stunned.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I just told you.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Yes, Lucy, sorry...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I've read your theory on the use of
text: the brain’ ity.
dialog: e brain's capacity
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a little rudimentary but you're
text: on the right track.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (dumbstruck)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Look, I don't have much time. My
text: cells are reproducing at a
dialog: phenomenal speed. Several million
dialog: per minute. I'm still having trouble
dialog: precisely evaluating the time of my
dialog: death, but I doubt I'll hold out
text: more than 48 hours.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What are you talking about? I... I'm
dialog: not sure I follow you.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Due to a convergence of
dialog: circumstances beyond my control, I
dialog: absorbed a substance that gives me
dialog: access to 28% of my cerebral
dialog: capacity, and counting. I've gained
dialog: 5% in the last three hours because
dialog: once you reach 20%, you have
dialog: enough capacity to open up the rest.
dialog: There are no more obstacles. They
dialog: fall one after the other, like
text: dominos. I'm colonizing my brain
text: minute by minute. The knowledge
dialog: that's in me explodes every
dialog: second...
text: There's ahint of sadness in Lucy's voice. Regret.
text: The Professor is simultaneously concerned and fascinated.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Look, I... I don't know what to say...
dialog: I've been working on this theory for
dialog: twenty years, but it's only ever
dialog: been hypotheses and research
dialog: ideas. I never thought... I mean...
dialog: That one day somebody... You have
dialog: control of your body?
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: Yes. And I'm starting to control
dialog: other people's bodies. I can also
dialog: control electric and magnetic
text: waves. Not all of them, just the
dialog: most basic--radio, TV, telephone...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (awed)
dialog: That's amazing.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What amazes me is that we've lived
dialog: for so long in such ignorance.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: You can feel... everything?
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: (hint of sadness)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: That must be unbearable.
text: Tears run down Lucy's cheeks. She takes one and studies it.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 37
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know no fear, pain, distress,
dialog: desire, grief or love anymore... And
dialog: it's a constant battle for me to
text: stay human. So it doesn't fade away.
dialog: To cling to a trace of what I was.
text: The Professor is worried for her.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: If you don't want to lose
dialog: everything, you have to pass it on.
dialog: All this astonishing knowledge, all
dialog: this learning you are acquiring can
dialog: help others, the whole of humanity.
dialog: You have to pass on your knowledge,
dialog: like a simple cell would to keep
text: going through time.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (pensive)
dialog: Time... Yes...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: T'll be at your door in 12 hours.
text: She hangs up.
text: The Professor sits totally dazed, trying to get his head around
dialog: what's just happened.
scene_heading: INT. TAIPEI AIRPORT - DAY 37
text: Lucy has changed. She walks through Taipei airport.
text: Her eye scans headlines of Chinese newspapers. She's all over the
dialog: front pages. Wanted!
text: Suddenly, her hair gets longer and becomes black and straight.
text: She pulls on dark glasses and dials a number on her cellphone.
dialog: 38
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. PARIS POLICE DEPARTMENT 38
text: Three cops are laughing about an assignment when the phone
text: rings on PIERRE DEL RIO's desk. Del Rio is 30ish, witha
text: likable expression that more cops should try.
text: He sits on the edge of his desk and agswers.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sorry to bother you, captain, but
dialog: Tve received a strange call from an
dialog: American citizen living in Taiwan. A
text: young woman. She claims to have
text: information on a major drug ring.
text: Pierre's curiosity is aroused. A little.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (jokily)
dialog: Is she pretty?
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Hard to say. On the telephone, she
text: has a gentle voice.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: A-ha! I'll take the call.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Shall I tape it?
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Putting her through.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Okay... Hello?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Hello. I have important information
text: about a gang of drug traffickers.
dialog: I'd like to speak to someone ina
dialog: position of authority.
text: Pierre shrugs. Chances are, this is a hoax.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Okay, you have great timing.
dialog: There's nobody in this office with
dialog: more authority than me. But let's
dialog: start at the beginning. What's your
dialog: name, young lady?
text: Lucy strides through the terminal building.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Lucy.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Really? Lucy's a pretty name. And
dialog: quite rare for an American, I
dialog: believe. To be called Lucy. But it's
dialog: very common in France. How did
dialog: that happen?
text: Lucy is in no mood for games. She stops in the middle of the
text: concourse and closes her eyes to gather her concentration.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A huge "30%" fills the screen.
dialog: 76.
text: The view enters the receiver, zips across the circuit boards,
text: then shoots up at the speed of light, through the airport roof
text: and out of the satellite dish.
text: With a bright flash, the view bounces off an orbiting satellite
text: and zings back to earth, France. Del Rio's of fice, His telephone.
dialog: Freeze-frame.
text: The view pans around the office.
text: The nameplate “Pierre Del Rio” on the desk. Unruly piles of
text: paperwork. A red pen.
text: Back on Lucy. She sighs.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Listen up, Pierre Del Riol First, sit
text: down properly at that desk of
dialog: yours, pick up the red pen to the
dialog: right of you and take down
dialog: everything I say.
text: Pierre freezes.
text: He glances around as if expecting to find a hidden camera
text: filming him.
text: Lucy starts moving again, headed for Customs.
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT'D)
dialog: There are no cameras, Pierre.
dialog: Hurry up, I have no time to waste.
text: Del Rio is shocked.
text: His buddies are too busy cracking jokes to notice anything.
text: He walks around his desk and sits down. Picks up the red pen.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Go ahead,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I'm going to send you the details of
text: four people about to arrive on
text: European soil. Each one is carrying a
dialog: kilo of a new and extremely
dialog: dangerous drug. You must arrest
dialog: them, and find and destroy the
dialog: drugs.
text: Pierre takes notes.
text: Lucy hands her passport to the Customs Officer.
text: Asniffer dog ambles over.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Okay... What form are the drugs in?
dialog: Bars? Capsules?
dialog: Lucy
text: Powder. In plastic packets hidden in
dialog: their intestines. Make sure they
dialog: don't split open when you take them
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Pardon me?
text: Lucy lowers her dark glasses.
text: The dog recoils, its tail between its legs.
text: Lucy nudges her glasses back up her nose.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: The product is very powerful.
dialog: Believe me.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 78.
text: Del Rio's police computer cranks into action without him touching
text: it. The resumés of the four mules flash up on screen.
speaker_heading: LUcy (CONT'D)
dialog: Got it?
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Good.
text: Lucy hangs up. Del Rio is stunned.
scene_heading: INT. PARIS AIRPORT - DAY 39
text: LOUIS BERTRAND, one of the young mules we saw in Taipei, is
text: also coming through Customs.
text: Up ahead, Capt. Pierre Del Rio nods to the Customs Officials,
text: who immediately pull over the mule. Louis acts surprised, but he
text: is shaking guiltily.
text: Not far away, two Chinese guys watch their merchandise is
text: taken from under their noses.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN AIRPORT - DAY 40
text: Ateam from the Anti-Drogen-Gruppe arrests another of the
text: mules we saw in Taipei, as he stands in line at Customs.
text: Another Chinese guy looks on in dismay, powerless to intervene.
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. AMSTERDAM AIRPORT - DAY 41
text: The Dutch mule encounters the same fate Amsterdam airport.
text: Another Chinese gangster watches and scowls.
scene_heading: INT. ROME AIRPORT - DAY 42
text: The Italian mule comes through Customs, but is hauled over by
text: two Carabinieri. He shows them his passport and, suddenly,
text: makes a run for it.
text: His escape bid is cut short by the numerous plain-clothes
text: officers in the terminal building.
text: MARCO, head of the narcotics unit, yells orders to his men and
text: pulls out his cellphone.
scene_heading: INT. PARIS POLICE DEPARTMENT - DAY 43
text: The place is buzzing. Del Rio answers the phone.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Del Rio.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (Italian accent)
dialog: This is Captain Marco Lurhesi.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Yes! Thanks for calling me back.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: We took delivery of your package.
dialog: Two hours late, but it got here in
dialog: the end.
dialog: 44
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Great! Thanks very much. I'll send
dialog: through the paperwork for the
dialog: transfer.
text: Pierre hangs up and grins.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO (CONT'D)
dialog: (to one of his men)
dialog: We got all four of them.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - DAY 44
text: The Fasten seat be/ts sign comes on.
text: A message crackles over the loudspeakers.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we are now
dialog: beginning our descent to Paris. All
dialog: electronic devices must be
dialog: switched off...
text: AFLIGHT ATTENDANT with her smile as firmly in place as
text: her hair walks up the first-class aisle checking people have
text: belted up.
text: She stops beside Lucy, who has two laptops in front of her and
text: types on both at the same time.
text: The Flight Attendant pauses.
dialog: She's seen some financial whizkids on this flight, but none like
dialog: this one.
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Miss, T have to ask you to put away
dialog: your computers now.
dialog: 81.
text: Lucy is engrossed in the thousands of items of coded
text: information scrolling past her eyes. It's illegible for any normal
dialog: human being.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Miss?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (riveted to the screen)
dialog: You should wipe your nose.
text: The Flight Attendant doesn't understand.
text: A drop of blood appears in one nostril.
text: The woman touches her nose and realizes she's bleeding.
text: Slightly flustered, she scurries away. Lucy keeps working.
text: Up ahead, in the galley, the Flight Attendant talks animatedly
text: to her co-workers, Points toward Lucy.
text: The CABIN MANAGER decides to take matters in hand and
text: comes over.
speaker_heading: CABIN MANAGER
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Miss, you really need to shut down
dialog: your computers now.
text: Lucy puts her finger to her mouth, hushing him.
text: On her screens, Lucy finally reaches the end of the coded signs,
text: gives a little satisfied sigh and gently closes both laptops.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: Twenty-five centuries of
dialog: knowledge in eleven hours. I
dialog: couldn't go any faster.
dialog: 82.
text: The Cabin Manager smiles uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: CABIN MANAGER
dialog: Congratulations.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Thanks, I think I'll have a glass of
dialog: champagne to celebrate.
speaker_heading: CABIN MANAGER
dialog: Coming right up. If you could put
dialog: your table up in the meantime...?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: With pleasure.
text: Lucy casually tosses the laptops on the floor. The Businessman
text: next to her looks appalled.
text: Lucy peers out the window at the French countryside below.
text: The moon is still partially visible in the blue sky.
text: An awed smile flickers on Lucy's lips.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Prehistoric Lucy breaks into the same awed smile.
text: She's sitting on a rock, at the entrance to her cave, observing
dialog: the moon.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
text: The Cabin Manager brings Lucy her champagne.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you.
text: He walks away. Lucy raises her glass ina silent toast. All alone.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A huge "40%" fills the screen.
text: Lucy downs the champagne in one. Heaves a sigh.
text: There's something in her glass.
text: She peers into it and sees she has lost a tooth.
text: Lucy looks alarmed. She gives a little cough and spits into her
text: hand. Three more teeth nestle in her palm.
text: Lucy feels panic overwhelming her.
text: She stares at her hands.
text: The veins are enormous, pulsating in sync with her heart.
text: She touches the backs of her hands,
text: The skin comes away, revealing the veins and flesh.
text: Soon her fingertips disintegrate as if each cell is now
text: independent, like a pear! necklace after the chain breaks.
text: Lucy's fingers morph into thousands of little balls floating in
text: front of her. Lucy is horrified.
text: She scrambles to unbuckle her seat belt, hauls herself up and
text: staggers to the restroom.
text: The Cabin Manager sees her.
speaker_heading: CABIN MANAGER
dialog: Miss! You must remain seated!
dialog: Please --
text: He suddenly realizes that Lucy's body is falling to pieces!
text: Before he can say or do anything, Lucy raises her hand, and the
text: vibrations from it are enough to send him flying ten meters
dialog: back .
text: Lucy locks herself in the restroom.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 84,
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM 45
text: Lucy can barely control her body. Each cell seems to have a life
text: of its own. Her hands and hair are out of control. Even her eyes
text: start wandering across her face.
text: She can't keep her mouth in place.
text: Lucy tries the best she can to gather all the cells escaping
text: from her, To no avail. In fact, it only gets worse.
text: Panic-stricken, Lucy starts screaming from her big deformed
dialog: mouth.
text: Suddenly, without warning, Lucy's whole body explodes into
text: thousands of tiny balls, which bounce of f the walls of the room,
text: like a swarm of bees that has gone mad.
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT.
scene_heading: INT. PARIS AIRPORT - DAY 46
text: CLOSE ona man’s hand flicking through a passport.
text: He stops at the page with Lucy's photo on it.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Lucy.
dialog: (to an officer)
dialog: How much of the drug was she
dialog: carrying?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
text: An open pouch. About 700 grams.
text: The OFFICER holds out a ziplock bag with about fifty grams
text: inside. Intrigued, Del Rio peers at the substance.
dialog: 47
dialog: 85.
text: He turns to a DOCTOR.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Did she have a scar on her lower
dialog: stomach?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: Yes. A fresh one. She still had the
text: stitches.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: She's our girl! How is she?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: Fine for now. She's sleeping and
dialog: after the shot I gave her, she won't
dialog: be waking up any time soon.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT MEDICAL FACILITY - DAY 47
text: One eye flits open. The iris changes rapidly several times, like
text: a kaleidoscope.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A huge "60%" fills the screen.
text: Lucy sits up and scans the room around her. Lucy lies ona
text: gurney. She has a drip attached to her arm.
text: She looks in pretty good shape for someone who's just
text: swallowed her second A-bomb.
text: Lucy reaches up to touch her forehead, but handcuffs restrain
text: her. She is cuffed to the steel frame.
text: ANURSE enters and stops in her tracks, amazed to see that
text: Lucy is awake. She rushes out again.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 48 INT. OFFICE, ATRPORT - DAY 48
text: ‘The Nurse rushes in and blurts out to the Doctor:
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Doctor, she’s awake!
speaker_heading: -DOCTOR
dialog: (dubious)
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: | Well, she's sitting up in bed.
text: Del Rio and the Doctor hurry out, followed by three police
dialog: officers.
scene_heading: 49 INT. HALLWAY - DAY 4g
text: Del Rio leads the group down a hallway.
speaker_heading: | DEL RIO
dialog: (to his deputy, Daniel)
dialog: Tell Menard we're moving. I want a
text: high-security convoy.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Got it.
text: DANIEL dials a number on his cellphone.
text: ‘Suddenly, at the end of the hallway, Lucy calmly emerges from
text: her room. Calmer than we have ever seen her.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: | There she is!
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Miss!
text: ‘Lucy looks up at him.
text: [Instinctively, all the cops draw and level their guns on her.
text: ‘One of them calls for backup.
text: |Plain-clothes customs officers size up the situation and reach
dialog: [for their hardware also, so that about twenty people all over
text: ithe hallway are pointing guns at Lucy.
dialog: |
speaker_heading: DEL RIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Freeze! And put your hands up!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: T need to talk to you alone.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: And I need you to put your hands up.
text: Lucy stares at him without emotion, She halfheartedly raises
text: ‘one hand and, suddenly, the two dozen cops in the hallway
text: collapse as if someone had simply switched them off.
text: Del Rio stands there alone with his pathetic pea-shooter. As she
text: ‘begins to walk towards him. Del Rio is stunned. But he still
text: doesn't lower his gun. Until she is six inches in front of him.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Did you get the other packets?
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: ' Yes.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: \ Where are they?
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Safe. Here in Paris.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You need to destroy it all fast.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Unfortunately, that's out of my
dialog: hands. I don't have the power to
dialog: make decisions like that.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL, PARTS - DAY 50
text: ‘A police van swings into the courtyard.
text: ‘The four handcuffed mules are ushered out.
text: Acar pulls up outside, occupied by four Chinese guys.
text: ‘One of them, TSUL, observes events in the courtyard.
text: The mules are led inside one wing of the hospital.
text: ‘Tsui dials a number and starts to talk.
scene_heading: INT. CAR, PARTS - DAY 51
text: Del Rio drives an unmarked car with a magnetic blue light on the
text: “roof.
text: Lucy sits next to him and watches Paris flash by.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: I'm a bit confused by all this.
dialog: 89.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Not as muchas I am.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: May I ask what happened to you?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'm in the process of becoming
dialog: intelligent.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Sounds like a good thing to me.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: It's the most horrible thing that's
dialog: ever happened to me! It's like
text: becoming an adult and leaving
dialog: childhood behind.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (to make conversation)
dialog: My childhood was pretty
dialog: complicated. I joined the police
dialog: department when I was 18 to
dialog: escape all that. So I was actually
text: quite pleased to become an adult.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You're not.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Not what?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: An adult. You're a baby. As fragile
dialog: as humanity.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (smirks)
dialog: Really? Humanity's fragile?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (stares out the window)
text: As fragile as a bubble of soap.
text: Del Rio stops at a red light.
text: | Lucy glances at a man on the phone.
text: ‘She automatically visualizes the signal he's receiving--a beam of
text: ‘green light connecting his phone to a satellite in the sky.
text: | She looks at the street up ahead. Thousands of beams of green
text: ‘light interweave. She can simultaneously see every telephone
dialog: | signal.
dialog: |
text: | Suddenly, one in particular catches her attention.
text: ‘Tt's a beam of red light.
text: Lucy is focused on the telephone signals. She begins to organize
text: all the beams using the window like the screen of an iPad until
text: _ she finds the red beam. Closing in on it, the red beam appears
dialog: ' to be made up of Chinese characters.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: May I?
dialog: |
text: | She scans the radio for a particular frequency.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Be my guest.
text: Suddenly, a conversation in Chinese echoes around the car.
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: DEL RIO (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that?
dialog: 52
dialog: 91.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: We're going to get there too late. I
dialog: should drive.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: That's not possible. This is an
dialog: official vehicle and we can't...
text: ‘Lucy has already jumped out and raced around to the driver's
dialog: side.
text: |Hurriedly, Del Rio shuffles over to avoid being sat on by Lucy.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, okay!
text: The car screeches away.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, HOSPITAL - DAY 52
text: | The four handcuffed mules sit in a waiting room.
text: | Two cops fill out the paperwork.
text: The GERMAN mule is more on-edge than the others.
speaker_heading: GERMAN
dialog: (to the cop)
dialog: Look, I'm a German citizen and I
dialog: demand to see a lawyer. It's my
dialog: right!
scene_heading: ROBERT THE COP
dialog: (seen it all before)
dialog: First, you're gonna see a doctor.
dialog: Believe me, it'll be way better for
dialog: your health.
dialog: (to his buddy)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 53
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: ROBERT THE COP (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm gonna see where we gotta take
dialog: them for surgery.
speaker_heading: CoP #2
dialog: Grab something for us to eat, I'm
dialog: starving.
scene_heading: ROBERT THE COP
dialog: Eating, that's all you ever think
dialog: about!
text: Robert exits and heads down the hallway.
text: iA cop standing guard watches him go. When the cop glances the
text: jother way, he finds himself eye to eye with the silencer of
text: ‘Tsui's gun.
text: ‘Another Chinese guy immediately disarms the sentry and
text: |hustles him into the waiting room.
text: ‘Before the two cops can react, they're dead.
text: ‘Asmall group of Chinese guys carrying attaché cases enter the
text: ‘waiting room, shutting the door behind them.
text: The empty hallway falls silent once more...
scene_heading: ‘EXT. STREET, PARIS - DAY 53
text: .. In complete contrast to Lucy gunning the car through the
dialog: streets of Paris.
text: Del Rio clings to the overhead handle.
dialog: 'He had no idea you could get such speed out of a police car.
text: Lucy is calm and focused.
dialog: 54
dialog: 93.
text: ‘She totally ignores red lights, yield signs, etc.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (petrified)
dialog: Do you always drive like this?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Tt‘s the first time I've ever driven
dialog: acar. I don't like them. They
text: pollute the atmosphere.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Yes, but if you drive slower, they
dialog: pollute less.
text: |Lucy doesn't answer and slaloms at top speed between two cars
text: ‘waiting at a stop light.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM, HOSPITAL - DAY 54
text: The Chinese guys hold guns on three of the mules.
text: |The last one, the German mule, is on the table.
text: 'ACHINESE DOCTOR is poised to open him up.
speaker_heading: GERMAN
dialog: Wait! Wait! My stomach is
dialog: extremely sensitive!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: T gave you a local anesthetic. You
dialog: won't feel a thing.
speaker_heading: GERMAN
dialog: T will! I feel the tiniest little thing!
dialog: I need a general anesthetic, Please!
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: TSUL
dialog: As you wish.
text: Tsui steps forward and, with the silencer on, shoots him
text: between the eyes.
text: ‘The three other mules are on the verge of meltdown.
text: ‘The Dutch guy begins to sob.
scene_heading: ‘EXT. CAR - DAY 55
text: Del Rio's car screeches to a halt outside the hospital.
text: ‘Lucy and Del Rio jump out.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: This way!
scene_heading: ‘INT. WALTING ROOM, HOSPITAL - DAY
dialog: 56
text: The Chinese Doctor carefully pulls a pouch from the Dutch guy's
text: gut. The mule is panting and snorting, staring at the ceiling.
text: The Doctor places the pouch in an attaché case next to two
text: other pouches.
text: ' An assistant is already busy sewing up the Dutch mule.
speaker_heading: TSUI
dialog: (to the Italian)
dialog: Okay, your turn.
text: | Just then, Robert the Cop enters, witha bunch of plastic-
text: wrapped sandwiches in his hands.
scene_heading: ROBERT THE COP
dialog: T got us -
dialog: 95.
text: He stops in his tracks, gawking at the scene of butchery in the
text: waiting room.
text: |He drops the food and reaches for his gun, but the Chinese beat
text: “him to the draw and riddle him with bullets.
text: |The Dutch guy yells out, and takes a bullet in the shoulder,
text: As usual, the Italian takes his chance to bolt for freedom.
text: A Chinese guy races after him and shoots the Italian in the
text: back. The dead mule slides across the floor and stops at Lucy's
text: feet.
text: Del Rio ducks for cover and pulls his gun out.
dialog: |
text: Lucy just stands there, with the Italian at her feet.
text: The Chinese guy doesn't shoot. He gazes at her. And collapses.
dialog: |
text: From inside the room, Tsui sees the goon collapse.
text: | He closes up the attaché case with the dope in it, and draws his
dialog: | gun.
text: | Adozen Chinese gangsters swarm into the hallway, leveling
text: their guns at Lucy.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: | A huge “70%" fills the screen.
text: She raises her hand slightly.
text: All the goons’ guns suddenly fly up and stick to the ceiling.
text: | The Chinese mobsters are dumbstruck. Their guns melt and
text: become blackish puddles stuck to the ceiling.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: (to Tsui)
dialog: It's time for you to choose: Learn
dialog: ' or die.
dialog: |
text: ‘Tsui hesitates and then... screams!
text: ‘His goons attack. Lucy dodges every blow and attack with
text: ‘precision and calm.
text: None of them even slows her down.
text: Soon, the dozen gangsters are sprawled on the floor and Lucy
text: _stands facing Tsui, who charges at her.
text: ‘He aims a punch at Lucy, who ducks it.
text: | She grabs his outstretched hand and shoves him brutally
text: | backwards. Tsui’s arm dislocates, popping grotesquely out of his
dialog: | shoulder.
text: _ Tsui screams in pain. Lucy takes the case from his grasp.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
text: Dying hurts but not as much as
dialog: | learning.
text: Tsui collapses in an unconscious heap.
text: _ Lucy comes back to Del Rio, who has stuck close to the Italian
dialog: | mule.
text: _ The poor cop looks totally confused.
text: Lucy hands him the case.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Open it.
dialog: 97.
text: | She hunches over the inert Italian and delves into the wound in
text: his belly with her nail, which has suddenly become long and
text: ‘sharp. She pulls out a packet full of C.P.H.4.
text: Lucy slips the packet into the case with the three other
dialog: packets.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: The full set. Let's go.
text: She closes the case and picks it up.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: I... I'm not sure I'll be much use to
dialog: you!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Yes, you are.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: What for exactly?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: To keep my humanity alive.
text: Lucy looks at him, then leans forward and tenderly kisses him.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: (so sweet)
dialog: How was it?
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Not bad. And for you?
dialog: 57
dialog: 98.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I can't feel a thing. Except that you
dialog: really wanted that.
dialog: Shall we go?
text: ‘With nothing better to offer, Del Rio just nods.
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSITY, PARIS - DAY 57
text: A group of scientists sits in a large room piled high with books.
text: ‘Professor Norman is in animated conversation with a colleague
text: when his mobile rings.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Hello?
dialog: Lucy (0.S.)
dialog: Lucy.
text: ‘Norman gestures excitedly to his colleagues.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (his hand over the
dialog: receiver)
dialog: It's her! It's her!
dialog: (to Lucy)
dialog: You... You're in Paris?
dialog: Lucy (0.5.)
dialog: Yes. I was a little delayed. Please
dialog: forgive me.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: No, no! No problem! Look, I'm not at
dialog: the hotel.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm at the University, where I took
dialog: the liberty of calling together a
dialog: few colleagues to discuss your case.
text: Top men in the field. Completely
dialog: trustworthy.
dialog: Lucy (0.S.)
dialog: Good thinking.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Do you... Do you think you could join
dialog: us here at the University?
speaker_heading: LUCY (0.S.)
dialog: With pleasure.
text: Just then, the door opens and Lucy enters.
text: Norman stares at her in awe. She hands Del Rio his phone.
text: ' The cop is carrying the attaché case.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (mesmerized)
dialog: It's a pleasure to meet you.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Likewise.
dialog: (motions to Del Rio)
dialog: Pierre Del Rio, my lover.
text: Now Del Rio blushes.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Oh? Nice to meet you. Let me
dialog: introduce my colleagues. First,
text: Professor Cantié, a neurosurgeon
dialog: who --
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I know everybody.
text: Lucy has no time to lose.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Oh, yes. Of course! Gentlemen, this
dialog: is Lucy, the first woman to... I
dialog: mean...
text: Aconfused murmur from his colleagues.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the scientists)
dialog: As I mentioned earlier, Miss Lucy,
dialog: for reasons that remain a mystery
dialog: to me, has unlocked certain parts of
text: her brain, offering her access,
text: apparently, to previously unexplored
dialog: cerebral zones.
text: Silence. The scientists are perplexed.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR #1
dialog: You have access to your RAM or to
dialog: your hard drive? Or both?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: All three. You're forgetting
dialog: collective memory.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR #1
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Can you give us a sample?
text: _ Lucy looks at the Professor and materializes all the vibrations
text: | coming from him. She connects up to them.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: Your daughter Gabrielle died aged
text: 6, run over by a car.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A dog runs across the road, followed by a little girl.
text: ‘The car has no chance of avoiding her.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
text: Professor ROBERT DAGUAN tears up.
text: He stares incredulously at Lucy.
speaker_heading: LUcy (CONT'D)
text: It was a blue car. Leather seats, a
text: plastic bird dangling from the rear-
dialog: view. Do you want the plate
dialog: number?
text: 'Daguan shakes his head. He's devastated.
text: Lucy hardly seems affected.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR #3
dialog: i How did you manage to access all
dialog: : this information?
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: Electrical impulses. Each cell in the
text: body emits a thousand per second.
text: | She raises her hand and makes her fingers stretch until they
text: ‘are improbably long.
text: | Her hand switches to three fingers, like a batrachian--a
text: remnant of bygone DNA.
text: The scientists are speechless.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR #3
dialog: And you can control them all? In
dialog: anyone you meet?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: No, but I'm getting better. Every
text: door that opens releases knowledge
dialog: that allows me to open the next one.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (remembers the lesson)
dialog: Like dominoes.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR #2
dialog: And... What stage are you at now?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I can control matter... Ona small
dialog: scale.
text: Lucy makes a sculpture on the table rise and hover in front of
text: “her. The sculpture begins to change, morphing into all kinds of
text: weird and wonderful shapes.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Breathtaking!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Yes, but I have to devote a lot of
dialog: my energy to slowing it all down.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Why slow it down?
dialog: | Lucy
dialog: To protect the humanity within me.
dialog: Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to
dialog: communicate with you anymore, just
dialog: like you can no longer communicate
text: with plants or animals. The gap is
dialog: too wide.
text: The professors are speechless, Del Rio is lost.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
dialog: All social systems that we have put
text: in place are a mere sketch, a child's
dialog: drawing. "One plus one makes two.”
dialog: That's all we've learned.
dialog: In other words, nothing! Because
dialog: one plus one has never made two.
dialog: There are in fact no numbers and no
dialog: letters. All that's just prehistoric
dialog: grunting. We have codified our
dialog: existence to bring it down to human
dialog: size, to make it bearable. We have
dialog: ' found a scale to make us forget its
dialog: unfathomable scale.
dialog: / Because we don't fear what we
dialog: don't know.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: Are you saying that “Fear" stops us
dialog: from going further?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Yes, it's a self-defense mechanism.
text: Lucy watch a screen, and images of a foetus growing appears.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT'D)
text: Only the fetus is devoid of fear.
dialog: It modifies its cells, manufactures
text: its bones, blood and tissue. It's
text: working on a titanic construction
text: site that it manipulates without
text: moving, without even existing.
text: Devoid of fear. Then, from the
dialog: moment of birth, the human being
dialog: closes the doors to knowledge one
dialog: by one, for self-protection.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (nods)
text: Like a frightened horse who can
text: only walk with blinders on its eyes.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Forget fear and you will have
dialog: unlimited access to all things, for
dialog: every cell knows and talks to every
text: other cell. They form a gigantic web
dialog: of communication, which in turn
text: forms matter. Cells group together,
text: taking one form, deforming,
dialog: reforming... makes no difference.
dialog: Humans consider themselves
dialog: “unique,” so they have rooted the
dialog: whole theory of their existence in
dialog: this uniqueness. Their whole world
dialog: and their mathematical languages
dialog: are a function of themselves. "One"
dialog: is their unit of measure. But it's
dialog: not. Life doesn't like uniqueness.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: But if humans are not the unit of
dialog: measure, if the world isn't
dialog: governed by mathematical laws,
dialog: what governs all that?
dialog: |
text: Lucy takes a deep breath and slowly lets it out.
dialog: ‘The truth isn't always easy to say.
dialog: Lucy
text: Film a car driving past on a highway.
dialog: Speed up the picture to infinity and
text: eventually the car will disappear.
dialog: What proof of its existence
dialog: remains? Time gives legitimacy to
dialog: its existence, Time, the only unit
dialog: of measure. It is the proof of the
dialog: existence of matter. Without time,
dialog: we don't exist.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (fascinated; to himself)
dialog: Time is unity.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Every single thing dematerializes
text: then connects back up, forming a
text: whole. Single, indivisible and
dialog: eternal.
dialog: 105.
text: | The scientists are in shock. Torn between bewilderment and
dialog: fascination. Between the real and the divine.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAGUAN
dialog: And God in all of this?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: When one doesn't know, it's
dialog: reassuring to imagine that
dialog: somebody somewhere knows.
text: _ Awkward silence.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Lucy... What do you intend to do
dialog: with all this knowledge?
speaker_heading: LUcy
text: Pass it on . Like a humble cell that
dialog: would strive to keep going through
dialog: time.
text: Norman smiles, delighted to have been heard.
text: Del Rio looks at Lucy.
text: His cop instinct tells him he's about to lose her.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A huge "90%" fills the screen.
scene_heading: 59 INT. LABORATORY - DAY 59
text: The scientists are in a University lab.
text: Del Rio dissolves the contents of the last packet of CP.H.4. ina
text: _pouch of physiological serum. The four pouches are hooked up to
text: ‘drips connected to Lucy's arms.
text: The scientists place sensors all over her body and activate a
text: swathe of monitors and apparatuses.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (slightly harassed)
dialog: Okay, we're ready, I think.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Good.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Are you sure you still need such
dialog: huge doses? You said that the doors
dialog: to knowledge were opening one
text: after the other.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: The humanity inside me will resist
dialog: and defend my body to the very
dialog: end. To attain the last few percent,
dialog: T have to force it--crack cells open
dialog: to their nucleus.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Oh? And then?
speaker_heading: LUCy
dialog: Then I'll stock pile all my
dialog: knowledge. Most likely it'll take you
text: a few decades to decipher it all.
dialog: It'll keep you busy.
text: The Professor smiles. But he soon becomes serious again.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: Lucy... All this knowledge... It will be
dialog: awonderful gift that you are giving
dialog: humanity.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Knowledge brings peace. Make sure
dialog: it belongs to the whole world.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: I'll try. I'm not sure those who
dialog: govern us will put it to good use or
dialog: resist the lure of profit.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: (amused)
dialog: T'll put it all away ina safe place.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: That sounds sensible but, in that
dialog: case, how will I ever know where
dialog: you've stored it all?
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: T'll let you know.
text: They share a smile.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR NORMAN
dialog: I know this probably doesn't mean
dialog: much to you anymore but... You're a
dialog: beautiful person, Lucy, and it’s been
dialog: a pleasure getting to know you.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Thank you.
text: Del Rio shyly comes over to Lucy
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (murmurs)
dialog: Are you sure you know what you're
dialog: doing?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: Can I do anything to help?
dialog: 109.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, yes, you can kiss me.
text: ‘And he does. He kisses her withall his heart.
speaker_heading: DEL RIO
dialog: (moved)
dialog: If I heard you correctly earlier, we're
dialog: gonna see each other again?
text: Lucy half-smiles.
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: Actually, we're inseparable.
text: Del Rio stands back and, one by one, Professor Norman opens up
text: the four drips. The substance in the pouches begins to flow into
text: Lucy's veins.
text: The scientists activate their apparatuses and cameras.
text: Standing by the wall, Del Rio fears the worst.
text: The substance seems to be taking effect. Lucy trembles
text: slightly, her face is gaunt and her pupils disappear.
text: Her arm stretches out to the keyboards of the computers. Her
text: hands sprout a couple dozen extra fingers, which spread out
text: “over the keyboards. The fingertips melt into the matter.
text: Reams of data flash up on every monitor in the room. Cables
text: emerge from the floor and ceiling like lazy snakes meandering
text: | toward Lucy and connecting to her.
text: The scientists are both mesmerized and a little concerned as
text: | their machines begin to overheat.
dialog: 110.
dialog: |
text: ‘Suddenly, the walls of the room shoot back 100 meters! The floor
text: gleams. Lucy redefines the room to her scale. The lab is now vast,
dialog: sparkling, medical almost.
text: ‘Shapes as black as night emerge from the floor. They look like
text: ‘carbon needles, black stalagmites several meters high. Thousands
dialog: of diodes flicker, These are next-generation computers -- that we
text: ‘might be inventing one hundred years from now.
text: ‘The assembled Professors watch in awe.
text: Lucy half-smiles, while her heartbeat seems to slow gradually.
text: When the vaive of her heart finally blows (with a deafening noise),
text: Lucy springs forward a kilometer or so. She is now in the city
text: center, but still in her chair.
text: Another clap of her heart and she springs 1,000 kilometers. She's
dialog: in Rome now.
text: ‘Another clap and she's in New York.
text: Suddenly, her heart stops. The picture likewise. Lucy reaches out
text: and turns an imaginary page. The picture slides to the left, a bit
text: ‘like an iPad window. The next image is the same but ona slightly
dialog: different timescale.
text: Lucy turns more pages, generating movement before her very
text: eyes, like a children's book whose characters are animated when
text: the pages are turned quickly.
text: Lucy's face lights up. She now has control of time.
text: With a big sweep of her arm, she makes images flash past. New
text: York's skyscrapers disappear and the city reverts to how it was in
text: 1900, with people's clothes and carriages from another age.
text: '- Lucy flicks quickly through the pages again.
dialog: 111.
text: New York is now no more than a swamp, home to a few Indians.
text: - Another leap in time and there are only dinosaurs paddling
text: through the marches.
dialog: - Another leap and we are seeing primeval forest with totally
text: unfamiliar vegetation.
text: Lucy takes a deep breath and gives another broad sweep of her
text: ‘arm. Everything suddenly accelerates: the Cambrian period and its
text: [torrential million-year rains passes ina few seconds. The Earth is
text: ‘no more than a volcano floating away in space.
text: Lucy is fascinated by everything she sees at each stage. The
text: Earth joins thousands of other stars in movement.
text: The journey in time takes us back to the origins.
text: Tunnels of stars, sidereal paintings that look like the accumulation
text: of cells we saw right at the start of the movie.
text: - Millions of stars fizz past, all in the same direction.
text: - The cells are now visible. There are around a hundred of them.
text: - The stars gather and converge ona single point.
dialog: - Only eight cells now.
text: | - The energy of the universe is concentrated and condensed.
dialog: - Only four cells now.
text: _- All the stars hurtle toward a single point. The energy is
dialog: _ unbearable.
dialog: | - Two cells.
text: - The whole Universe is now a phosphorescent ball.
dialog: 112.
text: L There is now... only one single cell, a single planet, a single iris, a
text: single world, A same circle with different colors.
text: - The Universe continues to shrink and disappears into a miniscule
text: circle. An iris. A cell.
text: Lucy is at the origin of the world, a spectator of the Big Bang.
scene_heading: - BLACKOUT -
text: - For several seconds, we remain in darkness, sidereal night. No
dialog: \picture or sound, just emptiness.
text: - Lucy weeps tears of joy and grief. Ultimate knowledge
text: necessarily provokes both.
text: - CLOSE on Lucy's heart. The enormous valve is about to close
text: again, like the massive door of a fortified castle.
text: _~ In slow-motion, the valve slams deafeningly shut on the ventricle.
text: Her heart is about to beat again. With the next clap, the Universe
text: explodes once more, and her heart swells once more.
dialog: - At top speed, we rewind the story, or fast-forward it, no
dialog: matter...
text: The original explosion, expansion of the Universe, formation of the
dialog: Earth, its oceans, the inception of life, civilization...
dialog: Ts the Universe perpetual motion? As regular as a heartbeat?
dialog: The history of a lifetime fits into a single heartbeat?
dialog: . Life stories and the history of the Universe are a single story
dialog: _ seen from agreater or smaller distance?
dialog: | And time is just a scale to measure the size of the story?
dialog: i cur TO:
dialog: 113.
text: The camera hurtles at top speed through periods and plains
text: toward Lucy, sitting on her chair in the middle of the lab.
text: The camera arrives so fast, like a car speeding into a wall, and the
text: impact is so violent that Lucy disappears.
text: Her clothes fall on the floor. She is nowhere and, most likely,
dialog: everywhere.
dialog: |
text: |She is now part of the Universe, part of this never-ending story
text: [that constantly lives and dies, like a simple cell.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Ahuge "100%" fills the screen.
text: ‘The scientists gawk, slack-jawed. They can't believe their eyes.
text: Del Rio is baffled, Silence settles on the room. Even the
text: computers fall silent.
text: Everybody stares at the inanimate clothes on the floor, the only
text: ‘trace of Lucy's passage.
text: The silence becomes oppressive.
text: _ Suddenly, Professor Norman's phone rings, startling everybody
text: in the room, He pulls it out of his pocket.
text: It's not a call, just a text. Signed “Lucy.”
dialog: It reads:
text: It's on Youtube.
text: | The Professor smiles, enthralled by this proof of his
dialog: | hypothesis.
dialog: |
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
