scene_heading: FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
speaker_heading: MACBETH
scene_heading: BEST ADAPTED SCREENPLAY
text: Todd Louiso, Jacob Koskoff, Michael Lesslie
dialog: Based on the play Macbeth
dialog: by William Shakespeare
scene_heading: THE WEINSTEIN COMPANY
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Adapted By
dialog: Jacob Koskoff & Todd Louiso
dialog: And
dialog: Michael Lesslie
dialog: Based on the play Macbeth
dialog: By
dialog: William Shakespeare
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD NEAR INVERNESS - DUSK
text: A small boy lies motionless on a RAISED PLATFORM. His eyes
text: stare up at us, lifeless. He has flowers in his hair and
text: surrounding his shrouded body, his hands folded on his chest.
text: A MEAGRE CROWD stands in front of this PYRE. To the fore are
text: MACBETH and LADY MACBETH. Their faces ashen with grief.
text: Behind them we see BANQUO and his son FLEANCE.
text: Lady Macbeth walks forward with a sprig of RED BERRIES.
text: Places them reverently on her young son’s dead chest,
text: fighting back tears.
text: After her, Macbeth carefully lays oyster shells over the
text: boy’s eyes. Then he scoops up a handful of black Scottish
text: soil and pours it over his son’s chest. Over his folded
text: hands. Sending him to rest.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD NEAR INVERNESS - LATER
text: The platform is ablaze, the smoke disappearing into the vast
text: landscape. Macbeth’s arm is around Lady Macbeth. Their faces
text: stricken. She lays her head on his shoulder, seeking solace.
text: He watches the embers and smoke of the pyre rise into the
text: darkening sky, transfixed by the sight. The camera follows
text: the smoke as it rises and becomes --
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE -- SAME TIME
text: MIST swirling around the mountains. FOUR DARK FORMS stand
text: watching the ceremony from afar. Women, all of different
text: ages. One is a CHILD, as young as the dead boy.
text: Their faces are scarified with unnatural marks -- the
text: decorations of a pagan belief. They hold primitive bone
text: CHARMS in their hands. They speak quietly. Calmly.
speaker_heading: OLDER WITCH
dialog: When shall we three meet again,
dialog: In thunder lightning or in rain?
speaker_heading: MIDDLE WITCH
dialog: When the hurley burley’s done,
text: When the battle’s lost and won.
scene_heading: YOUNGER WITCH
dialog: Where the place?
speaker_heading: MIDDLE WITCH
text: Upon the battlefield, there to meet with Macbeth.
speaker_heading: OLDER WITCH
dialog: Fair is foul and foul is fair.
text: Hover through the fog and filthy air.
text: And at that, the mist ENGULFS them as we --
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT:
speaker_heading: TITLES:
text: Civil war rages in Scotland
text: The traitor Macdonwald leads mercenaries against King Duncan
dialog: Few remain loyal to the crown
text: Macbeth, Thane of Glamis, leads a weary army
dialog: The king has sent him his last reserves
dialog: The war will be decided at the battle of Ellon
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: That same MIST floats across a plain embedded in the Scottish
text: mountains. Dark clouds are gathering in the sky above.
text: Out of the mist walks Macbeth. He looks years older now, his
text: face roughly bearded. A leader, a powerful and ferocious
text: warrior, his lean body cased in battered threadbare armour.
text: Behind him emerges his ROUGH ARMY.
text: They are soldiers hardened against nature by years of
text: fighting. Their WEAPONS hang heavily in their hands, their
text: scarce armour soaked in the showering rain. We recognise some
text: from the funeral, although time has clearly passed.
text: First among their ranks is Banquo, Macbeth’s sturdy second in
text: this war. His eyes, like the eyes of all of the men, are
text: fixed on something straight ahead across the plain.
dialog: Apprehensive.
text: A group of about THIRTY REINFORCEMENTS. They are little more
text: than boys, 14-16 years old. Virgins to war, they’re terrified
text: -- but also excited.
text: Macbeth and Banquo look at each other with concern: these
dialog: recruits are not what they were expecting. The difference
text: between the men and the boys is startling.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - LATER
text: Macbeth’s army checks and re-checks their weapons, the older
text: men doing it for the young boys, like fathers taking their
text: sons through a rite of passage. They smear the boys’ faces
text: with black soil to match their own -- war-paint.
text: Two BROTHERS from the virgin soldiers nervously laugh as they
text: daub each other’s faces.
text: A MONK crosses himself, his face also painted for the fight.
text: A YOUNG BOY SOLDIER (15) swallows down panic desperately.
text: More than the others he looks out of place in this battle,
text: unproven. His hands are shaking too hard to grip his own
text: sword and he drops it again and again, hopeless, as thick
text: tears stream down his face.
text: Nearby, like his men, Macbeth is readying himself.
text: Ritualistically his hands run over his weapons, preparing
dialog: each for its quickest draw:
text: A LONG-SWORD edged with dents; a BASELARD on his back; a
text: KNIFE coarsened with use; TWO DAGGERS sheathed on either side
text: of his waist. His body a machine of war.
text: He is wearing a tabard that marks him out as the leader of
text: this force. Sewn into it is the Scottish symbol of the
text: Rampant Lion and, smaller, the crest of his house, Glamis.
text: Tied onto the tabard are DOG TAGS from soldiers who have
dialog: fallen in past battles.
text: He looks down the line of his men, inspecting them. Their
text: fear palpably assuages at his presence: they owe him their
dialog: lives. Loyal.
text: Then, Macbeth notices the shaking Young Boy Soldier. He
text: starts down the line towards him. Each Soldier bows their
text: head as he passes out of respect. All the Soldiers and young
text: boys are wearing DOG TAGS marked with the same insignia.
text: He comes to a halt in front of the Young Boy Soldier and
text: takes him in. The boy stares up in awe, his tears stopped.
text: Calmly Macbeth rips a piece of fabric from his uniform and
text: picks up the fallen sword. Carefully he binds it to the Young
text: Boy Soldier’s hand, fast. Their eyes meet: it’s time.
text: At this, a dim noise becomes noticeable on the edge of
text: hearing. A RUMBLE. It is getting LOUDER.
text: One of the Young Soldiers tries to control his breaths, each
text: one catching in his throat.
text: ANOTHER of his young comrades vomits in fear.
text: ANOTHER chews his lip ferociously until it bleeds.
text: The TWO BROTHERS stand wide-eyed with terror. They face each
text: other, cajoling each other on.
text: A BEARDED SOLDIER mutters a prayer over and over again,
text: senseless now, stumbling over the words and re-starting.
text: ANOTHER repeatedly squeezes the hilt of his crude sword.
text: ANOTHER swings his weapon through the air, rehearsing the
text: coming strokes.
text: ANOTHER pounds his chest with his fist.
text: ANOTHER checks over his armour obsessively, its inadequacy
text: horribly clear.
text: The MONK breathes out evenly, a cross to his lips, his face
text: steadied by the effort of control.
dialog: And, taking his place at their fore --
text: MACBETH cuts his own hand. He picks up some of the Scottish
text: earth. Rubs it into the wound.
text: He then looks to Banquo and smiles. Takes his friend’s head
text: in his hands and kisses it hardily. Banquo nods to him.
dialog: Ready.
text: And, finally, Macbeth turns with the men to face:
text: A THICK, VAST BANK OF WHITE MIST
text: Across the plain. Impenetrable, its tendrils reaching out
text: ravenously around their legs. RED EMBERS glow faintly from
text: its depths like demonic eyes.
text: The rumble is now shaking the ground.
text: FROM BEHIND: we see their line silhouetted against this wall
text: of mist. Men and boys facing down Hell itself.
text: Then, slowly, Macbeth starts forward at a walk. We TRACK in
text: behind him in as the soldiers hold the line.
text: The rumble grows DEAFENING. The red embers glowing ever more
dialog: fiercely.
text: Macbeth raises the sword aloft and begins to jog forward now.
text: We TRACK with him as he breaks to a RUN, a sprint, wild as --
text: SHADOWS start to appear from within the bank of mist.
text: Unnatural forms, terrifying.
text: The swirls around Macbeth thicken. The rumble quakes hard and
text: he suddenly looses a guttural WAR-CRY which echoes across the
text: field. Banquo and the other men JOINING HIM, the sound
text: fierce, like crashing waves -- all of the men one with
text: Macbeth, an army joined by the sound as --
text: -- MACDONWALD’S ARMY of mercenary Norwegians thunders out of
text: the mist towards them, a TERRIBLE POWER, at least their
text: equal. And suddenly the two forces SLAM into one another:
text: Macbeth charges in, his BROADSWORD raised, ducking low to
text: shoulder a Norwegian out of his path. Almost in the same
text: movement he leaps forward and slices at an oncoming Norwegian
text: who wields a weapon made of bone and an axe. But Macbeth
text: slashes across his chest and punches him into the ground.
text: Recovering quickly, Macbeth turns and brings down a Norwegian
text: Archer who is drawing back an arrow. Hits the bow out of his
text: hands and follows up with a fatal thrust to his chest.
text: Macbeth takes down two more Norwegians: a flurry of fatal
text: stabs and slashes.
speaker_heading: ELSEWHERE:
text: One of the Brothers seen earlier is on the ground, his guts
text: already cut. The other brother stands over him in
text: bewilderment.
text: Banquo slices his blade across the throat of a Norwegian
text: Soldier and turns to aid Macbeth.
text: A Scottish Soldier (SEYTON) has his arm hacked off by a
text: Norwegian. ANOTHER takes a punch to the face as...
scene_heading: AT THE FRONT:
text: Macbeth kills a Norwegian and looks round -- to see the Young
text: Boy Soldier on the ground fifteen feet away, a Norwegian
text: raising his weapon over him for a killing strike.
text: Macbeth hurtles towards the fallen boy, breath pounding, and -
text: - SMASHES down the Norwegian just in time. He hauls the Young
text: Boy Soldier to his feet and turns away.
text: As he does so, however, he catches a glimpse of something
text: across the field -- and STOPS DEAD.
text: FOUR FORMS are watching from the edges of the battle. Utterly
text: motionless. As if watching him and him alone.
text: The chaos around Macbeth seems to SLOW, stilling for a
text: moment. Macbeth stands entranced, something about these
text: WITCHES hypnotising him. As around him --
text: A soldier is stuck in a loop, stabbing a Norwegian’s dead
text: body again and again.
text: The Monk dies on the ground, his cross fallen from his hand.
text: The YOUNG BOY SOLDIER is grabbed from behind. Silently, an
text: ENEMY SOLDIER draws a rough blade across the boy’s neck. The
text: boy yells out mutely. And, suddenly --
text: A Norwegian SLAMS INTO Macbeth from the side, kicking the
text: action back into breakneck speed.
text: Macbeth spins, counters with his broadsword, then pulls his
text: half-sword from his back and kills the attacker. Glances
text: round again to where the Witches stood...
text: But the Witches have VANISHED. Replaced now in the reddened
text: haze by a SCOTTISH LORD directing the invaders against his
dialog: own kind.
text: He wears a tabard like Macbeth’s, but the crest of the lion
text: is almost obscured with Norwegian charms and he is flanked by
scene_heading: NORWEGIAN GUARDS.
text: The traitor MACDONWALD -- the enemy leader in this battle.
text: It's as if the Witches were drawing Macbeth towards him.
text: Another Norwegian lunges at Macbeth with a spear. But Macbeth
text: slashes him down and leaps over his body to kick a Norwegian
text: off a fallen comrade.
text: He surges forward towards his target, picking up Banquo at
text: his side. Back on mission now: if he can get to Macdonwald,
text: the battle will be over and this carnage will stop. He leaps
dialog: forward and...
text: Swings into the path of a huge NORWEGIAN BERSERKER, who
text: strikes him back hard with a flaming torch. Reeling, Macbeth
text: recovers, plunges his sword into the man’s chest. But ANOTHER
text: cannons into his side, knocking him to the ground.
text: Macbeth kicks out wildly, bringing the Norwegian attacker
text: down. Rolls to his knees, whips two daggers from his belt.
text: And in one fluid movement the Norwegian is dead.
text: Springing back to his feet, Macbeth forces his blade into
text: another Norwegian’s back. Then looks back ahead across the
dialog: battlefield --
dialog: 7.
text: He’s CLOSER to Macdonwald now. Only the traitor’s personal
text: GUARDS left between them. Macbeth races on, gaining ground.
text: Slices through one of Macdownwald’s Guards then buries his
text: knife in the chest of the next.
text: Carried forward by his own momentum, he stumbles. Hits the
text: ground, where his hand finds the axe of a Norwegian he just
text: killed. He swings it upwards, bringing down another enemy
text: just closing in. And as he moves, fluid, brutally balletic --
speaker_heading: LENNOX (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Doubtful it stood...
scene_heading: INT. KING DUNCAN’S TENT - DAY
text: LENNOX, a gnarled and battle-worn old soldier, kneels before
text: us. His face covered in blood and war-paint. Reporting the
text: battle as though narrating straight to the audience:
speaker_heading: LENNOX
text: As two spent swimmers that do cling together
text: And choke their art. The merciless Macdonwald from the
dialog: Western Isles
text: Of kerns and gallowglasses is supplied
text: And fortune, on his damnéd quarrel smiling,
text: Showed like a rebel’s whore.
text: KING DUNCAN listens, rapt. His clothes clean, his crown
text: immaculate, his sword decorative at his waist. But quickly we
dialog: slam back into the --
scene_heading: INT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: Macbeth takes out another knife from his leg strap and
text: plunges it into the leg of an oncoming Norwegian Guard, now
text: on his knees. He grabs a rock from the ground and smashes the
text: leg of another, bringing him down as he launches up again and
text: on. Closing in on Macdonwald for the final confrontation.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (V.O.)
dialog: But all’s too weak,
dialog: For brave Macbeth -- well he deserves that name —-
text: Disdaining fortune, with his brandished steel,
dialog: Which smoked with bloody execution,
text: Like valor’s minion carved out his passage
dialog: Till he faced the slave.
text: Macbeth charges through the final Guards -- dispatching one,
text: then another, and another, Banquo always at his side -- until
text: eventually he comes face to face with MACDONWALD himself.
text: Macdonwald is terrified. Defenceless now. He raises his
text: sword, trembling as Macbeth advances on him.
text: Then, gently almost, Macbeth takes Macdonwald’s sword by the
text: blade. Lowers it. A strange intimacy to the moment.
text: Macdonwald’s face slackens at the inevitability of what’s
text: before him.
text: Macbeth turns, taking in the carnage behind. His fallen
text: brothers. The slaughtered Norwegians. Then he meets Banquo’s
text: eyes.
text: And, in one swift motion, he spins, swinging with his
text: broadsword -- to DECAPITATE Macdonwald in one seemless slice.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (V.O.)
dialog: Which ne'er shook hands, nor bade farewell to him,
dialog: Till he unseamed him from the nave to th' chops,
text: And fixed his head upon our battlements.
text: Macdonwald’s body drops. A beat of silence, all of the
text: Soldiers on the battlefield watching. Then, as one --
text: Macbeth’s men BELLOW for their leader in victory.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: (roaring)
dialog: Hail Macbeth! Hail Macbeth!
scene_heading: INT. KING DUNCAN’S TENT - DAY
text: Lennox finishes his report as Duncan beams, triumphant.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: And to conclude, victory fell on us.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: O valiant Macbeth! Worthy Gentleman!
dialog: Great happiness.
text: Duncan kisses Lennox’s head. At this, a YOUNGER MAN enters.
text: Hooded, his face innocent but yearning for the test of
dialog: battle.
text: This is MALCOLM, Duncan’s son. Duncan leaves Lennox, kisses
text: his son’s cheek.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Whence camest thou, noble Prince?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: From Fife, great king;
text: Where the Norwegian banners flout the sky
dialog: And fan our people cold.
text: Assisted by that most disloyal traitor
dialog: The thane of Cawdor,
text: Malcolm steps aside to reveal:
text: THE THANE OF CAWDOR. A traitor, cowed, guarded by two clean-
text: cut soldiers ROSSE and ANGUS.
text: Duncan steps towards his captive. Cawdor lowers his eyes.
speaker_heading: CAWDOR
dialog: God save the King.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: (to Angus)
dialog: No more that Thane of Cawdor shall deceive our bosom
dialog: interest: go pronounce his present death.
text: And with his former title greet Macbeth.
text: Duncan lifts the gilded and decorative tabard from Cawdor's
text: neck and gives it to Angus. Angus bows:
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: I'll see it done.
text: Duncan turns back to Cawdor. Disdainful.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: What he hath lost, noble Macbeth hath won.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD NEAR KING’S CAMPSITE - MORNING
text: A cavernous valley. Cawdor’s lone figure stands some fifty
text: feet apart from Duncan and the rest of the royal retinue. His
text: arms by his sides. Strong, accepting.
text: Across the field, Duncan and Malcolm raise long-bows. And --
text: THEY LET TWO ARROWS FLY. The shafts soar through the air
text: towards the traitor, who braces himself as...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY (DUSK)
text: Twilight. Eerily quiet. The battlefield smoulders with the
text: carcasses and waste of the conflict.
dialog: 10.
text: The Young Boy Soldier's body lies dead in the mud. His face
text: drained of colour, but his eyes staring up as though still
text: alive.
text: Macbeth stands over him. Alone. A flicker of grief flits over
text: his battle-worn face. The boy an eerie echo of his own son.
text: Banquo and other Soldiers look on around him. Then...
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - LATER
text: Macbeth and Banquo haul the Young Boy Soldier’s body onto a
text: pile of their fallen comrades. Collecting the roughly marked
text: DOG TAGS and swords from the bodies of the dead. They turn to
text: collect up more corpses, readying their friends for burial.
text: A few other lone figures wander the landscape, also
text: collecting possessions from the slain soldiers or tending
text: wounds of those still alive.
text: Exhausted, Macbeth and Banquo heave another body down and
text: study the dead for a moment.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: So foul and fair a day I have not seen.
text: Banquo nods silent assent. They turn back -- and see a wild
text: dog scavenging on bodies across the plain. Macbeth picks up a
text: rock and whips it at it. The dog scatters.
text: Then, he stops.
text: In the distance behind the dog is a YOUNG GIRL. Near her,
text: three MORE WOMEN kneel over a fallen soldier. Their dresses
text: adorned with strings of crude bells, which peal faintly as
text: they move.
text: THE WITCHES.
text: They hunker down over the soldier’s body, which has been
text: stripped naked. The OLDER WITCH makes an incision at the
text: wrist with rusty knife, then begins to let the blood into a
text: leather pouch.
text: Macbeth takes note of the women with a bewildered look.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: What are these?
text: Banquo grabs for his sword, but Macbeth halts him. They take
text: a few steps toward the women, who take no notice.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Live you? or are you aught
dialog: That man may question?
text: At that, the CHILD WITCH approaches. Drawing close, she
text: starts playing with his dog tags, as though unaware of his
text: bewilderment. The others then stand and follow after her.
text: Macbeth pushes out a few more words:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Speak, if you can:
dialog: What are you?
text: The Middle Witch looks steadily at him.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE WITCH
dialog: Macbeth. Hail to thee, Thane of Glamis.
speaker_heading: OLDER WITCH
dialog: Macbeth. Hail to thee, Thane of Cawdor.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE WITCH
dialog: All hail, Macbeth. That shalt be King hereafter.
text: Macbeth stares. Dismayed that these women have called him by
text: name. Banquo, unnerved, looks to him:
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: Good sir, why do you start and seem to fear
dialog: Things that do sound so fair?
text: Macbeth does not answer. Banquo turns to the women:
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: My noble partner
dialog: You greet with present grace, and great prediction
dialog: Of noble having, and of royal hope,
dialog: That he seems rapt withal: to me you speak not.
dialog: If you can look into the seeds of time,
dialog: And say which grain will grow, and which will not,
dialog: Speak then to me, who neither beg, nor fear,
dialog: Your favours nor your hate.
text: The Witches look to each other, irritated. Then to Banquo
dialog: once more:
speaker_heading: MIDDLE WITCH
text: Hail, lesser than Macbeth, and greater.
speaker_heading: OLDER WITCH
text: Not so happy, yet much happier.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE WITCH
dialog: Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none.
text: Banquo stares at them, mesmerized. The Older Witch smiles
text: softly. She LAYS A HAND ON MACBETH’S FOREHEAD. At her touch,
text: Macbeth’s eyes lilt closed. And...
speaker_heading: OLDER WITCH
dialog: So all hail Macbeth and Banquo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/NAVE - DAY
text: A grand ceremonial hall. A CROWN is laid on Macbeth’s head
text: before a huge crowd. A Priest blesses his forehead and --
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DUSK
text: The Older Witch removes her hand. Macbeth’s eyes fluttering
text: still, as if lulled to sleep.
speaker_heading: OLDER WITCH
text: Banquo and Macbeth, all hail.
text: With this, the Older Witch turns away. The others follow and
text: they all begin to disappear into the mist.
text: Macbeth blinks, waking from his reverie. He starts after
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.
text: But the Women ignore his plea and continue on, becoming lost
text: in the fog. Macbeth hurries in pursuit, following the sound
text: of their retreating bells.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: By Father’s death I know I am Thane of Glamis;
dialog: But how of Cawdor? the Thane of Cawdor lives,
dialog: A prosperous gentleman; and to be King
text: Stands not within the prospect of belief.
dialog: No more than to be Cawdor. Say from whence
dialog: You owe this strange intelligence, or why
dialog: Upon this blasted heath you stop our way
text: With such prophetic greeting.
text: His voice is smothered by the dead air: there is no response.
text: The bells have FADED.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Speak, I charge you.
text: But they are gone. All is silent. Banquo materialises out of
text: the mist beside him.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
text: The earth hath bubbles, as the water has,
dialog: And these are of them -- whither are they vanish’d?
speaker_heading: MACBETH
text: Into the air; and what seem’d corporal,
text: Melted as breath into the wind. Would they had stay’d!
text: They are silent, repeating in their heads what the Weird
text: Women have told them. Banquo looks to his friend.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: Were such things here as we do speak about,
dialog: Or have we eaten on the insane root,
dialog: That takes the reason prisoner?
text: A smile rises to Macbeth’s lips. Considering the madness
dialog: these women spoke.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Your children shall be kings.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: You shall be King.
text: Pause. For a moment Macbeth appears to believe it. Then he
text: grins again.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: And Thane of Cawdor too; went it not so?
speaker_heading: BANQUO
text: To th’selfsame tune, and words.
text: They share a chuckle. But their unease at the strange
text: forecast is palpable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD CAMPSITE - DAY
text: Small fires burn, miniscule against the looming mountains.
text: Seyton, whose arm was severed during the battle, is being
text: treated. Macbeth and Banquo are holding him down. He SCREAMS
text: as the wound is cauterised with hot coals.
dialog: 14.
text: From across the cluttered campground, two cleanly dressed
text: young men approach on horseback: ROSSE and ANGUS, from the
text: King’s tent. They stand out, their armour showing no signs of
text: combat. They cannot hide their shock at the state of the
dialog: soldiers.
text: Banquo notices their arrival. Murmuring privately:
speaker_heading: BANQUO
text: The King hath happily receiv’d, Macbeth,
dialog: The news of thy success.
text: Macbeth looks up and sees the two Thanes for the first time.
text: They don’t get down off their horses.
speaker_heading: ROSSE
dialog: As thick as hail,
dialog: Came post with post; and every one did bear
dialog: Thy praises in his kingdom’s great defence,
dialog: And pour'’d them down before him.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: And we are sent
dialog: To give thee from our royal master thanks.
speaker_heading: ROSSE
dialog: And, for an earnest of a greater honour,
dialog: He bade me, from him, call thee Thane of Cawdor.
text: Macbeth stops at the words. He looks to Banquo for a second.
text: Dropping his voice, so as not to alert the surrounding
dialog: soldiers to their conversation:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: The Thane of Cawdor lives: why do you dress me
dialog: In borrow’d robes?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Treasons capital, confess’d and prov’d,
dialog: Have overthrown him.
text: Macbeth cannot respond. Rosse takes out an ORNATE BOX and
text: opens it, presenting Macbeth with CAWDOR’S STAINED TABARD.
text: Macbeth looks between Rosse and Angus, who smile back at him
text: expectantly. Finally:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Thanks for your pains.
text: Macbeth casts a final glance to Banquo. Then...
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD CAMPSITE - NIGHT
text: The Soldiers sleep in dug-outs right beside the fresh graves -—
text: - mounds marked by PILES OF STONES. In the dim light it’s
text: hard to discern the living from the dead.
text: Macbeth and Banquo huddle in the cold night air by a fire.
text: Talking quietly.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Do you not hope your children shall be kings,
dialog: When those that gave the Thane of Cawdor to me
dialog: Promis’d no less to them?
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: That trusted home
dialog: Might yet enkindle you unto the crown,
text: Besides the Thane of Cawdor.
text: Macbeth does not reply. Banquo smiles grimly.
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: But ‘tis strange:
dialog: And oftentimes, to win us to our harm,
dialog: The instruments of Darkness tell us truths;
dialog: Win us with honest trifles, to betray’s
dialog: In deepest consequence.
text: Macbeth isn’t listening: his head is now consumed with the
dialog: Weird Women’s prophecy.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD CAMPSITE - DUSK
text: Late. Everyone is asleep. But Macbeth cannot rest. He walks
text: past the sleeping bodies of his men towards a large pit,
text: which is filled with the bodies of his fallen soldiers.
text: On top of them all is the Young Boy Soldier. His neck is torn
text: open, his eyes sightless.
text: Macbeth kneels down by the Boy’s side, fixed by the sight. He
text: removes the Young Boy Soldier’s Dog Tags and attaches them to
text: his belt, where it joins the dog tags of the other fallen
text: men. Then gently places rocks over the boy’s eyes. Just as he
dialog: did for his son.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: This supernatural soliciting
dialog: Cannot be ill; cannot be good:--
dialog: If ill, why hath it given me earnest of success,
dialog: Commencing in a truth? I am Thane of Cawdor.
dialog: If good, why do I yield to that suggestion
dialog: Whose horrid image doth unfix my hair,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
text: And make my seated heart knock at my ribs,
dialog: Against the use of nature?
dialog: Present fears
dialog: Are less than horrible imaginings.
text: Macbeth looks around: everywhere, his exhausted men are
dialog: sleeping.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: If Chance will have me King, why,
dialog: Chance may crown me, Without my stir.
text: Macbeth takes out a bloody dagger and places it on the boy’s
text: chest, folding his hands over it in a ceremonial pose.
text: Then, he climbs out of the pit. Lights a torch from a nearby
text: fire and throws it into onto the bodies.
text: Flames begin to engulf the corpses in front of him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - DAY (DAWN)
text: The sun cracks the horizon. Macbeth leads his exhausted men
text: on foot through an endless, wind-swept pass in the mountains.
text: The horses are laden with equipment heavy equipment. One is
text: WHINNYING helplessly, stuck in the clay-like mud. Soldiers
text: try to tug it free with ropes. Macbeth turns to help.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - DAY
text: Macbeth’s men trek down into a cavernous valley. They are ant-
text: like in the spectral Scottish landscape.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - MORNING
text: Duncan, Malcolm and the rest of their royal retinue wait,
text: fresh from their night’s sleep.
text: Macbeth is marching his hungry, exhausted soldiers past them.
dialog: The difference between the two groups not lost on anyone
dialog: present.
text: Macbeth breaks from his men’s ranks and approaches the King
text: with a cloth-wrapped parcel. His eyes track over Duncan’s
text: weapons, noting their pristine splendour.
text: Suddenly Malcolm steps forward, barely able contain his
dialog: admiration of this hardy general:
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Hail Macbeth.
text: But Macbeth scarcely acknowledges him. Duncan smiles tightly,
text: registering Malcolm’s love of the war hero. The optics of the
text: moment are striking: the dirty, injured soldier and the well-
dialog: slept King in fresh clothes.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: O worthiest cousin.
dialog: More is thy due than more than all can pay.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: The service and the loyalty I owe,
dialog: In doing it, pays itself.
text: Macbeth holds Duncan's gaze for a moment before lowering his
text: eyes. Duncan nods.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: From hence to Inverness,
dialog: And bind us further to you.
text: Macbeth is taken aback by the command.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I'll be myself the harbinger, and make joyful
dialog: The hearing of my wife with your approach;
dialog: So, humbly take my leave.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: My worthy Cawdor.
text: Duncan takes Macbeth’s face in his hand. Affectionate, but
text: proprietorial. Macbeth glances uncomfortably towards MACDUFF,
text: a fellow general in the king’s retinue. Two warriors who have
text: not seen each other for some time. No love lost between them.
text: At that Duncan removes his hand. And Macbeth turns to leave --
text: tossing the cloth-wrapped parcel to the pristine Rosse. Rosse
text: looks up queasily:
text: MACDONWALD’S HEAD, cloaked in his tabard.
text: Macbeth pushes away with Banquo through the throng of Lords
text: and Soldiers, eager to reach his horse again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS - DAY
text: WIDE MOUNTAINS. Deep within them, we find a RUN-DOWN VILLAGE
text: at the foot of a valley: INVERNESS.
dialog: 18.
text: Populated by the families of men who have fought in the war,
text: the village feels depleted, forsaken. Rows of sturdy
text: dwellings cluster, a CHAPEL built largely from wood, a
text: CENTRAL PAVILION dominating. But the heart is missing. A
dialog: generation of this place lost to war.
text: On the village outskirts, crosses mark the graves of the
text: deceased. WOMEN till a field by hand, pushing a heavy plough
dialog: through the black earth. Their husbands lost to war, this is
dialog: their work now.
text: Throughout the village we see RED ROWAN BERRIES attached to
text: doors and woven into the villagers’ hair. Rudimentary wind-
text: chimes hang from every structure.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY
text: Light shines in through a cruciform hole in the wall of this
text: bare, makeshift church. On the floor, before a sparse altar,
text: sits LADY MACBETH.
dialog: The years since we last saw her have been hard. But she is
text: strong. Self-preserving. This is clearly a sanctuary for her.
text: In front of her lies the presentation box containing Cawdor’s
text: tabard. She lifts it from the box, revealing a LETTER from
text: Macbeth underneath. As she runs her fingers across the fabric
text: she begins to read...
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: ‘They met me in the day of success; and I
dialog: have learn’d by the perfect’st report they
dialog: have more in them than mortal knowledge.
dialog: When I burned in desire to question them
dialog: further, they made themselves air, into which they
text: vanish’'d. Whiles I stood rapt in the wonder of it,
dialog: came missives from the King, who all-hail’d me,
dialog: “Thane of Cawdor”; by which title, before,
dialog: these Weird Sisters saluted me, and referr’d
dialog: me to the coming on of time, with, ‘Hail, King that
dialog: shalt be!’
text: She looks up to a large cross above the altar. Determination
text: burning in her eyes. She speaks quietly, entreating:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Come, you Spirits,
dialog: That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here,
text: And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full
dialog: Of direst cruelty. Come to my woman’s breasts,
dialog: And take my milk for gall, you murth’ring ministers,
dialog: Wherever in your sightless substances
dialog: You wait on Nature’s mischief. Come, thick Night,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of Hell,
dialog: That my keen knife see not the wound it makes,
text: Nor Heaven peep through the blanket of the dark,
dialog: To cry, ‘Hold, hold!’
text: She looks from the cross to a tableau engraved into the
text: walls. Fearsome devils clutching human babies, stealing them
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (to herself, to Macbeth)
dialog: Hie thee hither,
dialog: That I may pour my spirits in thine ear,
dialog: And chastise with the valour of my tongue
dialog: All that impedes thee from the golden round.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/FIELDS - DAY
text: Macbeth leads his surviving soldiers through the fields,
text: approaching Inverness at long last.
text: The women tending the fields become alert when they see him:
dialog: none have yet received news of their husbands or sons. Their
text: children SQUEAL with excitement and quickly chase after him
text: back to the village.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - CONTINUOUS
text: Macbeth and Banquo draw to a halt, their remaining army and
text: laden horses behind them. As they dismount, Banquo’s young
text: son FLEANCE runs towards them.
text: Banquo smiles. He reaches down and grabs Fleance up,
text: clutching his son in an embrace.
text: Nearby, Macbeth just takes his weapons from his horse. Alone.
text: The Women of the village watch him in nervous anticipation.
text: Macbeth opens the bag with his dead soldiers’ swords and dog
text: tags. Then sees one WOMAN in particular and stops. She is 40,
text: angular, pockmarked, and extremely fearful.
text: Macbeth searches in the bag until he finds the sword he’s
text: looking for: it’s the Young Boy Soldier's sword, the fabric
text: still wrapped round it.
text: He slides off the fabric to keep for himself, then removes
text: the sword and brings it to the woman. She closes her eyes and
text: sags forward in abject despair.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - CONTINUOUS
text: Lady Macbeth waits in the middle of the meagre bedchamber,
text: watching the door. Sleepless with nerves. In her hands is a
text: ceremonial drinks set, prepared for her returning husband.
text: FOOTSTEPS sound from the walkway outside and she tenses.
dialog: Then...
text: The bedroom door pushes open. Macbeth, still in his armour.
text: Their eyes meet for a moment, neither sure how to close the
text: ground between them. Months of absence to recover in a
dialog: second.
text: Macbeth turns away, starts to pull off his rough armour.
text: Exhausted. Bruised. She tentatively steps closer to help him:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: Thy letters have transported me beyond
dialog: This ignorant present, and I feel now
text: The future in the instant.
text: Macbeth turns, meets her eyes, uneasy at her insinuation.
text: Neither of them move. The words hanging between them.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: My dearest love,
dialog: Duncan comes here to-night.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: And when goes hence?
speaker_heading: MACBETH
text: To-morrow, as he purposes.
text: Quietly, Lady Macbeth shakes her head:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: O never
dialog: Shall sun that morrow see.
text: Macbeth stares. Struck silent by the thought spoken out loud.
text: Lady Macbeth tentatively puts a hand on his shoulder -- but
text: he flinches away with the pain.
text: Undeterred, she eases off his remaining armour, trying to
text: find intimacy. He starts to sag with exhaustion, edging
text: towards rest for the first time in months. But instinctively
text: he resists it.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Glamis thou art, and Cawdor, and shalt be
dialog: What thou art promis’d...
text: Macbeth gently shakes her away, uncomfortable. He peels off a
text: bandage. Lady Macbeth stares at the wound beneath. Deep. Then
text: takes away his weaponry and hangs it on the wall, disarming
dialog: him.
text: He stands alone for a second, watching her. Until she turns,
text: takes his head in her hands and, gingerly, kisses him on the
text: lips.
text: Macbeth closes his eyes. A small, unconscious smile creeps
text: over his face. An old closeness. Home.
text: She takes his hand, trying to keep the tenderness, and draws
text: him to sit on the bed. Softly she dips a cloth into a bowl of
text: spiced water by the side and strokes at his wound.
text: He inhales sharply in pain. She continues to tend to him.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Yet I do fear thy nature:
text: It is too full o’th’milk of human kindness,
dialog: To catch the nearest way. Thou wouldst be great;
dialog: Art not without ambition, but without
dialog: The illness should attend it: what thou wouldst highly,
dialog: That wouldst thou holily; wouldst not play false,
dialog: And yet wouldst wrongly win.
text: She gently rolls him onto his side, revealing another wound
text: on his back.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: To beguile the time,
dialog: Look like the time; bear welcome in your eye,
dialog: Your hand, your tongue: look like th’innocent flower,
dialog: But be the serpent under’t.
text: He looks round at her.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: He that’s coming
dialog: Must be provided for. You shall put
dialog: This night’s great business into my dispatch.
dialog: Leave all the rest to me.
dialog: Which shall to all our nights and days to come
dialog: Give solely sovereign sway and masterdom.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: We will speak further.
dialog: 22.
text: Lady Macbeth kisses him again, warmly, more firmly now. The
text: strange intimacy crackles. Then she breaks away and lays him
text: down, stroking his head and easing him to sleep.
text: As she does, however, she notices something:
text: His hand is TREMBLING inadvertently. Like the Young Boy
text: Soldier's before the battle. He doesn’t seem aware of it.
text: Softly she takes it and presses it with her hand, caressing
text: it until the trembling ceases.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - DAY (DUSK)
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: DUNCAN'S SMILING FACE.
text: Duncan and his entourage of Malcolm, Angus, Rosse, MENTEITH
text: and OTHERS stare around at the rustic hardship of Inverness.
text: Their horses fill the whole village square.
text: Before them, LADY MACBETH and the rest of the villagers are
text: BOWING, all in their finest adornments. Each of the women’s
text: hair has been ceremonially plaited.
text: Lady Macbeth rises and approaches the King. She removes the
text: hood of her cloak, smiling gracefully:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: All our service,
dialog: In every point twice done, and then done double.
text: Duncan cups her face in his hand.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Give me your hand,
dialog: Conduct me to mine host. We love him highly
dialog: And shall continue our graces towards him.
dialog: By your leave, hostess.
text: He kisses her hand, then processes away led by his servants.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - DAY
text: Macbeth sits half-naked on his bed. Sleepless. Lost in his
text: troubled thoughts. His hand is STILL TREMBLING slightly,
text: though he does not notice it.
text: Outside, sounds of PREPARATION filter in. A FEAST being
dialog: readied for the King.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY
text: Lady Macbeth prays at the altar. She finishes, then starts to
text: soak a cloth in a dark liquid -- preparing a MIXTURE of some
dialog: kind.
text: She grinds herbs into it with a pestle and mortar as the
text: sound of CHILDREN SINGING bleeds in and...
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/PAVILION - NIGHT
text: A SMALL CHOIR OF BOYS AND GIRLS sings FAILTE DHUNNCHAIDH
text: before King Duncan, a tribute to their royal guest. Lady
text: Macbeth stands amongst them, leading the song. Maternal in
dialog: her pride.
text: This main tent has been transformed into a feasting hall,
text: open at the sides. Benches and tables line the space, Duncan
text: and his retinue seated at the head. The whole room is
text: decorated with berries and flowers, every effort made to turn
text: the bare tent into a space fit for the King.
text: The whole village has crowded in. Macbeth. Banquo. Fleance.
text: All watching in exhausted solemnity.
text: As the children finish their song, Duncan applauds
text: indulgently, smiling beneficence. The others follow his lead.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/PAVILION - LATER
text: Later. The party is sliding into debauchery, the King’s
text: soldiers smeared with fat from roasted meat, SINGING and
text: YELLING. Children have fallen asleep under tables or in their
text: parents’ arms.
text: Through it all, Malcolm just stares at Macbeth. Entranced. He
text: cannot take his eyes from him.
text: Abruptly, however, Duncan notices this and hauls himself up,
text: CALLING OUT loudly:
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Up, up!
text: They all obey, hushing instantly. Duncan looks out at all the
text: faces. Teary now. Drunk.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT'D)
dialog: My plenteous joys,
text: Wanton in fulness, seek to hide themselves
text: In drops of sorrow.
dialog: 24.
text: He puts his hands on his son’s shoulders.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Sons, kinsmen, Thanes --
text: His gaze lights on MACBETH in particular:
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And you whose places are the nearest -- know,
dialog: We will establish our estate upon
dialog: Our eldest, Malcolm; whom we name hereafter
dialog: The Prince of Cumberland.
text: Duncan sets a chair on a table and pushes Malcolm up towards
text: it. Awkwardly, Malcolm climbs up -- glancing at Macbeth as he
dialog: does.
text: Then, Duncan dips his fingers into a cup of wine and flicks
text: it on Malcolm's face, anointing him.
text: From the crowd, Macbeth watches. A single shadow of anger
text: passing over his face.
text: No-one notices -- except perhaps for Banquo.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (PRE-LAP)
dialog: The prince of Cumberland. That is a step
dialog: On which I must fall down, or else o'erleap.
dialog: For in my way it lies.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Macbeth stands across the square in the dark, looking in at
text: the bright interior of the tent from outside the chapel.
text: Inside the feasting tent, Duncan is laying ornamental
text: wreathes on the heads of some of the children who sung to
text: him. They stare up with awestruck admiration. He is their
dialog: god. Unassailable.
text: Macbeth’s eyes draw to his wife, who is kneeling amongst the
text: children. She smiles, full of happiness in their innocent
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: If it were done, when ‘tis done, then ‘twere well
dialog: It were done quickly. If th’assassination
dialog: Could trammel up the consequence, and catch
dialog: With his surcease success... That but this blow
dialog: Might be the be-all and the end-all here --
dialog: But here, upon this bank and shoal of time,
dialog: We'd jump the life to come.
dialog: 25.
text: He turns away, his mind torn with indecision:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: But in these cases,
dialog: We still have judgement here; that we but teach
text: Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return
dialog: To plague th’inventor: this even-handed Justice
dialog: Commends th’ingredience of our poison’d chalice
dialog: To our own lips.
text: Macbeth hits his head softly into the chapel wall. Going over
text: the argument again and again.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s here in double trust:
dialog: First, as I am his kinsman and his subject,
text: Strong both against the deed; then as his host,
dialog: Who should against his
text: Murderer shut the door,
dialog: Not bear the knife myself.
dialog: Besides, this Duncan
dialog: Hath borne his faculties so meek, hath been
dialog: So clear in his great office, that his virtues
text: Would plead like angels, trumpet-tongu’d, against
text: The deep damnation of his taking-off.
text: He draws in a breath, his mind settled at this.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I have no spur
dialog: To prick the sides of my intent, but only
text: Vaulting ambition, which o’erleaps itself
text: And falls on th’other.
text: He turns away. And as he does...
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/PAVILION - NIGHT
text: Malcolm’s eyes rove by Duncan’s side in the feast. Searching.
text: Macbeth’s chair is EMPTY.
text: Lady Macbeth enters with more food. She lays it down in front
text: of DUNCAN'S TWO GUARDS, filling their glasses with more wine.
text: As they clumsily toast her, drunk, she glances across to
text: Macbeth’s place -- and falters for a second, the absence
text: awkward. Quickly she hurries away.
text: Malcolm watches her. But Duncan fails to notice.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Lady Macbeth scans the village in the darkness. It seems
text: deserted, everyone in the pavilion. Then, she sees it: a
text: flame burning dimly in the chapel.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT.
text: Shadows flicker from a lone torch. Macbeth hunches forward in
text: a rough wooden pew.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Why have you left the chamber?
text: He turns. Lady Macbeth is staring at him from the doorway.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Hath he ask’d for me?
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Know you not, he has?
text: She moves to the altar. Determined. From underneath it, she
text: draws the pestle, mortar and herbs we saw earlier from their
text: hiding place and pours the mixture into a SMALL VIAL.
text: Macbeth rises to his feet. He steps up behind her and takes
text: her in his arms. Quietly:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: We will proceed no further in this business.
text: She stops. Macbeth presses on:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: He hath honour’d me of late; and I have bought
dialog: Golden opinions from all sorts of people,
dialog: Which would be worn now in their newest gloss,
dialog: Not cast aside so soon.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Was the hope drunk,
dialog: Wherein you dress'd yourself? Hath it slept since?
text: And wakes it now, to look so green and pale
dialog: At what it did so freely?
text: She turns to face him:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: From this time
dialog: Such I account thy love. Art thou afeard
dialog: To be the same in thine own act and valour,
dialog: As thou art in desire? Would’st thou have that
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Which thou esteem’st the ornament of life,
dialog: And live a coward in thy own esteem,
dialog: Letting ‘I dare not’ wait upon ‘I would’?
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Pr’ythee, peace.
dialog: I dare do all that may become a man;
dialog: Who dares do more, is none.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: What beast was’t then,
dialog: That made you break this enterprise to me?
dialog: When you durst do it, then you were a man;
dialog: And, to be more than what you were, you would
dialog: Be so much more the man. Nor time, nor place,
dialog: Did then adhere, and yet you would make both:
dialog: They have made themselves, and that their fitness now
dialog: Does unmake you.
text: She takes his face in her hands, beseeching.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I have given suck, and know
dialog: How tender ‘tis to love the babe that milks me.
dialog: I would, while it was smiling in my face,
dialog: Have pluck’d my nipple from his boneless gums,
dialog: And dash’d the brains out, had I so sworn
dialog: As you have done to this.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: If we should fail?
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: We fail.
dialog: But screw your courage to the sticking-place,
dialog: And we'll not fail.
text: She kisses him, almost nervous. Macbeth kisses her back, more
dialog: forcefully.
text: Reaching down, she then slowly starts to work him out of his
text: clothes. Taken by her actions, he pushes her back against the
text: altar and kisses her harder.
text: Their passion grows in intensity. They begin to make love.
text: Intimate. Desperate, but caring.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (breathless, almost
dialog: inaudible)
text: When Duncan is asleep, his two chamberlains
dialog: Will I with wine and wassail so convince
dialog: That memory, the warder of the brain,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Shall be a fume, and the receipt of reason
dialog: A limbeck only: when in swinish sleep
text: Their drenchéd natures lie as in a death,
dialog: What cannot you and I perform upon
dialog: The unguarded Duncan? What not put upon
dialog: His spongy officers, who shall bear the guilt
dialog: Of our great quell?
text: Macbeth gasps and hangs his head, finally spent. They stay
text: there a moment, still. Until, softly, she eases him out of
text: her. Kisses his lips. And he looks up into her eyes.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I am settled, and bend up
text: Each corporal agent to this terrible feat.
text: Away, and mock the time with fairest show.
dialog: False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
text: The NOISE from the banquet continues in the distance.
text: Outside the tent, Fleance is wrestling with another young boy
text: in the mud. The fight playful but deadly serious to the two
text: children. Fleance’s nose is bleeding and the Village Boy's
text: lip split.
text: Around them is a small CROWD of other local youths, all
text: cheering. Banquo is watching from their midst.
text: Fleance DUCKS a blow and grapples the Village Boy into a
text: stranglehold. The crowd JEERS as Fleance heaves him to the
text: ground, goaded on.
text: Eventually the Village Boy holds up his hand in submission.
text: Banquo grins with pride and steps in to help his son up. The
text: crowd filters away into the night, the entertainment done.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: Hold, take my sword.
text: Banquo hands his heavy iron sword to his son. Fleance takes
text: it in amazement, feeling its weight. Banquo smiles. Then
text: wraps his tabard over Fleance’s shoulder. Something seeming
dialog: to trouble him, now.
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: Take thee that too.
text: A heavy summons lies like lead upon me,
dialog: And yet I would not sleep. Merciful Powers!
dialog: Restrain in me the cursed thoughts that nature
text: Gives way to in repose.
dialog: 29.
text: At that -- Banquo hears someone approaching from behind. He
dialog: turns:
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: Who’s there?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (from the darkness)
dialog: A friend.
text: They tense. Then -- Macbeth materialises, a strained smile on
text: his face. Banquo exhales, relieved.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: What, Sir, not yet at rest? The King
dialog: Hath been in unusual pleasure, and
dialog: Sent forth great largess to your offices.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
text: Being unprepar’d,
dialog: Our will became the servant to defect,
dialog: Which else should free have wrought.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: All's well.
text: Banquo takes Macbeth by the side of his neck and pats him
text: reassuringly. Fleance just stares up at Macbeth in awe.
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: I dreamt last night of the Weird Sisters:
dialog: To you they have show’d some truth.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I think not of them.
text: Macbeth shrugs curtly and takes out his sword for Fleance to
text: spar with. Thrilled, Fleance raises Banquo’s sword and begins
text: to try blows, but even absent-mindedly Macbeth is too quick
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Yet when we can entreat an hour to serve,
dialog: We would spend it in some words upon that business,
dialog: If you would grant the time.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: At your kind’st leisure.
text: Macbeth smiles at him. Seizing the opportunity, Fleance
text: lunges forward in frustration and JABS MACBETH IN THE GUT
text: with his father’s sword.
dialog: 30.
text: Macbeth blinks at the boy in surprise. Fleance stares back at
text: him, shocked at what he’s just done. Then...
text: Banquo laughs. And Macbeth softens, laughing along too. With
text: a wave of his arm he gestures for them to return inside.
text: Banquo shoots a glare at Fleance, who continues only to watch
text: Macbeth. But as Macbeth walks inside...
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: If you shall cleave to my consent, when ‘tis
dialog: It shall make honour for you.
text: Banquo stops. Unsure how to interpret this.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: So I lose none
dialog: In seeking to augment it, but still keep
dialog: My bosom franchis'’d, and allegiance clear,
dialog: I shall be counsell’d.
text: Macbeth turns back. Chuckles uncomfortably, his eyes passing
dialog: from Banquo to Fleance.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Good repose, the while!
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: Thanks, Sir. the like to you.
text: Macbeth steps aside, gesturing Banquo and Fleance to continue
text: inside ahead of him. He watches them go, alone in the
text: courtyard, barely visible in the dark.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/PAVILION - NIGHT
text: Late. The pavilion is littered with the remains of the feast,
text: as well as some guests who have failed to find a comfortable
text: place to rest. Cats pick at scraps of food on the tables.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Duncan stumbles along a walkway, accompanied by his Two
text: Guards. They take up positions either side of the curtains,
text: themselves also drunk. Their eyes lilting to sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/CORRAL- NIGHT
text: Horses jostle uneasily in the overcrowded corral. A sharp
text: wind is gathering into a STORM.
dialog: 31.
text: The air is filled with the sound of the village’s wind-
text: chimes, animated by the growing gale.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Lady Macbeth prays in the chapel. Alone, lit by candles.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - NIGHT
text: Macbeth, meanwhile, is hunched down over a fire, his hands
text: moving soundlessly over his body as though checking his
text: weapons in his unconscious battle ritual.
text: He is wracked with indecision. Memories of war playing on his
text: mind like the dark shadows dancing on the walls. Memories of
text: his fallen friends. Of the Witches.
text: He drops his hands to his knees, redundant for a second. Then
text: instantly starts his ritual again -- but...
text: It’s no use. He gives up. Makes to rub his face, exhausted,
dialog: when suddenly...
text: He frowns, noticing something.
text: His hand is TREMBLING.
text: Unnerved by this trick of his body, Macbeth closes his eyes,
text: trying to banish the tension. He breathes out, then wearily
text: opens his eyes and...
text: Stops dead.
text: The YOUNG BOY SOLDIER from the battlefield is standing in the
text: doorway of the dwelling before him, watching him calmly. He
text: is pale as the grave, his cut throat now scarred over, as
text: though time has passed. But he seems corporeal. Real.
text: And, in his hands, is a DAGGER.
text: He is holding it out to Macbeth by the blade.
text: Macbeth stares. Disbelief edging into his voice.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Is this a dagger, which I see before me,
dialog: The handle toward my hand?
text: The Young Boy Soldier says nothing.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Come, let me clutch thee -
dialog: 32.
text: Macbeth walks towards him. Reaches out but -- the Boy steps
text: backwards out of the door away from him. He looks from the
text: dagger to the Boy’s face.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I have thee not, and yet I see thee still.
dialog: Art thou not, fatal vision, sensible
dialog: To feeling, as to sight? Or art thou but
text: A dagger of the mind, a false creation,
dialog: Proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain?
text: The Young Boy Soldier still does not speak. Just turns and
text: walks outside. Macbeth follows after him, mesmerised.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Macbeth treads out of his dwelling onto the long walkway.
text: The Young Boy Soldier is walking soundlessly ahead of him
text: towards Duncan’s tent. Low fires light their way.
text: The sound of the wind-chimes rises in intensity.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Thou marshall’st me the way that I was going;
dialog: And such an instrument I was to use.
text: WIDE: we see Macbeth stepping forward intractably, ALONE.
text: There is no Young Boy Soldier.
text: MACBETH’S POV: The Boy’s dagger is dripping blood. As if
text: beckoning him on.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Mine eyes are made the fools o’th’other senses,
dialog: Or else worth all the rest: I see thee still,
text: And on thy blade and dudgeon gouts of blood,
dialog: Which was not so before.
text: Slowly, rain starts to fall. Macbeth closes his eyes, trying
dialog: to calm himself.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s no such thing.
dialog: It is the bloody business which informs
dialog: Thus to mine eyes.
text: He opens his eyes again. And sees the Young Boy Soldier is
text: STILL WAITING FOR HIM by Duncan’s tent door. Expectant.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now o’er the one half-world
text: Nature seems dead, and wicked dreams abuse
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
text: The curtain’d sleep. Witchcraft celebrates
text: And wither’d Murder moves like a ghost.
text: Macbeth pulls himself up to his full height and steps through
text: the entrance into Duncan’s tent.
scene_heading: INT. DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
text: The Young Boy Soldier leads Macbeth towards the unconscious
text: two Guards in the entryway. He peers down at them on the
text: floor, studying their faces. A bell gently TOLLS.
text: Then, Macbeth kneels and takes the daggers from the
text: slumbering men. He looks to the Boy one last time.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I see thee yet, in form as palpable
dialog: As this which now I draw. Whiles I threat, he lives:
text: Words to the heat of deeds too cold breath gives.
text: We follow Macbeth through the curtain into Duncan’s inner
text: bedchamber.
text: Slowly, he steps up close to the sleeping king. Standing over
text: him, staring down. The man helpless in his slumber.
text: As if sensing him there, however, Duncan’s eyes softly
text: FLUTTER OPEN. Taking in Macbeth above him. The daggers.
text: A wave of recognition passes through his eyes -- the King
text: like a boy, vulnerable and fragile.
text: Gently, Macbeth places his hand over Duncan’s mouth. He
text: raises the knife’s point to Duncan’s chest. Duncan looks to
text: Macbeth for mercy one last time.
text: Macbeth pauses for a second. Then -- THRUSTS HARD, burying
text: the knife into Duncan’s heart. Duncan lurches forward in pain
text: but Macbeth holds him down.
text: He raises the blade again and begins to stab Duncan with
text: increasing force. Building into a frenzy, unable to stop
dialog: himself.
text: Duncan's body bucks with pain. But Macbeth still stabs. And
text: stabs. And stabs. Until finally, Duncan's body falls limp and
text: Macbeth gasps out, sagging with the exertion.
text: Macbeth breathes hard. Lost. Slick with blood. Gently, he
text: lays himself down by his dead king’s side. Craving rest.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT
text: The large iron chapel bell swings in the wind, tolling in the
text: dark.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/CORRAL - NIGHT
text: The horses grow wild at the gathering storm. One, more
text: skittish than the rest, WHINNIES in fear as the others start
text: to buck and rear. Their smooth backs shoving against each
text: other, trying to clear space. The posts of the corral coming
dialog: loose.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
text: A TORRENT of rain drenches the square. Duncan’s entourage
text: sleeping or passed out under the cover of the pavilion.
text: A thin stream of water descends the walkways of the village.
text: Chimes sounding out in the wind.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: Lady Macbeth’s face, eyes shut fast in prayer,
text: determined. She holds a STRING OF CHARMS in her hand, her
text: fingers worrying its beads. The rain HAMMERS outside. The
text: chapel bells RINGING out above her in the gale.
text: Fresh clothes are laid out at her feet.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - SOON AFTER
text: Through the cold night, Malcolm treads out of his dwelling
text: towards Duncan’s tent. Unable to sleep, something troubling
text: him in what he saw earlier.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Malcolm enters. He steps over the drugged Guards. Carefully,
text: slowly, he opens the curtain to his father’s bedchamber.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
text: The light of a small fire illuminates the King’s tent. But
text: when he enters, Malcolm’s face turns to a look of horror.
text: Duncan's body, unrecognizable, torn with gashes, lies in its
text: own blood on the bed.
dialog: 35.
text: The sheet is wrapped tightly around its head, red blotches at
text: its eye sockets, its white hands cinched at its sides.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: The spring, the head, the fountain of your blood
dialog: Is stopp’d; the very source of it is stopp’d.
text: Malcolm looks round in shock, to see:
text: MACBETH, sitting by the side of the bed. Still streaked in
text: blood, holding the daggers in his hands.
text: Malcolm doesn’t know what to do.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Here lies Duncan,
text: His silver skin lac’d with his golden blood;
text: Macbeth motions down to the bloody daggers in his hands.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
text: There, the Murderers.
text: Steep’d in the colours of their trade,
text: Macbeth looks up back at Malcolm. The young man is paralysed.
text: Terrified. Macbeth rises and walks towards him.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Had I but died an hour before this chance,
dialog: I had liv’d a blessed time. For, from this instant,
dialog: There’s nothing serious in mortality;
text: All is but toys. Renown, and grace, is dead;
text: The wine of life is drawn, and the mere lees
dialog: Is left this vault to brag of.
text: Macbeth holds out the bloodied weapons, gesturing for Malcolm
text: to take them. Malcolm now close enough to kill him with one
dialog: quick thrust. But...
text: Malcolm does nothing. Unable to assault this hero before him.
text: Macbeth’s stare burrows into him:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Live you? or are you aught
dialog: That man may question?
text: Malcolm is now even more frightened. Tears streaking his
text: face. He starts to back away as...
text: CLOSE ON: Macbeth closes his eyes. A RUMBLE is building on
text: the edge of hearing, the same sound as we heard on the
text: battlefield. It grows in intensity, blocking out all other
text: noise.
dialog: 36.
text: Macbeth covers his face with his hands, still holding the
text: daggers, smearing his eyes with Duncan’s blood. Then suddenly
text: the noise STOPS as...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Sleep no more.
text: Macbeth’s eyes open again. Malcolm is gone. He looks back to
text: the King’s body in confusion.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT
text: Lady Macbeth waits, alone in the pews. Suddenly FOOTSTEPS
dialog: outside make her start:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Hark! I laid their daggers ready;
dialog: He could not miss’em. Had he not resembled
dialog: My father as he slept, I had done’t.
text: The FOOTSTEPS draw near to the chapel, RUNNING. She treads
text: quietly to the door, peering through it.
text: Outside, a figure is saddling a horse in the corral. Malcolm.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/CORRAL - NIGHT
text: Quickly, Malcolm mounts his mare, kicks it, and rides it free
text: of the corral. As he goes, his horse pulls the corral post
text: free -- and suddenly all the other horses BOLT OUT into the
dialog: darkness.
text: Lady Macbeth steps out of the chapel behind. She stares after
text: him, panic in her eyes. When suddenly --
text: A BLOODIED HAND covers her mouth from behind.
text: Macbeth, soaked and covered in blood. He is shaking
text: uncontrollably and clutching the two stained daggers in his
text: free hand. She pulls herself free:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: My husband!
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I have done the deed.
dialog: Didst thou not hear a noise?
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Did you not speak?
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: As I descended?
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Ay.
text: Macbeth cannot answer. He studies the stains on his shirt,
text: the blood dripping on the stone floor.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: This is a sorry sight.
text: Quickly Lady Macbeth seizes his arm and leads him inside.
scene_heading: INT INVERNESS/CHAPEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Lady Macbeth pulls Macbeth into the chapel:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: A foolish thought to say a sorry sight.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Methought, I heard a voice cry, ‘Sleep no more!
text: Macbeth does Murder Sleep!’
text: Lady Macbeth stops a second at his dark words. She looks into
text: his eyes. They are ablaze. Forsaken.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Who was it that thus cried? Why, worthy Thane,
dialog: You do unbend your noble strength, to think
dialog: So brainsickly of things. Go, get some water,
dialog: And wash this filthy witness from your hand.--
text: She pulls his other hand up and for the first time notices
text: the bloody daggers.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Why did you bring these daggers from the place?
dialog: They must lie there: go, carry them, and smear
text: The sleepy grooms with blood.
text: Lady Macbeth tries to rouse him from his stupor but he shakes
dialog: her off.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Infirm of purpose!
dialog: Give me the daggers. The sleeping and the dead,
dialog: Are but as pictures; ‘tis the eye of childhood
dialog: That fears a painted devil. If he do bleed,
dialog: I‘’ll gild the faces of the grooms withal,
dialog: For it must seem their guilt.
text: She pulls the daggers from his grip.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - CONTINUOUS
text: Lady Macbeth walks at a pace along the dark walkway. We
text: follow from behind, her body silhouetted in the faint
text: moonlight as she comes to the sleeping Guards.
text: Tentatively, she smears their shirts and faces with the
text: daggers’ blood, careful not to wake them.
text: Before turning away, however, she glances inside -- and sees
text: Duncan’s bloodied shape through the opening of his tent
text: curtain. She stops a moment. Horror in her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT
text: Macbeth stands frozen by the font, staring at his red hands.
text: Rain is pouring down hard from cracks in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
text: What hands are here? Ha! They pluck out mine eyes.
text: He pushes his fingers into his own eyes sockets. His face
text: smearing with blood.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Will all great Neptune’s ocean wash this blood
dialog: Clean from my hand?
text: Macbeth holds out his hands into the rain water falling from
text: the ceiling. It drops RED beneath them, tainted by the blood.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: No, this my hand will rather
text: The multitudinous seas incarnadine,
text: Making the green one red.
text: Lady Macbeth re-enters, her hands now covered with blood as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: My hands are of your colour; but I shame
dialog: To wear a heart so white.
dialog: 39.
text: She crosses to him and thrusts her hands into the fall of
dialog: rain water.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: A little water clears us of this deed:
dialog: How easy is it then!
text: She wipes them clean, then unties Macbeth’s ravaged shirt and
text: strips it off, stuffing his bloodied clothes into the hiding
text: space in the altar. She covers it again. But as she does,
dialog: quietly:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: To know my deed, ‘twere best not know myself.
text: She pauses. Takes his face in her hands tenderly. Pleading
text: with him to keep his composure. Wind blows outside, making
text: the WOODEN CHIMES KNOCK around them. Until, finally, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/LAKE - DAWN
text: Dawn. The sun crests the horizon.
text: A faint drizzle remains from the night’s storm but the sky
text: has mostly cleared, its colour softening.
text: CLOSE ON: Macbeth pulls himself from the water of a lake, his
text: flesh steaming. He catches his breath. Biting down tension.
text: The landscape is quiet. The horses from the stable are strewn
text: across the hill, watching him. Spectral in the early sun.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - DAWN
text: Macbeth leads the horses back into the village square. A few
text: guests from the night before still lie comatose under shelter
text: at the edges of the courtyard. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Good morrow, noble Sir!
text: Macbeth turns -- to see MACDUFF. His hair and beard are
text: saturated from the storm he has just ridden through -- but
text: still he looks fresh compared to those who attended the
text: banquet. Next to him is LENNOX, quick-eyed, soft-spoken.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Good morrow, both.
dialog: 40.
text: Lennox smiles a greeting. But Macduff studies Macbeth. Their
text: dislike of one another tangible.
text: ACROSS THE SQUARE: Lady Macbeth begins to step out from
text: another doorway, but seeing Macduff she stops and retreats.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Is the King stirring, worthy Thane?
text: Macbeth, for a moment, appears lost. Macduff repeats:
speaker_heading: MACDUFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Is the king --
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: He did command me to call timely on him:
dialog: I have almost slipp’d the hour.
text: Macbeth nods. The role he now must play dawning on him.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I‘1l bring you to him.
text: The men follow Macbeth, their boots plodding through the mud.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - DAWN
text: Macbeth leads Macduff and Lennox toward Duncan’s tent. They
text: walk in silence.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: I’1l make so bold to call.
text: Macduff enters Duncan’s tent, disappearing from sight. Lennox
text: turns. Making conversation:
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Goes the King hence to-day?
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: He does:
dialog: he did appoint so.
text: Macbeth isn’t really listening -- his attention caught by a
text: group of children playing outside. Fleance stands at a
text: distance too, alone, watching from the side.
dialog: 41.
text: The children are re-enacting the events of the night before.
text: One of the boys has fashioned himself a crown out of twigs
text: and wrapped a blanket around his shoulders, blessing his
dialog: playmates just like Duncan did Malcolm.
dialog: Lennox continues:
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: The night has been unruly: where we lay
dialog: Our chimneys were blown down; and, as they say,
text: Lamentings heard i’th’air; strange screams of death,
dialog: Some say, the earth was feverous, and did shake.
text: Macbeth looks up at him for the first time. A glimmer of
text: suspicion on his brow.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: ‘Twas a rough night.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Macduff pulls away the bloodied sheet, shock seizing his
text: face. In front of him lies the butchered king, like a
text: desecrated god.
text: Shaking, he folds Duncan's hands together on his chest and
text: kisses them in reverence. His world in upheaval. Then he
text: kneels down and prays to his fallen king.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - CONTINUOUS
text: Macbeth stares hard at Lennox, uneasy. About to speak, when --
text: -- Macduff walks out from Duncan's tent. His hands bloody.
text: Lennox’s face falls in horror.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: What’s the matter?
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Confusion now hath made his masterpiece!
dialog: Most sacrilegious murder hath broke open
text: The Lord’s anointed temple, and stole thence
dialog: The life o' th' building!
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: What is’t you say? “The life”?
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Mean you his majesty?
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Do not bid me speak:
dialog: See, and then speak yourselves.
text: Lennox rushes inside the tent. Macbeth following close after
dialog: as Macduff bellows:
speaker_heading: MACDUFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Awake! Awake!
text: He runs towards Malcolm’s tent.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Ring the alarum-bell.
dialog: Murder, and treason!
dialog: Banquo and Malcolm!
dialog: Awake! Shake off this downy sleep,
text: Death’s counterfeit, and look on death itself.
dialog: Malcolm! Banquo!
text: Banquo emerges blearily from his tent nearby. He starts to
text: hurry towards Macduff. Fleance joining him.
text: Lady Macbeth steps out of her own dwelling behind him, her
text: hair and bedclothes in pointed disarray.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON: Lennox’s face, as he takes in the horrific sight.
text: Duncan's body, just as Macduff left it.
text: Over Lennox’s shoulder, Macbeth stands in the doorway, deadly
text: still. Macduff breaks in past him, followed by Banquo,
dialog: Fleance and Lady Macbeth:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: What’s the business?
dialog: Speak. Speak!
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Our royal master’s murdered.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: O, by whom?
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Those of his chamber,
text: Their hands were all badged with blood...
text: Lennox points back towards the Guards, speechless.
dialog: 43.
text: Instantly, Macbeth heads out to the tent’s entrance. He grabs
text: up the first Guard, pulls out his dagger and SLICES HIS NECK
text: with one deadly swipe.
text: The Guard drops. Macbeth then grabs the second sleeping Guard
text: and SLAYS HIM TOO.
text: Behind Macbeth, Macduff and Banquo stare. Fleance is rooted
text: by their side, stunned.
text: Macbeth looks up from his victims to see their eyes all
text: turned towards him.
text: But it is Banquo whose gaze Macbeth meets.
text: Macduff steps forward. The distrust clear in his voice:
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Wherefore did you so?
text: Macbeth defiantly moves towards Macduff.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Who could refrain,
dialog: That had a heart to love, and in that heart,
dialog: Courage, to make love known?
text: Macduff doesn’t answer. The air thick between them. Suddenly -
dialog: - Lady Macbeth retches.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Help me hence, ho!
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Look to the lady.
text: Lennox quickly helps Lady Macbeth, as Fleance runs out
text: towards the church.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY (DAWN)
text: Stricken with panic, Fleance desperately pulls on the chapel
text: bell, ringing out that the King is dead. Daylight glares down
text: through the belltower ceiling on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS - DAY (DAWN)
text: The bell’s echoes resound faintly across the mountains. The
text: morning light bleeding coldly over the village in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NEXT DAY
text: Reverential hands gently clean Duncan’s body. A cloth
text: removing the traces of blood. Pristine WHITE SHEETS are then
text: wrapped around it, as a needle and thread stitch together the
text: jagged gashes on his face.
text: The corpse, swaddled in a white shroud, is now laid on the
text: altar. A MONK stands at the head, two Guards at its feet.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS - DAY
text: A CROWD has gathered outside the chapel. The population of
text: Inverness has swelled with outsiders, gathered to pay their
text: respects to the dead King.
text: Among the crowd are the LEAD THANES, including Macduff and
text: his young, beautiful wife LADY MACDUFF. He holds one of their
text: CHILDREN (5). The other one (8) clings to Lady Macduff’s
text: skirt. Banquo stands a little way off.
text: Everyone is DRESSED IN DARK COLOURS. Many are hooded. Some
text: carry posies of local flowers. All shell-shocked. Uncertain.
text: The Thanes murmur amongst themselves as they wait. Lennox,
text: Angus and Rosse close together.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: How it did grieve Macbeth. Did he not straight, In pious
text: rage, the two delinquents tear,
dialog: That were the slaves of drink, and thralls of sleep?
dialog: Was that not nobly done?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Ay, and wisely too;
dialog: For ‘twould have anger’d any heart alive
dialog: To hear the men deny’t.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: I say, he has borne all things well.
text: He looks over the other Lords, sizing up their response.
text: Angus meets his glance and nods: they share a loyalty.
speaker_heading: ROSSE
dialog: Is’'t known, who did this more than bloody deed?
text: Macduff overhears this last question. He hands his child to
text: his wife with the easy gesture of a parent, then moves across
text: to talk to Rosse. She shoots him a warning look as he goes.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Those that Macbeth hath slain.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: ROSSE
dialog: Alas, the day!
dialog: What good could they pretend?
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: They were suborn’d.
dialog: Malcolm, the King’s son,
text: is stol’n away and fled; which puts upon him
dialog: Suspicion of the deed.
text: Rosse shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: ROSSE
dialog: Then ‘tis most like
text: The sovereignty will fall upon Macbeth.
text: They all look into the chapel, as...
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
text: He is already named.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY
text: Macbeth and Lady Macbeth process towards the altar, eyes
text: forward, a strange parody of a wedding. They pay their
text: respects over the body of the fallen king.
text: Hovering above the corpse, Macbeth’s gaze turns to meet
text: Banquo’s just outside the tent. But Banquo looks away. His
text: face edged with distrust.
text: Sensing this, Lady Macbeth glances round at the rest of the
text: crowd. Her stare flickers over Lady Macduff. Taking in her
text: assembled family.
text: Macbeth looks back to Duncan’s body. He lays the CEREMONIAL
text: ROYAL SWORD on the dead King’s chest and kneels before him,
text: Lady Macbeth at his side.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY - CONTINOUS
text: Seeing Macbeth kneel, the crowd follows suit. Almost as if it
text: is to Macbeth himself they are kneeling.
text: Macduff, back at his wife’s side, also lowers himself to his
text: knees. Lady Macduff looks solemn. They know their chance has
dialog: passed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH LANDSCAPE - DAY - TIME LAPSE
text: Mist moves and dances with speed across the Scottish
text: landscape. Time passing, as --
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - TIME LAPSE
text: On the altar where Duncan’s body once lay, we see the fresh
text: flowers wither and decay before our eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS - DAY
text: The village is being abandoned. Tents are disassembled and
text: emptied, the villagers’ possessions strapped onto horses for
text: the journey to their new home.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: The trail of villagers snakes through the harsh countryside.
text: A population on the move. Macbeth rides at the head of his
text: army with Lady Macbeth at his side.
text: He looks back to Banquo, who keeps his distance at the rear
text: of the line, the berth between them marking the tension.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEACH - DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: DUNSINANE.
text: Duncan’s former castle seems five times the size of the whole
text: of Inverness: its high thick walls span the width of the sky
text: and lookouts rise from each of the four corners.
text: One side is surrounded by the dense BIRNAM WOODS, on the
dialog: other lies the North Sea.
text: WIDE: Macbeth approaches on horseback along the beach, with
text: Lady Macbeth mounted regally by his side. His entire army
text: arrayed behind them. And, behind the army, the villagers of
dialog: Inverness.
text: Macbeth and Lady Macbeth share a private, inadvertent smile:
text: this is their new home. Macbeth dismounts and gives his reins
text: to a soldier -- Seyton, who lost an arm on the battlefield.
dialog: Loyal.
text: Macbeth offers his elbow to Lady Macbeth, bowing slightly as
text: he does so. She smiles happily and dismounts.
dialog: 47.
text: In the rank some way behind them, Banquo and Fleance watch
text: the new King and Queen elect making their way towards the
text: castle from their lone horse.
text: Banquo takes in the rest of the army. As if struck for the
text: first time by the implications of Macbeth’s advancement.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: Thou hast it now. King, Cawdor, Glamis, all
dialog: As the Weird Women promis'd; and, I fear,
dialog: Thou play’dst most foully for’t.
dialog: Yet it was said,
dialog: It should not stand in thy posterity;
text: He breathes in. Then looks back at Fleance.
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: But that myself should be the root and father
dialog: Of many kings. If there come truth from them,
dialog: Why, by the verities on thee made good,
dialog: May they not be my oracles as well?
dialog: And set me up in hope?
text: Fleance is puzzled at his words. Banquo smiles, dismissing
dialog: the thought.
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: But hush, no more.
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - DAY
text: Running through the large, cavernous halls of Dunsinane are
text: the CHILDREN of Inverness. They laugh, hurtling into every
text: room, amazed at the opulence.
text: Around them, the women and Soldiers of the village are
text: setting up beds in the large chambers. As over it, we hear...
speaker_heading: VOICES (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Hail Macbeth! Hail Macbeth! Hail Macbeth!
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/NAVE - DAY
text: Macbeth and Lady Macbeth kneel at the head of a vast stone
text: nave, now dressed in royal raiments. There’s an awkwardness
text: to them in their formal clothes and heavy crowns, a stiffness
dialog: that was never there before.
text: Before them, a huge CROWD CHANTS MACBETH’S NAME. All of the
text: Nobles are collected in their finery. To one side, Macbeth’s
text: SOLDIERS stand to attention. Further back, the Villagers from
text: Inverness, their ranks swelled with those from Dunsinane too.
dialog: 48.
text: A BISHOP cups his hand over Lady Macbeth’s forehead. With his
text: other hand he pours HOLY WATER over her CROWN.
text: He moves to Macbeth to repeat the gesture -- his fingertips
text: touching Macbeth’s head, just as the Older Witch did on the
dialog: battlefield.
text: CLOSE ON: Macbeth’s face as the water seeps through the
text: Bishop’s fingers, running down over his brow. He closes his
dialog: eyes against it and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - FLASHBACK
text: Macbeth stands over Duncan, plunging the daggers again and
text: again into the King’s chest. Duncan’s eyes wide with agony.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/NAVE - EVENING
text: Macbeth opens his eyes, the blessing complete. He is now
text: King. He and Lady Macbeth stand to accept the devotions of
dialog: their subjects.
text: One by one, the Nobles begin to process forward to pay
text: homage. Macduff and his family are the first amongst them.
text: Lady Macduff steps up to Lady Macbeth, curtseys and takes her
text: hand -- but hesitates before kissing it. Lady Macbeth holds
text: it out to her, waiting. Lady Macduff then looks her dead in
text: the eye and kisses it at the wrist, defiant in her obedience.
text: To her side, Banquo bows at Macbeth’s feet now. Macbeth
text: smiles down at his old friend -- but Banquo cannot hold his
text: look. Uneasily he turns his face down and, unable to kiss the
text: new king’s hand, instead touches it with his forehead.
text: As he stands again, almost imperceptibly, Macbeth’s hand
text: starts to TREMBLE. Lady Macbeth notices. Shoots him glance.
text: The other Thanes process forward, pledging their allegiance
dialog: in turn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER - DUSK
text: Later. Macbeth sits on the floor, cloaked in his royal robes.
text: The crown untouched by his side.
dialog: 49,
text: He is arranging his weaponry around him on the floor,
text: cleaning all of his knives and swords as if readying for
text: battle. Banquo’s defiance playing on his mind.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: To be thus is nothing,
dialog: But to be safely thus... Our fears in Banquo
dialog: Stick deep, and in his royalty of nature
dialog: Reigns that which would be feared. ‘Tis much he dares,
text: And to that dauntless temper of his mind
dialog: He hath a wisdom that doth guide his valour.
text: Lady Macbeth enters. A beat, as she takes in her husband on
text: the floor. The weapons. Then approaches and kneels down by
dialog: his side.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: How now, my lord, why do you keep alone,
dialog: Of sorriest fancies your companions making,
dialog: Using those thoughts which should indeed have died
dialog: With them they think on?
text: He does not answer. Instead, he picks up a knife and starts
text: to pick at some dried blood on its blade, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: We have scorch’d the snake, not kill’d it.
dialog: She'll close and be herself, whilst our poor malice
text: Remains in danger of her former tooth.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Things without all remedy
dialog: Should be without regard. What’s done is done.
dialog: Come on, gentle my lord, Sleek o’er your rugged looks,
dialog: Be bright and jovial among your guests tonight.
text: Lady Macbeth playfully picks up the crown and places it on
text: his head. She smiles approvingly. But then --
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Thou know’st that Banquo, and his Fleance, lives?
text: A glimmer of unease flits through her eyes.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: You must leave this.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: He chid the Sisters
dialog: When first they put the name of King upon me,
text: And bade them speak to him. Then, prophet-like,
dialog: They hail’d him father to a line of kings:
text: Upon my head they plac’d a fruitless crown,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
text: And put a barren sceptre in my grip,
text: Thence to be wrench’d with an unlineal hand,
dialog: No son of mine succeeding. If’t be so,
dialog: For Banquo’s issue have I fil’d my mind;
dialog: For them the gracious Duncan have I murder’d;
dialog: Put rancours in the vessel of my peace,
dialog: Only for them;
dialog: To make them kings, the seed of Banquo kings!
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: What’s to be done?
text: Macbeth stares at her, on the cusp of speaking. Then --
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Be innocent of the knowledge, dearest chuck,
dialog: Till thou applaud the deed.
text: He smiles a little. A flicker of fear, almost, in his look...
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: O -- full of scorpions is my mind!
text: He laughs. Lady Macbeth frowns at his strange words. But --
text: Macbeth just moves towards her, reaching his hand under her
text: skirt, as if seeking solace. Seeking distraction. She tries
dialog: to resist.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Thou marvell’st at my words, but hold thee still.
text: Things bad begun make themselves strong by ill.
text: He pushes his hand into her. She gasps.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Come, seeling Night,
text: Scarf up the tender eye of pitiful Day,
dialog: And, with thy bloody and invisible hand,
dialog: Cancel, and tear to pieces, that great bond
dialog: Which keeps me pale!
text: Forcefully she pushes his hand away. He stares at her in
text: surprise. Then, she takes his head in her hands and kisses
text: him hard. Willing him to come back to her.
text: Macbeth closes his eyes for a second at her touch. Until
text: finally, he opens them again and looks back at her. And a
text: single tear rolls down his cheek.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEACH - DAY
text: The beach. Banquo and Fleance hurriedly prepare horses to
text: ride away from the castle. Urgent.
dialog: 51.
text: Fleance looks back, and sees that he’s dropped some of their
text: belongings in the sand behind them. He quickly rushes back to
text: collect them up. Banquo hurries over to help him.
text: As they’re gathering their final possessions, however, Banquo
text: looks up -- and notices Macbeth and a PAIR OF SOLDIERS riding
text: towards them. One of the Soldiers is Seyton.
text: They arrive just as Banquo is reattaching the last of their
text: belongings to the horses. Macbeth dismounts. The air tense.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: To-night we hold a solemn supper, Sir,
dialog: And I‘ll request your presence.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: Let your Highness
dialog: Command upon me, to the which my duties
dialog: Are with a most indissoluble tie
dialog: For ever knit.
text: Macbeth glances at the laden horses.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Ride you this afternoon?
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: Ay, my good Lord.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: We should have else desir’d your good advice
dialog: In this day’s council; but we’ll take to-morrow.
dialog: Is't far you ride?
text: The answer is obvious from the stuffed bags. But Banquo tries
text: to lie, matching Macbeth’s offhandedness with his own:
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: As far, my Lord, as will fill up the time
dialog: 'Twixt this and supper: go not my horse the better,
dialog: I must become a borrower of the night,
dialog: For a dark hour or twain.
text: Macbeth smiles. The horses, picking up on the atmosphere,
text: begin to shift skittishly. Banquo’s eyes darting to those of
text: the two men watching. But Macbeth just stares at him.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Fail not our feast.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: My Lord, I will not.
text: Macbeth nods. Then looks away, as if dismissive:
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: We hear our bloody cousin is bestow’d
dialog: In England; not confessing
text: His cruel parricide, filling his hearers
text: With strange invention.
text: Banquo has no reponse -- just forces a speechless smile.
text: Fleance looks from one man to the other, trying to understand
text: the strange current of tension. Until finally...
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: But of that to-morrow,
dialog: When, therewithal, we shall have cause of State
dialog: Craving us jointly. Hie you to horse: adieu,
dialog: Till you return at night.
text: He turns away. Then...
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Goes Fleance with you?
text: This final question strikes ice down Banquo’s spine. But he
text: tries to mask it.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: Ay, my good Lord: our time does call upon’s.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I wish your horses swift, and sure of foot;
dialog: And so I do commend you to their backs.
dialog: Farewell.
text: Macbeth waves him off. Banquo quickly nods to Fleance, and
text: they mount their horses and ride off at speed.
text: Macbeth watches them go for a moment in silence, as if
text: weighing something up. Then, he turns to Seyton and the other
text: Soldier. Speaking quietly, almost conversationally:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Within this hour at most,
dialog: I will advise you where to plant yourselves,
dialog: Acquaint you with the perfect spy o’th’time,
dialog: The moment on’t; for’t must be done to-night,
dialog: And something from the palace; always thought,
dialog: That I require a clearness.
text: Macbeth stares after Banquo and Fleance. Then:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: And with him,
dialog: To leave no rubs nor botches in the work,
text: Fleance his son, that keeps him company,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Whose absence is no less material to me
text: Than is his father’s, must embrace the fate
dialog: Of that dark hour.
text: Seyton glances Macbeth in surprise, the reality of what he’s
text: asking them to do hitting home. But his fellow Soldier
text: answers loyally:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: We are resolv’d, my Lord.
scene_heading: EXT. DENSE WOODS - DUSK
text: Trees loom in these dense woods. Seyton and the Soldier, now
text: MASKED, watch Banquo and Fleance from a distance. They glance
text: at one another and ride on ahead to cut them off, their dark
dialog: mission underway.
scene_heading: EXT. DENSE WOODS - EVENING
text: The fog is thick. Trees and branches are silhouetted against
text: the blackening sky.
text: Muted horse hooves CLOP in through the fog. Then the outlines
text: of two travellers emerge -- Banquo and Fleance -- riding
text: slowly on the damp earth.
text: They come to a halt in a small clearing. Fleance dismounts
text: from his horse and relieves himself against a tree. Banquo
text: gets down with him, wary, and looks to the heavens.
speaker_heading: BANQUO
dialog: It will be rain to-night.
text: Fleance peers into the dark forest ahead. And frowns. For a
text: SHADOWY FIGURE seems to be standing before him amongst the
text: boughs.
text: CLOSE ON: a drawn arrow poised in the Figure’s crossbow.
text: Suddenly out of the trees, the arrow WHIPS PAST FLEANCE --
text: and pierces Banquo’s back. A second arrow immediately SLAMS
text: INTO his shoulder.
text: Banquo falls. Fleance rushes towards his father in sudden
text: panic -- but sees the MASKED SOLDIER coming towards them from
text: the other side. Banquo cries out:
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: Fly, Fleance!
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 54.
text: Banquo lunges round with his sword to meet his attacker,
text: wounded and disabled. The Soldier strikes the sword from his
text: hand, but Banquo ducks his charge and pulls the Soldier down
text: to the ground.
text: Wrestling hard, the Soldier brings out his dagger and plunges
text: it into Banquo’s side. Banquo grapples the Soldier tight
text: despite the pain, yelling for Fleance to escape:
speaker_heading: BANQUO (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Fly!
text: But Fleance is frozen with horror. His father’s death
text: unfolding before his eyes. The Soldier DRIVES THE BLADE into
text: Banquo’s side again and again and Banquo loses strength,
text: finally releasing his foe. The Soldier stands, pulling Banquo
text: up by his hair.
text: Banquo’s eyes meet his son’s for the last time. A King he
text: will never see crowned. And, as the Attacker draws the blade
text: across his throat...
speaker_heading: SEYTON
dialog: Let it come down.
text: Seyton LOOSES AN ARROW at the boy, startling him from his
text: paralysis. And, as his father’s body falls forward into the
text: dirt, Fleance finally turns and sprints away.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - CONTINUOUS 79
text: Fleance sprints into a thicker part of the woods. Bursting
text: through the dark trees, ducking under sharp branches, his
text: breath pounding.
text: From behind he hears the FOOTSTEPS of the Attackers coming
text: toward him. Another arrow FLIES PAST. Fleance tumbles to the
text: ground, but picks himself up quickly and keeps moving through
text: the forest, trees and branches blurring as he passes. Until
text: finally he comes to an opening in the brush and...
text: Stops dead.
text: In a small clearing covered in leaves, as if she’s been
text: waiting, is the CHILD WITCH. Staring at him calmly.
text: Gasping for breath, Fleance stares back at her. Then...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MOMENTS LATER 80
text: Seyton bursts into the clearing and stops to listen.
dialog: 55.
text: But it is EMPTY. Fleance and the Child Witch have
text: disappeared. Seyton stares around. But there’s no sign of the
dialog: boy at all.
speaker_heading: VOICES (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Hail Macbeth! Hail Macbeth!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BANQUET HALL - LATER
text: The chant ECHOES throughout this cavernous banquet hall. All
text: of the NOBLES are waiting before the banquet tables along
text: with Macbeth’s own Soldiers, who seem out of the place in
text: this rarefied ceremonial dinner.
text: There’s an elegance and sophistication to the proceedings
dialog: that is entirely foreign to those guests who have come from
dialog: Inverness. But Duncan’s former court, including Rosse, Angus,
text: Lennox and Menteith, are clearly used to it.
text: Macbeth stands at the head table. Lady Macbeth by his side.
text: Everyone waiting on his command.
text: Macduff and Lady Macduff are both watching the royal couple
dialog: closely.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: You know your own degrees, sit down: at first
dialog: And last, the hearty welcome.
text: The room makes to sit down. But then -- Macbeth stops. His
text: attention taken instead by the doors opening, and SEYTON and
text: THE OTHER SOLDIER entering the room to take their places.
text: Lady Macbeth and the Nobles all pause as he does, unsure
text: whether to sit or stand. Oblivious, Macbeth starts away from
text: his seat towards the new arrivals:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Our hostess keeps her state; but, in best time,
dialog: We will require her welcome.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Pronounce it for me, Sir, to all our friends;
dialog: For my heart speaks, they are welcome.
text: Menteith holds out another seat for Macbeth...
speaker_heading: MENTEITH
dialog: Your Majesty...
dialog: 56.
text: .-+. but Macbeth just moves past him.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Be large in mirth; anon, we'll drink a measure
text: The table round.
text: The crowd watches, poised and uncomfortable in the silence as
text: Macbeth walks right up to Seyton. Seyton, aware that the room
text: is watching them, leans in close, uneasy.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s blood upon thy face.
speaker_heading: SEYTON
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: ‘Tis Banquo’s then.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: ‘Tis better thee without, than he within.
dialog: Is he dispatch’d?
speaker_heading: SEYTON
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: My Lord, his throat is cut;
dialog: That I did for him.
text: A brief silence. Macbeth puts a hand on his shoulder. As
text: though they are totally alone.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Thou art the best o’th’cut-throats;
dialog: Yet he’s good that did the like for Fleance:
dialog: If thou didst it, thou art the nonpareil.
speaker_heading: SEYTON
dialog: (apprehensively)
dialog: Most royal Sir... Fleance is scap’d.
text: Macbeth stares at Seyton intently. He pulls him close by the
text: back of the neck, their foreheads touching. The room waiting
text: in suspension for their King to return to his chair.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Then comes my fit again:
dialog: I had else been perfect;
text: Whole as the marble, founded as the rock,
dialog: As broad and general as the casing air:
text: His breathing is laboured. He suddenly looks close to tears,
dialog: anger building:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: But now, I am cabin’d, cribb’d, confin’d, bound in
text: To saucy doubts and fears.
dialog: 57.
text: Across the room, Lady Macbeth grows alarmed at the attention
dialog: he’s getting:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: My royal Lord,
dialog: You do not give the cheer.
text: Macbeth stops at the sound of her voice, looks back. Abruptly
text: aware of everyone watching him again. He rearranges his face
text: into a smile and nods back to Seyton, trying to mask their
dialog: conversation:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Thanks for that.
text: He starts back to his place. Lady Macbeth and all of the
text: Nobles STILL ON THEIR FEET, waiting for him to give the
text: toast. Lady Macbeth’s eyes ablaze as he begins to speak:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Sweet remembrancer!
dialog: Now, good digestion wait on appetite,
dialog: And health on both!
text: Quickly Lennox offers Macbeth a cup of wine -- helping his
text: new King. Macbeth meets his eyes gratefully.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (raising the toast)
dialog: Here had we now our country’s honour roof'd,
dialog: Were the grac’d person of our Banquo present;
dialog: Who may I rather challenge for unkindness
dialog: Than pity for mischance!
text: The Nobles force a LAUGH. Lady Macbeth doesn’t join in.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: His absence, Sir,
text: Lays blame upon his promise.
text: Macbeth smiles at him and raises the cup to his lips, as do
text: others. But just as Macbeth starts to drink --
text: He STOPS AGAIN, something catching his eye nearby. Everyone
dialog: pauses.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (CONT’D)
dialog: What is’t that moves your Highness?
text: A change has come over Macbeth’s face. He starts forward.
text: MACBETH’S POV: Standing amongst the soldiers at the far end
text: of the hall, is BANQUO. Dressed for battle, his face covered
text: in war-paint. The wounds inflicted on him have disappeared.
dialog: 58.
text: But his eyes burn into Macbeth -- a look of love. Of
dialog: betrayal.
text: BACK TO: Lady Macbeth immediately senses something is
dialog: seriously wrong now. Lennox too.
text: Slowly, Macbeth walks towards the vision of Banquo.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: (almost under his breath)
dialog: Which of you have done this?
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What, my good Lord?
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Thou canst not say, I did it:
text: MACBETH’S POV: Macbeth stares into the dead face of Banquo.
text: Macduff, fully aware of Macbeth’s agitation, speaks loudly,
dialog: pointedly:
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Gentlemen, his highness is not well.
text: Lady Macbeth quickly moves from her place as Macbeth’s hands
text: begin to TREMBLE FURIOUSLY. She speaks curtly to Macduff and
dialog: the others:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Sit, worthy friends.
dialog: My Lord is often thus,
dialog: And hath been from his youth: pray you, keep seat;
text: The fit is momentary; upon a thought
dialog: He will again be well. If much you note him,
dialog: You shall offend him, and extend his passion;
dialog: Feed, and regard him not.
text: At her command, finally, the guests sit. Lady Macbeth takes
text: Macbeth’s wrist and draws him close. The whole room still
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: (whispering urgently)
dialog: Are you a man?
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Ay, and a bold one, that dare look on that
dialog: Which might appal the Devil.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: O proper stuff!
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Prithee see there -- behold, look, lo, how say you?
text: Macbeth gestures back to the chair with his trembling hand.
text: Lady Macbeth takes his face in her palms without looking.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: This is the very painting of your fear:
dialog: This is the air-drawn dagger, which, you said,
dialog: Led you to Duncan.
dialog: Why do you make such faces?
text: As she speaks, Macbeth looks past her and -- blinks. Banquo
text: has now VANISHED. Replaced by one of his Soldiers.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: If I stand here, I saw him.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: My worthy Lord,
dialog: Your noble friends do lack you.
text: She starts to lead him back to the table. Macbeth takes her
text: arm as he follows after her -- trying to convince her:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Blood hath been shed ere now, i’th’olden time,
dialog: The time has been
dialog: That, when the brains were out, the man would die,
text: And there an end; but now, they rise again,
dialog: And push us from our stools. This is more strange
dialog: Than such a Murder is.
text: She looks out at the guests sternly, ignoring him. He follows
text: her gaze and sees the eyes of the Guests upon them both. Sees
text: Macduff staring at him unabashedly.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I do forget.
text: Macbeth manages a laugh, glancing again at Macduff, and grabs
text: for another drink. He raises his cup -- and the whole banquet
text: hall stands quickly once again to meet the toast.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Do not muse at me, my most worthy friends,
dialog: I have a strange infirmity, which is nothing
dialog: To those that know me.
dialog: Come, love and health to all;
dialog: Give me some wine:
text: A servant pours more wine for him:
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Fill full:
dialog: I drink to th’general joy o’th’whole table,
dialog: And to our dear friend Banquo, whom we miss;
dialog: Would he were here! To all, and him, we thirst,
dialog: And all to all.
speaker_heading: LORDS
dialog: Our duties, and the pledge.
text: Macbeth swallows the entire thing. Then looks up from the cup
dialog: to see:
text: MACBETH’S POV: BANQUO is standing before him in ANOTHER PLACE
text: now. His stare bitter with reproach.
text: Macbeth can’t tear his eyes away. His hand starts to shake.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (pleading quietly)
dialog: Avaunt and quit my sight. Let the earth hide thee.
dialog: Thy bones are marrowless, thy blood is cold;
dialog: Thou hast no speculation in those eyes,
dialog: Which thou dost glare with.
text: BACK TO: The guests, still standing, stare at their King as
text: he addresses the stone wall at the end of the room.
text: Abruptly, Macduff takes Lady Macduff’s arm and begins to exit
dialog: the hall: they’ve seen enough.
text: Lady Macbeth calls out sharply to them, desperation edging
text: into her voice now:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Think of this, good Peers,
dialog: But as a thing of custom: ‘tis no other...
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: (to Macduff)
dialog: Pray you, sit still!
text: Lady Macduff falters in the doorway. But Macduff takes her
text: hand again and leads her out, defying Macbeth’s order.
text: Macbeth turns to his wife. Runs his fingertips down her cheek
text: as if they are alone, entreating consolation. Quickly she
text: takes his hand away and holds it tight.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: You make me strange
dialog: Even to the disposition that I owe,
dialog: When now I think you can behold such sights
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: And keep the natural ruby of your cheeks,
text: When mine is blanch’d with fear.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: What sights, my Lord?
text: Lady Macbeth rounds on him:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: I pray you, speak not!
text: He grows worse and worse;
text: Question enrages him. At once, good night.
text: Stunned, the audience does not move. Finally she snaps again:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Stand not upon the order of your going
dialog: But go at once!
text: The Nobles hastily gather their possessions and leave.
speaker_heading: ROSSE
dialog: Good night, and better health
dialog: Attend his Majesty!
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: A kind good night to all!
text: Eventually, Macbeth and Lady Macbeth are left alone in the
text: cavernous hall. Finally, for the first time, Macbeth takes a
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: It will have blood. They say blood will have blood.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BANQUET CHAMBER - LATER
text: Late. Everyone has left, night sunken in. Macbeth lies fully
text: clothed on the floor of the hall.
text: Quietly, with a blanket over her shoulders, Lady Macbeth
text: enters. Kneels down to him:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: What is the night?
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
text: Almost at odds with morning, which is which.
text: His eyes flicker with fatigue, but he keeps himself going.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: How say’st thou that Macduff denies his person
dialog: At our great bidding?
text: Lady Macbeth tenses, sensing what’s coming. Looking him firm
text: in the eye, she shakes her head, forbidding his pursuit of
dialog: this channel:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: You lack the season of all natures, sleep.
text: But Macbeth just presses on insistently.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I will to the Weird Sisters:
dialog: More shall they speak; for now I am bent to know,
dialog: By the worst means, the worst. For mine own good,
dialog: All causes shall give way: I am in blood
dialog: Stepp’d in so far that should I wade no more,
dialog: Returning were as tedious as go o’er.
dialog: Strange things I have in head that will to hand,
dialog: Which must be acted, ere they may be scann’d.
text: Trying to be tender, Lady Macbeth takes his trembling hands
text: in hers and rests her forehead against his brow. Her
text: affection subdues him and his eyes sag, weighted down with
dialog: exhaustion.
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER
text: Gently, Lady Macbeth leads Macbeth to the bed, lays him down
text: and strokes his head as she did before.
text: She curls herself next to him. Nestles her head against his
text: back as her own eyes begin to close, willing him to rest.
text: But his eyes remain open.
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Silence. Lady Macbeth sleeps peacefully by Macbeth’s side.
text: Macbeth, however, is still wide awake, staring up at the
dialog: ceiling.
text: Strange LIGHTS are dancing amongst the shadows on the walls.
text: Curiously he gets to his feet and tracks them to their source
text: -- a crack in the curtain.
text: The NORTHERN LIGHTS are streaking the black night outside,
text: glaring brilliantly. As though calling to him. He casts a
text: look at his wife, innocent in her sleep, and...
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAWN
text: Dawn is breaking. Macbeth rides through the cold countryside.
text: The night’s darkness is slowly receding as he chases the
text: light fervently.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: Daylight. Macbeth comes to the battlefield where he fought
text: Macdonwald’s men. Again, ominously, a thick wall of MIST is
text: blocking the plain. It is freezing now, its ghostly swirls
text: reaching out around his knees.
text: Tufts of grass sprout from the frost-covered mounds that mark
text: the mass graves of his soldiers. Intractably drawn,
text: searching, he calls out to the mist:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I conjure you, by that which you profess,
dialog: Howe’er you come to know it, answer me!
text: There is no response. Macbeth starts to walk forwards. Around
text: him the swirls begin to thicken.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Speak, I charge you!
text: Nothing. His desperation builds and he breaks into a run,
text: which turns to a sprint, panting, until finally...
text: He stops. Out of breath. The mist is silent. Fathomless. He
text: is alone.
text: Then, from nearby, the faint peal of bells begins to chime in
text: the mist. He turns, the sound drawing him on towards it.
text: From within the fog the forms of the WITCHES take shape,
text: standing over the red glow of a fire. An infant is CRYING.
text: Macbeth walks toward them. The crying becomes CLEARER and
text: LOUDER. And the mist clears, to reveal they are preparing
text: some kind of mixture over a flame.
text: The Older Witch is cradling an INFANT in her arms. It plays
text: with the bells around her neck contentedly. The others work
text: beside her, grinding herbs with a pestle and mortar.
text: The Older Witch looks up at Macbeth. Her eyes solemn with
dialog: intensity:
speaker_heading: OLDER WITCH
dialog: Be lion-mettled, proud, and take no care
dialog: Who chafes, who frets, or where conspirers are:
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: YOUNGER WITCH
dialog: Macbeth shall never vanquish’d be.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE WITCH
dialog: Until Great Birnam wood to high Dunsinane hill
dialog: Shall come against him.
text: Macbeth looks down, to see that the Witches are now pouring
text: BLOOD from the leather pouch we saw earlier into the mixture
text: they’re making. When it’s spent, they hold the bowl up to
text: him. As though challenging him to drink.
text: Tentatively, he takes the bowl and brings it to his mouth.
text: The thick, dark liquid running over his lips. And...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO WHITE
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD/MIST - DAY
text: THEN: Macbeth wanders alone in the mist; as though in a
text: dream. As though out of time itself. The Witches are gone.
text: Through the mist around him, a rank of his BLOODY SOLDIERS
text: appears. Processing across the field past him, their eyes
text: cast down in defeat, marks from their last battle still
text: fresh. An army lost to the ages.
text: Macbeth peers around at them. They each seem to murmur
text: snippets of speech.
scene_heading: GHOST SOLDIER
dialog: Beware Macduff.
scene_heading: ANOTHER GHOST SOLDIER
dialog: Beware the Thane of Fife. Dismiss me. Enough.
text: A THIRD GHOST SOLDIER
dialog: Beware Macduff.
text: They trudge past Macbeth without looking at him. Until, from
text: their ranks -- the YOUNG BOY SOLDIER from the battlefield
text: appears. He comes to a stop before Macbeth.
scene_heading: YOUNG BOY SOLDIER
dialog: Be bloody, bold, and resolute: laugh to scorn
dialog: The power of man, for none of woman born
dialog: Shall harm Macbeth.
text: Macbeth reaches out to embrace the Young Boy Soldier,
text: relieved. The Boy accepts his hold without emotion. Then
text: breaks away and marches on. Macbeth’s mind whirring.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Then live, Macduff: what need I fear of thee?
dialog: But yet I’1l make assurance double sure,
dialog: And take a bond of Fate: thou shalt not live.
text: He looks back after the Young Boy Soldier -- but he is gone.
text: The rest of the army vanished too. Macbeth is utterly alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: An isolated valley. Macduff hurries his Wife and Children
text: onto three horses, flanked by two of his guards. He lifts the
text: youngest Child up to Lady Macduff on the horse and kisses
text: them each goodbye urgently. He has to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - MORNING
text: Daylight. The mist has cleared. Through it, vacant-eyed and
text: somnambulant, Macbeth is wandering like a lost soldier, his
text: body smeared with earth. His horse gently grazes nearby.
text: Lennox rides up alone. He has clearly been looking for his
text: King. He quickly dismounts and hurries over as Macbeth
text: squints into the early morning sun. He calls out:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Saw you the Weird Sisters?
text: Lennox’s eyes scan the area, briefly. He has no idea what
text: Macbeth’s talking about.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: No, my Lord.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Came they not by you?
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: No, indeed, my Lord.
text: Lennox takes out a blanket and tries to wrap it around
text: Macbeth, helping him back onto his horse. Macbeth grabs
text: Lennox’s arm, grinning up at the sky around him.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Infected be the air whereon they ride;
dialog: And damn’d all those that trust them!
dialog: 66.
text: He lets out a WHOOP, exhilarated by the prophecy he’s heard.
text: Lennox nods, unsettled, and gently removes the King’s hand
text: from his arm. Macbeth rides off.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Lennox and Macbeth ride through the barren landscape. Macbeth
text: seems alert now, charged with a new purpose.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - DAY
text: Lady Macbeth waits by a side entrance of the castle. Watching
text: her husband coming towards her along the beach, wariness in
text: her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - DAY
text: Macbeth paces, listening to the news since his departure.
text: Lennox and Seyton are hovering nearby. Lady Macbeth stares at
text: her husband, fear edging into her look.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Who was’t came by?
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: ‘Tis two or three, my Lord, that bring you word,
text: Macduff is fled to England.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Fled to England?
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Ay, my good Lord.
text: Macbeth holds Lennox’s stare for a second. Then nods,
text: confirmed in his actions. He starts pulling on his armour:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Time, thou anticipat’st my dread exploits.
dialog: The flighty purpose never is o’ertook
dialog: Unless the deed go with it. From this moment,
dialog: The very firstlings of my heart shall be
dialog: The firstlings of my hand. Be it thought and done:
text: Lady Macbeth shakes her head and moves to him in entreaty.
text: Grabs his arm -- but Macbeth stops and stares at her in
text: surprise like a stranger.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
text: Hell is murky. What’s done cannot be undone.
dialog: 67.
text: Macbeth watches her for a second. Gently takes her face in
text: his hands. For a fleeting moment, she sees his old self
dialog: again.
text: Then, as he holds her, he calls out to Lennox and Seyton:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Send out more horses, skirr the country round;
dialog: Hang those that talk of fear.
dialog: The castle of Macduff I will surprise,
dialog: Seize upon Fife, give to th' edge o' th' sword
dialog: His wife, his babes, and all unfortunate souls
text: That trace him in his line. No boasting like a fool.
dialog: This deed I’1l do before this purpose cool.
text: She tries to grapple with him, begging him not to do this
text: terrible act. But finally he SHOVES HER AWAY and strides out
dialog: of the chamber.
text: Lady Macbeth stares after him in shock. Overwhelmed by the
text: change in his condition. By the darkness unfolding before
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH PLAIN - DAY
text: Dense woods. Silence. A young BOY runs through the trees. He
dialog: could be playing. Innocent almost. Then --
speaker_heading: LADY MACDUFF (0.S.)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Murder!
text: We see Lady Macduff running for her life behind him,
text: clutching her youngest child in her arms.
text: Behind them, Macbeth’s SOLDIERS are bearing down on
text: horseback.
text: The older Boy trips and falls. Lady Macduff desperately helps
text: him up, pulling him back to his feet. He sprints on ahead --
text: but it’s too late for her. The Soldiers grab her up.
speaker_heading: LADY MACDUFF (CONT’D)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Murder! I have done no harm!
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - DUSK
text: CLOSE ON: Lady Macbeth’s face, staring up outside the castle.
text: Shocked with grief over what’s about to happen.
dialog: 68.
text: WIDE: Lady Macduff and her Children are tied to poles on a
text: platform before the castle walls. A pyre beneath them stacked
text: with wood for burning. The Children CRYING quietly.
text: A CROWD watches. Lady Macbeth hesitates at their fore -- as
text: though for a moment she might try to step forward and release
dialog: these prisoners. But then...
text: Macbeth walks forwards brandishing a fiery torch.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Bring me no more reports; let them fly all:
dialog: Till Birnam wood remove to Dunsinane,
dialog: I cannot taint with fear.
text: Macbeth points towards to the surrounding Birnam Woods. The
text: people of Inverness and Dunsinane follow his gesture,
text: uncomprehending. His own Soldiers looking on.
text: Amongst them are Rosse and Angus. Hooded within the crowd.
text: Lady Macbeth stares at her husband, no longer recognising the
text: man she loves. As he yells out:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s the boy Malcolm?
dialog: Was he not born of woman? The spirits that know
dialog: All mortal consequence have pronounc’d me thus:
dialog: ‘Fear not, Macbeth; no man that’s born of woman
dialog: Shall e’er have power upon thee.’
dialog: Then fly, false Thanes,
dialog: And mingle with the English epicures.
text: Macbeth looks down towards Lady Macbeth. Her face stricken.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you silent?
text: She cannot respond.
text: Macbeth approaches Lady Macduff and her children with the
text: flaming torch. Lady Macduff cries out, defiant, strong:
speaker_heading: LADY MACDUFF
dialog: This tyrant, whose sole name blisters our tongues,
dialog: Was once thought honest!
text: Macbeth hesitates at her words. The briefest of pauses. Then -—
text: - he lowers the torch.
text: The wood CATCHES. Lady Macbeth stares on as the flames rise
text: up. Her face shuttering into a mask of grief.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Darkness. The castle is silhouetted in the distance. The
text: corpses of Lady Macduff and her children ENGULFED IN FLAMES
dialog: on the stakes.
text: Lady Macbeth just stares blankly. Her mind cracked by the
text: atrocity she’s witnessed. She looks up and follows the flames
text: flickering high in the sky.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ENGLISH BORDER - DUSK
text: Two dozen tents occupy a large swathe of hillside by the
text: Scottish-English border. The stone wall dividing the nations
text: stretches as far as the eye can see, torches lighting its
dialog: length.
text: A huge ARMY OF SOLDIERS, healthy, well equipped and well
text: trained, prepares beneath them. It is a modern force, with a
text: vast supply of weapons and horses.
text: Rosse, Angus and the other Scottish Lords pull up on horses,
text: their few belongings bound behind them.
text: A young man walks over to greet them: MALCOLM. All the
text: Soldiers stand for him as the riders dismount: a young
text: general in the making. He embraces Rosse, then Angus, excited
text: to see the familiar faces.
speaker_heading: ROSSE
dialog: Now is the time of help. Your eye in Scotland
dialog: Would create soldiers, make our women fight,
dialog: To doff their dire distresses.
text: Malcolm nods, enjoying the feeling of importance.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Be’t their comfort,
dialog: We are coming thither.
speaker_heading: ROSSE
dialog: Would I could answer
dialog: This comfort with the like. But I have words
text: That would be howled out in the desert air,
dialog: Where hearing should not latch them.
scene_heading: EXT. ENGLISH COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT
text: In another part of the encampment a man is kneeling on the
text: ground, praying. MACDUFF.
dialog: 70.
text: He sees Malcolm and Angus walking towards him. Rosse and
text: other Thanes holding back. He stands as they arrive.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: My ever-gentle cousin,
dialog: Stands Scotland where it did?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Alas, poor country.
text: Almost afraid to know itself. It cannot
dialog: Be call’d our mother, but our grave.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: What’s the newest grief?
text: Angus tries to speak -- but he cannot find the courage.
text: Macduff senses something is wrong. Fear taking hold deep
text: within in him. Malcolm steps forward:
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Let not your ears despise my tongue forever,
dialog: Which shall possess them with the heaviest sound
dialog: That ever yet they heard.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: How does my wife?
text: Malcolm sucks in a breath, mustering strength.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Your castle is surpris’d; your wife and babes,
text: Savagely slaughter’d. To relate the manner
dialog: Were, on the quarry of these Murder’d deer,
dialog: To add the death of you.
text: Macduff goes pale, disbelief tricking over his face.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: What man?
text: Malcolm doesn’t answer. The culprit is clear.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF (CONT'D)
dialog: My children too?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Wife, children, servants, all
dialog: That could be found.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: And I must be from thence?
dialog: 71.
text: Malcolm hesitates, unsettled by the insinuation. Quickly
text: Macduff turns away and begins to gather up his belongings, as
text: if there is something he could do. Then he stops, staring
dialog: into nothing.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF (CONT'D)
dialog: My wife kill’d too?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I have said. Be comforted:
dialog: Let’s make us med’cines of our great revenge,
dialog: To cure this deadly grief --
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: He has no children!
text: Malcolm falters, unable to answer the force of Macduff’s
text: rage. Macduff chokes on his grief, grappling Malcolm to him.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF (CONT'D)
dialog: What, all my pretty chickens, and their dam,
dialog: At one fell swoop?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Dispute it like a man...
text: Macduff looks up at him in outrage.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: I shall do so.
dialog: But I must also feel it as a man. Sinful Macduff,
dialog: They were all struck for thee.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Be this the whetstone of your sword,
text: Let grief convert to anger.
dialog: Blunt not the heart, enrage it. Gracious England hath
dialog: Lent us ten thousand men. Our power is ready;
dialog: Our lack is nothing but our leave.
text: Macduff looks up to the Scottish mountains beyond the wall,
text: now utterly determined, as if he’s speaking to Macbeth
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Front to front
dialog: Bring thou this fiend of Scotland and myself.
text: Within my sword’s length set him.
dialog: If he scape heaven, forgive him too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: EXT. REMOTE LANDSCAPE - EVENING (LATER)
text: Lennox and Menteith sit beside a tent and a fire. Speaking as
text: if directly to us, just as Lennox did in Duncan’s quarters
text: earlier. As they talk, images play over their narration:
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Great Dunsinane he strongly fortifies...
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - VARIOUS TIMES
text: Macbeth, dead-eyed, swings a sword in his chamber.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (V.O.)
dialog: Some say he’s mad. Others, that lesser hate him,
dialog: Do call it valiant fury.
text: Macbeth rocks in a beam of light from a window, alone.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (V.O.)
dialog: But, for certain,
dialog: He cannot buckle his distemper’d cause
text: Within the belt of rule.
text: Macbeth jogs around the castle’s rooms, on edge.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (V.O.)
dialog: Those he commands move only in command...
text: Macbeth drinks wine at dawn, its effects lost on him.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (V.O.)
dialog: Nothing in love.
text: Macbeth stares into space, his crown perched on his brow.
scene_heading: EXT. REMOTE LANDSCAPE - EVENING
text: Menteith takes a breath. This is what he expected.
speaker_heading: MENTEITH
dialog: Now does he feel
text: His secret Murders sticking on his hands.
text: Lennox nods grimly. At that -- one of their DOGS nearby
text: begins to BARK. Then TWO, then THE WHOLE PACK. Their eyes
dialog: turn:
text: To see three of MACBETH’S ARMY riding in their direction.
dialog: 73.
text: The two old men rise. One picks up an axe and the other a
text: sword. Readying themselves for their fate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Lady Macbeth sits alone in her chamber, washing some tools in
text: a bowl. Disquieted, she scrubs at them harder and harder.
text: They are the daggers with which Duncan was killed.
text: Unsatisfied, she looks up.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS - DAY
text: Lady Macbeth travels towards her old village on horseback
text: with her Maidservant. She is swathed in muslin, her shoulders
text: covered by a white cloak.
text: Inverness is now in ruins. The tents have long gone and the
text: cross-beams and structural supports stand like abandoned
text: totems. Only the chapel remains, snow glistening against its
dialog: sides.
text: It is a ghost town.
scene_heading: INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY
text: Lady Macbeth sits on the floor of the chapel alone, enveloped
text: only in the muslin now. Her breath clouds in the freezing
text: air. But she does not seem to feel the cold.
text: Part of the roof is sagging and torn, small flakes of snow
text: finding their way into the interior.
text: Her eyes stare out at someone we cannot see in the chapel
text: before her. She speaks quietly, as though pleading with all
text: that has past. As though confessing, almost.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: Yet here’s a spot.
dialog: Out, damned spot! out, I say!
dialog: Hell is murky...
text: At some imagined response, her face hardens. Upbraiding
dialog: whomever she sees:
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Fie, my Lord, fie! A soldier, and afeard?
dialog: What need we fear who knows it, when none can call our
dialog: power to account?
dialog: Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so
dialog: much blood in him?
text: At this, her face cracks in sadness, almost imperceptibly.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: The Thane of Fife had a wife: where is she now?
dialog: What, will these hands ne’r be clean?
dialog: No more o’that, my Lord, no more o’that: you mar all
dialog: with this starting.
dialog: Here’s the smell of the blood still:
dialog: All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little
dialog: hand.
dialog: Wash your hands, put on your night-gown; look not so
dialog: pale.
text: To bed, to bed: there’s knocking at the gate.
text: She starts to beg, reaching out in plea now:
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
dialog: Come, come, come, come, give me your hand.
dialog: What’s done cannot be undone.
dialog: To bed, to bed, to bed.
text: Finally, her eyes sag with exhaustion, the lids closing. But
text: she forces them open again. Desperate to cling on to the
text: vision before her. And finally we turn in the direction of
text: her stare to see:
text: A SMALL CHILD on the floor of the chapel. Pale, his skin
text: marred with red sores.
text: It is her SON. The boy we saw in the opening image, now alive
dialog: again.
dialog: Until, softly --
text: WIND-CHIMES peal on the wind outside. She looks up.
scene_heading: EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - DAY
text: Lady Macbeth walks away from the chapel, barefoot now over
text: the snow-dusted ground. Icy MIST swirls around her.
text: Some way in the distance, on the crest of a hill, are FOUR
text: FIGURES. The Witches. One has a bundle in her arms: the
text: infant we saw earlier. It seems to beckon Lady Macbeth on.
text: Lady Macbeth stares. Drawn inexorably.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: LADY MACBETH
dialog: To bed. To bed. To bed.
text: She walks on, struggling with each new step. Her eyes lilting
dialog: to sleep.
text: WIDE: Lady Macbeth is alone and lost, wandering into the
text: landscape, fully exposed to the elements.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/NAVE - DAY
text: Macbeth sits on the floor of the coronation chamber. The few
text: villagers and children still loyal to him sit around him.
text: Candles light the space, arranged in a vigil for their Queen.
text: The atmosphere is prayer-like, solemn.
text: Macbeth is wearing his royal cloak like a blanket. His face
text: is haggard, beyond exhausted. A man who cannot rest.
text: A MESSENGER approaches, breaking his reverie. Macbeth smiles.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: The devil damn thee black, thou cream-fac’d loon.
dialog: Where gott’st thou that goose look?
text: The Messenger is visibly scared to relay the news he has.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: There is ten thousand --
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Geese, villain?
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Soldiers, Sir.
text: Macbeth chuckles.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Go, prick thy face and over-red thy fear,
dialog: Thou lily-liver’d boy. What soldiers, patch?
dialog: Death of thy soul! Those linen cheeks of thine
dialog: Are counsellors to fear. What soldiers, whey-face?
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: The English force, so please you.
text: The news settles. Macbeth nods, expecting this inevitability.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
text: Hang out our banners on the outward walls;
text: The cry is still, “They come.” Our castle's
dialog: strength
dialog: Will laugh a siege to scorn: here let them lie,
text: Till famine and the ague eat them up.
text: The Messenger’s head remains bowed. Unsure of his master’s
dialog: command.
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: Macbeth enters. Lady Macbeth is lying motionless on a bed,
text: her face white and still, her lips blue. Her Maidservant lies
text: next to her, her eyes red and swollen from crying.
text: A DOCTOR stands by. Nervous. Macbeth approaches.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: How does your patient, Doctor?
text: The Doctor takes a solemn breath.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: My Lord--
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Canst thou not minister to a mind diseas’d,
text: Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow,
dialog: Raze out the written troubles of the brain,
dialog: And with some sweet oblivious antidote
dialog: Cleanse the stuff’d bosom of that perilous stuff
dialog: Which weighs upon the heart?
text: The Doctor has no idea how to respond. Macbeth motions for
text: him to come closer, smiling confidentially:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Doctor, the Thanes fly from me.
dialog: What rhubarb, cyme or what purgative drug,
dialog: Would scour these English hence? Hear’st thou of them?
text: The Doctor nods, terrified.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Ay, my good Lord: your royal preparation
dialog: Makes us hear something.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: If thou couldst, Doctor, cast
dialog: The water of my land, find her disease,
dialog: And purge it to a sound and pristine health,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I would applaud thee to the very echo,
dialog: That should applaud again.
text: Macbeth looks expectantly at the Doctor. Then:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: The Queen, my Lord, is dead.
text: Macbeth stares at him, confused for a second. His hand moves
text: to a strap of his armour but finds it isn’t there. The Doctor
text: watches him speechlessly. Finally, he turns to Lady Macbeth.
text: He treads over. The reality of his loss sinking in.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: She should have died hereafter:
dialog: There would have been a time for such a word.
text: He steps forward to her. Close. The air tremors out of him.
text: Then, as though speaking softly straight to her:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,
text: Creeps in this petty pace from day to day,
dialog: To the last syllable of recorded time;
dialog: And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
dialog: The way to dusty death.
text: His face cracks a little but he holds himself in. He exhales,
text: steadying, and collects her up in his arms. Lifting her from
text: the bed, clutching her as if she’s still alive.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
text: Out, out, brief candle.
dialog: Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player,
text: That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
text: And then is heard no more: it is a tale
text: Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
text: Signifying nothing.
text: He sits with the body. Stroking her hair. Tries to look down
text: at her again but closes his eyes. Lost. Behind him, the
text: Maidservant starts to cry.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: What is that noise?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It is the cry of women, my good Lord.
text: Macbeth hardly seems to hear. Holding his wife’s lifeless
text: body in his arms.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I have almost forgot the taste of fears.
dialog: The time has been, my senses would have cool'’d
text: To hear a night-shriek; and my fell of hair
text: Would at a dismal treatise rouse, and stir,
dialog: As life were in’t. I have supp’d full with horrors:
text: Direness, familiar to my slaughterous thoughts,
dialog: Cannot once start me.
text: As he peers down at her, a Messenger enters. Macbeth barely
text: looks up.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Thy story, quickly.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Gracious my Lord,
dialog: I should report that which I say I saw,
dialog: But know not how to do’t.
text: Macbeth’s face settles at this. He knows what’s coming.
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/CHAMBER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Macbeth strides through the castle chamber. A fatal
text: determination in him now. Calling out:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Seyton! -- I am sick at heart,
dialog: When I behold -- Seyton, I say!
text: Silence. He sits on the throne. Speaking to himself:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: This push
dialog: Will cheer me ever, or disseat me now.
text: Seyton hurries in. Macbeth looks up at him. Quiet now.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I have liv’d long enough: my way of life
dialog: Is fall’n into the sere, the yellow leaf;
dialog: And that which should accompany old age,
dialog: As honour, love, obedience, troops of friends,
dialog: I must not look to have; but in their stead,
text: Curses, not loud, but deep, mouth-honour, breath,
dialog: Which the poor heart would fain deny, and dare not.
dialog: Seyton?
speaker_heading: SEYTON
dialog: All is confirm’d, my Lord, which was reported.
text: Macbeth is expressionless.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I'll fight, till from my bones my flesh be hack’d.
dialog: Give me my armour.
speaker_heading: SEYTON
dialog: ‘Tis not needed yet.
text: Macbeth launches up to his feet in sudden fury:
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I‘1l put it on!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BIRNAM WOOD - DUSK
text: FLAMES rage around us, as ghoulish silhouettes of ENGLISH
text: SOLDIERS set torches to the trees of Birnam wood. The blaze
text: bathing the world in red, like a descent into hell.
text: From out of their ranks we find a lone figure: MACDUFF,
text: dressed as a Scottish warrior, war-paint streaking his face.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/PLAIN - DUSK
text: SMOKE billows over the castle from the inferno. Cloaking it
text: in the blackness of a false night.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BATTLEMENT - DUSK
text: From the battlements, Macbeth stares out at the burning
text: landscape. Other MEN from his army gather in behind him,
text: their mouths gaping in disbelief.
text: The DARK SMOKE is palling around them, blown from the fiery
text: forest. BIRNAM WOOD is entirely ENGULFED IN FLAMES across the
text: plain, the blaze snaking into the sky.
text: Within the dark plume of smoke, tiny EMBERS of charred wood
text: float delicately towards the castle. Glowing bright orange,
text: red and yellow, they mingle with the blackness of the fog.
text: We follow ONE OF THE EMBERS as it dances in the wind and
text: eventually comes to find...
text: ... MACBETH’S PALM, held out in the air. He brings it back
text: in. And we notice: his hand entirely still now. Under
dialog: control.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: (hushed, to himself)
dialog: And now a wood
text: Comes toward Dunsinane.
text: His mouth dries. His face becomes resolute.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
text: Ring the alarum bell. Arm, arm, and out.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRNAM WOOD - NIGHT
text: Macduff emerges from the flames onto the edge of the
text: battlefield. Armed. Ready. He bellows for his nemesis:
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Tyrant, show thy face!
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/PLAIN - NIGHT
text: Macbeth and his few remaining Soldiers appear from the gates
text: of the castle into the red haze of the plain before it.
dialog: Amongst them, we can pick out some of the Recruits that
text: survived the battle with Macdonwald. They are petrified,
text: their leader now seeming like a stranger to them.
text: Macbeth briefly checks over his weaponry as he did in the
text: opening: the sword, the daggers. The warrior again. He stoops
text: to fill his hand with black Scottish soil, daubs it over his
dialog: face.
text: He then sucks in a breath, savouring what’s to come. And he
text: starts to walk forward fearlessly at the front of this meagre
text: rank, sword held aloft, right into the thick swirls of smoke.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: There is nor flying hence, nor tarrying here.
dialog: I ‘gin to be aweary of the sun,
dialog: And wish th’estate o’th’world were now undone.
dialog: Blow, wind! Come, wrack!
dialog: At least we’ll die with harness on our back.
text: Suddenly out of the flames charge -- THREE ENGLISH SOLDIERS.
text: They attack Macbeth, but he brings them each down with quick
text: successive blows of his broadsword.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: They have tied me to a stake: I cannot fly,
dialog: But, bear-like, I must fight the course. What’s he,
dialog: That was not born of woman? Such a one
dialog: Am I to fear, or none.
dialog: 81.
text: Macbeth breaks into a run, taking out TWO MORE SOLDIERS as he
text: goes. Then THREE MORE. Then another THREE. Fearless,
text: invincible. Alone at the front of the fight.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Why should I play the Roman fool, and die
dialog: On mine own sword? Whiles I see lives, the gashes
dialog: Do better upon them...
text: He stabs his sword into another, brutal, when...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Turn, Hell-hound, turn!
text: At the cry, Macbeth’s head stiffens. The voice familiar. He
text: hesitates for a second, then turns slowly, sword in one hand,
dialog: dagger in the other, to see:
text: Macduff walking towards him from the smoke, revenge sunken
text: into his features.
text: The other English Soldiers are holding back behind him.
text: Macbeth glances round. His own men are standing off too. As
text: if allowing this confrontation to take place. The war between
text: nations resting on these two enemies’ fates.
text: Macbeth looks back coolly.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Of all men else I have avoided thee,
dialog: But get thee back, my soul is too much charg'd
dialog: With blood of thine already.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: I have no words;
text: My voice is in my sword.
text: Macbeth readies himself. And at that -- Macduff CHARGES,
text: sword raised.
text: Macbeth throws up his blade -- but Macduff strikes down in a
text: storm of blows. Macbeth dodging and countering fiercely.
text: Again and again Macduff unleashes attacks with all his might -
text: - but Macbeth parries them all. A man without fear. Forcing
text: his opponent to tire himself. And, just as Macduff flags a
dialog: little --
text: Macbeth seizes the opportunity and launches forward, an
text: unstoppable force.
text: Macduff desperately tries to avoid his strikes. His breath
text: becoming more laboured, his defences weaker.
dialog: 82.
text: Macbeth’s strikes draws closer and closer to their target --
text: and suddenly he breaks through Macduff’s guard and SLASHES
text: his blade across his shoulder. Macduff SCREAMS OUT and
text: stumbles back.
text: Macbeth looks over at him. Defiant. Offering him survival.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Thou losest labour:
dialog: As easy may’st thou the intranchant air
dialog: With thy keen sword impress, as make me bleed.
text: But Macduff raises himself up again, beckoning Macbeth to
text: come on, clenching his sword in his fist.
text: Macbeth lunges. Macduff blocks. The two warriors duck and
text: weave, Macbeth heaving forth a series of heavy blows with his
text: sword. But then, too confident now, Macbeth overstretches
dialog: himself in anger and --
text: Macduff dodges aside and comes back like lightning, SLICING
text: ACROSS MACBETH’S STOMACH with his blade.
text: Macbeth staggers past him in shock. Turns, furious, when
dialog: suddenly...
text: He FREEZES. Everything seeming to still for a moment, as in
text: the battle at the opening.
text: For, in the smoke behind Macduff, Macbeth catches sight of:
scene_heading: FOUR FAMILIAR FIGURES ADVANCING.
text: The WITCHES. Present somehow before him on this battleground.
text: Macbeth stares at them. Then --
text: He DRIVES his broadsword into the ground and turns back to
text: Macduff, drawing a lighter blade. Willing his fate to come
dialog: on.
text: He hurls himself forward in an attack, parrying blow after
text: blow until he SWIPES HIS SWORD ACROSS MACDUFF’S LEG.
text: Macduff screams out, lashes at Macbeth again. But Macbeth
text: ducks aside -- so Macduff grapples him in a lock. SLAMMING
text: PUNCHES into his enemy’s flank, his exhaustion making their
text: fight even more brutal now, more primitive.
text: With a yell, Macbeth shoves Macduff away and swings back with
text: his sword. Macduff reels away -- but Macbeth closes in,
text: PUNCHING him in the face and HEADBUTTING him.
dialog: 83.
text: Macduff drops his weapon at the pain, tries to grapple
text: Macbeth again -- but Macbeth turns and uses the momentum to
text: THROW HIM OVER HIS SHOULDER to the ground.
text: He straddles his foe. HURLS HIS FIST down into Macduff’s face
text: again and again to weaken him. Desperate now, Macduff rolls
text: Macbeth over, pulling out a dagger and thrusting down --
text: -- but Macbeth catches his arm in the crook of his elbow and
text: SNAPS IT just in time. Macduff CRIES OUT in agony. In the
text: instant Macbeth HEAVES him over onto his back again, ripping
text: the blade from Macduff’s hand and driving it down at his neck
dialog: when --
text: Macduff throws up his hands to block the strike at the last
text: second. Macbeth forces the blade down towards Macduff’s
text: throat, struggling hard against his desperate resistance.
text: He speaks, right into Macduff’s face as he wrestles the point
dialog: closer for the kill:
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Let fall thy blade on vulnerable crests;
dialog: I bear a charmed life; which must not yield
dialog: To one of woman born
text: Macduff gasps. The Witches still looking on, as...
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Despair thy charm;
dialog: And let the Angel whom thou still hast serv’d
dialog: Tell thee, Macduff was from his mother’s womb
text: Untimely ripp’d.
text: At this, suddenly -- Macbeth’s grip loosens. His eyes
text: deadened by the words. Shocked.
text: Thrown, he looks up at those around him.
text: And there, in the ranks of the Soldiers, he sees THE YOUNG
scene_heading: BOY SOLDIER.
text: Macbeth turns his gaze back to Macduff.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: Acursed be that tongue that tells me so,
dialog: For it hath cow’d my better part of man.
text: Macbeth lowers his blade a little. Broken by this news. He
text: sinks back on his haunches, completely drained.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘1l not fight with thee.
dialog: 84.
text: Seizing his chance, still caught in the fight -- Macduff
text: lashes out with his blade, SLICING MACBETH across the gut.
text: Macbeth flinches at the blow. Then Macduff STRIKES AGAIN.
text: Distantly feeling the pain, Macbeth grips his wounded
text: stomach. Blood tumbling out over his hands.
text: But, summoning strength, he stands. Turns his back on
dialog: Macduff.
text: The nightmare he is in suddenly dawns on him. He looks around
text: the battlefield like he is waking from a dream. Not
text: understanding where he is or how he got here. A brief moment
text: of clarity from the murky hell of his mind.
text: He looks back to his young Soldiers -- the ones he led into
text: battle against Macdonwald. But one by one, they drop their
text: swords and walk away from him into the smoke.
text: He meets Seyton’s eyes last of all. As Seyton lowers his gaze
text: and follows after them.
text: Macbeth has been deserted entirely, the last vestiges of
dialog: loyalty his men once owed him gone. The truth of what he has
text: become piercingly clear: a tyrant. A murderer. A forsaken
dialog: warrior. Alone.
text: Behind him, Macduff rises up to his feet.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Then yield thee, coward,
dialog: And live to be the show and gaze o’th’time:
dialog: I will have thee, as our rarer monsters are,
text: Painted upon a pole, and underwrit,
dialog: “Here may you see the tyrant.”
text: Macbeth turns back round to face him -- and makes out the
text: indistinct forms of six men on horseback watching the fight.
text: Malcolm, Rosse, Angus and THREE ENGLISH LORDS.
text: At this sight, Macbeth locks eyes with Macduff. Refusing to
dialog: give in to this humiliation. To surrender everything he has
dialog: fought for.
speaker_heading: MACBETH
dialog: I will not yield,
text: To kiss the ground before young Malcolm's feet,
text: And to be baited with the rabble’s curse.
dialog: Though Birnam wood be come to Dunsinane,
dialog: And thou oppos’d, being of no woman born,
dialog: Yet I will try the last.
dialog: 85.
text: With painful effort, Macbeth pulls a last dagger from a
text: sheath on his leg. He steps towards Macduff, urging it on.
speaker_heading: MACBETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Before my body
dialog: I throw my warlike shield: lay on, Macduff;
dialog: And damn'd be him that first cries, ‘Hold, enough!’
text: He reaches out -- strong even in the face of his fate -- and
text: clasps his arm around Macduff’s neck. The two men stare into
text: one another’s eyes. And, finally, with all his force --
text: Macduff DRIVES HIS SWORD DEEP INTO MACBETH’S GUT, plunging it
text: right through him for the fatal blow.
text: Macbeth’s face stiffens, frozen in a flicker of brief pain.
text: Blood pours out from his gut.
text: Macduff looks into Macbeth’s dying face as Macbeth clings to
text: him. Two warriors ruined by fate. Still on their feet.
dialog: Until...
text: Macduff yanks his sword free. And, as one, they collapse down
text: to the ground.
text: Flecks of ash and fire float in the air above them.
text: On his knees, Macbeth sees the Witches finally turn their
text: back on him and walk away.
text: And, at long last, his eyes lilt to a close.
dialog: Dead.
text: Macduff stares. His sole reason to live now extinguished.
text: In the quiet, Malcolm, Rosse, Angus and the Three English
text: Thanes ride up to him on their horses.
text: Malcolm looks down at the fallen king. Vestiges of admiration
text: still wrestling over his brow. Once his hero. Now his fallen
dialog: foe.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: He’s worth more sorrow,
dialog: And that I‘’1l spend for him.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: He’s worth no more.
dialog: This way, my Lord; the castle’s gently render’d.
text: At this, Macduff looks up to Malcolm from Macbeth’s broken
text: body, exhausted and drained. Bitterly:
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MACDUFF
dialog: Hail. King of Scotland.
text: Angus takes up the call, turning to the Soldiers behind:
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Hail, King of Scotland!
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS (0.S)
dialog: Hail, King of Scotland!
text: The sound of ten thousand voices echoes through the air. And
text: Malcolm rides on towards Dunsinane Castle. The English army
text: following behind their new king.
text: Macduff watches row after row of ENGLISH SOLDIERS in shining
text: chain-mail march past the fallen warrior before him.
text: Macbeth’s lifeless body is still upright on its knees, as if
text: defying even death itself. Cinders and ash swirling around
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/PLAIN - LATER
text: Dawn sunlight creeps in. The smoke has dissipated a little,
text: the trees of Birnam Wood still smouldering in the cool air.
text: Macbeth’s body is now coated in the ash that has fallen
text: around him. The ground black with it all. His figure deserted
text: in the middle of this desolate battlefield.
text: Then, the form of a young boy emerges from the smoke. He’s
text: not in armour, but wrapped in warm rags. He walks over to
text: Macbeth’s corpse and kneels at it, as we see --
text: It is FLEANCE. He looks wilder than before, neglected. But he
text: studies Macbeth with fascination.
text: Then, with great effort, he walks over to Macbeth’s sword in
text: the ground and pulls it free.
scene_heading: INT. DUNSINANE/GREAT HALL - DAY
text: Malcolm sits alone in the grand hall. Duncan's iconic sword
text: resting in his hands. The room prepared for his imminent
dialog: coronation.
text: He slowly unsheaths the sword from its scabbard. And his arm
text: begins to tremble.
dialog: 87.
dialog: Whether from the weight of the ceremonial blade or the
dialog: realisation of his new responsibility, we do not know.
text: He stands and looks round at the empty THRONE. At his CROWN
text: resting on its seat.
text: Then, he turns towards the vast doors of the chamber. From it
text: an impenetrable shaft of light is beaming down on him.
text: He begins to walk towards it, sword in hand. As...
scene_heading: EXT. DUNSANINE CASTLE/PLAIN - DAY
text: Fleance feels the weight of Macbeth’s sword in his hands. He
text: casts a glance back toward the looming castle behind him.
text: Then looks round to the woods from which he came. As if he is
dialog: able to see something in them that we can’t.
text: And there, we see that A THICK WALL OF MIST has formed, just
text: like in the opening battle. Its depths seem hungry,
text: impenetrable.
text: A RUMBLE starts to build from deep within it.
text: Fleance squares himself up, breath trembling. He begins to
text: walk towards the mist, the sword’s tip trailing in the ash
text: behind him.
text: We track with him as he raises the weapon, heavy in his hand,
text: and breaks to a RUN -- a sprint, wild, panting desperately --
text: when finally we PLUNGE WITH HIM INTO THE WHITENESS and...
scene_heading: SNAP TO BLACK
scene_heading: FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
scene_heading: BEST ADAPTED SCREENPLAY
text: Todd Louiso, Jacob Koskoff, Michael Lesslie
dialog: Based on the play Macbeth
dialog: by William Shakespeare
dialog: y
scene_heading: THE WEINSTEIN COMPANY
dialog: www.TWCAwards.com
dialog: 
