dialog: ‘Made in Dagenham'
dialog: By
dialog: William Ivory
text: Keep On Running By The Spencer Davis Group, thunders over
dialog: titles and-
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE IN DAGENHAM - DAY
text: RITA O’GRADY and her husband EDDIE, both late twenties,
text: step onto the balcony of a flat on a massive housing
text: estate in East London. With them are their two children,
speaker_heading: GRAHAM and SHARON.
text: They kiss the kids goodbye as another man, also in blue
text: overalls, emerges from the flats, clambers onto a bike
text: and sets off down the car-less streets. Rita and Eddie
text: grab their own bikes, and ride off into an ever
text: broadening stream of people.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - DAY
text: On another part of the estate, a much younger woman,
text: SANDRA, emerges from a flat, waves to her mum on a
text: balcony above and hops onto her bike. She wobbles off,
text: the white patent leather boots she is wearing make
dialog: balance something of a challenge.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - DAY
text: Sandra filters in with the great tide of cyclists pouring
text: from the Estate beneath the baking sun. We see them from
text: high above. Sandra spots Eddie and Rita, calls out and
text: speeds up to join them.
scene_heading: INT. FORD MAIN PLANT - DAY
text: The tide has become a flood as more and more cyclists
text: freewheel through town and down a hill towards a massive
text: industrial complex with a blue neon sign above it: FORD
speaker_heading: MOTORS.
text: As they approach the factory, the cyclists diverge, men
text: one way, women the other. Several people stop and kiss at
text: the point of divergence, including Eddie and Rita. Then
text: he pushes off towards the Main Plant, brand new and state
text: of the art while she turns her bike towards a crumbling
text: nineteen twenties monolith the River Plant. We follow
text: Rita, as she cycles between the blackened, paint peeled
text: buildings to a series of bike racks, There, along with
text: Sandra, Eileen, Brenda and Monica, she dismounts and
text: glancing at the hot sun, passes into the factory. MUSIC
scene_heading: FADES. CREDITS END. ACROSS THIS-—
scene_heading: DAGENHAM. ENGLAND. MAY 1968
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 1A
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT - DAY
text: On the shop floor, a cramped, filthy, windowless place,
text: chatter and laughter rings out. The girls, nearly 200 of
text: them, roll down their overalls and tie the arms off in
text: front of them, revealing bras or camisoles. And as Rita
text: enters and moves to her bench, we drop to floor level and
text: see that nearly all of the women have now removed their
text: shoes. As Rita, threading up her sewing machine, wipes a
text: bead of sweat away from her face, we understand why: the
text: place is an oven! Rita grabs a box of vinyl pieces as
text: Eileen walks past, revealing a ferocious wired bra.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 2
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Bloody hell, Eileen, you got more support
dialog: there than the Arsenal-
text: Eileen makes to retort but is interrupted by a the sound
text: of a hooter.
text: Almost at once there is the noise of a
text: generator engaging and then a staggering cacophony as 200
text: sewing machines start to clatter away. Talk impossible,
text: the women get down to work.
text: Rita pulls several pieces from the box beside her and
text: picks up a car headrest frame. She arranges the vinyl
text: around the frame and starts to machine it into place. It
text: is hugely intricate but nevertheless she sews at
text: breathtaking speed and quickly completes the first item.
text: She places it on a trolley behind her and grabs the next
dialog: frame.
scene_heading: EXT. DAGENHAM HIGH STREET - DAY
text: Silence. The street is utterly deserted. And we see how
dialog: bare, how basic, how unlike the Swinging Sixties, is
text: Dagenham. And then, we see a lone figure, CONNIE, late
text: forties, cycling towards the plant as fast as she can.
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT - DAY
text: Rita curses.
text: One of her nails is chipped. She wipes sweat
text: away again and resumes her work at a ferocious speed,
text: finishing another headrest. As she reaches for the next
text: frame, Connie enters, flustered-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Sorry I’m late-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (smiles; shouts)
dialog: Everything alright?
dialog: Connie looks
text: across from threading her machine.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah. Just overslept.
dialog: Connie takes
dialog: water on the
dialog: her machine,
dialog: above with a
text: off her shoes, places a washing up bowl of
text: floor and stands in it. Then she turns to
text: hassled. But, suddenly, something drops from
text: thud. Connie jumps, startled. It is a dead
text: bird, entangled in cotton threads. Already there’s
text: laughter from those who saw the near miss. Connie tenses;
text: staring at the animal on her work bench with a steely
text: expression. She’s not in the mood. Instantly, more
dialog: laughter.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 3
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Least it didn’t shit on you. They do that
dialog: sometimes. ‘Fore they die.
text: Connie picks up the bird and marches to the bin with it.
text: Rita looks to the rafters where hundreds of other birds
text: hang dead. She then turns back to Connie, trying not to
text: laugh, as she arrives at her place. But immediately, the
text: hooter sounds again and the power to the machines is
text: switched off. The girls start to make themselves decent-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Ladies...If I could just interrupt you a
dialog: second-
text: Rita looks to the far doorway. There, a man in his late
text: fifties, in blue overalls, waits, staring at the floor,
text: in a well practised manoeuvre. This is ALBERT FINCHAM.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Stand by your beds, men!
text: The girls laugh but all around there is also a hubbub of
text: excited chatter as they complete getting dressed. Connie,
text: however, hurries down the aisles and shunts the girls
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Come on! Hurry up-
text: The noise levels have risen considerably.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Get down the front-
text: She claps her hands and shouts to the back rows-
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Girls-
dialog: (turns; shouts)
dialog: In you come, Albert-
text: He enters and walks to the front. Connie moves across and
text: stands by Albert’s side, facing the girls. He leans into
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Thank you, Connie-
text: Albert climbs onto a bench and the noise rises
text: accordingly. Voices are calling out: “What’s happening,
text: then? What they decided?” Albert struggles to speak over
dialog: the top.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. Alright...Hang on. I’1l...If you’d
dialog: just shut up a minute!
dialog: The uieten
dialog: ( y (More) )
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 3A
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Right, well...to quote Winston Churchill
dialog: himself: it ain’t the end. It ain’t even
dialog: the beginnin’ of the end. But it may well
dialog: be the end of the beg-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Albert, for fuck’s sake, get on with it-
text: The women laugh. Several call out.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Please! Ladies! I’m doin’ me best here-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 4
text: A shout that he’s lovely when he’s cross. Albert sags but
text: gradually, the girls are quiet. He nods, relieved.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you...
dialog: (clears throat)
dialog: So...The deadline we set the management,
dialog: to respond to our complaint about how
dialog: they’ve re-graded you...”un-
text: skilled”...has now passed.
dialog: (voices shout; serious this
dialog: time)
dialog: And they still ain’t got back to us-
dialog: (louder cries)
dialog: Which means!...you gotta vote! On the
dialog: threat we made in that original
dialog: communiqué: an immediate ban on all
dialog: overtime and a one day stoppage - to
dialog: happen on the 29th of May.
text: (silence. Eileen glances at
dialog: Rita, nervously)
dialog: All them for industrial action: hands up.
text: Rita’s determined face. Her arm goes straight up. She
text: looks round. All of the other hands are up, too.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Against?
dialog: (no one)
dialog: Thank you. 187 to nil. I’m seein’ the
dialog: Management first thing tomorrow mornin’.
dialog: I’‘1l inform ‘em of your decision.
text: A stunned moment, then as Albert steps down, a huge cheer
text: and applause as and the women break into groups, talking
text: excitedly. Eileen grabs Rita.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: We done it!
text: Rita looks nervous, too.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: First time for everything...
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Fuck ‘em. That’s what I say. Every other
dialog: bugger round here goes on strike. Why
dialog: shouldn't we?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Yeah. Just...maybe don’t put it like that
dialog: if you get interviewed by David Frost,
dialog: eh?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 5
text: Everyone laughs and the girls return to their benches,
text: still chattering furiously. In the doorway, Albert
text: watches the women going back to their positions. A young
text: lad, BRIAN, passes by, sweeping the corridor. Albert
text: looks to him, indicating the girls.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: I fought Rommel, you know. I was never
dialog: once scared like I am when I go in there.
text: The hooter sounds and the machines start up again.
text: Immediately the door slides shut, just as the girls begin
text: to disrobe.
scene_heading: INT. DAGENHAM DOCK CLUB - EVENING
text: The sports and social club has been decorated with
text: streamers and balloons. Young Girl by Gary Puckett plays
text: on a large portable record player, perched on the stage
text: at one end of the room. However, the dark suits and knee
text: length skirts of the packed dance floor bring to mind the
dialog: nineteen fifties, not the sixties.
text: The joint is jumping, nevertheless. And standing at a
text: corner table, Rita throws down a large gin before rushing
text: back to Eddie, caught in the thick of the dancing. Close
text: to him is Connie, with GEORGE, her husband, a couple of
text: years younger, angular and handsome, moving stiffly. Also
text: nearby are Eileen and Dave. Eddie spins Rita rather too
text: vigorously and she nearly goes over, laughing, as he
text: grabs her again. Then, suddenly, the music stops and
text: everyone is plunged into near darkness. Moans and
text: complaints from the floor as a Dave runs towards the
dialog: record player.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Alright! Hold your horses-—
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: (to Dave)
dialog: This happens every time-
text: More shouts of derision.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: He puts the wrong fuse in. I keep tellin’
dialog: him-
text: Then suddenly a piano sounds out. Heads spin towards the
text: back of the room where the older folk are gathered.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Oh, God! Give him half a chance and he’s
dialog: in there-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 10
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 6
text: Albert is playing “MY OLD MAN.” The oldsters immediately
text: start singing along, to groans from the youngsters.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: -Bleedin’ Liberace-
text: But then, the power is back on and Rita puts the record
text: player on again, drowning out Albert. It’s Sandie Shaw's,
dialog: Always Something There To Remind Me. A big cheer. Rita
text: and the others start dancing. She looks across to a
text: peeved Albert and winks at him. He’s not amused. Eddie
dialog: leans in-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Here, where’s Brenda gone?
text: Rita looks uneasy. She shrugs. Eddie nods and whisks her
text: off again.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - EVENING 9
text: A man grunts and thrusts. He’s having sex, eyes shut,
text: across the back seat of his motor. Beneath him, Brenda
text: stares at a tear along the seam of the front passenger
text: seat. The man opens his eyes and finally stops thrusting.
text: At last Brenda looks at him.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Your trim. That’ll be hangin’ right off
dialog: in a day or two, that will...
dialog: (points to tear on seam)
dialog: And I bet I know the girl what sowed it,
dialog: n’all.
text: (nods, smugly. He is stunned)
dialog: Go on, then. Chop chop. Or we’1ll miss the
dialog: buffet.
text: He hesitates, then goes for it anyway. Brenda, head
text: rocking, looks back to the edge of the seat: typical.
scene_heading: INT. DAGENHAM DOCK CLUB - EVENING 10
text: Empty glasses are placed on a tray.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Right! Who wants another? George? You're
dialog: finished-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Naah. Be up all night-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Go on! Let your hair down.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 7
text: He relents. Connie pushes her own across.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Same again for me, ta!
text: Rita smiles, just as a figure lurches into her.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Who’s next, then?
text: Sandra, in a much shorter skirt than the others, also
text: with a bee hive hair-do, wears a sash which says 21 TODAY
text: and sways alarmingly.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You sure you don’t wanna sit down five
dialog: minutes, Sandra?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You’re jokin’...
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: What about some food...?
dialog: (to Eileen)
dialog: She won’t eat nothin’...
dialog: (to Sandra)
dialog: There’s Scotch eggs-
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (to Rita)
dialog: I’1l have a snowball...Come on, George.
dialog: You ain’t tripped the whatsit with me
dialog: yet, have you?
text: She weaves back onto the floor and is soon involved in
text: something very sixties and very unstable. Rita watches
text: her, then looks back to George uneasily. He starts to
dialog: move, but it’s an effort-—
speaker_heading: ALBERT (V.O.)
dialog: Do you mind, George...If I have this
dialog: one...?
text: They turn; Albert is staring across at Sandra; he bends
text: to one side, limbering up. Rita smiles at Albert’s
text: gesture. He turns to Connie.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Like to keep me hand in...Jitterbug,
dialog: Twist. All them...
text: He takes a deep breath and prepares to stride out-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Yeah, well, don’t overdo it...
dialog: (Albert turns to her)
dialog: Give yourself an heart attack...We need
dialog: you tomorrow-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 8
text: Albert tuts, piqued. Then he strides out onto the floor.
text: Rita smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK CLUB - NIGHT 11
text: Sandra sways. Then Dave and Eileen take her by either arm
text: and set off, to escort her home. Finally, Rita and Eddie
text: are left alone in the still night air. Rita takes a deep,
text: contented breath. Then she kisses Eddie on the mouth.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What was that for?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Nothin’. Like you. That’s all...
text: He is staring at her in wonder. And lust. He tries to
dialog: grab her.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Come here-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Ooy-
text: She skips away, laughing.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Ri-ta!
text: She turns and looks back at him.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Not out in the street-
text: She grins and runs off. He chases after her. She easily
text: keeps her distance.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Oh, you’re better than that, are you!
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Yes, I am, actually.
text: Then she goes over on one of her high heels. They laugh
dialog: together.
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAY 12
text: A big screaming guitar solo from Cream’s Crossroads- And
text: Rita re-tunes the radio, exhaling heavily. She feels
dialog: dreadful.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 9
text: She settles on Born Free by Matt Monroe, then takes a
text: drag on a fag, finishes ironing a shirt and moves across
text: to a cooker where she removes a pan of beans from the
text: heat. She spoons them onto three plates, eggs and bacon
text: already in place, then pauses again, feeling sick. Rita
text: places the plates on the table. In front of Sharon, her
text: daughter (8) who is reading a comic. Graham, their eleven
text: year old son enters, still in his pyjamas.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Graham...You’re gonna be late-
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I don’t feel very well...
text: Rita frowns, crosses and feels Graham’s forehead.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You’re not hot.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: It’s me stomach.
text: It's said very quickly. Then he tucks into his breakfast.
text: Rita watches and frowns. Graham eats with the fork in his
text: left hand, his right, clenched. She takes it. He resists
text: but Rita fixes him with her gaze and he unclenches his
text: fist as she turns it over. His palm has angry red wields
text: across it. Rita is shocked.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I never done nothin’-
text: (she looks him right in the
dialog: eye)
dialog: Honest.
text: She stares. Nods. It’s enough.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Mr Clarke again?
text: He looks uncertain.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yeah.
text: Rita holds her temper. Just.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Have your breakfast and go and get
dialog: dressed-
dialog: (he makes to speak)
dialog: I’1l deal with it...It’ll be fine.
text: She says it with utter conviction. He nods, relieved.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 10
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE, BEDROOM - DAY 13
text: Rita pulls back the sheets on their bed.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Oy! Lover boy!
text: Eddie lies face down on the bed. He wears nylon pyjama
text: bottoms. He moans.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Clear off. I’m dyin’.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: We're all dyin’. And we all gotta go to
dialog: work...Clean shirt-
text: She drapes it over him. And walks to the door. She looks
text: back. He hasn’t moved. She crosses, removes the shirt and
text: tips a bedside glass of water over his back. He yelps,
text: leaps up and she walks out.
scene_heading: EXT. FACTORY - DAY 14
text: As clouds gather, the men (and only men) go about their
text: business outside. GORDON, late twenties, drives a
text: motorised trolley cart, full of completed seats. They
text: load brand new, shining Ford cars onto transporters. But
text: then, a crack of thunder and it starts to rain-
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY FLOOR - DAY 15
text: The thunder of the factory. The women work in silence.
text: Sweat drips from Rita’s face and she wipes her brow with
text: her sleeve. She’s moving with her usual speed, but with
text: something else, too; aggression, as she yanks hard at the
text: cotton threads she must cut off from around the
text: headrests. Then there is a moan. She turns. Connie has
text: stopped work and glugs from a bottle of Lucozade.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Never again, I swear.
text: Beside Connie, Eileen re-applies a cold flannel to the
text: back of her neck and Brenda downs a pint of milk. But
text: suddenly, spots of water are dripping through the roof.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh-
text: She looks up and grabs an umbrella which she wedges above
dialog: her station.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Alley-bloody-lujah-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 11
text: Brenda and several other girls step right under the rain,
text: to cool down. Eileen turns to Connie.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: You’1l go mad, takin’ that up and
dialog: down...It’s showers all day!
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I don’t care...It’s dangerous. Water and
dialog: electrics...Innit?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: What you talkin’ about? You’re standin’
dialog: in a bowl of the bloody stuff!
text: Rita smiles, then sees Sandra who is ashen white,
text: hurriedly place a headrest on the “DONE” trolley, just as
text: it’s pushed away. Rita frowns and grabs the item as the
text: trolley is wheeled behind her. She inspects it.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Con!....Connie!
dialog: (Connie turns)
dialog: Sandra's at it again-
dialog: (indicates a tear)
dialog: You’re gonna have to say somethin’-
text: Sandra, who blows bubble gum, sees Rita looking and
text: waves. Rita shouts.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t wave you silly cow, I’m moanin’
dialog: about you...
text: Rita removes her own item, in order to repair Sandra’s
text: work. Then she looks back to Connie.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: We can’t keep coverin’ for her.
dialog: (Connie looks worried)
dialog: They’re gonna find out, Con. And then
dialog: they’1l give her the boot.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’‘ll have a word.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (0.S.)
dialog: Connie...Con!-
text: She turns. Albert, wearing a suit and union badge, stands
text: directly in front of them, beaming.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Albert.
text: Then, her eyes indicate the slip she is wearing. And all
text: of the other half dressed girls, too.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 12
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Oh, Christ!
text: He looks down, averting his gaze. Rita, grinning, calls
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Maaaaaaaa-n!
text: The hooter sounds and power is turned off to the benches
text: as the girls dress. But noise remains; excited chatter
text: filling the air. When Albert looks up the whole shop
text: floor has shoved around Connie’s bench.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You were sayin’?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (instant smile again)
text: Meeting tomorrow. Ford headquarters. Down
dialog: at Warley!
text: The girls all glance at one another, stunned.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You’re jokin’-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (posh voice)
dialog: “The machinists? The machinists are
dialog: threatening strike action...” They
dialog: couldn't believe it!
text: (Chatter breaks out on the
dialog: floor. Albert leans in)
dialog: Right. They’1l have Hopkins there. Jones.
dialog: And Grant...He’s a right miserable sod.
dialog: Which means we need one more.
dialog: (Eileen frowns)
dialog: Little principle I learnt in the war,
dialog: Eileen: success in battle is very simple.
dialog: Turn up with more on your side than
dialog: they’ve got on theirs and turn up when
dialog: they’re least expectin’ it.
dialog: (back to Connie)
dialog: In this case we’re booked in for two
dialog: thirty, so we'll get there at half
dialog: one...Monty Taylor’1l come from Union
dialog: head office, I make two, you’re three, so-
dialog: (smiles; looks round)
dialog: -who’s gonna be the extra man? Any
dialog: takers?
text: And instantly all noise has stopped. The girls stare back
text: at Albert uncertainly. He tuts, disappointed. He looks to
dialog: Brenda.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 16
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 13
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Fuck off!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Oh, come on...It’s a day off-
text: All hands go up in the air. Several people call out, too.
text: Albert looks over the rows of faces, just as stymied as
text: before. But then he notices Rita. Their gazes lock again.
text: And he smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER PLANT - DAY 16
text: Rita wipes down her bench and tosses the off cuttings and
text: threads in a bin. The women are done for the day. She
text: hurries towards the exit. But her way is suddenly
text: blocked, as a forklift truck tows in a massive trailer
text: load of dismantled, un-upholstered seats.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: What you doin’ with them?
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: This new Escort. Looks like they finally
dialog: designed something people like.
text: The driver jumps down, unhooking the load.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Well they can get fucked! We’ve had our
dialog: vote! We ain’t doin’ no overtime!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Yeah, you took the plunge at last...
text: He doesn’t re-connect the trailer but climbs on board the
dialog: forklift, anyway, scoffing:
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Me and the boys was sayin’: we’d’ve gone
dialog: on strike years ago; just havin’ to turn
dialog: up in a pig hole like this! You know it’s
dialog: rainin’ in here, don’t you?
text: And he drives off. The women stare at the seats, suddenly
text: aware of what they are doing. Rita, frustrated by the
text: delay, leans in to Connie.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I’1l see you tomorrow-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Rita-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 14
speaker_heading: RITA (0.S.)
dialog: I gotta go!
text: And she has. Connie hesitates. Then she looks to the
text: girls and walks out. They follow her. Soon all that
text: remains are the seats, un-touched.
scene_heading: INT. WOMEN'S LOCKER ROOM- DAY 17
text: Rita is down to her underwear, already in high heels. She
text: slides a pencil skirt on, toppling against the cubicle
dialog: wall-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Christ-
text: Then she grabs a top-
text: Then she pulls on a top, runs in front of a mirror,
text: checks her teeth and is off-
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 18
text: It's stopped raining as Rita slides through a puddle on
text: her bike and stops. She jumps off and leans it against a
text: brick wall. She straightens her blouse and immediately
text: curses: one stocking is smeared with splashed up dirt.
text: She considers her options, then, glancing round, removes
text: it. Then the other one. Then she hurries round a corner
text: and approaches the Thomas A Becket Grammar School. It is
text: much leafier here and cars can be seen for the very first
text: time, most parked near the waiting mothers, gathered at
text: the gate. As Rita strides towards them, short skirted,
text: shapely legged, several women turn to look at her. Rita
text: stiffens slightly. A bell rings and the school starts to
dialog: let out.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY 19
text: A teacher, fifties, cleans a blackboard as Rita enters
dialog: the classroom.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Mr Clarke?
dialog: (he turns)
dialog: I wondered if I could have a word?
text: He considers her.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Of course-
text: He motions to a chair. Rita hesitates; it’s a pupil’s and
text: rather small. She sits anyway. He smiles.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 15
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: How may I help you?
text: His tone is clipped, Empire. Rita stares at the man.
dialog: There is no easy way. Finally-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You hit my son.
text: He frowns, confused. But Rita, hearing it said, feels
text: stronger. And more angry.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: On his hand. You caned him. And it ain’t
dialog: the first time.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Ah. Yes. O’Grady...I remember.
text: He smiles; not the slightest hint of remorse. Rita is
text: wrong footed. He crosses the room-
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Forgot his protractor. And it isn’t the
dialog: first time...
text: He nonchalantly collects some books. Rita flares-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I don’t care whether it’s the tenth time!
dialog: I don’t want you doin’ it!
text: She stops; knows she’s lost her temper but she holds his
text: gaze, nonetheless. He simply smiles, calmly.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Have you spoken to your husband about
dialog: this, Mrs O'Grady?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What?...No...I-
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I do find where matters of discipline are
dialog: concerned, that’s usually the best route-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: He’s my son!
text: Again she flinches inwardly. But again he seems calm.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: You live on the estate don’t you?
text: Rita is confused but also on guard now-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 16
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I don’t see what-
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: We find that those boys who come to us
dialog: from the estate often have difficulty in
dialog: adjusting to the standards of behaviour
dialog: required in a school like this...It’s not
dialog: really their fault. Their parents have
dialog: invariably never undergone the full
dialog: rigours of academic life-
text: He looks at her quizzically. And now Rita struggles to
text: hold his gaze. The teacher continues, pleased.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: So the boys can hardly look to them for
dialog: guidance...
text: Rita tries to keep her expression neutral.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: But they do adapt...In time...And I’m
dialog: sure your son will, too. If he’s just
dialog: given the chance.
text: He smiles, comes across and holds out his hand to shake.
text: Rita stares at it, utterly shocked.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL - DAY 20
text: Rita walks blindly away from the classroom, turns down a
text: corridor and stops. Ahead is a dead end. She quickly
text: retraces her steps, passing back round the corner.
text: Another woman, LISA, waits outside the classroom now. She
text: turns to face Rita. She is of a similar age, thin, and
text: impeccably dressed in expensive high street fashion. She
text: frowns, sensing Rita’s distress.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Are you alright?
text: She speaks with a posh voice. Rita trembles.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Fuck off!
text: Then Rita barges past her.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH STREET/NEW KIOSK- DAY 21
text: Rita is shaking, upset and angry. She fumbles in her bag
text: but her packet of fags is empty.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 16A
text: She walks towards a News Kiosk and steps to the front of
text: a small queue.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Ten John Player, please.
dialog: (hands across money)
dialog: Ta.
text: She looks down. A few magazines are laid out on top of a
text: tressel table. One of them is Vogue. It’s cover shows
text: Jean Shrimpton with short, slicked down hair and panda
text: eyes: the sixties of popular memory. The byline reads:
text: ALL CHANGE. Rita picks it up.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: And this, thank you.
text: She stands tall as she passes it over.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 17
speaker_heading: OMITTED 22
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE - NIGHT 23
text: TV pictures of The Prague Spring. A Czech student drops a
text: flower down the barrel of a soldier’s gun.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Russia said it was monitoring the
dialog: situation closely-
text: Audio fades.
speaker_heading: RITA (0.S.)
dialog: Tea’s ready...
text: Sharon looks round from the telly. Rita stands by the
text: door, a tea towel in her hands. Eddie is dozing on the
text: sofa and starts to rouse himself. Graham is at a table by
text: the wall where he is doing his homework. He turns and
text: Rita smiles at him.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright? Need any help?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Naah. It’s easy.
text: He packs his stuff up. Rita looks at him guiltily. But
text: then he turns suddenly and sees her staring.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Nothin’...You’re a good lad. That’s all.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 24
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 18
text: She ducks away from his gaze and moves to the TV. We see
text: that it is now showing an episode of The Magic
text: Roundabout; Sharon has turned over. But Rita switches
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Aw, mum-
text: Rita steps back into the kitchen. Eddie picks Sharon up
text: as he passes her. She giggles.
speaker_heading: SHARON (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, Dad, Martine Clarke’s got colour. I
dialog: seen it-
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 24
text: They start to sit round the table.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, well, we’ll have colour soon. Once
dialog: you can rent ‘em-
text: Rita looks to Eddie who takes up his knife and fork.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Eddie...We can’t go talkin’ about colour.
dialog: We ain’t paid for the fridge yet. And the
text: three piece is still on tick.
dialog: (he frowns; so?)
dialog: And now we got all this unrest at work.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (realising; laughing)
dialog: That! You had a vote, Rita. Unrest’s when
dialog: you actually come out and strike!
text: Rita’s face falls and Eddie looks immediately guilty.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, come on! Don’t look like that. I’m
dialog: only jokin’...I’m proud of you. We all
dialog: are...Stickin’ to your guns...We had a
dialog: book goin’ on the shop floor: no one
dialog: thought you’d even take the vote. So-
dialog: (nods positively)
dialog: Well done!
text: Sharon smiles at her mother, too. Rita looks from her,
text: back to Eddie. She isn’t sure quite how to take the
text: comment and finally she shrugs.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 19
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Well...It ain’t just a vote now. We got a
dialog: meetin’ tomorrow. With all the
dialog: bosses...And I’m goin’.
text: Her family stare back, stunned. She avoids eye contact.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: So...I'll plate your tea up, in the
dialog: mornin’. Then if I’m a bit late back,
dialog: you'll just need to heat it through.
text: Eddie nods relieved. And Rita feels suddenly piqued.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Apparently we go to a Berni Inn. On our
dialog: way there.
text: She takes a mouthful of her own food, still looking at
text: Eddie, a twinkle in her eyes.
scene_heading: 24A EXT. BERNI INN - DAY 24A
text: We see Connie, Rita, Albert and Monty enter the Berni
dialog: Inn.
scene_heading: 25 INT. BERNI INN - DAY 25
text: Red velour and a deep blue carpet. And in a far corner of
text: the restaurant, Rita and Connie, facing Albert and Monty
text: around a table. The two men wear dark suits, Rita and
text: Connie smart dresses; both have their hair set. Monty
text: reaches across and pours more Blue Nun into a wine glass
text: beside his empty pint pot. Then he carries on talking to
text: Albert in hushed tones. Rita finishes a slice of Black
text: Forest gateaux and moans with delight.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It's alright, innit?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: And that steak...
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: It's Monty, insists we come here, you
dialog: know...Long as the union’s payin’...
text: Rita smiles. Just as Monty leans across.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Here, Rita...Word of advice-
text: He stops; uses the corner of the menu to poke between his
text: teeth. Rita stares.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 19A
speaker_heading: MONTY (CONT'D)
dialog: -when we get there. Don’t be lured in. If
dialog: they seem to be askin’ you a question,
dialog: just look at your notebook and I’11 have
dialog: it. Above all, if I nod, you nod.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 20
text: Albert stares at Rita. She nods. But he keeps his eye on
text: her. However, Monty waves to a waiter-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Monty?
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: What? Thought we’d have one o’ them
dialog: liqueur coffees. Panatella maybe-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Yeah. We could...It’s just...If we don’t
dialog: go now, we’ll end up bein’ on time.
text: Monty considers Albert. The waiter arrives.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Yeah. Just the bill please.
text: Albert glances at Rita.
scene_heading: INT. FORD HEADQUARTERS, WARLEY - DAY 26
text: A young secretary rushes about her office.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I...I’m sorry...We weren’t expecting you
dialog: until-
text: She checks her appointments book. Albert and the others
text: are crowded around her desk, just inside the office.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: That's quite alright.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I’m not sure Mr Hopkins-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Honestly. It’s not a problem. Just let
dialog: him know, we’re here, anyway...At half
dialog: past. As arranged.
text: (She looks confused, then
text: hurries to an inner door)
dialog: And there’s four of us. If you need an
dialog: extra chair.
text: Rita smiles slightly, looking to Albert; sly old dog.
scene_heading: INT. MEETING ROOM - DAY 27
text: Now Rita exhales, frustrated. She sits in a dark, hot
text: room with no windows. It is silent.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 21
text: PETER HOPKINS Ford’s Head of Industrial Relations, late
text: thirties, sits beside two other men,GRANT and JONES both
text: middle aged, facing Monty, Albert, Rita and Connie. Rita
text: glances at the clock. Four fifteen. A black suited
text: PENTHOUSE STEWARDESS serves tea and coffee, no one says
dialog: thank you except Rita. Finally-
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: On a previous occasion, in a free vote,
dialog: the girls agreed to the new grading
dialog: structure-—
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: They did not agree, however, as to where
dialog: they would end up on it. Which is why
dialog: we're sittin’ round this table!
text: Silence again. Rita fidgets.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Look. I understand what the girls are
dialog: saying. I just don’t think that they
dialog: appreciate-
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: I'd rather you didn’t speak for the
dialog: girls, Mr Hopkins...None of us here knows
dialog: what's in their heads.
text: That comment makes Rita look across. She turns to Connie.
text: Her eyes are firmly on her note pad still.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: The fact remains, there is a formal
dialog: grievance procedure already in place. And
dialog: the machinists’ case will be heard. What
dialog: we can’t do, is let them jump the queue-
dialog: (Rita frowns)
dialog: -or every other Ford employee who is
dialog: waiting on a decision, will want our
dialog: blood!
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Peter. Look...You know me. I ain’t got no
dialog: axe to grind with Ford. Am I right or am
dialog: I right?
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: You’ve always been very fair.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Exactly...And we’re all men of the world
dialog: so-
text: Rita looks to Albert. This is getting too much.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 22
speaker_heading: MONTY (CONT’D)
dialog: -let’s cut to the chase, shall we? We’1l
dialog: agree to re-convene in two weeks time-
text: Albert stiffens. Rita looks appalled.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Monty?-
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Wait. Listen...We’ll re-convene...and
dialog: we'll come back down here again for the
dialog: day...And at that point, you’1ll guarantee
text: to look into the girls’ complaint.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: The thing is, Monty-
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: That way...you can go back to your bosses
dialog: and say the strike’s off, ‘cause of how
dialog: you handled today’s negotiations...and we
dialog: can go back to the girls and say they’re
dialog: now your number one priority...In a few
dialog: weeks time.
text: Hopkins glances at the other Ford men; counts to three.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: That seems very fair.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Yeah, well, I’m not sure the girls-
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: The girls'll be fine! So long as they
dialog: know they’re not just gettin’ fobbed off
dialog: by the management: the unions’s settin’
dialog: the terms. That’s what matters-—
speaker_heading: RITA (0.S.)
dialog: Bollocks!
text: All heads turn. And Rita blinks. But it’s said. And she
text: means it, she realises. She turns-—
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry Albert but...It is.
dialog: Bollocks...Three hours, we’ve been
dialog: sittin’ here now and-
dialog: (to Monty)
dialog: “That's what matters to the girls?”
dialog: How're you qualified to talk about what
dialog: matters? To us?...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 23
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: (looks to Connie who stares
dialog: back amazed)
dialog: What matters is this-
text: She reaches into her bag and throws a pile of vinyl
dialog: cuttings, of the kind we saw her machine at the start, in
text: front of Hopkins.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: There. You put them together-
dialog: (spreads them out)
text: 13 different bits. That makes up an head
dialog: rest cover...
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Ford property, I believe-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Oh, get stuffed-
dialog: (to Hopkins; on track)
dialog: What matters is that we have to take them
dialog: 13 different bits of material and imagine
dialog: how they fit together...’cause there
dialog: ain’t no template...and then we have to
text: sew ‘em, all free hand, into the finished
dialog: article! Same with seat covers and door
dialog: trim. And that is not unskilled work.
dialog: Which is how you've re-graded us! Christ,
dialog: you have to take an exam to get on our
dialog: line-
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Please, Miss-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Mrs!...O’Grady.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Mrs O'Grady, I understand your grievance.
dialog: But-—
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Oh, no! No, no, no, no...Don’t start with
dialog: all that again; all that I appreciate, I
dialog: sympathise...It ain’t difficult: we’re
dialog: entitled to semi-skilled. And the wages
dialog: what go with it-
dialog: (Hopkins makes to speak)
dialog: And!...as regards queue jumpin’, we put
dialog: this complaint in months ago-
dialog: (Albert is impressed)
dialog: -and you done nothin’ about it. And we
dialog: both know why you done nothin’ n’all,
dialog: don’t we? ‘Cause we’re women and the
dialog: women have never gone on strike. This is
dialog: the first time we've even suggested it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 28
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 24
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Which meant you thought you could keep
dialog: ignorin’ us...Well, hard bleedin’ cheese,
dialog: mate, ‘cause it’s too late now!
text: Albert's face. And Connie's.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re gonna do what we said we would. No
dialog: more overtime and an immediate twenty
dialog: four hour stoppage. And where it goes
dialog: from here, that’s up to you. Cause we
dialog: only open our gobs when we mean it!
text: Rita stands. A moment. The others stand too, dazed. The
text: meeting is clearly over.
scene_heading: EXT. FORD HEADQUARTERS, WARLEY - AFTERNOON 28
text: Rita drags on a cigarette by Albert's car, an old Ford
text: Corsair. She looks worried. Connie is with her. She looks
text: nervous too. The reason is about twenty yards away, by a
text: phone box: Albert being railed at by Monty. After a
text: moment Monty storms into the box and dials. Albert walks
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: He’s calling Branch. Tellin’ ‘em what you
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (nods )
dialog: He seems a bit...
text: She shrugs, awkwardly. They all look back to the phone
text: box. Monty rants. Then Albert fixes Rita with a stare and
text: points a spindly finger. And he grins.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: I knew....I knew. Up there-
text: (taps head. She frowns)
dialog: I wanted clever, Rita. That’s why I
dialog: picked you.
dialog: (she is stunned)
dialog: Bringin’ them cuttin’s in, though...that
dialog: was magnificent...I didn’t expect that:
dialog: you'd come prepared-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Oh, no. No. Grant was right. I was
dialog: nickin’ them...Eddie uses ‘em to patch up
dialog: his tent. For when we go campin’...
text: She nods at Albert apologetically. He stares.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 24A
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Yeah. Well...All the same...
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 25
text: And he walks off with as much dignity as he can muster.
text: At the car, he turns. He looks Rita in the eye.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave Monty to me.
text: Rita is wrong footed by Albert’s rapid re-focusing.
dialog: Connie steps forward-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: And what about the factory? The girls.
dialog: What you gonna say to them?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: I’m not gonna say anythin’, Con. You're
dialog: in charge on the shop floor. They’re your
dialog: business.
text: He smiles and ducks down into his car. Connie turns to
dialog: Rita.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You can speak to ‘em. It’s your bloody
dialog: fault.
text: She crosses to the car, too. And we see she is hiding a
text: smile, too. She clambers into the car. On Rita. Worried.
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT - AFTERNOON 29
text: The girls are all hard at work when the hooter sounds.
text: Brenda and Eileen start to make themselves decent but
text: then stop when they see who it is: Rita, standing on a
text: bench, looking out over them. Connie is beside her, at
text: ground level. A beat. Rita hesitates, glances to Connie,
text: then looks back again. She shouts:
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Everybody out!
text: A huge roar and the women push to the exit.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTMINSTER — DAY 30
text: Big Ben booms out and a new day dawns.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 31
text: Another pair of bare feet, the stockinged soles of which
text: scratch an itch beneath a large desk. Then, we see a sign
text: on the desk: SECRETARY OF STATE FOR EMPLOYMENT AND
text: PRODUCTIVITY and behind it, the petite figure of a woman
text: with flame red hair, pouring over a huge pile of manila
dialog: files.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 26
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Now, I realise this is my first day in
dialog: the job...And it may be that I’m missing
dialog: something here-
text: She speaks in a thick Lancashire accent which has poshed
text: up over the years. She looks up and stares at two clean
text: cut men in their twenties, her undersecretaries, who sit
text: opposite. Then she stands and walks from behind her desk.
text: She paces the room.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: But what I do know, is that when we were
dialog: elected two years ago, it was on a wave
dialog: of optimism, that the Labour Party would
dialog: utilise it’s close relationship with the
dialog: Unions to develop manufacturing industry;
dialog: to make it better serve the employer and
dialog: the employee
text: The man glance at each other uncertainly.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: I think that was part of the manifesto-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: It was, trust me.
text: Her tone is entirely rhetorical. She stares at the men.
text: Then she looks even more censorious-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: So what exactly have you been doing?
dialog: Since nineteen sixty six?
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY #2
dialog: I-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Two years! This department has had two
dialog: years to make a difference. Yet-
dialog: (stops herself)
dialog: Well... shall we see what’s been achieved
dialog: in the last twelve months?
text: She goes back to her desk; checks notes-—
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
text: 26,000 strikes. In the United Kingdom.
dialog: With 5 million working days lost as a
dialog: result. Unions and management barely
dialog: speaking to each other. Productivity
dialog: levels through the floor and our balance
dialog: of payments the wrong side of
dialog: catastrophic... it’s hardly the stuff to
dialog: set champagne corks popping, is it?
text: She stops; gathers herself.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 32
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 26aA
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: However, it is my intention to reverse
dialog: this trend... I have my own ideas as how
dialog: that might be achieved. But now I’d like
dialog: to hear your thoughts...
text: The men glance at each other.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t all shout at once...
dialog: (looks them up and down)
dialog: Gentlemen.
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - DAY 32
text: The front room of a small terrace; simpler and less plush
text: than Rita’s home. George sits in an armchair by the fire.
text: He looks pale. The newspaper is folded on his lap. He
text: blinks, a pronounced tic. And then Connie hurries in from
dialog: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Here you go-
text: She carries a fizzy glass of something. She holds it out
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Down in one-
text: He takes it. But then he doesn’t drink it. He places it
text: on a small table beside him and sits back, picking up the
text: paper as if she isn’t there.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta drink it, George...
text: He looks at her. Surprised. Zones in again.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yeah. Sorry...
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 26A
text: He downs it; winces.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It’s the latest stuff, that.
dialog: It's...He...reckons you'll really notice
dialog: a difference.
text: They stare at each other. He manages a smile. Then-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You gotta go, have you?
text: She holds his gaze and forces a beaming smile.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It’s important.
dialog: (grabs her jacket)
dialog: You know where I’1l be...
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Just don’t you be late.
text: She smiles, determined. He nods, unconvincingly. Then
text: she’s off. George watches the closed door.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 33
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 27
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER PLANT - DAY 33
text: A great mob of the striking women are gathered by the
text: locked River Plant gates. Several of them wave placards
text: and banners, excited, calling out to the many men who are
dialog: cycling into the main plant-
speaker_heading: BLOKE
dialog: Up the strikers...Specially you Brenda-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (flicking vees)
dialog: You wish!
speaker_heading: BLOKE TWO
dialog: Gaaaaarn...give ‘em what for-
text: Rita smiles at Eddie who grins and winks as he sails by
text: on his bike.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Get stuck in, girls!
text: Eileen spots Dave as he cycles in. She waves proudly.
text: Sandra, jiggling a banner, shouts out-
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: We want respect!
text: Rita and Brenda turn to Sandra. She wears tight slacks, a
text: tight blouse and is heavily made up.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: What you done to your eyes?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 28
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: They’re amazin’, aren't they? Me best
dialog: friend showed me how.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: This is a demonstration, you know, Sandra-
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: And I’m demonstratin’...
dialog: (conspiratorially)
dialog: There’s scouts everywhere! That’s how
dialog: Twiggy got discovered. Just walkin’ down
dialog: the street-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Up West, you dozy sod. Not Dagenham-
text: Another whistle of support. Connie leans in to Rita.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I can’t believe we done this...
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Least they know we’re serious now. And we
dialog: ain’t quite as helpless as everyone seems
dialog: to think we are.
text: Rita looks proudly across at the girls-
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT - AFTERNOON 34
text: Hopkins is uneasy. He walks through the empty River Plant
text: and looks at all the idle machines.
scene_heading: EXT. FORD HEADQUARTERS, MICHIGAN —- MORNING 35
text: The sun beats down on one of the Great Lakes. Then we see
text: a gleaming building, sitting in a wide, open, vista. In
text: front of the building, glinting in the brightness is a
text: sign: FORD MOTOR COMPANY, USA.
scene_heading: INT. FORD HEADQUARTERS, MICHIGAN - MORNING 36
text: Air conditioning hums. In a light and airy space, a man
text: in his mid forties drops food into a huge aquarium whilst
text: speaking on the ‘phone.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Peter, Bobby here...What can I do for
dialog: you...?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 37
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 28A
scene_heading: INT. FORD HEADQUARTERS, WARLEY - AFTERNOON
text: Hopkins sits in his cramped and dingy office, an old
text: electric fan dinging on a filing cabinet behind him.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 29
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: We've got another dispute, I’m afraid-
scene_heading: INT. FORD HEADQUARTERS, MICHIGAN —- MORNING 38
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Another one? Who is it this week?
text: He turns from the tank. That is new.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER PLANT — AFTERNOON 39
text: Baby Come Back by The Equals blasts from a transistor
text: radio around which several of the girls dance. A crate of
text: beer lies on the floor. Deck chairs have now been found,
text: also, and many of the women sit in them, eating ice cream
text: wafers which Eileen dispenses from a large box. A bin
text: wagon passes and the driver slows, leans out-
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: It’s a lot more fun on your picket than
dialog: ours usually are. I might join you later.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: It’s women only, love.
text: The girls laugh, the bin waggon pips and accelerates
text: away, swerving past a van which pulls up beside the
text: women. Written on the van’s side is: A.A. Horovitz
text: Greengrocer. The door opens and Brenda gets out. She has
text: several brown paper bags in her arms.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Tea’s up! Bananas, apples, pears!
text: The girls rush over to help themselves. Then from the van
dialog: steps Mr Horovitz, about twenty five and VERY good
text: looking. He also looks, however, exhausted. He removes
text: Brenda’s bike from the back of the van and places it on
text: the side. Brenda waves to him.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks for the ride, Arthur!
text: He nods, embarrassed, clambers in and zooms off. The
text: girls are open mouthed.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Brenda!...You never-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 30
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Why? He’s gorgeous...And just as I was
dialog: leavin’ with the fruit, he goes: “I
dialog: believe all the workers of the world
dialog: should unite.” And I thought to meself, I
dialog: can help you with that one straight away,
dialog: mate.
text: She bites an apple and sits. Suddenly Connie smiles.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah, well, much as I'd like to hang
dialog: around, discussin’ solidarity for another
dialog: eight hours...Me date’s here-
text: George crosses the road. He looks immaculate, wearing a
text: suit, his hair neatly Brycleemed. A couple of whistles as
text: he stops. He smiles. But he still looks slightly hollow
dialog: eyed.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Don’t you scrub up nice...What’s goin’
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: You made it.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: It’s our anniversary...
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
text: A chorus of the girls calling out Connie’s name, cooing
text: and clapping.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why didn’t you say something-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I didn’t wanna make a fuss...
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: So, say “up yours” to the management from
dialog: me, will you?! We’re off.
text: She leaves to shouts of ‘bye’ and ‘enjoy yourselves’.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Right. Who’s for a game of pontoon?-
text: She produces cards. Just as there is an immense rumble of
text: thunder. Moans from the girls.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: I knew it was too good to last-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 31
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: It’ll be fine-
text: And the rain comes. Squeals from the girls as they rush
dialog: about and gather up stuff.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: What we gonna do? Pubs aren’t open-
text: Rita, gathering placards, looks at her watch.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I dunno...We have done a full day-
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: And I promised me mum I'd cook tea.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Sod it! We registered the
dialog: protest...Hooter’s blowin’
text: The girls cheer. The whole group runs around, packing,
text: shouting hurried good byes and dispersing.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hey and Rita!-
dialog: (Rita looks round)
dialog: Well done!
dialog: (Rita frowns)
dialog: Was your gob got us here, wannit?
text: Brenda leaves. Beat. Rita smiles.
scene_heading: 40 INT. CAFE - DAY 40
text: Albert's POV as he watches Rita struggling with the
text: placards, he bangs on the window to get her attention,
text: she comes over to the doorway of the café.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Albert-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Just been round your house.
text: He wipes his face with his hanky. Rita watches him.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Why?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 31A
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Cause I thought you’d’a gone home ages
dialog: ago...I’m lucky if I can get the lads to
dialog: hold out the full hour-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 41
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 32
text: Albert notices the placards and smiles. He then looks to
text: Rita who stares at him expectantly:
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh...I wanted a quick chat, was all...
dialog: (indicates cafe)
dialog: Fancy a cuppa?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I can’t. Sorry...I told Graham I’d meet
dialog: him from school.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (checks time)
dialog: You got twenty minutes ‘fore they tip
dialog: out, ain’t you?
text: She frowns; that’s rather insistent. He looks up from his
text: watch, meeting her gaze. He smiles.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m buyin’.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - DAY 41
text: Rita stares as Albert spoons three sugars into his tea.
text: He stirs and looks at her. She waits, a little edgy. Then
text: he adds one more. She makes to speak-
text: He stirs again-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Albert, come on! Cough it up!
text: He looks her in the eye.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Alright...You won’t win.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: This battle...You’re gonna lose-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: But...we got a case. You said so. We-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Oh, don’t get us wrong. You might get
dialog: Ford to back down over the gradin’ thing
dialog: but...I’m talkin’ big picture. And in
dialog: that case, you ain’t even in the frame-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 33
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: What do you mean we’re not-—
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: -'Cause this dispute’s got nothin’ to do
dialog: with what skill level you are! Ford’s
dialog: decided to give you less money ‘cause
dialog: they can...They’re allowed to pay women a
dialog: lower wage than men.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT’D)
dialog: And not just Ford neither. The whole
dialog: country, Rita. Women gettin’
dialog: less...because they’re women...
text: She stares at him. She’s already there but daren’t say
text: it. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: You’1l always come second, you’1ll always
dialog: be dependent, you'll always be fightin’
text: for the scraps from the top table as long
dialog: as-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: -we ain’t got equal pay...
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Oh, Rita, if you knew how thick most of
dialog: the blokes I deal with are...
text: She stares. It makes sense. But she’s scared. She looks
text: away. A second. She looks back, a new thought in her head-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Why? Why you bothered about us gettin’
dialog: the same as the men?
text: He stares; knows Rita will accept only the whole truth.
text: He smiles fondly.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: I got brought up by me mum...Me and me
dialog: brothers. Me dad cleared off when we were
dialog: nippers, SO...
dialog: (nods )
dialog: She worked all her life at Ranley and
dialog: Coopers. Ball bearin’s...She paid aunt
dialog: Lilly for lookin’ after us durin’ the day
dialog: and...
text: He stares, forcing back the emotion. Then to Rita:
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 34
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: -..it was hard. Especially cause she got
dialog: paid less than half what the blokes in
dialog: the factory was gettin’. For doin’ the
dialog: same work...But there was never any
dialog: question it could be different...Not for
dialog: her.
dialog: (smiles, fondly at Rita)
dialog: You remind me of her, actually,
dialog: Rita...You got heart and...brains and-
dialog: (frowns )
dialog: -and someone has to stop those exploitin’
dialog: bastards from gettin’ away with what they
dialog: been doin’ for years!
text: He looks back, his eyes filmed with water.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: And you can. You can. If you make your
text: battle focus on the right target.
text: Rita stares, suddenly energised. But she’s scared, too.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What about Connie? She’s Shop Steward. We
dialog: voted for her-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: And she’s magnificent, Rita! At
dialog: organizin’. And implementin’. But this
dialog: needs...a leader. To inspire the girls.
dialog: To make the issues clear. And that ain’t
dialog: her. Not at the moment-—
dialog: (Rita makes to speak)
dialog: And she knows it. ‘Cause I’ve already
dialog: spoke to her.
dialog: (Rita is shocked)
dialog: And she’s more than happy to let you have
dialog: a go...More than.
dialog: (touches her arm
dialog: reassuringly)
dialog: Look...Don’t say nothin’ now. It’s a big
dialog: thing, I know that. Just...sleep on it,
dialog: will you? And let me know tomorrow...
dialog: (smiles, nods)
dialog: Here. I’1l take them. Least I can do.
text: He picks up the placards and goes. Rita watches him.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY 42
text: Rita glances at her watch as she hurries towards the
text: school. A group of the mothers wait. All under umbrellas.
text: Rita hesitates.
speaker_heading: LISA (0.S.)
dialog: Do you want to wait in here?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 34A
text: She turns. A brand new Ford escort is parked by the kerb,
text: and LISA is poking her head out of the driver’s side
text: window. Rita recognises her immediately.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 43
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 35
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: We have met. In the corridor outside Mr
dialog: Clarke’s class.
text: (Rita stares. Lisa shoves
dialog: open the passenger door)
dialog: Please-
text: Rita glances at the other mothers and suddenly feels a
text: surge of opportunity. With her nose in the air, she
text: hurries over and climbs in.
scene_heading: INT. CAR -— DAY 43
text: Rita arranges herself.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I’m drippin’...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's fine. Really...I’ve been hoping to
dialog: bump into you for a day or two actually.
dialog: (Rita stiffens)
dialog: I wondered if you’d care to sign a
dialog: letter...? To the headmaster. I’m making
dialog: a formal complaint; about Mr Clarke’s use
dialog: of the cane-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: He seems to think my son’s-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You mean...You were there for the same
dialog: reason as me?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yes...He was...indiscreet enough to
dialog: mention why you’d been in...I think he
dialog: was suggesting something hormonal was
dialog: happening about the school-
dialog: (bitter)
dialog: We should all calm down a bit.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: -He just fobbed me off. He...I mean...I’d
dialog: got it all worked out in me head; what I
dialog: was gonna say only-
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh, you don’t talk to Mr Clarke. You
dialog: listen...
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: He’s a bully...That’s why he beats them
dialog: all-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 36
text: Lisa stops. Rita stares at her impassioned face. And
text: relief floods her body.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You got a pen, then?
text: Lisa passes across the letter and pen. Rita signs. Hands
dialog: everything back.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: -That first time, when I saw you...
dialog: (Lisa frowns, confused)
dialog: You’re bein’ polite, not mentionin’ it, I
dialog: know you are, only...I was upset. As I
dialog: say and...I never use that sort of
dialog: language normally.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Don’t you? I called Mr Clarke a complete
dialog: cock...
text: Rita is stunned; Lisa smiles. Children are now pouring
text: out of the school.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here they are...
text: Lisa gets out. Rita, too.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY 44
text: Lisa has an umbrella which she erects and then she moves
text: over to Rita who stands beside her, beneath it. Rita
text: glances across and suddenly, emboldened-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: That dress-—
text: (Lisa turns, frowns)
dialog: I seen it. In Vogue...It really suits
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Thank you...It’s Biba.
text: A second. Lisa looks back to the children. Rita does too.
text: And her chest swells ever so slightly.
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE - DAY 45
text: Rita places a mug of tea on a bedside table. Eddie is
text: dozing but now he opens one eye. Rita slips back into
text: bed, her red, nylon nightie crackling, and props herself
text: up against the headboard.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 37
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Ta, love...
dialog: (frowns )
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Six-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We got another half an hour-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Yeah. Sorry. I was awake anyway, SO...
text: She trails off. A beat. He turns on his side.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, now you are...Shame to waste an
dialog: opportunity-—
text: He nibbles her hip. She giggles.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Eddie!
text: He pulls himself up her body and kisses her neck. She’s
text: not really in the mood, though.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What?...What’s up?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Nothin’...I’m...I got stuff on me mind...
dialog: (she turns; dare she?)
dialog: Which...I didn’t say nothin’ about last
dialog: night ‘cause I wanted to get straight in
dialog: me own head first-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Get what straight?
text: She looks at him for a long moment.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I’ve decided to get a bit more involved.
dialog: In the dispute.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 46
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 38
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What dispute? It’s happened...it was
dialog: yesterday.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Yeah, but...it ain’t settled yet, is it?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, I know but...you’ve made your
dialog: gesture. That’s all I mean-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: It wasn’t a gesture. It was
dialog: a...strike...to get somethin’!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Fine...It’s not worth rowin’ over, is it?
text: He smiles. Then kisses her shoulder several times.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You got my support, Rita. You know that.
dialog: Whatever you wanna do.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Good. Thank you...
dialog: (he kisses her again)
dialog: You’re not just sayin’ that, are you?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (still kissing)
dialog: Hmmm? —
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: ‘Cause you got an ulterior motive!
text: He finally straightens and looks at her.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What’s that mean?
text: She stares at his honest, open face. She grins.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I‘1l show you.
text: She kisses him and they slide down the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER PLANT - DAY 46
text: Rita places her bike in the rack. She smiles as Brenda
text: dismounts, too. But then, both stare open mouthed as
text: Sandra arrives - in a pair of tiny shorts and a blouse
text: tied just below the bust. Sandra struggles to get her leg
text: over the bike seat.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 39
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Bloody hell Sandra, I think you’ve had a
dialog: bit’ve shrinkage in the wash-
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: They’re hot pants. They’re Mary Quant’s-—
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Well you should give ‘em back to her.
dialog: They look fuckin’ painful-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I think they look nice. Long as you can
dialog: breathe-
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Course, I can...And it’s what Brenda
dialog: said, innit: it ain’t
dialog: Knightsbridge...Dagenham. So if you're
dialog: gonna get spotted, you have to stand out
dialog: that bit more. Well, I am doin’...
text: She walks off. Brenda watches her, then looks to Rita.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Come on...
text: She sets off after Sandra but just as suddenly stops and
text: turns back.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Wannit great, though? Yesterday.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Bein’ on strike?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Yeah. Chance to be different...Was
dialog: lovely.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Felt like it all night.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Met the veg man, got blind drunk, then
dialog: went back to his place.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (confused)
dialog: But-—
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh, it was different, Rita...
dialog: (winks )
dialog: Just ask him.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 47
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 39A
text: She happily wanders in. Rita scoffs and follows.
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT, CORRIDOR - DAY 47
text: Rita, a hint of a smile still on her face, walks towards
text: the factory floor, pulling her overalls around her waist
text: as she goes.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 48
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 40
text: BUT then she stops. The notice board is directly ahead.
dialog: On it, MACHINIST rates of pay:
speaker_heading: MEN: £19 7s 6d
dialog: WOMEN: £13 4s 2d
text: Rita stares. She looks determined. Then uneasy.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY FLOOR - MORNING 48
text: Rita walks onto the floor. She stares at Connie’s space:
text: still unoccupied. She begins to thread up her machine.
text: Then she grabs some cuttings. And finally Connie rushes
dialog: in-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m here! Just...Christ-
text: She grabs her bowl and places it on the floor. Then she
text: pulls her overalls down and she stops - as she sees Rita
text: staring at her.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Connie, listen. I-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: Rita-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: No! I have to say it! For me!
dialog: (stares at Connie)
dialog: If I was to get involved with Albert,
dialog: Con, it’s only cause...I got a gob on
dialog: me...You’re the heart beat of this place.
dialog: You always will be.
text: Connie smiles, fondly. Then:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Rita...Look at me. All at six’s and
dialog: seven’s...Again-
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I got enough on me plate at the moment,
dialog: without takin’ on the whole of British
dialog: Industry...
dialog: (nods )
dialog: You can do it. And you should.
text: Rita stares at Connie; makes to speak. But the hooter
text: sounds and the machines start up. The women smile and get
dialog: down to work.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 41
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT - DAY 49
text: Rita finishes an item, then notices Sandra, tongue out,
text: carefully completing a piece. She is pleased. Then the
text: hooter goes and the girls look across, on the point of
text: getting dressed. But it is Brian, so they simply
text: continue. He looks frustrated. Then scared; as he
text: realises he must enter anyway. This he does and at every
text: bench the women jiggle their bits, wolf whistle and
dialog: generally make life hell for him.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hello Brian...That a cotton bob you got
dialog: in your pocket?...Or is it an hard on?
text: He reaches into a sack he is carrying and shoves a letter
text: straight at Brenda. She frowns but soon all the girls
text: have them. Rita opens her envelope and reads. She looks
text: furious and then catches Connie’s eye. A second and Rita
text: marches off.
text: As she arrives at the door, Albert appears, in his Ford
text: overalls, coming for her decision. She marches past him,
text: thunder on her face, glancing once at him as she strides
text: on. He grins.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: That a yes, then?
text: And then, he sets off after her.
scene_heading: INT. CANTEEN - AFTERNOON 50
text: Monty Taylor, in his suit and Union badge, stares at the
text: letter. Albert is by his side. They are surrounded by the
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Ignore it.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Ignore it?
speaker_heading: MONTY
text: Standard issue. Day after a walk out.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Have you seen the language?
dialog: (Eileen and Brenda nod)
dialog: "Your flagrant and aggressive disregard
dialog: for the existing complaints
dialog: procedure”...Tone of that-
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: They don’t mean it.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 41aA
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: So why they sayin’ it...?
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: ‘Cause...that’s how we’ve always done it.
dialog: All the other strikes. It’s like the
dialog: rules—
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 41A
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Oh, no!
dialog: (snatches letter back)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 42
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re not playin’ that game...We ain’t
dialog: your men, remember. We’re us. And we
dialog: won't be addressed in this manner.
dialog: (Cheer of agreement. Rita
dialog: stares at the girls)
dialog: All those in favour of not only
dialog: maintainin’ but increasin’ our current
dialog: industrial action by goin’ to an
dialog: immediate all out stoppage until an equal
dialog: pay settlement is reached-
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: What?
dialog: Monty has spoken for them all. Mutterings of “equal pay?”
text: are heard everywhere. Rita turns to the girls:
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Well, why not?
text: (stares at the trusting faces
dialog: of the girls)
dialog: That’s what this dispute is really about,
dialog: innit?!
text: Rita suddenly points to the lad seen earlier. He sweeps
text: out the canteen now.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: They’ve put us on the same rate as
dialog: Brushin’ Brian! The lowest rate in the
dialog: whole factory...despite the fact that we
dialog: have got considerable skill.
dialog: (A few mumbled “trues”)
dialog: And there’s only one possible reason for
dialog: that...‘Cause we’re women, and in the
dialog: work place women get paid less than men-
dialog: no matter what skill they got!
dialog: (More support. Agreement.
dialog: Shouts now.)
dialog: Which is why we gotta demand that from
dialog: now on, there’s a level playin’ field and
dialog: rates of pay which reflect the job you
dialog: do, not whether you’ve got a dick or not-
dialog: (cheers of support)
dialog: This strike is about one thing and one
dialog: thing only: Fairness!
dialog: (To Monty; points)
dialog: Equal pay or nothin’!
text: (huge cheer; Rita turns back
dialog: to the women)
dialog: All those in favour?
dialog: (every hand goes up)
dialog: Everybody out!!!!
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 43
text: Another cheer and Rita walks to the exit, stopping by the
text: door as a wave of the girls passes her and empties the
text: building. Monty looks panicked and glares at Albert.
text: Albert shrugs with a wry smile.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Nothin’ to do with me.
text: The women sweep out.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 51
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS OFFICE - AFTERNOON 52
text: Hopkins looks stunned. He stands beside a window held
text: open by a block of wood.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: An all out stoppage?!
text: Monty fidgets before Hopkins’ desk.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Also...The specifics of the strike...It’s
dialog: widened out a bit-
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS OFFICE - AFTERNOON 53
text: Hopkins appears in his doorway. He is ashen. He looks at
text: his secretary, then he mutters to himself:
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Christ...
scene_heading: INT. FORD HEADQUARTER’S, MICHIGAN - MORNING 54
text: Tooley listens on the phone. He is deadpan.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: INT. UNION OFFICES - EVENING 55
speaker_heading: BARTHOLOMEW
dialog: Fuckin’ Ada!
text: CLIVE BARTHOLOMEW, sixty, bearded, stares at Monty.
text: Another middle aged man, ROGERS, also glares at him.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 44
speaker_heading: BARTHOLOMEW (CONT’D)
dialog: Equal pay! What were you thinkin’, Monty?
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: It wasn’t me...It was Albert. He...He
dialog: went behind me back-
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: Really-
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: He’s a loose canon. He-
dialog: (grasping at straws)
dialog: I got him with me...You wanna haul
dialog: someone over the coals, he’s your man;
dialog: the bloody trouble maker.
text: A beat. Bartholomew and Rogers exchange a glance. Then
text: Bartholomew nods to Monty.
scene_heading: INT. UNION OFFICES, ANTE CHAMBER - EVENING 56
text: Albert, still in Ford overalls, sits on a chair waiting.
text: Monty enters. He looks at Albert and sighs theatrically.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: I tried to protect you Albert. But you
dialog: are gonna get such a fuckin’
dialog: bollockin’...
text: Albert considers Monty and nods. He stands.
scene_heading: INT. UNION OFFICES - EVENING 57
text: Albert sits on another chair in the middle of the room.
text: Bartholomew paces up and down for a moment. Then-
speaker_heading: BARTHOLOMEW
dialog: This is awkward, Albert, you know that,
dialog: don’t you? It jeopardises a whole...raft
dialog: of other negotiations the unions already
text: at loggerheads with the management over-
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: Not to mention protocol. There’s ways of
dialog: goin’ on strike. Right ways and wrong
dialog: ways-
speaker_heading: BARTHOLOMEW
dialog: Look...Comrade...Basically, you
dialog: encouragin’ these women...to get all
dialog: militant-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 58
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 45
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: -shifts the resources away from the
dialog: blokes...who let’s be straight, are the
dialog: ones at the coal face-
speaker_heading: BARTHOLOMEW
dialog: We ain’t unsympathetic! But...as a
dialog: union...we have to remember who comes
dialog: first...The Communist Party. And Marx
dialog: himself said: “Men make their own
dialog: history.” That’s men, Albert!
text: Monty sighs. He did warn Albert. Albert smiles.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Didn't he also say: “progress can be
dialog: measured by the social position of the
dialog: female sex”...Or was that a different
dialog: Marx? Was that Groucho?
text: Bartholomew makes to respond but Albert stands: his turn
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Equal pay! Across the board! You tellin’
dialog: me that ain’t worth fightin’ for? Course
dialog: it is! And you know it! Only cause’ve all
dialog: the in-fightin’ and the prejudice and the
dialog: sixteen other unions down at Ford all
dialog: lookin’ after their own little patch, you
dialog: ain’t even tried, have you? Well, you
dialog: listen to me. This...Rita...she’s got a
dialog: bigger set of balls than the three of you
dialog: put together and she ain't scared of
dialog: layin’ ‘em on the line neither, so I, for
dialog: one, am gonna help her and if you are,
dialog: what you say you are, an organisation
dialog: pledged to support its members - which
dialog: everyone of them girls most definitely is
dialog: - then you'll get off your fat, lazy
dialog: arses and you'll help her, too! Good
dialog: fuckin’ evenin!
text: He storms out of the room. Rogers looks to Bartholomew.
text: They’re fucked. A beat. They turn on Monty, furious. He
text: cowers. MUSIC STARTS: BORN TO BE WILD - STEPPENWOLF: "Get
dialog: your motor runnin’...”
scene_heading: EXT. DAGENHAM TOWN HALL - DAY 58
text: A rally in front of the Town Hall before about fifty
text: people. Albert is on the platform with various other
text: officials. A banner reads A FAIR DAYS PAY FOR A FAIR DAYS
text: WORK. Rita is there, too. Albert finishes speaking and
text: Rita nervously steps forward. A long pause. And then Rita
text: sees Connie, Brenda and the girls. She begins-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 46
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (faltering)
dialog: I...work at Ford...As a machinist
dialog: and...I’m here to put our point of view.
dialog: About what’s goin’ on and how, it ain’t
dialog: fair. And also, how it’s part of
dialog: somethin’ bigger...much bigger...which is
dialog: equal pay...
text: She continues. A man in a threadbare coat, a camera
text: around his neck, takes out a notebook and starts writing.
scene_heading: HEADLINE: DAGENHAM GIRL STRIKERS
text: -IS DROPPED ONTO THE TRESSEL TABLE IN THE NEWSAGENT.
text: AND THEN FURTHER IMAGES FROM THE BURGEONING DISPUTE ARE
scene_heading: INTER-CUT WITH MORE NEWSPAPER ARTICLES. THEY START SMALL
text: BUT GET BIGGER, MOVING UP THE PAGE AS THE STRIKE GROWS.
scene_heading: EXT. DAGENHAM HIGH STREET - DAY 59
text: Rita addresses a crowd of onlookers. Thirty or so girls
text: are gathered around her, including Connie and Sandra who
text: hold up a banner proclaiming: SUPPORT THE FORD
text: MACHINISTS. Passing are a group of West Ham fans on the
text: way to a match with scarves and rattles. Several stop and
text: listen. Rita sounds much smoother.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: ‘Cause basically, Ford’s done what they
dialog: have, awarded us a pay cut, ‘cause they
dialog: think no-one’1ll really notice, because
dialog: we’re women. And women’s pay has always
dialog: been less than men’s...
scene_heading: MORE HEADLINES: PETTICOAT REBELLION GROWS etc.
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT - DAY 60
text: Gordon and Frank arrive at the River Plant’s deserted
text: warehouse area on the forklift. They swing open two
text: massive doors. Inside, the store is packed with thousands
text: of finished headrests, seat covers and door trim. Both
text: men look at each other ruefully.
scene_heading: INT. CANTEEN - DAY 61
text: Rita addresses a mass of workers. She is noticeably more
text: confident and slicker.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 46A
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: And that’s a tactic, not just the Ford
dialog: Management, but all managements have
dialog: exploited, year after year: basin’ huge
dialog: profits on a wage system which is as
text: corrupt as it is unchallenged-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 47
text: A couple of men glance at each other and nod; fair point.
scene_heading: HEADLINE: FORD STRIKERS LEAD WOMEN’S RIGHTS MOVE
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Which begs the question, why? Why is it
dialog: like that? And the answer is, us! Because
dialog: we've never said no.
scene_heading: INT. FORD MAIN PLANT - DAY 62
text: In the more modern main plant, we see Albert, then Dave
text: who is holding up a copy of the Dagenham and Redbridge
scene_heading: Echo. BANNER HEADLINE: MANAGEMENT DENY CRISIS. Then we
text: hear Rita’s voice, gliding, over the picture.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: We've meekly stepped forwards, despite
dialog: what we've seen with our mothers and our
dialog: grandmothers and we’ve taken our pay
dialog: packets and we’ve tugged our forelocks
dialog: and we’ve said “thank you very much.”
dialog: Well, no more! The time has come for all
dialog: women to say: Enough! We do not accept
dialog: this!
text: We hear applause. And see Eddie, smiling bashfully, as a
text: picture of Rita, campaigning, is pointed out to him,
text: beneath the banner.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - DAY 63
text: The applause fades as Rita steps down from the platform.
text: She is immediately approached by several reporters and
dialog: other union officials.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Rita...
text: She turns. Albert indicates a young man who stands away
text: from the crush.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT’D)
dialog: There's a bloke here from The Times.
text: Rita tries not to react. MUSIC ENDS
scene_heading: EXT. TOOLEY’S OFFICE - DAY 64
text: A copy of The Times lies on the polished desk in Tooley’s
text: office. Tooley sits on one side of the desk and on the
text: other is a man with a leathery face and buzz cut hair.
text: Both men stare at a plastic box in the middle of the
text: desk. It is perforated with dark holes and has a thick
text: power cord running from it. Suddenly, from the box, a
text: silky smooth woman's voice emanates
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 47aA
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (V.O.)
text: Mr. Hardey is ready to speak now
dialog: gentlemen. Thank you so much for waiting.
text: Tooley and Kronnfeld glance at each other. A click. But
text: then nothing. Kronnfeld loses his nerve and leans forward
text: to speak. He’s beaten to it-
speaker_heading: HARDEY (V.O.)
dialog: I though your boy said he could handle
dialog: this?
text: Kronnfeld stiffens. JEB HARDEY, sixty, boss of Ford
text: America, has a gruff, blue collar voice.
speaker_heading: HARDEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And do we even know what we’re dealing
dialog: with here? Socialist Workers Party;
dialog: Workers Revolutionary Party;
dialog: Revolutionary Communist Party?... Who's
dialog: she with?
text: Kronnfeld glances quickly at the impassive Tooley and
text: then down, dry mouthed, to an open file on his desk; it
text: is the duplicate of the one before Tooley. A picture of
text: Rita is uppermost on both. Kronnfeld takes a breath and
dialog: does his best.
speaker_heading: KRONNFELD
dialog: We don’t think she’s with anyone, Sir. We
dialog: don’t even think she’s a communist. She’s
dialog: looks like she’s-
speaker_heading: HARDEY (V.O.)
dialog: -She looks like Rita Heyworth, goddamit,
dialog: I don’t care! I wanna know why she’s
dialog: acting like this!
text: Kronnfeld sits back, wide eyed. He’s done. He’s given it
text: his best shot. Tooley, unimpressed by Kronnfeld’s
text: disintegration, leans closer to the communications box-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: The fact is, sir... she hasn’t got a
dialog: background in politics, in or outside the
dialog: union... her husband’s a moderate, so...
dialog: we think she’s just got a beef-
speaker_heading: HARDEY (V.O.)
dialog: A beef! That’s what she’s got? Bobby, if
dialog: this woman gets what she wants and Ford
dialog: Motors is forced to introduce equal pay
dialog: for men and women in the UK... we’ll end
dialog: up havin’ to do it right across the
dialog: world!
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: Do you understand that?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 47aB
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: HARDEY (V.O.)
dialog: So deal with it! Now!
text: A click. Beat. Kronnfeld looks like a man who has been
text: involved in a road accident. But, then he sighs relief as
text: he turns to Tooley
speaker_heading: KRONNFELD
dialog: I guess you'll be getting the next flight
dialog: outta here Bobby?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 65
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 47A-48
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN AT NUMBER TEN - DAY 65
text: Mrs Castle sighs, frustrated.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Prime Minister...I’m not sure you quite
dialog: appreciate the urgency of the
dialog: situation... as of 5pm yesterday there
dialog: were 405 strikes in progress
dialog: nationally...
text: Harold Wilson turns. He has a dog on a lead. Mrs Castle
text: looks at it distastefully. Wilson considers Mrs Castle
text: and then walks on. She follows, struggling, as her heels
text: sink into the grass. Two of her undersecretaries follow
dialog: her.
text: She stops suddenly. Because Wilson has stopped. Because
text: the dog is taking a crap. He looks at it fondly. Mrs
text: Castle winces; would say more. But Wilson is delighted by
text: the distraction.
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: It's always white when he goes to the
text: toilet. Yet he never eats anything white.
dialog: (Mrs Castle is stunned)
text: Mary gives him the odd fruit gum-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Prime Minister!
text: He hears her aggrieved tone; looks across, awkwardly.
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: I’m not saying I won't legislate. Just-
text: The dog now trots on. Wilson gladly follows. And Mrs.
dialog: Castle, too! She will not be deflected-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: What? We’ve talked about this a hundred
dialog: times... Until you introduce new bills,
dialog: which give me the power to regulate the
dialog: Unions, I cannot get the country back to
dialog: work-—
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: I understand that...
dialog: (she looks hopeful)
dialog: But we need to tread carefully; draw the
dialog: unions in-
text: Her heart sinks. The Undersecretary leans in.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 48A
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: We have to acknowledge that without the
dialog: unions there would be no Labour Party-
text: She stops; so does he.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Young man! I was a member of the Trades
dialog: Union Movement while you were still at
dialog: your Mother’s breast... so unless you
dialog: have something to add which goes beyond
dialog: the blindingly obvious, I'd prefer it if
dialog: you kept quiet!
text: He slinks off. Mrs Castle totters on, catching up with
text: Wilson. She tries a different tone.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Harold-
text: He looks down. She has put her hand on his wrist.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: -You asked me to do this job; you
dialog: appointed me-
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: You’re the best man in my cabinet,
dialog: Barbara, I often say that-
text: He laughs nervously. But his joke hasn't deflected her.
text: She’s staring at him. ALL woman.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: I can’t do it without you, Harold-
text: Wilson finally turns away, graps a stick at throws it for
dialog: the dog.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I need you to...
text: Wilson stops dead. Then, from a dry throat, Wilson croaks-
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: Jack Scamp!
dialog: (her face falls)
dialog: He’s your man. Any... impasse... get Jack
text: in. Sits them all round a table; beer and
dialog: pork pie. Straight talking negotiation...
dialog: (nods )
dialog: He’s the way forward.
text: Mrs Castle takes a deep breath and nods. Seduction
text: failed, she’s back in war mode.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 48B
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Beer and pork pie... Might not do for the
text: latest one. Down at Ford.
dialog: (Wilson frowns)
dialog: 187 Machinists. All women... Perhaps get
dialog: a finger buffet in, eh?
text: She turns, starts to walk, sinks, takes of her shoes then
text: strides back across the lawn, thunderous.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: 67A
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 49-51
speaker_heading: OMITTED 66
scene_heading: INT. TUBE - DAY 67
text: A city gent, in suit and bowler, stands silently with
text: many other commuters on their regular run into the City.
text: He looks uneasy. And as we pass along his carriage, we
text: see the girls crushed at its far end, chatting excitedly,
text: their protest paraphernalia causing considerable
text: disruption. The city gent looks distastefully away. But
text: then he leaps and his hand goes to his backside. Someone
text: has pinched his arse. Then we see Brenda, close by. She
text: smiles sweetly.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON TUBE -—- DAY 67A
text: The girls emerge from the tube, blinking into the bright
text: sunlight. They are gossiping madly, excited and some, a
dialog: little overawed.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Come on, then, girls! Get yourselves
dialog: organised!
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Anyone fancy a Wimpy?...I’m starvin’-
text: Rita turns, distracted-
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: We ain’t got time to see the sites, have
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: No, we have not!
text: Now Sandra appears in tiny shorts and a skimpy top. She
text: looks round, urgently.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Where’s all the press, then?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: We ain’t there yet!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: We gotta get to parliament first, you
dialog: silly sod-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Exactly!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: So?...Which way is it?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 68
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 51A
text: Rita looks round. Then she sighs, having to come clean-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (to girls)
dialog: I think it’s this way, isn’t it?
text: The girls all look in different directions. Clearly no
dialog: one knows.
scene_heading: EXT. PARLIAMENT - DAY 68
text: The girls arrive on a small lawned area outside the
dialog: Houses of Parliament.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Alright, ladies! This is a good spot.
dialog: Form up!
text: They put down their bags and begin unfurling the banners.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: 71A
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 52
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 69
text: Mrs Castle sighs. She is leafing through more reports of
text: industrial unrest. Then she becomes aware of the pips
dialog: outside-
scene_heading: EXT. PARLIAMENT - DAY 70
text: The girls are gathered with their banners. A car toots...
text: and another. The girls wave. Men shout encouragement.
text: A driver leans from the cab of a passing van and calls
dialog: across.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Here, I finish work at four. Give us a
dialog: call!
text: His mate laughs. The girls wave back, blithely.
text: More people react and the girls shout back, giddy with
dialog: excitement.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It’s unbelievable... I never thought we’d
dialog: get this backing-
text: More pips and Rita frowns. She looks up, at the banner
text: she holds. A moment.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Girls...I think we’re not entirely
text: unfurled.
text: All of them look up to the banner. It says: WE WANT SEX
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WHITEHALL OFFICES - DAY 71
text: Mrs Castle looks out of her window. Sees the banner.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: I know the feeling.
text: She walks back to her stressful work.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTMINSTER. DAY 71A
text: Outside we see Connie help Rita frantically untwist the
text: banner. WE WANT SEX EQUALITY is revealed. Rita,
text: flustered, gestures for the girls to re-group. Most are
text: giggling.
text: Reporters and photographers are approaching.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 52A
text: Through the laughter, Sandra is suddenly aware that
text: photographers are taking pictures. She skips over to
dialog: them.
text: Rita turns to the approaching press.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Go on, Rita! Tell ‘em how it is!-
text: But Rita is already stepping forward to meet the advance
text: as Sandra poses, off to one side.
text: The others stand and watch as Rita is engulfed by
dialog: reporters.
text: A man approaches Brenda. He is scruffy, bearded. He looks
text: at her.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hello.
text: Brenda looks at him. She’s never seen anyone like him
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hello.
text: He hands her a leaflet from a pile he is holding. She
text: looks at it. It’s about a political rally. When she looks
text: back up he is gone.
text: The photographers finally finish taking pictures of
text: Sandra, she comes over.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: It's quite interesting, politics. When
dialog: you get down to it.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 72
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 53
scene_heading: INT. DOCK CLUB - DAY 72
text: A TV IMAGE. OF THE PROTEST JUST SEEN, OUTSIDE PARLIAMENT.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What makes this strike different-
dialog: -is that it’s not about a specific pay
dialog: settlement-
text: THE TV PICTURE CUTS TO THE REPORTER AT WESTMINSTER. HE
scene_heading: TALKS TO CAMERA NOW-—
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT’D)
dialog: -but the whole issue of sex
dialog: discrimination-
text: THE TV PICTURE CUTS TO RITA. SHE IS BEING JOSTLED OUTSIDE
scene_heading: WESTMINSTER. FLASH BULBS POP AROUND HER AND MICROPHONES
text: ARE SHOVED INTO HER FACE.
text: A cheer in the background. And ON SCREEN we see-
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT’D)
dialog: How long are the girls prepared to stay
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: REPORTER TWO
dialog: It must be starting to bite now-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: As long as it takes-
speaker_heading: REPORTER TWO
dialog: Does your husband support you in all
dialog: this?
text: Another cheer in the background.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: He has to!
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: He...supports me...We always support the
dialog: men when they come out.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What about the other Ford women; in
dialog: Liverpool? Are they behind you?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: They will be.
text: Several reporters call out. One persists.
speaker_heading: REPORTER THREE
dialog: Does it bother you you’ve been described
dialog: as a Revlon Revolutionary?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 73
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 54
speaker_heading: REPORTER THREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Have they been in touch? About doing some
dialog: modelling work for them.
text: Laughter from the reporters. Rita smiles.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I prefer to concentrate on the issues of
dialog: the strike-
text: A PHOTO FLASHES. RITA TURNS HER HEAD TOWARDS IT. THEN THE
text: TV PICTURE CUTS TO OUTSIDE THE AMERICAN EMBASSY.
speaker_heading: TV NEWSCASTER (V.O.)
dialog: -After the March protests in Grosvenor
dialog: Square, this months student riots in
dialog: Paris-
text: TV PICTURE IS REPLACED BY A TEST MATCH.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Ha! Ain’t that somethin’?
scene_heading: INT. DOCK CLUB - DAY 73
text: Dave and Eddie turn from the TV, pints in hand.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah. She’s doin’ alright.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: And she mentioned you...On the
dialog: television...
dialog: (jabs finger at Eddie)
dialog: You gotta smart woman there, Eddie.
text: Eddie nods, uneasily. Then smiles. He glances at his
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I gotta get goin’-
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Already?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I know...I gotta fetch the kids...
dialog: (Dave frowns)
dialog: Rita reckons they won’t be back ‘til gone
dialog: six, so...I need to get ‘em sorted.
text: He smiles ruefully at Dave and downs his pint.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You tell her to get her finger out. When
dialog: you see her.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 55
text: And for the first time we notice George, sitting on a
text: stool by the bar. He stares at his half of mild, not
text: looking at Dave or Eddie.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Gone on long enough now.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I don’t think they're deliberately
dialog: draggin’ it out, George-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: It's alright for you and him. Two wages
dialog: in the house. I’ve got me war pension and
dialog: I’ve got what she earns. That’s it...I
dialog: can’t afford a bastard strike.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I know that...And they’1l settle it; soon
dialog: as they can.
text: George says nothing more. Eddie nods and goes.
scene_heading: EXT. LIVERPOOL FACTORY - DAY
text: A coach pulls up outside a factory gate. On it is
dialog: 74
text: written: FORD, HALEWOOD. Rita gets off. Several of the
text: girls follow.
scene_heading: EXT. LIVERPOOL FACTORY - DAY
dialog: 75
text: Rita stands on a soap box outside the main factory. She
text: is sweating, passionate, addressing a crowd of women.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: -You’re doin’ the same work for Ford,
dialog: here in Liverpool, that we’re doin’ for
dialog: ‘em down in Dagenham. So you know that
dialog: our job is skilled...But I’m askin’ you
dialog: to think beyond that...I’m askin’ you to
dialog: strike now for all women, not just
dialog: machinists, until every one of us gets
dialog: fairness and is entitled to the same pay
dialog: as men!...Will all those in favour, put
dialog: their hands in the air now, please-
text: They do. Rita beams, delighted.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 56
scene_heading: INT. RITA'S HOUSE - EARLY EVENING 76
text: The kids sit at the dining room table. Smoke spills from
text: the kitchen. They glance at each other. Look slightly
dialog: worried.
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - EARLY EVENING 77
text: The kitchen is a mess as Eddie, sweat dripping from his
text: nose, tries to fry a piece of liver. A huge flame leaps
text: up from under the pan as spitting oil hits the gas. Eddie
text: leaps back, cursing, then goes back to the food, his jaw
dialog: tight.
scene_heading: INT. RITA'S HOUSE - EARLY EVENING 78
text: Eddie drops newspaper wrapped fish and chips onto
text: Sharon's plate. Sharon glances at Graham. She is
text: struggling not to snigger as she undoes the package and
text: takes a chip. Graham laughs out loud as he receives his
text: bundle of food. Eddie looks thoroughly pissed off.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 79
scene_heading: INT. BUS - EVENING 80
text: The girls drive back from Halewood. Rita, sitting at the
text: front, with Connie beside her, glances out over burnished
text: countryside, a low red sun throbbing in the sky. Across
text: the aisle, also at the front, Sandra has a transistor
text: radio on her lap, a single ear piece in. She starts to
text: sing, quietly as she looks out of the window-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 57
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Once upon a time, there was a tavern,
dialog: where we used to raise a glass or two-
text: (Brenda, next to her, looks
dialog: across)
dialog: Remember how we laughed away the hours-
text: Brenda starts to sing. And then Connie joins in.
speaker_heading: BRENDA, CONNIE
dialog: Think of all the great things we would do-
text: Rita sings. And others, too. Sandra realises, then,
text: smiling, continues in full voice with the rest:
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Those were the days, my friend, We
dialog: thought they'd never end, We'd sing and
dialog: dance forever and a day-
dialog: (Rita laughs)
dialog: We'd live the life we'd choose, We'd
dialog: fight and never lose, For we were young
dialog: and sure to have our way-
scene_heading: 81 EXT. BUS - EVENING 81
text: The bus slips through the warm, summer night-
speaker_heading: ALL (V.O.)
dialog: La La La La La La-
scene_heading: 81A EXT. HOPKINS HOUSE - DAY 81A
text: Hopkins opens his front door and approaches Tooley, who
text: is getting out of a taxi.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Welcome. How was your flight?
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Long.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: I’m so sorry to drag you over.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: They're taking this very seriously. Right
text: at the top.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Come in. My wife’s cooking dinner...
text: They walk into the house.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 82
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 57A
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS HOUSE - NIGHT 82
text: Hopkins passes into a modern, late sixties, detached
text: house. Tooley follows.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Really, I don’t want to be any trouble.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Honestly...Least I can do...Let me take
dialog: your coat.
text: Hopkins wife appears in a pinny. Lisa.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS (CONT’D)
dialog: Lisa...This is Robert Tooley-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Delighted to meet you at last.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Likewise.
text: They shake. Then Hopkins hands Tooley’s coat to Lisa.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 83
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 58
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: I was saying to Peter; I’m quite happy to
dialog: eat later; at the hotel-
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Nonsense! She loves to cook.
dialog: (glances at Lisa)
dialog: Don’t you?..Just relax. Have a drink.
dialog: I’11 run you back when we’re finished.
text: Hopkins passes his coat to Lisa too and ushers Tooley
text: through into the sitting room. Lisa looks at the coats
text: and then hangs them up.
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE - NIGHT 83
text: Rita walks into the house, excited. The place is chaotic
text: but it seems hardly to register as she smiles, seeing
text: Eddie arriving at the foot of the stairs. He bends
text: stiffly to pick up some clothes, then straightens and
text: spots her. She beams.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Go alright, then?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I slaughtered ‘em! Every single one come
dialog: out!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well done.
text: He moves into the kitchen and starts to collect the
text: plates. She follows.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: It was incredible though, Eddie! To start
dialog: with. A load of ‘em said, while they was
dialog: happy to support their fellow
dialog: machinists...union solidarity and all
dialog: that...they didn’t actually agree with
dialog: equal pay as a principal. Men deserved
dialog: more...Can you believe that?
text: He looks at her; her ebullience. And suddenly feels
text: troubled. But he manages a smile.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’‘1l go and check on the kids. Give ‘ema
text: quick kiss.
text: She pecks him on the cheek and goes. He stares at the
text: cluttered table. His effort. Anger swells.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah. I managed alright. Thanks.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 59
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS HOUSE - NIGHT 84
text: Lisa clears away. Bottles of beer sit on the table.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Can you bring some brandy glasses back in
dialog: with you?
text: She nods and smiles. Then turns to go.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Lisa...You must have a quite head on your
dialog: shoulders...Peter tells me you read
dialog: history. At Cambridge-
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah-
text: She nods, proudly but then suddenly becomes aware of the
text: plates in her hand. She puts them on the sideboard.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: So whadda you make of our little problem;
dialog: over at the factory?
dialog: (nods to Peter)
dialog: Think maybe he’s a bit too much velvet
dialog: glove and not enough iron fist?
text: She seems uncertain, then shrugs, relaxing.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I don’t actually. Just the opposite. Look
text: at Vauxhall. They don’t appear to have
dialog: any problem with the unions and that
dialog: seems to me because General Motors have a
dialog: much more collaborative approach to
dialog: Management. Whereas at Ford, you seem
dialog: only to deal with the unions because you
dialog: have to...You tolerate them. And as a
dialog: result they’re much more entrenched and
dialog: aggressive in the way that they deal with
dialog: you.
text: Tooley looks at her. Then he smiles.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: That’s a very...progressive point of
dialog: view, Lisa.
dialog: (turns to alarmed Hopkins)
dialog: Isn't it?
text: He stares at Hopkins, his expression at once benign but
text: threatening. Hopkins hesitates, then turns to Lisa. He
dialog: smiles, but it’s a fragile thing. Then-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 60
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Cheese.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: We've...got some
dialog: Stilton...Why don’t you...get that
dialog: out?...Some grapes.
text: Lisa is wrong footed. She looks to Tooley for support. He
text: doesn’t meet her eye.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: That'd be terrific.
text: Hopkins smiles, relieved. Lisa colours; she is dismissed.
text: She picks up the plates, glances at her husband and
text: leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 85
text: Lisa drops the plates into the sink and leans back
text: against the draining board, trembling. On the table is a
text: copy of the Daily Mail, it’s headline: FORD WOMEN FIGHT
text: ON. Beneath it is a picture of a rally and a woman
text: speaking out. There is something familiar about the
text: woman. Lisa crosses and picks up the paper. Her face - as
text: she sees it is Rita.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. RITA’S HOUSE - DAY 86
text: Rita checks the temperature on the oven. Then she crosses
text: to her bag which is on a chair beside the set kitchen
text: table and removes her purse. It is empty.
text: Her jaw tightens and she crosses to a cupboard near the
text: door. Inside is a metal box, full of shoe polish, cloths
text: and brushes. Also in there is a puncture repair kit. She
text: opens this and reveals some crumpled notes and a few
text: coins. She takes some of the cash, not all, and shoves it
text: into her wallet. She grabs her bag and hurries into the
dialog: hall.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. RITA'S HOUSE - BALCONY - DAY 87
text: Graham is coming downstairs.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: It’s in the oven. Don’t burn yourself-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 60A
text: He wordlessly moves into the kitchen. And Rita pulls on a
text: jacket. She turns and stops. Sharon is there. Her hair is
text: in pig tails. One bunch is massively bigger than the
text: other, while one is a tangled mess.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Dad.
text: Rita stares and goes towards her. Then she stops.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 88
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 61
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I gotta go see Albert. Just tell him to
dialog: have another go.
text: Sharon slips into the kitchen and Rita ties on a head
text: scarf as Eddie comes down the stairs. She nods to the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘s all ready...
dialog: (crosses to placards against
dialog: wall)
dialog: You’re alright gettin’ ‘em off to school,
dialog: aren't you?
text: He watches her pick up the placards.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Course.
text: She turns. Immediately he moves towards the kitchen.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Eddie-
dialog: (he stops)
dialog: Everything’s okay, innit?
text: He stares at her, then shrugs.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah. Why wouldn’t it be?
text: She smiles, relieved and moves to the door. He watches
text: her, then fingers the collar of his shirt.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is me last one.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shirt. I just noticed.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (wrong footed)
dialog: Yeah...Sorry. I missed washin’ Monday.
dialog: I’1l do it tonight.
text: He nods. And walks into the kitchen. A second. Rita
text: stares at the empty doorway then leaves.
scene_heading: INT. DAGENHAM DOCK CLUB - DAY 88
text: The girls are queuing up for strike pay which Connie
text: hands out from a table near the stage. There is much
text: banter between the girls.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 62
text: Rita passes Connie a sheet with names on it and removes
text: one covered with signatures.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Thanks Rita-
text: A young woman steps forward-
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Monica Dawson-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: There you go-
text: She passes her the list. She signs and then Rita hands
text: her three notes. Monica stares at the money.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: It’s still three quid, love. Don’t matter
dialog: how you count it!
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I know...just...’bout covers me rent and
dialog: that’s it-
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Hey, Mon; you’re short of anything, you
dialog: just gotta ask-
text: Eileen is next in line. Monica smiles, grateful. But then
text: she shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: No. I’m alright. Thanks. I’1l manage.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It’s all the Union can afford, Monica...
text: She nods. She knows that. And she goes, slipping the
text: money in her purse. Eileen steps forward-
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Eileen Scott.
text: She bends over to sign. Brenda waits two or three girls
text: behind her and lights a cigarette. She sucks greedily on
text: the fag, then notices a woman waiting behind her, about
text: thirty, looking longingly at the fag-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: It’s me last one. Sorry, love.
text: She shows her the empty packet. The girl smiles,
text: disappointed. She nods, looks ahead, towards Connie.
text: Brenda sighs. She takes her cigarette from her mouth, and
dialog: tears it in two.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 62A
text: She lights one end against the other and then gives half
text: to the girl who beams, delighted.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 89
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 63
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS OFFICE - DAY 89
text: Monty stands with Grant and Hopkins. He tries to look
text: confident. In fact, he’s uneasy. The whole room is. Then,
text: suddenly, the door bursts open and Tooley strides in, a
text: file under one arm. He slings it onto a far desk as
text: Hopkins tries to assert control.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Monty. This is Mr Tooley. He-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: I need you to break the strike for me, Mr
dialog: Taylor...As soon as you can.
text: Monty glances at Hopkins who also looks a little
text: surprised. Monty scoffs.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: I’m not sure you appreciate whose side
dialog: I’m on-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Oh, yes, I do. I’ve been going through
dialog: your file-
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: File?
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: You’re on your side, Mr Taylor.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: I beg your pardon!? I-
dialog: (to Hopkins)
dialog: I don’t have to listen to this-
text: He moves towards the door
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Keep going! And six months from now, your
dialog: union won't exist.
text: Monty stops. Despite himself. He turns back.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Industry can’t afford to pay women the
dialog: same rates as men. Fact. If it’s forced
dialog: to, it will collapse under the extra wage
dialog: bill, its workers will be laid off, their
dialog: union subscriptions will disappear and
dialog: so, finally, will the unions which
dialog: collect them. That’s you...Monty.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 90
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 64
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Which means you will no longer have a
dialog: reason to visit these gentlemen here via-
dialog: (flips open file)
dialog: The Berni Inn, is it?...The Queen’s Head,
dialog: The Chequers-
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Jeez, that’s a lot’ve restaurants...Not
dialog: to mention the all expenses paid trips to
dialog: the party conferences. Union conferences-
dialog: (spots something)
dialog: To Paris! The Gallic rank and file. Good
dialog: on you, Monty!
text: Monty blinks; afraid. Tooley walks across and leans right
text: into him.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: These women get what they want, you’re
dialog: fucked. So why don’t you start thinking
dialog: less about what your union can do for you
dialog: and more what you can do for your
dialog: union...Go break the strike!
text: Monty trembles, humiliated, then walks numbly from the
text: office. A long silence. Tooley looks to the others.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Personnel files...Everyone’s got a weak
dialog: spot. You just gotta find it.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER PLANT - DAY 90
text: The women are now on picket before their entrance gates.
text: They call out for Equal Pay, Equality... several chant;
text: ‘We Want Justice!’ and ‘Support Our Struggle!’ A lorry
text: delivering supplies turns away in support of them. the
text: Women all cheer. The lorry pips as it drives back up the
dialog: road.
text: As the lorry accelerates away Rita sees a figure
dialog: approaching-—
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 65
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Hello, love! Thought you weren’t comin’-
dialog: (hands across money)
dialog: Got your strike pay. Albert let me have
dialog: it-
text: Connie looks at it, takes it and nods. But she is
text: hassled. She places her bag on the kerb beside several
text: others, then steps across to join the chatting girls.
text: Rita lowers her voice.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah...Fine.
text: Connie looks up the road. But she is aware of Rita
text: staring at her; not convinced. Connie sighs, then steps
text: back to rummage in her bag: a diversion. Rita moves over.
text: Connie lowers her voice.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: -Was a load've press outside the Labour
dialog: Exchange. They cornered George...
dialog: (Rita is confused)
dialog: “Had he fought for a country where the
dialog: women’d turn out to be more militant than
dialog: the men?”-—
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Silly sods.
text: Connie frowns; that’s not what she meant.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: But then, a bell sounds briefly. Rita looks across. A
text: dark blue police van pulls up.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: What they doin’ here?
text: Three or four policemen get out of the van.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hello boys. Nothin’ too physical. Til
dialog: we're on first name terms. I’m Brenda-
text: The girls all laugh. A young PC, about twenty, speaks:
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: You gotta move.
text: The hilarity stops in an instant.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 66
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: You’re trespassin’.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: No, we ain’t. We're picketin’-
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: You can’t. Not here.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Yes, we can. It’s our right!
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: Not here!
text: He is firm. The girls are stunned.
speaker_heading: COPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: You can do it at the bottom of the High
dialog: Street-—
dialog: (points way back to town)
dialog: But this road, all the way back to town,
dialog: Ford built. So it’s private property and
dialog: since you’re on strike you’re actually
dialog: out of contract which means you are
dialog: trespassin’. You gotta move to the public
dialog: highway-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: We can’t turn the lorries round from
dialog: there-
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: I’m sorry!...Look, who’s in charge?
text: Everyone looks at Rita but Connie steps forward.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m shop steward-
dialog: Rita turns, wrong footed-
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: Right. I need you to get these women out
dialog: of here.
text: He nods and then opens his arms wide as if to corral the
dialog: women up the road-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Get your hands off me-
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: I ain’t touched you-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 91
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 67
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: It’s alright, Connie-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No. It ain’t alright!
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: (to Connie)
dialog: Will you just move-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No!
text: Rita is worried, the situation starting to boil-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Yeah, sod off! We ain’t doin’ nothin’
dialog: wrong-
text: The women link arms. Connie is on the end of the line.
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: You are! And you gotta shift!
text: He shoves Connie forwards. She pulls away.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Get off me! You ignorant bugger-
speaker_heading: COPPER
dialog: Right! Lads-
text: He beckons the other coppers. And grabs Connie.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Leave her!
speaker_heading: CONNIE COPPER
dialog: Get off! Come here-
text: Connie kicks her heel hard into his shin. He cries out,
text: letting go. But the other coppers grab her as the girls
text: shove back against them. A huge melee ensues. The press
text: take photos and Sandra tries to smile, even as she’s
text: shoved one way and the other. In a moment, though,
text: Connie, screaming, is extracted, shoved in the van and
text: the coppers are away. Silence immediately falls and Rita
text: looks to Brenda, shocked.
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT, CORRIDOR - DAY 91
text: Monty stands looking out of a window at the aftermath of
text: the skirmish. A pay phone is close by, on the wall. Monty
text: feels sick.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 68
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 92
text: A clock ticks. And ticks. Then we see George. He sits at
text: home. He is in an armchair but is perched right on the
text: edge of the seat. He looks at the time. Then back to a
text: spot on the far wall. He suddenly screws his eyes tight
text: shut and grimaces. A second and he opens his eyes again.
text: Wherever he is, he’s utterly terrified.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - LATE AFTERNOON 93
text: Brenda, Rita and Eileen are all piled into the station
text: and Rita speaks to the uniformed desk clerk. She is
text: incredulous.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You can’t just keep her in.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: We can do what we like while she’s
dialog: hysterical-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Course she’s hysterical! She’s been in a
dialog: bleedin’ police cell all afternoon-
dialog: (gathers her own emotions)
dialog: Please. Just let me speak to her.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: She ain’t allowed visitors-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I’m not visitin’! I’m tryin’ to sort
dialog: things out-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (0.S.)
dialog: Excuse me!...Can I help here?
text: Tooley pushes through the women.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I only just found out...A question of
dialog: trespass, I gather? On Ford property?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: (pushing ID over)
dialog: I represent Ford Motors, Sir, and we have
dialog: no desire to press charges here.
text: (Rita stares at Tooley,
dialog: immediately uneasy)
dialog: Protest is a basic right in all free and
dialog: democratic countries.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 68A
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: There’s also a matter of assault-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 69
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Is that so? Well, I’m quite sure it was a
dialog: minor thing. And with all these ladies
text: here as witnesses, plus the view of
dialog: another of my employees who clearly saw
dialog: the incident with the middle aged
dialog: woman...I’m sure you’d be just as happy
dialog: as me if it went right away.
text: The clerk hesitates, then bolts from his desk into a back
text: room. Tooley turns, smiles.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Robert Tooley, Mrs O’Grady. A pleasure to
dialog: meet you.
text: She’s shocked he knows her name. Then Tooley produces a
text: card from an inner pocket. He holds it out-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Anytime you wanna come in, have a chat
dialog: with me...
dialog: (she takes the card)
dialog: Talk about settling this thing-
dialog: (she looks him in the eye)
dialog: Just give me a call.
dialog: (starts to go; looks back)
dialog: It's my job to make things happen, Mrs
dialog: O'Grady. I can make all sorts of things
dialog: happen.
text: And he’s gone.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Christ...I thought Boris Karloff was
dialog: scary.
text: Rita nods, gathering herself and her tumbling emotions.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: It’s fine. We can handle him...Shows how
dialog: much they’re frightened of us...Sendin’
dialog: in the heavy brigade-
text: A cheer of support. Rita makes to say more-
text: But a voice cuts through.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Can we go now...I wanna go home.
text: Connie is there; standing by an inner door which closes
text: behind her. She is visibly upset. The girls flock to her.
text: A half beat and Rita, a little awkward, goes, too.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 69A
scene_heading: 93A EXT. CONNIE’S HOUSE 93A
text: Connie enters her house.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 70
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 94
text: Connie closes her door. She looks pale. A second as she
text: gathers herself. Then she walks towards the sitting room,
text: calling out, brightly-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m back, George-
text: But there is no-one there, his chair empty.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: George?
text: She passes into the kitchen. Nothing. And now she’s
text: looking slightly anxious. She calls generally, to the
dialog: house...
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m home, love-
text: And she hurries from the kitchen to the stairs. We see
text: her run up them.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: George!
text: Then we hear her upstairs. Front bedroom, back bedroom
text: and running back down the stairs. She looks scared.
scene_heading: EXT. WASTELAND - LATE AFTERNOON 95
text: George wanders across a bleak, barren expanse of open
text: ground. His steps are jerky, ragged. He looks wretched.
scene_heading: EXT. DAGENHAM ESTATE - LATE AFTERNOON 96
text: We hear shouts from the girls. They are calling George's
text: name as they search the estate. Rita and Connie appear at
text: the foot of a twitchell.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Christ-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: He’1l turn up-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I said. I said I’d be back at two-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Connie-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (shouts )
dialog: George!
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 71
text: Rita looks stressed but knows she must remain calm.
scene_heading: EXT. WASTELAND - LATE AFTERNOON 97
text: Graham, still in school uniform, carrying a football,
text: heads home. He frowns; recognising the figure sitting on
text: a fly tipped bench. It is George. Graham moves over.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Hello Mr Andrews...You alright?
text: George says nothing. There is a hint of spittle in the
text: corner of his mouth. Graham is unsure. He glances round,
text: then sits beside George.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Just been playin’ football. I was Bobby
dialog: Moore...
dialog: (nothing from George)
dialog: I should get home for me tea-
text: He starts to move. But George reaches out and takes his
text: hand. Graham is shocked at first; but then he looks into
text: George’s eyes and sees the fear. And shock gives way to
text: worry and he finally sits back, holding the older man’s
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF WASTELAND - ESTATE - LATE AFTERNOON 98
text: Connie, Rita, Eileen, Monica all crying out for George.
dialog: And in them all we hear the gathering concern, the
dialog: insistence.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Oh, God! Where is he-
text: She seems about to set off in another direction when she
text: stops. Her breath catches. There he is. Walking with
text: Graham. Graham still holding his hand. Graham bringing
text: him home. Connie’s eyes fill and she runs towards her
text: husband. Rita exhales, feeling the gathering pressure.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 72
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT - AFTERNOON 99
text: Gordon sits in the empty warehouse reading the paper. A
text: man with a clipped ‘tash and severely parted hair stands
text: to one side shouting into the phone.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don’t you take that tone with me! I-
dialog: (stops; listens; then-)
dialog: There aren’t any! That’s what I’m sayin’:
dialog: You've had ‘em all! There are no more
dialog: finished seats...full stop!
text: He slams the phone down. Then he takes a deep breath and
text: gathers himself. He walks past Gordon who looks up from
dialog: his paper.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Frank!
text: Frank glances across
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you want me to do, then?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: Go home.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What?
text: Frank stops by the door. He turns; looks serious-
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No more seats...no more job.
text: Frank leaves. Gordon's face as he realises he’s being
text: laid off. He is stunned. And angry.
scene_heading: INT. FORD MAIN PLANT - AFTERNOON 100
text: The assembly line stops.
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS OFFICE - AFTERNOON 101
text: Hopkins scrambles for his phone, terrified and dials-
scene_heading: EXT. DAGENHAM HIGH STREET - AFTERNOON 102
text: A pale Rita walks through Dagenham’s deserted streets.
text: She is exhausted. But then, a man cycles up the hill.
text: Then another. She checks her watch and frowns. Too early.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 73
text: But more sweep by until finally, a huge tide of cyclists
text: pass by her. One or two men glance at her as they go.
text: Finally, she stops an older man, moving slowly.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What’s goin’ on?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You done it...
dialog: (she is uncertain)
dialog: They've laid everyone off-
dialog: (she blinks)
dialog: You’ve shut the factory down.
text: He rides on. Rita wobbles.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I...I gotta see Albert.
text: Rita runs off, through the tide of men flooding onto the
dialog: streets.
scene_heading: 103 INT. HOPKINS OFFICE - AFTERNOON 103
text: Tooley watches Hopkins who paces his office.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: That's it. We’re buggered! We can’t make
dialog: cars with no bloody seats in ‘em!
text: He inadvertently snaps a pencil he’s holding. He throws
text: it in the bin.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Relax-
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Relax! The entire workforce of my main
dialog: plant is going home!
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Good.
dialog: (Hopkins blinks)
dialog: This is what we want-
text: Tooley is smiling, reasonable. Hopkins, incredulous,
dialog: makes to speak-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: We're trying to make the girls go back to
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 74
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And now, we've got five thousand men out
dialog: of a job, as well...Their husbands and
dialog: boyfriends...Which means, in a very short
dialog: time, when those men can’t afford their
dialog: booze and their soccer and their
dialog: gambling...they’1l do our job for us...
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - NIGHT 104
text: Albert and Rita stare at the facade from inside a CAFE.
text: Albert still wears his Ford overalls. A note pad sits
text: beside them on the table and several empty packets of
text: crisps are screwed up in the ashtray.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Now’s the critical time, Rita. You gotta
dialog: drive them girls forward-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I know that!
text: She does. And he smiles, nodding, acknowledging it.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: You need to keep an eye on the Union,
dialog: too. Now the lads’ve all been made
dialog: redundant. They’1l be nervous. And Monty!
dialog: Ford's rattled him. I can tell. So
dialog: careful what news you share with him!
text: She nods. Meets Albert’s eye. He suddenly smiles and
text: clenches his fists.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold on tight, girl.
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE - NIGHT 105
text: Rita hurries into the house. She’s flushed.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I’m back-
text: She nips into the kitchen which is in a mess. She opens
text: the fridge. It is bare. There is a tiny piece of cheese
text: and after checking it, she devours it. Then she walks
text: towards the front room.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Eddie?
text: She peers round the door. It’s empty.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 106
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 75
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE, BEDROOM - NIGHT 106
text: Rita slips into the bedroom. Eddie is laying in bed. He
text: is reading a Haynes motorcycle Manual. He looks across
text: and goes back to the book.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah...Been busy, have you?
text: She is instantly energized, moving to the bed and sitting
text: close, her gaze intense.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Final push, Eddie; we gotta plan. The
dialog: entire Main Plant closed down. Ford can’t
dialog: afford that-
text: He’s looking at her now and she stops; realises-—
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean...I’m sorry, love...It’s had to
dialog: come to this. For you and the lads...
text: He stares. Then looks back to the book.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Oh, don’t you worry about us, Rita...We
dialog: was sayin’ on the way out, it’s nice warm
dialog: weather at the moment; if they cut the
dialog: gas off, we'll hardly notice.
text: He glances back and smiles. Then, it’s face in the book
text: again. Rita frowns. Is he joking? She stands and moves
text: across the room and starts to undress. She turns to him,
dialog: however; can’t let it go.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Thing is, I know how you feel, love:
dialog: gettin’ laid off. ‘Cause’ve all them
dialog: times us girls’ve supported you men; and
dialog: it’s meant no work for us.
text: He looks across the room. His eyes fiery. Half a second
text: and he puts a lid on his emotions.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Then he’s back to the book. She stiffens even more.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: If you've got somethin’ on your mind,
dialog: Eddie-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 107
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 76
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I’m fine...I’d say.
text: Beat. She crosses to take off her make up.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Good. Cause I ain’t had the easiest of
dialog: days meself-
text: Click! His half of the room plunges into darkness. Rita
text: stares across at Eddie, sees his hand move from the lamp
text: to the bed while his back remains resolutely turned
text: towards her.
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT 107
text: Connie is in bed, asleep. George is beside her. Suddenly
text: he starts to pant. The panting gets louder and faster, as
text: if he is hyperventilating. Connie moans, starts to wake.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Fuckin’ skip, fuckin’ skip-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: George-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Closin’ in! He’s...closin’-
text: He shouts out. Connie turns on the light.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: George, George, stop it-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ahh! Ah!
text: He cries out the last time, wide awake. Then he sees it’s
text: her. He blinks, starts to slow his breathing.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It's alright. I’m here....It’s okay.
text: She stares. He says nothing, whimpers. He looks at the
text: bed. Then he curses, feeling something-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Oh...
text: He shifts over. The bed is wet through.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It don’t matter. I'll change it...Here-
text: She drags him onto her side, towards the foot of the bed.
text: He watches her. Then his face twists.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 77
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What the fuck do you care?
dialog: (she is confused)
dialog: You’d sooner they threw us in the
dialog: sanatorium...Or the fuckin’ poor house-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (wrong footed)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (nodding; manic)
dialog: I know what you’re up to...This strike.
dialog: Back your mates...Then when we haven’t
dialog: got a pot to piss in, with a bit’ve luck,
dialog: the Social’1l have me, eh?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (upset)
dialog: No! You-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And then you can move another one
dialog: in...Real fuckin’ man...Look after you
dialog: proper-—
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Don’t say that!-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Give you a bitta cock-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: George!
text: A second and he launches himself at her-
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You fuckin’ cow, you-
text: He knocks her backwards and drags himself up her body.
text: She immediately tries to pin his arms to his side but he
text: is flailing, crying out, howling like an animal-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Stop it! George! Stop it! You’re gonna
dialog: hurt me!
text: And then we see him bite her, on the shoulder, like he is
text: stuffing a rag in his own mouth. She cries out, in pain.
text: But she grits her teeth, baring it. And finally, his
text: wailing reaches a pitch and he slumps against her, spent
text: and sobbing. Connie looks bereft, her own eyes filling
text: immediately. She pulls him to her, holding his head
text: against her chest. His convulsing body shakes the whole
dialog: bed.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
speaker_heading: 107aA
speaker_heading: 107A
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 78
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I’m sorry...I’m sorry-
text: She holds him. And we pull back and see them both,
text: huddled together, in their small dark bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS OFFICE - DAY 107aA
text: Tooley walks into the office where Grant is working. He
text: is tense and opens a drawer aggressively. Grant closes a
text: filing cabinet. Nothing. He sighs. But then he notices an
text: old copy of the Dagenham and Redbridge Echo, folded on
text: top of the cabinet. On it is a picture of Sandra, in hot
dialog: pants.
speaker_heading: GRANT
dialog: Mr Tooley...
text: Tooley turns, eyes greedy; he heard a thought there-
scene_heading: INT. BRENDA’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 107A
text: Several of the women are hanging out at Brenda’s house.
text: Monica and Eileen are making tea in the kitchen while
text: Rita talks to a couple of women in the living room.
text: Sandra reads a magazine, slightly distracted. Brenda
text: gives out garden produce from a sack, handing a
dialog: cauliflower to Eileen-
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Thanks love-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: No! Thanks not necessary-—
dialog: She deposits the cauliflower besides Monica
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: -the pleasure was all mine.
text: Eileen smiles. Then-
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Here, I don’t suppose you could get any
dialog: fruit could you? I’ve had nothin’ but
dialog: cabbage soup all week-
text: Brenda smiles and opens a cupboard. Inside is nothing but
text: a large pineapple.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Ta da!
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Bloody hell-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 78A
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Jesus. He must love you-
text: Monica steps closer, as if looking at the crown jewels-
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: I’ve never had a real pineapple.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Help yourself.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: No...!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Go on.
text: Eileen excitedly starts cutting it up. Brenda moves to
dialog: Sandra.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Cauliflower or cabbage?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: What?...
dialog: (realises what she’s being
dialog: asked)
dialog: Oh... No thanks.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Go on. Take something.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: No I’m fine. I got to go actually.
text: She gets up finds her bag
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’1l see you all later.
text: Monica enters as Sandra goes.
speaker_heading: MONICA, RITA, ETC
dialog: See you Sandra.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: She alright?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Course she is. You know what she’s like.
dialog: Always wishing she was somewhere else.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Yeah.
text: Brenda tips the sack upside down. One last cauliflower.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 78B
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: This one’s Connie’s. Where is she? I
dialog: ain’t seen her around-
text: Eileen and Monica have brought out slices of Pineapple.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Don’t worry. I‘’1ll take it for her-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: No, I’11 do it... I wanna talk to her.
text: Rita, clearly worried, slips the cauli in a straw basket.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Rita! It ain’t all your responsibility...
text: Rita stares at Eileen and smiles. But it’s fragile.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: We gotta stand firm. Everyone of us! It
dialog: ain't easy... And it’s gonna get harder
dialog: now. Cause we ain’t caved in how they
dialog: thought we would. Which means they’re
dialog: desperate... But we’ve got this far, so
dialog: we can get a bit further... as long as we
dialog: stick together.
text: She stops just as she’s getting into her stride, the
text: others are trying to focus but really their attention is
text: on the pineapple they are devouring with loud slurps and
text: from which they look up at Rita. She sighs and smiles,
text: relaxing at last.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Give us some of that-
speaker_heading: 107B OMITTED 107B
speaker_heading: 108 OMITTED 108
speaker_heading: 109 OMITTED 109
speaker_heading: 110 OMITTED 110
speaker_heading: 111 OMITTED 111
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 79
speaker_heading: 112 OMITTED 112
speaker_heading: 113 OMITTED 113
scene_heading: 114 EXT. REAR OF CONNIE’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 114
text: Rita passes down the side of Connie’s house.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Connie...You there?
text: She peeps over the wall. Connie is sitting on a chair by
text: the door, a bucket at her feet, peeling potatoes. Rita
text: smiles, stops straining and passes round the corner-
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: I brought you a present. From Brenda’s
dialog: fella-
text: She ducks through the gate, holding out the Cauliflower.
text: Connie looks across at her. Rita is still smiling. She
text: places the cauliflower on the floor beside Connie.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Plus, Albert’s been in touch; Union’s
dialog: called a meetin’-
text: She straightens and looks at Connie
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sounds important; so we need to-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No...
dialog: (Rita frowns)
dialog: I... I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (wrong footed)
dialog: I...?
text: Connie avoids eye contact as she clarifies what she
dialog: means.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m not sure I can come with you.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
text: A beat. Finally Connie looks at Rita.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I...wanna step back a bit, Rita-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 79aA
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (alarm now)
dialog: Connie-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I need to...I feel like I-
text: Rita is panicky.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You can’t just stop-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m not stoppin’! I’m still on strike. I
dialog: still support you. I just-
dialog: (Rita makes to speak)
dialog: I can’t be on the front line so
dialog: much!...That’s all.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (scared)
dialog: But...we need you...at the meetin’s
dialog: (shrugs )
text: And the younger girls; they look up to
dialog: you-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You’re in charge, Rita! You wanted to be
dialog: in charge! Of this dispute.
text: Rita looks upset by that one and it forces Connie to turn
text: away. She sighs and tries another tack.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I got arrested. They put us in a cell.
dialog: It’s too much for me!
text: Again they make eye contact. And this time Rita knows
text: Connie’s making excuses. Connie sees this and exhales;
text: unable to keep up the pretence any longer. She scoffs,
dialog: sadly.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 79A
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you want me to say, Rita? George
dialog: is ill. You know that! He’s touched. And
dialog: the strike’s whippin’ everything up...I
dialog: gotta put him first-
dialog: (Rita makes to speak)
dialog: You don’t understand!
dialog: (frowns )
dialog: I’m not his wife no more. I’m more like
dialog: his...sister or-
dialog: (stares at Rita)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 80
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But I’m his. And that’s all he’s got
dialog: left.
text: Rita stares at her friend, her heart breaking.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: And I ain’t sayin’ you gotta give up on
dialog: him, Connie. Just...
dialog: (imploringly)
dialog: You count, too. Your life...And you gotta
dialog: allow it to blossom, just a bit...Or the
dialog: war’s gonna destroy two people, Con! And
dialog: that would be so wrong.
text: Connie stares hard at Rita.
speaker_heading: 115 OMITTED 115
speaker_heading: 116 OMITTED 116
speaker_heading: 117 OMITTED 117
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: 118A
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 80A-82
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOX - ESTATE - AFTERNOON 118
text: Sandra stands very upright in the phone box. She looks
text: agitated. The ‘phone rings and she grabs it.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Hello-
dialog: (posher)
dialog: Hello...Yes...Yes, it is...That’s right.
dialog: I got your note, thank you. I was... busy
dialog: when you come round-
dialog: (stops; listens)
dialog: What?
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Really...?
dialog: (listens; then looks worried)
dialog: Oh, I see...Well, I dunno, about that, I-
dialog: (listens; brightens)
dialog: Yeah? That would be nice...I mean, it
dialog: makes sense, dunnit...Okay. Thank you.
text: She hangs up. She looks dry mouthed. But set on a course.
scene_heading: EXT. DAGENHAM TOWN CENTRE - AFTERNOON 118A
text: Rita walks through town. She approaches a large brick
dialog: building: Department of Labour and Social Services,
text: Employment Exchange. One or two men pass inside and
text: several more are gathered in groups by the gate. Rita
text: sees them, crosses the road, and accelerates. She slows
text: at a bus stop. She lights a cigarette with unsteady
text: hands. Then she stops. Someone is there; it is Gordon.
text: She smiles, relieved.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Hello, Gordon-
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Don’t you fuckin’ hello me!
text: (she blinks, shocked)
dialog: You don’t have to work. You got an
dialog: husband. My missus don’t have to. You do,
dialog: ‘cause it’s nice. It’s a bit extra. But
dialog: you don’t have to...I have to fuckin’
dialog: work. To pay the electric and the food
dialog: and the coal. The fuckin’ basics. Only
dialog: now I can’t. I can’t shift what ain’t
dialog: there...You fuckin’ idiot.
text: He strides off. Rita doesn’t move, feeling sick.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 82A
scene_heading: EXT. RITA'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 119
text: Rita, shaken walks down the road, turns a corner and
text: stops: from her house, two men are wheeling her fridge
text: onto the back of a lorry. Eddie walks onto the doorstep,
text: watching the scene. Rita hurries over and turns to him.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We ain’t paid the HP... Last of my cash
dialog: went on the electric bill. How you set?
text: Her jaw tightens.
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 120
text: Rita runs angrily into the kitchen. She goes straight for
text: the shoe polish box, pulls out the puncture repair kit
text: and opens it. It is bare. She looks furious-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 83
scene_heading: 121 EXT. RITA’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 121
text: Rita strides over to Eddie-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You spent the money-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Eh?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You spent the last of the emergency. Out
dialog: the repair kit.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I had to pay the milk man.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Why?-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What d’you mean-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: We could’a kept him off til next week-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He wanted payin’ !-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: And you shoulda told him we didn’t have
dialog: it!
dialog: (he makes to speak)
dialog: Christ, Eddie, I’m in charge of the
dialog: money!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, you ain’t much good at it are you!
dialog: Or we might have some left!
text: (she blinks, shocked; he
dialog: scoffs)
dialog: Welcome to the real world, Rita. This is
dialog: bein’ on strike: you run out of cash and
dialog: you end up screamin’ at each other.
text: She stares at him, ashen.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What happened to you?
text: Eddie walks back into the flat and Sharon walks out,
text: oblivious to their argument. Rita stares.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (Tugging at Rita’s sleeve)
dialog: Mum, are you coming in now?
text: Then her neighbour Marge lets herself in next door.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 122
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 83A
speaker_heading: MARGE (0.S.)
dialog: Rita!
dialog: Rita turns;
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Hello, Marge.
text: She smiles; doing her best.
speaker_heading: MARGE
dialog: I thought you lot were back at work?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: No... no we...
text: She looks at Marge
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Everything alright?
speaker_heading: MARGE
dialog: Yeah it’s just... I was just finishing my
dialog: shift and I’m sure I saw your Sandra...
text: She stops and frowns-
speaker_heading: MARGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Rita?
text: Rita is already hurrying back to the house, Sharon
text: gripped tightly in her hand.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Eddie! I gotta go out.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: But Mum... you said...
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I’m sorry love. Mummy’s got to do
dialog: something important, Daddy will look
dialog: after you
dialog: (shouts )
dialog: Eddie!
speaker_heading: OMITTED 122
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 84
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER PLANT - AFTERNOON 123
text: Sandra waits outside the factory. She looks nervous. She
text: walks in.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 124
scene_heading: INT. MAIN PLANT - AFTERNOON 125
text: Music plays quietly in the background as a photographer
text: in his late forties, bearded, leans in towards Sandra.
text: She wears an evening dress and long gloves. She is
text: positioned between the harsh machinery of the shop floor
text: and a brand new Ford Executive Saloon.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 126
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 85
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
text: Terrific Sandra. Head a little higher.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Like that?
text: She twists. Looks over one shoulder. She’s a natural.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Yeeees! Beautiful!
text: And even as he says it, at the side, a door opens and
text: Rita and the other girls rush in-
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT’D)
text: Bit nearer...Flat hand on the roof.
text: And they stop, amazed. They stare at Sandra. She looks
text: extraordinary. Beautiful, transformed. And momentarily,
text: they are neutered, unsure what to do. But then Sandra, as
text: she turns, sees them.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay. Openinin’ the door now. Lookin’
dialog: back to the machine’s-
text: But Sandra slows, can’t do it with the girls watching.
text: And finally she stops. Then the photographer becomes
text: aware of the other women, too, Rita to the fore now.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Right...Not to worry...Why don’t we have
dialog: a break...You can go back to the caravan,
dialog: Sandra. Get changed for the next set
dialog: up!...You’ve done brilliantly.
text: Sandra stares at the girls and then rushes out in the
text: opposite direction, slipping on a silk dressing gown as
dialog: she goes.
scene_heading: INT. WARDROBE TRUCK - AFTERNOON 126
text: Sandra sits before a mirror, staring at herself. Then, in
text: the mirror, she sees Rita enter at the back of the
text: waggon. She turns. A moment.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: It’s all I’ve ever wanted.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I know.
text: Sandra's eyes fill. She shakes her head.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 86
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I don’t really care about equal
dialog: pay...Still a shitty factory, with dead
text: birds and rain comin’ in and like a sauna
dialog: in the summer and dirty and-
dialog: (cries; screws up face)
dialog: I want more, Rita-
text: And now she’s crying. Rita runs across.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Hey-
text: Rita comes across and hugs her. When Sandra speaks it’s
dialog: between sobs-—
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Tooley said he’d shown me photo...Out the
dialog: paper...And this photographer’d said I’d
dialog: got what it took-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: You have-
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: It's for a brochure. Only trade but it
dialog: could lead on...Foot in the door, you
dialog: know-
dialog: (breath catches)
dialog: I don’t wanna let you down. I just-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You ain’t let us down. You ain’t gone
dialog: back yet, have you...?
dialog: (Sandra looks to Rita
dialog: hopefully)
dialog: I mean, that is the deal, innit? They let
dialog: you do this shoot and you go back to
dialog: work... but the going back bit ain’t
dialog: happened yet so...
text: She smiles. And then Sandra looks horribly compromised
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: But...They won’t use the photos, unless,
dialog: I-
text: She stops; the choice is clear.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Sandra...You look amazin’...I mean, you
dialog: are a model. You were doin’ it, in there.
dialog: They couldn’t get better...You could
dialog: though...Now I seen it. You really
dialog: could...But it’s up to you in the end.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 86A
text: Rita walks out. Sandra looks pale.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 87
scene_heading: INT. RIVER PLANT - AFTERNOON 127
text: The photographer, now back, glances across to Brenda and
text: Eileen, nervously. And then Tooley suddenly appears. He
text: looks worried. He sees the two women also, and fears the
text: worst. But then, the far door opens and Sandra walks in.
text: She looks scared but determined as she crosses the shop
dialog: floor-
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Brilliant, Sandra. That’s great-
text: He moves into position. Tooley looks triumphantly to
text: Brenda and Eileen who stand with Sharon.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Same as before. Loads’ve oomph, loads’ve
dialog: energy...
text: Sandra slips off the dressing gown
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Loads’ve, Christ-—
text: He stops. Sandra is down to her bikini. And written on
text: her body in red lipstick is: EQUAL PAY
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: How’s that look?
text: Tooley trembles with suppressed rage.
scene_heading: EXT. FACTORY - NIGHT 128
text: The factory is deserted; shut down still and creaking
dialog: with inactivity.
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - DAY 129
text: George sits in the kitchen. He has the paper before him
text: but doesn’t read it. Then Connie enters. She is dressed
text: up and grabs a hand bag.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You’re goin’ are you?
text: She turns. Frowns.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You know I am. I said. It’s an emergency
dialog: meetin’...Rita asked me to go, ‘special-
dialog: (He stares. Nods)
dialog: You gotta fight for what you believe in,
dialog: George. You know that. More than anyone.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 130
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 88
text: He stares.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You think I'd do the same again. If
dialog: another war come round?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I know you would...Cause you’re an hero.
text: He stares. There is utter conviction on her face.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I love you.
text: She frowns. Wrong footed. Then there is a knock on the
text: door. It opens.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Con. You all set?...George-
dialog: 
text: Rita smiles at George. Connie looks from Rita, back to
text: her husband. He smiles.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Go.
text: She does and the door closes. George smiles again.
scene_heading: INT. UNION OFFICES - AFTERNOON 130
text: Rita hurries into the outer chamber of the union offices,
text: where we saw Albert wait for his bollocking.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Sorry I’m late-
text: She stops. Connie is already sitting there, waiting, with
text: Albert. Rita smiles, delighted that Connie’s back on
text: board and she makes to speak. But before she can, Albert
text: is to his feet and hurrying across-—
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: That don’t matter. You gotta listen-
text: The door opens and a secretary appears
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Ready for you now...
text: He leaves the doors open as he goes back inside the inner
text: sanctum. We see Bartholomew, Rogers, Monty and a couple
text: of other Union Reps waiting. Albert, placing his hands in
text: the small of the back of Rita and Connie, turns the women
text: in a wide arc towards the other room. At the same time he
text: lowers his voice and continues in a whisper-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 88A
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: They've hung you out to dry. Lads in the
dialog: other unions’ve had enough. Whatever they
dialog: say now, don’t believe it and we’ll sort
dialog: it out after-
dialog: (normal voice, turning)
dialog: This way, please, ladies-
text: He guides the women into the main chamber. Albert smiles
text: in a comradely way to the other men, then closes the door
text: behind him.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 89
scene_heading: INT. UNION OFFICES - DAY 131
text: Rita’s jaw is fixed. She glances at Connie.
speaker_heading: BARTHOLOMEW
dialog: We are absolutely behind you still, Rita.
dialog: You and the girls...We ain’t sayin’
dialog: otherwise-
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: And as you can see, we have got other
dialog: representatives from the other Unions
dialog: here to pledge-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You ain’t got ‘em all though, have you-
text: Albert flashes her a glance. She bites it-
speaker_heading: BARTHOLOMEW
dialog: No...But we’re very confident
dialog: we'll...prevail. The thing is, though, as
dialog: we've got the National Conference comin’
dialog: up...down Weymouth...The most sensible
dialog: thing, probably, would be just to go to a
dialog: vote-—
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Which would be the actual, final, and
dialog: bindin’ position, I believe, Comrade?
dialog: After which it’d be out our hands.
speaker_heading: BARTHOLOMEW
dialog: That's right, Monty. But like I say,
dialog: we're expectin’ full support.
text: He looks Rita in the eye.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - AFTERNOON 132
text: The line up of Barbara Castle’s posh, public school,
text: undersecretaries. They beam. Then we see Mrs Castle. She
text: looks uncertain.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: The Unions are turning!
scene_heading: UNDERSECRETARY TWO
dialog: The other unions, Minister! Normally,
dialog: they all band together-
dialog: She turns on that one-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Yes. I gather it’s called Solidarity-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 133
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 90
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: Only, they’re not...Being solid. The men
dialog: want to return to work. So they’re
dialog: telling their unions to withdraw support
dialog: from the machinist’s union and to
dialog: actively put pressure on the women to end
dialog: the dispute...
dialog: (beams )
dialog: They’1l be back within the week.
text: Barbara Castle stares. Is that a tiny hint of
dialog: disappointment?
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: We'll see...
text: The men glance at each other, confused.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re assuming the girls will do as
dialog: they’re told.
text: She smiles and walks out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - DAY 133
text: Rita and Connie pass down the lane. They are fired up.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: They must think we was born yesterday-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: That Monty’s a sly one, though, inni?
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: “Will the Weymouth vote be bindin’
dialog: Comrade?”
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: See how he looks when we turn up down
dialog: there! Put our side of things-
text: They pass through the gate.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Sod him...You’re right. We can deal with
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: We can deal with anyone, Con!
text: They both laugh and Connie opens the door. She screams.
text: In the centre of the room, hanging from the ceiling, a
text: belt around his neck, is George. He is wearing his RAF
text: Best Blue. Rita makes a guttural, animal-like noise and
text: then runs into the house. Connie follows, realising what
dialog: Rita intends.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 91
text: And Rita is there already, grabbing George round the
text: thighs and trying to take the weight off his neck.
scene_heading: EXT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - DAY 134
text: A police car and an ambulance are parked on the road. A
text: small crowd has gathered to watch. Rita is standing a
text: little away from the scene, staring at the house. She can
text: see Connie, through the front windows, on the settee, a
text: blanket around her shoulders, being passed a cup of tea
text: by a policewoman.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - DAY 135
text: The machinists are all gathered for George’s funeral. A
text: couple of RAF greatcoats can be seen. Possibly ex
text: crew...they’re George’s age. Connie stands with Brenda.
text: Rita is with Eddie and the kids. Albert is there, too.
text: The service nears its end and finally, the vicar closes
text: his prayer book and moves away. The crowd presses up to
text: Connie and people start to pass on their condolences.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I’m sorry, Connie.
text: Connie nods, smiles, but doesn’t look Rita in the eye.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No, you’re not.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You thought he was a millstone. You
dialog: thought he was keepin’ me back-
text: One or two heads turn.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hey, Connie that’s enough!
text: Connie finally looks at Rita.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I should have been there.
text: Brenda leads Connie away. She has started to cry. Rita
text: watches, her expression frozen. Eddie takes her hand
text: supportively.
scene_heading: EXT. RITA’S HOUSE - EVENING 136
text: Rita is alone now. We sense she’s not been home all
text: afternoon. She walks slowly onto her street, exhausted.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 91A
text: And then she stops. A car is parked close to her house.
text: Lisa's. She climbs from the vehicle and smiles. Rita does
text: her best to return the gesture as she reaches the car.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: This is a surprise.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah. I’m...sorry it’s so late...I nearly
dialog: didn’t come at all.
text: She’s nervous. Rita is too numb to see it.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You wanna pop in? I...be honest, I ain’t
dialog: feelin’ the most chatty but-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 92
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No...I really don’t want to keep you, I
dialog: just-
text: She looks at Rita; and loses her nerve. She smiles
dialog: instead.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr Clarke has been asked to leave the
dialog: school.
dialog: (Rita frowns; the name cuts
dialog: through)
dialog: We won. They’re getting rid of him.
text: Rita manages to smile.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: That's great. That’s...brilliant.
text: Lisa nods. A beat. Rita looks to her front door-
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m married to Peter Hopkins. At the
dialog: factory...
dialog: (Rita is stunned)
dialog: Had a feeling you didn’t know...And I
dialog: didn’t know...who you were...the strike.
text: She nods emphatically and smiles. Rita frowns.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I...don’t understand. I-
dialog: (suddenly upset)
dialog: If you’ve come here to tell me to back
dialog: off...I wasn’t jokin’; what’s gone on
dialog: today and I’m warning you-
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Keep going! Please. Please keep going.
text: Rita looks down. Lisa has gripped her wrist. Then Rita
text: looks back into Lisa’s eyes.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know who I am, Rita?
dialog: (Rita is confused)
dialog: Who I actually am? I’m Lisa Burnett. I’m
text: thirty one years old, with a first class
dialog: honours degree from one of the finest
dialog: universities in the world and my husband
dialog: treats me like I’m a fool.
text: Rita blinks and Lisa smiles, fondly-
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: When I studied...for my degree...I
dialog: was...very nappy AE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 92A
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: All sorts of reasons...Especially the
dialog: work...I loved to read about all these
dialog: extraordinary people. Making history. I
dialog: always wondered what it felt like...
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Let me know will you...When you’ve
dialog: finished doing it.
dialog: (kisses her on the cheek)
dialog: Don’t let me down.
text: She gets into the car and drives off.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 93
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE - EVENING 137
text: Rita passes into her bedroom. She stares out of the
text: window. And suddenly, she starts to cry. Great sobs which
text: she bites back as she tries to keep quiet. And gradually,
text: as she clenches her fists, she manages to calm herself.
text: She takes a deep, steadying breath. Then she crosses the
text: room and looks at herself in the dressing table mirror.
text: She is a mess. A second and she grabs a hanky, licks it
text: and removes her smudged make up. Another beat. She stares
text: at herself, determined.
scene_heading: EXT. RITA'S HOUSE - DAY 138
text: Eddie’s motorcycle is loaded with camping kit. He pushes
text: himself back from under the side car and stares at Rita
text: incredulously.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You’re goin’? To Weymouth?
text: Then he looks back to his wife. She says nothing.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s...the holiday, it’s...campin’. We go
dialog: campin’-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I can't-—
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Why can’t you-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Because-
dialog: (gritted teeth)
dialog: If I don’t see it through...Then it has
dialog: all been for nothin’...
text: She stares at him. Then she picks up her case and walks
text: off down the street. He watches. His chest heaves. But
text: then, he looks compromised. And he calls out-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Rita!
text: He runs after her.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Rita!l-
text: He catches her up. She turns.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 94
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We gotta sort this out. Now!
dialog: (she makes to speak)
dialog: No...We have and...I know it ain’t been
dialog: good...between us lately-
dialog: (again she tries to speak)
dialog: Which...I ain’t about to make worse, I
dialog: promise, only...We gotta stop the rot or-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (weary)
dialog: Eddie-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Listen to me!
text: His impassioned expression slows her. He focuses.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look. If I ain’t...appreciated what you
dialog: done, properly...how you’ve come on
dialog: and...what you’ve achieved, all
dialog: that...then I’m sorry-
text: She doesn’t want this; looks down the road.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I gotta catch a bus-—
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Rita! I am sorry...But you ain’t been
dialog: perfect in all this either, you know...I
dialog: mean, just cause you believe ina
dialog: particular thing with all your heart,
dialog: that don’t mean it actually is the most
dialog: crucial thing in the whole world...
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: This really ain’t the time, Eddie-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yes! It is! Cause it needs sayin’! I know
dialog: you reckon I’m not bothered about the
dialog: important things and I just...drift along
dialog: and I’m more interested in fiddlin’ with
text: motorbikes and makin’ tents out of head
dialog: rest covers but...I do me best. You know?
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: Christ, I’m not out on the beer every
dialog: night or...screwin’ other women, or-
dialog: (a thought)
dialog: I’ve never once raised me hand to you!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 95
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ever. Or the kids. And-
text: (He stops. She is smiling)
dialog: What? Why you lookin’ like that?-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You’re a saint. That’s what you’re
dialog: tellin’ me, Eddie? You’re a bleedin’
dialog: saint! Cause you give us an even break...
dialog: (thunderous )
dialog: That's as it should be...Jesus! What do
dialog: you think this strike’s been all about?
dialog: It ain't about us gettin’ special
dialog: treatment, you know...Kid gloves...It’s
dialog: been about fairness. What’s proper....And
dialog: you stand there now and lecture me about
dialog: countin’ me blessin’s...
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Well, you’re right actually...You don’t
dialog: knock us about, you don’t drink, you
dialog: don't gamble, you do join in with the
dialog: family...
dialog: (through gritted teeth)
dialog: That 's-as-—it-should-be!...Try and
dialog: understand that. Please. What you’re
dialog: talkin’ about now...what I’ve been
dialog: fightin’ for, the last few weeks...Same
dialog: thing...Rights. Not privileges.
text: She marches off and Eddie watches her go. He sways, as if
text: he has taken a punch.
scene_heading: EXT. DAGENHAM TOWN HALL - AFTERNOON 139
text: The last of the girls climbs onto a coach. Rita looks
text: back at the streets of Dagenham and climbs on also-
scene_heading: INT. COACH - AFTERNOON 140
text: The coach is full. Rita’s seat is at the front as usual.
text: The seat next to her, Connie’s, is empty. Rita catches
text: Brenda’s eye and then she sits, alone.
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 141
text: Eddie sits at the kitchen table, thinking. He looks
text: shocked. He blinks, noticing the unpacked camping gear
text: leant against a couple of protest placards. He exhales
text: slowly. But then, Graham enters the room. He sits next to
text: his father. Eddie looks at him. Graham smiles. It’s fine.
text: A long moment and Eddie straightens.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 96
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBOUR’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 142
text: The kids stand with a woman on her doorstep and wave as
text: Eddie zooms off on his motorbike. He doesn’t wave back.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD IN WEYMOUTH - EVENING 143
text: A hotel with a plush facade, displaying a sign: The
dialog: Tadmarton Park Hotel, Weymouth, Dorset Welcomes The
dialog: Confederation of Shipbuilding and Engineering Unions.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL IN WEYMOUTH - EVENING 144
text: The ballroom is crowded with Union delegates as the
text: Chair, up on stage, a northerner, consults his notes.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Very good, gentlemen. And that brings us
dialog: to our main item...The ongoing dispute at
dialog: Ford Motors...Can I call on Monty Taylor,
dialog: Senior Convenor, Ford Dagenham.
text: The chairman squints. And out of the darkness comes
text: Monty. He mounts the stage and moves across to the Chair.
text: He whispers and then crosses to the lectern.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Thank you Mr Chairman...I shall try and
dialog: be brief-
text: He looks to the darkened hall, a glint in his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL IN WEYMOUTH - EVENING 145
text: Eddie jumps off his bike and looks wildly round: Shit!
text: The seafront is a mass of hotels.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL IN WEYMOUTH - EVENING 146
text: Monty is pushing on, scared, but desperate.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: -Of course we must represent all our
dialog: members...But me must also remember we
dialog: live in a democracy. And in a democracy,
dialog: the wishes of the majority must always
dialog: hold sway. Therefore-
speaker_heading: BRENDA (0.S.)
dialog: Monty Taylor! You two faced,
dialog: hypocritical, toe rag!
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 97
text: A kerfuffle by the door. Monty squints into the darkness.
text: The lights come on. The Dagenham contingent are there,
text: Eileen by the switch, banners at the ready.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Now hang on-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: No, you hang on-
text: More rowdiness and shouts of Judas. The whole hall hums.
text: Several delegates stand to see what’s happening. Monty
text: has moved to the front of the stage and calls out for the
dialog: girls to sit down and that he’1ll explain, while they call
text: back at him. Finally Monty returns and shouts into the
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Be quiet!
text: The noise shocks everyone into silence. Monty is
text: embarrassed and moderates his voice.
speaker_heading: MONTY (CONT’D)
dialog: Sorry...Gentlemen...We’1l sort this out
dialog: amongst ourselves later-
speaker_heading: SCOTSMAN
dialog: (shouts; stands)
dialog: Hey, Monty! I’ve seen more of their mugs
dialog: on the front pages these last few weeks
dialog: than you’ve managed in twenty years!
dialog: (laughter from crowd)
dialog: I wouldnae mind hearin’ from ‘em.
text: Shouts of support. Monty looks terrified.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: No-
text: More shouts of support. Monty shakes his head.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAFRONT —- EVENING 147
text: Eddie walks down the seafront and stops. Parked up ahead
text: is a coach...From Dagenham. He runs past it and into the
text: Hotel outside which it is parked.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL IN WEYMOUTH - EVENING 148
text: More shouts. Monty looks trapped. Then the sound of slow
text: stamping and clapping. Louder and louder. Then Brenda,
text: Eileen and the others step aside. Rita is there. She
text: walks towards the platform. And Monty looks sunk.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 98
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL IN WEYMOUTH - EVENING 149
text: Eddie looks for a sign and runs towards the doors which
text: lead into the hall.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL IN WEYMOUTH - EVENING 150
text: Eddie bursts into the hall and stops right at the back.
text: Rita is at the lectern, a light on her. All around is
text: still. She makes to speak then stops, gathering herself;
text: all of the emotion of the last few days sweeping over
text: her. She stares at the people in the hall, their faces
text: turned to her. Waiting...
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: My best friend lost her husband recently.
dialog: Durin’ the war he was a gunner in Fifty
text: Squadron in the RAF. He got shot down one
dialog: time...on a raid to Essen and even though
dialog: he managed to bail out, he was badly
dialog: injured. I asked him once, why he’d
dialog: joined the raf and he said...they got the
dialog: best women...
text: (Laughter in the hall. She
dialog: nods, upset)
dialog: Which they did...
text: Eddie stares at Rita
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: But then he said, you had to do
dialog: somethin’. And he’d always wanted to go
text: up in a plane...
text: Her jaw tightens; she feels the cause start to flood
text: through her veins.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: You had to do somethin’...That was a
dialog: given. Cause it was a matter of
dialog: principle. You had to stand up; do what
dialog: was right, ‘cause otherwise you wouldn’t
dialog: be able to look yourself in the mirror.
dialog: (stares at hall)
dialog: When did that change? When did we, in
dialog: this country, start bein’ happy, to do
dialog: nothin’? On what day did we decide we had
dialog: no duty to fairness no more?
text: (The hall is silent. She nods
dialog: slightly)
dialog: It has NOT changed.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 151
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 99
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: That is NOT us...It is not you...And we
dialog: are only in this situation now, where
dialog: women get paid less money than men for
dialog: doing the same work...
dialog: (lets it sink in. Nods)
dialog: -because we was tricked. Those in power
dialog: kept tellin’ us: it’s fine. You don’t
dialog: need to do the right thing cause there’s
dialog: nothin’ needs fixin’. And they said it
dialog: for so long, we ended up believin’ it was
dialog: right....Well it ain’t right!
text: Calls of support. Heads nod in agreement.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: It was wrong at the start, it’s wrong
dialog: now, and it’ll be wrong forever!-
dialog: (shouts of agreement)
dialog: -unless you back us, you stand up, you
dialog: remember who you are and you accept, that
dialog: this is a matter of principle. Women are
dialog: entitled to the same rates of pay as men.
dialog: And that is it. No matter the cost, no
dialog: Matter the difficulty, no matter them
dialog: that are gonna lose out, no human being
dialog: should be punished in the workplace
dialog: cause’ve how they was born!
dialog: (Cheers. Rita calls above
dialog: them-)
dialog: We are the working classes. The men and
dialog: the women. We are the furnace which fires
dialog: the world and without us no-body earns
dialog: tuppence h’appenny!
dialog: (big cheer)
dialog: We are not separated by sex, only by the
dialog: will of those who are not prepared to go
dialog: into battle for what is right - and those
dialog: who are!
text: The hall erupts. And leaps to its feet. Eddie sways.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL IN WEYMOUTH - EVENING 151
text: Delegates pour out, talking excitedly about what they
text: have just witnessed. We briefly see Eddie again,
text: swallowed up by the crowd, being pushed backwards. And
text: then we see our girls, emerging thrilled and elated. We
text: hear odd snatches of conversation above a huge wall of
dialog: chatter-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 100
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (to another woman)
dialog: I’m tellin’ you! You can see ‘em! Scorch
text: marks right up the curtains where Monty’s
dialog: arse caught fire-
text: The woman laughs. Rita smiles. Her chest still heaves.
text: Eileen grabs her wrist.
speaker_heading: EILEEN
dialog: Come on, let’s have a drink-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: We got no money-
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: We’re all signin’ it to Monty’s room-
text: The girls laugh. The scots delegate pats Rita on the
text: back. Some speech. Rita nods, but she is exhausted.
text: Brenda smiles at her.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hey! Come on...You’re allowed to unwind a
dialog: bit, you know
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Yeah. ‘Cept we ain’t there yet, Brenda-
text: She stops. She is looking over Brenda’s shoulder, to the
text: other side of revolving doors, where she can see, on the
text: spot where he has been spat out, Eddie. He stares in at
text: Rita. Then, suddenly, he turns and hurries off-
scene_heading: 152 EXT. BEACH - NIGHT 152
text: Rita runs after the retreating Eddie. She calls out to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Eddie...Eddie!
dialog: (he finally stops; turns)
dialog: What you doin’ here?
text: He looks at her; slightly confused. Then...
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 153
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 101
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I...come to say sorry. I mean...I
dialog: thought...about what you said and-
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: You’re right, I suppose...You are right.
dialog: (nods )
dialog: And it is amazin’ what you done...Rita
dialog: O'Grady. And I wanna back you...I was
dialog: gonna tell you that. Only then I come in
dialog: when you was speakin’ and I heard you
dialog: and...you was...huge...you was...like a
dialog: force-
text: He can’t express it. Then he looks at her fondly and
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And then I thought...
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Not sure me backin’ you makes that much
dialog: difference to be quiet honest. Where you
dialog: are now...
dialog: (serious; positive)
dialog: Anyway. You get back to your meeting or
dialog: whatever you gotta do. I should...
text: He nods, vaguely over his shoulder and sets off, walking-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Eddie!
text: He turns again. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: You’ve said some stupid things in your
dialog: time but...
text: She runs to him, embraces him and kisses him hard on the
text: mouth. She steps back. He looks stunned.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course you backin’ me makes a
dialog: difference. It makes all the difference
dialog: in the world.
text: She kisses him again.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 153
text: Mrs Castle is holding back the slightest of smiles. She
text: is looking at a sheet of paper on her desk while the
text: undersecretaries wait in a line.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: “The bloody unions are back in line”-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 101A
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: It’s verbatim.
scene_heading: UNDERSECRETARY TWO
dialog: Our man was there.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Well, well, well-
dialog: (looks to them)
dialog: So the strike remains solid. And
dialog: meanwhile, five thousand men have now
dialog: been laid off and the country has lost
dialog: export orders worth 8 million pounds...
dialog: (checks notes)
dialog: 8 million.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 102
text: She looks back to the undersecretaries.
scene_heading: UNDERSECRETARY TWO
dialog: It really does seem time to call in Sir
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Good...I‘’1l1 do that then. I’1l appoint a
dialog: Court of Inquiry, which he can oversee.
dialog: And let’s hope that does the job.
text: She smiles. The men glance at each other and stand.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, yes. And one other thing...Set up a
dialog: meeting will you.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: Minister?
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
text: With the machinists. Their leaders.
text: The men glance at each other.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: I want to meet them. At my St James's
text: Square Offices...At the earliest
dialog: opportunity.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: But—
text: Mrs Castle looks at them quizzically. Yes?
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY (CONT'D)
dialog: The Minister doesn’t. Do that. Never has
dialog: done.
scene_heading: UNDERSECRETARY TWO
dialog: It'll just encourage them.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: Give credence to their cause.
text: She looks at them. Long beat. She inhales. Then:
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: I’m what’s known as a fiery red head...I
dialog: hate to make this a matter of
dialog: appearance...go all womanly on you
dialog: but...there you have it. And me standing
dialog: up like this-
dialog: (gets to her feet)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 154
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 103
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is in fact, just that red headed
text: fieriness, leaping to the fore...
dialog: (voice rises furiously)
dialog: Credence! I will give credence to their
dialog: cause? My God. Their cause already has
dialog: credence. It’s equal pay. Equal pay is
dialog: common justice. And if you weren’t such a
text: bunch of egotistical, chauvinistic,
dialog: bigoted dunderheads, you’d realise it-
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: I-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
text: This is an office run by incompetents.
dialog: And I am sick and tired of being
dialog: patronised, spoken down to and generally
dialog: indulged as if I was the May Queen!
text: (one of the men holds up a
text: tremulous finger, as if to
dialog: make a point-)
dialog: Set up the meeting!
text: The men scatter.
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS OFFICE - DAY 154
dialog: Tooley glares-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Whaddya mean, The Secretary of State is
dialog: gonna see the women? On whose say so?
text: Hopkins faces Tooley; scared.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: On her own, I gather...Apparently, Mrs
dialog: Castle’s quite a forceful woman-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Is she!
text: He marches across the office and picks up his phone.
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: What’re you doing-?
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: I represent Ford Motors. We are the
dialog: biggest car manufacturer in the world. We
dialog: pump millions of pounds into the UK
dialog: economy...
dialog: he dial
speaker_heading: (he *tWORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
speaker_heading: 154A
dialog: 155
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 104
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I think it’s time my bosses started
dialog: reminding one or two people of that fact.
scene_heading: EXT. RITA'S HOUSE - DAY 154A
text: Eddie’s motorcycle pulls up outside Rita’s house. Albert
text: waits by the door. Rita looks concerned and quickly jumps
text: out of the side car, hurrying over to him. For once he
text: doesn’t look entirely in control of his emotions-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: There’s no need to panic, Rita. Only I’ve
dialog: had a call...From Mrs Castle’s office-
text: Eddie is clambering off the bike but turns suddenly as he
text: hears a sharp scream of excitement. He looks down the
text: drive to Rita who is turned to him, an expression of
dialog: sheer delight on her face-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Bloody ‘ell!
text: She grins, thrilled!
scene_heading: INT. RITA’S HOUSE - DAY 155
text: Now Rita looks concerned as she roots through her
text: wardrobe. She pulls out a dress and turns, holding it up.
text: Albert sits on a chair beside Eddie, Eddie still in his
text: bike gear, sitting on the bed, both gazing across at the
text: impromptu fashion show like rabbits caught in a full
text: headlight glare.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Too short.
text: She nods in agreement. Then she looks back and selects
text: another outfit. This she holds up.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Too formal.
text: She nods and she grabs another. She holds this up. But
text: this time she doesn’t say anything. She looks to the
text: lads. Albert jumps at the opportunity-
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Lovely...that is...
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: Innit? That’s-
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: They both nod. Her face falls
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 156
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 104A
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You hate it...
text: She looks back to the wardrobe. The lads glance at each
text: other appalled.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: I ain’t got anythin’ that’s right-
text: And then Rita stops; has an idea...
scene_heading: INT. HOPKINS HOUSE - DAY 156
text: Hopkins is back at home. He stares sickly at the front
text: page of the Telegraph which records the ongoing horror of
text: Ford's plummeting sales figures. Then the door bell
text: rings. Hopkins waits for Lisa to answer. But it rings
text: again. He sighs and stands, crossing to the door. He
text: opens it. Rita. He is stunned.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: S’'alright. I ain’t come to see you. It’s
dialog: your missus I wanna talk to.
text: Lisa steps forward from behind Hopkins.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Rita...What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: Rita?!
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I need a favour.
text: Hopkins is agog. Lisa nods.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Come inside-
speaker_heading: HOPKINS
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Lisa-
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What!?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 157
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 105
text: Her look is hard; combative. He has not seen it before.
text: She holds his gaze, furiously and he steps meekly to one
text: side. Rita enters the house.
scene_heading: INT. THE PRIME MINISTER'S CAR - DAY 157
text: Harold Wilson puffs on his pipe as his official motor
text: sets off around St James’s Square. Mrs Castle settles
text: next to him, having just got in. Wilson looks tense and
text: when Mrs Castle raises an enquiring eyebrow, he gets
dialog: straight to it-
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: Have you or have you not invited the Ford
dialog: women to your offices?
text: Mrs Castle hesitates, momentarily. Then:
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Prime minister-
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: I have just spent the last half an hour
text: on the phone to Henry Ford the Second,
dialog: reassuring him that my government is not
text: on the side of the strikers-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: It’s not a question of sides. We have to
dialog: grasp the nettle-
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: By aligning ourselves with the
dialog: machinists?
dialog: (she makes to deny this)
dialog: I wanted you to fix this! Not to make it
dialog: worse-!
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: And I will fix it! If you’d just...
dialog: (can’t help it)
dialog: Bloody well support me!
text: This shocks them both. But Wilson can see her passion. He
dialog: nods. Go on.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can resolve this dispute. I can get the
dialog: women working again... but I am going to
dialog: have to tell them that I agree with their
dialog: cause.
text: He understands instantly-
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: No. Barbara, please-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 105aA
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: You know their right.
text: He sighs; his shoulders slump.
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: Now is not the time-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Harold, we talked about this in the
dialog: nineteen fifties, You were adamant-—
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON
dialog: I wasn’t running the country then!
text: She looks away. Disappointed in him. He sighs. Long beat.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 105A
speaker_heading: HAROLD WILSON (CONT’D)
dialog: See the women. If that’s what you want to
dialog: do.
dialog: (she starts to speak;
dialog: grateful)
dialog: But! Whatever you do, do not upset Ford!
dialog: I’m enough trouble with the Americans as
dialog: it is.
text: She nods, knowing that she is on a tightrope.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 106
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - DAY 158
text: Rita strides through Dagenham. Pull back. She wears
text: Lisa’s Biba dress. Ahead, the other girls wait for her.
scene_heading: EXT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 159
text: The rather splendid exterior of Mrs Castle’s offices.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 160
text: The undersecretaries are struggling with a sofa. They put
text: it down, then straighten. They are sweating.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: There. Perfect...Actually...Maybe it was
dialog: better where we had it before-
dialog: (The men exchange glances)
dialog: Oh...dizzy me.
text: The men stagger back with the sofa and she turns away. Up
text: close we see she is nervous. She looks back-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just the armchairs, then...
dialog: (she disappears from view)
dialog: And I want plenty of sherry.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 107
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 108
scene_heading: EXT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 163
text: The girls walk towards St James’s Square, followed by the
text: press. A second crowd of photographers and a camera crew,
text: already in-situ, rush forwards to envelop them. Behind,
dialog: the press who have dogged them all day, also shove
text: forwards and a scrum ensues. Before long, one or two of
text: the girls look overwhelmed and panicky.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: If you could just...can we get through
dialog: please-
dialog: (she, too, is struggling)
dialog: You’re blockin’ the way. You-
speaker_heading: CONNIE (0.S.)
dialog: Make some room, for God’s sake-
text: Rita stops. Looks across. Connie is coming towards her,
text: shoving reporters aside.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Connie-
text: The door opens and an undersecretary steps out.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: Ladies. Good morning...Could you keep
dialog: back please, gentlemen-
text: He and a couple more of the staff shove the press back.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I...?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m sorry I’m late.
text: The two women stare, Rita’s eyes fill. They embrace.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 109
scene_heading: 163 Cont.EXT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 163 Cont.
speaker_heading: REPORTER TWO (0.S.)
dialog: Rita! Rita! Can we have a final comment-
speaker_heading: REPORTER THREE (0.S.)
dialog: Rita-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I-
text: All of the girls are through the cordon and the reporters
text: are pushed back. But still they look formidable-
speaker_heading: REPORTER TWO
dialog: Rita! Is equal pay really a possibility?
speaker_heading: REPORTER THREE
dialog: What if Mrs Castle says no deal?
speaker_heading: REPORTER TWO
dialog: How will you cope?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Cope? How will we cope?
text: She is aware of Connie beside her. Eileen, Sandra and
text: Brenda, too. Rita looks back to the reporter.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 164
speaker_heading: 164A
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 110
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re women. Now don’t ask such stupid
dialog: questions.
text: Rita turns to Connie and leads the girls back inside.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 164
text: Mrs Castle checks the room; with sofas and armchairs
text: arranged in a circle it now looks like a living room
text: rather than a meeting place. She takes a deep breath and
text: crosses to a large armoire at the back of the room. She
text: opens it and selects a jacket from her closet. She plumps
text: for something rather old. She looks at herself in the
text: door mirror. Very sober. Then she checks shoes. The pair
dialog: we've seen on several occasions are discarded and a
text: plainer pair popped on. There is knock on the door. An
dialog: under secretary comes in
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY #2
dialog: Minister, there’s a slight problem.
text: Mrs Castle turns to the secretary.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 164A
text: Mrs Castle walks into a smaller room. A man stands with
text: his back to us. He turns, it’s Tooley.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Mrs Castle.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Mr Tooley - I wasn’t expecting you.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: But you are meeting the women?
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: I think it’s time I listened to their
dialog: argument. If you’d care to wait I'll
dialog: inform you of any decisions we make.
text: She turns. Tooley watches her; his jaw suddenly tightens-—
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: You know, we basically want the same
dialog: thing, Mrs Castle...you and I-
text: She stops and turns
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
speaker_heading: 164B
speaker_heading: 164C
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 110A
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: We want to see Ford Motors employing
dialog: British workers.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Ford is a vital part of our economy, I’m
dialog: well aware of that-
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Then don’t make us go elsewhere to build
dialog: our cars...
text: It wobbles her. He smiles.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: If you don’t help us hold the line here
dialog: and support us in our efforts to combat
dialog: the constant strikes which undermine our
dialog: ability to make cars at a profit...we
dialog: will take our factories elsewhere.
speaker_heading: MRS CASTLE
dialog: Are you threatening me, Mr Tooley?
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: I’m just trying to stop 40,000 people
dialog: from losing their jobs, Mrs Castle.
dialog: That's how many people we employ in this
dialog: country...Neither of us wanna take that
dialog: risk...surely?
text: She holds his gaze. Then she turns away.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 164B
text: Mrs Castle closes the door behind her and takes a deep
dialog: breath.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 164C
text: Brenda and Sandra look out of a window, pointing out the
text: sights. But they’re nervous. As is Connie who glances to
text: the door. But Rita, who is beside her, sitting on a sofa,
text: can concentrate only on her friend. Finally-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Connie-
text: Connie turns. Rita speaks with a hushed voice. She
text: smiles. Then fudges it-
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks for comin’.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 165
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 110B
text: Connie smiles. And Rita immediately leans closer in-
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so sorry-—
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No! Don’t. It’s me that needs to
dialog: apologise-
dialog: (Rita frowns)
dialog: I loved George. More than anything. But
dialog: he’s gone now. And it’s the right thing.
dialog: I thought that straightaway. And I felt
dialog: guilty...and I took it out on you but...
dialog: (nods head)
dialog: He ain’t sufferin’ and...he is better out
dialog: of it. I know that...Deep down. And you
dialog: gotta trust them feelin’s. Ain’t you?
dialog: Gotta follow your gut...You taught us
dialog: that.
text: Rita is amazed but before she can react, the door is
text: opened and an undersecretary is there.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: The Minister will see you now-
text: The women all look at each other.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 165
text: They walk into the main office where Mrs Castle is
text: waiting in front of the grand fireplace.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Mrs Castle?
text: She turns and smiles
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: I am...And you’re Mrs O’Grady. I
dialog: recognise you from the news.
text: She crosses and they shake.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I’m pleased to meet you.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: And me, you.
text: Mrs Castle looks to the others.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
speaker_heading: 165A
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 110C
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Sorry. This is Connie, Brenda and Sandra.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: I’m delighted you could all come
text: They all nod. Mrs Castle’s brain is racing.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please take a seat. Would you care for a
dialog: sherry?
text: Mrs Castle, nods to a strategically placed
dialog: undersecretary.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You ain’t got whiskey, have you?
text: The girls look to Brenda thunderously.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 165A
text: Tooley is waiting still. He is brought a second cup of
text: tea. He looks irritated.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY #2
dialog: Sugar?
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: No.
text: The undersecretary takes the empty and leaves the full
text: cup. Tooley looks to the door. All alpha male
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 111
speaker_heading: OMITTED 166
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - AFTERNOON 167
text: Mrs Castle places her jacket on her chair. She’s
text: delaying. Then she turns to Rita who sits directly
text: opposite, a small table between them.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: I’ve been following your dispute very
dialog: closely. And I want to say how proud I am
dialog: of the battle you’ve fought. I fully
dialog: support the struggle for equal pay.
text: The girls look to each other, flushed with hope.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: And you will have it...But in time.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Industry is going to object. The Lords’11l
dialog: kick up a fuss. The press’ll have a field
dialog: day...It isn’t going to be easy-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What is, that’s worth havin’?
text: Mrs Castle makes to retort then stops and considers the
dialog: girls. This is difficult. But she drives on-
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Return to work, get back to your machines
dialog: and then you have my word that I will
dialog: push forward with your fight-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: No!
text: The girls were all thinking it but Rita’s vehemence still
dialog: surprises.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Mrs O’Grady-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: That ain’t good enough-
dialog: (Barbara makes to speak)
dialog: We want somethin’ now! Somethin’ solid-
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 111A
speaker_heading: MRS CASTLE
dialog: But-—
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You got the authority, you-
dialog: (upset)
dialog: We thought...seein’ you, we’d-
speaker_heading: MRS CASTLE
dialog: In politics you sometimes have to play
dialog: the long game-
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: We ain’t politicians! We’re workin’
dialog: women. And so are you!
text: Mrs Castle blinks. Rita too. A beat. Then Mrs Castle
text: straightens.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Very well. What would it take...? To get
dialog: you back.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: The something solid...And mark well, I
dialog: say some thing, not everything.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: We'd need...guarantee of an Equal Pay Act
dialog: and...an immediate and...considerable
text: movement towards the male rate at Ford.
text: Mrs Castle considers them. Her eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Seventy five per cent?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Ninety.
text: Mrs Castle’s eyes widen.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: You’re putting me in a very difficult
dialog: position...
scene_heading: 167A INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES ANTE ROOM - DAB7A
text: Mrs Castle closes the door behind her. Her brain races.
text: She turns to an undersecretary in the room.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Get me the Prime Minister.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
speaker_heading: 167B
speaker_heading: 167C
speaker_heading: 167D
speaker_heading: 167E
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 111AA
text: He picks up the phone. Mrs Castle's jaw tightens.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 167B
text: Tooley waits, fidgeting. An undersecretary sticks his
text: head round the door with a teapot and an enquiring
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: TOOLEY
dialog: Whadd’ya think?
text: The undersecretary ducks away.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 167C
text: The women sit on the edges of their seats and wait. Rita
text: feels self conscious.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I wasn't too...aggressive?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Naah.
dialog: (looks to Sandra)
dialog: They have got rid of hangin’ ain't they?
text: Connie simply squeezes Rita’s hand.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES, ANTE ROOM - 167D
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The undersecretary puts down the phone.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: He’s on a plane. Won’t land until this
dialog: evening.
text: Mrs Castle says nothing. Just exhales, slowly. Then she
text: looks to the opposite ends of the room. Two doors. Two
text: choices. She takes a deep breath.
scene_heading: INT. MRS CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 167E
text: Mrs Castle strides into Tooley’s room. Tooley immediately
text: makes to speak- but Mrs Castle gets there first.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: That risk; you were talking about, Mr
dialog: Tooley. I’m going to have to take it.
dialog: (he frowns)
dialog: All women are entitled to equal pay and I
dialog: intend to begin the process of enshrining
dialog: that fact in law. Whatever the cost.
dialog: (Tooley is ashen)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 111AB
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: So, the question is...do you want to wait
dialog: until it is Law before you get your
dialog: machinists back to work, or do you want
dialog: to make a gesture now and see production
dialog: resume immediately?
text: Tooley stares at Mrs Castle. Endgame. Who will back down?
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 112
speaker_heading: 168 OMITTED 168
speaker_heading: 169 OMITTED 169
speaker_heading: 169A OMITTED 169A
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
speaker_heading: 169B
speaker_heading: 169C
speaker_heading: 169D
speaker_heading: 169E
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 112A
speaker_heading: OMITTED 169B
speaker_heading: OMITTED 169C
scene_heading: EXT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 169D
text: Eileen, Monica and the other women wait patiently with
text: their banners. Albert appears and dispenses beers.
scene_heading: INT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 169E
text: The women stare at empty glasses. Brenda takes a pull on
dialog: her whiskey.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I’m gonna miss all this.
text: The girls smile but they’re so nervous. And then the door
text: opens. All heads turn and Mrs Castle walks slowly into
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: We have a deal.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: 90%?
text: Suddenly, Barbara looks uneasy. She shakes her head. The
text: girls look worried.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: 92...
text: Rita is stunned. She sees Mrs Castle’s twinkling smile.
text: And she, along with the girls, smiles.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Thank you!
text: Mrs Castle grabs a glass and toasts with Rita. Brenda
text: smiles and looks to Connie who is grinning, too.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 112B
speaker_heading: 169E 169E
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 113
scene_heading: EXT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - AFTERNOON 170
text: The women look tired as well as happy as they walk into
text: the sunlight. Mrs Castle stops as they are greeted by
text: camera flashes, and turns to Rita.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: That's Biba... I saw it in a magazine-
text: Rita nods to Mrs Castle’s outfit.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: And that’s C and A. I’ve got one at
dialog: home... Seems we all dressed up... And
dialog: you dressed down... Who did that put at
dialog: an advantage do you think?
text: Mrs Castle laughs.
speaker_heading: RITA (CONT'D)
dialog: After you.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Oh, no, young lady. After you.
text: Mrs Castle indicates that Rita should step forward first.
text: And Rita moves towards the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. BARBARA CASTLE'S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - AFTERNOON 171
text: Black and white TV footage. Mrs Castle stands with the
text: girls. She clears her throat.
speaker_heading: BARBARA CASTLE
dialog: Thank you...Thank you very much...I’m
dialog: delighted to say that following our talks
dialog: this afternoon, getting down to the nitty
dialog: gritty, the 187 Ford machinists will be
text: going back to work on the lst of July.
dialog: They will get an immediate pay rise of 7d
dialog: an hour which will put them at 92% of the
dialog: male rate. However, this is not an end to
dialog: it. As a result of our discussion, I can
dialog: announce that the government is fully
dialog: committed to the creation of an Equal Pay
dialog: Act and by the Autumn of this year, I
dialog: guarantee appropriate legislation will be
dialog: put into place to ensure that that act
text: becomes law.
text: She steps back. Cameras flash and reporters call out.
text: Rita breathes deeply, absorbing the scene.
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 172
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS 114
text: She places her arms around Connie and with Sandra and
text: Eileen and Brenda, they form up as a group. They all
text: beam. SNAP. And the picture freezes.
text: THE STRIKE BY THE DAGENHAM SEWING MACHINISTS AND THE
scene_heading: SUBSEQUENT SETTLEMENT NEGOTIATED THAT AFTERNOON WITH MRS
text: BARBARA CASTLE DID INDEED LEAD TO THE INTRODUCTION OF AN
text: EQUAL PAY ACT. IT BECAME LAW IN 1970.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FACTORY - DAY 172
text: The deserted factory. But then a bike comes over the
text: hill. A single bike. A woman is on it. Then comes another
text: and another. The women are leading the workforce back and
text: soon the whole road is awash with bikes and people, all
text: buffeted together, a vast sea of humanity, sweeping down
text: the road, back to their jobs.
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: 10.08.09 ORANGE REVISIONS
dialog: 
