scene_heading: "MAJOR LEAGUE"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: David S. Ward
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
scene_heading: FADE IN: TITLES APPEAR ON BLACK B.G.
text: TITLES END and we WIDEN to reveal that the black b.g. is
text: actually the sludge-clogged surface of the Cuyahoga River.
text: We TILT UP from the river to reveal the city of Cleveland,
text: then follow with a series of shots of Cleveland landmarks.
scene_heading: INT. THE INJUN DINER - DAY
text: Three men in Cleveland Indian baseball caps sit at the
text: counter. BOBBY JAMES, 22-year-old grad student, VIC BOLITO,
text: 30-year-old telephone worker, and JOHNNY WYNN, 45-year-old
text: house painter. THELMA GORDON, 65-year-old waitress, delivers
dialog: their breakfast.
speaker_heading: THELMA
text: Spring training starts the twelfth.
dialog: How do you think the Indians will do
dialog: this year?
speaker_heading: VIC
dialog: They don't look too good.
text: The other two shake their heads in contemplation of this
dialog: sorry fact.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S CLUB - DAY
text: A 45-year-old BUSINESS EXECUTIVE is talking to a fellow club
text: member over lunch.
scene_heading: BUSINESS EXECUTIVE
dialog: They don't look particularly good,
dialog: do they?
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND DOCKS - DAY
text: Two LONGSHOREMEN are talking while they unload a freighter.
speaker_heading: LONGSHOREMEN
dialog: I'll tell ya. They don't look very
dialog: fuckin' good.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND MUNICIPAL STADIUM - DAY
text: Down on the field, two KOREAN GROUNDSKEEPERS speak Korean as
text: they resod the outfield.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: (in subtitles)
dialog: They're shitty.
text: We TILT UP from the field to a glass-enclosed area on the
dialog: third deck.
scene_heading: INT. GLASS-ENCLOSED AREA - DAY
text: It's the Cleveland Indians' conference room. Three men are
text: seated around the table; CHARLIE DONOVAN. the manager, PHIL
text: BUTLER, public relations head, JERRY SIMMONS, operations
text: director and LYLE MATTHEWS director of player personnel
text: Donovan taps his pencil impatiently, obviously waiting for
dialog: somebody.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: (checking his watch)
dialog: Thirty minutes late. Think she'll
dialog: show?
speaker_heading: MATTHEWS
dialog: She's got to. She's the damn owner
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: She didn't last week. She was having
text: a guava facial.
text: As Butler tries to figure out what a guava facial is, the
text: conference room doors swing open and a muscular MALE SECRETARY-
text: BODYGUARD enters, clearing the way for MRS. RACHEL PHELPS, a
text: flashy, striking woman in her early forties. Despite the
text: designer clothes she favors, there is the hint of something
text: less refined about her. She carries a Pekinese dog, CHA-CHA
text: on her left hip.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Good morning, gentlemen. Welcome to
text: another season of Indians' baseball.
text: The men applaud, but their hearts are barely in it. The
text: Secretary-Bodyguard pulls out a chair at the head of the
text: table and Rachel sits.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I know that it may not seem the same
dialog: without Donald here this year, but I
dialog: promise you by the end of the season
dialog: this team will have made history.
text: Several eyes roll up around the room.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (picking up a newspaper)
dialog: Unfortunately there are some in the
dialog: press who feel that...
dialog: (reading from the
dialog: page)
dialog: "the ex-showgirl wife of Donald Phelps
dialog: has no business being the owner of a
dialog: major league baseball team."
text: Rachel crumbles the paper and throws it away.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Obviously, Donald didn't feel that
dialog: way or he wouldn't have left the
dialog: team to me. And I was more than
dialog: showgirl. I was a dancer. Now, I
dialog: know some of you have doubts about
dialog: my ability to run this franchise.
dialog: God help you if I ever find out about
dialog: it.
text: This causes a few nervous glances in the room.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
text: Spring training begins in two weeks.
dialog: (throwing a sheet of
dialog: paper on the table)
dialog: Here's the list of people we'll be
dialog: inviting to camp this year.
text: Donovan, Butler and Simmons pour over the list.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I could sit here and tell you what a
dialog: great year we're gonna have, but the
dialog: facts are we lost the two best players
dialog: we had to free agency. We haven't
dialog: won a pennant in 30 years. We haven't
dialog: even finished in the first division
dialog: for 15. Obviously it's time to make
dialog: some changes. What do ya think?
speaker_heading: SIMMONS
dialog: I never heard of half these guys.
dialog: And the ones I do know are way past
dialog: their prime.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Most of these guys never had a prime.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: (pointing to the sheet)
dialog: This guy here is dead.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Cross him off then.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Let's not be hasty.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It's time to shake things up, Charlie.
text: Clear the board and start over.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Well, it's not the best material
dialog: I've ever had to work with, but I'll
dialog: do my best to see we move up a notch
dialog: this year.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I know you will, Charlie. That's why
dialog: I'm movin' you up to General Manager.
dialog: Congratulations.
text: Rachel sticks out her hand. Donovan shakes it somewhat feebly,
dialog: bewildered by this whole development.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well, that should do it for today.
dialog: Thank you, gentlemen. Let's get to
dialog: work.
text: With that, Rachel gets up and breezes out of the room with
text: her entourage, leaving Donovan and the others dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: MATTHEWS
dialog: (checking his watch)
text: One minute, 58 seconds.
scene_heading: INT. DONOVAN'S NEW OFFICE - DAY
text: Donovan, carrying a boxful of belongings under each arm,
text: pushes open the door of his new office and walks inside. The
text: basic outfitting is masculine enough, but the room is full
text: of feminine little accents; flowers in vases, porcelain desk
text: accessories etc. Donovan is slightly overwhelmed. Suddenly,
text: there's a voice at the door.
scene_heading: BODY-BUILDER ASSISTANT
dialog: Mr. Donovan, Mrs. Phelps would like
dialog: to see you.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. RACHEL'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Donovan is ushered in by Rachel's Male Secretary. Donovan
text: carries his player roster with him.
scene_heading: INT. RACHEL'S OFFICE - DAY CONT
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Come on in, Charlie. Have a seat.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I'm glad you called me in. I'm still
dialog: unclear on a couple things
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Oh, really? Like what?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Well, if I'm the G.M., who's gonna
dialog: be the Manager?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I was thinking of Lou Brown.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Lou Brown?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: He's managed the Toledo Mud Hens of
dialog: the International League for the
dialog: last 30 years.
text: This is hardly an impressive credential to Donovan.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I think he'll fit right in with our
dialog: team concept.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What exactly is our team concept?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That's what I wanted to talk to you
dialog: about. I want to put together a team
dialog: that will help us relocate to Miami.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: roster)
dialog: Some of these guys are furniture
dialog: movers?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I'm serious about this, Charlie.
dialog: It's no secret I've never liked
dialog: Cleveland much. The weather's lousy,
text: downtown is a pit, the stadium's
dialog: falling apart, and we can't draw
dialog: dick. Another couple of years of
dialog: this and I'm gonna have to start
dialog: feeding Cha-Cha dog food.
text: Rachel bends down to give her dog, Cha-Cha, a little love
text: pat, while Donovan tries to contain his disgust.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Mrs. Phelps, you can't just up and
dialog: move a team on a whim...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It's hardly a whim. Miami's offered
dialog: to build us a new stadium -- 62,000
dialog: capacity, 45 V.I.P. boxes, and no
dialog: rent for the first million at the
dialog: gate. Plus a 12 million dollar media
dialog: guarantee; 45 percent of the
dialog: concession gross, all of the parking
dialog: and they pick up the stadium
dialog: operations costs. No other franchise
dialog: in baseball can match that deal.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Even so, the League'll never let us
dialog: leave Cleveland. We got a lease with
dialog: the city.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: The lease says we have the right to
dialog: move if our attendance falls below
dialog: 800,000 for the year.
dialog: (pushing across a
dialog: copy of the lease)
dialog: Paragraph 40, line 17.
text: Donovan looks at it, the paragraph highlighted in yellow.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: If we play bad enough, we should be
dialog: able to come in under that.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What are you saying? You want us to
dialog: lose?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: No, we've been losing. What I want
dialog: us to do is finish dead last.
text: Donovan is stunned. He casts around helplessly for some
dialog: response.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Mister Phelps would never have
dialog: approved of this.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: He knew it had to be done. He just
dialog: didn't have the courage to do it.
dialog: (with veiled menace)
dialog: Hopefully, you will come to see the
dialog: wisdom of it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If this team lives up to its
dialog: potential, we could have the worst
dialog: record in all baseball.
text: On Donovan's sunken face, we go to:
scene_heading: EXT. SHABBY MEXICAN HOTEL - MORNING
text: On a stretch of deserted Mexican highway. OVER we hear a
text: telephone RING.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - MORNING
text: The room is a total mess. The back door is off its hinges
text: and a few chickens have wandered in. As they peck around the
text: debris, we PAN the room, taking in beer cans, food wrappers
text: and finally a trail of hastily discarded clothes, both male
dialog: and female.
text: We reach the bed and find our hero, JAKE TAYLOR, 35, and
text: with a couple days growth of stubble, passed out on his face.
text: Sprawled across him asleep is a MEXICAN WOMAN in her late
text: twenties. She's not great looking, but at least she's
text: overweight. Taylor's hand fumbles to the RINGING telephone.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh.
text: It's Charlie Donovan calling from his office in Cleveland.
text: We CUT BACK AND FORTH between the two as we will in subsequent
text: phone scenes.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Hello, Jake? This is Charlie Donovan,
text: new G.M. of the Cleveland Indians.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Yeh...
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I wanted to call and say the
dialog: organization remembers you fondly
dialog: from the years you played here and
dialog: we'd love to have you come to spring
dialog: training for a shot at this year's
dialog: club.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Is that you, Tolbert? This isn't
dialog: very funny, ya know. I'm hung over.
dialog: My knees are killin' me. If you were
dialog: gonna pull this shit, you could've
dialog: at least said you were from the
dialog: Yankees.
text: Taylor struggles to get a look up at the girl on top of him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (still to Donovan)
dialog: By the way, you were with me last
dialog: night. Who's this girl on top of me?
text: Donovan is baffled by this whole line of conversation.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Tolbert? Tolbert? Screw it.
text: Taylor hangs up, leaving Donovan staring into his phone.
text: Taylor looks up to see TOLBERT standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Tolbert.
speaker_heading: TOLBERT
dialog: Who the hell were you talkin' to?
dialog: On Taylor's reaction, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOLEDO TIRE STORE - DAY
text: We PICK UP LOU BROWN, a portly man in his early fifties,
text: making his way to his glass-partitioned office.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: Lines three and four are waiting for
dialog: you, Mr. Brown. One guy about the TR-
dialog: 70's.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (picking up the phone)
dialog: Tire World.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Lou? This is Charlie Donovan, the
text: new G.M. of the Cleveland Indians.
dialog: Listen, Lou, I hope you're sittin'
dialog: down 'cause I got an offer you
dialog: probably been dreamin' about your
dialog: whole life. We been watchin' your
dialog: progress down there at Toledo with a
dialog: lotta interest and well...
dialog: (a dramatic pause)
dialog: How would you like to manage the
dialog: Indians this year?
text: For a moment there's silence on the line, then:
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: What do ya mean you don't know? This
dialog: is a chance to manage in the big
dialog: leagues.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Lemme think it over, will ya, Charlie.
dialog: I got a guy on the other line about
dialog: some whitewalls. I'll talk to ya
dialog: later.
text: Brown clicks off. Donovan puts his head down on his desk.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE DONOVAN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Donovan's on the phone to another player.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Rick, we heard about your pitching
dialog: out at Portland last year...
speaker_heading: RICKY VAUGHN
text: Good-looking, muscular, 19-year-old. Sleeveless black T-shirt.
text: Talking on a wall phone in a nondescript room.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I'm, ah, not with them anymore...
text: Vaughn has been working, sweating slightly. He takes off his
text: cap to mop his brow -- revealing a RADICAL HAIRCUT with
text: PIGTAIL. He sports a RING in his left ear.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: We'd still like to take a look at ya
dialog: at our spring camp in Arizona, March
dialog: first.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - VAUGHN
text: In the b.g., Vaughn is on the phone. In the f.g., we see
text: security bars. Vaughn's in a Youth Authority prison.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Yeh, well, I'm not sure I can make
dialog: it by then.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Don't worry, we're gettin' you out
dialog: on a sort of work furlough deal. Any
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Yeh. Where's Cleveland?
scene_heading: INT. DONOVAN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: On the speaker again to Lou Brown. Rachel watches, impatient
dialog: for him to close the deal.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Look, Lou, you been in baseball thirty
dialog: years. Don't you wanna advance some?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (eating a sack lunch)
dialog: I used to coach the unwed mothers'
dialog: softball team. I have advanced some.
text: Rachel rubs her fingers together, making the money sign to
dialog: Donovan.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Well, what are you really worried
dialog: about? The money?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Naw, I'm just not sure I'd be happy
dialog: in a big organization like that.
dialog: Owners are always on your back, tryin'
dialog: to "help you out."
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I don't think that's gonna be a
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Down here baseball's a game, not a
dialog: business. I don't wanta be a
dialog: babysitter for a buncha millionaires
dialog: who think they know it all already.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: We don't have any millionaires.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Well then, bonus babies or whatever
dialog: you got...
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Don't have any bonus babies either.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Don't you have any proven major league
dialog: talent?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Not that I know of.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Well, then... I'll be up in a couple
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Sounds like my kinda team. Have my
dialog: contracts ready.
text: Brown hangs up.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Guess I really put the screws to
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. MEXICAN LEAGUE BALL PARK - DAY
text: This one's a dandy. The left field wall is a 20-foot high,
text: solid granite outcropping. A final out is made and the teams
dialog: change over.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: returning to the dugout at the end of the inning, wondering
dialog: what the hell he's doin' here.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Taylor, telephone for you.
text: Taylor goes to the phone in the clubhouse tunnel.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
text: Jake, Charlie Donovan again.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh yeh, Charlie, look, I'm sorry
dialog: about this morning...
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: No problem. Look, Jake, camp starts
dialog: on the first. Can you make it?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: You been stayin' in shape down there?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh hell, yeh, I work out every day.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I thought so. See ya in Arizona.
text: Donovan hangs up. Taylor shoots a fist in the air, and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: approaching his MANAGER.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Let's go, Taylor. You're up.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Luis, I'm not gonna be playin'
dialog: anymore. I got a tryout in the States.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Fine. Leave your uniform.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: But I changed at the motel.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Leave your uniform.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: coming out of the stadium, his bats and gloves over his
text: shoulder. He has on his spikes and a pair of boxer shorts.
scene_heading: INT. BEAT-UP MEXICAN BUS - DAY
text: Taylor sits in the back seat. He has six Coke bottles filled
text: with sand strapped to his ankles. He lifts his legs up and
text: down to strengthen his muscles.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIANS' TRAINING CAMP PRACTICE FIELD - DAY
text: Donovan, Brown and two of his coaches, PEPPER LEACH (pitching)
text: and DUKE TEMPLE (hitting) are on the field, witnessing the
text: arrival of their "troops." First to arrive is:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: He gets out of a taxi and goes to the trunk to get his bats
dialog: and luggage.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
text: This looks like Jake Taylor.
text: Brown turns around from a conversation with Temple.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: He was an Allstar in Boston, wasn't
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Yeh.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: Wish we had him two years ago.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: We did.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: Four years ago then.
scene_heading: INT. PLAYER'S BARRACKS - DAY
text: Like an Army barracks. Rows of bunk beds seperated by lockers.
text: Taylor walks in with Temple, the hitting instructor.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What happened to the private rooms?
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: We're on an austerity program. This
dialog: is what happens when you finish 24
dialog: games out.
scene_heading: BROWN, PEPPER, TEMPLE AND DONOVAN
text: back at the field, supervising the arrival of more players.
text: The first is a tall, muscular Latin, PEDRO CERRANO, dressed
text: in black from head to toe. He arrives on foot, carrying a
text: black suitcase and pulling a black bat case on wheels. He
text: looks like a gunfighter coming into Dodge.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I think it's Cerrano. Defected from
dialog: Cuba. Wanted religious freedom.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: What's his religion?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Voodoo.
scene_heading: BLACK AND TAN ROLLS-ROYCE
text: pulling into the parking lot. Out steps RODGER DORN, high-
text: priced third baseman. Brown eyes him with vague disapproval.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Thought you didn't have any high-
dialog: priced talent.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: I forgot about Dorn, 'cause he's
dialog: only high-priced. Got him as a free
dialog: agent three years ago.
speaker_heading: BROWN
text: Still hits the ball pretty well,
dialog: doesn't he?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Yeh, he just can't field it.
text: Dorn pulls his golf clubs out of the car.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: We'll shape him up.
speaker_heading: WILLIE HAYES
text: a 22-year-old black, pulling up in a '72 VW Beetle which
text: he's got a Cadillac grille on. He steps out in his shades
text: and sharkskin suit.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Don't recognize this guy.
text: Hayes strolls up and introduces himself.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Say hey, Willie Mays Hayes here. I
dialog: play like Mays and run like Hayes.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Lou Brown. Nice to meet ya, Hayes.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Thanks. Well, I gotta get my stuff...
text: Hayes hustles off toward his car.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: I don't remember a Hayes on the list.
text: A motorcycle pulls to a stop in the lot, diverting everyone's
dialog: attention from Hayes.
text: Off steps Ricky Vaughn, a hefty bag over his shoulder. He's
text: still sporting his radical do.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: Look at this fuckin' guy.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: Maybe he's the mascot.
text: Donovan is speechless. Brown breaks into a small smile. Yes,
dialog: sir, this is his kinda team.
scene_heading: INT. PLAYERS' BARRACKS
text: Taylor is putting his stuff away in a locker. Vaughn enters
text: the barracks and immediately draws the attention of Dorn.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Hey, what do we have here? Guy looks
dialog: like a fuckin' toilet brush. Hey,
dialog: T.B., I love your pony tail. And the
dialog: earring's cute too. Where's the
dialog: matching bracelet?
text: Vaughn whips a hard glance at Dorn, but keeps on walking,
text: making his way along the bunks looking for his assigned bed.
text: It's the one above Taylor. Vaughn unloads his duffel bag in
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (offering his hand)
dialog: Jake Taylor.
text: Vaughn shakes it and nods. Says nothing.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: So, you just gonna settle for toilet
dialog: brush, or you got another name?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Vaughn. Rick Vaughn.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Forget about Dorn. He's always a
dialog: little tough on rookies. You'll get
dialog: a lot worse from other teams.
text: The conversation is interrupted by the arrival of Hayes.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Say hey! How ya doin'? Willie Mays
dialog: Hayes here.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Jake Taylor.
dialog: (pointing to Vaughn)
dialog: Rick Vaughn.
text: Hayes doesn't quite know what to make of Vaughn.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: What the hell league you been playin'
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: California Penal.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Never heard of it. How'd you wind up
dialog: playin' there?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I stole a car.
dialog: On Hayes' look, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: It's dark. Everyone's asleep. Three SECURITY GUARDS with
text: flashlights come down to the top bunk where Hayes is sleeping.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: This guy wasn't invited to camp.
text: They lift the bunk out of its slots and carry it out the
text: door, Hayes still asleep on it.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - MORNING
text: The players are dressing out in their uniforms for the first
text: day of practice. Vaughn goes in his locker and finds that a
text: slit has been cut in the back of his cap to accommodate his
text: pigtail. Suppressed laughs are heard from several corners of
text: the locker room.
scene_heading: INT. CLUBHOUSE - MORNING
text: Brown is addressing his troops before the first workout.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Welcome to Spring Training, gentlemen.
dialog: Most managers tell you at this time
dialog: that all the jobs are open, that
dialog: nobody's a lock at any position, and
dialog: that talent isn't everything. They'd
dialog: rather see desire and discipline in
dialog: a player. Then they tell you that
dialog: most of all they want you to have
dialog: fun out there, even though they're
dialog: gonna work your ass off on
dialog: fundamentals and condition you till
dialog: you drop. The difference between me
dialog: and those other managers is...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I mean it.
text: On a locker room full of uneasy faces, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRACTICE FIELD PARKING LOT - MORNING
text: Hayes' cot is sitting in the lot, just outside the fence,
text: his suitcase set down next to it. Hayes is still asleep, dew
text: on his forehead. Wakened by the noise of activity on the
text: field, he sits up with a start.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Shit, I been cut already?
scene_heading: THE PRACTICE FIELD
text: We pick up Taylor sprinting his ass off in a 100-yard time
text: trial, staggering across the finish line 10 feet behind
dialog: Cerrano.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: (checking stopwatch)
dialog: 11.9 Taylor. Not bad if you'd fallen
dialog: down.
text: As Taylor tries to catch his breath, Dorn and a relief pitcher
text: named Gant approach the starting line for the next trial.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: looking through the chain-link fence surrounding the field.
scene_heading: DORN AND GENTRY AGAIN
text: Temple brings them to their marks and blows his whistle.
text: Dorn and Gentry take off.
text: Suddenly Hayes, in his pajamas and bare feet comes streaking
text: toward the starting line in hot pursuit. Dorn and Gentry a
text: good 10-yard lead, but Hayes is coming like a bullet. We go
text: to SLOW MOTION as Hayes draws even at the 80-yard mark and
text: blasts on by to win by five. This kid is fast. Brown and
text: Pepper give each other the "Who was that Masked Man" look.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Get him a uniform.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PRACTICE FIELD - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: The players are spread out on the field doing calisthenics,
text: counting off in unison.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: struggling through a series of pushups. He glances over in
text: disbelief at Vaughn and Cerrano, who are doing them like
text: pistons in competition with each other. Cerrano even starts
text: doing them one-handed.
text: Hayes isn't doing them at all; merely pulling his head up
text: and down while leaving his body on the ground.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: C'mon, Hayes, let's do 'em right.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Hey, my philosophy is no pain, no
dialog: pain.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BATTING CAGE - DAY
text: Taylor is crouched behind the plate, warming up his arm.
text: Catching pitches and throwing them half-speed down to second.
text: Brown drifts over.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: How the knees holdin' up, Jake?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Great. Never been better.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Mobility's good? No problem gettin'
dialog: off the throw to second?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I need a catcher, Jake. Somebody who
dialog: can keep this team together on the
dialog: field. You were a helluva player
dialog: when you were sound, but around the
dialog: league they think you can't take the
text: pounding anymore.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Around the league they're wrong.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I'm gonna have to put you to the
dialog: test, ya know. So, I want the absolute
dialog: truth here. Are you 100 percent?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh. Would I bullshit about somethin'
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: You better if you wanna make this
dialog: team.
text: Taylor smiles and fires one full-speed down to second. It
text: bounces two feet in front of the bag.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTING CAGE - DAY
text: Brown is watching batting practice.
text: Hayes steps into the cage and begins a preparatory ritual
text: worthy of Babe Ruth -- rubbing dirt on his hands, stretching,
text: knocking dirt off his spikes, twirling the bat, etc. A real
text: slugger's routine.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: C'mon, Hayes, this isn't the All
dialog: Star Game. Get up to the damn plate.
text: Hayes gets in and takes his stance. On the first pitch, he
text: takes a mighty cut and hits a pop-fly to the pitcher's mound.
text: We take QUICK CUTS of the next three pitches. Hayes takes
text: prodigious swings at all of them, producing three more pop-
text: ups, none out of the infield. Brown calls a halt.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Well, you may run like Mays, but you
dialog: hit like shit.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: My stroke'll come back once I get
dialog: warmed up.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: (referring to some
dialog: stats)
dialog: Never did get warmed up last year.
text: Hit .211 at Maine. I looked him up.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I think Mr. Hayes shows some promise.
dialog: His speed could be a big asset.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: (aside)
dialog: For what? Running back to the dugout?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: You gotta stop swingin' for the fences
dialog: though, Hayes. All you're gonna do
dialog: is give yourself a hernia. With your
dialog: speed you should be hittin' the ball
dialog: on the ground, leggin' 'em out. Every
dialog: time I see you hit one in the air,
dialog: you owe me twenty pushups.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Hey, no problem.
text: The next pitch comes in. Hayes swings and pops it up.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Shit.
text: As he gets down to do his twenty, Brown turns to Temple.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Sometimes you can teach a guy to
dialog: hit. You can't teach him to run.
scene_heading: BROWN AND PEPPER
text: coming over to where Vaughn is tossing some casual warm-up
text: pitches to Jake.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: All right, Vaughn, they tell us you're
dialog: a pitcher. Let's see what you got.
text: Brown and Pepper stand behind Taylor for a better view. Vaughn
text: goes into his wind-up and fires a screaming fast ball that
text: Taylor has no chance to get out of his crouch to catch. The
text: ball rockets an inch over Brown's head, and slams into the
text: backstop.
text: Brown stands frozen a second, contemplating his brush with
text: eternity, then turns to Pepper.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Nice velocity.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: Sounded like it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sorry, Lou, I wasn't quite expectin'
dialog: that much octane.
text: Brown turns to the Clubhouse Man who's holding a speed gun.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: CLUBHOUSE MAN
dialog: 96 miles an hour.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (to Pepper)
dialog: Better teach him some control before
text: he kills somebody.
speaker_heading: RODGER DORN
text: fielding grounders at third base. He plays them off to his
text: left side a bit, almost as if he's afraid to get bit by them.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: C'mon, Dorn, get in front of the
dialog: damn ball.
dialog: (making like a
dialog: bullfighter)
dialog: Don't give me this ole' bullshit.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: I took one of these in the eye last
dialog: year. Nearly lost my sight.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I'm deeply moved. Every time you
dialog: play it off your hip, you give me
text: forty sit-ups.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: What! That's Little League shit.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: So is this.
text: Brown strikes an effeminate fielding position, like Betty
text: Grable shying from a mouse. Dorn burns.
speaker_heading: PEDRO CERRANO
text: in the batting cage, knocking the cover off pitch after pitch
text: with his black bat.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Jesus, this guy hits a ton. How come
dialog: nobody else picked up on him?
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: (to the batting
dialog: practice pitcher)
dialog: Okay, Harris, that's enough fast
dialog: balls. Throw some curves.
text: Harris winds and throws a fair-to-middlin' curve ball. Cerrano
text: swings and misses it a foot.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Oh.
text: Dorn approaches Brown at the cage.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Lou, I wanna have a word with you
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: (whipping out his
dialog: contract)
dialog: Those penalty sit-ups you want me to
dialog: do? I got it right here in my contract
dialog: that I don't have to do any
dialog: calisthenics I don't feel are
dialog: necessary. What do ya think of that?
text: Everyone around the batting cage has stopped what they're
text: doing to see how Brown will react. Brown looks at the contract
text: a second, then drops it on the ground, unzips his fly, and
text: gives it a golden shower. On Dorn's stunned face, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DORN
text: doing sit-ups in the infield. Vaughn walks by and smiles.
scene_heading: LONGSHOT - PRACTICE FIELD
text: Practically every member of the team is doing penalty
text: calisthenics somewhere on the field.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: (to Temple)
dialog: We got anybody left playin' baseball
dialog: out there?
scene_heading: INT. THE LOCKER ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Taylor, Hayes and Vaughn drag in, looking beat from the day's
dialog: workout.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Shit, the way I played today, I
dialog: wouldn't be surprised if they red-
dialog: tagged me already.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: What do ya mean?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Red tag in your locker means the
dialog: manager wants to see you, 'cause you
dialog: just died and went to the minors.
text: Vaughn's hand freezes on his locker latch, afraid to open it
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Don't worry, they don't cut anybody
dialog: the first day.
text: Vaughn is still not so sure. He sits down on his locker stool
text: and glances over toward STEVE HARRIS a starting pitcher,
text: whose locker is adjacent. As Harris takes off his jersey we
text: see three SPLOTCHES OF GREASY SUBSTANCES on his chest, just
text: inside the button line.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What is that stuff?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (pointing to them in
dialog: order)
dialog: Crisco, Bardahl, Vagisil. Any one of
dialog: 'em will give you another 2-3 inches
dialog: drop on your curve ball.
text: Vaughn can't believe this.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Course if it's cold and I got a shirt
dialog: on under my jersey, I just rub a
text: little jalapeno inside my nose and
dialog: get it runnin'. I need to load up
dialog: the ball a little, I just wipe my
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (revolted)
dialog: You put snot on the ball?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: At my age, you put anything you can
dialog: find on it. I haven't got an arm
dialog: like yours.
text: Vaughn just looks at him incredulous.
scene_heading: TAYLOR AND CARRANO
text: Taylor is undressing, but his attention is diverted by Cerrano
text: whose stall is right next to him. Cerrano has set up an altar
text: in his locker. In front of his bats, which are lined up like
text: sentinels, is a table covered with pictures of baseball
text: players, figurines of saints, several lit candles and, in
text: the middle, a primitive fetish doll with a cigar in its mouth.
text: Cerrano has drawn some magic signs on his bats. He finishes
text: an incantation and then lights the cigar on the fetish doll.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What are you doin' there, Pedro?
speaker_heading: CERRANO
text: Bats. They are sick.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: So are mine. Is somethin' goin'
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: CERRANO
text: No hit curve ball. Straight ball,
dialog: hit it very much. Curve ball, bats
dialog: are afraid. I ask Jo-Buu to come.
dialog: Take fear from bats.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Jo-Buu?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Maybe he's the pagan saint of
dialog: baseball.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
dialog: I offer him cigars and gin. He will
dialog: come.
text: Cerrano pours some gin in a small cup and puts it next to
text: the fetish doll. Harris has been listening to all this.
text: Cerrano grabs a towel to head for the showers.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I wouldn't leave this gin sittin'
dialog: around out here with this group.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
dialog: (with a certain gravity)
dialog: Is very bad to steal Jo-Buu's gin.
dialog: Is very bad.
text: Cerrano closes his locker and goes off to the showers, leaving
dialog: everyone to wonder just how bad.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE SEQUENCE
text: compressing and detailing the progress of spring training.
dialog: We see:
text: A) Vaughn on the pitcher's mound. A tin replica of a batter
text: has been set up at home plate and rope stretched across the
text: plate to delineate the strike zone. Vaughn fires a pitch and
text: hits the tin batter in the hip, leaving a dent in him.
text: B) Cerrano in the batting cage, flailing away in futility at
text: several curve balls.
speaker_heading: C) HAYES
text: doing push-ups at night. He's the only one left on the field,
text: except Temple, who supervises.
speaker_heading: D) TAYLOR
text: doing the "scramble" drill -- blocking down balls purposely
text: thrown in the dirt, one after another. When it ends, he can
text: hardly get to his feet.
speaker_heading: E) CERRANO
text: waving a ten-foot BOA CONSTRICTOR in the sign of the cross
text: in front of his locker before opening it. No red tag greets
text: him. Hayes watches from a safe distance.
speaker_heading: F) VAUGHN
text: holding a mirror under the vents on his locker door to get a
text: peek inside to see if there's a red tag there.
speaker_heading: G) DORN
text: taking a hard ground ball off the chest. Brown applauds.
text: Dorn is pissed.
speaker_heading: H) VAUGHN
text: throwing at the "ropes" again. The tin batter is dented in
text: every conceivable place now. Vaughn whips in another fast
text: ball. This one hits the tin man in the head, knocking it
text: completely off.
speaker_heading: I) TAYLOR
text: in an exhibition game, attempting to throw out a base stealer.
text: Jake springs out of his crouch and fires down to second --
text: on a bounce. The ball skips into center field.
speaker_heading: J) HAYES
text: also in an exhibition game, swinging at a pitch and popping
text: it up behind the plate. He just drops in his tracks and starts
text: to do push-ups as the catcher makes the catch behind him.
speaker_heading: K) CERRANO
text: flailing away again at a curve ball. This and the remaining
text: shots are all in exhibition games.
speaker_heading: L) HAYES
text: waving a ten-inch garter snake in front of his locker. Even
dialog: at this size we can tell it scares the hell out of him, but
text: it works its magic. No red tag.
speaker_heading: M) VAUGHN
text: with a runner on third, winding up and throwing a pitch four
text: feet over Taylor's head. The run scores.
speaker_heading: N) HAYES
text: attempting to steal second. He goes into a hell-bent-for-
text: leather head first slide. Unfortunately, he comes up two
text: feet short of the base. The second baseman, who's waiting
text: for him with the ball, makes a motion for him to keep coming.
text: Hayes flips him the bird.
speaker_heading: O) LOU BROWN
text: on the bench. He turns to Pepper with a look that says, "Can
dialog: you believe this shit?"
speaker_heading: P) TAYLOR
text: waiting for a throw at the plate. Just as he's about to catch
text: it, the runner knocks him flat.
speaker_heading: Q) BROWN
text: his head in his hands. As Taylor gets up and goes to the
text: wrong dugout, the MONTAGE ENDS.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIANS' PRACTICE FIELD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Players are filing off the team bus after the game. We PICK
text: UP Taylor, Hayes and Vaughn as they head toward the locker
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: This is final cut down day, right?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh, better get your snake ready,
dialog: Hayes.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: No, I'm goin' cold turkey today. My
text: hands are too screwed up to hold it
dialog: anyway.
text: Hayes reveals a pair of red and cut hands.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: If you're gonna use that head first
dialog: slide, you better get yourself some
dialog: gloves or you're not gonna have any
dialog: skin left on your hands.
text: They've reached the locker room now.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I don't wanna go in there.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Whatever happens, keep it to yourself
dialog: until you're outta the locker room.
dialog: Don't celebrate in front of guys who
dialog: just died.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: What if we're one of the deceased?
text: Taylor goes into the locker room. Hayes and Vaughn hang back.
text: Cerrano is already at his locker. He's got two snakes this
text: time and some kind of voodoo head dress on. He sprays a patch
text: of white paint on the locker door from a spray can, draws a
text: symbol door. No tag. He kisses the snake, leaving some white
text: paint on his lips, like a kid who's just had a glass of milk.
text: Taylor, exhausted from the game, lifts his latch and peers
text: inside. He's made it, too. Cerrano offers a hand. Taylor
text: shakes it and breaks a weary smile.
speaker_heading: GENTRY
text: opens locker, slumps on stool. He's a goner.
scene_heading: HAYES AND VAUGHN
text: the two rookies, are still hanging back.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: C'mon, Vaughn, let's show some nuts
dialog: here. If they cut us, we'll just
dialog: sign with the Yankees.
text: Hayes strides manfully to his locker and pulls it open. This
text: doesn't tell him much, however, because he's got his eyes
text: closed. He stands that way a beat ot two, then opens one
dialog: eye.
text: Seeing no tag, he turns and walks double-time out of the
text: locker room, as if he had to get to the john.
text: He comes outside, turns a corner, and starts leaping around
text: like a wild man.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
text: drawing strength from Hayes, walks resolutely to his locker
text: and whips it open. There hanging from the top hook is the
text: "red death." Vaughn stares at it expressionless, then slowly
text: closes his locker.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BROWN'S OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Vaughn goes right in without knocking and leans on Brown's
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I got news for you, Mr. Brown. You
dialog: haven't heard the last of me. You
dialog: think I'm shit now, but someday you'll
dialog: be sorry you cut me. I'm gonna catch
dialog: on somewhere else, and every time I
dialog: pitch against you, I'm gonna stick
dialog: it up your ass.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Good, I like that kinda spirit in a
dialog: player. The only problem is, I didn't
dialog: cut you.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I think somebody's been havin' fun
dialog: with you.
text: We GO TO Vaughn, his faced a mask of anger and embarrassment.
scene_heading: THE LOCKER ROOM AGAIN
text: Vaughn charges across the room and jumps Dorn. The men grapple
text: and fight all over the room, until Taylor finally gets them
dialog: separated.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: (to Vaughn)
dialog: What's the matter, little lady? Can't
dialog: you take a joke?
text: Vaughn gives Dorn a look that indicates this isn't over. Lou
text: Brown enters the room.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Can I have your attention, please? I
dialog: counted up your ballots for team
dialog: captain and I think you chose the
dialog: right guy. If you hadn't, I woulda
dialog: told you he won anyway. Mr. C for
dialog: the year -- Jake Taylor.
text: The team breaks into applause and whistles as Taylor's name
text: is announced. Dorn is the only one who seems unhappy about
text: it. As Taylor accepts the congratulations of his teammates,
text: he turns to Vaughn.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Forget about Dorn. You got other
dialog: things to do.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: Packing for Cleveland.
text: Taylor gives him a wide smile. Vaughn finally allows himself
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLEVELAND SKYLINE - DAY
text: Such as it is. We MOVE DOWN to the same diner we saw during
text: the opening of the film.
scene_heading: INT. INJUN DINER - DAY
text: The same three guys as before are at the counter.
speaker_heading: THELMA
dialog: You see the new lineup the Indians
dialog: got?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I never heard of most of 'em.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTIVE LIMOUSINE - DAY
text: The Business Executive is talking to the limo driver as he
text: reads the sports section.
scene_heading: BUSINESS EXECUTIVE
dialog: I don't know the majority of these
dialog: names.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND DOCKS - DAY
text: The two Longshoremen again, looking at a paper.
speaker_heading: LONGSHOREMAN
dialog: Who are these fuckin' guys?
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND MUNICIPAL STADIUM - DAY
text: The two Korean Groundskeepers again, dragging the infield.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: (in subtitles)
dialog: They're shitty.
scene_heading: INT. CLEVELAND MUNICIPAL STADIUM - DAY
text: Taylor is alone in the stadium, standing near home plate in
text: his street clothes, taking in the massive stadium, remembering
text: glories past. He steps into the batter's box and takes his
dialog: stance.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (to himself)
text: Two down. Bottom of the ninth.
text: Taylor points to the left field stands. He imagines a pitch
text: coming in, takes a mighty swing and admires the flight of
text: the imaginary ball as it arches high in the mid-day sky,
text: landing deep in the left field seats. Breaking into his home
text: run trot, he circles the bases, slapping the third base
text: coach's hand and exchanging low fives with his teamates as
text: he reaches the plate.
text: Suddenly, his reverie is interrupted by the sound of applause.
text: He turns and looks in the dugout, where Hayes and Vaughn are
text: giving him a hand.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Really got all of that one.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What was it? A slider?
text: Taylor is too embarrassed to reply.
scene_heading: INT. CLEVELAND RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: One of Cleveland's finest. Taylor, Hayes and Vaughn are seated
text: at a table.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What are you gonna have?
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: I don't know. What language is this?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: French.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: They got patty melts over there?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Forget it. I'll order. Let's have a
dialog: toast.
text: The three raise their wine glasses.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Here's to baseball, here's to the
dialog: start of two great careers, and for
dialog: me, here's to at least one more good
dialog: year in the sun.
text: The glasses CLINK. Suddenly Taylor's attention fixes on
text: something across the room -- a stunning young woman in her
text: late twenties, LYNN WESTLAND. She's having dinner with a
text: DATE in a three-piece suit.
text: Hayes and Vaughn follow Taylor's eyes to the woman.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What is it? The chick?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: That's my wife.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Does she know it?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I mean she woulda been if I hadn't
dialog: screwed it up. Who's that guy she's
dialog: with?
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: I don't know. He's not wearing a
dialog: name tag.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: You want me to beat the shit out of
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: What does she do?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: She's a librarian.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: A librarian? Shit, I gotta start
dialog: readin' again.
scene_heading: INT. CLEVELAND RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: A WAITER approaches the table where Lynn and her date are
text: sharing a dessert.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Miss Wells, there's a telephone call
dialog: for you.
text: Lynn is somewhat surprised, but gets up to take the call. We
text: FOLLOW her to the pay phone in the hall.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hello, Lynn. It's Jake.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Jake? How did you know I was here?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Just a hunch. I took you there when
dialog: you got your masters. I figure you're
text: probably wearing the black velvet
text: dress with the red sash.
text: She is indeed. Lynn is a little unsettled by this display of
dialog: clairvoyance.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: How did you know that? I didn't have
dialog: this dress when we were...
text: Sensing that something's askew, she turns and looks across
text: the way to see Jake talking to her on the pay phone on the
text: other side of the hall, maybe ten feet away. He gives her
text: his best grin.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You look great.
text: Lynn, as is often the case with Jake, is both charmed and
text: put-out. She goes with put-out.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Thanks. What are you doin' here?
dialog: Aren't you supposed to be in Mexico
dialog: somewhere?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'm playin' with the Indians again.
text: Back in the Bigs.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: That's great. I'm happy for you,
dialog: Jake.
text: And she is. Not so sure about herself, though.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (starting away)
dialog: I gotta get back...
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Wait a minute. What's your number. I
dialog: tried calling you at home, but you're
dialog: not listed...
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: My life is different from when you
dialog: knew me.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Meaning what? That I don't know you
dialog: anymore?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Couldn't we talk about this some
dialog: other time? I really gotta...
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Okay, just gimme your number.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I don't think that's a good idea.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Why not? Because of the guy you're
dialog: with? What is he, a banker?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Lawyer. Please, Jake, he's watching
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'm not leavin' without your number.
dialog: You still wear those great little
dialog: tortoise-shell glasses? I always
dialog: loved it when you took them off.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Jake...
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: The number, Lynn...
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: All right. 555-9314.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Thank you. I'm back, Lynn, and I'm
dialog: gonna be around.
text: She looks at him a beat, unsure what to say, then heads back
text: toward her table. We go to Lynn's date. None of this has
text: been lost on him.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - DAY
text: Taylor, Hayes and Vaughn are the fares.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: What's the number again?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (looking at a piece
dialog: of paper)
dialog: 1036.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: Furnished apartment building owned
dialog: by the Indians. We get special rates.
dialog: With what we're makin' we'll need
dialog: it.
text: The Cabbie pulls to a stop and points to the other side of
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: That's it.
text: Taylor and the others turn to see a dismal, run-down building
text: with a neon sign that says "The Turk."
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Welcome to the Big Leagues.
scene_heading: INT. THE TURK - DAY
text: Jake goes to a pay phone in the hall and dials the number
dialog: Lynn gave him.
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE
dialog: Hello, Cuyahoga Sheet Metal.
text: Taylor doesn't like the sound of this.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You got anybody workin' there named
dialog: Lynn Wells?
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE
dialog: Never heard of her.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Didn't think so.
text: Taylor hangs up, staring off into space.
scene_heading: INT. THE INDIANS' LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Various players are dressing out for the game. We PICK UP
text: Cerrano putting on his undergarments. They're all black,
text: including his jock. Dorn reads the Wall Street Journal, while
text: Taylor sits on the trainer's table getting his knees taped.
text: Hayes checks the fit of his new uniform from every angle in
text: a mirror. He thinks he looks pretty good. Vaughn just squeezes
text: a baseball in his left hand, obviously a little uptight.
text: Taylor gives him a chuck on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Take it easy. We got 162 of these to
dialog: go.
text: Lou Brown enters the locker room.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: All right, let's gather 'round.
text: The players turn their attention to Brown.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I'm not much for inspirational
dialog: addresses. I just wanta point out
dialog: that every newspaper in the country
dialog: has picked us to finish last. The
dialog: local press thinks we'd save everybody
dialog: a lot of time and trouble if we just
dialog: went out and shot ourselves. Me, I
dialog: like to waste sportswriters' time so
dialog: I'm for hangin' around and seein' if
dialog: we can give all these guys a nice
dialog: big shitburger to eat.
text: Cheers all around.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Aren't we gonna have a prayer? I
dialog: mean we're not all savages like
dialog: Cerrano.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: You guys go ahead. I belong to the
text: church of three-run homers.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: All right, let's bow our heads.
text: Many of the players follow suit. Suddenly the silence is
text: shattered by a loud explosive SOUND, scaring the hell out of
text: everybody. All eyes turn to Cerrano, who has just set off a
text: charge of gunpowder on his locker altar.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
dialog: Have to wake up bats.
text: Disgusted, Harris and the others turn back to their prayers.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Dear Lord, we ask...
text: Harris never gets to finish. The smoke rising from Cerrano's
text: gunpowder explosion sets off the automatic sprinklers in the
text: ceiling. As Harris and the faithful look up into the downpour,
dialog: we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUNICIPAL STADIUM - DAY
text: The stands are nearly empty. Of the fans who have showed up,
text: many wear doormats around their necks.
text: Bobby, Vic, Johnny and Thelma, our four fans from the diner,
text: sit alone in the vast expanse of the centerfield bleachers.
text: All four wear Indian head dresses and have war paint on their
text: faces. The three men each have tom-toms. Thelma works on her
dialog: needlepoint.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You read the Plain Dealer today?
dialog: They said this is gonna be the worst
dialog: Indian team we've had in years.
speaker_heading: THELMA
text: Everybody laughs at the Indians now,
dialog: but there were other times. Even won
dialog: the Series in '48. Then Willie Mays
dialog: made that catch on Vic Wertz in the
dialog: '54 Series and Cleveland's never
dialog: been the same since.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
text: As the Indians go so goes Cleveland,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: THELMA
dialog: If we ever lost the Indians, Cleveland
dialog: would die.
scene_heading: INT. MUNICIPAL STADIUM PRESS BOX - DAY
text: We get our fist glimpse of HARRY DOYLE, the Indians' 55-year-
text: old radio announcer. Harry's never walked past a bar in anger.
text: He's been with the Indians through thin and thinner.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (on the air)
dialog: Hello, everybody, Harry Doyle here,
dialog: welcoming all you Friends of the
dialog: Feather to another season of Indians
dialog: baseball.
dialog: (pouring some Jack
dialog: Daniels in his Coke)
dialog: A lotta new faces for the tribe this
text: year, as they take on the defending
dialog: American League champs, the New York
text: Yankees. And listen to the roar of
text: the crowd as the Indians takes the
dialog: field!
text: Doyle leans out the press box window with his mike, trying
text: to pick up the sound of a couple guys CLAPPING down below.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Yes, sir, they love this club here
dialog: in Cleveland.
text: Doyle takes a hit of his spiked Coke.
text: DOWN ON THE FIELD
scene_heading: A YANKEE HITTER
text: flies out to Hayes, who makes a "basket" catch a la Willie
dialog: Mays.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: High fly ball, centerfield. Hayes
dialog: under it now... Oh, makes a basket
dialog: catch, Willie Mays style, and the
dialog: side is retired.
scene_heading: THE INDIAN DUGOUT
text: The team comes in off the field to much enthusiasm and back-
dialog: slapping.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: All right, way to look, way to look.
dialog: Nice catch, Hayes. Don't ever fuckin'
dialog: do it again. Okay, let's get it goin'!
scene_heading: DOYLE IN THE PRESS BOX
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Bottom of the first, Willie Mays
text: Hayes to lead it off for the tribe.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: going through his warmup routine at the plate.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: A lotta people say you can tell how
dialog: a season's gonna go by the first
dialog: hitter of the year. In the last
dialog: fifteen years, the Indians have never
dialog: had the season lead-off hitter reach
dialog: base.
text: Hayes is in the batter's box now. The Yankee pitcher winds
text: and fires. Hayes swings and hits a little dribbler toward
text: the second baseman, who races in and scoops it up bare-handed.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: Hot shot toward the hole. Rudia knocks
text: it down, gets up, fires to first.
dialog: Too late! Hayes beats it!
text: Doyle leans out the window again trying to pick up some
text: cheering.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: And so the string is broken. Maybe
dialog: things will turn around a little for
dialog: the Indians this year.
speaker_heading: THE BLEACHERS
dialog: Our four fans (from here on known as the Bleacher Band),
text: overjoyed by Hayes' hit, start beating the tom-toms and
dialog: singing a fight song they've composed called "In the Land Of
text: Burning Waters" to the tune of the old Hamms Beer jingle.
scene_heading: BLEACHER BAND
text: In the land of burning waters, waters
dialog: Lurks the Injun nine, oh so fine, we
dialog: Love those mighty Redmen, Turn their
text: foes to dead men, Ummmmm.
scene_heading: FIRST BASE AREA
text: as Hayes comes back to the bag, where the Yankee FIRST BASEMAN
text: is waiting for him.
speaker_heading: FIRST BASEMAN
dialog: Showed some real power on that one,
dialog: Slugger.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: I plan to get at least a double out
dialog: of it.
text: Hayes reaches in his back pocket and pulls out one of the
text: pairs of black leather gloves he bought earlier.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: And now Hayes is putting on a pair
text: of black gloves, sending a little
text: message to the Yankees.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: (to the First Baseman)
dialog: Bought a hundred of these, one for
dialog: each base I plan to steal. Excuse
dialog: me, here, I gotta take my first step
text: toward the Hall of Fame.
text: Hayes takes his lead-off and crouches, ready to steal.
speaker_heading: FIRST BASEMAN
dialog: You look real sharp, but you'll never
dialog: steal second with your shoe untied.
text: Hayes looks down at his shoe. It's not untied. He notices
text: too late that the PITCHER is throwing over to pick him off.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Brewster, quick move to first...
text: Hayes dives back for the bag, but never gets there; his face
text: smashing up against the First Baseman's glove, which is
text: already holding the ball.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: He got him. Hayes is picked off.
speaker_heading: FIRST BASEMAN
dialog: Nice base running, dildo. Hard to
dialog: get your thumb out of your ass with
text: the gloves on.
text: Hayes lies in the dust humiliated.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Well, so much for that.
text: Doyle takes a long pull on his Coke and we GO INTO A MONTAGE
text: depicting the Indians' progressive disintegration in this
dialog: game. We see:
text: A) THREE FIELDERS converging on a short pop fly into left
text: field. They all collide and go down in a heap as the ball
text: drops untouched.
text: B) DORN playing a grounder off his hip. He fumbles it, picks
text: it up, fumbles it again. No play.
text: C) TAYLOR crouched behind the plate, but up off his haunches,
text: ready to throw. We hear the voice of his thoughts.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR'S VOICE
dialog: Guy's goin'. Gotta be goin'... get
dialog: the throw up. Don't bounce the damn
dialog: ball.
text: The runner on first takes off as the pitch comes in. Taylor
text: catches the ball and fires down to second. The ball sails
text: three feet over the second baseman's head and on into center
text: field. Taylor stands there, disgusted.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR'S VOICE
dialog: Nice throw, dickhead.
text: D) CERRANO striking out on a curve ball. He bawls his bat
text: out on the way to the dugout.
text: E) THE THREE FIELDERS we saw before, converging on another
text: pop fly into short left. This time all three dive off at the
text: last instant to avoid a collision. Once again the ball drops
text: untouched.
scene_heading: END MONTAGE.
scene_heading: THE SCOREBOARD
text: It shows Yankees 4, Indians 0 after five innings.
text: DOYLE UP IN THE BOOTH
text: There are two empty Coca-Cola cups near the mike. He's working
dialog: on a third.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Top of the sixth. Rookie sensation,
dialog: Ricky Vaughn, on to pitch now. You
dialog: can close the book on Winters...
text: Vaughn stands on the mound rubbing up the baseball with the
text: same intensity we saw in the locker room.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Easy does it, Ricky. We're only four
dialog: down. We're still in this thing.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: Don't worry if you're off the plate
dialog: on a few pitches. Doesn't hurt to
dialog: put the fear of God in a hitter.
text: Vaughn nods and continues to grind the ball as Pepper and
text: Taylor leave. The Yankee Hitter steps in.
text: Vaughn winds and fires a screamer. Taylor has to leap high
dialog: to come down with it.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: First pitch is a little high...
text: The Yankee Hitter is slightly unnerved by this pitch.
scene_heading: YANKEE HITTER
dialog: This guy kinda wild?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I figure you got a 30% chance to
dialog: survive this at bat.
text: ANOTHER PITCH to the Yankee hitter. It's outside.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Ball four.
text: ANOTHER PITCH to a SECOND YANKEE HITTER. It's low.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Ball eight.
text: ANOTHER PITCH to a THIRD YANKEE HITTER. He has to jump over
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Low, and Vaughn has walked the bases
text: loaded on twelve straight pitches.
dialog: By the laws of probability, you'd
dialog: think one of those coulda drifted
text: over the plate.
scene_heading: THE BLEACHER BAND
text: Bobby gives the downbeat and, in honor of Vaughn, the three
text: men stand to pound out a version of "Wild Thing" on the tom-
text: toms. Bobby does the vocal.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Wild thing, You make my heart sing,
dialog: You walk everything.
text: Pepper has reached the mound...
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: Okay kid. I think we got 'em scared
dialog: enough now. Time to get a few of 'em
dialog: out.
text: Vaughn nods. He's plenty upset with himself.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: Just relax, and keep the arm up on
dialog: top. Gotta throw strikes. No place
dialog: at the inn for this guy.
text: He gives Vaughn a pat on the butt, and goes back to the
text: dugout.
text: The Yankee hitter, HAYWOOD, stands in. He's the first baseman
dialog: who tagged Hayes out.
speaker_heading: HAYWOOD
dialog: Hey, Taylor, what you doin' back up
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Couldn't cut it in the Mexican League.
text: Vaughn, determined to throw a strike, winds and delivers.
text: The ball is a perfect strike, right down the middle.
text: Haywood crushes it to deep left field. Vaughn drops his head,
text: not even bothering to look.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Oh, shit...
text: The ball lands in the second deck; a grand slam home run.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: (to Brown)
dialog: Looked like a strike anyway. You
dialog: want me to go get him?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: No, let's see how he reacts.
text: Vaughn paces around on the mound, rubbing up the ball. The
text: next hitter, COLEMAN, steps in. Vaughn gets up on the rubber,
text: his face set. He winds up and fires one right into Coleman's
text: back. Coleman goes down in a hurry.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Interesting.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: At least he hit what he was aimin'
dialog: at.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I think you can go get him now.
text: Both benches are up on the dugout steps ready to come out.
text: The only thing holding them back is that Coleman is being
text: tended to by the trainer.
text: The home plate umpire thumbs Vaughn out of the game. Vaughn
text: comes down to protest, but Pepper quickly grabs him and
text: hurries him off the field.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: C'mon, kid. As soon as Coleman gets
dialog: up, he's gonna be lookin' for you.
text: Coleman finally gets to his feet, still a little shaken. He
text: looks around for Vaughn, but he's already disappeared into
text: the dugout. Coleman walks down to first under his own power.
text: Brown signals for a new pitcher and the players on both sides
text: begin to return to the benches.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
text: walking alone down the tunnel to the locker room. He angrily
text: knocks one of the overhead light bulbs out with his glove.
scene_heading: DOYLE IN THE PRESS BOX - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: He now has five empty cups next to the mike, plus a near-
text: empty bottle of Jack Daniel's.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: So, a tough start for the Erie
text: warriors, as they drop a heartbreaker
dialog: to the Yankees, nine to nothing. The
dialog: Post Game Show was brought to you
dialog: by...
dialog: (searching for the
dialog: paper)
dialog: Christ. I can't find it. The hell
dialog: with it. This is Harry Doyle saying
dialog: good night, everybody, and Happy
dialog: Hunting.
text: With that Doyle passes out on his face.
speaker_heading: RACHEL PHELPS
text: in her private box at the stadium. With her are Donovan and
dialog: Butler.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (getting up to leave)
dialog: We're off to a good start, gentlemen.
dialog: Let's keep it up.
text: We GO TO Donovan. He watches Rachel go in disgust.
scene_heading: INT. THE CASCADE BAR - NIGHT
text: Taylor, Hayes and Vaughn are in a booth, having a beer. Vaughn
text: is still in a funk.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: God, I was horse shit tonight.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Only thing you got to be sorry about
dialog: was hittin' Coleman.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: If you wanted to send a message, it
dialog: shoulda been to Haywood. He hit the
dialog: damn homer. Coleman was just picking
text: his nose in the on-deck circle.
text: Vaughn nods slowly.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Forget the other stuff. It coulda
dialog: happened to anybody. Besides, Haywood
dialog: didn't hit it that good. That ball
dialog: wouldn't have been out of a lotta
dialog: parks.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Oh yeh, name one.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Yellowstone.
text: Vaughn just looks at Taylor a second and then smiles in spite
dialog: of himself.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Shit...
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND MUNICIPAL LIBRARY - DAY
text: We see Taylor walking up the steps and through the massive
text: front door.
scene_heading: INT. CLEVELAND LIBRARY - DAY
text: We PICK UP Taylor making his way past the circulation desk.
text: He glances around and finds what he's looking for: Lynn,
text: talking to one of the reference librarians. She finishes her
text: conversation and turns, to find herself face to face with
text: Taylor. She's wearing her tortoise-shell glasses.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Jake, you shouldn't have come here.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I was wonderin' why you'd give an
text: old friend a bum phone number.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Let's talk in my office, okay?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I don't wanna talk in your office.
text: Lynn starts to walk. We'll FOLLOW them as they make their
text: way through the library. Lynn tries to keep the conversation
dialog: hushed. Taylor could give a shit.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I told you I don't think it's a good
dialog: idea for us to see each other.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: We don't have anything in common.
dialog: Sometimes I wonder if we ever did.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What are you talkin' about? We were
dialog: both athletes, world class, hot for
dialog: each other. What more can you have
dialog: in common?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I stopped bein' an athlete three
dialog: years ago. Books are my life now.
text: Jake suppresses a smile.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Don't you dare laugh, Jake. In two
dialog: years I've put together one of the
dialog: best special collections departments
dialog: in the country.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: So what is it? You're still sore I
dialog: never read Moby Dick?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You never read anything I asked you
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Not like what's-his-name at the
dialog: restaurant?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: His name is Tom, and keep your voice
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What do ya see in this guy?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: He's stable. He's intelligent... and
dialog: I've never found him in bed with a
dialog: stewardess.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: That's 'cause no stewardess would
dialog: have him. Wouldn't you rather be
dialog: with somebody who's in demand?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Just like always, you don't take
dialog: anything seriously. Everything's a
dialog: joke to you.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: C'mon, Lynn, for Christ sake, I'm
dialog: just tryin' to loosen things up a
dialog: little. I'm gettin' frostbite here.
text: Lynn stops and turns to face him.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Tom and I are getting married in the
dialog: fall.
text: Taylor is momentarily floored by the revelation.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What? That's crazy, Lynn. I got plans
dialog: for us.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (walking again)
dialog: What plans?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I was gonna play another a year or
dialog: two, then we go to Hawaii, and have
text: a couple kids who grow up to be
dialog: Olympic champions.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (stopping again)
dialog: How can you think stuff like that? I
dialog: haven't seen you in two years. You
dialog: never even wrote me a letter.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'm sorry, Lynn, but I wasn't exactly
dialog: proud of my situation. C'mon, you
dialog: didn't think about me at all since I
dialog: been gone?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (walking again)
dialog: Not so loud, Jake.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Remember the three nights we spent
dialog: on the beach in Vera Cruz? You have
dialog: nights like that with Mr. Briefcase?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (stopping again)
dialog: What about the night you had in
dialog: Detroit with Miss Dairy Queen?
text: They're in the large reading room now.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What was I supposed to do? She bet
dialog: me fifty bucks she had a better body
dialog: than you. I had to defend your honor.
speaker_heading: LYNN
text: (whirling on him and
dialog: exploding)
dialog: What a bunch of bullshit!
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I have a much better body than she
dialog: does.
text: With this the whole reading room turns around and stares at
text: her. Lynn is mortified by her outburst. Taylor tries to smooth
text: it over.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (addressing the library
dialog: patrons)
dialog: She's right. Take it from me, she
dialog: really does. I mean Miss Dairy Queen
dialog: has quantity, I give her that, but
dialog: the, ah, quality just isn't there.
text: Nice job, Jake. Lynn is still mortified.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: How many think Lynn oughta give me
dialog: another shot?
text: Most of the hands in the room shoot up.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: The ayes have it.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (walking off again)
dialog: You haven't changed at all, have
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'm afraid I have or I wouldn't be
dialog: here. C'mon, Lynn, I don't wanna do
dialog: time for things that happened years
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (turning back to him)
dialog: I'm sorry, Jake. You'll always be
dialog: the little boy who wouldn't grow up.
text: Lynn starts off for her office door.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Lynn, wait...
text: Lynn continues on into her office. As the door closes, we GO
text: TO Taylor's forlorn face.
scene_heading: INT. RACHEL PHELPS' OFFICE - DAY
text: Rachel is in closed-door session with Donovan.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: A quarter of the season's gone, we're
text: 15 and 24, seven games out of first.
dialog: Our attendance is just below 180,000.
dialog: That's bad, but not bad enough.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Projected over the whole season, we
dialog: stand to wind up 36 games under .500
dialog: and 28 out of first. That should be
dialog: bad enough for anybody.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: We finished 24 out last year and
dialog: still drew 890,000. When school's
dialog: out for the summer, attendance is
dialog: liable to rise. Plus, this team is
dialog: showing signs of improvement. I didn't
dialog: think we'd win 15 games all year.
dialog: Any ideas?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: On how we can get worse?
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: How about a series of fines for good
dialog: play? Maybe a $30,000 bonus to the
dialog: guy chosen Least Valuable Player.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: This is no laughing matter, Donovan.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I think maybe the problem is we're
dialog: coddling these guys too much.
text: As Donovan wonders what she means by that, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLEVELAND AIRPORT - DAY
text: We PICK UP Taylor, Hayes, Vaughn and the other Indians coming
text: down a corridor to their plane.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: What's with this? We never leave
dialog: from this terminal.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Maybe the other one's jammed up.
text: They come through the gate where they see two American
text: Airlines jets on the tarmac.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: (pointing to the jets)
dialog: Which one is ours?
speaker_heading: GATEMAN
dialog: That one.
text: The gateman points off-screen. Suddenly, an old DC-3, with
text: the Indian logo on it, pulls into frame.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE DC-3 - NIGHT
text: This one was obviously bought from the military. The seats
text: are 40's Army issue, and the ribs of the fuselage are exposed.
text: The plane is bobbing and lurching through a ferocious storm.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What is this, Lou?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Front office says it's an economy
dialog: measure, 'cause we're not drawin'
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Well, they certainly have spared
dialog: every expense.
text: We PICK UP Cerrano crossing himself. Harris sees it.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Oh, so now you come around.
dialog: (pointing up)
text: He's not fooled.
text: Hayes sits petrified in his chair, his knuckles whitening on
text: the arm rest.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Call the stewardess, Vaughn. I need
dialog: one of those bags.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: There aren't any stewardesses.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: I wonder if there's any pilots.
scene_heading: INT. MILWAUKEE STADIUM - PRESS BOX -DAY
text: We PICK UP Doyle doing the play-by-play of the Indians' next
text: game. He can barely keep his eyes open.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Two down, top of the ninth. Last
dialog: chance for the red and blue.
speaker_heading: THE FIELD
text: The Brewer pitcher delivers and a Cleveland player hits a
text: ground ball to the Brewer Second Baseman who throws him out.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Bouncing ball to second. This should
dialog: be it. Collins up with it, on to
text: first, and the game is over.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: in the press box again.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: So, the Sons of Geronimo, still
text: suffering a bit from propeller lag,
dialog: are nipped by the Tigers tonight, 7
dialog: to 0. The only excitement for the
dialog: tribe provided by Rick Vaughn who
dialog: set an American League record by
text: throwing four wild pitches in one
dialog: inning. Congratulations, Rick. For
dialog: the Tigers, 5 runs, 9 hits, and no
dialog: errors. For the Indians, one run,
dialog: and let's see, one hit.
dialog: (to his Stat Man)
dialog: Is that all we got, one fucking hit?
speaker_heading: STAT MAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You can't say "fuckin'" on the air.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Don't worry about it. Nobody's
dialog: listening anyway.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BAR - NIGHT
text: Dorn and Harris are at one table; Taylor and Vaughn at one
text: across the way.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Who you got lined up tonight?
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Where are we? Kansas City, right?
dialog: Gotta be Arlene
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: You call her?
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Don't have to. She knows when I'm in
dialog: town.
scene_heading: TAYLOR AND VAUGHN
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'm about ready to turn in. I've
dialog: anesthetized my knees enough.
text: A GUY from the bar approaches the table.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Vaughn, can I have
dialog: your autograph?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Ah... yeh... sure.
dialog: (signing)
dialog: My first autograph. I couldn't give
dialog: these away a couple weeks ago.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I saw your record on the news. You
dialog: made their Hall of Shame.
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You're a celebrity now, Vaughn.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I thought you had to do somethin'
dialog: good to be a celebrity.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Not if you do it colorfully.
speaker_heading: DORN AND HARRIS
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: (pointing to the door)
dialog: What'd I tell ya.
text: We GO TO the door to find ARLENE standing with two friends,
text: RENE and VICKI. ARLENE is a looker alright, 27, and seriously
text: built. She cases the room, spies Dorn and comes over to his
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Hi, Rodger. This is Vicki and Rene.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Hi, doll. This is Steve Harris.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Where's your buddy Gant?
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: (indicating Vaughn)
text: They cut him to make room for bristle
dialog: boy over there.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: (looking over at Vaughn)
dialog: Is that Vaughn, the guy they call
dialog: Wild Thing?
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: (in disgust)
dialog: Yeh.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: He's kinda cute. They say he could
dialog: be a big star.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: What are you talkin' about? He
dialog: couldn't find the plate if it was
text: magnetized. He won't last the year.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
text: He struck out five in a row before
text: the wild pitches.
dialog: (taking her leave)
dialog: Maybe I'll check him out.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: (grabbing her)
dialog: Wait a minute, you're with me.
text: Taylor watches this exchange from across the room.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: I don't remember you makin' any date.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Since when do I have to make a date?
dialog: Who's been showin' you this town the
dialog: last three years?
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Ancient history, Rodger. I gotta
dialog: look out for myself now. I don't
dialog: have to be a slave to no .235 hitter.
text: ARLENE pulls away and heads for the jukebox as Dorn seethes.
text: She punches a button and we hear X's version of "WILD THING."
text: ARLENE sashays right up to Vaughn in time with the music.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Wild Thing, you make my heart sing.
text: ARLENE knows how to make the big entrance. Vaughn's slightly
dialog: overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: DORN
text: taking this all in from across the room. Taylor comes up
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Guess we're over with, eh, Dorn?
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Speak for yourself, Taylor. I got a
dialog: couple good years left.
scene_heading: INT. THE INDIANS' DC-3 - NIGHT
text: We PICK UP Taylor in his seat, glasses on, reading something
text: by the light of a flashlight rigged up to the back of his
dialog: seat. We MOVE to reveal it -- the Classics Illustrated comic
dialog: book of "Moby Dick."
text: Hayes wanders by, an air-sick bag hanging around his neck.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: "Moby Dick?" What is that?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It's one of the masterpieces of
dialog: American literature, that's all.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Lynn put you on to this?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Long time ago.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Well, we're goin' to a club tonight.
dialog: You wanna come along?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No, I got some more reading to do.
text: Taylor indicates a stack of Classic Comics next to him.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: What, you got a test or somethin'?
dialog: Why don't you just go over and see
dialog: her? Maybe she'll let you slide on a
dialog: couple of these.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I might if I knew where she lives.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Easy. Tail her home from the library.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You mean sit in a car and wait for
dialog: her to come out? That's kinda
dialog: juvenile, don't you think?
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: (as if that had
dialog: anything to do with
dialog: it)
dialog: Yeh.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND LIBRARY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Taylor sits in his car, across the street from the employee
text: entrance of the library. He scrunches down a bit as Lynn
text: comes out of the building and heads for her car. She gets in
dialog: and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: SERIES OF SHOTS OF LYNN
text: driving through the city with Taylor following at a discrete
text: distance. Finally, Lynn pulls up outside an expensive-looking
text: townhouse. Taylor pulls up further down the street and watches
text: her go inside, debating whether to go in after her.
scene_heading: INT. CLEVELAND BAR - EARLY EVENING
text: Taylor's having a beer, still trying to decide whether to go
dialog: see her or not.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: pulling up outside the townhouse he saw Lynn go into. He
text: goes up the stairs and knocks on the door.
text: Lynn answers, looking more dressed up than when she left the
text: library. She's surprised to see Taylor.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Look, Lynn, I'm sorry I followed you
dialog: home but I wanna...
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (hurried)
dialog: This isn't my place...
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Whose place is it?
text: Before Lynn can answer, Tom appears at the door.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Who's there, love?
dialog: (spying Taylor)
dialog: Oh, Mr. Taylor, right?
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: I remember you from the restaurant.
dialog: Lynn's told me a lot about you. Why
dialog: don't you come in for a while?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nah, that's o.k., I got some things
dialog: to do...
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Yeh, he's gotta be goin'...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, really, come on in for a drink.
text: Before Taylor can beg off further, Tom ushers him inside and
text: closes the door. In the room are two other couples: ARTHUR
text: HOLLOWAY, a senior partner in Tom's firm and his wife CLAIRE,
text: and BRENT BOWDEN, another lawyer in the firm and a
text: contemporary of Tom's. His wife is JANICE. This is a very
dialog: upscale group.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Excuse me, everybody, this is Jake
dialog: Taylor.
dialog: (making the intros)
dialog: Jake, Arthur and Claire Holloway
text: Brent and Janice Bowden. Jake is a
dialog: professional baseball player.
text: Polite nods from the group, except for Janice, who seems
text: somewhat intrigued.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: So, Jake, what brings you here this
dialog: evening?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I, ah, just had a couple books I
dialog: wanted to discuss with Lynn. I thought
dialog: this was her place.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, it soon will be.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh, I heard you guys were engaged.
dialog: Congratulations.
text: Taylor sticks out his hand. Tom's not sure whether Taylor's
text: putting him on or not. He shakes anyway.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Thank you. What can I get you to
dialog: drink?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Beer'll be fine.
text: Tom goes off to get the beer.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What team do you play for, Jake?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: The Indians.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Here in Cleveland? I didn't know
dialog: they still had a team.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh, we have uniforms and everything.
dialog: It's really great.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (handing Jake his
dialog: beer)
dialog: They're last right now, but hopefully
dialog: moving up, eh, Jake?
text: Tom clinks his glass with Jake's beer, the slight
text: condescension in his manner not lost on Taylor. Lynn is
dialog: uncomfortable with this whole situation. Janice moves a bit
text: closer to Taylor. It's obvious she finds him attractive.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I'm told that baseball players make
dialog: very good salaries these days.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: That depends on how good they are, I
dialog: guess.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: How good are you?
text: Lynn is irritated by Janice's directness.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I make the League minimum.
text: Tom and the others react as if Taylor's just announced a
dialog: death in the family.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: He was one of the best in baseball
text: until he had problems with his knees.
text: Everyone is somewhat surprised by Lynn's quick defense of
text: Taylor, including Lynn herself.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What are you going to do when your
dialog: career ends? I mean you can't play
dialog: baseball forever, can you?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Somethin'll come up.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Will it?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I don't know, I was thinkin' of goin'
dialog: to Hawaii, and having a couple of
dialog: kids who grow up to be Olympic
dialog: champions.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh really. In what event?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: Swimming. Maybe the two hundred meter
dialog: Individual Medley. I figure it oughta
dialog: be big by then.
text: Jack just nods. He never heard of it.
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: You got the girl picked out?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I did, but I wasn't smart enough to
text: hold on to her.
text: Lynn's eyes drop to the floor.
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: You used to be an athlete, didn't
dialog: you, Lynn?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (not wanting to pursue
dialog: it)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Two Hundred Individual medley.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Alternate on the '80 Olympic Team.
text: A tense silence settles on the group.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Well, I gotta be goin'. Nice to have
dialog: met you all.
text: Taylor exchanges a quick glance with Lynn and heads for the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Let me walk you out.
text: Tom accompanies Taylor to the door, out of earshot of the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Thanks for the beer.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't mention it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'll let you know if I land a good
dialog: job. I know you're concerned about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeh, well, I just wanted Lynn to
dialog: know what she would've had ahead of
dialog: her.
text: Tom sticks out his hand. The two men shake to keep up
text: appearances for their onlookers across the room.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Stay away from her.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Suck my dick.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHN'S ROOM - DAY
text: Vaughn and Hayes are watching a soap opera on an old black
text: and white TV. Pepper pops his head in.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: Lou wants to see you down at the
dialog: office, Rick.
text: Vaughn looks somewhat apprehensively at Hayes.
scene_heading: INT. LOU BROWN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Brown is lost in thought at his desk. Vaughn appears at the
text: door like a boy expecting a spanking.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: C'mon in, Rick.
text: Vaughn comes in and takes a seat. He's worried.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Rick, I'm not gonna beat around the
dialog: bush here. You got a great arm, one
dialog: of the best I've ever seen, but your
dialog: control hasn't come around like we
dialog: hoped it would.
text: Vaughn nods contritely.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Now, there are a lotta pitchers that
dialog: started out wild and, after workin'
dialog: it out in the minors, for a while,
dialog: went on to great careers.
text: (pointing to a picture
dialog: on the wall)
dialog: Take Sandy Koufax there...
text: Vaughn looks at the picture on the wall. He squints slightly.
text: Brown notices it.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What about Koufax?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Never mind Koufax.
text: Brown quickly prints some big letters on a legal pad and
text: goes to stand about fifteen feet from Vaughn.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Read these letters, starting at the
dialog: top.
text: Vaughn balks a second and then concentrates on the pad,
text: squinting. Unsettled, he squints harder. He even tries closing
text: one eye.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Can't read it, can you?
text: Vaughn shakes his head no.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: You gonna send me to the minors?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. CLEVELAND LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Taylor, Hayes, Vaughn and the others are dressing out for
text: the game. Vaughn is wearing his glasses.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: These things make me look ridiculous.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Drop in the bucket, Vaughn.
text: Meanwhile, Cerrano is sharpening a long knife at his locker.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What's that for?
speaker_heading: CERRANO
dialog: Gin and cigarettes not enough for Jo-
dialog: Buu. I still can no hit curva ball
dialog: for sheet. I hafta make a sacrifice
text: to him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sacrifice? You mean like something
dialog: living?
speaker_heading: CERRANO
dialog: Si. I kill unborn children.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Not while I'm here you're not. That's
dialog: murder.
text: Cerrano pulls the unborn chicken out of his pocket -- a common
text: store bought egg. Harris is a little embarrassed at his
dialog: outburst.
text: Cerrano touches the egg to his forehead, then places it on
text: his altar. In one swift motion he slams the knife down on
text: it, cutting it into two perfect halves. Taylor and the others
text: are agape at a knife sharp enough to do this. As the yolk
text: spreads out on the altar, Brown emerges from his office.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: All right, let's hit the field.
text: The locker room quickly empties, leaving one man behind --
text: Harris. He looks around to make sure everyone is gone, then
text: tiptoes over to Cerrano's locker. Screwing up his courage,
text: he picks up Jo-Buu's cup of gin.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Here's looking at ya, Jo-Buu.
text: He bolts it down, then backs into the middle of the room,
text: waiting at the ready, as if half-expecting a bolt of
text: lightning. When nothing happens, he gloats at the fetish
text: doll in triumph.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
text: strutting out of the dugout, feeling like a million bucks.
text: As he emerges onto the field, a Hitter in the batting cage
text: swings and misses, the bat slipping out of his hands. Away
text: it flies, whirling off down the third base line in a wide
text: arc. It hits Harris in the back of the head and knocks him
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HARRIS
text: watching the game from the dugout, a zip-lock baggie full of
text: ice-cubes strapped to his head.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: We're in the ninth, two down, man on
text: first and the Indians clinging to a
text: one run lead. VAUGHAN, one out away
dialog: from his first major league victory...
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
text: Vaughn, wearing his new glasses, paces the mound nervously.
text: He goes to the rosin bag, wipes his brow, shakes out his
text: arm. Finally up on the rubber, he gets the sign from Taylor,
text: goes to his stretch, checks the runner and fires to the plate.
scene_heading: THE OAKLAND BATTER
text: swings and hits a grounder between third and short. Dorn
text: moves to his left, but the ball goes past his glove and into
text: left field. There is some question as to whether Dorn really
dialog: gave it a full effort.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: Bouncing ball, Dorn can't get to it,
text: into left field, base hit. Clarke
dialog: digging around second, he'll make it
dialog: to third, and the A's have runners
text: at the corners.
text: Vaughn stomps around on the mound, obviously upset. He glares
text: at Dorn a beat before getting back on the mound. Dorn's face
text: is non-commital. Brown paces in the dugout.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: You want me to go get him?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: No, he's come this far. Let's see if
dialog: he can finish it.
text: Doyle downs a little more rum and coke in the press box.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Vaughn in a little trouble here, but
dialog: I'll tell ya, these Cleveland fans
dialog: are great. Listen to them get behind
dialog: Vaughn.
text: Doyle imitates the sound of a crowd cheering with his own
text: voice, punctuated by whistles and clapping.
scene_heading: THE BLEACHER BAND
text: Thelma calmly knits her blanket with the scores of all the
text: Indians' games stitched into it, the Madame La Farge of
text: Cleveland. The boys, however, are a little restless.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We need some defense here. Maybe we
dialog: oughta do a wave.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: C'mon, Indians don't do waves. Let's
dialog: keep this thing pure.
speaker_heading: VIC
dialog: What harm could it do?
speaker_heading: REXMAN
text: The next Oakland hitter, steps in. Taylor flashes a sign.
text: Vaughn comes to the stretch and delivers. High, ball one.
text: The runner on first goes down to second without a throw, the
dialog: pitch being too tough to handle.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Runner goes, high, Taylor has no
dialog: play. The go-ahead and potential
text: winning run is in scoring position.
text: Taylor walks out in front of the plate to throw the ball
text: back to Vaughn.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Forget the runners, Ricky, get this
text: guy at the plate.
text: Taylor goes back behind the dish. Vaughn gets up on the
text: rubber. He winds and comes to the plate. Way high this time.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: High ball two, and the crowd doesn't
dialog: like that call one bit.
text: Doyle imitates the sound of a crowd booing. Taylor, meanwhile,
text: has gone out to the mound.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Okay, let's get nasty here, Rick.
dialog: You know he's lookin' for this pitch.
dialog: Gotta come up with somethin' studly.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Fuckin' Dorn. Game shoulda been over
dialog: by now. Dorn coulda had that ball.
text: He tanked it on purpose.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: This isn't the California Penal
dialog: League, Vaughn. We're professionals
dialog: here. We don't tank a play for
dialog: personal reasons, so cut the crybaby
dialog: shit. You've pitched a helluva game.
dialog: You wanna finish it, don't ya?
text: Vaughn nods.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Can you give me a strike on this
dialog: pitch?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Yeh, but I don't know if there'll be
text: much on it. My arm feels like jello.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Just make sure it's over the plate.
dialog: I want him to swing.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: The last time I did that, the guy
text: hit one that hasn't landed yet.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Don't worry, I'll take care of it.
text: Taylor starts back toward the plate, and then stops.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: By the way, I been meaning to ask
dialog: you. Why'd you steal that car?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I was bored.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Next time you might think about takin'
dialog: in a movie or somethin'.
text: Vaughn permits himself a little smile and release from the
text: tension. Taylor smiles back, and trots off toward the plate.
scene_heading: THE BLEACHER BAND
text: Bobby and Vic are doing a two-man wave. When one sits down,
text: the other stands up.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: has settled in behind the plate now. He starts talking to
text: the batter, Rexman.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Helluva situation we got goin' here,
dialog: huh, Rexman? Two on, two out, you're
dialog: down by a run in the ninth. You got
dialog: a chance to be a hero on national
dialog: television, so whatever you do, don't
dialog: blow it. They'll be callin' you a
text: gutless choke artist all over America.
text: Rexman shoots Taylor a wicked glance.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You're a free agent at the end of
dialog: the year. Not much demand for gutless
dialog: choke artists. What are you hittin'
dialog: now? .230? .240?
speaker_heading: REXMAN
dialog: .316.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hey, nice average. Uh oh, on second
dialog: thought, that still means you got a
dialog: seven outta ten chance of goin' in
dialog: the dumper.
text: Rexman, slightly irritated, backs out of the box.
speaker_heading: REXMAN
dialog: Shut up, will ya, Taylor?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hey, I can understand not wantin' to
dialog: talk about baseball when your nuts
dialog: are in a vice like this.
text: Rexman gets back in the box.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: By the way, I saw your wife at the
dialog: Capri Lounge last night. Hell of a
dialog: dancer. You must be very proud.
text: Rexman is trying to ignore Taylor, but failing badly. Taylor
text: flashes a sign to Vaughn. Vaughn goes into his windup.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: But that guy she was with... I mean
dialog: I'm sure he's a close personal friend
dialog: of yours and all, but tell me...
text: Vaughn releases his pitch.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: ...Why was he wearing her panties on
dialog: his head?
text: Rexman, completely unnerved, takes a feeble swing and hits a
text: high pop-up out in front of the plate.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Uh oh, Rexie, I don't think that
dialog: one's got the distance. Maybe if the
text: wind comes up.
text: Taylor moves out two steps and makes the catch easily, ending
dialog: the game.
text: Taylor rushes out to congratulate Vaughn. The players exchange
text: handshakes and high fives, as Brown watches from the dugout.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: It's startin' to come together,
dialog: Pepper. It's startin' to come
dialog: together.
scene_heading: EXT. DORN MANSION - AFTERNOON
text: Taylor pulls up outside and walks up to the door. Suzanne,
text: Dorn's wife, answers.
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: Oh hi, Jake, how are you?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Fine, Suzanne, can I have a quick
dialog: word with Rodger?
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: Sure, c'mon in, he's in the den.
dialog: I'll get some coffee.
text: We FOLLOW Taylor into the luxurious den, where we find Dorn
text: watching his wide screen TV in a smoking jacket.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Hey, Jake, old boy, what brings you
dialog: out here?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I just wanta tell ya somethin', but
dialog: I didn't want to do it in front of
dialog: the whole team.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Sure, go ahead.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (like nails)
dialog: I don't know what your problem is,
dialog: but...
dialog: (bending close to
dialog: Dorn)
dialog: ...if I ever see you tank another
dialog: play like you did tonight, I'll cut
dialog: off your nuts and stuff 'em down
dialog: your fuckin' throat.
text: Dorn looks at Taylor for some sign that he's kidding. He
dialog: doesn't get one.
text: Taylor turns and walks on out, as we go to Dorn's stunned
text: face. Suzanne walks in with a tray.
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: Coffee anybody?
scene_heading: INT. INDIANS' LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: The Indians are undressing after practice.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Why the hell are we havin' practice
dialog: during the All-Star break?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I heard the Big Lady upstairs ordered
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: It's hotter than shit in here. What
dialog: happened to the air conditioning?
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING ROOM - DAY
text: We go to Brown, naked and dragging from the heat. He
text: approaches the whirlpool and turns on the water.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (to Dorn)
dialog: Oh man, this old body can use a soak.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Forget it. It's not workin' again.
text: Brown flips on a switch. The whirlpool makes some grinding
text: noises and then quits altogether.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Damn it, I thought they were gonna
dialog: replace this thing.
text: Harris shouts over from the showers where he's just turned
text: on the water.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Hey, there's no hot water in here.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: She's at it again. I've had it with
dialog: this nickel and dime stuff.
dialog: (storming out of the
dialog: training room)
dialog: I'm gonna get the Bitch on the phone.
text: Brown is stopped short by the sight of Rachel Phelps standing
text: in the middle of the locker room as various unclad players
dialog: dive for cover.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You wanted to see the Bitch?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Yeh.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Don't you think you oughta cover
dialog: yourself with a towel first, Mr.
dialog: Brown?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: There aren't any towels, and I'm too
text: old to be diving under benches.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well, I can take it if you can.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: What happened to the new whirlpool
dialog: we were supposed to get?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Revenue problems have forced us to
dialog: cut back on equipment. We'll simply
dialog: have to fix the old one.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: You fixed it six times already. And
dialog: now there's no hot water in the
dialog: showers.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: The pipes in this building are old
dialog: and rusted. We're replacing them,
dialog: but it's a long, expensive process.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: How am I supposed to keep my players
dialog: healthy with cold water and no therapy
dialog: equipment?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Your players will just have to get a
dialog: little tougher. What are they, a
dialog: bunch of pansies?
text: Immediately, 30 arms shoot up behind her in the Italian "up-
text: yours" gesture. She turns around, but by then the players
text: have quickly returned to normal positions.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Over 162 games even tough guys get
dialog: sprains, sore arms, muscle pulls...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It's only temporary. Besides, these
dialog: guys weren't playing that good when
dialog: the equipment was workin'. If I could
dialog: get anybody to come and watch this
dialog: team, none of this would be necessary.
dialog: You oughta be grateful I can still
dialog: pay your salaries.
text: With that, Rachel turns and walks out. Brown and the others
text: can only watch her go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SPORTSCASTER ROSS FARMER
text: On the air.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: In case you haven't noticed, and
dialog: judging by attendance, you haven't,
dialog: the Indians, that thought-to-be
dialog: hopeless collection of has-been's
dialog: and never-will-be's is actually
text: approaching the .500 mark, and with
dialog: it, semi-respectability. Nothing to
dialog: write home about, to be sure, but at
dialog: least we don't have to cover our
text: eyes.
scene_heading: INT. THE INJUN DINER - DAY
text: Bobby, Vic and Johnny are at the counter.
speaker_heading: VIC
dialog: Ya know, they could be a lot worse.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE GYM - DAY
text: The Business Executive is talking with a friend while working
text: out on the Nautilus machines.
scene_heading: BUSINESS EXECUTIVE
dialog: Ya know, I may have underestimated
dialog: this team a bit.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLEVELAND DOCKS - DAY
text: The two Longshoremen again.
speaker_heading: LONGSHOREMAN
dialog: Ya know, these guys aren't so fuckin'
dialog: bad.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND MUNICIPAL STADIUM - DAY
text: The two Groundskeepers are repairing the pitcher's mound.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: (in subtitles)
dialog: They're still shitty.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
dialog: [...]
text: Brown storms out of the dugout, doing his best to look
text: incensed.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Ah shit, here comes Lou. Gimme a
dialog: break, Mel. I gotta get outta here.
speaker_heading: WINGO
dialog: All right, kick some dirt on me. The
dialog: Commissioner'll buy that.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Right. Good idea.
text: Taylor begins kicking dirt on Wingo's shoes, ala Billy Martin.
text: Wingo takes a dramatic hop, skip and jump and gives Taylor
text: the heave-ho thumb just as Brown arrives. Wingo turns away.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (to Wingo)
dialog: Hey, don't you go anywhere. I wanna
dialog: have a few words with you.
text: Brown grabs Taylor and pulls him aside.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: What are we arguin' about here?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (struggling as if he
dialog: wanted to get at
dialog: Wingo)
dialog: Fucker called that a ball.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: You mean the one that was a foot
dialog: outside?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh.
text: Taylor breaks away and starts back to the dugout. Playing it
text: to the hilt, he throws his glove and mask to the ground on
dialog: the way.
text: Meanwhile, Brown is going jaw to jaw with Wingo, outraged at
text: the call. Brown pulls a carrot out of his back pocket, and
text: offers it to Wingo, who immediately thumbs him out.
speaker_heading: LYNN
text: leaving her seat and starting up the aisle.
text: Taylor comes up the stairs from the locker room, still in
text: full uniform. He emerges onto the box level to see Lynn
text: disappearing down the ramp toward the parking lot.
speaker_heading: LYNN
text: in the parking lot. As she goes to unlock her car, Taylor
text: looks around hurriedly for some kind of vehicle to follow
dialog: her in.
text: He bangs on the bullpen gates and is admitted by the guard.
text: Inside is the Bullpen car, a souped-up golf cart with a body
text: shaped like a batting helmet. Taylor hops in and roars out
dialog: after Lynn.
scene_heading: INT. CLEVELAND ATHLETIC CLUB - NIGHT
text: Lynn comes out of the dressing room into the pool area,
text: deserted this time of night. She wears a racing suit, but
text: lets her hair hang free. The pool glows like a sheet of
text: emerald glass. She shakes down a beat, curls her toes around
text: the coping, slowly bends at the waist, and then launches
text: into a full-out racing dive.
text: We watch as she swims a 100 yard individual medley; first
text: the butterfly, then the backstroke, breaststroke and finally
text: freestyle. We condense the time, of course, SHOOTING some
text: underwater, some SLO-MO, as she knives through the water,
text: her hair flowing behind her, an athlete alone with her medium.
dialog: The SEQUENCE should convey not only the grace of her strokes
text: and her athletic ability, but the fluid beauty of swimming,
dialog: its synthesis of power and form.
text: As she begins the freestyle leg, another body appears in the
text: pool next to her. It's Jake, and he's racing her the final
text: lap. She immediately responds to the challenge, digging
text: harder, picking up her kick. They go neck and neck for 20
text: yards, but Lynn has one more gear and touches him by half a
text: body length at the wall. Both are winded.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You still got that great kick. Just
dialog: like the first time I ever saw you.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You follow me here too?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh, what did you want to see me
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You wouldn't have been at the game
dialog: if you didn't want to see me about
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (getting out of the
dialog: pool)
dialog: I just wanted to see you play.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: How was I?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You looked good, but you oughta open
dialog: your stance a little. They're pitching
dialog: you inside.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'll try that. You wanna have some
dialog: dinner?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Sorry, I already ate.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Right. I forgot your life is different
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (getting out of the
dialog: pool)
dialog: Thanks for the race.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (watching her go)
dialog: Anytime.
scene_heading: INT. LYNN'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Driving through the city on her way home. Lynn glances in
text: the rear-view mirror and spots Taylor following her. She
text: smiles to herself. Taylor, of course, thinks he's gone
text: undetected.
text: We begin a SHORT SEQUENCE during which Lynn tries to lose
text: Taylor in a chase through Cleveland, car vs. batting helmet.
dialog: The logistics will have to be worked out in Cleveland, but
text: suffice it to say, by the end of the chase she appears to
dialog: have ditched him.
scene_heading: EXT. LYNN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Lynn comes up the stairs, unlocks the apartment door and
text: steps inside. There's no particular urgency. She feels sure
text: she's shaken Taylor.
text: The apartment is full of packing boxes. Tired from the chase,
text: Lynn drops her bag on a box and slumps down on the couch.
text: It's obvious she's not all that happy to have lost Taylor.
text: She goes to the window and looks down to the street for some
text: sign of him.
text: Seeing nothing, she turns away from the window disappointed,
text: and starts back to the couch, when something stops her. It's
text: Taylor, standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Whose place are we at this time?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Mine. You follow me again?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh. When I saw you at the game, I
dialog: figured you wanted to see me about
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I just wanted to see you play.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: How was I?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You looked good, but you oughta open
dialog: your stance a little. They're pitchin'
dialog: you inside.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'll try that.
text: Taylor gives a perfunctory nod. They look at each other a
text: second. There's still plenty there. Taylor begins to come
text: toward her. We hear his cleats on the floor. She backs off,
text: but not with real conviction.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I think I oughta tell you that I'm
text: moving in with Tom.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Goin' uptown, huh?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I'm not goin' uptown, I just want to
dialog: lead a regular life. You know, like
text: an adult maybe. With a house and a
dialog: garden and normal hours.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You think I can't lead a regular
dialog: life?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You like the life you've had, Jake.
dialog: You like hangin' out with the boys,
dialog: livin' in hotels, eatin' dinner at
dialog: midnight, having girls send you their
dialog: underwear in the mail. Remember the
dialog: surprise party I threw for you when
dialog: you made the All-Star team? You never
text: showed up, but the doorbell rang
dialog: once and we all got quiet and hid
text: behind the furniture. It was a guy
dialog: to serve you with a paternity suit.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: That was a hoax. The girl was just
dialog: trying to get some publicity.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Yes, but you had obviously been with
dialog: her. And it happened in front of all
dialog: our friends.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I was drownin', Lynn. The endorsements
dialog: were dryin' up, my knees were goin',
dialog: they were talkin' about sendin' me
dialog: down. I was just trying to hold on
dialog: to somethin', prove to myself I was
dialog: still an All-Star. I don't care about
dialog: that anymore. I know I don't have
dialog: much time left in baseball. I'm just
text: a guy trying to put his life back
dialog: together. Thinkin' about you was the
dialog: only thing that kept me goin' in
dialog: Mexico.
text: Lynn looks at him a long beat.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I've come back to you too many times,
dialog: Jake. I can't afford to believe you
dialog: anymore.
text: Lynn is backed up against a desk now. She could move out but
dialog: doesn't.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I guess this is our last hurrah then.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: I guess so. Did you really read "Moby
dialog: Dick?"
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Cover to cover.
text: Taylor comes forward to kiss her, tentatively at first. Their
text: conversation is interwoven with the slowly deepening intensity
dialog: of their kissing.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: When's the wedding?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: October third.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Your mom and dad like this guy?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: You're still their favorite.
text: They're unbuttoning each other's shirts now.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Gonna be a big wedding?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Tom doesn't like big weddings. You
dialog: coulda read Plot Outlines of 101
dialog: Great Novels.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: At any library.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I mean the wedding.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: All Saints on Euclid.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nice church.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Yeh. Who saved Ishmael at the end?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nobody. It was Queequeg's coffin. Am
dialog: I invited?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: To the wedding.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: If you want. Maybe you really did
dialog: read it.
text: Their shirts are off now.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: This doesn't change anything, you
dialog: know. We were always good at this.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Lynn?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: The zipper on your skirt is stuck.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Use your imagination.
text: Taylor's spikes come down across her skirt, catching in the
text: material, ripping it from her body and pinning it to the
text: wood floor. Taylor steps out of the shoe and whisks Lynn OUT
text: OF FRAME. We hold on the skirt, nailed to the floor by the
text: cleats.
scene_heading: INT. LYNN'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Taylor wakens and turns over to find Lynn gone. He looks
text: around but there's no sign of her.
scene_heading: EXT. LYNN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Taylor comes down the steps, gets in his car, and drives OUT
text: OF FRAME. We HOLD on the SHOT, and...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE SAME SHOT - THAT NIGHT
text: Taylor's car pulls INTO FRAME. He gets out and goes up the
text: steps. There's one light on in the apartment window. Taylor
text: comes up to the door and knocks. Getting no answer, he pushes
text: it open to find that the apartment is completely empty. Just
text: bare hardwood floor. Taylor stands forlorn in the center of
text: the room a beat, then walks on out, switching off the overhead
text: light as he goes.
scene_heading: INT. RACHEL PHELPS' OFFICE - DAY
text: Donovan is present once again. Rachel does not look pleased.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well, my worst fears have been
dialog: confirmed. We're 60 and 60, nine
dialog: games out of first, and only two out
dialog: of the first division. Who do those
dialog: guys think they are?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Maybe you just have to accept the
dialog: fact that they're not as bad as you'd
dialog: hoped.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don't have to accept anything. Our
text: attendance is only beginning to rise.
dialog: If we can force a losing streak for
dialog: a week or two, we can still turn
dialog: this thing around. The fans are used
text: to losers here. At the first sign of
dialog: a slump they'll give up on this team.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: What's left to do? You've taken away
dialog: everything you can.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Not everything.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL HIGHWAY - DAY
text: We pick up a decrepit old Greyhound bus coming down the
text: highway, belching smoke like a diesel semi. On the side we
text: see the visage of Chief Wahoo and the words "Indian Express."
scene_heading: INT. INDIAN EXPRESS - DAY
text: Complete with all the luxuries of the average school bus.
text: Temple is looking at a memo from Rachel Phelps.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: Memo says we'll only be usin' this
dialog: for short trips.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Good thing we don't play anybody in
dialog: Europe.
scene_heading: TAYLOR AND HAYES
text: Taylor is staring out the window, still morose about Lynn's
text: leaving. A stack of Classics Illustrated comics sits next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Can I borrow one of those, man? They
dialog: don't have any magazines on this
dialog: bus.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sure, go ahead. I think my reading
dialog: days are over.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Macbeth. This a good one?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (pointing to his stack
dialog: of Classics)
dialog: These are all Hall of Famers.
text: Hayes is impressed.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY OF NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: The Indian Express makes its way through the streets of New
text: York, enroute to the Indian's hotel.
scene_heading: INT. INDIAN EXPRESS - FULL SHOT
text: We see that now most of the team is reading classic comics.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: (to Dorn)
dialog: I'll trade you Song of Hiawatha for
dialog: The Deerslayer.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Naw, I'm not into Song of Hiawatha.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: All right then, how about Crime and
dialog: Punishment?
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Yeh, that sounds pretty good. That's
dialog: a detective story, right?
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Yeh.
scene_heading: INT. INDIAN EXPRESS - NIGHT
text: The bus slows down and pulls over to the curb.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: This is it. The Sheffield Arms.
text: The players all crowd to the window to get a glimpse of their
text: hotel. Hotel is actually overstating it. This place is one
text: cut below the YMCA.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I don't know if we can survive any
dialog: more of these economy measures.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHEFFIELD ARMS - DAY
text: We pick up Taylor, Hayes and Vaughn coming into their
text: dilapidated hotel room. Peeling walls and ceilings, rickety
text: furniture, rusted bathroom fixtures. Taylor sprawls down on
text: one of the cots. It collapses on the floor in a cloud of
dialog: dust.
scene_heading: EXT. YANKEE STADIUM - DAY
text: Vaughn is on the mound warming up.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: So, Ricky Vaughn, roughed up in his
dialog: only other appearance against the
dialog: Yankees, will see what he can do
dialog: with the Bronx Bombers this time.
text: Vaughn, after a slow start, has come
dialog: on lately and now leads the American
dialog: League in strikeouts with 221.
text: Vaughn finishes his warmups. As Taylor pumps the ball down
text: to second, Vaughn hears a voice from the Yankee dug-out.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey, jailbird!
text: Vaughn glances over and sees that one of the Yankees is
text: dressed in a striped prison uniform. He also wears long
text: earrings, high heels, and of course, glasses. Vaughn tries
text: to ignore the guy, but his concentration is broken.
text: Vaughn steps up on the rubber for his first pitch. He winds
text: and fires. The Yankee LEADOFF HITTER rips a one-hopper to
text: the wall in right center. Hayes runs it down and guns it
text: back to the infield to hold the guy to a double. The convict
text: whoops it up.
text: Vaughn gets back up on the rubber. As he comes to the stretch,
text: he catches sight of the convict again. The guy is doing a
text: pantomime, sneaking up to a car and picking the lock, much
text: to the delight of his teammates. Vaughn throws his pitch in
text: the dirt and all the way to the backstop. The runner on second
dialog: goes to third.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (throwing the ball
dialog: back)
dialog: C'mon, Rick baby, settle down.
text: Vaughn gets ready again. The convict finishes picking the
text: lock and then is suddenly arrested. He puts his hands against
text: the wall and spreads his legs for a weapons check, cracking
text: up the whole bench. Vaughn is getting a little steamed. His
text: next pitch is hammered into left for a single, scoring a
dialog: run.
scene_heading: THREE SHOTS OF VAUGHN
text: throwing pitches, followed by:
speaker_heading: SHOTS
text: of the THIRD HITTER lining a double down the right field
text: line, the FOURTH HITTER a triple off the center field wall,
text: and the FIFTH HITTER a single to right. The scoreboard now
text: reads 4 to 0 Yankees. Taylor comes out to talk to Vaughn.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What's the problem, Rick? You're
dialog: throwin' basketballs up there. That
dialog: guy in the dugout botherin' you?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Naw, I'm all right.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Forget him. Worry about the guys
dialog: carryin' bats. C'mon, Ricky, let's
dialog: get nasty.
text: Vaughn nods as Taylor trots back behind the plate.
text: Vaughn gets set again as his old nemesis, Haywood, steps
text: into the batter's box. Haywood has a sly smile on his face.
text: As Vaughn comes to his stretch, the convict goes back into
text: his act. He's in jail now, struggling against the bars.
text: Finally he bends over and grabs his ankles, while one of his
text: teammates humps up against him, pretending to bugger him.
text: This sends the Yankee bench into hysterics.
text: Vaughn has lost it now. He fires to the plate and Haywood
text: creams another tape measure job into the upper deck. Hayes
text: doesn't even bother to run back to the wall. He just watches
dialog: it go. 6-0 Yankees.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I thought now that Vaughn had some
text: control, he was ready for the Yankees.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
text: Not quite yet.
text: Brown makes his way to the mound to take Vaughn out.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: So, Vaughn pitches in some tough
dialog: luck here as the Yankees put together
text: as few squib hits and take a 6-0
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: in the press box. The stadium below is empty, the grounds
text: crew covering the infield.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Well, the Indians made a gallant
dialog: comeback today, but fell one run
text: short as the Yankees held on for a 6-
dialog: 5 victory, although they didn't do
dialog: squat after the first inning. Anyway,
dialog: if the bus makes it here from the
dialog: hotel we'll be on at 7:30 tomorrow
dialog: night. Till then, this is Harry Doyle,
dialog: saying so long, everybody, and Happy
dialog: Hunting.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL BAR - NIGHT
text: Brown is alone in the bar having a drink. A figure sits down
text: on the stool next to him. It's Donovan.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Mind if I join you?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (surprised to see him)
dialog: Donovan. Hell no. What are you doin'
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Just wanted to get out on the road.
dialog: You damn near pulled one out today.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Someday we'll figure out how to beat
dialog: those guys.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Ya know, you've done a helluva job
dialog: this year.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Sixty and sixty-one is hardly a
dialog: helluva job.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: With this club it is.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Ya know, when I first got to camp I
dialog: figured this team had no chance. I
dialog: was just hopin' we'd win enough that
dialog: I could stay on and really start to
dialog: build something here. But there's a
dialog: lotta talent on this club, Charlie.
text: The veterans are starting to play
text: back to form and the rookies are
dialog: developing faster than I thought.
dialog: There's two or three potential all-
dialog: stars in there. I think we're a first
dialog: division team right now.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: You really believe that, don't you?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I know it. All we need is something
dialog: to bring it all together.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: Rachel Phelps would never allow that.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: She doesn't want you in the first
dialog: division. She doesn't even want you
dialog: in Cleveland.
text: On Brown's incredulous face, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INDIANS LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: The players are all gathered around, obviously having been
text: called together by Brown.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (addressing the group)
dialog: I got somethin' I think you oughta
dialog: know about. I wouldn't have known
dialog: about it myself if Charlie Donovan
dialog: hadn't told me, although I shoulda
dialog: guessed it from everything that's
dialog: happened. It seems that Mrs. Phelps
dialog: doesn't think too highly of our worth.
text: We take several CUTS OF FACES around the room.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: She put this team together because
dialog: she thought we'd be bad enough to
dialog: finish dead last, knockin' attendance
dialog: down to the point where she could
dialog: move the team to Miami.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And get rid of all of us for better
dialog: personnel.
text: Taylor, Vaughn, Hayes, Dorn, and the others can hardly believe
dialog: what they're hearing.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Even me?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Even you, Dorn.
text: Silence descends on the room.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: In other words, Phelps thinks we're
dialog: all dinks. That we don't belong in
dialog: the big leagues.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: That's about it.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: What if we don't finish last?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: She'll replace you with somebody who
dialog: will. After this season, you'll all
dialog: be sent back to the minors or given
dialog: your outright release.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So, all we're gonna get is this one
dialog: year.
text: Taylor surveys the bowed heads around the room. He stands to
dialog: address the group.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I don't know about the rest of you,
dialog: but I've been playin' baseball since
dialog: I was five years old. I've had some
dialog: good years and some years to forget.
dialog: I've burned out my knees... I don't
dialog: think I have three fingers that work
dialog: right... I've lost most of the money
dialog: I made and baseball has messed up my
dialog: personal life from time to time. But
dialog: I know one thing... I can still play
dialog: this game a little. And I'd like to
dialog: know who in this room thinks they're
dialog: the kinda bum Mrs. Phelps is lookin'
dialog: for?
text: Eyes dart around the room, then come back to Taylor. No hands
dialog: are raised...
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Well, then, I guess there's only one
dialog: thing to do.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Win the whole fuckin' thing.
text: We take CUTS of the startled faces of the players. As the
text: idea sinks in, they begin to come to life. MUSIC begins and
dialog: we're into a...
speaker_heading: MONTAGE SEQUENCE
text: detailing the newly-motivated Indians' drive for the pennant
text: and the "Pennant Fever" it creates in Cleveland. We begin
dialog: with...
speaker_heading: BROWN
text: hanging a full size blowup of Rachel Phelps on the locker
text: room wall. In the picture she's pointing as if out at the
text: players, and a bubble above her head says, "YOU GUYS STINK!"
text: A set of designer clothes, of the type Rachel wears, have
text: been superimposed on the picture. The clothes are divided
text: into 32 pull-off squares.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I figure it's gonna take 32 more
dialog: victories to win this thing. Every
dialog: time we win, we peel a square.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: coming out of an elevator in the Turk, with a wheelbarrow
text: full of dirt. We pan him down the hall, where we see a dirt
text: sliding area he's been building up.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: leading off a makeshift base in the hall of the Turk. As
text: Vaughn tosses a ball up in the air, Hayes takes off down the
text: hall toward another base on the dirt sliding area.
text: Vaughn catches the ball and rifles a throw down to Taylor,
text: who puts the tag on the sliding Hayes. Cerrano, who's umping,
text: calls Hayes out. Hayes jumps up and argues vociferously,
text: hopping around in frustration.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
text: hitting one rocket-shot ground ball after another at Dorn.
text: Some bounce off his chest and arms, but Dorn stays in front
dialog: of every one.
speaker_heading: DORN
text: taking off his shirt in the locker room. His chest is a mass
text: of welts and bruises.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
text: "polishing" his bats with black shoe polish and a brush.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: taking batting practice late at night. He attacks the ball
text: swing after swing.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
text: taking his stretch with a man on first, and firing to the
text: plate. The Batter swings and misses for strike three, while
text: the Runner on first breaks for second. TAYLOR rifles a throw
text: down to second nailing the Runner for a double play.
speaker_heading: DORN
text: taking a hot smash off his chest. He picks it up and guns
text: the runner down.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: stealing home, as the opposing Pitcher tries frantically to
text: hurry his windup. Hayes slides across safely, hooking to the
text: infield side. He jumps up and punches the air with his fist.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: nailing up the pair of black gloves he used to steal home
text: above his bed.
scene_heading: NEWSPAPER HEADLINE
scene_heading: "INDIANS WIN FIFTH STRAIGHT, CRACK FIRST DIVISION"
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Ross Farmer, microphone in hand, stands in front of a blazing
text: bonfire. A large crowd cheers as various people throw doormats
text: on the blaze.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (to TV camera)
dialog: You remember bra burning in the '70's,
dialog: well, the newest thing in Cleveland
text: is doormat burning as Indian fans
dialog: are standing up and saying "We won't
dialog: be stepped on anymore".
scene_heading: THREE QUICK SHOTS OF VAUGHN
text: blowing fast balls by hitter.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
text: with Donovan next to her, watching all this good play in
dialog: disgust.
scene_heading: AN ANGEL HITTER
text: lining a single to center. Cerrano charges it and fires to
text: the plate as a Runner tries to score from second. Just as
text: Taylor catches the ball, he's once again knocked flat by the
text: Runner. This time he lies still a beat, and then an arm comes
text: up holding the ball.
text: The Umpire thumbs the Runner out.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: late at night, sitting head-down in the outboard motor
text: whirlpool. He's hurting.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND DOWNTOWN STREET -DAY
text: We PICK UP three Teenage Girls walking down the street wearing
text: T-shirts that say WILD THING--I THINK I LOVE YOU. A Black
text: Kid comes by wearing black gloves on each hand. As he passes,
text: he holds up one finger signifying Number One. The Girls return
dialog: the signal.
scene_heading: EXT. EXECUTIVE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Business Executive passes his secretary's desk, gives
text: her some instructions, and goes into his office. As soon as
text: he's out of sight, she opens her drawer and slips the earplug
text: from a portable radio into her ear. OVER, we hear the Indians'
speaker_heading: BROADCAST.
speaker_heading: THE EXECUTIVE
text: inside his office. He opens his desk drawer and pulls out an
text: earplug. He's also listening to the game.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. BURLESQUE JOINT - NIGHT
text: The Stripper is wearing a squaw costume, with black glove
text: and a WILD THING T-shirt.
text: Several members of the audience have radio earplugs on.
scene_heading: NEWSPAPER HEADLINE
text: "INDIANS SWEEP ORIOLES, MOVE INTO SECOND."
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: of squares of leopard skin fabric being peeled away. Under
text: one is revealed a section of bare hip and thigh. Under
text: another, a navel. Under still another, the edge of a bare
text: breast and arm.
speaker_heading: THE INDIAN TEAM
text: all dressed in tuxedos, posed "team picture" style on the
text: infield of Municipal Stadium.
speaker_heading: TEAM
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: Hello, do you know us?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: We're a Major League baseball team,
dialog: but since we haven't won a pennant
dialog: in thirty years, nobody recognizes
dialog: us, not even in our own hometown.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: That's why we carry the American
dialog: Express card. No matter how far out
dialog: of first we are, it keeps us from
dialog: getting shut out at our favorite
dialog: hotels and restaurants.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
dialog: So if you're looking for some big
dialog: league clout, apply for the little
text: green home run hitter.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Look what it's done for us. People
dialog: still don't recognize us, but...
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: ...we're in the first division now.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: sliding across home plate in his tuxedo and stopping IN FRAME.
text: He holds up an American Express card in a black-gloved hand.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: The American Express card. Don't
dialog: steal home without it.
speaker_heading: SHOTS OF FANS
text: filing into Cleveland Municipal Stadium. Tickets being ripped,
dialog: programs sold, etc.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: swinging and hitting a home run into the left field seats.
scene_heading: THE BLEACHER BAND
text: beating the tom-toms and whooping it up. The SHOT WIDENS to
text: reveal they're no longer alone in the stands.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: nailing up another pair of gloves above his head. There are
dialog: a lot of them up there now.
scene_heading: INT. THE INDIAN BUS - NIGHT
text: On the road again. Everyone's asleep except Taylor who lies
text: across his seat, heating pads on his knees.
speaker_heading: THE LONGSHOREMEN (POSSIBLE OMIT)
text: watching TV in a Cleveland working-class bar. Also cheering
text: the Indians are several punk and heavy metal kids, their
text: faces painted with Indian war paint. Strange bedfellows.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
text: hitting a prodigious home run onto the roof.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
text: standing up to cheer Cerrano's homer, then remembering he's
text: with Rachel. He sits down apologetically. Rachel watches the
text: events on the field with a face of cold steel.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: hitting a double into the right centerfield alley with two
text: runners on.
text: Hayes, the trailing runner, catches up with the lead runner,
text: and they reach the plate at about the same time, one sliding
text: around the Catcher one way, one around the other.
text: Both score as the Catcher tries to tag both and gets neither.
scene_heading: FANS IN THE STANDS
text: going wild, while the Indian mascot dances on top of the
text: dugout.
speaker_heading: TV SCREEN
text: The program in progress is suddenly interrupted by a Sports-
text: Break logo appearing on the screen.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: We interrupt this program to bring
dialog: you the following special bulletin.
speaker_heading: ROSS FARMER
text: live outside the Indian's locker room. He wears a headdress,
text: warpaint, and a Wild Thing T-shirt.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Good evening, everybody. The
dialog: incredible has happened. The Indians
dialog: have finished the regular season in
dialog: a first place tie with the New York
text: Yankees on the strength of a 4-2 win
text: over the Tigers in Detroit today.
dialog: There will be a one-game playoff
dialog: here in Cleveland the day after
dialog: tomorrow to decide the Eastern
dialog: Division Championship, the Indians
dialog: having won the coin flip held just
dialog: moments ago in the American League
dialog: office. We'll have further details
dialog: on the news at 11, but for now, get
dialog: your tomahawks ready, Cleveland.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - A PIECE OF LEOPARD SKIN FABRIC
text: We hear cheers as it's ripped away to reveal the photographic
text: image of Rachel's cleavage. We PULL BACK to see the life-
text: size poster is now completely peeled. Rachel stares out at
text: us in a G-string and tassels. The photo is obviously from
dialog: her showgirl days.
text: General merriment prevails in the locker room. Players shaking
text: hands, back slapping, etc. Hayes comes by to exchange
text: congratulations with Taylor. MUSIC and MONTAGE END.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: Hey, not bad for a has-been and a
dialog: never-will-be.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: We haven't won anything yet. We still
dialog: got one more to go.
text: Dorn comes by Taylor's locker.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Hey, Taylor, there's a coupla drop-
text: dead Annies outside. One of 'em says
dialog: she used to know you pretty good.
dialog: Brunette, great rack...
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Darla.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Yeh. What doya say we chat 'em up?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (without much
dialog: enthusiasm)
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: C'mon, you're not gonna keep moonin'
dialog: over that library chick, are you?
dialog: Forget her, she's gone.
text: We leave Taylor thinking it over.
scene_heading: INT. DORN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Suzanne Dorn is watching the 11 o'clock news. HAL CHARLES is
dialog: holding forth.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
text: The Indians are spending the night
dialog: in Detroit and will bus back to
dialog: Cleveland in the morning. We're going
dialog: to go back now to Ross Farmer who's
text: standing by at the Hotel Stanley
dialog: where the Indians are staying in
dialog: Detroit. Ross?
text: The scene shifts to...
scene_heading: THE LOBBY OF THE STANLEY HOTEL
text: where Ross Farmer stands, microphone in hand. Behind him
text: several players can be seen partying in the bar.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Thank you, Hal. As you can see, the
dialog: Indians are in high spirits tonight,
dialog: looking forward to their showdown
dialog: with the Yankees. Who will start
dialog: that game is still a matter of some
dialog: conjecture.
text: As Ross talks, Dorn walks INTO THE FRAME in the far background
text: with his arm around a YOUNG LOVELY. They're nuzzling and
text: hugging, unaware they're on camera, albeit in the background.
text: Suzanne doesn't miss it though. She moves closer to the screen
dialog: to get a better look.
text: Dorn and the Girl get in an elevator together, obviously
text: going upstairs. As the elevator closes, Suzanne hits the off
text: button. She sits there a second in shock, and then her face
text: begins to harden.
scene_heading: INT. TAYLOR'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Taylor and DARLA are undressing, preparatory to getting into
text: bed. They are definitely no strangers to each other.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: You still got that black Corvette?
dialog: The one that the sound system took
dialog: up the whole trunk?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No, I had to sell it.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: I thought they gave them to ya.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Not after your knees go bad.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: That's all right, you'll be gettin'
text: a new one now.
text: Darla is down to her bra and panties. She puts her leg up on
text: the bed to unhook her stockings. Taylor is about to take off
text: his pants, but stops.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Darla, I don't think I can do this.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: What do you mean? We did this between
dialog: innings once.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I guess I'm just not that guy anymore.
text: Darla looks at him a long beat.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Happens to the best of them sooner
dialog: or later. What's her name?
scene_heading: EXT. HALL OUTSIDE TAYLOR'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The door opens and Darla comes out, fully clothed now. She
text: turns to say goodbye to Jake, who is still bare-chested.
speaker_heading: DARLA
dialog: So long, Jake. Too bad. I was gonna
dialog: devote a whole chapter to you in my
dialog: book.
text: As Darla gives Jake a goodbye peck, the elevator door opens
text: across the hall, and out steps Lynn. She's obviously rattled
text: by the sight of Taylor and Darla together.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Excuse me. I was in town for a
dialog: conference and thought I'd drop by,
dialog: but I can see you're busy...
text: With that she quickly steps back into the elevator and the
text: doors close.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Lynn, wait...
text: Taylor leaps to the elevator door, but it's too late. He
text: then sprints to the end of the hall and down the stairs.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: running down the stairs and into the lobby. Seeing no sign
text: of Lynn, he races out the front door to see her pulling out
text: in a taxi. He can only stand and watch her disappear into
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: INT. THE INDIANS' BUS - DAY
text: We PICK UP Vaughn making his way to the back of the bus,
text: where Brown has his "office" on the last seat. Most of the
text: other players are asleep after a late night of partying.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: You wanted to see me?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Yeh, Rick. I just wanted to tell you
dialog: that I'm startin' Harris tomorrow
dialog: against the Yankees, even though
dialog: it's your turn in the rotation.
text: Vaughn says nothing, but he's clearly disappointed.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: He's got more experience and a little
dialog: better record against the Yankees.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Yeh, sure. Whatever's best for the
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Don't read anything into it, Rick.
dialog: You're one of the guys that got us
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Yeh, okay.
text: Vaughn turns and walks back up the aisle. Brown watches him
text: go, knowing he's still upset.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNICIPAL STADIUM - DAY
text: The Indian bus pulls up outside the Stadium, where a group
text: of several thousand fans wait. The players are showered with
text: cheers and applause as they file out.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Vaughn sits in the bar alone, nursing a beer, still troubled
text: by his demotion. He hears a sexy VOICE behind him.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You mind if I join you?
text: Vaughn turns around to see Suzanne Dorn. She's dressed to
text: draw blood, looking better than we've ever seen her. She
text: slides into the booth.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I don't think I'd be very good company
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Nothin'. Job problem.
text: Vaughn falls silent. Suzanne stares at him with a devastating
text: combination of sexual heat and tender admiration. She's
text: pulling out all the stops. Vaughn's a little flustered.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I'm, ah, a ball player.
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: I know, but that's not why I came
dialog: over. I don't chase ball players.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Why did you come over then?
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: Because you're the sexiest man I've
dialog: ever laid eyes on, and you look like
dialog: you could use a... friend.
dialog: We GO TO Vaughn. Forget it. He's a goner.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Vaughn has dozed off in the bed. Suzanne, is getting dressed.
text: Vaughn wakes up as she finishes.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Where you goin'?
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: I've gotta get home.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I didn't even get your name.
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: Suzanne. Suzanne Dorn
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (having heard that
dialog: name someplace before)
dialog: Suzanne Dorn?
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: Mrs. Suzanne Dorn.
dialog: (kissing him on the
dialog: forehead)
dialog: So long. You're a great kid.
text: With that she walks on out, leaving Vaughn dazed by the
text: knowledge of who he's just slept with.
scene_heading: THE HALL OUTSIDE VAUGHN'S ROOM
text: Taylor is coming back from the bathroom down the hall as
text: Suzanne comes out of Vaughn's room.
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: (nonchalant)
dialog: Hello, Jake.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hello, Suzanne.
text: Taylor is amazed by what he's just seen. As soon as Suzanne
text: is out of sight, he goes to Vaughn's room and opens the door.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Vaughn?
text: Vaughn is sitting on his bed in a state of disbelief.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I swear to God I didn't know who she
dialog: was.
text: Taylor nods that it's all right even though he doesn't believe
dialog: it.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: THE LIMO
text: pulling up outside the church. Lynn is helped out of the car
text: by her Father. As she starts up the steps, she sees that
text: both sides are lined by the entire Cleveland Indians team in
text: uniform. They form an arch of bats as she passes. At the top
text: of the steps is Taylor. Lynn stops as her father ushers her
text: mother on into the church.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You look beautiful.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Thank you. I didn't think you'd come.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I can't stay.
dialog: (indicating the team)
dialog: We gotta get to the park.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Good luck today, Jake.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh, you too.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Tell me one thing. The night you
dialog: came up to my hotel -- was there
dialog: really a library conference?
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: No, I came to see you.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Too bad it didn't work out better. I
dialog: just wanna say I'm sorry for all the
dialog: things I've put you through over the
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Even for last night?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Can't be sorry for that. Nothing
dialog: happened.
text: He says this with absolute conviction. Despite herself, Lynn
text: senses that he's telling the truth.
speaker_heading: LYNN
dialog: Then you weren't defending my honor
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I didn't have to. She knew she was
text: outclassed.
text: Lynn smiles. He gives her a kiss and watches as she goes
text: inside. He stands there a long beat, then turns and walks
text: slowly down the steps past his teammates.
scene_heading: INT. RACHEL PHELPS' OFFICE - DAY
text: Rachel is looking out at the empty stadium. There's a KNOCK
text: at the door.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Come in.
text: The door is opened by a Male Secretary and in steps Lou Brown.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Hello, Lou, what can I do for ya?
text: Lou puts a folded piece of paper on her desk.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I wanted to hand in my resignation
dialog: before you had a chance to fire me.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I know what you been tryin' to do
dialog: with this team. After the season, I
dialog: want no part of it.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well, I knew I could count on Charlie
dialog: to tell somebody. I was just afraid
dialog: he might take too long.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Why would you want him to tell
dialog: somebody?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: So you'd tell the team, hopefully
dialog: getting them mad enough to knock
dialog: themselves out trying to prove they
dialog: belonged in this league. I think it
dialog: worked.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: You tryin' to make me believe you
dialog: wanted us to win all along?
text: Rachel nods.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Bullshit. What about the plane, the
dialog: bus, the bad hotels...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: We were broke. We couldn't afford
dialog: anything better. Donald left the
dialog: team nearly bankrupt. If we'd had
dialog: another losing season, I would have
dialog: had to sell the team. I knew we
dialog: couldn't win with the team we had,
dialog: so I decided to bring in new players
dialog: and see how they'd do with the proper
dialog: motivation. There was never any offer
dialog: from Miami. I made it all up.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Why should I believe any of this?
dialog: Now that we're winnin' it's easy for
dialog: you to jump on the bandwagon.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: If I'd really wanted you to lose,
dialog: all I had to do was send the best
dialog: players back to the minors. But I
dialog: didn't, did I?
text: Brown has no comeback for this. He knows now that she's
text: telling the truth.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You think this was all an accident?
dialog: I personally scouted every member of
dialog: this team, except Hayes, of course.
dialog: He was a surprise. They all had flaws
dialog: which concealed their real talent,
dialog: or I wouldn't have been able to get
dialog: them. But I knew if anyone could
dialog: straighten them out, you could. And
dialog: if you tell them any of this, I will
dialog: fire you.
text: Brown can only shake his head at this whole thing.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I love this team, Lou. Go get 'em
dialog: tonight.
text: The two shake hands. Brown looks at Rachel a beat, still
text: looking for some sign of duplicity. Finally he gives her a
text: grudging smile of respect.
scene_heading: INT. THE TURK - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Taylor, Hayes, Vaughn and the others are getting ready to
text: board the bus to the stadium. Taylor pulls Vaughn aside.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I don't know what Dorn's wife is up
dialog: to, but I think it'd be best if you
text: dressed early and got out to the
text: bullpen before Dorn comes in.
text: Vaughn nods.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: (to Taylor)
dialog: We got a problem. Cerrano wants some
dialog: extra power for tonight. He's lookin'
dialog: to sacrifice a live chicken. We can't
dialog: have people pukin' in the locker
text: room before the game.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Tell him not to worry, I'll take
dialog: care of it.
scene_heading: INT. DORN'S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Dorn is ready to leave for the park.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Bye bye, honey, wish me luck.
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
dialog: Before you go, there's something I
dialog: wanta tell you.
dialog: Uh oh, we know what this is all about.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CLEVELAND MUNICIPAL STADIUM - NIGHT
text: The place is jammed. 75,000 screaming maniacs, most of them
text: decked out in war paint and head dresses. Some carry plastic
text: scalps with Yankee hats on them. Others have caps with the
text: European "No" insignia superimposed over a door mat.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: In the press box.
speaker_heading: COLORMAN
dialog: Here's your bourbon.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Won't need it tonight.
scene_heading: THE LOCKER ROOM
text: starkly quiet in contrast to the stadium outside. Each player
text: has retreated into his own world of concentration.
text: Dorn approaches Taylor, who's fitting heavy athletic braces
text: on both knees.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: You know where Vaughn is?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nope. Haven't seen him.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Let me know if you do. I wanna have
dialog: a little talk with him.
text: Dorn moves off.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
dialog: Where's my chicken?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It's comin' in now.
text: We see a Bat Boy enter with a bucket of fried chicken. Cerrano
text: looks at it in bewilderment.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: One whole chicken, like you said.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
text: But it no alive.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Believe me, Jo-Buu will like this.
dialog: He's gotta be gettin' tired of raw
dialog: chicken.
text: As Cerrano hefts the bucket somewhat skeptically and takes
dialog: it to his altar, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HARRIS
text: warming up in the bullpen. The tension of starting such an
text: important game shows in his face.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Hello, everybody, Harry Doyle bidding
dialog: you a Wahoo welcome from beautiful
dialog: Municipal Stadium, where tonight
text: before a capacity crowd of 75,000
dialog: screaming featherheads, the braves
dialog: of the Cuyahoga will leave their
text: teepees in search of Cleveland's
dialog: first League Championship in over 30
text: years. Standing in the way, their
dialog: long time nemesis, the New York
dialog: Yankees, the Big Boys of Broadway,
dialog: who have beaten the Indians like a
dialog: tom-tom all year long.
text: Down in the dugout, the players are lined up ready to take
text: the field. They exchange words of encouragement, hand slaps,
text: clenched fists, but all at a very low key level. This is
dialog: tension time.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: All right, guys, let's take it to
dialog: 'em.
text: The Indians charge onto the field to a standing ovation.
text: In the center field bleachers Thelma's victory blanket
dialog: containing the scores of every Indian game for the season,
text: hangs from a railing. Bobby, Vic and Johnny pound the tom-
text: toms leading the stadium in a monster version of "In the
text: Land of Burning Waters." Even the groundskeepers join in.
text: Two down in the first. Harris looking sharp so far... Bouncing
text: ball to third. Dorn up with it.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
text: Throwing the first pitch. The YANKEE HITTER grounds one to
text: Dorn who throws him out.
scene_heading: THE SCOREBOARD
dialog: 0-0 in the 3rd.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
text: striking out on a curve ball.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: robbing a Yankee of a home run by making a leaping catch
text: over the fence.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: picking a Yankee runner off first.
scene_heading: THE SCOREBOARD
dialog: 0-0 in the 5th.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
text: striking out on a curve ball, trying to check his swing.
text: Umpire emphatically punches him out.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Looking past him to the field. Harris is on the mound. There's
text: a runner on second.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Still nothing -- nothing, top of the
dialog: seventh, two down. Harris has been
dialog: in trouble all night, but has battled
text: his way out with the help of some
dialog: great defensive plays.
text: Harris comes set and delivers. The Yankee hitter, BURTON,
dialog: (L) swings and gets all of it.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Uh oh, this one's tagged. Deep center
dialog: field. Way back. Way back.
text: Hayes climbs up on the wall, but it's long gone. Home run.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: It's off the reservation, home run.
text: And the Yankees lead it 2-0.
scene_heading: RACHEL'S BOX (INSERT STORYBOARD # 209G)
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Shit.
text: Donovan is a little confused by this.
text: Burton trots around the bases and is greeted by jubilant
text: teammates at the plate. A silent pall falls on the stadium.
text: As the "2" goes up on the scoreboard, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: popping up and flinging his bat away in frustration. We take
text: CUTS of the worried fans, chewing fingernails, wadding up
dialog: programs, hanging their heads, etc.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: grounding out, obviously having trouble running. We take
text: CUTS of worried faces on the bench.
speaker_heading: DORN
text: stepping into the batter's box. The crowd is practically
text: sitting on its hands now. Hope draining away.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: Dorn up now, two down, bottom of the
text: seventh. The Indians running out of
dialog: chances.
text: Dorn swings at the first pitch and lines a sharp single to
text: left. The crowd and the Indian bench suddenly come alive.
text: Cerrano moves to the plate.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: That'll bring on Cerrano, hitless
dialog: tonight. As a matter of fact, he
text: hasn't touched the ball yet.
text: The crowd and bleacher band begins to clap as Dorn takes his
text: lead. Cerrano swings at the first pitch and misses. An audible
text: groan goes through the crowd.
text: The Yankee pitcher gets set again, and throws Cerrano a big,
text: roundhouse curve. He misses it a foot. Strike two.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Damn, havin' trouble with the curve
dialog: ball again.
speaker_heading: HAYES
dialog: We should've gotten him a live
dialog: chicken.
text: Cerrano steps out and begins to talk to his bat, gesturing
text: and pointing as if arguing with his wife.
speaker_heading: CERRANO
dialog: I pissed off now, Jo-Buu. I good to
dialog: you, I stand up for you. If you no
dialog: help me now, I say fuck you, Jo-Buu.
dialog: I do it myself.
text: Cerrano gets back in the box and digs in. The Yankee pitcher
text: comes to his stretch and delivers. Another big breaking curve
text: ball. Cerrano swings and knocks the crap out of it. Everyone
text: in the stands and on the bench jumps to their feet, rooting
dialog: for the ball to get out.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (STORYBOARD #212EE)
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Long drive, deep centerfield. Way
dialog: back. It might be. It could be. The
dialog: ball is... Downtown, welcome to the
dialog: Happy Hunting Ground. The game is
dialog: tied.
text: The fans go crazy as Cerrano circles the bases.
scene_heading: RACHEL'S BOX (STORYBOARD # 212GG)
text: Rachel jumps out of her seat, hands above her head. Donovan
text: hesitates a beat, then follows suit.
text: Cerrano carries his bat with him, holding it high above his
text: head. As Cerrano disappears into the dugout, we go to the
text: scoreboard as the 2 goes up.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (STORYBOARD # 212NN)
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Two down in the top of the ninth,
text: still tied at 2, Harris working on
text: an eight-hitter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: YANKEE HITTER
text: lining a single to right field. Harris mops his brow,
text: obviously tiring.
scene_heading: ANOTHER YANKEE HITTER
text: smashing a double off the wall, the lead runner stopping at
text: third. Brown signals to the bullpen to get somebody warm.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
text: on the mound, looking like he's out of gas.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: Activity continues in the pen, as
dialog: Harris is really digging himself a
dialog: hole now. He got the first two
text: hitters, and then gave up a single
text: and a double and has now gone 3-0 to
dialog: Cheevers.
text: Harris comes set and fires to the plate. It's way high.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: High, ball four and they're loaded
dialog: for Haywood, the biggest Indian killer
dialog: of them all.
text: Brown has seen enough. He makes his way to the mound.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (taking the ball from
dialog: Harris)
dialog: You pitched a hell of a game, Steve.
dialog: Take a seat and we'll see if we can
dialog: get this guy for ya.
text: Brown signals to the bullpen with his left hand.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Give me Vaughn.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You want Vaughn?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: I know he hasn't done real well
dialog: against this guy, but I got a hunch
dialog: he's due.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
text: striding in from the bullpen. He doesn't look relaxed. As he
text: nears the infield he purposely doesn't look at Dorn. Dorn
text: stares at him with undisguised venom.
text: As Vaughan gets to the mound, he sees Patton getting his
text: convict uniform on in the Yankee dugout. He looks away to
text: see Haywood in the on-deck circle smiling out at him.
text: Meanwhile, the CROWD has gone nuts at the sight of Vaughn.
text: Bobby, Vic and Johnny are blasting out "Wild Thing" on the
text: tom-toms and the whole stadium, 75,000 strong, is singing
text: it. Doyle just pushes the mic forward and lets the crowd do
dialog: it's work.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Okay, Ricky, Haywood likes the hard
dialog: stuff in. Curve him on the hands,
dialog: bust him away, and don't get up with
dialog: anything. You listenin' to me Rick?
text: Vaughn nods, but we can tell he's too nervous to have digested
dialog: any of that.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (Patting him on the
dialog: butt)
dialog: O.K., kid, you're my man. Let's go
dialog: get him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: C'mon Ricky, this guy is the out you
dialog: been waitin' your whole life for.
text: Brown and Taylor leave Vaughn alone on the mound, the SINGING
text: of the crowd ringing in his ears.
scene_heading: DOYLE (INSERT STORYBOARD #216N)
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: O.K. Vaughn has finished his warmup
dialog: and we're ready to...
text: No sooner has Taylor settled in behind the plate, than Dorn
text: starts toward the mound. Vaughn watches him come with fear
text: and trepidation.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (seeing it)
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: Dorn arrives at the mound, and holds out his hand for the
text: ball. Vaughn gives it to him. Dorn rubs it up, staring long
text: and hard into Vaughn's eyes. Vaughn is sweating bullets.
text: Finally Dorn speaks.
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: Let's cut through the crap. I only
dialog: got one thing to say to you. Just
dialog: rear back and strike this motherfucker
dialog: out.
text: He smiles and hands Vaughn the ball back. Vaughn returns the
text: smile and accepts the ball. While Dorn trots back to his
text: position, Vaughn turns his back to the plate for one last
text: moment of concentration. As he turns around to face us, we
text: see a new man as the wicked opening CHORDS of X's "Wild Thing"
text: are heard on the TRACK, only louder and more savage than
dialog: before.
text: Vaughn steps up on the rubber, his face hardened into fierce
dialog: resolve. There's nothing nervous about him now. This kid is
dialog: gonna make somebody pay.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: Haywood steps in, the American League
dialog: triple crown winner. .341 average,
text: 48 homers, 121 R.B.I.'s. He's homered
text: the only two times he's faced Vaughn.
text: Taylor sets down a sign. Two fingers for the curve ball.
text: Vaughn shakes it off. Taylor puts down another sign. Vaughn
text: shakes it off. Finally, Taylor puts down one finger -- the
text: fast ball. Vaughn nods with steely purpose.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: All right, Ricky, let's get nasty.
text: Vaughn winds and delivers a hissing blur toward the plate.
text: Haywood takes a ferocious swing and misses. Strike one.
text: We see the number 97 come up on the digital readout of the
text: SPEED GUN which a club employee holds behind the screen.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (to Haywood)
dialog: All right, looks like the boy is
dialog: pumped. Sucker was movin', wasn't
dialog: it? Ever hit ya, it'd leave a two
text: foot hole comin' out.
text: Taylor gets ready to flash another sign. The convict jumps
text: up and down trying to distract Vaughn. No way.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (for Haywood's ears)
dialog: Let's see, what should we call now.
dialog: Let's see how he feels about old
dialog: number one.
text: Taylor puts down one finger. Vaughn nods and then winds and
text: fires again, another blazing rocket. Haywood takes a wicked
text: rip, but doesn't get it. Strike two. 99 comes up on the gun.
text: The convict has stopped jumpin'.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nice swing, Haywood. Good follow-
dialog: through. Keep it up, I'll show you
text: the ball sometime.
text: The fans are going wild. They're all standing now, yelling
text: for a strikeout. Vaughn gets back up on the rubber with the
text: look of an animal sighting prey. Taylor gets down to give
dialog: the sign.
scene_heading: DUGOUT (INSERT STORYBOARD # 216R)
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Forget the curveball. Go with the
dialog: heater.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Well, shit, all these pitches to
dialog: choose from. Maybe we'll try somethin'
dialog: different this time.
text: Taylor wiggles his fingers around and then puts down the big
text: No. 1. Vaughn gives him a quick nod.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: And if I don't see you again, Haywood,
dialog: have a nice winter. Okay, buddy?
text: Vaughn goes into his windup and unleashes a screaming bullet
text: toward the plate. Haywood pulls the trigger, but it's already
text: by him. Strike three. 101 on the gun. Taylor leaps up and
text: gives Vaughn the fist. The fans are going berserk. MUSIC
dialog: ends.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, Lordy, three straight heaters
text: and the Yankees are blown down. No
dialog: runs, two hits, three left on, and,
dialog: are you ready, Cleveland? We go to
dialog: the bottom of the ninth, still tied
dialog: at two.
text: Doyle turns the mike off.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (to his color man)
dialog: Can you believe this, Monty?
text: Monty takes a big swig straight from the bourbon bottle.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: ANOTHER INDIAN HITTER
text: grounding out to short.
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: walking up to the plate.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
text: Two down in the ninth, Hayes steps
text: in hitting .291, trying to get
dialog: something going for the Tribe.
text: Taylor and the others yell encouragement to Hayes as he digs
text: in at the plate. The Yankee pitcher delivers and Hayes hits
text: a high bouncer toward short. The shortstop waits for it to
text: come down and then fires to first. Too late. Hayes streaks
text: across the bag, beating the throw by a hair. Once again the
text: CROWD comes to life.
text: The Yankee Manager comes to the mound and waves for a new
dialog: pitcher.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: And Horton is wasting no time. He's
dialog: goin' to the Duke.
text: Out of the pen comes BILLY DUKE, a good facsimile of Goose
text: Gossage only Duke is bigger and meaner.
scene_heading: (INSERT STORYBOARD #219M)
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Duke leads the league in saves,
dialog: strikeouts per inning and nose hairs.
text: The Duke finishes his warmups and stares over at Hayes. Hayes
text: smiles, snaps his black gloves out of his hip pocket, and
text: carefully pulls them on over his hands.
text: The Duke does not care for this kind of showmanship.
text: Brown comes over to talk to Taylor, who's been watching Duke
text: from the on-deck circle.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Ya know I'd be an ass not to pinch-
dialog: hit for you here. You're 0 for 18
dialog: against Duke. Plus you're beat to
dialog: shit you can hardly walk, there's no
dialog: way you can get around on this guy's
dialog: fast ball. So I want the absolute
dialog: truth here. Can you beat this guy?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeh.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Okay.
text: Taylor starts for the plate, as Duke finishes his warmups.
text: Brown comes down the dugout steps.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (to Pepper)
dialog: Send Hayes the first pitch. I don't
dialog: want Taylor takin' too many strikes.
text: Pepper begins flashing signs out to Hayes. Duke gets up on
text: the rubber and takes his stretch. Hayes leads away, crouching
text: low. Duke snaps a throw over to first, the first baseman
text: slapping a hard tag on Hayes, but Hayes is back.
text: The crowd is on its feet again. The "GO" chant starts,
text: punctuated by thousands of black-gloved hands punching the
dialog: night air.
text: Duke comes set again. Hayes leads away. Duke watches him,
text: checks him again. We go to SLOW MOTION as Duke kicks and
text: comes to the plate.
text: Hayes takes off like a shot, head down, eating up ground.
text: Taylor swings and misses. The Yankee catcher comes up
text: throwing, rifling a clothesline dart to second base. Hayes
text: leaves his feet diving for the bag. The second baseman snaps
text: down the tag. Too late. Hayes is in there.
text: The stadium is really rockin' now. Duke prowls the mound.
text: Taylor steps out of the box and flashes a sign to Brown.
speaker_heading: PEPPER
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Flashing some signals. That's a hell
dialog: of an idea.
text: Brown flashes a sign out to Hayes. A hint of a smile comes
text: over Hayes' face as he dusts himself off.
text: Taylor steps back in as Duke gets up on the rubber. Taylor
text: digs in his back foot, then points to the left field bleachers
dialog: ala Babe Ruth.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: What's this? Taylor is pointing to
text: the bleachers, calling his shot.
text: The crowd, electrified by Taylor's gesture, remains on its
text: feet. Duke stares in at Taylor, comes to his stretch and
text: then lets go a steaming fast ball right at Taylor's head.
text: Taylor goes down in a swirl of dust, the ball missing him by
text: inches. The stadium explodes with BOOS, but as soon as Taylor
text: picks himself up, the crowd begins to ROAR again.
text: Bobby, Vic and Johnny are pounding out a heavy beat on the
text: TOM-TOMS. Everyone in the stadium begins to CLAP in unison
text: with the DRUMS.
text: Taylor steps back in and once again points to the bleachers.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: (Taylor points again)
text: Unbelievable. They're on their feet
text: here, stomping, clapping. C'mon,
dialog: join in wherever you are out there.
dialog: Let's hear you, Cleveland.
speaker_heading: THE LONGSHOREMEN
text: and several of their friends at their bar, huddled around
text: the RADIO with the punks and heavy metal kids we saw before.
text: Slowly they begin to clap in time with the tom-toms which
text: are audible on the T.V.
scene_heading: THE BUSINESS EXECUTIVE
text: at the opera with his wife, a radio earplug in his ear. His
text: hand taps on his leg in sync with the TOM-TOMS.
scene_heading: THE TWO KOREAN GROUNDSKEEPERS
text: (Sc 222 before scene 221) beating on their shovels in the
text: bullpen.
scene_heading: LARGE APARTMENT BUILDING
text: FRAMED against the Cleveland skyline. In several of the lit
text: windows we see people banging things or clapping.
scene_heading: THE STADIUM AGAIN
text: Duke gets back on the hill. Getting the sign he wants, he
text: comes to his stretch, checking Hayes at second.
text: As Duke starts his delivery to the plate, we go to SLOW
text: MOTION. The clapping in the stadium stops as everyone hushes
dialog: to watch the pitch. We...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE LONGSHOREMEN, THE BUSINESS EXECUTIVE, THE GROUNDSKEEPERS
scene_heading: AND THE APARTMENT DWELLERS
text: They've all stopped too in anticipation of the pitch.
speaker_heading: THE STADIUM
dialog: Everything from here on will continue to be in SLOW MOTION.
text: As Duke whips his arm toward the plate, Hayes takes off for
text: third. Taylor, instead of swinging away, shortens up on the
text: bat and bunts Duke's pitch down the third base line.
text: The Yankee third baseman, caught completely unaware, charges
text: the ball frantically.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: barreling down the line toward first on his sore legs, giving
dialog: it everything he's got.
scene_heading: THE THIRD BASEMAN
text: scooping up the ball barehanded and firing on the run to
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: pounding down the line. He strains for the bag as the Yankee
text: first baseman stretches to his limit for the throw. Taylor
text: and the ball arrive at almost the same time. Taylor hits the
text: bag and then sprawls in the dirt as his knees give out.
text: The umpire brings up his arms, and spreads them wide. Safe.
dialog: Taylor's beaten it.
text: The first baseman looks up to see something that strikes
text: fear into his heart across the field. It's...
speaker_heading: HAYES
text: streaking for home, trying to score all the way from second
text: on a bunt.
text: The first baseman fires to the plate, as the catcher positions
text: himself for the throw. Hayes launches into a flying feet-
text: first slide. The catcher brings the tag down. Hayes hooks to
text: the outside, his trailing foot reaching for the plate.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Hayes is gonna try to score! Here
text: comes the throw. He slides. He is...
text: Hayes' foot catches the corner of the plate. The umpire puts
text: the palms down and whips them apart. It's all over, folks.
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION ENDS
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: ...Safe. The Indians win it. The
dialog: Indians win. Oh my God, the Indians
dialog: win it!!
text: Pandemonium breaks loose in Municipal Stadium. Rachel hugs
text: Donovan, dances around, punches the air, then hugs Donovan
text: again. Everywhere people are hugging and kissing each other.
text: Bobby, Vic and Johnny are going berserk in the bleachers.
text: Thelma sits quietly, a tear rolling down her cheek.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS
dialog: of our other fans. We see...
text: A) The Business Executive stand up and yell "Yes!" in the
text: middle of the opera. Several other men stand up and express
dialog: their excitement as well.
text: B) The Longshoremen whoop it up in their bar -- exchanging
text: fives and hugs with the punkers and heavy metal kids.
text: C) The various apartment dwellers dancing, clapping, yelling
text: out the windows.
text: D) The two Korean Groundskeepers just shaking their heads in
dialog: amazement.
text: E) Elsewhere in the stadium, the joyous exultation continues
text: unabated. The crowd pours onto the field as Hayes runs toward
text: Taylor and literally leaps into his arms.
text: F) The two spin around throwing their fists in the air.
text: G) Cerrano and Harris embrace. Dorn gives Vaughn a hug, then
text: steps back and decks him with a right hand.
text: H) Dorn pulls Vaughn back to his feet, and they hug again.
text: I) Up in the stands, Rachel watches all this with tears in
text: her eyes.
text: Taylor starts off the field when he sees something that
text: catches his eye. Standing by the field rail is Lynn. She
text: holds up her left hand and smiles. There's no ring on it.
text: Taylor races over to her as she jumps down from the rail and
text: hugs herself to him. We HOLD on the celebration as it swirls
dialog: all around them, and...
speaker_heading: ROLL CREDITS
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
