dialog: 
dialog: The Believer Script
speaker_heading: THE BELIEVER
dialog: by
dialog: Henry Bean
dialog: Story by
dialog: Henry Bean & Mark Jacobson
dialog: 2000
dialog: Final Shooting Script
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
dialog: "And God said to Abraham, 'Take your
dialog: son, your only son, whom you love,
dialog: Isaac, and go into the land of Moriah
dialog: and offer him there for a sacrifice
dialog: upon a mountain that I will show you..."
scene_heading: INT. YESHIVA CLASSROOM -- DAY
text: A run-down place. A dozen 12-year-old BOYS sit at old-
dialog: fashioned desks. These are not Hasidim, but Orthodox Jews:
text: normal American kids in yarmulkes. The teacher, RAV
text: ZINGESSER is young, overweight, acnescarred, good-humored.
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
dialog: And why did the Holy One -- blessed
dialog: be He -- do this? Why did he ask
dialog: Abraham to sacrifice his only son,
dialog: whom he loved?
text: Two boys off to one side: AVI (a smart, tough, brownnose)
text: and DANNY (the eternal dissident) argue under their breath....
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: Isaac wasn't his only son. Ishmael
dialog: was his son, too.
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD AVI
dialog: The only son he loved.
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: Oh, they only kill them when they
dialog: love them...?
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD STUART
dialog: (up front; answering Zingesser)
dialog: It was a test of Abraham's faith. Of
dialog: his devotion to God.
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: It's not about Abraham's faith. It's
dialog: about God's power. God says, "You
dialog: know how powerful I am? I can make
dialog: you do anything I want, no matter how
dialog: stupid. Even kill your own son.
dialog: Because I'm everything, you're nothing."
text: TITTERS. Danny looks around at his classmates: nerds,
text: wankers, nose-pickers. Two kids in back furtively read the
text: racing form under their desks. He hates them for their
text: indifference as much as he despises Stuart's piety or Avi's
text: ass-kissing.
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
dialog: But, Danny, if HaShem is everything,
dialog: and we are nothing how are we to
dialog: judge His actions?
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: We have free will and intelligence --
dialog: which God allegedly gave us....
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Anyway, God never lets Abraham kill
dialog: Isaac. He provides the ram so that --
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: Personally, I think that's a lie. I
dialog: think he did kill him.
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
dialog: You think?! Based on what?
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: There's midrash supporting this. My
dialog: father read a book by Shalom Spiegel
dialog: that -- Isaac actually died and was
text: reborn.
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
text: No one follows that midrash.
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: I do; I follow it. But okay, say God
dialog: provided the ram. So what? Once
text: Abraham raised the knife, in his
dialog: heart it was as if he'd killed him.
dialog: He could never forget that. And
dialog: neither could Isaac. Look at him:
text: he's traumatized, he's a putz for the
dialog: rest of his life. By the end he can't
dialog: tell Jacob from Esau....
text: The kids laugh. Zingesser CRACKS a ruler against a desk.
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
dialog: Watch your language....
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: (rising impassioned)
dialog: I think the whole Jewish people were
dialog: permanently scarred by what happened
dialog: on Mt. Moriah, and we still live in
dialog: terror....
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD STUART
dialog: Fear of God is the beginning of wisdom.
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: Fear of God makes you afraid of
dialog: everything. All the Jews are good at
text: is being afraid. And being sacrificed.
text: Oooo. CRACK, CRACK, CRACK. Even the guys with the sports
text: pages are shocked by that one.
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD STUART
dialog: Don't you believe in God?
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: I'm the only one here who does
dialog: believe. You say he's mysterious, yet
dialog: merciful. I see him for the power-
dialog: drunk madman He is. And we're
dialog: supposed to worship such a Deity?? I
dialog: say Never! I say...fight him. I say --
text: The ruler has been CRACKING from "power-drunk" on.... Now
text: Zingesser grabs Danny, yanks him out of his chair.
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
dialog: Avi -- ask Rabbi Springer to come
dialog: remove Danny from the class....
text: Avi rises, grinning, as...Danny struggles wildly to get free.
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
dialog: And you, if you had come out of Egypt,
dialog: you would have been destroyed in the
dialog: desert with those who worshipped the
dialog: Golden Calf.
scene_heading: 12-YEAR-OLD DANNY
dialog: Then let Him destroy me now. Let Him
dialog: crush me like the conceited bully He is.
dialog: (to the ceiling)
dialog: Go ahead. Kill me. Here I am. Do it!!
text: The class sits frozen in terror, waiting for God to kill
text: Danny. But nothing happens.
scene_heading: INT. YESHIVA STAIRWELL -- NIGHT
text: Danny runs down the steps alone.
scene_heading: EXT. RUN-DOWN COMMERCIAL AREA -- TWILIGHT
text: Danny walking home alone. He sees TWO KIDS (older, tougher,
text: blonder) coming toward him. He slips off his yarmulke and
text: slants across the street. The kids slant that way. He hears
text: a RUMBLING, looks up at an ELEVATED TRAIN entering a station.
text: He runs up the steps toward the SHRIEKING train....
scene_heading: INT. 7 TRAIN -- 1998 -- DAY
scene_heading: TITLE: 13 YEARS LATER
text: The train passes above used car lots, discount furniture
text: stores, residential side streets...finally pulls into a
text: station. The doors open. People file on, the CAMERA letting
text: them go by until it spots a tall, thin COLLEGE STUDENT in a
dialog: YARMULKE. Danny grown up?
text: PAN with him as he sits, opens an organic chemistry text. The
text: doors close. The train starts up, but the Jewish boy hardly
text: notices; he is already reading. He sways with the motion of
text: the car, half-hidden by other passengers. We realize he is
dialog: being watched.
text: REVERSE ANGLE: another YOUNG MAN, standing -- a "SUEDE-HEAD"
text: (his hair cut so short it's like a fine fabric).
text: SUEDE-HEAD'S POV: THE JEWISH BOY pushes his glasses back up
text: his nose, wipes the nose with a handkerchief, puts the
text: handkerchief away, and all the time his eyes have not left
text: the page. Suede-head steps between passengers and stands
text: directly over the Jewish boy. He looks down at the yarmulke
text: pinned to the stiff, wavy hair, at the oversized shirt
text: collar, scrawny neck, prominent Adam's apple, pimples,
dialog: dandruff, ingrown facial hair...
text: He steps closer, crowding the boy's knees. The boy shifts a
text: little without looking up. Subtly but relentlessly, Suede-
text: head pursues him along the bench until, unable to slide
text: farther, the boy flattens his legs against the seat. Suede-
text: head presses into the boy's knees.
text: The boy accidentally bumps a BUSINESSMAN to Suede-head's
dialog: left. The man (late 30s, Wall Street Journal, African-
text: American) looks from the boy to Suede-head and understands
text: at once what is going on.
text: Suede-head stares right back -- and the BUSINESSMAN returns
text: to his paper. Suede-head eases him aside and steps on the
dialog: boy's shoe.
text: SHOES -- A HEAVY BLACK BOOT PINS A BROWN WINGTIP TO THE FLOOR
text: The wingtip wiggles back and forth, finally working free.
text: The boy still hasn't looked up.
scene_heading: SUEDE-HEAD & THE JEWISH BOY
text: swaying, locked in a strange, silent intimacy. Suede-head
text: forces the boy into ever more contorted postures,
text: increasingly ridiculous denials of what is happening. And
text: the boy not only never stops reading the chemistry text, he
text: keeps highlighting relevant passages.
text: The train slows. The boy closes the book, caps the
text: highlighter, gathers his things and manages to stand up,
text: wriggling awkwardly around Suede-head. The doors open, he
text: gets off.
scene_heading: INT. STATION -- DAY
text: Looking up a long escalator, the Jewish boy riding down
dialog: toward us.
text: Suede-head arrives on the run at the top, races down a
text: flight of stairs, vaults the bannister, slides down a metal
dialog: slope....
text: Lands on his feet and comes to stand at the foot of the
text: escalator.
text: The boy rides inexorably down. At the bottom, he tries to go
text: around Suede-head who blocks this way, then another, driving
text: him into a corner.
text: The boy realizes he has nowhere to go -- finally turns to
text: face his tormentor. Their eyes meet for the first time. He
text: is actually bigger than Suede-head, but not nearly as strong.
text: He won't fight, is simply acknowledging what he can no
text: longer deny. There is even an odd relief that disgusts
dialog: Suede-head more than all the rest.
speaker_heading: SUEDE-HEAD
dialog: Fucking kike.
text: He slaps him in the face. He stumbles backward. As Suede-
text: head goes to hit him again, the boy holds his books in front
text: of him. Suede-head punches the books straight into his face.
text: The boy falls, curls into a fetal position. Suede-head kicks
dialog: him....
speaker_heading: SUEDE-HEAD
dialog: Get up.... Get the fuck up....
text: He won't budge. Suede-head punches him repeatedly until he
text: hears VOICES approaching. He runs back up the stairs to the
text: train and only as we FOLLOW him do we realize that he is our
text: protagonist. This is Danny grown up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S STUDIO APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Like his brain, the room is at once crowded and tidy and has,
dialog: so far as we can see, neither windows nor doors. Shelves of
text: books, CDs, magazines, videotapes loom over a neatly made bed.
text: Danny, in briefs and boots, is lifting weights. The phone
text: rings. A machine picks up: no outgoing message, only a BEEP.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Is this working? I'm trying to reach
dialog: Danny Balint...Danny, it's Vicki, we
dialog: met at Happy Jack's last month...?
text: He keeps doing curls.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I was hoping maybe we could...get
dialog: together again... Give me a call --
scene_heading: 718-555-0193.
text: She hangs up. A moment later Danny finishes the set, gasping
text: for air, heart pounding, muscles throbbing.
scene_heading: INT. SAME -- NIGHT
text: A radio is playing the news. Danny sits at a small desk, on
text: the phone and browsing the Internet, a take-out menu beside him.
speaker_heading: DANNY (INTO PHONE)
dialog: ...Is it completely vegetarian?
dialog: ...What do they make the stock
dialog: from?... Not chicken, you're sure?...
dialog: And no dairy... No, no cheese I don't
dialog: eat cheese... Yeah, all right. And
dialog: the tropical fruit shake... How long?...
text: Over this we see: COMPUTER SCREEN: GLIMPSES OF PASSING PHRASES:
text: ...ZIONIST OCCUPATIONAL GOV'T CONTROLS 78% OF THE SENATE, 62%
text: OF THE HOUSE...DYNAMITE CAN BE STOLEN FROM CONSTRUCTION
scene_heading: SITES & ROAD CREWS, PARTICULARLY IN MOUNTAINOUS AREAS...
scene_heading: CURTIS ZAMPF IN NYC 5/18...JEWISH PIMPS, DRUG DLRS &
text: ABORTIONISTS HAVE AS THEIR MAIN GOAL...CONVERTING THE GLOCK
scene_heading: 901 TO FULLY AUTOMATIC IS RELATIVELY SIMPLE. FIRST, REMOVE
text: THE FIRING PIN...
text: He HIGHLIGHTS the item about Curtis Zampf...
scene_heading: EXT. VOMPADINK -- TWILIGHT
text: A tough working-class Queens bar.
scene_heading: INT. VOMPADINK -- TWILIGHT
text: Men drink in clusters, including a group of skinheads....
text: Danny takes a place alone at the bar, drawing furtive
text: attention from the regulars. When the BARTENDER finally
text: comes over...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Vodka tonic.
text: A strange call for this place. As he waits, Danny turns and
text: watches the skinheads enough to make them aware of him.
text: The girls watch him, too. The skins don't like that. One of
text: them (Billings) seems ready to do something about it. The
text: others try to calm him, and when they look back, Danny has
text: left. He barely touched the drink.
text: The skins are puzzled, but one indicates his watch: time to
dialog: go. They gather their stuff....
scene_heading: EXT. CITY/INT. 7 TRAIN -- EVENING
text: Looking out the front of the train as it rushes toward
text: Manhattan. A dramatic sky rises above the skyline.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- NIGHT
text: The three skins -- O.L., CARLETON, BILLINGS -- walk up an
text: East Side street. Billings is telling a story....
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: ...So she takes the pants in back --
dialog: where they try them on? And I think
dialog: fuck it....
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Are you shitting me?? Right in the store?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: She's been giving me the eye. She's
dialog: hot. So I wait till the owner goes up
dialog: front....
text: During this, O.L. starts to SPRAY PAINT a crude SWASTIKA
text: onto a BUS KIOSK. A VOICE startles them....
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: What are you doing??
text: They jump, turn. Danny steps out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (indicating swastika)
dialog: What do you think you're doing?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (coming toward them)
dialog: Who am I?? Who are you, you schmucks,
dialog: you can't even make a decent
dialog: swastika.... Give me the paint.
dialog: (O.L. looks to his friends)
dialog: Give it to me.
text: Danny's will is stronger; O.L. hands over the spray can.
text: Danny shakes it, critiques O.L.'s rendering....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (gruff but avuncular)
dialog: It's too squared off. You got to
text: orient it up and down, diamond-shaped,
dialog: like this....
dialog: (sprays an excellent swastika)
text: ...The arms go clockwise.
dialog: (hands the can back)
dialog: You're going to Curtis Zampf; me, too.
dialog: Let's go?
text: They exchange looks: how did he know about Curtis?
speaker_heading: CURTIS ZAMPF (O.S.)
dialog: ...Where I grew up in South Boston
dialog: twenty years ago, when a kid walked
dialog: down the street, everyone knew who he
dialog: was...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Grand but threadbare. The skins enter: O.L. like a child,
text: Carleton like a sardonic adolescent, Billings like a
text: revolutionary, Danny like an uncrowned prince.
text: CURTIS ZAMPF is addressing a dozen or so guests. He is 40
text: but appears younger; with rough good looks, longish hair and
text: a leather jacket, he seems more like an aging rock star or
text: sexy novelist that a standard-issue American Nazi.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: ...If he ran out in front of a car,
dialog: some old Mick'd yell at him, "Jimmy
dialog: Dunne, get back on that sidewalk and
dialog: stay there...."
text: He does the Boston Irish accent so well, everybody laughs.
text: Up front we notice the only WOMAN in the room. She is in her
text: 40s, regal, beautiful, forbidding. Her name is LINA MOEBIUS.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: ...The day he graduated high school,
dialog: he'd go see his uncle down at the gas
dialog: works, or the priest's brother in the
dialog: shipyard, get his apprentice papers,
dialog: eight years later he'd be making
dialog: $16.50 an hour, have four kids, play
dialog: ball on Sundays in Columbus Park, and
dialog: when he died, the whole town'd get
text: drunk and cry over him....
text: The crowd -- nonunion electricians, white taxi drivers,
dialog: unemployed bookkeepers, failed academics, off-duty cops --
text: listens quietly.
text: During this, a young woman (CARLA) appears from the rear of
text: the apartment, heading for the kitchen with a coffee cup and
text: a history book. She glances into the living room.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: ...Today, when that kid walks down
text: the street it's full of trash and
text: half the faces are black. The
dialog: shipyard's closed, all the jobs at
text: the gas works are set-asides, and by
text: the time he drops out of school, he
dialog: can barely get a job at Burger King.
dialog: So he drinks, smokes crack, and when
text: he hangs himself on the front porch
dialog: at twenty-three, the only people at
text: his wake are a couple of buddies and
dialog: his mother. The boy's father won't
dialog: find out he's dead till six months
dialog: later.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The soul of this country is being
dialog: destroyed, and all the government can
dialog: offer is free trade, mutual funds and
dialog: IPOs.
speaker_heading: GUY DANIELSEN
dialog: You sound like a leftist.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I used to be one.... No, seriously, I
dialog: called myself an anarchist. I stood
dialog: up for the oppressed. I opposed state
dialog: power.
speaker_heading: AN OLD COOT
dialog: Don't you still?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I oppose the present state because
dialog: it's weak. It has been ever since the
dialog: left emasculated it over Vietnam. But
dialog: I think the average man is crushed
dialog: less by accumulated capital than the
dialog: loss of community or real leadership,
dialog: the personal emptiness he simply
dialog: cannot fill on his own....
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: That's why I'm a fascist. It's the
dialog: only form of government that
dialog: addresses our deepest needs.
text: Silence. Danny -- who has spotted Carla -- begins to clap, a
text: few others join in. Danny raises his hand; Curtis nods to
dialog: him....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What do you think the fascism of the
dialog: twenty-first century will look like?
text: Everyone -- including Carla -- turns to see who asked that.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: More cultural than political.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Obviously.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Decentralized, nonviolent,
dialog: increasingly mainstream. We'll see
dialog: antiabortion, anti-immigration groups
dialog: form alliances with the gun lobby,
dialog: Christian identity types, tax resisters
dialog: and even some libertarians....
text: The crowd seems impressed, but restless and bored.
speaker_heading: OLD COOT
dialog: What about race?
text: A stirring: many share the concern. Lina watches closely.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: This isn't the time for that.
text: Murmurs of surprise, disappointment.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I disagree.
dialog: (glances at Carla)
dialog: I think race is central to everything
dialog: we're talking about.
dialog: (murmurs of agreement)
dialog: Spiritual life comes from race. From
dialog: the blood. Without that, we're no
dialog: better than the Jews....
text: The magic word. The whole room comes alive. Zampf grimaces.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: What's wrong with the Jews?
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Carla...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Have you read Toynbee? Spengler?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Nobody reads that stuff anymore.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Too difficult?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Too Christian. You know Jameson? Paul
dialog: Virilio?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The point is, the modern world is a
dialog: Jewish disease.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Disease? What disease?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Abstraction. They're obsessed with
dialog: abstraction.
text: That stops the conversation. But Carla is intrigued; here is
text: someone whose mind moves in strange and interesting realms.
speaker_heading: VOICE (GUY DANIELSEN)
dialog: What would you propose?
text: The questioner is a young man (GUY DANIELSEN), better spoken
text: than the others. Danny feels all eyes on him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Killing Jews.
text: A tremor of fear and excitement ripples through the room.
text: Zampf glances at Mrs. Moebius; she is watching Danny intently.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: That would be a catastrophic mistake.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: People hate Jews. Do you agree?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: They used to. Today it's not an issue.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, but deep down, beneath the
dialog: "tolerance" they learn on television,
dialog: nothing's changed. The very word
dialog: makes their skin crawl.
dialog: (around the room people nod)
dialog: It isn't even hate, really. It's more
dialog: the way we feel when a rat runs
dialog: across the floor. We want to step on
dialog: it. Crush it. We don't even know why.
dialog: It's a physical reaction. Everyone
dialog: feels it.
speaker_heading: GUY DANIELSEN
dialog: Which ones would you kill?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Prominent Jews. Who are either
dialog: symbols in themselves or who
dialog: represent aspects of the Jewish
dialog: character people despise.
speaker_heading: GUY DANIELSEN
dialog: Such as?
speaker_heading: OLD COOT
dialog: Barbra Streisand.
text: Mutterings: "Who's she?" "Yeah, her..." But Danny says:
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Too obvious.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Kissinger...Dershowitz...Roseanne...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes. And Larry King...
speaker_heading: OLD COOT
dialog: Is he Jewish?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ...Leona Helmsley, Michael Eisner, Bob
dialog: Dylan, Phillip Roth, Ruth Bader
dialog: Ginsberg, Steven Spielberg, Winona
dialog: Ryder, Beverly Sills, Alvin Toffler,
dialog: Katherine Graham. All of them. But
dialog: not yet. We don't want celebrity
text: obscuring the issue.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Which is what?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: At first, no one will know why the
text: victims are being killed.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You wouldn't announce it?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'd say nothing. After two or three,
dialog: people will try to find a pattern. A
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: But when it comes out, the public
dialog: will be outraged. It will look like
dialog: Germany all over again.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Isn't that what we want? Germany all
dialog: over again? Only done right this time...
text: The crowd feels a deep atavistic thrill. Zampf glances at
dialog: Mrs. Moebius....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Without speeches or political parties.
dialog: A movement without leaders so that no
dialog: one can stop it...
text: The room is stunned to silence. Mrs. Moebius signals Curtis.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Okay, let's break this up for now....
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: Could you wait a minute...?
scene_heading: INT. SAME -- FIVE MINUTES LATER
text: Danny -- flushed with triumph -- stands looking down at the
dialog: city.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM -- MRS. MOEBIUS & CURTIS ZAMPF
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (low)
dialog: ...I thought we agreed, no anti-
dialog: Semitism...it's exactly what we're
dialog: trying to put behind us.... Trash the
dialog: blacks, fine; but...
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Did you see how they reacted to him?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Yes, of course. But that only plays
dialog: in this room, with people who aren't
dialog: embarrassed to call themselves Nazis.
dialog: If you want a modern fascism, you
dialog: don't mention Jews.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: It's a romantic movement, Curtis. It
dialog: always has been.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Lina, the Thousand-Year Reich barely
dialog: lasted a decade.... Do you really
dialog: want to go down that road again? In
dialog: America of all places, where
dialog: obedience and discipline are not
dialog: exactly the national virtues...
text: She looks over at Danny, now chatting with Carla....
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: He's very bright.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: He speaks well. But what do we do
dialog: with him?
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Let's find out who he is.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You mean who he really is.
speaker_heading: ON DANNY & CARLA
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You're not in school? What do you do?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I work at the Big Boy warehouse. In
dialog: Queens. I drive a fork-lift.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Where'd you read all that stuff?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I just read it....
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Young man...
text: He turns. She's beckoning to him. He gives Carla a look,
text: then crosses to her, sitting in a chair she indicates.
text: Curtis offers him a drink; he declines. Carla takes one.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Lina Moebius. And you are...?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Daniel Balint.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Balint?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's German.
speaker_heading: LINA (IN GERMAN)
dialog: What part of Germany are you people from?
speaker_heading: DANNY (IN GERMAN)
dialog: From the Rhineland originally.
speaker_heading: LINA (IN ENGLISH)
dialog: Are you with the FBI, Mr. Balint?...
dialog: Or any other law enforcement agency?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I was going to ask you the same thing.
text: Smiles, laughter. Everyone seems to relax.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: So what are you really after,
dialog: Daniel?... Do you just want to kill
dialog: Jews, or do you have something larger
dialog: in mind?
text: Carla watches, silent. Danny is aware of both mother and
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Without blood -- a willingness to
dialog: spill it -- there's no real power, no
dialog: authority.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: (pleased by this)
dialog: Curtis is afraid you'll marginalize us.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We're already marginal. We are saying
text: what no one else has the guts to say.
dialog: Isn't that precisely our appeal?
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: So what Jew would you kill first?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ilio Manzetti...former ambassador to
dialog: France. Managing partner at Damon,
dialog: Schwarzchild.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (to Lina, explaining)
text: An investment banking house.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: He's Jewish? Manzetti?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Totally. The family emigrated from
dialog: Bulgaria when he was eleven.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: How would you kill him?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'd have to research it, study his
dialog: routines, his security.... But
text: ideally on a New York street at
text: midday, using a small-caliber
text: automatic without a silencer.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Why no silencer?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You want it to be an event.
text: Lina stands, takes a sherry. Everyone else rises with her.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Danny, why don't you come visit us in
dialog: the country. We have young men with
dialog: lots of energy and no ideas. Maybe
dialog: you could give them something to
dialog: think about.... Bring your friends,
dialog: if you like....
text: As Curtis leads him toward the door, Danny looks around for
text: Carla, hears WOMEN'S VOICES arguing in German. Frustrated,
text: he goes down the stairs....
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- NIGHT
text: Danny and the other skins walking down the middle of the
text: street, drinking beer, oblivious to traffic.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Bring your friends.... We're not his
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Then I won't bring you....
text: The others laugh. Someone HONKS behind them. Billings turns:
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: FUCK YOU.
speaker_heading: BLACK VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, bonehead...get your moon ass off
dialog: the street.
text: Billings turns and throws his beer at the voice. A CRASH,
text: BREAKING GLASS, a screech of BRAKES, CAR DOORS open and shut...
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Why don't you go back to Rwanda and
dialog: give each other AIDS.
text: That does it. The skins run out of frame. SOUNDS of a fight.
text: Danny watches, indifferent, then finally joins in.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT LOCKUP -- NIGHT
text: The skins in a cell. O.L., head bloody, moaning and vomiting.
dialog: O.L.
dialog: I can't see....
text: Carleton comforts him. Billings paces, looks at Danny,
text: sitting against the wall, relaxed for the first time.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: What, do you like it here?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Read Mein Kampf? Hitler had all his
dialog: best ideas in prison.
scene_heading: OFF-SCREEN VOICE
dialog: Daniel Balint?
text: Danny looks up: a JAILER unlocks the cell. Carla appears
text: behind him. Danny stops without stepping through the open door.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm not leaving without them.
text: The other skins are surprised, moved. Carla and Danny stare
text: at each other. Finally she turns to the jailer....
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Can I use a credit card?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER, SUBWAY ENTRANCE -- NIGHT
text: A Mercedes pulls up, Carla driving. The skins climb out,
text: Carleton guiding O.L., who cannot see.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: He should go to a hospital.
dialog: O.L.
dialog: I'm okay.
text: Billings turns back, sees Danny still in the car.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: You coming?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: (glances at Carla, stays
dialog: in the car)
dialog: We'll go to the country sometime, okay?
text: Billings nods grudgingly. The car drives off. Carleton grins.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Fucking Danny, man...
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: He's an asshole.
scene_heading: INT. MOEBIUS APARTMENT -- TWILIGHT
text: Carla leads Danny through the darkened apartment.
scene_heading: INT. CARLA'S ROOM -- TWILIGHT
text: An old bookcase full of leather-bound German volumes...Danny
text: opens one marked Hofmannsthal. He tries to read a marked
dialog: passage.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: "...und die Worte zerfielen mir im
dialog: Munde wie modrige Pilze..."
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: "And the words fell apart in my mouth
dialog: like moldering mushrooms..."
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How come so many of the books are in
dialog: Spanish?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: They're my father's. He's from
dialog: Argentina. My mother's family went
dialog: there during the war. That's where
dialog: they met.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Are they still together?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: He's in a mental institution.... He's
dialog: been there for ten years, off and on.
dialog: Mostly on.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Is he a Nazi?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I guess. His parents are. He doesn't
dialog: care about that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What's he care about?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Killing himself.
text: They look at each other. There's that gulf between them that
text: they have to cross, but they're not sure how.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You think people ever commit suicide
dialog: out of happiness?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: That's stupid. Why would they?
text: He shrugs. She takes his hand, rubs the bruised knuckles.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You're not like the others, are
dialog: you?... Your friends.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes, I am. Basically I am.
text: She leans close, whispers....
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Hurt me.
text: He's surprised, but not very. He grabs her wrist, twists it.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Ow! That's too hard.
text: He pulls her out of frame. She starts to say something, but
text: it's cut off by another CRY OF PAIN. We keep looking out the
dialog: window....
scene_heading: INT. SAME -- LATER
text: The light has shifted across the city, and we hear only a
text: muffled sobbing.
text: The CAMERA TURNS to look at...Carla and Danny naked on the
text: bed. He lies back, reading the German book. She's curled on
text: her side, weeping abjectly. Still sobbing, she rolls over,
text: buries her face in his chest. We see that his neck is
text: scratched up.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Do it again....
text: She begins to fondle him. He ignores it until he finishes
text: the poem, then turns to her.
scene_heading: INT. SAME -- LATER
text: The light has shifted again. Danny sleeps alone, his face
text: strangely innocent. Carla drops onto the bed, shakes him.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Get up...you gotta go.
text: He opens his eyes. She's dressed, her hair wet from the
text: shower, a faint puffiness around her mouth. He pulls her
text: down to him.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: No, you have to leave. I've got to
dialog: write a paper.
dialog: (slaps his stomach hard)
dialog: Out!
text: He looks up. Her face is cold, indifferent. He gets to his feet.
scene_heading: INT. MOEBIUS APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Danny on his way to the door, hears something, turns...CURTIS
text: ZAMPF is coming out of a bedroom in his underwear. From
dialog: within...
speaker_heading: LINA MOEBIUS (O.S.)
dialog: Bring the paper, too.
text: Curtis now sees Danny. A look between them. Danny goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS, STAIRS TO ELEVATED TRAIN -- DAY
text: Once a Jewish neighborhood, now occupied chiefly by blacks,
text: Latins and more recent immigrants.
text: As Danny (wearing headphones) comes down the steps... TWO
text: BLACK KIDS (big, menacing, boombox) are coming up, blocking
text: his way. Danny walks right between them, forcing them apart.
text: They turn, glare after him. He turns, glares back. They
text: scoff and keep going up. He walks on.
scene_heading: EXT. OZONE PARK HOUSE -- DAY
text: He lets himself into a row house. We barely notice the
text: mezzuzah on the door post.
scene_heading: INT. OZONE PARK HOUSE -- DAY
text: A nearly vanished world of lower-middle-class Jewish life,
dialog: though the "Jewishness" (menorah, kiddush cup...) is
text: restricted to one dusty corner behind a secular chaos of
text: books, newspapers, half-empty cups, half-filled glasses...
text: Danny's FATHER, 55, sits on a faded chair, an oxygen mask on
text: a cart beside him. Danny's sister, LINDA, 30, is cutting his
text: hair with a scissors. When Danny enters, they both look up
text: at him in surprise, alarm, possibly even love. For a moment
dialog: no one knows what to do.
text: The father begins to wheeze, puts the mask over his face and
text: breathes deeply. Linda tells him to lean back; resumes
text: cutting. On the wall we see Danny's BAR MITZVAH PHOTO.
text: Meanwhile, Danny has found a stack of mail, all addressed to
text: him. His father and sister are visible behind him in a
text: mirror. Without speaking, he goes down the hall, and we hear
dialog: him DESCEND STAIRS to:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE, BASEMENT -- DAY
text: Danny has taken off his coat (revealing a black T-shirt with
text: a red swastika), and is going through a number of cardboard
text: boxes marked "D," pulling out comic books, baseball gloves,
text: martial arts gear, drawings of voluptuous women, morbid
dialog: gothic figures, gun magazines, books about Hitler,
text: Nazis...and finally a .22 AUTOMATIC stuffed in a blue sock.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE, BASEMENT
text: He removes the clip, checks the slide, while nodding to the
text: MUSIC coming through his earphones. He looks up, sees LINDA
text: at the foot of the stairs, pulls off the headset.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I knocked, you didn't answer.
text: It's too late to conceal the gun; he places it beside him.
text: She does her best to ignore the swastika shirt....
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I just came to get some stuff. I'll
dialog: be out in five minutes.
dialog: (off her)
dialog: He doesn't want me around.
text: She looks down as if that were not true, or the way in which
dialog: it is too complicated to go into.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: He's going to die.
dialog: (as Danny looks away)
dialog: He won't take his medicine. He eats
dialog: dairy. He probably still smokes when
dialog: I'm not around.
dialog: (off Danny's helpless gesture)
dialog: I asked him to come live with us.
dialog: Alex offered to share his room,
dialog: unsolicited.... But he didn't want to
dialog: be any trouble.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Then he couldn't be bitter about
dialog: living alone.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Why deprive him of his greatest pleasure?
text: They exchange what are almost smiles. But then the subject
text: she's been trying to avoid -- the only subject -- suddenly
text: erupts...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Ah, Jesus Christ, Danny, how can you
dialog: wear that thing?... You know what it
dialog: means? To your people...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They're not my people....
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Tell it to Hitler.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, he decides? Hitler's the chief
dialog: rabbi now?...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Is this because of those kids who
dialog: used to beat you up?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What kids?...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: The Polacks? From Sacred Heart?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nobody ever beat me up.
text: (as she sighs, turns to go)
dialog: Look, Linda, there're fifty reasons.
dialog: Even if you knew them all, there'd be
dialog: another fifty you didn't know.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Do you know them?
dialog: (off him)
dialog: I made him some noodles for dinner.
dialog: You can heat them up and --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I've got to get back to the --
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You can heat them up and eat with him.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, QUEENS HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Danny (now wearing a plain white T-shirt) bends over the
text: coffee table eating a noodle casserole and reading the Post.
text: His father eats off a TV table. He finishes, cursorily wipes
text: his mouth, picks up a remote and turns on the television.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's Friday....
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (a hoarse rasp)
dialog: Do I give a shit?
text: Danny holds up both hands: he's not arguing, simply informing.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: The Torah says not to light a fire on
dialog: the Sabbath, because it's work,
dialog: correct?
dialog: (Danny sighs)
dialog: But if alternating current's running
text: through the wires every second of
dialog: every day, and I throw a switch, send
dialog: it here instead of there, how is that
dialog: lighting a fire?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: "Do chickens give milk?"
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Exactly.
text: He channel-surfs until he comes to a stand-up COMIC doing a
text: routine. They both watch.
dialog: TV: the COMIC is funny in a brutal, compulsive way. Lots of
text: pop references, implicit postmodern nihilism. The routine
text: reflects what Danny (and the Shiites, the Unabomber, Timothy
text: McVeigh, T.S. Eliot, et al.) have against the modern world.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Dennis Leary.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Leary?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No.
text: The father grunts with grim satisfaction, he suspected as much.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (offering consolation)
dialog: Howard Stern.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Obviously.
dialog: Danny sighs: why bother. But adds...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Adam Sandler.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Funny?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Not like Mr. Dorfmann.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: He was funny.
text: As they watch, apropos of nothing:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: After your mother died, that's when
dialog: you stopped going to shul. Doing your
dialog: homework. Everything.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And that's when the Mets started to
dialog: stink.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: 'Cause they got rid of Johnson. He
dialog: knew how to deal with the assholes.
dialog: Dallas Green, please...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Valentine...
text: The father snorts. On TV the comic gets off a line, and they
text: both laugh. Their laughs are quite similar; they glance at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: There's some maple walnut in the freezer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Linda says you're not supposed to
dialog: have dairy.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Just a little... What's the difference?
text: Danny goes into the kitchen. The father extracts a pack of
text: Salems from between the cushions, lights one, takes a
text: desperate drag... The phone RINGS. He curses, stubs it out,
text: grabs the phone.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Yeah?... Hold on.... It's for you.
text: Danny gives his father a dish of ice cream, takes the phone.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hello...?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Daniel Balint? My name's Guy
dialog: Danielsen. I'm a reporter with the
dialog: New York Times.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (impressed, suspicious)
dialog: New York Times...?
text: His father looks up. Danny takes the phone into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I'm doing a piece on right-wing
dialog: groups, post Oklahoma City. I hear
dialog: you're an important figure in those
dialog: circles. You have a lot of interesting
dialog: ideas....
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who told you that?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Isn't it true?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, it's...yeah, it's true, but...
dialog: how'd you get this number?... No, not
dialog: here... Maybe Sunday? There's a place
text: off Queens Blvd. Near the courthouse...
scene_heading: EXT. COFFEE SHOP, QUEENS -- DAY
text: A HIGH-ANGLE view of the coffee shop. After a moment, Danny
text: enters frame, starts toward it....
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP, QUEENS -- DAY
text: Danny enters, looks around. To his surprise he sees GUY
text: DANIELSEN from the Nazi meeting rising, extending his hand.
speaker_heading: GUY DANIELSEN
dialog: Danny...Guy Danielsen...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sardonic, now he gets it)
dialog: You...
text: Guy shrugs, smiles apologetically.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE -- DANNY & GUY WITH COFFEE
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Milk...?
text: As Danny declines, Guy gets out a small cassette recorder,
text: is about to turn it on, when he notices Danny's reaction....
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Is it okay if I record this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No... Yeah, fine, go ahead... So
dialog: what's this about? Is this about me?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I'm trying to figure out where the
dialog: radical right is going to next....I
dialog: thought you were the most interesting
dialog: person at that meeting.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about Curtis Zampf?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Curtis is a politician -- and a bit
dialog: of a hustler. He's not a thinker.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I agree.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: The other night you said the modern
dialog: world is a Jewish disease. Could you
dialog: elaborate on that?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: In the movement -- the racialist
dialog: movement -- we believe there's a
dialog: hierarchy of the races. Not just in
dialog: IQ, but in the civilization, the art,
dialog: the forms of government, the
dialog: civilizations that each race
dialog: produces... Why are you writing this
dialog: down if you're recording it?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: It helps me concentrate.... So does
dialog: that mean you're a white supremacist?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What should I be, a white inferior-
dialog: ist? A multicultural Zulu egalitarian?
dialog: Let me ask, where are your people from?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: My mother's family is French, my
dialog: father's was German, originally.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: German. Mine, too. So who do you
dialog: think's given more to the world, the
dialog: Germans -- Beethoven, Goethe,
dialog: Nietzsche -- or the entire continent
dialog: of Africa? Ibos, Bantus, Mandingos...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Danny, what about the Jews?
text: Danny shifts in his seat, growing more interested....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The Jews are different.... Blacks are
dialog: disgusting and inferior, but it's
text: like criticizing a retarded child.
dialog: The Jews are...a poison in the human
dialog: well....
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: A poison...?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Let me give you an example.... Sexuality.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Sexuality??? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You ever fuck a Jewish girl?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What??!?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Did you ever fuck one, Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (laughing, embarrassed)
dialog: What's that go to do with...I've gone
dialog: out with a, with Jewish women. Why?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And? WHat did you notice?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Notice? Like what...?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Jewish girls like to give head, right?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I don't know. Is that right?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And Jewish men like to get it.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Everybody likes to, don't they?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes. It's very pleasurable. But the
dialog: Jews are obsessed with it. You know why?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Because the Jew is essentially female.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Female...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Real men -- white, Christian men --
dialog: we fuck a woman. We make her come
dialog: with our cocks. But the Jew doesn't
dialog: like to penetrate and thrust -- he
dialog: can't assert himself that directly --
dialog: so he resorts to perversions. Oral
dialog: sex is technically a perversion, you
dialog: know that, don't you?
dialog: (as Guy nods)
text: After a woman has been with a Jewish
dialog: man, she never wants a normal partner
text: again. A normal man.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Does that mean the Jew is the better
dialog: lover?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're not listening. He isn't better.
dialog: He gives pleasure, but that's
dialog: actually a weakness.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Danny, what makes you think you know
dialog: all this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Let's just say I've done due diligence.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: So, fine, it's not that the Jew, the
dialog: Jews own the media and the banks.
dialog: It's that they're sexually corrupt.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The Jews clearly control the media
dialog: and the banks. Investment banks, not
dialog: the commercial ones. But the point is
dialog: they carry out in those realms the
dialog: same principles they display in
dialog: sexuality. They undermine traditional
dialog: life; they deracinate society.
text: Danny leans over to make sure Guy's getting it right.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Deracinate... Tear out the roots. A
dialog: people -- a real people -- derives
dialog: its genius from the land: the sun,
dialog: the sea, the soil. This is how they
dialog: know themselves. But the Jew doesn't
dialog: have soil.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: He has Israel.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Those aren't Jews.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Of course they're Jews.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Notice the Israelis: a fundamentally
dialog: secular society. They no longer need
dialog: Judaism because they have soil. The
text: real Jew is a wanderer, a nomad. He
dialog: has no roots, no attachments. So he
dialog: "universalizes" everything. He can't
text: hammer a nail, plow a field. He can
dialog: only buy and sell, invest capital,
dialog: manipulate markets. He takes the life
dialog: of a people rooted in soil and turns
dialog: it into a cosmopolitan culture based
dialog: on books, ideas, numbers. This is his
dialog: strength....
dialog: (pumped; this is what
dialog: he loves)
dialog: Take the great Jewish minds: Marx,
dialog: Freud, Einstein. What have they given
dialog: us: communism, infantile sexuality
text: and the atom bomb. In a mere three
dialog: centuries since these guys emerged
dialog: from the ghettos of Europe, they've
dialog: taken us from a world built on order
dialog: and reason and hurled us into a chaos
dialog: of class warfare, irrational urges
dialog: and relativity, a world where the
dialog: very existence of matter and meaning
dialog: is in doubt. Why? Because it is the
dialog: deepest impulse of the Jewish soul to
text: unravel the very fabric of life until
text: nothing is left but thread, nothing
text: but nothingness. Nothingness without
dialog: end...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Are all Jews the same?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Differences exist, of course, but
dialog: they're irrelevant. For the Jew, his
dialog: Jewishness dominates everything. Even
dialog: the ones who renounce it, who hate it,
dialog: who want to cut it out of their
dialog: hearts a knife...can't escape.
dialog: They're still just Jews.
text: Guy finishes writing that and looks up.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Danny, this is great. You're
dialog: incredibly articulate. One more
dialog: thing... How can you believe this when
dialog: you're a Jew yourself?
text: A beat. Danny smiles at the mistake....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What? Excuse me?...
dialog: (Guy says nothing)
dialog: You're kidding, right?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Do you know Rabbi Stanley Nadelman?
dialog: He used to be at Congregation Beth
dialog: Elohim in Ozone Park...?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who? How would I know him?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: He says you were bar mitzvahed there,
dialog: in March 1988.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You believe that? And you call
dialog: yourself a reporter?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: So you're saying it's not true.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look at me. DO I look Jewish? Look...
text: He indicates his hair, turns sideways to show his profile?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Were you ever bar mitzvahed anywhere
dialog: else?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Do you know who you're fucking with here?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: That's what I'm trying to find out,
dialog: Danny. Who am I fucking with here?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sputtering, unsure
dialog: what to say)
dialog: Listen to me....
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Why would Nadelman lie?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: To discredit me. Because I know who
dialog: they are. Look, I thought I explained
dialog: it to you. Those people can say or do
dialog: anything. And they will. It's all
dialog: narrative to them, it's... Are you
dialog: going to print what this guy said?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Give me a reason not to.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's slander. It's reckless disregard.
dialog: I'll sue you and your fucking Jew paper.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Does that mean you deny what he says
dialog: is true? Yes or no.
text: GUN: pulled from Danny's pants, slammed down on the table...
text: Guy sits back abruptly. Danny picks it up, cocks it....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look at me. Look at me, Guy.... Oh,
dialog: now you can't look at me? Look at me,
dialog: you schmuck. Look at me....
text: (pokes the gun in Guy's face)
dialog: You print that shit in the New York
dialog: Times...I'll kill myself.
text: Everyone in the place is staring. Danny walks out, stuffing
text: the gun in his pants, shoving a man aside to get to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY -- DAY
text: Traveling through low, tree-covered mountains listening to
text: the overture to Tannhuser.
scene_heading: INT. VAN -- DAY
text: Carleton driving; O.L. (one eye bandaged) riding shotgun. In
text: back: Billings and Danny (flipping through a Times.)
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Do we have to listen to this shit?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Why'd we have to leave so fast?
dialog: O.L.
dialog: Nobody made you go.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Danny's running from the law.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: O.L., how come your mother gives you
dialog: a car when you're too fucking blind
dialog: to drive?
dialog: O.L.
dialog: (cackling)
dialog: She says 'cause now I can't crack it up.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Hey, O.L., assholes at four o'clock.
text: O.L. leans out the window, giving dual "birds" to an empty
dialog: street.
dialog: O.L.
dialog: FUCK YOU, ASSHOLES. SUCK MY DICK!
text: The others laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. DEFUNCT MOTEL -- TWILIGHT
text: The van stopped in front. All of them out of the car. No
text: one's around except the noisy CRICKETS. The city kids are
dialog: uneasy.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: I thought there were people here....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'll go look....
text: He walks toward the back. Billings decides to go with him.
dialog: O.L.
dialog: I better stay with the van....
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Yeah, you better stay here and guard it.
text: O.L. gives him the finger. Carleton laughs -- but he stays
dialog: back, too.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MOTEL -- TWILIGHT
text: Danny and Billings see PEOPLE in back. Now NINE YOUNG MEN
text: and a bulldog come to greet them: survivalists, speed-freaks,
text: skinheads...and one blank loner (DRAKE) with a blue swastika
text: tattooed to his lips like a tiny kiss. A case of STEROID
text: EXCESS fixes his gaze on Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We're from New York. Curtis Zampf
dialog: invited us.
speaker_heading: WHIT
dialog: Who?... Curtis who?
text: Are they in the wrong place? Then someone laughs, they all
text: relax, exchange greetings, obscure handshakes. Everyone's
dialog: just getting comfortable when, for no apparent reason...
scene_heading: STEROID EXCESS
text: slugs Danny in the face.
text: He stumbles backward. The others crowd around, keep him from
text: falling, also from getting away. Billings starts to help,
dialog: but people grab him: this is Danny's problem.
text: Steroid comes at him.... Danny steps inside the charge and
text: goes to work on the bigger man's body. We barely see what
text: happens, but we hear it and feel the crowd's shock. Danny is
text: stronger than we realized and much more vicious. In seconds,
text: Steroid sinks to his knees, face bloody. Danny holds up him,
dialog: leans close:
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Enough?
text: Steroid mumbles in the affirmative. Danny nods -- then hits
text: him four more shots to the face. Even this crowd winces.
text: Steroid drops with a wet thud.
text: As Danny straightens up, wiping the blood off his hands,
text: people instinctively step back.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Which was his room?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: (ferrety, glasses)
dialog: Number ten.
text: On the end: has an extra window. Danny walks into the room.
text: Steroid's stuff starts flying out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL PORCH -- NIGHT
text: Danny on a pay phone.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, I'm trying to reach Carla, is
dialog: she?... Did she get my other
dialog: message?... No, I'll call back....
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL PORCH -- NIGHT
text: Danny hangs up the phone, glances into a room where we dimly
text: glimpse Nazis taking drugs, drinking beer, screaming...
speaker_heading: VARIOUS VOICES
dialog: Fucking niggers... Fucking niggers?
dialog: Fucking gooks!...
text: Then incomprehensible shrieking rage, a fight, breaking glass...
text: Danny sighs, bored. He spots two nerdy Nazis, KYLE and WHIT,
text: playing some battle re-creation board game and rehashing
dialog: WWII....
speaker_heading: WHIT
dialog: ...Look, if Hitler had knocked out
dialog: the RAF in '39, which he could easily,
dialog: easily have done, he'd have taken
dialog: England, and the U.S. wouldn't have
dialog: had --
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: ...A staging ground for the invasion,
dialog: yeah. But he blew it going after
text: civilian targets. Just like he blew
text: the Russian front, diverting supplies
dialog: to Auschwitz....
text: Danny looks up the hill toward a farmhouse perched above
text: them. One light burns inside.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Where's Mrs. Moebius?
speaker_heading: KYLE
text: Her place is down the road. But she
dialog: just comes out for weekends sometimes.
text: Danny squats to look at the board game.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What is this, Stalingrad?
speaker_heading: WHIT
dialog: Gettysburg. But we're refighting it
dialog: with World War I technology. It's a
dialog: fucking bloodbath.
text: He grins maniacally. Danny smiles. Kyle is emboldened by
text: Danny's unexpected friendliness, lowers his voice....
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: That was unbelievable what you did to
dialog: Lucas. The guy's an animal.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You could do it.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Get out of here....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You look right through him. He's
dialog: there, but there's something on the
dialog: other side of him that you want. It's
dialog: all you want. And whatever's in the
dialog: way doesn't matter.... Then it's easy.
text: As Kyle and Whit contemplate his wisdom...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Either of you know anything about
dialog: explosives?
text: They both look up, very interested.
scene_heading: TWO FAMILIES IN TABLEAU -- WOODEN CUTOUTS -- DAY
text: Jews: MAN (black hat, beard), WOMAN (sheitl, shawl), BOY
text: (kippah, twerpy), GIRL (fat, ugly), even a DOG, a Star of
text: David on its side.
dialog: Blacks: MAN (watermelon, pitchfork), WOMAN (fat, fried
text: chicken), BOY (syringe, 9mm), GIRL (twins, welfare check),
speaker_heading: DOG (black).
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Take a breath, let out a little,
dialog: relax, then squeeze.
dialog: (a RIFLE SHOT;
dialog: nothing's hit)
dialog: Again...
text: Another SHOT. A bullet hits the Jewish boy in the rear end.
text: Sunlight streams through the hole. We are:
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MOTEL -- DAY
text: Danny peers down the barrel of an M-16. Kyle squats beside him.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Which one were you aiming at?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The mother.
text: Kyle nods, patient, is drawing Danny's attention back to the
dialog: target when...
speaker_heading: DRAKE
text: Sets up beside them, begins squeezing off rounds so fast, it
text: sounds like an automatic weapon.
text: TARGETS: the bullets chew up and knock over all four Jews.
text: And selectively: shooting the man's face, the woman's
text: breasts, the boy and girl in the groin. The dog he merely
text: flattens.
text: Drake looks at Danny without expression, drops the clip,
text: shoves in a fresh one and riddles the black family in
dialog: similar fashion.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL PORCH -- NIGHT
text: Danny, pay phone to his ear, flipping through a New York
text: Times. He throws it aside as a voice comes on the line....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Carla?... It's me, Danny...Danny
dialog: Balint...? We met at that...[meeting
dialog: at your house.]
speaker_heading: CARLA'S VOICE
dialog: Yeah, I remember.... Kill any Jews yet?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I didn't realize you cared.
speaker_heading: CARLA'S VOICE
dialog: I don't. I was just curious how full
dialog: of shit you were.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Did you know that there was a New
dialog: York Times reporter there that night?
speaker_heading: CARLA'S VOICE
dialog: Really, which one? I bet it was the
dialog: guy with the Prada shoes.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I didn't notice his shoes.... Did
dialog: your mother know he was there?
speaker_heading: CARLA'S VOICE
dialog: I doubt it. How did you find out?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He called me up. He wanted to talk to
dialog: me about my ideas.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I bet. He didn't realize that nobody
dialog: who talks such a good game ever plays
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You weren't complaining about my play
dialog: last time.
speaker_heading: CARLA'S VOICE
dialog: That's a much easier game.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why don't you come visit, we'll have
text: a rematch.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Too many good players down here. I'm
dialog: with one right now.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, really?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Bigger and better.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Then how come you're talking to me?
speaker_heading: CARLA'S VOICE
dialog: I'm not.
text: Click. She's gone. He hangs up, walks straight into...
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Nazis sprawled about, drinking beer, impassively watching TV.
text: The bulldog pants on the floor. Carleton calls to it:
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Gas Chamber...
text: It trots over, receives a scrap of food. Everything desultory:
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to the whole room)
dialog: When are we going to do something?
text: People glance up wearily: give us a break....
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN -- DAY
text: Danny, Billings, O.L., and Drake walk through the town,
text: looking for trouble. A couple of local TEENAGERS watch them,
text: impressed by the swastikas, tattoos, swagger.
scene_heading: INT. DELICATESSEN -- DAY
text: Two WAITERS (Jewish college students, athletic, confident)
text: watch the Nazis come in. One indicates to the other that
text: he'll handle this. He brings menus, water; he's carefully
dialog: polite.
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: You know what you want?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: We sure do.
text: The Waiter ignores the innuendo, readies his order pad.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
text: Ham and cheese on white.
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: (forbearance)
dialog: We don't have ham. We don't have cheese.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: What the hell do you have?
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: That's what the menus are for.
text: He smiles. Billings glares.
dialog: O.L.
dialog: Roast beef and Swiss.
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: I said: no cheese.
dialog: O.L.
dialog: What's wrong with cheese?
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: This is a kosher restaurant. We don't
dialog: serve meat with dairy.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about chicken?
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: That's meat.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The Bible only says don't seethe a
dialog: kid in its mother's milk. But
dialog: chickens don't give milk.
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: Look, you want cheese, go someplace else.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: But it's stupid, right? You admit
dialog: it's stupid.
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: No, I don't admit it's stupid.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You can have chicken with eggs but
dialog: not with milk. Why is that?
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: I'm not here to talk about religious
dialog: law, if you don't like --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: But you already talked about it: you
dialog: said it's not stupid. Why isn't it
dialog: stupid?
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: (calling the other Waiter)
dialog: Steve...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Steve's going to explain it.
text: Steve approaches, a sawed-off broom handle over his shoulders.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: We have a problem here?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: We sure fucking do. We don't
dialog: understand why you can't eat chicken
text: with milk. It doesn't make sense.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (an intellectual)
dialog: Religion isn't about making sense.
dialog: It's about --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's about the incomprehensible,
dialog: Steve, not the idiotic.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That explains it! Now we understand!
text: The Nazis laugh. Steve swings the broom handle at Danny...who
text: ducks it, grabs it, slams it back at him.... GAVEL RAPS...
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM -- DAY
text: A JUDGE (white-haired, red-faced, blue-eyed, well-meaning)
text: peers down at the four NAZIS, still bruised from the fight.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
text: ...As the altercation appears to have
dialog: been instigated equally on both sides,
dialog: prison terms strike the court as
dialog: excessive.
text: The Nazis are relieved. Spectators disappointed.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: However, the defendants' political
dialog: views suggest that they might profit
dialog: from contact with members of our
dialog: community whose experiences differ
dialog: from their own....
scene_heading: INT. A SOCIAL ROOM -- DAY
text: NUMBERS TATTOOED ON AN ARM...a thumb steadily smooths the
dialog: skin as:
speaker_heading: RUMANIAN WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: (Rumanian accent, uninflected)
dialog: ...When I refused to have sex with
dialog: him, the warden had my sister, Esther,
text: executed in front of the entire block....
text: The Nazis, accompanied by a "HATE COUNSELOR" (male) sit in
text: plastic chairs opposite five elderly JEWS. The speaker is in
text: her late 60s, still something of a beauty.
speaker_heading: RUMANIAN WOMAN
dialog: ...Everyone considered it my fault.
dialog: After that, of course, I did anything
dialog: he wanted.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Why didn't he just rape you?
text: SNICKERING among the Nazis, a whispered crack:
dialog: O.L.
dialog: Who'd want to fuck her anyway?
speaker_heading: HATE COUNSELOR
dialog: I hear one more remark like that, we
dialog: go back to the court for resentencing.
speaker_heading: RUMANIAN WOMAN
dialog: He was a pig, like you, so perhaps he
dialog: had no taste.
text: The Nazis laugh. The Jews try to calm the woman, though she
text: has spoken without any evident emotion. Billings gets up
dialog: restless.
speaker_heading: HATE COUNSELOR
dialog: Sit down, please.
dialog: (as Billings sits)
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Cohen. Mr Liebowitz,
dialog: you indicated you had a story you
dialog: wanted to tell....
scene_heading: INT. SAME -- LATER
text: Nazis are dozing, staring out the window. O.L. threads a
text: piece of dental floss through the zipper pull on his
text: trousers. Danny is visibly disgusted by the whole business.
dialog: Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: POLISH MAN (O.S.)
dialog: ...The man was afraid to let us hide
dialog: on his farm any longer, but he agreed
dialog: to take us to a more remote place. On
text: the way he was stopped at a checkpoint,
dialog: and when the soldiers found us in the
dialog: hay, one of them grabbed my son out
dialog: of my arms. He began to cry, so I
text: reached for him, not to take him back,
dialog: simply...
text: THE MAN: mid-70s, tall, stooped, a crushed spirit.
speaker_heading: POLISH MAN
dialog: ...simply to assure him I was there.
dialog: But the sergeant became enraged....
dialog: He stuck his bayonet in my son's
text: chest, and lifted him up, impaled on
dialog: it. My son was three years old....
text: Billings is muttering, "What a load of crap..." The Hate
text: Counselor looks over sharply. The other Nazis are stunned by
text: the story. Danny can barely contain himself, though we are
dialog: not sure why.
speaker_heading: POLISH MAN
dialog: ...He held him up so that the blood
dialog: spurting out of him feel on my
text: face.... The soldiers were laughing.
scene_heading: FLASHCUT: EXT. A COUNTRY ROAD -- DAY
text: A horse hitched to a hay wagon; FARMER driving. THREE NAZI
text: SOLDIERS have discovered a Jewish family hiding in the hay.
text: A sergeant is holding up something unseen on the end of his
dialog: rifle.
text: The Polish man who has been telling the story looks up at
text: whatever it is. Blood falls on him. The Nazis are laughing.
speaker_heading: POLISH MAN (O.S.)
text: When the blood stopped, the sergeant
dialog: pushed my son off the bayonet and
dialog: said, "There, you can have him now...."
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE: INT. A SOCIAL ROOM -- DAY
text: The room is silent. The Nazis faces blank, shaken. Until...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And what did you do?
speaker_heading: HATE COUNSELOR
dialog: What are you trying to say?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What did you do while the sergeant
dialog: was killing your son?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Forget it, Danny, it's all bullshit.
speaker_heading: HATE COUNSELOR
dialog: Wait a second...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to Billings)
dialog: Shut up.
dialog: (to man, mid-70s)
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: RUMANIAN WOMAN
dialog: What could he have done?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What could he have done?? You fucking
dialog: kikes...
speaker_heading: HATE COUNSELOR
dialog: You can't say that....
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: The Nazi's killing his kid. He
dialog: could've jumped the guy. He could've
text: gouged his eyes out, grabbed the
dialog: bayonet and gutted him.... What would
dialog: you have done if they were killing
dialog: your son?
text: The counselor is briefly confused....
scene_heading: RUMANIAN WOMAN & OTHERS
dialog: ...They'd have shot him on the
dialog: spot.... He would have been dead in
dialog: two seconds.... Who are you judge?
speaker_heading: HATE COUNSELOR
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: Please sit down.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: SO THEY SHOT HIM! SO HE WAS DEAD. SO
scene_heading: WHAT. HE'S WORSE THAN DEAD NOW. HE'S
text: A PIECE OF SHIT...
speaker_heading: HATE COUNSELOR
dialog: Okay, that's it. You're going back to --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (over him, to Polish man)
dialog: What do you think you should have done?
speaker_heading: POLISH MAN
dialog: And you, you think you know what you
dialog: would have done? You have no idea.
dialog: You can't even imagine what that was
dialog: like. And you never will....
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Don't listen to them, Danny. It's all
dialog: a bunch of crap.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT JEW
dialog: What is crap?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: The so-called Holocaust. It never
dialog: happened. It's the hoax of the
dialog: twentieth century.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (disgusted with this idiocy)
dialog: Oh, please...
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Danny, it's true. There were no six
dialog: million. At most, two hundred
dialog: thousand Jews died in the camps. And
dialog: the majority of them were from
dialog: disease and --
dialog: The Jews are shouting about historical records, the
text: disappearance of families, whole towns.... But Danny is louder:
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Where did you read this? Robert
dialog: Faurisson?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: (surprised he knew)
dialog: Yeah. He's a respected scholar. Even
dialog: No-am Chomsky says he --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Billings, if Hitler didn't kill six
dialog: million, why is he your hero?...
dialog: Concentration camps all over Europe,
text: and he only gets rid of a measly two
dialog: hundred thousand.... He's a putz.
text: Some surprise that a Nazi is arguing against a denier.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT JEW
dialog: Hitler was not a putz. Hitler was
dialog: real. God created him to punish the
dialog: Jews for abandoning God.
text: The other survivors are embarrassed by this, but the Ancient
text: Jew ignores them.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT JEW
dialog: It is you who are putzes. Little
dialog: pishas with your dreams of hatred and
dialog: killing...
text: Danny scoffs, gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: HATE COUNSELOR
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ...We have nothing to learn from
dialog: these people. They should learn from us.
text: As Danny walks out, the Ancient Jew catches his eye.
speaker_heading: ANCIENT
dialog: And what should we learn from you,
dialog: Daniel?
text: Her use of Danny's name feels knowing, slyly invasive. All
text: SOUND VANISHES for a beat, and Danny barely manages to say:
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Kill your enemy.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL -- DAY
text: Kyle opens the trunk of his car, shows Danny inside: two
text: bags of shotgun powder and several lengths of metal piping
text: with screw-on caps.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Green dot -- shotgun powder. For pipe
dialog: bombs.
dialog: (off Danny's reaction, smiles)
dialog: A guy in a lumberyard gave it to me.
dialog: A donation to the cause.
speaker_heading: CARLETON (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Danny.... Guess who's here....
text: (as Danny quickly slams
dialog: the trunk)
dialog: Your girlfriend... She's up at the house.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARMHOUSE -- DAY
text: In the driveway: Carla's Mercedes, a Triumph motorcycle.
text: Danny peers in through the windows, goes to the door.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE, LIVING ROOM -- DAY
text: Danny sees Carla sitting on a green sofa wearing a white
text: sundress and leafing through a magazine. Curtis is mixing
text: drinks. Lina is practicing with her stylus on a new
dialog: electronic organizer.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: My L's keep coming out as C's....
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (spots Danny)
text: The prisoner returns....
text: Danny greets them all. Carla barely looks up.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Danny, get a drink and come talk to me.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Danny talking with Lina and Curtis but watching Carla.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: ...Insulting people who were in the
dialog: camps. ...What's the point?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They're liars and cowards.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I'm sure they are. But what do we
dialog: accomplish by pointing it out?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's the truth....
text: Curtis rolls his eyes. Lina signals him to lay off.
speaker_heading: LINA MOEBIUS
dialog: Danny, what do you think of our troops?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (trying to be diplomatic)
dialog: They have guts. And they know what
dialog: they hate...which is good. But they
dialog: have no idea why; they don't think,
dialog: they don't read.... They're on beer
dialog: and crank half the time....
text: A phone RINGS in another room.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: The young people in this country...
dialog: They're like pigs; all they want is
dialog: happiness.... But one needs pigs
dialog: sometimes.
dialog: (as it RINGS again; to Carla)
dialog: Liebchen...
text: Carla puts down her magazine, goes out to the kitchen.
text: Danny's eyes follow her, and Curtis's follow his.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Do you feel you're making progress here?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You mean Ilio Manzetti?
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Forget Manzetti.... Take on something
dialog: simple. Something you can actually
dialog: accomplish.
dialog: (to Curtis)
dialog: Maybe he'd be more valuable in the city.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: An urban type.
text: Danny is stung. Carla calls from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CARLA (O.S.)
dialog: Danny...telephone.
text: He starts: who could be calling him here? As he goes into
text: the kitchen to take the phone, Curtis says quietly...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: He's mad, Lina, you know that.
text: She hears him but doesn't respond.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Danny picks up the phone; there's a New York Times beside it.
text: Carla busies herself about the kitchen.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: You know what today is?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Linda... How did you get this number?
speaker_heading: LINDA'S VOICE
dialog: It's Mom's yartzeit.
text: Danny starts to hang up, sees Carla watching, turns away
text: keeping his voice low.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How did you get the fucking number?
speaker_heading: LINDA'S VOICE
dialog: I want you to say kaddish for her.
dialog: It's the only thing she asked from us....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't do that.
speaker_heading: LINDA'S VOICE
dialog: You do it on the inside....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don't tell me what I --
speaker_heading: LINDA'S VOICE
dialog: ...I want you to do it on the outside,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: LINDA'S VOICE
dialog: Yes!
text: He hangs up. He grabs the Times, looks through it quickly.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Who's Linda?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (dropping the Times)
dialog: Why won't you talk to me?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I'm talking to you right now. Who's
dialog: Linda?
text: He tries to kiss her. She pushes him away.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: When can I see you?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You can't.
speaker_heading: LINA (O.S.)
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Carla, it's time to leave.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I have to go visit my father.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Your father??
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: He's at a home out here.
text: She starts to walk past. He grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm coming to your room tonight.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: No.
text: She tries to pull free; he won't let her go.
speaker_heading: LINA (O.S.)
dialog: Carla!
speaker_heading: CARLA
text: Just after midnight. Five past... But
dialog: don't come through the house, they'll
dialog: hear you. I'm in the back bedroom,
text: second floor. Climb onto the kitchen
dialog: roof, I'll leave the window open.
text: He tries to kiss her, but she ducks away and goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/INT. O.L.'S VAN -- EVENING
text: Danny is parked opposite a fortresslike building of soiled
text: brick. For a long time he cannot bring himself to get out.
text: Finally he opens the door....
scene_heading: INT. AHAVAT TORAH, FOYER -- EVENING
text: A LARGE WOMAN, about 40, her body barely contained by a
text: brilliant magenta dress, greets him with a smile the size of
text: a wedding cake. She holds out a prayer book stuffed with flyers.
speaker_heading: LARGE WOMAN
dialog: Shabbat shalom.
text: She speaks quietly, not wanting to disturb the service, yet
text: even so her voice is huge, and her flashing eyes clearly
text: expect some kind of enthusiastic response. Within we hear
text: the ALENU being chanted.
text: Danny ignores her and the proffered siddur. A basket of
text: yarmulkes seems to infuriate him, but he snatches one anyway
text: and, conveying a helpless disgust, puts it on his head. From
text: within he hears...
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION (O.S.)
dialog: (in rough unison)
dialog: Ba-yom, ha-hoo, ba-yom, ha hoo...(etc.)
text: He stands with his hand on the door, but not opening it.
speaker_heading: RABBI'S AMPLIFIED VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: On that day, the Eternal shall be One.
dialog: And His Name shall be One....
text: The organist plays a brief decrescendo....
speaker_heading: RABBI'S AMPLIFIED VOICE
text: The mourner's kaddish can be found on
dialog: page 187....
speaker_heading: LARGE WOMAN
dialog: Is anything wrong?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Shut the fuck up.
text: She's startled but not intimidated, is about to respond,
text: when Danny simply turns and walks out of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAVAT TORAH -- EVENING
text: He stops beneath an open window through which he hears...
speaker_heading: RABBI'S AMPLIFIED VOICE
dialog: ...Grant us peace, thy most precious
dialog: gift, O Thou Eternal source of peace.
dialog: We recall with loving memory those
dialog: whom Thou hast summoned unto thee.
dialog: And we mention by name...Sophie
dialog: Budnitz...Bernard Schwabb...Milton
dialog: Lifter...Aaron Lustig...Minnie Baum...
text: Danny closes his eyes, but at the end adds, under her breath:
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ...Harriet Kantor Balint...
text: A half dozen VOICES, including Danny's, recite in unison...
speaker_heading: DANNY & OTHERS
text: Yis-ga-dal v'yis-ka-dash sh'may ra-bo...
text: The body of the congregation joins in on certain phrases,
text: producing a subtle and solemn music. Danny chants the entire
text: prayer, and the moment it ends, and the rabbi begins the
dialog: benediction....
speaker_heading: RABBI'S VOICE (AMPLIFIED)
dialog: May the Lord bless you and keep you....
scene_heading: EXT. AHAVAT TORAH/STREET -- EVENING
text: ...he starts toward his car. But the Rabbi's VOICE seems to
text: follow him, unnaturally loud and clear:
speaker_heading: RABBI (O.S.)
dialog: May He cause the light of His
dialog: countenance to shine upon you and be
dialog: gracious unto you....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Eat shit....
speaker_heading: RABBI (O.S.)
dialog: ...May you be blessed in your going
dialog: forth as you were in your coming....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (shouting to the empty street)
text: EAT SHIT, ASSHOLES....
speaker_heading: RABBI (O.S.)
dialog: And let us say...
speaker_heading: RABBI & CONGREGATION
dialog: (with organ; singsong)
dialog: Ah -- ah -- ah....men....
text: As Danny reaches the van, he sees the LARGE WOMAN silhouetted
text: in the open doorway....
speaker_heading: LARGE WOMAN
dialog: YOU EAT SHIT.
text: Danny realizes he's still wearing the kippah. He throws it
text: at her, but it only goes a couple of feet. He catches it,
text: throws harder. This time it floats back toward him, and he
text: has to jump out the way to keep it from hitting him. He gets
text: in the car and drives off.
text: A WRISTWATCH: 12:05. We are:
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Danny hoists himself onto the kitchen roof. Above him is an
text: open window, candlelight flickering. He starts into the room,
dialog: stops....
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Carla sits on the bed, straddling Curtis, who lies beneath
text: her. She is looking right at Danny. Curtis, unaware of him,
text: keeps thrusting into her from below.
text: Danny starts to leave, but on second thought stays. Carla
text: stares expressionless, yet more attentive to him than to
text: Curtis. Indeed, their eyes never leave each other, so that
text: when she becomes aroused, we understand that it is Danny she
text: is responding to, Danny she is really making love to.
text: Gradually her face loses its aloofness and seems to reach
text: out to him, to reveal feelings that she can no longer deny.
text: She holds her gaze until, at the final instant, she shudders
text: out a series of stifled cries.
text: When she looks again, the window is empty.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S MOTEL ROOM -- DAY
text: Danny reading. A KNOCK at the door. He looks up, Curtis
text: comes in. Danny stiffens at the sight of him, but Curtis is
dialog: friendly.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What are you reading?
text: Danny tilts the book to show him: History of Political
dialog: Philosophy.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Leo Strauss...
dialog: (nods approvingly)
dialog: I've got to go to Boston. I came to
dialog: say goodbye.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about Mrs. Moebius and...?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: They left an hour ago.
dialog: (off Danny's disappointment)
dialog: You mind some personal advice? Forget
dialog: Carla. That's not the side your
text: bread's buttered on.
dialog: (off Danny's silence)
dialog: How soon can you get back to the city?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A week or so. There's something I
dialog: want to do here first.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What's that?
dialog: (off Danny's silence)
dialog: Okay. Surprise us...
scene_heading: INT. DARKNESS -- NIGHT
text: The sound of SPLITTING WOOD. Then VOICES in a cavernous space...
speaker_heading: CHAOS OF VOICES
dialog: Ow, shit... You're stepping on my
dialog: fucking -- ...Get off me...Goddammit...
text: (sounds of PUNCHES, a SCUFFLE)
dialog: Stop it!... Where's the light?
text: One appears, illuminating nothing, dissipating into the
text: still vaster darkness. A SERIES OF LIGHTS bang on in
text: ecclesiastical bursts, illuminating: a vaulted ceiling...
dialog: stained glass panels... We are:
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE SANCTUARY -- NIGHT
text: A dour, ornate place built in the early decades of the
text: century. The sight of it silences everyone for a moment. Then...
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Jew World...!!
text: Drake, Billings, Carleton, O.L. and Steroid run wild...
text: kicking over benches...spray-painting swastikas...hurling
text: prayer books...urinating from the balcony...
text: ...Danny looks around like someone revisiting his childhood
text: home: slides his hand along a pew back...leafs through a
text: chumash...gazes up at the eternal lamp behind its red
text: glass...the gilded doors of the ark... A hint of Kol Nidre
text: MUSIC haunts him....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to himself, barely a
dialog: whisper)
dialog: Shut up. Fuck you....
speaker_heading: KYLE (O.S.)
dialog: What...?
text: Danny turns; Kyle is right behind him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nothing. Where is it?
dialog: (as Kyle hoists a
dialog: sports bag)
dialog: Okay, let's take one of these panels
dialog: off so we can get under the bema...the
dialog: stage.
text: As they unscrew a panel, Carleton runs past. A football
text: flashes overhead. We hear GLASS BREAK...LAUGHTER.
scene_heading: INT. UNDER THE STAGE -- NIGHT
text: DANNY WATCHES KYLE attach a bomb (four sticks of dynamite
text: wired to a digital timer) to a 2x4 with a bungee cord. He
text: hooks the ends, cautiously lets go. The cord springs free.
text: The bomb falls.
text: Kyle gasps. Danny catches it.
text: Frozen, they look at each other. Kyle exhales, takes the
text: bomb and, with Danny holding it, carefully restrings the
text: bungee. A MECHANICAL NOISE overhead:
speaker_heading: STEROID (O.S.)
dialog: Wow, look at this shit....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What are they doing?
text: Kyle has no idea and doesn't care. Danny scrambles out.
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY -- NIGHT
text: Straightening up, Danny is stunned by a vision:
scene_heading: THE OPEN ARK -- THE TORAHS
text: ...their silver crowns and breastplates, velvet robes. And
text: Steroid Excess, lifting one out. Danny reacts with an
text: instinctive horror.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What are you doing? Put that down!
dialog: ...Put it back in there.
text: Steroid -- cowed by Danny -- starts to obey, but before he
dialog: can...
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: What do you care?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't, but...
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: (vaults onto the stage)
dialog: Let's look at the fucking thing.
text: Each CURSE makes Danny wince, but he just hovers about
text: nervously as Billings and Steroid try to unwrap the Torah
text: while others gather, some comically wrapping themselves in
text: tallises.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Put it there, on the...
text: He indicates the bema, stepping back as if to deny any
text: involvement, yet at the same time trying to monitor
dialog: everything they do.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (indicating crowns, the
dialog: yod...)
dialog: Just be careful with the...
dialog: O.L.
dialog: (puts a crown on his head)
dialog: "If I were king of the forest...not
dialog: Prince, not Duke, not Earl..."
text: Danny cannot endure this desecration, but everyone else
text: laughs, so he keeps his mouth shut.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Open it up.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (impulsively taking over)
dialog: Here...
text: He shoves his way in and, gripping the handles, unrolls the
text: Torah. Low MURMURS at the sight of the broad columns, the
text: mysterious calligraphy, the CRACKLING parchment. Danny
text: himself is struck by the sudden immediacy of the sacred text.
dialog: OVER this...
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Oooo... Weird... You read it from
dialog: right to left.... The letters look
dialog: like squashed bugs.... What kind of
dialog: paper is that?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's not paper, it's parchment. It's
dialog: made from sheepskin. And all the
text: letters are drawn by hand.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Neat calligraphy.
text: Danny nods, then, as if against his will....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's called the flame alphabet. It's
dialog: supposed to be the word of God
text: written in fire.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Fire...
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: The mystics tried to read the white
text: spaces around the letters. They
dialog: thought there was a whole alternative
text: language hidden there, with secret,
dialog: alternative meanings.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Cool.
text: Danny sees Drake watching him, smirks to express his disgust.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: How come you know all this shit?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How come you don't know it?
dialog: (pressing the advantage)
dialog: How can you say you hate the Jews
dialog: when you don't know anything about --
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Fuck you. I hate the Jews at least as
dialog: much as you do.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, you don't.... If you hated them,
dialog: you'd study them, so you'd know why
dialog: you hate them. You know what tefillin
dialog: is? Tsitsis? Shotness? You know the
dialog: kaddish from the kiddush?
dialog: (obviously not)
dialog: Eichmann? He went to Israel. He
dialog: studied the Torah, the Talmud, the
dialog: Mishnah, the whole bit. He hated Jews.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Who's Eichmann?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who's Eichmann?!!?
text: Danny's incredulous, though it's not clear how many of the
dialog: others know why Eichmann was.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: He was head of the Gestapo's Jewish
dialog: sector. He deported people to the camps.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: (reaching toward the parchment)
dialog: Can we touch it?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, but not on the letters.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Why the fuck not?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (warning finger)
dialog: Just don't.
text: Billings bristles at Danny's authority; Carleton says to him...
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Didn't you see Raiders of the Lost Ark?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: That was an ark, man. That was a
dialog: Torah. They fucked around with it,
dialog: and the Torah melted their faces.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: That's a movie, you moron.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Fine, go ahead. Touch the letters.
text: The others are gathered around, delicately touching the
text: sheepskin.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Let me see.
text: He pushes through, looks at the Torah. He runs his fingers
text: over the crinkled parchment, the smooth black letters.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I said not on the --
text: Suddenly Billings grabs the parchment in both hands and
text: tries to tear it. It's tougher than it looks.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Stop it! What are you doing?
text: He tries to stop him, but -- accidentally or not -- Drake
text: gets in the way, and before Danny can do anything else,
text: Billings crumples it and finally tears a long gash into the
dialog: scroll.
text: This produces a strange effect on the others. Some (Kyle,
text: Steroid, Drake) join in. They knock the aitz off the bema,
text: it rolls out, exposing ten feet of Torah. They stamp on it,
text: spit on it.... Others (Carleton, O.L.), though less troubled
text: than Danny, are surprised (and embarrassed) by their own
dialog: revulsion at these acts.
text: Danny watches helplessly, like the survivor who did nothing
text: as his son was murdered.
text: Finally the Torah lies torn and soiled on the stage. A
text: strange silence.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: ...Danny kneels by the Torah. With a tallis, he attempts to
text: clean the parchment. Carleton and O.L. help him roll it onto
dialog: the aitz. [Echo "Christ taken down from cross" with Torah as
dialog: Christ.] They replace the cover, the yod, the crowns....
text: Finally Danny lifts it up, holds it to him as if it were his
text: dead child. He closes his eyes, murmurs to himself....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Shema yisrael adonai elohenu adonai
dialog: echod.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nothing. Let's go....
text: He starts to walk out, carrying the Torah.
speaker_heading: CARLETON
dialog: Why are you taking that?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm stealing it.
scene_heading: EXT. AHAVAT TORAH -- DAY
speaker_heading: A VIDEO IMAGE:
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: ...Tragedy was barely averted today
dialog: at Temple Ahavat Torah when a bomb
dialog: planted under the bema failed to
dialog: detonate....
speaker_heading: KYLE (O.S.)
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: ...Authorities say that if it had,
dialog: injuries and loss of life could have
dialog: been in the dozens....
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S MOTEL ROOM -- DAY
text: Danny, Kyle and others watching the TV.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER VOICE
text: Channel 8's Cindy Pomerantz spoke to
dialog: Rabbi Malcolm Weiss.
text: ON TV: Cindy (sleek, sexy) and the rabbi (handsome, vain).
speaker_heading: CINDY (ON TV)
dialog: Rabbi, how is it that disaster and
dialog: tragedy were averted here today at
dialog: Ahavat Torah?
speaker_heading: RABBI (ON TV)
dialog: Apparently the power cell in the
dialog: timer gave out precisely thirteen
dialog: minutes before the device was set to
dialog: go off. So we can only conclude that
dialog: once again God has intervened to save
dialog: the Jewish people....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (giving the finger to
dialog: the TV)
dialog: Oh, fuck you...
speaker_heading: RABBI (ON TV)
dialog: As you know, Cindy, thirteen is a
dialog: mystical number in the Jewish faith.
dialog: We believe that God has thirteen
dialog: attributes...
text: Danny is beside himself.
speaker_heading: RABBI (ON TV)
dialog: ...Of which the highest is ein sof,
dialog: which means "without end," or,
dialog: sometimes, "nothingness without end...."
speaker_heading: CINDY (ON TV)
dialog: Nothingness without end.... That's
dialog: very interesting.
speaker_heading: RABBI (ON TV)
dialog: The purest form of spirit...
text: ON DANNY. Sound fades. He's haunted: "Nothingness without
dialog: end" was what he'd told Guy Danielsen the Jews were obsessed
text: with. He seems to hear the cello playing "Kol Nidre" again.
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Okay, everybody out. Get out.
text: He switches off the TV. Shoves them out the door, slams it.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S MOTEL ROOM -- LATER
text: Alone he sits at the desk, finds himself gazing at the Torah,
text: standing in a corner of his closet, draped in the tallis.
text: He slams the closet door, it bounces open. Slams it again,
text: making sure it latches.
text: He sits down, looks at the closed door until, in bitter
text: resignation he gets up and opens it again.
text: He unrolls the Torah on the bed...Scotch tapes the tear
text: closed...attempts to clean the stain with a moistened cloth.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S MOTEL ROOM -- DAY
text: Danny is in the bathroom in front of the mirror, holding his
text: shirt up with his chin as he wraps the tallis around his
text: torso. When he lowers the shirt, the fringes hang out like
dialog: the tsitsis that Orthodox men wear.
text: He feels a weird loathing for this, but he smooths and
text: arranges the tsitsis to look just like a Hasid's. He clicks
text: his heels together and gives a Nazi salute.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Alenu l'shab'ach la'adon hacol...
text: Another Nazi salute. A KNOCK at the door. He hides the
text: fringes under the shirt, throws a blanket over the Torah.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STEROID (O.S.)
dialog: Phone, Danny.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL -- PAY PHONE -- DAY
speaker_heading: GUY'S VOICE (PHONE)
dialog: Danny Balint...Guy Danielsen, New
dialog: York Times.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (tucks in the tallis
dialog: fringes)
dialog: What do you want? What happened to
dialog: your article?
speaker_heading: GUY'S VOICE (PHONE)
dialog: I couldn't get my editor to run it,
dialog: but I bet he will now that you've put
dialog: a bomb in a synagogue. That was you,
dialog: wasn't it, Danny?
text: Danny hangs up. Stands there. A VOICE makes him jump....
speaker_heading: VOICE (DRAKE)
dialog: Hey, Danny, want to kill a Jew?
text: Danny turns: it's Drake. These are the first words he's spoken.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET/INT. CAR -- DAY
text: Danny and Drake pass a low-slung modern synagogue. A sign
text: announces: AMBASSADOR ILIO MANZETTI Friday, August 31. Danny
text: reacts, startled...Drake smiles.
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: Park up there, we'll walk back.
scene_heading: EXT. CONGREGATION BETH SHALOM -- TWILIGHT
text: The building is lit. Within we hear an AMPLIFIED VOICE,
text: presumably Manzetti giving a speech. We can't make out the
text: words. Danny and Drake are hidden among the rhododendrons
text: flanking the parking lot. Danny is watching a door in the
text: side of the building and eating a sandwich as Drake loads a
text: scoped rifle.
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: Lie on your stomach and come up on
dialog: your elbows.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: You want to kill a Jew. I already did.
text: Danny assumes the prone position, Drake sets the rifle in
text: his hands.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who'd you kill?
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: Four. But no one this important.
text: We hear APPLAUSE within as the speech ends.
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: Okay, it's over. He'll take a couple
text: questions, then come out.... Sight
text: down the rifle toward the door.
text: THROUGH RIFLE SCOPE: Danny pans from the side door -- where
text: TWO MEN are smoking -- to a waiting limousine.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How did you know they were Jews?
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: I can tell....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: I was a Jew in a previous life.
text: Before Danny can respond, Drake gestures toward the synagogue.
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: Here they come.
text: Danny puts his eye back to the scope.
text: SCOPE POV: stirring at the door. The men put out their
text: cigarettes. Three figures emerge: a MAN and a WOMAN on
text: either side of an older, distinguished-looking man (MANZETTI).
dialog: They walk this way.
speaker_heading: DRAKE (O.S.)
dialog: Shoot him in the head. Always shoot a
text: Jew in the head.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm a bad shot. I don't think I can --
speaker_heading: DRAKE (O.S.)
dialog: Just get him in the cross-hairs. With
dialog: those shells, anywhere you hit him,
dialog: it'll bounce around, rip his insides
dialog: all up.
text: SCOPE POV: the TRIO walking this way, cross-hairs on Manzetti.
speaker_heading: DRAKE (O.S.)
dialog: Right there! Just squeeze he trigger.
dialog: Slow... Do it!
text: Danny FIRES, misses. Everybody hits the ground.
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: You missed on purpose.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I didn't. I told you, I can't --
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: What's that?
text: Danny looks over his shoulder. His shirt has ridden up his
text: back, revealing the tallis wrapped around his waist.
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: I knew it.
text: Drake pulls a .45 from the duffel.... Without thinking,
text: Danny rolls over, fires the rifle. Drake is blown backward,
dialog: dropping the .45.
text: Danny leaps up.... Drake's on his hands and knees, his
text: trousers quickly darkening with blood. Danny's upset.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, Jesus...Drake, are you okay...?
text: FOOTSTEPS, coming this way. Danny runs. We hear voices, "Get
text: down.... Stay down.... He's got a gun...." Drake picks
text: himself up, stumbles away, bent over....
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS -- DUSK
text: Danny parks the van in an abandoned lot near the river.
text: Quickly wiping down the wheel with his shirt, he tosses out
text: his duffel bag and the scoped rifle. He climbs out, wipes
text: down the door, throws the rifle into the water, grabs the
text: duffel and hurries away.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Kyle, it's me Danny. How you doing?...
dialog: I had to come into the city to see
dialog: Mrs. MOEBIUS... No, I gave Drake the
dialog: van, didn't he bring it back?
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Danny's on the phone, whipping through several newspapers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ...Since when?... Really? And he
dialog: didn't call?... No, I don't know...
text: He finds a tiny item: "Gunfire Reported at Synagogue." He
text: scans it: no mention of Drake or himself.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sure, come on down.... Can you bring
dialog: my stuff?... Thanks...and if Drake
dialog: shows up, let me know right away....
dialog: Good...
text: He hangs up. From behind some books, he extracts the small
text: caliber handgun he found in his father's house earlier.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MOEBIUS'S APARTMENT -- TWILIGHT
text: Danny alone, waiting, nervous. He hears FOOTSTEPS approach,
text: he touches the gun in the back of his trousers. Lina and
text: Curtis enter.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: How have things been going?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (how much do they know?)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: (indicates a chair)
dialog: We want to talk to you about
dialog: something....
text: (as they sit, Danny nervous)
dialog: We're about to launch an aboveground,
dialog: intellectually serious fascist movement.
text: Danny is relieved and intrigued. Lina nods at Curtis to go on.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We want to build bridges to certain
dialog: positions in the political mainstream:
dialog: works like The Bell Curve,
dialog: Sociobiology, anti-Zionism, anti-
dialog: immigration, the com-munitarian
dialog: issue.... We'll hold conferences:
dialog: invite liberals, blacks, Jews.
dialog: Chomsky, Cockburn, Stanley Crouch,
dialog: Shahack....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I've been waiting all my life for
dialog: something like this.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: We want you to help run it. Give
dialog: speeches, lead seminars... Handle the
dialog: fund-raising.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (slapped in the face)
dialog: Fund-raising??
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: We think you'd be good at it.
text: OFF-SCREEN we hear the front door. FEET come up the stairs....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about...Manzetti, the synagogues....
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: That doesn't seem to be happening,
dialog: does it?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I've been stuck out in the country
dialog: with those guys who just want to
dialog: paint swastikas and heil Hitler. How
dialog: am I supposed to -- (get anything
dialog: done there?)
text: He stops short as Carla walks into the room for shopping.
text: She glances at them, puts down her bags, goes into the
dialog: kitchen....
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Danny, the night we met, you said the
dialog: name Ilio Manzetti. We were impressed.
dialog: We were excited. But here it is
dialog: September, and Mr. Manzetti is still
text: walking around breathing the air.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: We need intellectuals, we have enough
text: thugs already.
text: Danny's watching Carla go down the hall toward the back, can
text: barely bring his attention back to the conversation at hand.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm not an intellectual.... I mean, I
dialog: read, but... Fund-raising isn't what I...
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Look, if you want to kill Jews on
dialog: your free time, fine. We need you to
dialog: raise money. Will you do that for us?
text: He nods but cannot look at her.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Thank you.
text: He's dismissed. He rises.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Do you have a suit?
dialog: (off Danny; to Curtis)
dialog: Let's get him one.... And a cell
dialog: phone too.
text: (as Danny turns to go;
dialog: a joke for her own amusement)
dialog: And if you insist on blowing up a
dialog: synagogue, make it that big one on
dialog: Fifth Avenue, would you?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Beth Shalom? It's Reform.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They're not that Jewish.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: I don't care what they are. I know
dialog: those people, and I don't like them.
text: The rest are just a bunch of kikes,
dialog: aren't they?
text: She smiles. He manages a smile back and hurries away, face
text: burning with shame.
scene_heading: EXT. MOEBIUS APARTMENT, STREET -- NIGHT
text: Danny comes out of the building, squats between two parked
text: cars and vomits, retching spastically until, gasping for
dialog: breath...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Here...
text: He turns. Carla walks over to him, wipes his mouth with a
text: crumpled tissue. When she moves to kiss him, he holds back,
text: shy about the smell, but she kisses him anyway, on the mouth.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Carla, naked, browsing the books, sees something in the
dialog: closet. It's the Torah Danny took from the synagogue. She
text: unrolls it on the bed, her gaze moving over the mysterious,
text: glossy script. Danny, coming out of the bathroom, sees what
text: she is doing, and stops short.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Where'd you get this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I stole it. From a synagogue.
text: She looks at the broad printed columns....
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: How come there's no punctuation?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That was a later invention, it's not
dialog: in the scrolls.... Anyway, the Jews
dialog: know where the sentences end. They
dialog: know the whole thing by heart. Every
dialog: word. Every letter.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Do you know it like that? By heart.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: But you can read it, the Hebrew....
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What do you care?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: 'Cause I want to know.... What is
dialog: this word? This one here...
text: Danny looks at the word, then back at her. He's torn between
text: competing desires, but finally...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Va-yomer... And he said.
dialog: (she moves her finger
dialog: to the left)
dialog: It goes the other way.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: (she knew that)
dialog: Oh, yeah...
dialog: (moves finger right)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Va-yomer adonai el Avram: lech lecha
dialog: mayartzcha oo-mimohlad-tcha oo-m'bayt
dialog: avaycha el ha-ertez asher arecha...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: What's it mean?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And God said to Avram, take yourself
dialog: away from your land and from the
dialog: place you were born and from your
dialog: father's house into the land -- a
dialog: different land -- and I will show you....
text: Danny remains silent a moment, affected by the passage....
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I want to learn to read it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Know your enemy.... 'Cause it's a
dialog: basic text of Western culture. I want
dialog: to read it in the original. Okay?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hebrew's very difficult. It would
dialog: take years.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I'm good at languages.
text: He looks at the smooth expanse of her back, the articulations
text: of her spine. He finds her very beautiful.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Put something on. You're not supposed
text: to be naked in front of it.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They think it's the word of God, and
dialog: it's holy, and the flesh isn't....
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: That's stupid.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, it's stupid.
dialog: (indicating her T-shirt)
dialog: Put it on, or I won't teach you.
text: She grudgingly pulls on the shirt as he gets a pencil and paper.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: See, the Jews love to separate things:
dialog: the holy from the profane, milk from
dialog: meat, wool from linen, the Sabbath
dialog: from the week, the Jew from the
dialog: gentile.... As if one little scrap of
dialog: this was going to completely
dialog: contaminate that.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: What assholes.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You can't curse in front of it either.
text: He shrugs as if indifferent to these rules, yet compelled to
dialog: point them out.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Who gets contaminated, the Jews or
dialog: the gentiles?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Good question. Both.
dialog: (draws a letter)
dialog: Aleph...
speaker_heading: CARLA
text: It looks a little like a swastika.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: It's silent. It holds a place, takes
text: a vowel. The vowels are little dots
dialog: that go under the letters.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They don't put them in the Torah.
dialog: I'll get you a chumash, they'll have
dialog: them there...Bet...Gimel...Dalid...Hay...
dialog: (as she repeats the names)
dialog: How come you're here instead of with
dialog: Curtis? Besides the Hebrew lessons...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: The sex is better.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Even though his dick is so big?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: With you there's a tragic dimension.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Vuv...Zayin...Chet...Tet...
text: He writes each letter as he says it, and she repeats after him.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMSBURG BRIDGE -- DAY
dialog: Danny and Kyle.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: This will be a different kind of device.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That damn thing. You know how it made
dialog: me look...?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: I'm sorry, Danny. It won't happen
dialog: again. I'm going to use a brand-new
dialog: power cell. Plus we'll have a back-up
dialog: timer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I've gotta kill some Jews, Kyle. I'm
dialog: serious. I'm always talking about it.
dialog: This time it's gotta happen.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: It will.
text: Kyle's confident, and the prospect of this really happening
text: gives Danny pause. He feels a brief chill, escapes it with...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What about Drake, did he ever show up?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: No, it's weird, man. Nobody knows
dialog: where he went.
text: Danny nods, gestures for Kyle to split. Kyle looks around,
text: walks away. Danny waits a moment, then heads in the opposite
dialog: direction.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMSBURG -- DAY
text: Danny walking behind a Hasidic family (MAN, WOMAN, 3-year-
text: old BOY, STROLLER)...watching them. At a corner, the father
text: takes the boy's hand, and as they cross the street, the boy
text: glances back at Danny.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- DAY, 1943
text: TWO NAZI SOLDIERS have just discovered a JEWISH FAMILY
text: hiding in the back of a hay wagon. The POLISH MAN is holding
text: the little boy.
text: As a soldier tries to take the BOY out of his arms, the
text: child panics, clings to his father, screaming, "Papa...
dialog: Papa..." It is the scene the survivor described in the
text: meeting with the Nazis. But now the father is DANNY'S
text: FATHER....
speaker_heading: FATHER (IN POLISH)
dialog: ...Hush, come on, don't cry.
dialog: Everything will be all right....
text: A Nazi sergeant comes over, irritated. The sergeant is Danny.
scene_heading: DANNY/NAZI SERGEANT
dialog: (in German)
dialog: What's the matter here?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (to the Sergeant, in German)
dialog: Excuse me, I'm sorry, just a moment...
text: The sergeant rips the child out of his arms. The kid becomes
text: hysterical. The father manages to take the boy's hand.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (in Polish)
dialog: Please, sweetheart, you have to go.
dialog: I'll see you soon.
text: In an access of disgust, the sergeant sticks his bayonet
text: into the boy -- or rather, into something offscreen. We hear
text: a terrible sound, the child grunts. The family gasps in horror.
text: Danny/sergeant lifts the (unseen) child into the air. Its
text: SHADOW darkens the father's face. Drops of blood run down
dialog: his cheeks....
text: Danny/sergeant stares into the father's face, enraged at the
text: man's passivity.
scene_heading: DANNY/NAZI SERGEANT
dialog: Fucking kike.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- DAY
text: DANNY'S FACE -- sweating, haunted, as if he's just woken
dialog: from the previous.
text: He's still walking down the street, but now, as if to flee
text: his thoughts, he steps through a door into...
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE -- DAY
text: A Jewish bookstore. He grabs the first book that comes to
text: hand, reads for a moment, throws it down in disgust. Picks
text: it up again, is still reading when...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey, Danny...Danny...
text: He looks up at a young man about his own age; wearing a
text: yarmulke, but otherwise normal, hair clean, beard neatly
dialog: trimmed.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: It's Stuart. Stuart Schoenbaum.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Shlomo?
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Yeah...
text: Danny puts down the book, trying to conceal that he's been
text: reading it. He offers a hand. Stuart manages to restrain the
text: impulse to embrace him, but takes the hand warmly.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Jeez, it's been since, what, Kenny's
dialog: wedding.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, uh... So how are you? What's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: I'm in the rabbinic program at JTS...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: JTS...?
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: What about you? What are you doing?
dialog: Something strange, I bet.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm in a kind of...underground...thing.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (impressed, excited)
dialog: Are you an artist?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, no... Not that kind of...
dialog: underground. More a private...
dialog: business. Private.
text: Meaning he can't talk about it. Stuart nods. Danny notices a
text: young woman: dark, curly hair, sharp eyes.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: You remember Miriam....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, hey, how're you doing...
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Hey...
text: An irony to her. They certainly remember each other.
speaker_heading: STUART
text: She's at Yale Law -- interning with
dialog: the district attorney...
dialog: (Miriam makes a face)
dialog: We're getting married next spring. In
dialog: Israel.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Wow, that's uh...great...
text: He glances at Miriam; but she has picked up the book he'd
text: been reading, is leafing through it. It makes him uneasy.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: It's great seeing you....
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Maybe Danny'd like to come to the
dialog: minyan for the holidays....
text: Danny gives her a dirty look, but Stuart's thrilled:
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Oh, good idea. We're davening with
dialog: this group from the seminary.
dialog: Interesting people, very open-minded,
dialog: you might like them. And guess who
dialog: comes...Avi! You guys could go at it
dialog: again like the good old days.
text: As Stuart scribbles an address...
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Danny and Avi used to argue about
dialog: everything. Torah, Talmud, politics,
dialog: girls. It always ended in a fistfight.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I remember.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I always won.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: The arguments, anyway.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (hands Danny the address)
text: It's a K.I. on 101st. In the little
dialog: chapel. Try to make it. It'd be fun.
text: Danny smiles. He has no intention of going. Once they leave,
text: he picks up the book and resumes reading.
scene_heading: INT. AN EXECUTIVE SUITE -- DAY
text: ROGER BRAND, a high-powered CEO, sits behind a big desk,
text: speed-reading something through half-glasses. He finishes,
text: removes the glasses. A New York Times is on the desk.
speaker_heading: BRAND
dialog: You write that?
dialog: (as Danny nods)
dialog: Come work for me. You've got a lot to
dialog: learn; I can teach it to you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I have a job.
speaker_heading: BRAND
dialog: This? This is a joke.
dialog: (tossing down the pages)
dialog: I'll give your group a thousand bucks.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You gave fifty thousand to that
dialog: college magazine.
speaker_heading: BRAND
dialog: Fifty's an exaggeration. Anyway, that
dialog: was a different moment. Things were
dialog: possible that aren't now.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Actually, I think this moment has
dialog: possibilities that --
speaker_heading: BRAND
dialog: Yeah, I read your piece. It's very
dialog: smart. And very wrong.
text: Brand's phone beeps, he touches a button, continues.
speaker_heading: BRAND
dialog: Forget the Jewish stuff. It doesn't
dialog: play anymore.
dialog: (over Danny's)
dialog: There's only the market, now, and it
dialog: doesn't care who you are.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: People still need values, beliefs....
speaker_heading: BRAND
dialog: No, they don't. Not the smart ones.
dialog: (because he likes him)
dialog: Look, I'll give you five grand if you
dialog: can document your tax-exempt
dialog: status.... But when you fall off this
dialog: horse, come see me. I can show you
dialog: how to make a lot of money.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't care about money.
speaker_heading: BRAND
dialog: You will.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're a Jew. Maybe you don't realize
dialog: it, but you are.
speaker_heading: BRAND
dialog: (smiles, uninsulted)
dialog: Maybe I am. Maybe we're all Jews now.
dialog: What's the difference?
text: On Danny, troubled by this.
scene_heading: INT. A SMALL LECTURE HALL -- EVENING
text: A half-dozen white lumpen sit at desks. Danny writes "ANTI-
text: SEMITISM" in large letters on a blackboard. He turns....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How many of you think of yourselves
dialog: as anti-Semites?
dialog: (All the hands go up.)
dialog: Good. Actually, the term is a bit
dialog: imprecise since technically Jews are
dialog: only one of the Semitic peoples....
dialog: In fact, Arabs are Semites, as are
dialog: the Eritreans, the Ethiopians, and so
dialog: on.... But for our purposes an anti-
dialog: Semite is someone who hates or is
dialog: against Jews.... Now, why do we hate
dialog: them?
text: He looks around. The room is silent.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Let me put it another way. Do we hate
dialog: them because they push their way in
dialog: where they don't belong? Or because
dialog: they're clannish and keep to themselves?
text: Murmurs of "Yeah. Both." But some are confused by this.
scene_heading: INT. SAME -- ANOTHER DAY
text: Slightly bigger crowd, a few middle-class-looking people.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ...Because they're tight with money,
dialog: or because they flash it around?
dialog: Because they're Bolsheviks or because
dialog: they're capitalists? Because they
dialog: have the highest IQs, or because they
dialog: have the most active sex lives?
text: The audience, confused...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Do you want to know the real reason
dialog: we hate them?...
scene_heading: INT. SAME -- DAY
dialog: ...More people: white collar workers of both sexes, nurses,
text: artists. Lapel buttons, bumper stickers, backpacks: "FIGHT
text: NEW WORLD DISORDER" "STOP THE WTO" "EARTH FIRST!"
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ...Because we hate them.
dialog: (as people exchange
dialog: puzzled looks)
dialog: Because they exist. Because it is an
dialog: axiom of civilization that just as
dialog: man longs for woman, loves his
dialog: children and fears death, he hates
dialog: the Jews.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: There is no reason. If there were,
dialog: some smart-ass kike would give us an
dialog: argument, try to prove we were wrong.
dialog: And of course that would only make us
dialog: hate them more. In fact we have all
dialog: the reasons we need in three simple
dialog: letters: J-E-W. Jew. Say it a million
dialog: times. It is the only word that never
dialog: loses its meaning: Jew Jew Jew Jew
dialog: Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew....
scene_heading: EXT. NEW JERSEY MEADOWLANDS -- DAWN
text: Danny and Kyle sitting in the tall grass across the
text: marshlands toward the Manhattan skyline shimmering in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: (sings, looking at watch)
dialog: "My country 'tis of thee, Sweet land
dialog: of liberty, Of thee I..."
text: He points sharply and an explosion occurs thirty yards away.
text: They run over, pick up the mangled timer. They're pleased.
scene_heading: EXT. JCC (ANSCHE CHESED) -- DAY
text: A couple of stragglers hurry through the door as we hear...
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: B'Rosh Hashanah yika-teyvun, uv'yom
dialog: tsom kippur yey-chateymun...
scene_heading: INT. SMALL CHAPEL -- DAY
text: Rosh Hashanah services. A woman is davening....
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: And it came to pass after these
dialog: things that God tested Abraham...
text: DANNY...sitting with Stuart and Miriam...
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: ...And said to him, "Abraham." And he
dialog: said, "Here am I..." And God said,
dialog: "Take your son, your only son, whom
dialog: you love..."
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: It's not his only son....
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: The only one he loves.
text: Danny looks at AVI (athletic, smooth-shaven) who grins
text: sardonically and fakes a punch as...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They only kill them when they love them?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: (sliding into a seat
dialog: next to them)
dialog: What are you doing here, I thought
dialog: you were a Nazi.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Come on, Avi...
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: You know what this guy told me once:
dialog: Islam and Judaism both start with
dialog: Abraham murdering his son: first
text: sending Ishmael into the desert, then
dialog: sacrificing Isaac....
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Shhhh... Can you please be quiet?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And Christianity's the same, with
dialog: minor variations.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Ridiculous.
dialog: (to the people around them)
dialog: Folks, don't listen to this guy. He's
dialog: a well-known anti-Semite.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Avi, please...
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: (snatching off Danny's hat)
dialog: ...Look, he's a skinhead.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: It's just a style, Avi.... There are
dialog: antiracist skins.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Believe me, Danny's the racist kind.
dialog: Are you a fascist, Danny? Yes or no.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What's a fascist?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: I rest my case. He's a Jewish Nazi.
dialog: He always was.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Whereas Avi's a Zionist Nazi.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: The Zionists aren't Nazis.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They're racist, they're militaristic,
text: they act like bullyboys in the
dialog: territories....
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: They don't have extermination camps.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: They had Sabra and Shattila.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Do you hate them because they're
dialog: wimps or because they're bullyboys?
text: Danny's startled by the question, but before he can react...
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: (over her, to Danny)
dialog: That was the Lebanese, that wasn't --
speaker_heading: VOICES (O.S.)
dialog: The Israeli Army knew about the camps.
dialog: Sharon encouraged the falangists to
dialog: go in there and murder all the --
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: You don't know that. There's no --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Read the early Zionists on European
dialog: Jewry; they sound like Goebbels.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: They sound like you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The Nazis did everything the fhrer
dialog: told them. You do everything the
dialog: Torah tells you. Or the rebbe.
dialog: Identical slave mentality.
text: Avi lunges at him. They begin pounding each other. Chaos.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- NIGHT
text: Miriam and Danny walk down West End Avenue together. He's
dialog: oddly relaxed with her?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Why did you come tonight? To see me?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: To hear them read Torah.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I thought you hated Torah.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That doesn't mean I don't like
dialog: hearing it.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Point out all the lies and fucked-up
dialog: thinking.
text: She smiles and even he smiles a little. They walk together,
text: oddly companionable.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: You know the joke: a Jew's shipwrecked
text: on a desert island. When they rescue
dialog: him, they see he's built two
dialog: synagogues. They say, for vhat do you
dialog: need two synagogues? He says, vun to
dialog: pray in, and vun I'd never set foot
dialog: in so long as I live, so help me God.
dialog: (he nods, he's heard it)
dialog: You pray in the one you'd never set
dialog: foot in...and vice versa.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I can't help what I think.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: This is me.
text: She stops in front of a nice doorman building. He's impressed.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Tell me about Lina Moebius.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (startled)
dialog: How did you...?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I work in the DA's office. You go to
dialog: those meetings, half the people there
dialog: are informants.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You mean the Times guy?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Which Times guy?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: With the shoes... There was more than
dialog: one?
text: In an excess of paranoia, he walks away. She calls after him....
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Danny...Danny...
dialog: (he doesn't look back)
dialog: Shit...
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Sweltering heat. A fan ruffles Carla's hair as she lies on
text: the futon going back and forth between Hebrew/English Torah
text: and a Hebrew grammar. Danny is on the floor lifting weights.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: (slowly, laboriously)
dialog: Payn tash-chiton v'ashiytem...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (correcting her)
dialog: V'asitem...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: V'asitem lechem pessel to-monat. And
dialog: make no graven image of the Lord, or
dialog: the form of any figure, or of man or
dialog: woman, or beast or fowl or fish or
dialog: anything that looks like anything.
dialog: Because He's not like anything. Not
dialog: only can't you see Him or hear Him,
dialog: you can't even think about Him. I
dialog: mean, what's the difference between
dialog: that and Him not existing?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (still exercising)
dialog: No difference.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Christianity's silly, but at least
dialog: there's something to believe in. Or
dialog: not believe. Judaism there's nothing.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Nothing but nothingness...Judaism's
dialog: not about belief.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: What's it about?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: About doing things. You light candles,
dialog: say prayers, keep the Sabbath, visit
dialog: the sick....
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: And belief follows?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No. Nothing follows. You don't do it
dialog: because it's smart or stupid or it
dialog: saves your soul. You're not saved.
dialog: Nobody's saved. You do it because the
dialog: Torah tells you do. You submit to the
dialog: Torah.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Fuck that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don't curse in front of it.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: (flips the book closed)
dialog: Why should I submit?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You shouldn't.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You think I should just because
dialog: there's no reason?
text: He looks at her without answering.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, I think you shouldn't.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Judaism doesn't even need God. You
dialog: have the Torah, the law. That's your
dialog: fucking God....
dialog: (anticipating his objections)
text: The book's closed.
text: In an access of something, she bites his arm, hard. He
text: winces, pushes her away. She kisses the place she bit. He
text: starts to play with her hair....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're learning the Hebrew really fast.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I told you, I'm good at this.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Plus you have nothing else to do all day.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Oh, am I learning it faster than you
dialog: did? Maybe I'm smarter.
text: He laughs, likes her arrogance. But she misunderstands:
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Is that funny? You think Jews are the
dialog: only smart ones?
text: As they make out, grow aroused...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What...? You think I'm Jewish?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: It's all you talk about. Jewish,
dialog: Jewish, Jewish. Nobody talks about it
dialog: that much except the Jews.
text: Danny's taken aback by the simple logic.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nazis talk about it all the time.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Do they?
text: And, of course, she has grown up among Nazis.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The real Nazis. Hitler, Goebbels,
dialog: they talked about Jews incessantly....
dialog: You ever read their diaries?...
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Is that why you became a Nazi? So you
dialog: could talk about Jews incessantly?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Believe me, Adolf Hitler couldn't
dialog: possibly have hated the Jews as much
dialog: as I do. Not in a billion years. You
dialog: know why?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: 'Cause he wasn't a rabbi.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You want a punch in the mouth?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Okay...
dialog: (he doesn't hit her)
dialog: Why don't we light candles on Friday?
dialog: Let's light candles.... And say the
dialog: kaddish.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Kaddish is the prayer for the dead.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I mean kiddush. Let's say kiddush.
dialog: And shave my head, fuck through a
dialog: sheet, all that stuff...
dialog: (as he walks away)
dialog: Come on, just for fun. To see what
dialog: it's like...
scene_heading: INT. SMALL LECTURE HALL -- NIGHT
text: Packed with a well-dressed crowd, very different from the
dialog: crowds we've seen here before.
text: DOWN IN FRONT: Mrs. Moebius and Danny talk in low tones.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Half the right-wing money in New York
dialog: is here tonight. They came to see you.
dialog: If you impress them, if you do what I
dialog: know you can, this movement will be
text: up and running by tomorrow. And on
text: the front page of the New York Times
dialog: in six months.
text: She straightens his tie, directs him toward the lectern. He
dialog: hesitates....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We tested the new bomb.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We redesigned the timing mechanism.
dialog: It can't possibly malfunction.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Danny, please. Just give your
dialog: speech.... And nothing about Jews, okay?
text: She walks away.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL LECTURE HALL -- STAGE -- NIGHT
text: Danny steps to the lectern. The CROWD QUIETS. He stands
text: silent for a long moment, then closes his eyes and chants
dialog: with feeling:
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Shema yisroel adonai elohenu adonai
dialog: echod.
text: General confusion. Mrs. Moebius and Curtis exchange wary
dialog: glances.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who knows what that is?
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: A Jewish prayer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Can anybody imagine why I would say a
dialog: Jewish prayer?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: Because you're a Jew.
text: Nervous laughter. Danny laughs with them.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That could be one reason. What's
dialog: another?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Let me put it this way...who here
dialog: would like to destroy the Jews?
dialog: (murmurs of approval)
dialog: Who wants to grind their bones into
dialog: the dust?
text: A scattering of applause, growing more sustained...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And who wants to see them rise again,
dialog: wealthier, more successful, powerful,
dialog: cultured and intelligent than ever?
dialog: Silence. No one wants that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Then you know what you have to do?...
dialog: You have to love them.
text: Puzzled mutterings: "What?... What's he talking about?..."
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Did he say love them? Love the Jews?
dialog: It sounds strange, I know, but with
dialog: these people nothing is simple. The
dialog: Jew says that all he wants is to be
text: left alone to study his Torah, do a
dialog: little business and fornicate with
dialog: his over-sexed wife.... But it isn't
dialog: true. He wants to be hated. He longs
text: for our scorn. He clings to it as if
dialog: it were the very core and mystery of
dialog: his being. If Hitler had not existed,
dialog: the Jews would have invented him. For
dialog: without such hatred, the so-called
dialog: Chosen People would vanish from the
dialog: earth....
text: People react with confusion, uncertainty, suspicion.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ...And this reveals a terrible truth,
dialog: the crux of our problem as Nazis: the
dialog: worse the Jews are treated, the
dialog: stronger they become. Egyptian
dialog: slavery made them a nation; the
dialog: pogroms hardened them, Auschwitz gave
dialog: birth to the State of Israel.
dialog: Suffering, it seems, is the very
dialog: crucible of their genius. If the Jews
dialog: are, as one of their own has said, a
dialog: people who will not take yes for an
dialog: answer, then let us say yes to them.
dialog: If they thrive on opposition, let us
dialog: cease to oppose them. The way to
dialog: annihilate them, utterly and
dialog: completely, is to open our arms, take
dialog: them into our homes and embrace them.
dialog: Only then will they vanish into
dialog: assimilation, dilution...and love.
dialog: (a warning finger)
dialog: But we cannot pretend. The Jew is
dialog: nothing if not clever. He will see
text: through condescension and hypocrisy.
dialog: To destroy him, we will have to love
text: him sincerely.
text: ON THE AUDIENCE, befuddled. A HAND goes up. Danny nods to it.
text: The man steps forward, and we see that it's Guy Danielsen of
text: the Times. Danny is shaken....
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: But if the Jews are strengthened by
dialog: hate, wouldn't this "destruction" you
dialog: speak of -- by love or by any other
dialog: means -- in fact make them more
dialog: powerful than they are already?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Yes. Infinitely more. They would
dialog: become as God.
text: Murmurs of confusion, outrage... "God??!!!" Danny notices
text: the TALLIS crawling out from under his shirt, stuffs it back in.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It is the Jews' destiny to the
dialog: annihilated so that they can be
dialog: deified....
dialog: (the murmurs swell)
dialog: Jesus understood this perfectly. And
dialog: look what was accomplished there with
text: the death of just one enlightened Jew.
dialog: Imagine what would happen if we
dialog: killed them all!!
dialog: (over the rising outrage)
dialog: So, let us say together... Shema
dialog: yisroel...
text: One or two voices respond, but must people shout him down.
text: Mrs. Moebius is outraged. People are throwing things,
text: shouting. The meeting degenerates into chaos.
scene_heading: INT. MOEBIUS APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Danny talks to Mrs. Moebius. Offscreen we hear a TV.
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Are you out of your mind?!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I was just trying to make a point. If --
speaker_heading: CARLA (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, my God...
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Lina...
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: I'm relieving you of all duties. I
dialog: don't want you working for us anymore....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You can't. Do you know how many
dialog: people I've brought into...the
dialog: movement...?
speaker_heading: CARLA (O.S.)
dialog: Lina, come here!
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Carla watching a small TV on the kitchen counter. Danny
text: arrives, followed by Lina and Curtis as we hear...
speaker_heading: REPORTER (O.S.)
dialog: According to police, he had just left
dialog: the restaurant and was walking the
text: block and a half back to his office,
dialog: when the gunman stepped out of this
dialog: doorway, fired seven times at point-
text: blank range...then fled on foot.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (a terrible premonition)
dialog: Who was it?
text: Mrs. Moebius impatiently signals him to silence.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (O.S.)
dialog: ...Paramedics arrived within ninety
dialog: seconds, but Mr. Manzetti was
text: declared dead at the scene.
text: At the mention of Manzetti's name, Danny goes white.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR'S VOICE
dialog: Ilio Manzetti was one of the
dialog: respected and influential men in New
dialog: York. As an investment banker,
dialog: diplomat, adviser to presidents and
dialog: mayors, he helped shape public policy
dialog: and private finance for more than
dialog: three decades. He'll be missed, Phil.
dialog: This is Michael Port with New York 1.
text: Danny's knees are weak, his hands cold, his stomach rises....
text: He becomes aware of the others, staring at him in amazement.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Do you think I...
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Danny, please, we don't want to know.
text: She and Curtis walk out of the room. Stunned, shaken, Danny
text: leaves in a different direction. The TV plays to an empty
dialog: room...
speaker_heading: ANCHOR'S VOICE
text: The assailant is described as a white
dialog: male in his late 20s....
scene_heading: EXT. MOEBIUS BUILDING/STREET -- DAY
text: Danny wanders out the door in a daze. His cell phone RINGING.
text: He has to search his pockets, then fumbles to turn it on....
speaker_heading: KYLE'S VOICE (PHONE)
dialog: You finally killed a Jew, man. How's
dialog: it feel?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Kyle...I can't talk right now....
text: He hears a CAMERA SHUTTER and MOTOR DRIVE. He turns....
scene_heading: EXT. ACROSS THE STREET -- DAY
scene_heading: GUY DANIELSEN & A PHOTOGRAPHER.
text: They're coming toward him.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Did you kill Ilio Manzetti?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No.
text: Suddenly Danny runs after the photographer, they struggle....
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Not the camera, don't hurt the camera...
text: Danny opens the camera, rips out the film, exposing it.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Did you kill him?
text: Danny glares at him without answering, walks away. Guy
text: hurries after him....
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Two days ago you addressed a Nazi
dialog: rally. Last week you went to a Torah
dialog: study group.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What were you, following me?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: How do you reconcile the two?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't. Look, stay out of what you
dialog: don't understand.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Explain it so I can.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You work for the New York Times. Your
dialog: whole job in life is not to understand
dialog: things like me.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I don't think you know what you are.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (walking on, fast)
dialog: Yeah, and what are you? A Times man?
dialog: A Presbyterian? Impotent? A prick?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Who killed Manzetti?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: If I tell you, will you pull the
dialog: story? Not write about me?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: It's too late.... If I didn't,
dialog: somebody else would.
dialog: (as Danny just snorts)
text: Yom Kippur starts at sundown. Will
dialog: you go to synagogue?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: (turns on him, threatening)
dialog: Get the fuck away from me.
text: Guy backs off. Danny crosses the street.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey, Danny, just one more!
text: He glances back. It's the PHOTOGRAPHER who has reloaded and
text: now SNAPS a shot AS DANNY TURNS AWAY and keeps going....
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER MANHATTAN -- DAY
text: Danny and Miriam walking together among the trees.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: You're telling me you killed him? You?
dialog: Killed him? Bullshit. What kind of
dialog: gun did you use?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (guessing)
text: A forty-five.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
text: It was a nine millimeter.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You're lying.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: So are you... But they'll believe
dialog: you....
dialog: (as they walk)
dialog: Lina Moebius is saying the whole
dialog: thing was your idea. That you
dialog: proposed it in a meeting at her house.
dialog: (when he doesn't deny it)
dialog: Ah, Jesus, Danny... What were you
dialog: thinking? Are you glad Manzetti's
dialog: dead? Do you really want to kill Jews?
dialog: You want to kill me?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I was just talking. I -- look, I
dialog: can't help what I think.
text: He doesn't know how to answer, walks away from her to the
text: railing overlooking the water. He stares into the current
text: flowing past. Finally Miriam joins him....
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: All right, what if all along you were
dialog: actually infiltrating the Nazis -- to
dialog: expose them....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: But I wasn't.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: And only talked about killing
dialog: Manzetti to convince them you were an
dialog: anti-Semite. If you'd had any idea
dialog: somebody would take it seriously, you
dialog: never would have said it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I can't say that.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Think about your father. Your sister.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The truth doesn't mean anything to
dialog: you, does it?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Danny, I'm trying to -- save you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (over her)
dialog: Fucking kike.
text: Miriam is stung. She can't believe he said that. Still, she
text: gets a small tape recorder out of her purse, hands it to him.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Try to get Lina Moebius on tape,
dialog: telling you to do something.
dialog: Something violent... That's right, I
dialog: don't care about truth. I care about
dialog: you.
dialog: (looks at her watch)
dialog: Kol Nidre's at six-thirty. I've got
dialog: to meet Stuart. We'll be at the
dialog: minyan tonight and tomorrow. If you
dialog: need me, come there....
text: Danny watches her walk away, then turns to the railing.
text: Ideally a FERRY is pulling away from its slip and heading
text: out across the harbor. He watches it, then looks down at the
text: current moving past. He reaches a decision, throws the tape
text: recorder into the water, turns and walks away....
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S APARTMENT -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Danny stops just inside the door. The place is spotless. The
text: desk has been pulled out from the wall, covered with a snowy
text: cloth and set for a Sabbath meal: brass candelabrum, challah
text: under a satin cover...and two place settings.
text: Carla is pouring wine into the kiddush cup. She's wearing a
text: modest dress, her hair is pinned up with a piece of lace.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What's going on?
text: She turns, startled; she hadn't heard him come in.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: It's erev Yom Kippur.... We'll have
dialog: dinner, then go to shul. Atone for
dialog: our sins.
text: He grabs a couple of olives off the table, eats them as he
text: goes through his closet, stuffing a couple things in a bag....
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Come on, we can be like Eichmann. He
dialog: studied Torah. He hated Jews.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (in the closet, looking)
dialog: Is it like Eichmann? Are we goofing?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I don't know. I just want to try it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Shit...
dialog: (looking in other places)
dialog: Did you talk to your mother today?
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: No. What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: (indicates table as he
dialog: keeps looking)
dialog: Why are you doing this?
dialog: (back to the closet)
dialog: I thought God didn't exist.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: He commands it whether He exists or
dialog: not...
dialog: (off his silence; with
dialog: difficulty)
dialog: Look, we can fight him and be crushed.
dialog: Or we can submit.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (from the closet)
dialog: And be crushed.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Yeah, okay. But what if...what if...
text: submitting...being crushed, being
dialog: nothing, not mattering, what if
dialog: that's the best feeling we can have?
text: He finds it (a kittel), stuffs it in the bag.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Look, just light the candles with me.
dialog: Then we'll eat. You have to eat.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You eat first, then you light.
dialog: (exasperated, he has to
dialog: explain)
dialog: Once you light, it's Yom Kippur,
dialog: which means you're fasting, so you
dialog: can't...eat.
text: He trails off, looks at her. She's everything he ever wanted,
text: and he's already lost her.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A woman of valor, who can find her?
dialog: Her price is above rubies....
text: He walks out, leaving the door open. Carla starts to call
text: after him, but then doesn't. She turns back, lights the
text: candles and awkwardly reads the prayers....
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/PAY PHONE -- SUNDOWN APPROACHING
text: Danny on a phone. Behind him, Jews hurry home for the
text: holiday. He hears a BEEP...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Miriam, it's me, Danny.... Come on,
dialog: the holiday hasn't started, pick up
dialog: the --
dialog: (as someone does)
dialog: ...Is Stuart davening Ne'ilah
dialog: tomorrow at the minyan... 'Cause he
dialog: always does... Tell him I'm doing it
dialog: instead....
text: She argues (we hear her VOICE not her words)...Danny cuts
dialog: her off.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Miriam, I'm davening.... He gives me
dialog: any trouble, I'll beat the shit out
dialog: of him right there in the room. I'm
dialog: serious....
text: She's still talking when he hangs up and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. MOEBIUS APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Lina and Curtis with Billings and Drake, who looks bad...
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Why didn't you tell us?
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: (never considered it)
dialog: I was hurt. I just...
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: He went to his friends' place and I
dialog: laid up there 'til he was better.
dialog: Then he called me.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You should've gone to the police.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: I don't think Drake wants to talk to
dialog: the police. Do you?
speaker_heading: DRAKE
dialog: I'll take care of him myself.
text: The phone RINGS. Curtis answers, listens, covers the mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Daniel Balint.
text: She takes it with a dramatic gesture.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: (takes the phone)
dialog: Hello...?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. PAY PHONE, 65TH STREET -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Lina... It's happening. Tonight.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: What is happening?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Beth Shalom. Like you wanted.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Beth Shalom? What are you talking
dialog: about? Who is this...?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Lina, you said if I was going to
dialog: plant a bomb, I should --
text: A CLICK as she hangs up. He's pleased. He steps away from
text: the phone. He's carrying a grease-stained bag and is across
dialog: from...
text: TEMPLE EMANU-EL...KOL NIDRE being sung by a soprano within;
text: and ORGAN accompanying her.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE AND 65TH STREET -- NIGHT
text: In the synagogue across the street we hear KOL NIDRE being
text: sung by a soprano; an ORGAN accompanying her. Danny looks up
text: at the temple.
scene_heading: FLASHCUT: EXT. FOREST ROAD -- DAY, 1943
text: Looking up as the Nazi sergeant holds the boy on the bayonet
text: over the father's head. But now Danny is the father, and the
dialog: father is the sergeant.
text: He lunges at the Nazi, knocking him down, tearing at this
text: throat. The sergeant screams....
speaker_heading: NAZI SOLDIER
dialog: (in German, to his fellows)
dialog: Kill him!
text: Danny bites through the Nazi's jugular as bullets rip into him.
scene_heading: INT. FIFTH AVENUE AT 65TH/INT. KYLE'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Kyle's car is parked on the Central Park side of
text: Fifth....Danny gets in the passenger side. Kyle is behind
text: the wheel, wiring an explosive device. Danny hands him the
text: grease-stained bag.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How're we doing?
text: Kyle holds up a solitary pipe bomb.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: That's all we've got left.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It'll be enough if we use it right.
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: Okay, the service'll go about another
dialog: hour. Say an hour for the janitors,
dialog: then one more just to be safe...
dialog: We'll go in at midnight.
text: Kyle has extracted a cheeseburger and shake from the bag. As
text: he starts in on them, he realizes Danny isn't eating.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Didn't you get anything?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm not hungry.... Come on, let's
dialog: drive around.... We don't want to be
text: spotted here.
text: Eating, Kyle starts the car, pulls away....
scene_heading: INT. MOEBIUS APARTMENT -- SAME TIME
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: (white with fury)
dialog: He is trying to set us up.
text: Curtis picks up a cell phone and dials.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: (to Drake and Billings)
dialog: I want him dead by tomorrow night.
dialog: That lies within your capacities,
dialog: correct?
text: Billings nods. Drake unconsciously licks the center of his
text: lower lip. As they leave, we see that he limps horribly.
dialog: When they're gone...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, I believe that a bomb is going
dialog: to be planted tonight at Temple
dialog: Emanu-el on 65th Street.... By the
dialog: same man who killed Ilio Manzetti...
dialog: His name is Daniel Balint....
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE/INT. KYLE'S CAR -- DRIVING -- NIGHT
text: POV inside van. Fifth is quiet. Temple Emanu-el again,
text: straight ahead. But now we see SECURITY GUARDS near the door.
speaker_heading: KYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, what is this shit?
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Keep driving. Don't slow down.
speaker_heading: KYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Christ...
text: POV speeds up, whips past the synagogue.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Not too fast.
speaker_heading: KYLE (V.O.)
dialog: You said they didn't have night guards.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: They don't. I checked twenty times....
dialog: Somebody must have talked.
speaker_heading: KYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Who even knew?
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Mrs. Moebius.
speaker_heading: KYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Why? Why would she?
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: The Manzetti thing must have scared
dialog: her. She thinks she'll get implicated.
speaker_heading: KYLE (V.O.)
dialog: So what do we do with the device?
text: The Plaza straight ahead...
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Take a right on 59th...
dialog: (as the car turns)
dialog: We'll put it someplace else.
speaker_heading: KYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Where?
scene_heading: ON DANNY'S FACE
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I have an idea....
scene_heading: INT. A DARKENED BLDG (JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER) -- NIGHT
text: A pencil-beam flashlight moves through the darkness. We
text: follow it. The light enters a space where SOUND ECHOES....
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Over here.
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER ROOM -- NIGHT
text: A PENCIL BEAM shows Kyle on his back attaching the bomb to
text: some kind of wooden floor cupboard. He's worried about the
text: paltry amount of explosives.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: It's all reinforced in here. It's not
dialog: going to blow out the way we want it....
text: Danny is too preoccupied flipping through a machzor to answer.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: If I went back to the lumberyard, the
dialog: guy'd give me all the dynamite I
dialog: wanted. Untraceable, you wouldn't --
dialog: need to...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No, it has to be tomorrow. You won't
dialog: get this many of them in here for
dialog: another year. It'll be fine.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: It's not going to be fine. It's --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Just do it.
text: Kyle sighs, goes about doing it, he HEARS SOMETHING and freezes.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: What's that?
text: Danny clicks off the light. A SILHOUETTE on the windows...
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: It's just somebody on the street.
text: Light on. Relieved, Kyle turns his attention back to the bomb.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: When do you want it to go off?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Seven-thirty tomorrow evening.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: So that's what? Nineteen thirty
dialog: minutes...what time is it now...
text: Kyle checks his wristwatch, sets the timer to eighteen hours
text: eighteen minutes. It begins counting down.
scene_heading: EXT. SYNAGOGUE -- NIGHT
text: Kyle and Danny come around the corner, get in Kyle's car
text: parked near the side door.
scene_heading: EXT. EIGHTH AVENUE NEWSSTAND -- NIGHT
text: A stack of papers, the early edition of the Times. As Danny
text: grabs one, he notices a stack of tabloids....
text: FRONT PAGE: The Manzetti crime scene with screaming headline:
scene_heading: "MANZETTI SLAYER JEWISH NAZI." Next to this another tab:
text: "JEW KILLS JEW?"
text: Danny grabs a Times, flips it over... We see only his face:
text: registering this, unsurprised. He opens the paper....
scene_heading: INSERT: TWO PHOTOGRAPHS
dialog: The sweet-faced bar mitzvah boy we saw at his father's
text: house... And a BLURRY PHOTO of Danny walking away from Guy
text: Danielsen and the photographer outside Mrs. Moebius's house.
text: Danny's face is not clearly seen.
text: TILT UP TO DANNY
text: Calm. He tucks the paper under his arm beside the machzor
text: and crosses Eighth Avenue toward a cheap hotel....
scene_heading: CHEAP HOTEL -- NIGHT
text: Carrying the papers, Danny goes through the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM -- EARLY MORNING
text: Danny at the window, staring out. The TV plays behind him.
scene_heading: On TV -- A REPORTER INTERVIEWING MRS. MOEBIUS
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: ...You're saying that when he first
dialog: appeared at your house, you had no
dialog: idea he was Jewish....
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: None whatsoever. But I have to admit,
dialog: I'm not terribly surprised.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What do you mean?
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: I think anti-semitism today is
dialog: largely a Jewish phenomenon. Wouldn't
dialog: you agree?
text: Danny can't help smiling at her audacity.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: In the Third Reich, weren't a number
dialog: of high-ranking Nazis of Jewish origin?
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: Yes, and they were said to be the
dialog: most virulent proponents of the Final
dialog: Solution. Really, who but a Jew would
dialog: want to kill Ilio Manzetti simply
dialog: because he was Jewish? Who thinks
dialog: about such things?
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: The papers are going to report
dialog: tomorrow that your colleague, Curtis
dialog: Zampf, has been a federal informant
dialog: for the past two years. Do you
dialog: believe that?
scene_heading: MRS. MOEBIUS
dialog: (enigmatic smile)
dialog: Curtis is always more complicated
text: than he seems. Even now.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: (to the camera)
dialog: And so, on this, the most solemn day
dialog: of the Jewish year, a former yeshiva
dialog: student is being sought in connection
dialog: with a monstrous hate crime that --
text: The set is CLICKED OFF with the remote. In the darkened
text: screen, we see Danny take his bag off the bed and go out the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: As Danny approaches, a STOCKY YOUNG MAN on a folding chair
text: outside the front door checks him out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Gamar tov.
text: The Stocky Young Man beckons him on. As he passes, Danny
text: spots a gun and shoulder holster inside the man's zippered
dialog: jacket.
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER -- DAY
text: Several Yom Kippur services are going on in different rooms.
text: And we hear different groups of VOICES. And one reading...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ...They cast lots, and the lot fell
dialog: on Jonah...
text: Danny puts on his kittel -- a white prayer coat.
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER, 2ND FLOOR/INT. SMALL
scene_heading: AUDITORIUM -- DAY
text: About forty WORSHIPPERS, most in their 20s and 30s. Danny
text: slips into the back, spots Carla up front with Miriam and
text: Stuart. He's shocked, appalled....
text: CARLA -- trying to follow along the prayer book, suddenly
text: Danny is leaning over her shoulder from the row behind.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (desperate whisper)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: People sitting nearby HUSH him; he ignores them.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Miriam called, looking for you. She
dialog: said you might come, so I...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You gotta get out of here.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: You don't own this place.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Listen, Danny, you can't just barge
dialog: in and --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Shut up...
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: You shut up. Who do you think you are?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to Carla, low, urgent)
dialog: There's a bomb here. It's going to go
text: off at seven-thirty.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Oh, please...
text: The SHUSHING becomes louder.... She turns away.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: It's Yom Kippur.... People are
dialog: davening.... Can you take it
dialog: outside.... You have some nerve....
text: Danny looks around at the scolding, angry, pious faces....
text: He hates them. He sits back and closes his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD -- DAY, 1943
text: The Jewish father (played by Danny's father) is ripping open
text: the Sergeant's jugular as the soldiers shoot him. One of the
dialog: soldiers (who is now Danny) says:
scene_heading: DANNY/NAZI SOLDIER
dialog: Kill them. Kill them all.
text: The soldiers begin firing.... But now, three Israeli
text: commandos appear, Danny, Avi and the security guard we saw
text: outside. They fire Uzis at the Nazis, who fire back.
text: Danny the Nazi soldier and Danny the Israeli commando fire
text: at each other at point-blank range. The SOUND fades and we
text: hear SCRAPING CHAIRS, MURMURS, VOICES....
scene_heading: INT. SMALL AUDITORIUM -- SUNDOWN
text: Danny wakes with a start. People are about to resume after a
text: break, but there's some confusion. People are talking to
text: Stuart, who keeps glancing toward Danny....Danny finds his
text: machzor and gets up...as he approaches the bema, Stuart
text: comes to meet him.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Danny, listen, people expect me to
dialog: daven; they don't want someone they
dialog: don't know -- leading their prayers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Get out of my way.
text: Stuart backs down. Danny steps onto the bema, opens the machzor.
speaker_heading: MURMURING VOICES
dialog: What's going on?... Who is this?...I
dialog: thought Stuart was davening....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to the room)
text: Page 766.
text: He glances at a clock at the back of the room: 6:14.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yis-gadal, v'yis-kadash sh'mey raba...
text: People join in, but one man, in back, is outraged.
speaker_heading: ENRAGED MAN
dialog: Jesus Christ, you know who that is?...
dialog: You see the paper?
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (gently teasing)
dialog: You're reading the paper on Yom
dialog: Kippur, Barry?
text: Chuckles.
speaker_heading: ENRAGED WIFE
dialog: I saw the paper. That's not him, that
dialog: guy was darker.... This is somebody else.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: That guy wouldn't go to shul, Barry...
speaker_heading: ENRAGED MAN
dialog: You want to bet? I'll bet you
dialog: anything...
dialog: (he's SHUSHED, "Could
dialog: you, please...")
dialog: Let's go, we're leaving....
speaker_heading: ENRAGED WIFE
dialog: Oh, for God's sake, you leave.
speaker_heading: ENRAGED MAN
dialog: I'm going to get a cop.
text: He stalks to the door but doesn't leave, turns back as if
dialog: compelled to watch this outrage...as....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Da-amiran b'alma, v'imru amen...
text: He begins the silent amidah, taking three steps backward,
text: then three forward, bowing as he prays so that he sees the
text: watch on the lectern.... It says: 6:16....
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM -- SUNDOWN
text: Kyle on hands and knees, gasping for breath, his face bloody.
text: DRAKE sits in a chair, injecting methamphetamine into the
text: vein of his forearm. Billings comes through the door with a
dialog: newspaper.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: I got one....
text: He squats beside Kyle, shows him the Times story about Danny.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Are you kidding me??
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Now do you know where he is?
text: Kyle thinks, glances at a watch: 6:47.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Yeah, I bet I do.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL AUDITORIUM -- TWILIGHT
text: The windows have darkened. The congregation is on its feet
text: chanting the AVINU MALKENU, the climactic prayer of the day.
text: Danny, leading the prayers, looks up at Carla, Stuart,
text: Miriam...near the front, chanting with him. He looks at the
dialog: clock: 7:21.
text: Suddenly it seems impossible to go through with this. He
text: stops praying, but no one notices....
scene_heading: EXT. JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER -- TWILIGHT
text: As Kyle, Drake and Billings approach, the place seems to
text: glow with an inner radiance. Drake and Billings hold weapons
text: at their sides.
text: The stocky security guard sees them coming and gets up,
text: reaching for his gun. Billings and Drake stop. Kyle wishes
dialog: he weren't here.
text: Everything suspends for a moment as, within the building,
text: three distinct GROUPS OF VOICES can be heard, each chanting
text: the AVINU MALKENU at a slightly different point in the prayer.
text: Drake raises his gun and fires.
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER -- SMALL AUDITORIUM -- TWILIGHT
text: People are chanting AVINU MALKENU so fervently that the
text: GUNFIRE outside seems only a faint POPPING. No one
text: particularly notices. Danny, freaking, doesn't hear the
text: gunshots. He tries to address the people in the front rows....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Wait a minute...
text: But the praying is too loud, too strong. No one stops or
text: listens. He steps down off the bema....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Stop praying. You've got to get out
dialog: of here.... All of you...
text: A few people in front are puzzled by his strange behavior,
text: but the rest keep chanting. Stuart comes up to Danny....
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: You wanted to daven. Now daven....
text: Danny glances over people's heads at the clock: 7:25. He
dialog: doesn't notice...
speaker_heading: THE DOOR
text: BANGS open. DRAKE stands there, .357, bleeding profusely
text: from the head, the swastika on his lips. At first, only a
text: few people notice, they stop praying.
speaker_heading: PEOPLE
dialog: (panic, confusion)
dialog: Who's that?... What is he...oh, my God...
text: Avi is the first one out of his chair, walks right at Drake.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: (calm, forceful)
dialog: Put down the weapon. Put it down....
text: Drake shoots him. Avi goes down, writhing in pain. Screams,
text: panic. People come at Drake, but he grabs an 11-year-old
text: girl, puts the gun to her head.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Drake! Up here...
text: Everyone turns, including Drake -- who's blinded by the
text: blood in his eyes, but recognizes the voice.
speaker_heading: ENRAGED MAN
dialog: See, he knows him. The Nazi bastard...
text: Drake moves unsteadily toward the front, pulling the girl
text: with him. A WOMAN (a doctor) goes to tend Avi, who is still
text: conscious. People begin to slip out the back, taking
text: children. Others stay, looking to jump Drake, but he keeps
text: the .357 on the little girl.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to Carla, Miriam, Stuart)
dialog: Get everybody out of here. Fast.
text: He steps back onto the bema, separating himself from the
text: others and drawing Drake's attention. The clock reads 7:28.
text: Outside we begin to hear SIRENS....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Drake...
text: Drake refocuses, pulls the girl on.... From the hall, we
text: hear OTHER GROUPS in the building, chanting....
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Avinu malkenu, choney-nu v'aneyenu...
dialog: Avinu malkenu, choney-nu v'aneyenu,
dialog: ki eyn banu ma-asim...
dialog: (Our father, out king, graciously
dialog: answer us though we are undeserving...)
dialog: -- nu va-aneynu...
text: At the front, Drake wobbles. People start forward. He cocks
text: the gun against the little girl's head. She's weeping silently.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Drake, I'm right here....
text: Drake looks. Danny reaches out a hand. Drake points the .357
text: at him and FIRES, missing. A HAND grabs the little girl,
text: pulls her to safety.
text: The room is nearly empty now, save Miriam, Carla, Stuart, a
text: few others. The AVINU MALKENU can still be heard from the
dialog: hall....
speaker_heading: ENRAGED MAN
dialog: (from the door)
dialog: Let them kill each other. They're
dialog: animals.
speaker_heading: ENRAGED WIFE
dialog: Barry, for God's sake...
text: Drake wobbles from loss of blood. Nearly drops the .357.
text: Danny glances at the clock: 7:30. What is it, another dud??
text: Drake FIRES again, hits Danny in the shoulder....
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Danny!
text: She runs forward. The shoulder hurts; he calls to the others....
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: GET HER OUT OF HERE!
text: Miriam, others, grab Carla, pull Carla toward the door.
text: Drake comes toward Danny, trying to lift the .357 for the kill.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Cha'nainu v'anainu, ki ain baw-nu
dialog: ma'ah-seem...
text: Danny grabs Drake's gun hand, forces it up in the air. The
text: gun goes off. Plaster rains down on them.
text: Drake dies. Danny catches him under the arms.
text: He looks at the watch: 7:32. He relaxes.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (fervent)
dialog: ...Asey imanu tz'dakah va'chesed...
dialog: Asey imanu tz'dakah va'chesd, v'ho-
dialog: shi --
text: The instant before the prayer ends...it's cut off by a
text: sudden silence. Then a FLASH of light...
text: The SCREEN GOES WHITE...
speaker_heading: CARLA'S VOICE
dialog: Danny, no...
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE, YESHIVA -- DAY
dialog: Where we saw Danny leave the school as a 12-year-old. Now
text: LOOKING DOWN, we see Danny as an adult, coming up them two
dialog: at a time.
text: FOLLOWING DANNY as he races up. His old teacher, RAV
text: ZINGESSER, appears on a landing above....
speaker_heading: RAV ZINGESSER
dialog: Danny, good to see you...I wanted to
dialog: take up that discussion we were
dialog: having...
text: (as Danny hurries past)
dialog: ...about Abraham and Isaac.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I can't right now....
text: But as he nears the NEXT LANDING, there is Zingesser waiting
dialog: for him again...
speaker_heading: ZINGESSER
dialog: You remember what you said, that
dialog: Isaac actually died on Mt. Moriah?
dialog: I've been thinking maybe you're
dialog: right... Died yet was reborn in olam
dialog: ha-bah....
text: Danny goes past once more....
text: But now, LOOKING DOWN at Zingesser as he appears above Danny
text: yet again. As Danny nears the landing...
speaker_heading: ZINGESSER
dialog: Danny, stop...
dialog: (as Danny goes by,
dialog: calling after him)
dialog: ...Where are you going?... Don't you
dialog: know, there's nobody up there?
text: As Danny passes the camera we PAN to watch him still racing
dialog: upward. beyond us into the darkness....
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
