dialog: Man on the Moon
dialog: Man on the Moon (1999)
text: by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. VOID - DAY
text: Standing in a nonexistent set is ANDY KAUFMAN, looking a bit
text: nervous. Wide-eyed, tentative, he stares at us with a
text: needy, unsettling cuteness. His hair is slicked-down, and
text: he wears the "FRIENDLY WORLD" costume from the Andy Kaufman
dialog: special.
text: Finally, Andy speaks -- in a peculiar FOREIGN ACCENT.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: Hallo. I am Andy. Welcoom to my
dialog: movie.
dialog: (beat; he gets upset)
dialog: I hoped the story of my life would
dialog: be nice...but it turned out
dialog: terrible! It is all LIES! Tings
dialog: are mixed up... real people I knew
dialog: play different people. WHAT A MESS!
dialog: So I broke into Universal and cut
dialog: out the junk. Now it's much
dialog: shorter. In fact, this is the end
dialog: of the movie. So tanks for comink!
dialog: Bye-bye!
text: Andy puts a needle on a phonograph, and swelling CLOSING
text: CREDITS MUSIC starts to play. FINAL CREDITS roll.
text: Andy stands frozen, awkwardly looking at the audience.
text: Every time the music ends he picks up the needle and
text: restarts the music. He does that as many times as the
dialog: credits require.
text: Finally, CREDITS END. And then--a sly smile. He leans in.
text: DROPS HIS ACCENT and WHISPERS.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS REGULAR VOICE)
dialog: Okay! Just my friends are left. I
dialog: wanted to get rid of those other
dialog: people... they would have laughed in
dialog: the wrong places.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was only kidding about the
dialog: movie... it's actually PRETTY GOOD!
dialog: It shows everything... from me as a
dialog: little boy until my death --
text: (his eyes pop; he
dialog: covers his mouth)
dialog: Oops!! I wasn't supposed to talk
dialog: about that! Oh. Eh, uh, we better
text: just begin. It starts back in Great
dialog: Neck, Long Island...
text: Andy turns to a primitive 16mm PROJECTOR and turns it on.
text: WHIR! He smiles at the flickering light.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh, yes. I remember it well...
text: We PUSH INTO the white light. It fills our frame, blazing
dialog: whiter, whiter...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KAUFMAN HOUSE - 1957 - DAY
text: A BLACK AND WHITE image slowly becomes COLOR. Great Neck,
text: 1957. An upper-class Jewish neighborhood. In the street,
text: crewcut BOYS play t-ball, laughing and shouting. A fat
text: convertible pulls up to the smallest house, and STANLEY
text: KAUFMAN, 40, gets out. Still in his suit, he's a well-
text: meaning slave to his job -- tired, responsible.
text: Stanley goes over to admire the t-ball game. At bat is his
text: son MICHAEL, 6, a natural charmer. Michael swings -- crack!
text: -- and hits a solid single. Stanley smiles.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: That's my boy! Good swingin',
dialog: kiddo.
dialog: (warm beat; then a
dialog: look)
dialog: Hey -- Michael... where's your
dialog: brother?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: He's inside.
text: Instantly -- Stanley's mood turns black. He frowns angrily,
text: then snatches his briefcase and marches in.
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, KITCHEN - 1957 - DAY
text: Baby CAROL is crying. Mom JANICE, 35, quickly peels
text: carrots, trying to get dinner made. Stanley marches past.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Is he in his room?
speaker_heading: JANICE
text: Of course he's in his room.
dialog: (aggravated)
text: All his "friends" are in there.
text: Stanley glowers. He huffs upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, HALLWAY - 1957 - DAY
text: Stanley hurries up to Andy's shut door. We hear little Andy
text: doing VOICES.
speaker_heading: ANDY (O.S.)
speaker_heading: (as WORRIED GIRL)
dialog: But professor, why are the monsters
dialog: growing so big?
speaker_heading: (now as BRITISH
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR)
text: It's something in the jungle water.
dialog: I need to crack the secret code.
text: Stanley rolls his eyes. He opens the door...
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, ANDY'S ROOM - 1957 - DAY
text: ...revealing ANDY, 8, performing for the wall. Andy is
text: happy and enthusiastic... as long as he's acting.
speaker_heading: ANDY
speaker_heading: (as BRITISH
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR)
dialog: Maybe I should talk to the natives.
dialog: (as dancing NATIVES)
dialog: Shoom boom boo ba! Shoom boom boo
dialog: ba --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Andy!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Oh!
text: The boy suddenly turns off, becoming introverted... awkward.
text: Frustrated, Stanley stares at his son.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Andy, this has to stop. Our house
dialog: isn't a television station. There
text: is not a camera in that wall.
text: Andy glances over at the wall. Hmm.
speaker_heading: STANLEY (cont'd)
dialog: (trying to cope)
dialog: Son... listen to me. It isn't
dialog: healthy. You should be outside,
dialog: playing sports.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: But I've got a sports show.
dialog: Championship wrestling, at five.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (he blows his top)
dialog: You know that's not what I meant!
dialog: Look, I'm gonna put my foot down!
dialog: No more playing alone. You wanna
dialog: perform, you GOTTA have an audience!
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: (he points at the
dialog: wall)
dialog: B-but I have them.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: No! That is NOT an audience! That
dialog: is PLASTER! An audience is people
dialog: made of flesh! They -- live and
dialog: breathe! Got it?!
text: Andy thinks, considering his options. Then, he nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, FAMILY ROOM - 1957 - LATER THAT DAY
text: Baby Carol sits in her crib. Andy's hands suddenly YANK her
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, ANDY'S ROOM - 1957 - DAY
text: Andy hurries in and plops Carol down on the floor. She
text: dutifully sits there, deadpan.
text: Andy returns to the center of the room. He resumes his
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: ANDY
speaker_heading: (as KIDDIE SHOW
speaker_heading: HOST)
dialog: And now, boys and girls! It's time
dialog: for... TV Fun House!
dialog: (he makes an
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE SOUND)
dialog: Hi, everybody! Are you ready for a
dialog: singalong? I'll say the animal, and
dialog: you make his sound! Okay...? Okay!
dialog: (he starts to SING)
dialog: "Oh, the cow goes........."
text: Carol stares, unblinking. Then --
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Moo.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he smiles, pleased)
dialog: "And the dog goes......"
speaker_heading: CAROL
speaker_heading: WOOF!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: "And the cat says......"
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. NY NIGHTCLUB - 1975 - NIGHT
text: TIGHT on ANDY, now GROWN UP. 26-years-old, still performing
dialog: the song.
scene_heading: DRUNK AUDIENCE
dialog: MEOW!!
text: WIDE - It's a small, hip New York nightclub.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: "And the bird says..."
scene_heading: DRUNK AUDIENCE
dialog: TWEET!!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: "And the lion goes..."
scene_heading: DRUNK AUDIENCE
speaker_heading: ROAR!!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: "And that's the way it goes!"
dialog: (he grins)
dialog: Thank you. Goodbye!
text: Andy waves and bows. There's faint scattered applause.
text: Andy sighs. An irritated MANAGER steps onstage. He shoots
text: Andy a disgruntled look, then takes the mike.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
text: The comedy stylings of Andy Kaufman,
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen!
text: In the b.g., Andy starts packing up his props: Hand puppets,
text: conga drums, a phonograph... it all goes into a big bulky
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NY NIGHTCLUB - 1975 - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The club is empty. At the bar, the manager cleans up. Andy
text: eagerly comes over. Offstage, his presence is soft, placid
text: -- his voice barely above a whisper.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: So, Mr. Besserman, same slot
dialog: tomorrow...?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: Eh, I dunno... Andy. I'm...
dialog: thinkin' of letting you go...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You're firing me??
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You don't even pay me!
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Look -- I don't wanna seem
dialog: insulting. But... your act is like
dialog: amateur hour: Singalongs...
dialog: puppets... playing records...
text: A stunned beat. Andy is hurt.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: What do you want? "Take my wife,
dialog: please"??
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Sure! Comedy! Make jokes about the
dialog: traffic. Do impressions. Maybe a
dialog: little blue material...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I don't swear. I -- I don't do what
dialog: everyone else does!
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Well, everyone else gets this place
dialog: cookin'! Pal, it's hard for me to
dialog: move the booze when you're singin'
dialog: "Pop Goes The Weasel."
text: Andy stares, disheartened.
speaker_heading: MANAGER (cont'd)
dialog: I'm sorry. You're finished here.
text: An uncomfortable beat -- and then Andy starts crying.
text: The manager is dumbfounded. He doesn't know what to do.
text: Tears are rolling pitifully down Andy's cheeks. The manager
text: is confused -- totally disoriented. Shamed, Andy covers his
text: face, then runs out. Silence. The manager stares after
text: him... having no idea what just happened.
scene_heading: EXT. NY NIGHTCLUB - 1975 - NIGHT
text: Sobbing Andy bursts out the door. He steps onto the
text: sidewalk -- and IMMEDIATELY STOPS CRYING. Just like that.
text: Andy lifts his big case and starts walking. Andy shakes his
text: head angrily.
text: He turns down a dark street, hurrying alone through an
text: unsavory New York neighborhood. But then... TWO MEN
text: appear... silently approaching. Andy stops uncertainly --
text: debating whether to turn around. But in that second -- the
text: thugs are upon him, glaring menacingly.
speaker_heading: THUG #1
dialog: Give us your wallet.
text: Andy stares fearfully. An anxious moment. He thinks...
dialog: considering his options.
text: Then, he suddenly stammers in a thick FOREIGN ACCENT.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: I -- doo not unterstand!!
speaker_heading: THUG #1
dialog: Give us your money!
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: What?? What mooney? Abu daboo! I
dialog: do not have mooney!
text: The thugs glance at each other.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd)
dialog: Pleaze! I just move to America
dialog: yezterday! I do not know!
speaker_heading: THUG #1
dialog: What's in the case?
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: NO! Eeet, eet is just perzonal
dialog: trifles from my homeland --
speaker_heading: THUG #2
dialog: Shut up! Gimme that thing!
text: The guy snatches the case. He impulsively BREAKS the
text: lock... and clothes, congas and records fall out.
text: The thugs are dismayed.
speaker_heading: THUG #1
dialog: Goddamn immigrants!
speaker_heading: THUG #2
dialog: This guy's pathetic. Let's go.
text: Harsh glances. They angrily turn and leave.
text: Andy takes a nervous breath, then starts picking his things
text: off the street. He shouts after the guys:
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: Tank you veddy much...!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NY IMPROV - 1975 - NIGHT
text: The Improv, the biggest comedy club around. People are
text: lined up, waiting. The man strides up -- GEORGE SHAPIRO, a
dialog: Hollywood talent manager. George is old school: Bronx
text: accent, shmooze and a hug... but with a surprising sweetness
text: that is quite disarming. A DOORMAN sees him, grins, and
dialog: waves George in.
scene_heading: INT. NY IMPROV, BAR - 1975 - NIGHT
text: The bar is packed with COMICS and SHOW BIZ TYPES. A few
text: turn and smile -- "George!" "Hey, George!" George takes a
text: couple hands, whispers to someone else, then drifts into
dialog: the...
scene_heading: INT. NY IMPROV, SHOWROOM - 1975 - NIGHT
text: Where the show's in progress. Owner BUDD FRIEDMAN sees
text: George and gives him a bear-hug. Then he hustles George to
text: a table.
text: George sits -- and gives the stage his undivided attention.
text: Up there is a WISEASS COMIC.
speaker_heading: WISEASS COMIC
dialog: So I'm getting my mother-in-law a
dialog: special Christmas present: A pre-
dialog: paid funeral! The mortician asked
dialog: me if I wanted her buried, embalmed
dialog: or cremated. I said, "Make it all
dialog: three! I'm not takin' any chances!"
speaker_heading: (the crowd LAUGHS)
dialog: Thank you. Good night!
text: The comic waves and exits. APPLAUSE. George politely
text: claps. A PIANO PLAYER jumps in with an upbeat show tune.
text: We think there's a break... when Andy suddenly, awkwardly
text: steps on stage. He is in character as Foreign Man. Pink
text: jacket, tie, hair slicked back, frightened like a deer in
text: headlights. He puts down his big case, pulls out various
text: junk, and arranges it on chairs.
text: The room hushes, uncertain as to who the hell this guy is.
text: Andy tentatively grabs the mike. The stagefright is agony.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: Now? Now...?
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Tank you veddy much. I am very
dialog: happy to be here. I tink -- this is
dialog: a very beautiful place. But one
dialog: ting I do not like is too much
dialog: traffic. Tonight I had to come
dialog: from, eh, and the freeway, it was so
dialog: much traffic. It took me an hour
dialog: and a half to get here!
text: Andy chuckles, as if this were a punchline.
text: Silence. The crowd is baffled.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd)
dialog: But -- talking about the terrible
dialog: things: My wife. Take my wife,
dialog: please take her.
text: Yikes. A few NERVOUS LAUGHS.
text: Andy gestures, as if they got the joke.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd)
dialog: No really, I am only foolink. I
dialog: love my wife very much. But she
dialog: don't know how to cook. You know,
dialog: one time, she make a steak and
dialog: mashed potato. Ehh, and the night
dialog: before, she make spaghetti and
dialog: meatballs. Her cooking is so bad...
dialog: is terrible.
text: People are embarrassed. Some avert their eyes. A couple
text: hipsters laugh mockingly.
text: George leans forward. Andy wipes the sweat from his brow.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd)
dialog: Right now, I would like to do for
dialog: you some imitations. So first, I
dialog: would like to imitate Archie Bunker.
dialog: (no change in his
dialog: voice)
dialog: "You stupid, everybody ees stupid!
dialog: Ehh, get, get out of my chair
dialog: Meathead... go in the, eh, Dingbat
text: get into the kitchen, making the
dialog: food! Ehh, everybody ees stupid! I
dialog: don't like nobody, ees so stupid!"
dialog: Tank you veddy much.
dialog: (pleased, he proudly
dialog: bows)
dialog: Now I would like to imitate Jimmy
dialog: Carter, the President of the United
dialog: States.
dialog: (no change in his
dialog: voice)
dialog: "Hello, I am Jimmy Carter, the
dialog: President of the United States."
text: Some people BOO and walk out. A few giggle, getting into
dialog: the groove.
text: George is intrigued.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd)
dialog: And now... I would like to imitate
dialog: the Elvis Presley.
text: A woman LAUGHS caustically. Andy grins stupidly, then turns
text: his back to us. He presses "Play" on a CASSETTE RECORDER...
text: and the THEME FROM 2001 starts playing.
text: House lights dim dramatically. With a flourish, Andy pulls
text: tape off his pants -- revealing rhinestones. He removes his
text: pink coat -- putting on a white jeweled jacket.
text: He combs his hair.
text: Then he brushes his hair.
text: Then he combs his hair some more.
text: Finally he picks up a guitar, strikes a pose -- and spins
dialog: around.
scene_heading: He is ELVIS. CONFIDENT. SEXY. LIP CURL. DEAD-ON PERFECT.
text: The crowd is blown away.
text: Vegas Elvis INTRO MUSIC suddenly blasts. Andy/Elvis
text: swaggers stage left and takes a bow. Then he goes stage
text: right and takes a bow. Then he returns stage left for
text: another bow.
text: Music STOPS.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS ELVIS)
dialog: Thank you very much.
dialog: Wow. Flabbergasted, people APPLAUD. This man is Elvis.
text: Suddenly -- "JAILHOUSE ROCK" guitar kicks in.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS ELVIS) (cont'd)
speaker_heading: (SINGING)
dialog: "Warden threw a party
dialog: In the county jail!
dialog: Prison band was there
dialog: And they BEGAN to WAIL!"
speaker_heading: ANGLE - GEORGE
text: He is astonished. George cannot quite figure out what's
dialog: going on... but he wants in.
text: He waves Budd over. Budd leans down, and George WHISPERS.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Pst. What's the story with this
dialog: guy?
speaker_heading: BUDD
dialog: I think he's Lithuanian. None of us
dialog: can understand him.
text: George nods admiringly.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: He does a hell of an Elvis.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NY IMPROV, BACKSTAGE - 1975 - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Andy is packing up his things. He very methodically folds
text: each item of clothing, then checks the creases.
text: George strolls up.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hey, I really enjoyed your set.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: Tank you veddy much.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So I understand you're from
dialog: Lithuania?
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: No. Caspiar.
text: George is puzzled.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Caspiar? I haven't heard of that.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: It's a veddy small island in de
dialog: Caspian Sea.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It sunk.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Oh. Hm. I'm uh, sorry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, look, I'm probably out of my
dialog: mind -- but I think you're very
dialog: interesting. If you ever need
dialog: representation... we should talk.
text: George hands him a BUSINESS CARD. Andy reads it -- then his
text: eyes pop. He DROPS the accent.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Mr. Shapiro, it's an honor!!
text: George realizes it's all been an act. He laughs heartily.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Caspiar, huh?!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SOHO HEALTH FOOD RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: A Bohemian health food restaurant, staffed by hippie
text: waitresses in sandals. Andy and George sit together, trying
dialog: to get a sense of each other.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You see, I want to be the biggest
dialog: star in the world.
text: George is surprised at this hubris.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: People love... comedians.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm not a comedian. I have no
dialog: talent.
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: I'm a song-and-dance man.
text: George looks up at Andy -- and inexplicably there is a giant
text: MOIST BOOGER hanging from Andy's nostril.
text: George cringes. He doesn't know what to say.
text: A waitress brings over two plates of awful 70's HEALTH FOOD
text: -- seaweed, beans, stringy paste. George frowns. Andy
dialog: beams.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Mmm! I particularly recommend the
dialog: Lotus root.
text: Andy pulls out a little Handi-wipe and cleanses his hands.
text: Then he starts arranging the food in compulsive little
text: piles: Beans in pinwheel shapes. Sprouts in piles.
text: George peers at the bizarre food behavior.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You show a lot of promise... but...
dialog: my concern is I don't know where to
dialog: book you. You're not a stand-up...
dialog: your act doesn't exactly translate
dialog: to films... help me... where do you
dialog: see yourself?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (bright)
dialog: I've always wanted to play Carnegie
dialog: Hall.
text: George is unsure if that's a joke.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yeah, ha-ha. That's funny.
text: Andy dips his silverware in the water glass. Two dunks,
text: then he dries it with his napkin.
text: George stares, perplexed. He looks back up -- and Andy's
text: booger has suddenly switched nostrils.
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: See, I don't want easy laughs.
text: Andy's about to eat -- but first bows his head in silent
text: prayer. George raises an eyebrow. Andy snaps his head back
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: I want gut reactions! I want that
dialog: audience to go through an
dialog: experience. They love me! They
dialog: hate me! They walk out -- it's all
speaker_heading: GREAT!
text: Andy triumphantly eats a bean. George peers, unable to take
text: the booger anymore. He hands Andy a napkin and points to
text: his nose. Andy nods, removes the rubber booger, and
text: carefully puts it in a little box.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: After I'm famous, I can sell these
dialog: as "Worn by Andy Kaufman."
text: And at that... George is won over. He smiles broadly.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You're insane.
dialog: (then sincere)
dialog: But -- you might also be brilliant.
dialog: Alright, Andy... let's do it.
text: George warmly extends his hand.
text: Andy slowly smiles, then takes George's hand. The men
text: shake. A moment of supreme importance.
scene_heading: EST. BEVERLY HILLS - DAY
text: The glitz strip of Los Angeles. Money. Beauty.
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST - DAY
text: Real working showbiz offices. No glamour at all. It looks
dialog: more like an insurance agency.
text: George sits in his office, reassuring someone on the phone.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
text: Sammy, opening for David Brenner is
dialog: a fine gig. You'll be on the
dialog: road... get some exposure...
text: O.S., a SECRETARY shouts out.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (O.S.)
dialog: Tony Clifton on the phone!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (O.S.)
dialog: He says he's an associate of Andy
dialog: Kaufman's.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (back to the phone)
dialog: Sammy, think about it. I gotta go.
dialog: (he punches a line)
dialog: Hello? George Shapiro here.
text: On the phone, a STACCATO, ABRASIVE NASAL VOICE blares.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (V.O.)
dialog: Uh, yeah. Is this GEORGE SHAPIRO?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Er, yes. Speaking.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (V.O.)
text: "Speaking"! Reeking, seeking,
text: creaking... Freaking!
text: George is baffled.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Can I help you with something?
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah! You stay away from that Andy
dialog: Kaufman, if you know what's good for
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (V.O.)
dialog: You -- you know damn straight who it
dialog: is. Tony Clifton! A name to
dialog: respect. A name to fear.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Beer. Gear. Deer. Ear.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Look... I don't know what your
dialog: problem is...
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (V.O.)
dialog: Kaufman's a lying bastard! If you
dialog: sign him, I'll RUIN YOU!
text: CLICK. Clifton hangs up. George is bewildered.
scene_heading: INT. MEDITATION INSTITUTE UNIVERSITY, CLASSROOM - DAY
text: The light is magical. Soothing SITAR music plays. Andy and
text: fifteen other BAREFOOT STUDENTS sit on mats in a semi-
text: circle. Eyes shut, bodies in different yoga positions, they
text: are all meditating.
text: Facing them on a throne-like chair sits a reverent, Indian
text: YOGI. At his feet is the class teacher, LITTLE WENDY, a
text: teeny lady with an absurdly high-pitched voice.
speaker_heading: LITTLE WENDY
dialog: Now, while continuing your deep
dialog: breathing, slowly open your eyes.
dialog: You should feel rested, relaxed, and
dialog: alert.
text: The students all open their eyes.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: Do any thoughts come...?
speaker_heading: STUDENT #1
dialog: My mind is clear. I feel great.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: Good...
speaker_heading: STUDENT #2
dialog: All the tension is gone from my
dialog: body.
text: The Yogi's eyes go to Andy. Andy smiles sweetly.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I want to thank you, your Holiness.
dialog: My heart is radiating with pure
dialog: energy.
text: The Yogi nods kindly.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: You always had a good heart. But
dialog: I'm proud of the progress you've
dialog: made in your discipline.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yes. TM got me focused. In fact,
dialog: my manager got me a TV gig! It's
dialog: just some new show with no budget,
dialog: but I'm still excited.
text: Oh. The Yogi peers intently.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: Are you at peace with your family?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Um, yes. I haven't fought with
dialog: them, since I started here.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: Goals are important.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I stopped drinking. I gave up
dialog: drugs. And I'm meditating three
dialog: hours a day. It's the center of my
dialog: life...
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: We are all impressed.
text: Andy smiles beatifically. This means a lot.
speaker_heading: LITTLE WENDY
dialog: Okay. Anyone else --?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh, wait! I have a question.
dialog: (beat; working up
dialog: his nerve)
dialog: Is there... is there a secret to
dialog: being funny?
text: Huh? The Yogi thinks hard... squinching up his face.
text: Then... he finally speaks.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: Yes. Silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SNL SET - NIGHT
text: An AUDIENCE sits, waiting for the commercial to end.
text: TECHIES tweak lights. CAMERAMEN get ready.
text: Sitting in VIP seats are Andy's FAMILY. Stanley and Janice
text: are in their late 50's, Michael and Carol in their 20's.
text: They're all anxious.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I still can't believe my brother's
dialog: gonna be on TV...!
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I hope he doesn't get nervous.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What's the difference? This thing's
dialog: on in the middle of the night -- no
dialog: one's even gonna see it.
text: The commercial ends, and the "APPLAUSE" sign blinks. The
text: crowd APPLAUDS. An "ON THE AIR" sign lights up.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: Welcome back to Saturday Night Live!
dialog: And now, as a special treat on our
dialog: first show... musical guest ANDY
dialog: KAUFMAN!!!
text: The SNL orchestra starts the intro into a song. Andy enters
text: the stage with a boom box, and positions himself in front of
text: the microphone. When the vocals are supposed to start, Andy
text: doesn't open his mouth. Instead he looks around --
text: frightened. The band stops... and starts again. Andy
text: remains mute. The Band stops again.
scene_heading: INT. SNL SET, BOOTH - NIGHT
text: The SNL producer, LORNE MICHAELS, looks worried.
speaker_heading: LORNE MICHAELS
dialog: What's happening to him?
scene_heading: INT. SNL SET - NIGHT
text: At that moment, Andy puts the boom box down and blares it
text: loudly. The THEME FROM "MIGHTY MOUSE" plays -- but Andy
text: just blankly stands there.
text: He's purposefully doing nothing.
speaker_heading: MIGHTY MOUSE THEME (V.O.)
dialog: "Although we are in danger,
dialog: We never despair,
dialog: Because we know where there is
dialog: danger
dialog: He is there!"
text: The audience is puzzled. The Kaufmans are alarmed.
scene_heading: INT. SNL SET, BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Lorne Michaels is panicked.
speaker_heading: LORNE MICHAELS
dialog: Oh my God, he's doing nothing. It's
dialog: dead air...!
scene_heading: INT. SNL SET - NIGHT
text: BACK ON ANDY.
speaker_heading: MIGHTY MOUSE THEME (V.O.)
dialog: "We're not worrying at all.
dialog: We're just listening for his
dialog: call..."
text: Then SUDDENLY -- Andy comes to life and triumphantly LIP
speaker_heading: SYNCS.
scene_heading: MIGHTY MOUSE THEME (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: "Here I come to save the day!"
text: Shocked, the crowd HOWLS with LAUGHTER.
text: Then instantly -- Andy resumes his blank expression.
scene_heading: MIGHTY MOUSE THEME (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: "That means that Mighty Mouse is on
dialog: the way!"
text: The audience SCREAMS with glee. The tune ENDS, and the
text: audience APPLAUDS CRAZILY.
text: Delighted, Andy grins and bows.
text: The Kaufmans clap the hardest. Stanley locks eyes with
text: Andy... and the beaming father smiles the proudest of all.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST - DAY
text: George jumps from his desk. Andy is walking in.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy, c'mon IN! Thanks for flyin'
dialog: out here!!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: The stewardess let me keep my
text: headphones.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: That's... terrific! But I got
dialog: something better. This is BIG...
dialog: (giddy; milking the
dialog: moment)
dialog: You are getting a once-in-a-
dialog: lifetime, unbelievably lucrative
dialog: opportunity to star on... a
text: PRIMETIME NETWORK SITCOM!!!!
text: Andy's smile drops. He freezes up.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Sitcom...?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And this is a CLASS ACT! It's the
dialog: guys who did the Mary Tyler Moore
dialog: and Bob Newhart shows! It takes
dialog: place in a taxi stand! And you're
dialog: gonna be the Fonzie!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I'm -- Fonzie?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: NO! The Fonzie! The crazy breakout
dialog: character! The guy that all the
text: kids impersonate and put on their
dialog: lunchboxes!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (soft)
dialog: George, I hate sitcoms.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: HANG ON, you ain't heard the best
dialog: part! ABC has seen your foreign man
dialog: character, and they want to turn him
dialog: into --
dialog: (he checks his
dialog: notes)
dialog: "Latka," a lovable, goofy
dialog: mechanic!!!
text: Long pause. Then -- Andy responds.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: "No"? "No" to which part??
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No to the whole thing. None of it
dialog: sounds good.
text: George is flummoxed.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy... this is every comedian's
dialog: dream.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I told you, I'm not a comedian. And
dialog: sitcoms are the lowest form of
dialog: entertainment: Stupid jokes and
text: canned laughter.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: B-but, this is classy... they did
dialog: Bob Newha--
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm not interested. I want to
dialog: create my own material.
text: Beat. George glares.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You have to do it.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I refuse.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (he explodes)
dialog: LISTEN, you arrogant putz! I've
dialog: been in this business for twenty
dialog: years! I know! If you walk away
dialog: from this opportunity, you will
dialog: never, NEVER see another one like it
dialog: again!!!!
text: Long pause. Andy stares at George, amazed at this passion.
text: Then Andy gets up and looks around the office. He stares at
dialog: the awards... the gold records... emblems of success and
dialog: experience.
text: Andy thinks -- then nods.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Okay. Fine, I'll do it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I have a few terms.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Of course! That's what negotiations
dialog: are for.
text: Andy starts to write on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Writing down my terms.
text: George watches patiently.
text: Andy clicks his pen, done. George smiles and takes the
text: list. He scans it... then his face gets totally befuddled.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Are you makin' fun of me --? This
dialog: is RIDICULOUS!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (blasй)
dialog: Those are my terms.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: They're IMPOSSIBLE!! Jesus!
dialog: (he points at one
dialog: item)
dialog: I mean -- "two guaranteed guest
dialog: shots for Tony Clifton"??! Who is
dialog: this TONY CLIFTON?!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: He's a Vegas entertainer. I used to
dialog: do impressions of him. We sorta...
dialog: got in a fight over that.
text: George gets a look.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: This Clifton called me up. He's a
dialog: loon! He HATES you!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Nah, he just talks tough. But I owe
dialog: him one.
text: Andy smiles ingenuously, then turns stern.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: If I'm the new Fonz... ABC's just
dialog: gonna have to give me what I want.
speaker_heading: (a sarcastic FONZIE
speaker_heading: IMPRESSION)
dialog: Heyyyyyy!
text: George winces. He stares at the list.
scene_heading: INT. ABC CONFERENCE ROOM - LA - DAY
text: George sits across a conference table from three NETWORK
text: SUITS. He stoically reads the men his demands.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Mr. Kaufman will only appear in half
dialog: the episodes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mr. Kaufman requires an undisturbed
dialog: 90 minutes of meditation prior to
dialog: filming.
dialog: (beat)
text: Mr. Kaufman won't rehearse.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mr. Kaufman gets his own network
dialog: Special.
text: The execs are stupefied. Finally -- George delivers the
dialog: clincher.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: And Taxi must guarantee two guest
dialog: appearances to... Tony Clifton.
scene_heading: NETWORK GUYS
dialog: WHO???
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Tony Clifton.
scene_heading: NETWORK GUY #1
dialog: Who is he?!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (solemn)
dialog: I don't know.
text: Long pause. The execs stare at George like he's lost his
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: But Andy says he's fabulous.
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: He also says, these are the terms.
text: The execs' leader, MAYNARD SMITH, shudders hopelessly.
scene_heading: NETWORK GUY #2
dialog: Couldn't Kaufman ask for more money,
dialog: like everyone else?
text: George slowly, sadly shakes his head: No.
text: Maynard glances at his team -- then frowns.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD (cont'd)
dialog: George, we don't book phantom
dialog: performers. The deal's off.
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST - DAY
text: GEORGE throws his attachй case on the desk, then slumps into
text: his chair. He picks up the phone and dials.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy?
speaker_heading: ANDY (O.S.)
dialog: Hi George!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Eh, hi, Andy. Look, this Tony
dialog: Clifton... is he performing
dialog: anywhere?
speaker_heading: ANDY (O.S.)
dialog: Of course.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But only on Monday nights.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: That's alright. Where...?
scene_heading: INT. MAMA ROMA'S - NIGHT
text: Mama Roma's, a dark Italian restaurant with red booths, wise
text: guys, and cigarette smoke.
text: The Maitre'd guides George to a booth. A small BAND fills
text: the "stage" -- a six-foot space in the back of the room.
text: The lights dim. A BLARING ANNOUNCER speaks.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: And now, Mama Roma's is proud to
dialog: present International Singing
dialog: Sensation... a man who has sold more
dialog: records than Elvis and the Beatles
dialog: combined...
text: George is skeptical.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, Mr.
scene_heading: Entertainment... TONY CLIFTON!
text: The DRUMMER starts a drum roll. Patrons APPLAUD. A LIGHT
text: SPOT hits the entrance area... and nobody enters. The spot
text: is waiting... waiting... still waiting... until the drum
text: roll slows down and stops. The announcer BOOMS again.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, out of respect
dialog: for Mr. Clifton's vocal demands,
dialog: could everyone please extinguish
dialog: your cigarettes and cigars.
text: The crowd GRUMBLES angrily -- then irritably complies. One
text: ANGRY GUY thrusts his cigar into a water glass.
speaker_heading: ANGRY GUY
dialog: Goddamn, I paid five dollars for
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: And now! A man who needs no
dialog: introduction... TONY CLIFTON!
text: The band starts playing lounge standard "VOLARE". And then,
text: obnoxious TONY CLIFTON swaggers out. Tony has a rubbery
text: face, black wig and moustache, sunglasses, a padded belly,
text: and a peach tuxedo with blue shirt and velvet piping.
text: Tony stops, smirks at the audience, and sucks on a
text: cigarette. He blows smoke rings at them.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Heh-heh. How ya all doin'?
text: The crowd is furious.
speaker_heading: ANGRY GUY
dialog: Fuck you!
text: People light back up and start talking. Tony ignores the
text: ruckus. He starts SINGING, pinched and off-key.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "Volare!
dialog: Whoa, whoa.
dialog: Cantare,
dialog: Whoa whoa whoa whoa."
text: George winces. He's horrible.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "I got the wings of your love,
dialog: I got the wings of a dove.
dialog: I got the... uh...
dialog: (forgetting the
dialog: words)
dialog: ... the chicken wings from
dialog: Eh, Kentucky Fried..."
text: The band is lost.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: Oh. Whoop do doo,
dialog: Whoop de di,
dialog: Stick a needle in your eye...
text: The band gives up and stops.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: Eh, the hell with that song.
text: One person CLAPS. Most BOO.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: So how ya doin'!
dialog: (leering)
dialog: How ya doin' over here? How ya
dialog: doin' over there?
text: (he approaches a
speaker_heading: WOMAN)
dialog: How's that pasta carbonara?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Leave me alone.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Okay!
dialog: (he spins around)
dialog: So, you havin' a good time, sir?!
text: Tony approaches a LONELY SAD SACK sitting at the bar. Tony
text: thrusts his mike at the guy.
speaker_heading: SAD SACK
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: SAD SACK
dialog: Bob.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
text: (he reacts as if
dialog: this is enormously
dialog: funny)
text: "Bob"? BOB! Bob bob bob.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Bob what?
speaker_heading: SAD SACK
dialog: Bob Gorsky.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: "Gorsky"? What is that, Polish?
speaker_heading: SAD SACK
dialog: (meek)
dialog: Yes.
text: Tony gets indignant.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Are you tryin' to do some of that
dialog: Polack humor? Well if that's so,
dialog: you can just get the hell out of
dialog: this restaurant!
speaker_heading: SAD SACK
dialog: (timid)
dialog: It's my name.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: SHUT UP! I hate them Polish jokes!
dialog: People are embarrassed.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: I do a clean show! Like, I wouldn't
dialog: do that one... oh, you know it...
dialog: "What do you call a pretty girl in
dialog: Poland"?
speaker_heading: SAD SACK
dialog: (he giggles
dialog: stupidly)
dialog: A -- a tourist.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: See, that's EXACTLY what I'm talkin'
dialog: about!
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: Here! I'LL give you a little humor!
text: Tony snatches Bob's water glass and POURS IT over his head!
text: George is appalled. The crowd is aghast. Bob is wet.
text: People BOO AND HURL THINGS.
text: Bob starts weeping, then bolts up and runs from the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: And stay out, Fatso!
text: The room erupts, outraged. George covers his face, looking
text: ill. Suddenly, Tony snaps at him.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: And YOU. I wanna see you backstage!
text: George is rattled.
scene_heading: INT. MAMA ROMA'S, KITCHEN - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The kitchen staff is working. George wanders around... then
text: finally spots Tony, back to us, eating pasta at the
text: employees' table. Aggravated, George aggressively steps up.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Alright, I'm here. What do you
dialog: want?
text: Tony puts down his fork. He pauses... slowly turns
dialog: around... and is Andy.
text: George GASPS. His eyes bulge.
text: Andy smiles innocently. He gestures to an empty seat.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Are you hungry?
text: George is breathing heavily, like someone about to have a
text: heart attack. His brain melting, he shakily reaches for a
text: chair and sits. George glances down. Lying alongside the
text: food is Tony's rubber face.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I... I-I don't understand this act.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (in jolly spirits)
dialog: It's good old-fashioned
dialog: entertainment. Everyone loves a
dialog: villain.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yeah? Well tell that to the poor
dialog: schlub who you humiliated!
text: Beat -- then Bob strolls over. His real name is BOB ZMUDA.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Hey Andy, good show.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh George, this is Bob Zmuda. Bob
dialog: and I have been buddies for years.
text: George gapes. On closer inspection, Bob is cocky, aloof,
text: and conniving. He and Andy grin naughtily at each other.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: That was a really hot house!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So your name's not Gorsky.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Don't believe everything you hear.
text: George thinks about this -- then laughs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ABC CONFERENCE ROOM - LA - DAY
text: Maynard and the ABC suits sit at the table, mesmerized.
text: George is confidentially whispering to them.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: This has to stay in the room... but
dialog: here's the thing: Andy is Tony. And
dialog: Tony is Andy! They'll deny it up
dialog: and down, but I swear to God,
dialog: they're the same person!
dialog: (with urgency)
dialog: It's smart business! You'll get two
dialog: Andy Kaufmans for the price of one!
text: Maynard thinks about this, quite methodically. A beat, and
text: then he cracks a smile...
scene_heading: INT. ALPHA BETA SUPERMARKET - NIGHT
text: 1 a.m. in the supermarket. Just a few people linger...
text: including Andy, who's at the Space Invaders videogame. Andy
text: stares intently at the screen, eyes piercing, fingers
text: hammering the buttons while he blows up Martians. Andy is
text: oblivious to all around him.
text: In the b.g., George suddenly enters. He looks around the
text: market, then spots Andy. He feverishly runs up.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (still playing the
dialog: game)
dialog: What's up?
text: George grins crazily, ecstatically.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy... THEY SAID YES! They agreed
dialog: to it all! They thought your terms
dialog: were a shining example of your
dialog: "irreverent wit" -- and precisely
dialog: why they want you!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're getting EVERYTHING!
text: Whoa. Andy looks up, astonished. His space station
text: EXPLODES, but he doesn't notice. He turns to George... and
text: slowly smiles sweetly. Genuinely.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Well thank you very much...!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET - DAY
text: The first week of "TAXI." The CAST rehearses on the Taxi
text: set. PRODUCERS watch from the bleachers.
text: (The actual TAXI scene will be determined.) JUDD HIRSCH,
text: TONY DANZA, and MARILU HENNER read their lines.
text: Then... a bored BLACK STAND-IN reads Latka's line.
text: The cast glances around. Tony Danza loses his temper.
speaker_heading: TONY DANZA
dialog: Man, this is bullshit!
dialog: (he marches up to
speaker_heading: the PRODUCER)
dialog: Where's Kaufman? Why isn't he
dialog: here??
text: One producer stands. This is tightly-wound ED WEINBERGER.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You'll see him on Friday when we
dialog: shoot. Now run the lines with
dialog: Rodney.
text: An angry beat. The actors resume...
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET - DAYS LATER
text: The AUDIENCE is filtering in. They fill the studio
text: bleachers.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET, BACKSTAGE - DAY
text: Actors mingle outside the dressing rooms.
speaker_heading: JUDD HIRSCH
dialog: I'm taking bets we do the show with
text: the stand-in.
speaker_heading: MARILU HENNER
dialog: No, I hear Andy arrived. Rumor is
text: he's locked inside his dressing
dialog: room.
text: Judd is surprised.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET, ANDY'S DRESSING ROOM - DAY
text: Andy is meditating. He's tranquil, at total inner peace.
text: Silence -- until a little clock radio CHIRPS.
text: Andy snaps his eyes open. He exhales a few calm breaths,
text: then sits upright. Andy reaches for a sealed envelope, rips
text: it open, and removes a SCRIPT.
text: Andy sighs, opens the script, and starts scanning the pages
text: like a speedreader.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET - LATER THAT DAY
text: Bleachers are full. They're now filming TAXI (the same
text: scene as earlier). On cue, Andy enters as LATKA -- wide-
text: eyed, endearing, in mechanic's overalls.
text: Andy is hilarious. The crowd HOWLS with laughter.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE - TAXI
text: In quick succession, a series of Andy's best Latka moments.
text: He's beloved. The applause grows louder, louder, LOUDER...
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET, BACKSTAGE - DAY
text: TAXI curtain calls. The whole cast takes bows, then runs
text: offstage. Everyone is grinning -- except Andy.
text: He soberly strolls up to Zmuda.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm gonna quit.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: What?!?
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: Each show is worse than the next.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Are you nuts?! 40 million people
dialog: watch you every week!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: So? What do they know?
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Absolutely nothing! That's the
dialog: beauty!
dialog: (he lowers his
dialog: voice)
dialog: It's credibility. You make them
dialog: love you... and then later, on your
dialog: special, you'll screw with their
dialog: heads!
text: Hmm?! Andy raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAYNARD SMITH'S OFFICE - LA - DAY
text: The power office of Maynard Smith, the powerful ABC exec.
text: He shouts into a phone.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: I don't care! Travolta signed a
dialog: contract, he's a Sweathog for
dialog: life!... Oh yeah? Just try to sue
dialog: us.
text: He HANGS up. His ASSISTANT peeks her head in.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Sir, they're having a problem down
dialog: on the Kaufman Special. They say
dialog: he's not following the... technical
dialog: requirements.
text: Maynard is baffled.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: "Technical"???
scene_heading: INT. "KAUFMAN SPECIAL" SET, TECH BOOTH - SAME TIME
text: Andy is in a booth, arguing with a HEAVYSET TECHNICIAN.
text: Zmuda watches and eats a banana.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It's my show! Now make it roll!
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: NO!
text: Maynard strolls up, buttoning his suit jacket, irritated as
text: he walks around Little Wendy meditating in front of a ring
dialog: of candles.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Andy, I hear fabulous things about
dialog: the Special...
dialog: (a delicate pause)
dialog: Eh, I understand we've hit a teeny
dialog: speedbump?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (harried)
dialog: Yeah, Kid Genius told me to mess
dialog: with the horizontal hold! He wants
dialog: the picture to roll!
text: Maynard doesn't exactly understand.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Show me.
text: The technician pushes a button. ON THE MONITOR - Andy's
text: image briefly appears.
speaker_heading: ANDY (ON-SCREEN)
dialog: And now... in her television debut,
dialog: the incredible Chubby Rosalie!!
text: At that moment, Andy's image starts rolling across the
text: screen, until it disappears into a blur of static...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (happy)
dialog: It'll be great. The viewer will
dialog: think their TV is broken. They'll
dialog: get out of their chair, they'll
dialog: twist the knobs, they'll hit the TV,
dialog: but they won't be able to fix it!
text: Maynard stares at the monitor. The totally indecipherable
text: picture still rolls. A glum pause.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Andy... we don't want the viewer to
dialog: get out of their chair. They might
dialog: change the channel.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: But it's funny! It's a practical
dialog: joke. They'll get frustrated!
text: Andy beams giddily. Maynard gazes dully, struggling to
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Andy... uhh... this network has a
dialog: long-standing policy: The viewer
dialog: must be able to see the program.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: But it's only for thirty seconds!
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Five.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Twenty!
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Ten.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Deal.
text: Both men quickly extend their hands and shake. Maynard nods
text: and leaves.
text: Beat. Then, Andy pulls out a Handi-wipe and cleans his
dialog: palm.
text: A STUDIO PAGE walks over. He has a huge MAIL BAG.
speaker_heading: STUDIO PAGE
dialog: Mr. Kaufman, do you want your mail?
text: Andy looks up -- and his face lights up like Christmas.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Andy's crappy apartment, which looks like a dorm room: Cheap
text: furniture, stained carpet, and a framed photo of the
text: Maharishi. Andy lies on his bed, which is covered with
text: THOUSANDS OF LETTERS. He happily chats on the phone.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: ... Yes, it's Andy Kaufman!...
dialog: Really! ...I got your fan letter...
dialog: So you like the show? Your letter
dialog: said I was silly. Did you think I
dialog: was too silly?... Oh good. I'm
dialog: glad.
text: Andy holds a letter which has a GIRL'S SNAPSHOT stapled to
text: it. He is very nervous.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: It was real nice of you to send your
dialog: picture, Mimi... 'Cause you knew
dialog: what I looked like... and now, I
dialog: know what you look like!
text: Andy flips the letter over. He glances at the return
dialog: address.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: So, um... San Bernardino...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's just a couple hours away,
dialog: isn't it...?
scene_heading: EXT. SAN BERNARDINO, DOWNTOWN - DUSK
text: The sun is setting. In an ugly shopping district, Andy
text: walks along with sexy, wholesome MIMI.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: ... so after I finish junior
dialog: college, I'll go to work for my
dialog: dad's accounting firm. Unless, I
dialog: decide to live with my friend
dialog: Valerie, but she wants to move to
dialog: Anaheim, and I don't want to do
dialog: that.
text: A disinterested beat.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh.
text: Another beat.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: So do you wanna wrestle?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Excuse me -- ?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Do you wanna wrestle? It's a good
dialog: way of breaking the ice.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That instant physical intimacy
dialog: really brings two people together.
text: Mimi is bewildered, and offended.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: What are you talking about?! We
dialog: just met an hour ago.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (calm)
dialog: No no no, it's not sex! I mean --
dialog: it can lead to sex... but really,
dialog: it's just wrestling.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I don't wanna talk about it!
text: An awkward silence. They continue walking. She points up.
speaker_heading: MIMI (cont'd)
dialog: The sunset is really beautiful.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: (a bit offput)
dialog: I mean -- uh -- the colors in the
dialog: sky are so vibrant. I love this
dialog: time of day.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he shrugs dully)
dialog: I've never understood that. It's
dialog: just... getting dark.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But I like you! Hey! Why don't we
dialog: fill the car with gas, drive to
dialog: Tijuana, and GET MARRIED???
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MIMI
text: Fear. She shivers, then hoarsely speaks.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I think I wanna go home.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ABC CONFERENCE ROOM - LA - DAY
text: George screens Andy's TV Special for Maynard and his team.
text: The network execs look constipated.
text: ON THE TV - Andy speaks tenderly, lovingly to Howdy Doody.
speaker_heading: ANDY (ON TV)
dialog: You know... I was once in your
dialog: gallery. I was just sitting there
dialog: and I wanted to touch you. I was
dialog: kind of depressed because I could
dialog: see what everyone was like, and I
dialog: was wondering if, now, maybe I
dialog: could... touch you.
text: Very gently, Andy touches Howdy's cheek and starts weeping.
text: THE EXECS -- are horrified.
speaker_heading: ANDY (ON TV)
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: Howdy, I've been
dialog: watching you ever
dialog: since I was a little
dialog: boy...
dialog: (choked up,
dialog: nervous)
dialog: You're the first
dialog: friend from television
dialog: I ever had. I always
dialog: wanted to meet you...
dialog: and now ...I finally
dialog: am.
speaker_heading: EXEC #2
dialog: This is NOT funny.
speaker_heading: EXEC #3
dialog: (ominous)
dialog: "Artsy Fartsy shit"...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (worried at this
dialog: response)
dialog: No... eh, the Special
dialog: isn't all like this...
dialog: just wait... it will be
text: hysterical.
text: At that moment, the picture turns to FUZZY SNOW. Maynard
text: scowls.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Christ! We're the Number One
dialog: Network -- can't we afford decent
dialog: TVs?!
text: Maynard angrily jumps and POUNDS on the TV. BANG, BANG!
text: George winces -- then mutters awkwardly.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No, um... it's part of the snow.
text: An awful beat.
text: Maynard is embarrassed. Finally -- he explodes.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Tell Kaufman we will NEVER air this
dialog: program!!
scene_heading: INT. JERRY'S DELI - NIGHT
text: A delicatessen. Andy wears an apron and angrily cleans
text: tables. He stacks dirty dishes and wipes up the food. Two
text: BLUE COLLAR GUYS gesture from a booth.
scene_heading: BLUE COLLAR GUY 1
dialog: Excuse me, could I please have more
dialog: coffee?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yeah, yeah, in a sec'.
dialog: (he lugs the dishes
dialog: to the kitchen)
dialog: That was decaf, right?
text: The guy nods. Andy hurries over with the coffeepot and
text: starts pouring.
scene_heading: BLUE COLLAR GUY 1
dialog: You know, you look just like Andy
dialog: Kaufman.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yeah, I get that all the time.
text: Andy hurries off. The guy's buddy leans in, whispering.
scene_heading: BLUE COLLAR GUY 2
dialog: I'm telling you, it's him.
scene_heading: BLUE COLLAR GUY 1
dialog: You wanna bet?? If that was him, he
dialog: wouldn't be workin' here, pouring my
dialog: coffee!
scene_heading: NEAR THE KITCHEN
text: Andy dumps out wet coffee grounds. He is sweating. In the
text: b.g., George enters the restaurant. He sees Andy, sits at a
text: table and YELLS OUT.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hey! Could you clear this table and
dialog: bring me a piece of poundcake?
text: Andy turns. They stare down each other.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: Andy, this is ridiculous. Take off
dialog: that apron.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (infuriated)
dialog: NO! I'd rather work here, than at
dialog: ABC. There's no lying in a
dialog: restaurant. They don't promise you
text: a job as a cashier, then suddenly
dialog: make you a frycook!
text: Andy hurries off with a water pitcher. George chases him.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Look, I'm sorry. They're assholes!
dialog: But we work in a creative business.
dialog: You can't predict what people are
dialog: gonna like --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: The ONLY reason I did Taxi was so I
dialog: could have my own Special!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (trying to calm him)
dialog: Tell you what. I'll book you on
dialog: some concerts, and meanwhile, we'll
dialog: show the Special around... see if
dialog: somebody wants to buy it --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (bitter)
dialog: Yeah, we can have a garage sale.
dialog: "Hey look, I got a floor lamp and a
dialog: network TV Special for only fifty
dialog: cents!"
text: A glum moment.
text: Andy fills water glasses.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: How long is left on my Taxi
dialog: contract?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You signed for five years --
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: So four years, seven months.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he looks up)
dialog: Okay... I'll go back. But just let
dialog: them know, first they ain't gettin'
dialog: Latka. They're gettin' Tony!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS A&amp;M COLLEGE AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: A marquee says "TEXAS A&amp;M PRESENTS - ANDY KAUFMAN"
text: Inside, a ROAR of APPLAUSE surges.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE AUDITORIUM - SAME TIME
text: Andy is walking onstage. The excited CLAPPING swells. He's
dialog: a gigantic presence to these people.
text: Andy smiles and bows.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Thank you. It's great to be here.
dialog: We're going to have a very nice
dialog: time. We'll sing some songs --
speaker_heading: SORORITY GIRL
dialog: DO LATKA!!
text: Andy reacts, perturbed. He struggles to stay composed.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Uh, we'll play with puppets --
speaker_heading: DRUNKS IN UNISON
dialog: LATKA! LATTTTKAAAA!!!
text: Andy scowls. Then -- he loses it.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Excuse me one moment.
text: Andy angrily hurries offstage.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE AUDITORIUM, BACKSTAGE - NIGHT
text: Zmuda is with the congas and props. Andy runs up.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Give me the book.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (startled)
dialog: No! Andy, don't do it --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: They're asking for it.
text: Andy fiercely GRABS a small book from Zmuda. Zmuda cringes.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: Andy strides back out. He gazes at the crowd.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Since you're such a special
dialog: audience... I'm going to reveal, for
dialog: the first time ever, the real me.
dialog: (he goes into a
speaker_heading: CLIPPED BRITISH
speaker_heading: ACCENT)
dialog: I'm actually British. I was raised
dialog: in London and educated at Oxford.
dialog: And though I dabble in clowning, I
dialog: do find it so boorish. So...
dialog: American.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I prefer the fine arts. Henceforth,
dialog: tonight, I'd like to grace you with
dialog: a reading of the greatest novel ever
dialog: written!
text: (he holds up the
dialog: book)
dialog: "The Great Gatsby", by F. Scott
dialog: Fitzgerald!!
text: BEAT.
text: Heh? The crowd isn't quite clear if this is good or bad. A
text: confused murmur.
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH)
text: (he cracks open the
dialog: book)
dialog: Chapter One.
dialog: (he starts READING)
dialog: "In my younger and more vulnerable
dialog: years, my father gave me some advice
dialog: that I've been turning over in my
dialog: mind ever since. 'Whenever you feel
dialog: like criticizing anyone,' he told
dialog: me, 'just remember that all the
dialog: people in this world haven't had the
dialog: advantages you've had.'"
text: There's a little NERVOUS LAUGHTER. Is he really gonna read
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH) (cont'd)
dialog: "He didn't say any more, but we've
dialog: always been unusually communicative
dialog: in a reserved way, and I understood
dialog: that he meant a great deal more than
dialog: that..."
text: Suddenly, somebody from the audience screams:
scene_heading: FRAT BOY IN AUDIENCE
dialog: LATKA!!!
text: The audience ROARS approvingly. Andy stops reading and
text: looks at the student. He smiles.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS LATKA)
dialog: Tank you veddy much!!!!
text: The audience APPLAUDS enthusiastically. Andy waits until
text: the applause dies and goes back to the book.
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH)
dialog: "When I came back from the East last
dialog: autumn, I felt that I wanted the
dialog: world to be in uniform and at a sort
dialog: of moral attention forever; I wanted
text: no more riotous excursions with
text: privileged glimpses into the human
dialog: heart..."
text: People start BOOING. Andy looks up.
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH) (cont'd)
dialog: Please, let's keep it down. We have
dialog: a long way to go.
dialog: (he resumes reading)
dialog: "Only Gatsby, the man who gives his
dialog: name to this book, was exempt from
dialog: my reaction - Gatsby, who
dialog: represented everything for which I
dialog: have an unaffected scorn..."
text: The crowd is incredulous.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE AUDITORIUM - LATER THAT NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH)
dialog: Chapter Two.
text: The crowd is horribly bored.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE AUDITORIUM, BACKSTAGE - NIGHT
text: The clock says 11:30. The PROMOTER glares at Zmuda.
speaker_heading: PROMOTER
dialog: Is he ever going to stop?
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (dour)
text: Sure. When he reaches "The End."
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE AUDITORIUM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: People are streaming out. Maybe fifty are left. Andy
text: realizes this -- but is committed. He must continue.
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH)
dialog: "Tom was evidently perturbed at
text: Daisy's running around alone, for on
dialog: the following Saturday night he came
text: with her to Gatsby's party. Perhaps
dialog: his presence gave the evening its
dialog: peculiar quality of
dialog: oppressiveness..."
text: A weak VOICE feebly shouts:
speaker_heading: WEAK VOICE
dialog: Do Latka.
text: Andy looks up, shocked. Insulted, he "blows his temper."
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH)
dialog: Look! I don't have to tolerate this
dialog: impoliteness! Forget it -- I'm
dialog: gonna stop the show. GOODBYE!
text: He slams the book shut. People CHEER. Andy starts to storm
text: off -- then turns.
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH) (cont'd)
dialog: No, no, I'm only fooling.
text: The audience GROANS.
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH) (cont'd)
dialog: I'll tell you what. Would you
dialog: rather have me continue reading or
dialog: would you like to hear the
dialog: phonograph record?
text: The audience ROARS for the record. Andy smiles, puts the
text: needle on and to everyone's horror more "Gatsby" comes out.
scene_heading: ANDY (BRITISH-FROM THE RECORD)
dialog: "His presence gave the evening its
dialog: peculiar quality of oppressiveness -
dialog: it stands out in my memory from
dialog: Gatsby's other parties that
dialog: summer..."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE AUDITORIUM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: There are six people left in the audience. Andy reads on.
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH)
dialog: "Tomorrow we will run faster,
dialog: stretch out our arms farther... And
dialog: one fine morning - So we beat on,
dialog: boats against the current borne back
dialog: ceaselessly into the past."
text: Andy somberly shuts the book.
speaker_heading: ANDY (BRITISH) (cont'd)
dialog: The End.
text: A moment of quiet personal euphoria. Andy looks enraptured,
text: the man who has just climbed Everest.
text: A pause -- but no applause. It's dead silence. Andy looks
text: out... and realizes the few audience members are asleep.
text: Andy shrugs, then shuffles off-stage.
text: In the wings, Zmuda snores loudly in a folding chair.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE AUDITORIUM - DAWN
text: Andy and Zmuda walk out, Zmuda squinting groggily. They
text: drag the suitcase containing the props. They walk slowly
text: towards their rental car, the campus totally deserted.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Nobody likes anarchy more than me...
dialog: but this is science fiction!
text: Andy nods uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Let's get some breakfast.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST - DAY
text: George is yelling at Andy and Zmuda. They are seated on his
text: couch, heads bowed in shame.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What kind of show was this??!
dialog: (angrily reading off
speaker_heading: a LIST)
dialog: There were three-hundred walkouts!
dialog: The promoter wants a refund!
text: Andy mumbles in a pipsqueak whimper.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm sorry, George...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You're DAMN RIGHT you're sorry!
dialog: (turning on Zmuda)
dialog: And you -- you're the road manager!
dialog: You should be watchin' out for him!
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (a guilty sigh)
dialog: We might have lost our focus...
text: George paces furiously.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: When you play the Midwest and South,
dialog: you DON'T MINDFUCK THESE PEOPLE!
dialog: It's not postmodern -- it's rude.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you wanna perform in Texas, you
dialog: give 'em Mighty Mouse! You give 'em
dialog: Elvis!!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: But George, I like to push the
dialog: boundaries...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And that's great. But do it in LA
dialog: and New York! There you experiment!
dialog: Show up with a sleeping bag and take
dialog: a nap on stage! I don't care!
text: Hmm. Andy thinks.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: How long would they let me sleep?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I don't know!
dialog: (he composes himself
text: and lowers his voice
dialog: to a hush)
dialog: Andy... you need to look inside: Who
dialog: are you trying to entertain? The
dialog: audience... or yourself?
speaker_heading: ANGLE - ANDY
text: He doesn't know the answer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST, BATHROOM - DAY
text: Andy is manically washing his hands. Using liquid soap from
text: the dispenser, then rubbing his hands under the water. Then
text: more liquid soap. More rubbing. Then more liquid soap...
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST - DAY
text: George sighs at Zmuda.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'm worried about Andy. His stress
dialog: level is affecting his work.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (he thinks)
dialog: Isn't Tony Clifton going on Taxi
dialog: soon? Maybe that'll chill him out.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Bob, Andy needs to RELAX. See if
dialog: you can get him away from all this.
dialog: Take him to Hawaii, or Bali... Find
dialog: something special. Something
dialog: nice...
text: Zmuda mulls this over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSTANG RANCH, NEVADA - DAY
text: A tattered sign says "Welcome to the MUSTANG RANCH." The
text: world-famous whorehouse sits behind a barb-wire fence.
text: Dusty connected trailers sit in the sand.
text: A CAR idles out front. Zmuda and a scared Andy sit inside.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I dunno about this...
dialog: (worried)
dialog: What will my mother think?
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: She'll say, "Now my son is a man."
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It's so dirty.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Nah. The girls sponge off between
dialog: johns.
text: Andy nods.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG RANCH - DAY
text: The reception room -- wood paneling and black-lite posters.
text: Music is playing. Twenty deadpan HOOKERS are lined up.
text: Andy, nervous as a high school kid, points at one... then
dialog: another... then the first...
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Which one?
text: Beat -- then Andy becomes GERMAN, with a monocle and stiff
dialog: walk.
speaker_heading: ANDY (GERMAN)
dialog: I vill haf both! I vill haf dat
dialog: fraulein... unt... the vun vith the
dialog: big strudels!
text: The two chosen girls take Andy's hands and lead him off. He
text: reaches the door -- then gives Zmuda a nervous look. Zmuda
text: smiles reassuringly. Andy gulps, and goes in...
text: Beat. Zmuda turns to the older, jaded MADAM.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: This is a big day. It's my friend's
dialog: first time with a prostitute.
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: What're you talking about? Andy
dialog: comes here almost every weekend.
text: Zmuda's jaw drops, stupefied.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: You're talking about... Andy?
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: Oh, he doesn't always call himself
dialog: that. Sometimes he's Tony, and
text: wears a tux.
text: Disbelief -- then Zmuda LAUGHS sharply. He's been conned.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG RANCH, BEDROOM - DAY
text: Andy and the two hookers are WRESTLING. They grapple and
text: roll around, all three of them in their underwear.
text: Suddenly Andy flips the girls over and pins them with his
dialog: arms.
text: Breathing hard, he stares down.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You let me win.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (she giggles sexily)
dialog: What if we did...?!
text: Andy grins and leans down...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey. If I give you three-hundred
dialog: dollars, will you come to LA and
dialog: help me destroy a TV show?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET, REHEARSAL ROOM - DAY
text: The Taxi cast sits irritably around a big table, holding
text: scripts. Ed Weinberger enters.
speaker_heading: TONY DANZA
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: ED
text: He just arrived.
speaker_heading: CAROL KANE
text: He's an hour late.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Look, I'm told this Clifton guy is a
dialog: little eccentric. You're all just
dialog: gonna have to roll with the punches
dialog: this week.
text: Suddenly -- the door SLAMS open. Tony bounds in, filthy
text: drunk, clutching a bottle in a brown bag.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Taxi! Laxy! Just the factsy,
dialog: Maxie! Them's all the words that
dialog: rhyme with taxi!... Right, girls?
text: Little Wendy and the Hooker sashay in, dressed as tarts.
text: Tony feels them up, and they SQUEAL. The cast stares in
dialog: horror.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: Eh, why the blue faces? You musta
dialog: read the script!
dialog: (he chuckles)
dialog: Well, don't worry! Your pal Tony
dialog: stayed up all night, writin' some
text: fixes on it.
dialog: (he pulls out some
speaker_heading: SCRIBBLED PAGES)
dialog: I added me a musical number, cut out
dialog: Judd Hirsch, and changed the
dialog: location to Mardi Gras!
text: Ed's expression goes ashen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET - LATER THAT DAY
text: An attempted rehearsal. Tony is tap-dancing on top of a car
text: hood. He does a "fancy" move, and his booze bottle suddenly
text: flies away and CRASHES against the wall.
text: The cast watches, pissed and bored.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: And now, the new theme song!
dialog: (he starts SINGING)
dialog: "Oh yes, we drive a taxi,
dialog: And we're havin' fun.
dialog: Yeah, we work together,
dialog: And we get the freakin' job done."
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET, TECH BOOTH - DAY
text: Beleaguered Ed sits with George.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: George, we've lost two days.
dialog: Filming is on Friday. We HAVE to
dialog: let him go!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I'm not sure how Andy's gonna take
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So we'll go downstairs and tell him!
text: He points at Tony, swaggering around on the set. George
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: But that's Tony down there. That's
dialog: not Andy. Trust me, it's like
dialog: "Sybil" -- Andy's nowhere on the
dialog: premises!
text: Ed glares.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well whoever the fuck that is, I'm
dialog: firing him!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (he sighs)
dialog: Okay. But we'll have to warn Andy
dialog: first. I think he's up in San
text: Francisco, doing a concert.
text: Heh? Ed raises his eyebrows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET, TECH BOOTH - SECONDS LATER
text: George is on the phone. Ed hovers.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hi, Diane, this is George. I'm
dialog: trying to reach Andy up in San
dialog: Francisco.
dialog: (a stilted pause)
dialog: Yeah, I'll wait.
text: Ed glances down at the stage... and suddenly Tony is no
text: longer there. He's magically vanished.
dialog: Beat.
text: George turns on the SPEAKERPHONE, then CLICK! Andy's happy
text: voice pops on the line.
speaker_heading: ANDY (V.O.)
dialog: Hi, George! Good to hear from you!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hi, Andy. How's the weather up
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: ANDY (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, you know the Bay Area! Always
dialog: foggy!
text: Ed looks totally off-balance. George winks at him.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'm here with Ed over at Taxi.
dialog: There's been some trouble with Tony.
speaker_heading: ANDY (V.O.)
dialog: Oh no! Did he get hurt?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, no, Andy, nothing like that.
dialog: (nervous beat)
dialog: But... Tony's not fitting in. His
dialog: style of performance is too...
dialog: burlesque.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET, ANDY'S DRESSING ROOM - DAY
text: Tony is on the phone. Little Wendy is busily refilling his
text: whiskey bottle with canned ice tea. He looks up, insulted.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (AS ANDY)
dialog: "Burlesque"?
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET, TECH BOOTH - DAY
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Andy, I'm calling you up like this
dialog: because I have the utmost respect
dialog: for your artistry. But -- I need
dialog: your permission to fire him.
speaker_heading: ANDY (V.O.)
dialog: Oh dear!
dialog: (upset)
dialog: George, this is gonna kill Tony.
dialog: He's waited his whole life for this
dialog: break.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: There'll be other shots.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Andy, I have to do it. He's a
dialog: terrible actor.
text: Andy thinks about this.
speaker_heading: ANDY (V.O.)
dialog: I guess I understand. But Ed --
dialog: please... let him down gentle.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yes, Andy, I will.
text: Andy hangs up. A relieved Ed turns to George.
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TAXI SET - LATER THAT DAY
text: Tony SCREAMS insanely.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: FUCK YOU! I AIN'T GOIN'!!
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: Ed is stupefied. The cast stands nervously behind him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We had a deal!!
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: I don't know what yer talkin' about.
dialog: You musta talked to someone else --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah!! I talked to Andy Kaufman!
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: I don't know nothin' about no
dialog: Kaufman. He's been ridin' my
dialog: coattails, smearing my reputation.
dialog: Been usin' my good name, to get
dialog: places.
text: Ed is livid. He gazes harshly at Tony -- Tony's burning
text: eyes piercing through the rubber features.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Get off my stage! You're fired!
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: I GOT A CONTRACT!! I'm gonna take
dialog: you to the DEPARTMENT OF LABOR!
text: Suddenly -- FLASH! Ed looks over. A REPORTER has a camera.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Who're YOU?!
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: I'm from the LA Times. We're doing
text: a little puff piece on Mr. Clifton.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mr. Kaufman arranged it.
text: UP IN THE BLEACHERS - George enters. He looks down at the
text: growing debacle, and winces. Uh-oh.
text: ONSTAGE - Enraged, Ed blows up.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Security! Escort this man off the
dialog: lot!!
text: ONSTAGE - Studio SECURITY GUARDS run over. They GRAB Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
text: Stop! GETCHER HANDS OFF ME!
text: Tony scuffles. The camera FLASHES.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: LEMME GO! I'M A BIG STAR!
text: IN THE BLEACHERS - George stares at this mess... and starts
text: giggling.
text: ONSTAGE - Two guards drag Tony to the door.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: You'll be SORRY! One day I'm gonna
dialog: OWN this town!!
text: Tony SCREAMS and gets removed. Dead silence. Then --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I don't want those pictures getting
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (to the reporter)
dialog: This is a closed set. You'll have
dialog: to give me the film in that camera.
text: The Guard reaches for the camera. An uncertain moment...
text: until Zmuda authoritatively cuts in, from out of nowhere.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: I'll take care of this.
text: Zmuda takes the camera. He casually starts to make his way
text: for the exit... when Ed suddenly HOLLERS.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Wait -- he's one of THEM!
text: Zmuda gasps. Two guards go running for him.
text: Zmuda barrels away, trying to escape. The guards chase.
text: Zmuda races by George, and suddenly palms off the camera
text: into George's arms. The guards whip by, oblivious.
text: George grimaces, unclear about his loyalties. He sweatily
text: peers at the timebomb in his hands.
text: And then -- George thrusts it under his jacket. He bolts
text: for the door and feverishly scampers out.
scene_heading: EXT. PARAMOUNT LOT - DAY
text: George runs for his life. He knocks aside a rack of
text: costumes and serpentines between people.
text: At the gate, Tony's being dragged, kicking and screaming.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Stop! HELP! You wouldn't do this
dialog: to Wayne Newton --
text: The guards toss Tony out the gate. He lands in a heap.
text: In the b.g., George crazily flies by. He gets out the exit.
scene_heading: EXT. PARAMOUNT LOT, OUTSIDE THE GATES - DAY
text: George doubles over, trying to catch his breath. He glances
text: down... and Tony is lying next to him. Little Wendy and
text: Zmuda run up, out of breath.
text: They all look at each other. There's a moment of
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Hey. Good hustlin'.
text: George slowly smiles.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI OFFICES - SAME TIME
text: Ed storms in, insanely angry.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That asshole! That FUCKING
dialog: BASTARD!!
dialog: (he SLAMS the door
dialog: behind him)
dialog: We had a fuckin' deal, and THAT
dialog: COCKSUCKER SHAFTED ME!!
text: Ed is seething. His SECRETARY timidly speaks.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Um, Ed... you have a phone call --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'M NOT IN!
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Well, um... it's Andy Kaufman...
text: Heh??! Shaking with fury, Ed stares at the telephone...
text: then slowly picks it up.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah???
text: A long pause... then Andy's voice calmly speaks.
speaker_heading: ANDY (V.O.)
dialog: You were brilliant.
text: A flabbergasted beat.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ANDY (V.O.)
dialog: You were in the moment. You became
text: a producer losing his mind.
dialog: (sincerely joyful)
dialog: It was the best improv I've ever
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: TIGHT - ED
text: He thinks intently about this. And then... amazingly, a
text: magnificent smiles comes over his face.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well -- thank you.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ANDY (V.O.)
dialog: Okay. See you next week.
text: Andy hangs up. Ed just sits there, astounded.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LA HEALTH FOOD RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Andy, Zmuda, George and Little Wendy are squeezed in a
text: booth, laughing and celebrating. They eagerly read the LA
dialog: Times.
text: INSERT - The headline says "WHO IS TONY CLIFTON?" Below is
text: a PHOTO of Tony being thrown off the Taxi set.
dialog: They all HOWL.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: This is great! It makes Tony REAL -
dialog: - three-dimensional! It's very good
dialog: for his career.
text: Zmuda reads one paragraph.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: "Was this in actuality Andy Kaufman?
dialog: And if it was Andy Kaufman, is Andy
dialog: Kaufman crazy?"
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he chortles)
dialog: Boy, they totally fell for it! I'm
dialog: only acting crazy!
text: Hmm. A few awkward glances.
text: Then -- Andy grins at his meal.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Boy, this is tasty.
text: (he shouts to a
speaker_heading: WAITER)
dialog: Hey, can I please have some more
dialog: seaweed?!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOOKER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: A slick BOOKER, sitting in a crowded office full of head
text: shots. He's on the phone. He's reading the LA Times story.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Mr. Shapiro, this is Gene Knight, up
dialog: at Harrah's Tahoe. We'd like to
dialog: book Andy Kaufman for our showroom.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST - DAY
text: George on the phone.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ehh -- Andy doesn't really like
dialog: playing casinos. The audiences
dialog: don't work well for him.
speaker_heading: BOOKER (O.S.)
dialog: Oh.
text: Disappointed beat. The booker thinks.
speaker_heading: BOOKER (O.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: What about Tony Clifton?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Really?! You want Tony Clifton to
dialog: headline Harrah's Tahoe??
speaker_heading: BOOKER (O.S.)
dialog: (being tricky)
dialog: Eh, sure. We're trying to expand
dialog: our audience base -- and I know the
dialog: college kids really love Andy
dialog: Kaufman.
text: George winces.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Look -- I gotta be clear with you.
dialog: Tony Clifton is NOT Andy Kaufman.
speaker_heading: BOOKER (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know!
dialog: (he LAUGHS merrily)
dialog: Wink wink! Nudge nudge!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: No, I'm serious. If you book Tony,
dialog: do NOT EXPECT TO GET ANDY.
speaker_heading: BOOKER (O.S.)
speaker_heading: (LAUGHING harder)
dialog: I'll take my chances!!
text: George rolls his eyes in annoyance. Finally, he shrugs.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Fine, be my guest! Book him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BLVD - DAY
text: George is driving in his convertible. Suddenly, something
text: catches his eye -- and in shock he HITS the brakes. Three
text: cars behind him SCREECH crazily, trying not to hit each
dialog: other.
text: George is oblivious. He's staring up at a BILLBOARD.
text: The BILLBOARD: It says "HARRAH'S TAHOE PRESENTS, ANDY
scene_heading: KAUFMAN &amp; TONY CLIFTON! TOGETHER ON STAGE! ONE NIGHT
dialog: ONLY!"
text: George is flabbergasted.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BLVD, PHONEBOOTH - DAY
text: George is shouting into a payphone.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Gene, you misunderstood!! You're
dialog: not getting BOTH of them!
dialog: (upset)
dialog: It's physically impossible!
speaker_heading: BOOKER (O.S.)
dialog: Why's that? You said over and over
dialog: and over, Tony Clifton is not Andy
dialog: Kaufman --
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yeah, I KNOW what I said! But --
dialog: trust me, it's not gonna happen!
speaker_heading: BOOKER (O.S.)
dialog: Sure it is. Tony called me himself.
dialog: He yelled at me, insisting that his
text: dressing room be bigger than Andy's.
dialog: They're both going on tonight,
dialog: believe me!
text: George is stupefied. He looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE TAHOE - DUSK
text: Magnificent HARRAH'S dominates the skyline. The marquee
text: blares "TONY CLIFTON AND ANDY KAUFMAN!" George screeches up
text: in a rental car. He jumps out and runs inside.
scene_heading: INT. HARRAH'S SHOWROOM - NIGHT
text: The showroom is packed. It hums with curiosity. WAITERS
text: clean off the dinner tables. George rushes in and is seated
text: in a far booth, with some STRANGERS. He overhears a heated
text: conversation between a PUSHY MAN and his WIFE.
speaker_heading: PUSHY MAN
dialog: You're not listenin'! It's a VERY
dialog: simple concept.
scene_heading: WIFE OF PUSHY MAN
dialog: You're making no sense. How can
dialog: they be the same person --?
speaker_heading: PUSHY MAN
dialog: Trust me! You'll never see them on
dialog: stage at the same time!
text: The onstage ORCHESTRA hits a fanfare. LIGHTS DIM. Sharp
text: SPOTLIGHTS meet at the foot of the stage. Suddenly -- Tony
text: swaggers out, hands over his head in a gesture of triumph.
text: Thunderous APPLAUSE. Tony beams. The music stops.
text: George leans in, curious as to how Andy will wiggle out of
dialog: this.
text: Tony bows theatrically, turns back to face the orchestra,
text: and waits. The NOISE LEVEL slowly drops -- but not
text: entirely. Tony waits, and waits, and waits... until
text: suddenly he turns towards the audience and SCREAMS
scene_heading: FURIOUSLY.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: SHUT UP!!!!!!
text: Everybody looks up, alarmed. The general murmur almost
text: dies. Tony stands there, eyes flashing with anger at all
text: the unruly people. As they quiet down... Tony turns back to
text: the orchestra and raises his arms. The MUSICIANS lift their
text: instruments. Silence is total -- except for the clank of
dialog: china.
text: Waiters are serving coffee.
text: Tony spins back around, livid.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: THAT APPLIES TO YOU, TOO,
dialog: PENGUINS!!!
text: People signal "shh"! The waiters realize Tony's addressing
text: them, and they stare back in disbelief! This is their job!
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: Yeah! Yeah! YOU! I'm talkin' to
dialog: YOU!! And you better freeze, or
dialog: I'll get your asses fired!!!
text: Tony's outburst is so commanding that they all freeze. The
text: waiters stand there like statues, staring in terror.
text: Satisfied, Tony burns back to the orchestra and raises his
text: arms. Again, the musicians lift their instruments. In
text: anticipation of loud music, the waiters start moving about.
text: Audience members start whispering. Tony hears this -- and
text: drops his arms and head in despair.
text: The musicians lower their instruments. Tony waits for
text: absolute silence. Only then does he signal the musicians to
text: get ready again. They do. And then at that precise moment
dialog: -- somebody DROPS a spoon.
text: Tony jolts, as if hit by a current. He drops his hands
text: again, turns, and gives the perpetrator a murderous look.
text: Then he turns again, lowers his head, and waits. And waits.
dialog: And waits.
text: The man at George's table WHISPERS to his wife.
speaker_heading: PUSHY MAN
dialog: He's never gonna start! Kaufman
dialog: thinks this is funny!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We've paid forty bucks for a show
dialog: that's never gonna start!
text: George grins stupidly. The silence is now deafening.
text: Slowly, very slowly, Tony raises his arms. Slowly... the
text: musicians get their instruments ready. Tony stands there,
text: and stands, and stands, waiting for something... anything...
text: to disturb the silence. In vain. Somebody COUGHS. The
text: whole scene repeats itself.
text: Finally -- finally -- Tony is surrounded by total silence.
dialog: Then, (only a moment before the length of this scene would
text: become unbearable), he begins to move. Tony pivots around,
text: looks at the audience...
text: And the entire room looks like Tussaud's Wax Museum. Tony
text: starts LAUGHING hysterically. The audience's reaction is
dialog: mixed:
text: Some people LAUGH. Some BOO. Some ask perplexed questions.
text: Some SCREAM OBSCENITIES. Some even APPLAUD.
text: Tony is very happy. He turns to the orchestra, raises his
text: baton -- and commences the downbeat! The MUSIC BEGINS.
text: A SPOTLIGHT hits the wings... and then ANDY STRIDES OUT.
text: George's jaw drops.
scene_heading: WIFE OF PUSHY MAN
dialog: You see! I told you! They're not
dialog: the same person!
text: The whole audience BURSTS INTO APPLAUSE. Life is back to
text: normal. Andy bows shyly and takes his place in front of a
text: prepared row of congas. He starts to play.
text: Tony Clifton grabs the microphone.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Thank you! Thank you! I wrote this
dialog: tune for my friend Frank Sinatra.
dialog: He had a nice little success with
dialog: it... but forgot to thank me on the
dialog: album.
text: He starts to BELT "I Gotta Be Me".
text: George squints his eyes, trying to figure out who this is.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: "Whether I'm right
dialog: Or whether I'm wrong
dialog: Whether I find a place in this
dialog: world
dialog: Or never belong!
dialog: I gotta be me! I gotta be me!
dialog: What else can I be, but what I am?"
text: Tony's singing is awful. Andy happily accompanies on
text: congas. The audience doesn't know what to think.
text: Tony's SINGING reaches the end... aggressive and off-key.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: Let's bring it on home --
dialog: (he hits his
speaker_heading: screeching CLIMAX)
text: "I GOTTA BE MEEEEEE!"
text: The BAND ends with a brassy punch. The crowd responds with
scene_heading: LOUD BOOING.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HARRAH'S, BACKSTAGE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: George wanders the corridor, looking for the dressing rooms.
text: He turns and finds a door marked "KAUFMAN". Next to it is a
text: door marked "CLIFTON".
text: George stares. He thinks, then opens the "KAUFMAN" door.
text: Andy is inside alone, gathering his things. He's pleasantly
text: surprised to see George.
text: George doesn't enter. He goes to the "CLIFTON" door. Andy
text: follows. George opens the mystery door...
scene_heading: INT. HARRAH'S, CLIFTON'S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: and inside, taking off the rubber Tony makeup, is Zmuda.
text: George starts hyperventilating. Shaking, he tries to sit
text: himself down. Andy enters, beaming. George is amazed.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You're so proud. You're like some
dialog: retarded kid comin' home from
dialog: school: "Look, Dad, I got an F!"
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: But wasn't it funny?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: "Funny"? I dunno. But
dialog: "intriguing"... "mindboggling"...
dialog: perhaps "headache-inducing"... sure.
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Like, that moment, when you both
dialog: came onstage...
text: Andy excitedly jumps up and down.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Uh-huh! See, with all these
dialog: articles, people think they're
text: insiders. They see Tony Clifton,
dialog: and they say, "Ah, that's really
dialog: Andy Kaufman." But that spoils it.
dialog: So NOW, Tony denying being me is the
dialog: truth! Tony's not me! But maybe he
dialog: is! The audience will never know...
dialog: (giddy)
dialog: They'll think they're laughin' at me
dialog: -- but actually I'll be laughin' at
dialog: them, because they're wrong and I'm
dialog: right!
text: George is dazed.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So you've got this big elaborate
dialog: joke, which is really only funny to
text: two people in the universe.
dialog: (dry)
dialog: You... and you.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Sure! But WE think it's kickass!
dialog: Now I get to be Tony. I get to dump
text: the glass of water on someone else's
dialog: head!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (he turns serious)
dialog: But what's the POINT? How will any
dialog: of this make you the biggest star in
dialog: the world?
text: Hmm. Andy contemplates this.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: George... I'm at a stage where the
dialog: audience expects me to constantly
dialog: shock them. But short of faking my
dialog: death, or setting the theater on
dialog: fire, I don't know what else to do.
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: 'Cause I've always got to be one
text: step ahead of them.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: But I feel you're extending this
dialog: philosophy to real life. It's
dialog: obsessive. Nothing's ever on the
dialog: level anymore.
text: A perplexed beat.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: George, it never was.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Didn't you know that?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Arnold Schwarzenegger, in his glory days as a body-builder,
text: on the cover of a magazine. Magazines are everywhere. Body-
text: building. Women's. Wrestling.
text: ANDY is sifting through them. Zmuda watches, worried.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Look at this! An evil Russian!
dialog: Ooo, here's an evil Nazi -- he likes
dialog: to fight dirty! Hey, here's an evil
dialog: Japanese guy!
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: What is this, World War Two...?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You know, I always wanted to be a
dialog: bad-guy wrestler...
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: No offense, pal, but I just don't
dialog: think you're built for it. These he-
dialog: men'll kick your ass!! They're
dialog: huge!
text: Andy's face drops. He realizes Zmuda's right.
text: Beat -- then Andy notices an issue of Sumo Magazine, with a
text: picture of a wrestler and his cute little fiancйe on the
text: cover. He slowly lifts it up, intrigued.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Maybe I'll pick on someone smaller
dialog: than me...!
scene_heading: INT. MERV GRIFFIN SHOW - DAY
text: CLOSE UP on Andy and Merv Griffin. Andy wears a goofy
text: wrestling outfit that resembles thermal underwear. He is
text: shouting like a wrestler.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: ... And I vow to continue wrestling
dialog: until I am BEA TEN, in a three-
dialog: minute match, with my shoulders
dialog: pinned to the mat!!
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: (nonplussed)
text: By a woman.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yes! BY A WOMAN!
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: I'm doing this because I feel that a
dialog: woman cannot beat a man in
dialog: wrestling. Even if they train with
dialog: weights... it requires a certain
dialog: mental ability --
dialog: (a clumsy pause)
dialog: And, uh -- I just don't feel they
dialog: have that...
text: The audience MURMURS uncomfortably. Andy laughs and
text: backpedals.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: No no! Women are superior in many
dialog: ways. When it comes to cooking and
dialog: cleaning, washing the potatoes,
text: scrubbing the carrots, raising the
text: babies, mopping the floors, they
dialog: have it all over men. I believe
dialog: that!
text: An appalled silence.
text: Merv winces. Some people start BOOING. We can tell Andy is
dialog: pleased.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: But when it comes to wrestling,
dialog: forget it! If there's a woman that
dialog: can prove me wrong, come up here.
dialog: I'll shut my mouth and pay her 500
dialog: dollars.
text: Merv baitingly turns to the crowd.
speaker_heading: MERV
dialog: Any... volunteers...?
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: All the WOMEN'S hands angrily shoot up!
text: We move through the crowd, finally picking out... a feisty
text: woman, LYNNE. She mutters, half hateful, half laughing --
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: I wanna kill that jerk.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERV GRIFFIN SHOW - MINUTES LATER
text: Andy and Lynne stand in the ring. She scornfully watches
text: him preen about. Zmuda is in a referee's uniform.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA (AS REFEREE)
dialog: Will you please shake hands, go to
dialog: your corners, and come out
dialog: wrestling.
text: Lynne extends her hand. Andy fakes a shake -- then snidely
text: refuses and struts away. The crowd HISSES.
text: DING! It's the bell. The match begins. Lynne barrels at
text: him, craving a victory, but terribly unprepared for this
text: experience. Andy immediately grabs her by the legs and
text: flips her over.
text: WHUMP! She's down. Andy has trained for this.
text: Zmuda gets on his knees, watching, trying to look official.
text: Lynne struggles and slithers away.
text: She grabs Andy's arm and forces him down. People CHEER.
text: His torso hits the mat. LOUDER CHEERS. But suddenly he
text: rolls over and pulls her hair! Her head snaps back. The
text: crowd is INCENSED. Zmuda hurries over and pantomimes a
dialog: stern warning.
text: Andy nods, and they separate. They do a little dance around
text: the ring, Lynne looking for a hole. Suddenly, Andy spins
text: her into a Half-Nelson. Her arms are pinned. They
text: struggle, then he throws her down on her stomach. One!
dialog: Two! Three!
text: And DING! It's OVER. Andy jumps up and sneers at the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm the winner! I've got the
speaker_heading: BRAINS!
text: (he points at his
dialog: head)
dialog: Now baby, don't fight nature! Get
dialog: back in the kitchen where you
dialog: belong!!!
text: Lynne glares.
text: Out of the blue, and old RECORDING OF BOUNCY PIANO MUSIC
text: starts playing. A chicken CLUCKS to the music, and Andy lip-
text: syncs along, doing an obnoxious cock o' the walk around the
dialog: ring.
scene_heading: INT. MERV GRIFFIN SHOW, BACKSTAGE - LATER THAT DAY
text: Lynne is escorted by a GUEST COORDINATOR. Lynne is dazed.
text: The Coordinator hands her a bunch of crap.
speaker_heading: GUEST COORDINATOR
dialog: Here's your complimentary photo with
dialog: Merv. Here's your Turtle Wax --
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: I don't need Turtle Wax.
speaker_heading: GUEST COORDINATOR
dialog: Every guest of Merv gets it. And
dialog: here's your dinner-for-two voucher
text: at Red Lobster.
text: Lynne takes her junk and hobbles off. She passes Andy, who
text: sees her and grins.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Gosh, you scored! Look at all those
dialog: goodies!
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Buzz off. Go patronize somebody
dialog: else.
text: Lynne coldly hurries away. Andy chases after her.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey, I hope you didn't take that
dialog: stuff I said seriously. It was just
dialog: part of the show!
dialog: (eager to impress)
dialog: It's like the old days, when a
dialog: carnival barker would try to rile up
dialog: the crowd.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Oh. So you were just pretending to
dialog: be an asshole.
text: Andy nods, pleased.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It's what I'm good at!
text: Lynne stares -- then begrudgingly cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GOLD'S GYM - DAY
text: Jumbo-sized BEEFY MEN work out, sweating and groaning. In a
text: corner, Andy lifts huge barbells. George stares, pained.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Merv Griffin has received 2000
text: pieces of hate mail. Andy, Merv
dialog: Griffin doesn't GET hate mail.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: That means it was a success. I woke
dialog: up the audience -- like punk rock!
text: (he hands him a
speaker_heading: BARBELL)
dialog: Here, take this.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No, I'm not gonna take it. If I
dialog: take it I'll break my back.
text: He crosses his arms. Andy frowns and lowers the weight.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: Buddyboy, they detest you! Next
dialog: time you make an appearance, women
dialog: are gonna picket.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: They're having a laugh...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: WRONG! You haven't given them any
dialog: clues that it's a parody!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: That's because they've only seen it
dialog: once. But I'll do it again, and
text: again, and AGAIN...
dialog: (a maniacal grin)
dialog: They'll catch on!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WRESTLING RING
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF WRESTLING MATCHES:
text: MATCH 1 - Andy throws a FAT WOMAN to the ground.
text: MATCH 2 - Andy squeezes a SMALL WOMAN in a headlock.
text: MATCH 3 to MATCH 20 - Andy throws an ITALIAN LADY from the
text: ring. He then proudly waves a phony plastic belt over his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I am the Intergender Wrestling
dialog: Champion of the World!!!
text: The crowd BOOS in disgust.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
text: ANDY is at the box office, buying tickets.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Two, please.
text: Two tickets jump out of the machine.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
text: ANDY is standing in front, waiting. A CAB stops and out
dialog: steps -- Lynne.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Hi... am I late?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No, I'm sure we'll be fine.
text: Andy gives Lynne her ticket. They enter the theater.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
text: Andy hurries up to the candy counter.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Popcorn?
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I really want one.
dialog: (at the counter)
dialog: One large tub of popcorn, please,
dialog: extra butter.
text: The CANDY GIRL makes Andy his popcorn. He pays... then
text: heads to the exit.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Okay. Let's go.
text: Lynne is baffled.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Andy, the theater's that way!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey, I love movie theater popcorn...
dialog: but that doesn't mean I have to sit
dialog: through "On Golden Pond."
text: Lynne stands in place. Andy smiles.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: C'mon. We'll go for a walk.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: (beat; then she
dialog: laughs)
dialog: Fine.
text: She throws down her ticket and runs after him.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER, STREET - DAY
text: They leave the theater and walk down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Why did you call me? The last
dialog: person I ever expected to get a call
dialog: from was you.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Gosh. Gee, Lynne... I was just so
dialog: impressed with your wrestling moves.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
text: ANDY is standing in front, waiting. A CAB stops and out
dialog: steps -- Lynne.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Hi... am I late?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No, I'm sure we'll be fine.
text: Andy gives Lynne her ticket. They enter the theater.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
text: Andy hurries up to the candy counter.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Popcorn?
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I really want one.
dialog: (at the counter)
dialog: One large tub of popcorn, please,
dialog: extra butter.
text: The CANDY GIRL makes Andy his popcorn. He pays... then
text: heads to the exit.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Okay. Let's go.
text: Lynne is baffled.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Andy, the theater's that way!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey, I love movie theater popcorn...
dialog: but that doesn't mean I have to sit
dialog: through "On Golden Pond."
text: Lynne stands in place. Andy smiles.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: C'mon. We'll go for a walk.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: (beat; then she
dialog: laughs)
dialog: Fine.
text: She throws down her ticket and runs after him.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER, STREET - DAY
text: They leave the theater and walk down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Why did you call me? The last
dialog: person I ever expected to get a call
dialog: from was you.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Gosh. Gee, Lynne... I was just so
dialog: impressed with your wrestling moves.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: You were impressed with something.
dialog: It's pretty odd when a man sports a
dialog: hard-on that large on national
dialog: television.
text: Andy is shocked.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh! Uh, I hope I didn't offend you.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: I'm here, ain't I?
text: A charged moment. Andy's eyes widen. His speech gets
dialog: faster.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Do you wanna to go to Memphis and
dialog: get married?
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Do I wanna go to Memphis and get
dialog: married?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Why Memphis?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he SPEAKS VERY
speaker_heading: FAST)
dialog: Because Memphis is the wrestling
dialog: capital of the world! I'll go in
dialog: the ring, and I'll announce that I
dialog: will shave my head and marry any
dialog: woman who beats me! Then you'll
dialog: come up, we'll wrestle and I'll let
dialog: you win! Then you'll scalp me, and
dialog: we'll get married on Letterman, like
dialog: Tiny Tim did on Carson... right
dialog: there on the show! What do you
dialog: say???
text: Whoa. Lynne stares into his eyes.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: And all this will be for real?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (a soft smile)
dialog: If you want...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM, MEMPHIS - NIGHT
text: The arena is filled with furious BOOING SOUTHERN WRESTLING
text: FANS. Ladies in hair nets. Men clutching beer cans. This
dialog: is a rougher crowd than we've seen before.
text: Andy stands in the ring, unshaven in a torn green robe.
text: He's screaming at them.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: SHUT UP!
speaker_heading: (more BOOS)
dialog: SHUT UP! Show some respect! I want
dialog: SILENCE when I speak!
text: People BOOO louder and throw debris. Andy is pleased.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: If any woman can defeat me, I will
dialog: pay her 1000 dollars! Then I'll
dialog: shave my head bald! And then as a
dialog: bonus -- that lucky lady will get to
dialog: marry me!!
text: Screeching JEERS and CATCALLS. Down front... Lynne jumps
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Look here, Andy Kaufman! I'll take
dialog: you on -- SISSY!
text: The mob LAUGHS harshly.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Ooo, the little lady's upset. Well
dialog: I say -- get back in the kitchen!
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: ("outraged")
dialog: No! YOU get in the kitchen. I'm
dialog: gonna make you dry my dishes!
text: The crowd APPLAUDS. Lynne grins and starts to climb in the
text: ring. Andy's eyes are ablaze. But suddenly -- an oversized
text: Southern MAN jumps in and snatches the mike away.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: STOP IT! This woman's a FAKE!
dialog: She's nothing but Kaufman's
dialog: girlfriend!
text: Andy and Lynne are startled.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: T-that's not true --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It's a set-up! And I won't allow
dialog: our great sport to be degraded by a
dialog: fix!!
text: The crowd angrily starts to HISS. Lynne whispers to Andy.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Andy... who is that...?
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: I'm Jerry Lawler, the KING of
dialog: Memphis wrestling!!
dialog: (this gets HUGE
speaker_heading: CHEERS)
dialog: So if Kaufman wants to tangle, I've
dialog: brought a real wrestler! She's
dialog: trained and she's READY!! Kaufman,
dialog: do you think you can handle... FOXY
dialog: JACKSON???!!!
text: At that, a striking, muscular black woman stands -- FOXY.
text: The coliseum SCREAMS with excitement. People POUND their
text: seats. The roar is deafening. Lawler gleams cockily.
text: Lynne looks worriedly at Andy -- he's concerned.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: DING! The bell rings. Foxy comes out, ready to brawl. But
text: Andy remains in his corner, running down the clock. He
text: nonchalantly peels off his robe. Foxy dances around
text: impatiently. Andy casually removes a towel from his neck.
text: People BOO. Still stalling, Andy then takes off his watch.
text: People SCREAM so furiously they're red-faced. Andy is
text: tormenting them. A TATTOOED GUY jumps up.
speaker_heading: TATTOOED GUY
dialog: Are you scared???
text: Andy sneers. He cracks his knuckles, finally walks over...
text: and commences a WINDMILL. Absurdly, he spins his arms
text: around and around, daring Foxy to get near him.
text: She rolls her eyes and waits. The REF jumps out of the way.
text: A minute has counted down. Finally, Andy stops -- and the
text: real wrestling begins. Foxy lunges at him and immediately
text: goes for a choke-hold. The crowd CHEERS, relieved. Lawler
text: motions signals. Foxy yanks -- but Andy jerks away.
text: Andy is intrigued. She's coming to play! Andy gestures to
text: the Ref and points UP. The Ref looks away -- and Andy SLAPS
dialog: Foxy.
text: The crowd furiously JEERS. The Ref spins around, and Andy
text: shrugs innocence. He then runs at Foxy and theatrically
text: pushes her into the ropes. She bounces off, stumbles back -
text: - and Andy drops to his knees. She trips over him and hits
dialog: the mat.
text: Andy aggressively jumps onto Foxy's shoulders and pins her.
dialog: The Ref counts: One! Two! Three! DING!!
text: It's over. But Andy stays on her, shaking his ass, leering
text: rudely. Jerry Lawler yells from the corner.
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: Alright, you won. GET OFF HER!
text: Andy remains, flapping his arms like a chicken.
text: THE BOOING grows. Louder. More emotional.
speaker_heading: ANGRY VOICES
dialog: Jerry, help her! Get in there! Do
dialog: something!
text: Lawler hesitates -- then suddenly climbs in the ring and
text: lifts Andy off! Lawler angrily PUSHES Andy down.
text: Andy is flabbergasted.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: W-what are you DOING? I don't fight
dialog: men!
text: Lawler snickers and walks away. Completely overreacting,
text: Andy grabs the mike.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: I'm gonna SUE YOU!
dialog: (he starts RANTING
dialog: berserkly)
dialog: Let me tell you something, Lawler!
dialog: I am not a hick -- I'm a national TV
dialog: star! And I DON'T like a dumb
dialog: cracker pushing me around in the
dialog: ring! I never agreed to wrestle
dialog: you! So you know what I'm gonna
dialog: do???
dialog: (seething)
dialog: I'm gonna hire a lawyer to sue you
dialog: for every cent you've got! This was
dialog: assault and battery! In a court of
dialog: law, I'm gonna kick your Southern-
dialog: fried rump!!!
text: Lawler snatches the mike and bellows.
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: YEAH?! Well I got news for you,
dialog: Andy Kaufman! Wrestling is a
dialog: serious sport to me! I don't like
dialog: anyone makin' fun of it, and I hate
dialog: anyone insultin' the South! So we
dialog: can settle this two ways: We can go
dialog: to court... or you can get in the
text: ring with a man, and wrestle for
speaker_heading: REAL!
text: Andy watches, fuming. He is INFURIATED.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: He -- can't get away with this.
dialog: (to Lawler)
dialog: YOU! You think I'm CHICKEN?!
text: Andy grabs back the mike. He sticks his face in shocked
dialog: Lawler's.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
speaker_heading: (sarcastic SOUTHERN
speaker_heading: ACCENT)
dialog: You wanna "wraaastle" me?! You
dialog: wanna "WRAAASTLE" me??? Okay,
dialog: Lawler -- let's rumble! Yeah, I've
dialog: only wrestled women, but they were
dialog: bigger than you! In fact, they're
dialog: probably smarter than you, 'cause
dialog: you're from "Maaamphis, Taaanassee!"
dialog: (back to his regular
text: voice, he points at
dialog: his head)
dialog: I'm from Hollywood. I have the
dialog: brains. That's how I win. And Mr.
dialog: Lawler, I'm gonna make you cry
dialog: "Mama!"
text: Andy bears his teeth. Enraged, Lawler tries to take a swing
text: at him. HANDLERS run in and separate the angry men.
scene_heading: EXT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM, TUNNEL - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: We hear NOISE from the main event above. Andy and Lynne
text: hurry along. She is disgruntled. He swaggers arrogantly,
text: still in his fighting outfit.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Is this an act -- or are you
dialog: addicted to causing trouble??
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he jokingly
text: impersonates a
dialog: drunk)
dialog: I can shtop whenever I want...
text: She's unamused.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Then stop treating me like a fucking
dialog: prop.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he drops the act)
dialog: I-I'm sorry. I got caught up in the
dialog: action...!
text: She shoots him a stern look.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: I'm warning you, Kaufman: One
dialog: morning you're gonna wake up... and
dialog: your head's gonna be shaved.
text: Andy laughs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST - DAY
text: George stares glumly at Andy. Andy is quite cheerful --
text: eating a big piece of chocolate cake.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy, do you realize you don't do
dialog: comedy anymore? Where's that sweet
dialog: guy who used to do
dialog: (he SINGS Mighty
dialog: Mouse)
dialog: "Here I come to save the day!"?
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Please, enough with the wrestling!
dialog: You've lost touch with reality!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (ingenuous)
dialog: What, you don't think I can beat
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: He is the Southern Heavyweight
dialog: Champion. He'll kill you.
dialog: (very disapproving)
dialog: First, you piss-off women. Then you
dialog: piss-off the South. Then you get
dialog: killed!
dialog: (dry)
dialog: And I did the bookings.
text: Andy shrugs, lacking a response. He eats more cake.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: Andy, look... there's a job I want
dialog: you to take -- guest-hosting the TV
dialog: show "Fridays." It's not so hot...
dialog: but this is a great opportunity for
dialog: you. The show's live, they'll give
dialog: you carte blanche, and you can get
dialog: back to the business of making
text: people laugh.
text: Andy gets a strange gleam. He only heard one thing.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You said -- live?
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET, BACKSTAGE - DAY
text: The FRIDAYS CAST prepares. In a corner, ANDY is arguing
text: with director JACK BURNS.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm not comfortable with the last
dialog: sketch. I DON'T do drug humor!
speaker_heading: JACK BURNS
dialog: Andy, it'll be fine! It's what
dialog: we're known for!
dialog: (playing "stoned")
dialog: "Maui? "Wowie!"
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (losing his temper)
dialog: You're not listening to me --
speaker_heading: JACK BURNS
dialog: Don't worry! The kids will love it
dialog: --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he BLOWS up)
dialog: But I don't do drugs! And I don't
dialog: enjoy making light of them!
speaker_heading: (YELLING)
dialog: I was promised creative control!
text: Andy storms off. Eavesdropping cast shake their heads.
speaker_heading: ACTOR
dialog: What a prick!
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET, CONTROL BOOTH - DAY
text: Up in the control booth is -- Maynard. He smiles strangely.
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Stanley sits in front of his TV. The Fridays JINGLE and
text: CREDITS come on. We hear dishes being washed in the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: It's on! JANICE, IT'S ON!
text: Janice rushes in, still holding some dishes.
text: (THE FOLLOWING IS INTERCUT: Between the studio and the show
dialog: on tv at Andy's parents.)
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET - NIGHT
text: The show is going, live. A SNIGGERING NARRATOR steps out
text: front. (During his monologue, the CAMERA PANS the
dialog: audience.)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: In this next sketch, two married
text: couples are out to dinner. Now...
dialog: everybody has secretly brought along
dialog: a joint --
speaker_heading: (crowd WHOOPS, he
dialog: grins)
dialog: So, when each person leaves the
text: table, they sneak into the restroom
dialog: to get a little high...
text: The crowd CHEERS rowdily.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, FAMILY ROOM - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I saw Michael!
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: (points to the set)
dialog: There!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET - NIGHT
text: In the front row, Michael sits with a girl. He whispers.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Afterwards, I'll take you backstage.
dialog: You can meet my brother.
text: The girl smiles excitedly.
text: The SKETCH is on a French restaurant set. ANDY sits at a
text: table with actor RICHARDS and actress MELANIE. Another
text: actress, MARY, tiptoes back over, GIGGLING stupidly, playing
dialog: stoned.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: "Gee, restaurants are amazing,
dialog: aren't they? All these strangers
text: sitting around... stuffing dead
dialog: animals in their faces! It's just
dialog: incredible!"
text: She GIGGLES more. The other three play baffled.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: "If you say so."
speaker_heading: ACTOR
dialog: "Excuse me, I'll be right back."
text: Andy stands and walks out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, FAMILY ROOM - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Hmph! They sure didn't give Andy
dialog: much to do.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: He said he's coming back!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET - NIGHT
text: Actors read the menus. Suddenly Andy returns, a strange
text: grin on his face. He's swaying on his feet.
text: The audience WHOOPS: "Yeah! All right!"
text: Andy awkwardly sits. He has a strange hesitancy.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: "Gee, that bathroom is so colorf--"
text: Suddenly he STOPS. The actors glance up.
text: Andy purses his lips, fretting. An endless pause.
text: Uh-oh. Andy won't finish the line. The cast looks around
text: worriedly. Live TV is beaming out... Finally, Melanie
dialog: covers.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: You okay, honey? Something wrong,
dialog: Carl?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I can't, um...
text: Andy shakes his head.
text: The crowd laughs nervously.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: I can't play stoned.
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET, CONTROL BOOTH - NIGHT
text: The TECH DIRECTOR and his crew are bewildered. They flip
dialog: through script pages.
speaker_heading: TECH DIRECTOR
dialog: Shit...! What's he doing??
text: But Maynard raises a calm hand.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: It's okay. Stay with it.
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET - NIGHT
text: Silence. Andy is torn up inside.
speaker_heading: RICHARDS
dialog: (whispering to Andy)
dialog: Just read the cue cards!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: I can't play stoned. I feel really
dialog: stupid.
text: More silence. The actors are trapped and upset.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: You feel stupid? What about us?!
dialog: The tension is awful.
text: Unsure beat -- then fed-up Richards jumps up and storms off
text: the set. A CAMERAMAN hesitantly pans, confused what to do.
text: Mary is lost. She continues giggling, "stoned."
text: Richards returns... with the CUE CARDS. Irked, he dumps
text: them over Andy's head.
text: The crowd CHEERS stupidly.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You didn't have to do that!
text: Andy gets enraged, grabs his prop water glass and THROWS it
text: in Richard's face.
speaker_heading: RICHARDS
dialog: Hey! CUT IT OUT!
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: You JERK!
text: Melanie slaps her prop butter in Andy's hair.
text: WIDE - Jack runs up from the floor. He gestures at the
dialog: booth.
speaker_heading: JACK BURNS
dialog: Go to commercial, man!
dialog: (he turns to Andy)
dialog: Get off the stage!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I said I didn't want to do the
dialog: sketch.
speaker_heading: JACK BURNS
dialog: (he JABS him)
dialog: GET OFF!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: DON'T TOUCH ME!
text: Andy HITS Jack. Jack recoils and SLUGS him. They start
text: FIGHTING.
text: BURLY CREWMEN run in. The crowd WHOOOOOS.
text: Chaos. Andy swings wildly. The brawl goes wild. Actors
text: duck. Crewmen struggle to separate Andy and Jack. Everyone
text: gets dragged in.
text: IN THE AUDIENCE - Michael tries to run up and help. A
text: SECURITY GUY blocks him.
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET, CONTROL BOOTH - NIGHT
text: The tech crew is freaking out. Maynard is oddly calm.
speaker_heading: TECH DIRECTOR
dialog: Go to three! Eh, go to four!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, FAMILY ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Stanley and Janice are flabbergasted. Jaws wide.
text: On their TV - fists are flying. Suddenly, the BAND kicks in
text: and the show abruptly cuts to COMMERCIAL.
text: They stare at the TV. Until --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I shoulda made him play outdoors.
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET - NIGHT
text: Andy and Jack are socking each other. A FLOOR DIRECTOR
text: screams at the top of his lungs.
speaker_heading: FLOOR DIRECTOR
dialog: We've gone to commercial! I said,
dialog: WE'VE GONE TO COMMERCIAL!!
text: Andy turns. He notices the red lights are off -- and...
text: instantly stops fighting. Just like that. Jack instantly
text: stops too. They glance at each other -- hold a beat -- then
text: break into GUFFAWS. They laugh and joyously kid each other.
text: In the audience, Michael is STUNNED.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Oh my God --!
text: All the commotion stops. The audience doesn't know whether
text: to laugh or boo. The actors are flabbergasted -- then
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: MELANIE (cont'd)
dialog: He's a fuckin' psycho!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why didn't someone tell us???
text: Suddenly Maynard runs out of the booth, beaming. People
text: watch curiously.
text: Andy seems discombobulated. Maynard shouts out to EVERYBODY
dialog: assembled.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Excuse me!... I have an announcement
dialog: to make! You've all just
dialog: participated in a "happening." To
dialog: make it real, some of you knew, and
dialog: some of you didn't.
text: The audience LAUGHS and APPLAUDS wildly. The actors stare
text: in disbelief. One laughs hysterically. Most are pissed.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD (cont'd)
dialog: But we don't want to upset the folks
dialog: at home. So now Andy is now going
dialog: to apologize and explain that it was
dialog: all a prank. Right, Andy?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (very quiet)
dialog: Right...
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Okay, great! So let's reset!
text: Crew members start moving things around.
text: In the audience, Michael locks eyes with Andy. An odd,
text: knowing moment between the brothers. Michael whispers,
text: getting worried.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Andy...!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, FAMILY ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Stanley and Janice feel as if the commercials are lasting
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Why is Andy doing this? Why?...
dialog: Why?
text: The Fridays JINGLE starts, and Andy's face fades in on the
text: TV. He looks directly into the camera, nervous, stiff and
dialog: serious.
speaker_heading: ANDY (ON TV)
dialog: During the commercial, the people at
dialog: ABC asked me to apologize... and to
dialog: tell you the truth. They wanted me
dialog: to explain that this whole fighting
dialog: episode was staged...
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET - NIGHT
text: The sign above blinks "APPLAUSE". The audience obediently
text: APPLAUDS. In the booth, Maynard grins.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: And... um...
dialog: (choking up)
dialog: I can't do this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I-I can't say it.
dialog: (upset)
dialog: It's a lie! A cover-up!
text: Maynard is suddenly very confused. The crowd laughs
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Why are you laughing? I'm not
dialog: trying to be funny! They threatened
dialog: to fire me from Taxi, unless I gave
dialog: in to their demands!
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: But... I won't! Because what you
dialog: saw was REAL!!
scene_heading: INT. FRIDAYS SET, CONTROL BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Maynard looks like he's gonna faint.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Cue the commercial!
speaker_heading: ANDY (ON TV)
dialog: These kinds of things go on everyday
dialog: at the networks, only you never see
dialog: it, because they cut to commercials.
dialog: (he talks extremely
dialog: fast, to get in as
dialog: much information
dialog: before he's cut off)
dialog: Now for sure they're gonna fire me,
dialog: so if you want to see me again,
dialog: you'll have to come to Memphis...
text: And BLINK! Andy gets CUT OFF.
text: Maynard jumps up, furious. He snaps.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: I'm gonna STRANGLE George Shapiro!
scene_heading: INT. KAUFMAN HOUSE, FAMILY ROOM - SAME TIME
text: The parents stare at the commercials. They're totally
text: disoriented.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: What's in Memphis?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Who knows?! That kid is totally
dialog: meshuga.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM, MEMPHIS - NIGHT
text: Memphis wrestling. The announcer stands center ring,
text: booming into the mike.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: And now! The MAIN EVENT of the
dialog: evening! The match you've been
dialog: waiting for: The King Jerry Lawler,
dialog: versus Hollywood Andy Kaufman!
text: The THEME FROM "ROCKY" PLAYS -- and Lawler enters from the
text: tunnel, wearing a shimmering hero's cape! The crowd ROARS
dialog: with approval.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM, DRESSING ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Andy is meditating, eyes shut, at rest in his private oasis.
text: Suddenly -- DESPERATE BANGING on the door.
speaker_heading: UPSET VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: C'MON, KAUFMAN! Christ, you're ON!
text: Andy awakens. He smiles.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM - NIGHT
text: The THEME FROM "MIGHTY MOUSE" begins playing. Then, ANDY
text: strides in, a sneer on his grungy face. The crowd SCREAMS
text: and BOOS pure pile. Andy is euphoric, loving the hatred.
text: Down in the front row sit Stanley, Janice, Zmuda, and Lynne.
text: Several PHOTOGRAPHERS take pictures of the parents. They
text: squint, unused to all this.
text: Andy prances into the ring. He takes the mike.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Before we begin this event, I just
dialog: wanna say a few things to you foul
dialog: people.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This city is filthy! You
dialog: Southerners live like pigs! So I'm
dialog: going to teach you some lessons in
dialog: hygiene... bring you out of your
dialog: squalor.
text: Holy cow. The crowd is flabbergasted. Women in K-mart
text: dresses gape. Ruddy men in trucker caps glare.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Are you listening?
speaker_heading: (audience BOOS)
dialog: OKAY!!!
text: Lynne snickers. But Stanley and Janice are ashen-faced.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Why is he saying these things?!
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: They're gonna lynch him!
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: Nah. He's just engaging a passive
dialog: audience.
text: Andy reaches in his pocket and removes... a bar of SOAP.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: People, this is a bar of soap. Does
dialog: it look familiar to you? If you wet
dialog: it, it'll clean your hands.
text: Stanley's eyes bulge.
text: The crowd is enraged -- rumblings of imminent violence.
text: Andy smiles helpfully.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: And now, for your next lesson: This
dialog: -- is toilet paper.
text: Andy holds up a ROLL OF TISSUE.
text: That's it. The crowd goes NUTS. Jerry Lawler races over
text: and snatches the mike, trying to maintain his dignity.
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: Kaufman, we've had enough!! Let's
dialog: you and me do what we came here for
dialog: -- WRESTLING!
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM - SECONDS LATER
text: And DING! That's the bell! Andy strikes a threatening
text: pose. Lawler takes a step forward -- and Andy instantly,
text: cowardly, runs for the ropes and jumps out of the ring.
text: BOOOOO!!! Andy grins at the crowd and points at his brain:
dialog: I'm smarter.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: And Kaufman's left the ring!
text: Lawler's waiting for him to return.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: (to Zmuda)
dialog: Is this a strategy?
text: Lawler disparagingly frowns. The REF checks his watch.
text: Andy crosses to the opposite end of the ring, gauging his
text: rival... then slowly climbs in --
text: Until the second Lawler moves. Then Andy leaps back out!
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
text: And Kaufman's left the ring again!
text: He doesn't seem interested in
dialog: actually making contact with his
dialog: opponent.
text: Andy struts around the floor, pointing to his brain. He
text: smirks at various spectators... until he finds himself face-
text: to-face with -- his parents.
text: An unexpected moment. Andy's finger frozen on his brain.
text: Janice shakes her head despairingly.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Andy, please. Let's go home!
text: Cameras FLASH. The paparazzi love these moments.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Don't worry, Mom. I'll make you
dialog: proud...!
text: Beat -- then Andy gets HIT in the head with a cup.
text: People HOOT. Disoriented, Andy returns to the ringside.
text: Lawler is losing his patience.
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: Hey! Did you come down here to
dialog: wrestle, or to act like an ass?
text: Andy paces around, unsure of his next move.
speaker_heading: LAWLER (cont'd)
dialog: Look... if you get in here, I'll
dialog: give you a free headlock.
text: Lawler leans down and offers his neck.
text: Andy peers skeptically. People JEER. Andy looks at waiting
text: Lawler... then tentatively climbs in.
text: As promised, Lawler doesn't move. So Andy crosses over and
text: grabs Lawler's head! Andy grins triumphantly. He squeezes
text: his arms tight, muscles flexing, riding high on this moment.
text: Until -- Lawler stands and flips him over. Andy SLAMS DOWN
text: on his back. CRUNCH!
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: It's a side suplex!!
text: Andy lies on the mat, unmoving. Lawler doesn't care. He
text: picks up Andy's prone body and grips it upside-down. Janice
text: covers her eyes. Stanley is worried.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: (frantically
dialog: gesturing)
dialog: NO! NO!
text: Lawler disregards the Ref and slams Andy's head in a pile-
dialog: driver!!
text: A horrible THUD.
text: DING! The BELL immediately RINGS.
text: JANICE opens her eyes and SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: JESUS CHRIST!!!!!
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Why isn't he MOVING??
text: Andy's parents' reaction is a fiesta for photographers.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Lawler has committed a PILEDRIVER,
speaker_heading: which is an AUTOMATIC
text: DISQUALIFICATION! Match goes to
dialog: Kaufman by disqualification, after
dialog: two minutes, twelve seconds!
text: Andy is splayed unconscious.
text: Raging Lawler promenades around the ring, arms over his
text: head. The crowd SHOUTS CRAZILY, rooting him on.
text: Lynne runs to the ropes, SCREAMING for help.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: ANDY!!!
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Somebody get a DOCTOR!
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: WE NEED A STRETCHER!!
text: Stanley, totally numbed, holds Janice. They're on the verge
text: of collapsing. Tons of commotion. Cameras FLASH
text: BLINDINGLY. A stretcher is lifted into the ring. Andy is
text: loaded on. MUSIC fights the deafening NOISE.
text: BEDLAM. Andy is carried through the crowd, followed by his
text: entourage. A soft object HITS Stanley on the head.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM, CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Andy is being carried by the Coliseum EMPLOYEES into the
text: dressing room. The entourage follows. Zmuda pushes out the
text: crowd of REPORTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS, and ONLOOKERS. He slams
text: the door and locks it.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM, DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Janice runs to Andy's side. She's crying.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Andy!! Are you okay?!?
text: Andy opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm fine, Mom, you can calm down.
text: A confused beat.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: B-but... we saw... your neck...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Nah, it's phony baloney -- I faked
dialog: the whole thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It didn't hurt at all. It was just
text: a yoga move. I tucked my head in.
text: Deadpan, Andy sits up.
text: Total silence. Stanley stares... then a FURY comes over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Andrew -- HOW DARE YOU!! For all we
dialog: knew, you were DYING! Look at your
dialog: mother -- she's still shaking!
text: Andy is splayed unconscious.
text: Raging Lawler promenades around the ring, arms over his
text: head. The crowd SHOUTS CRAZILY, rooting him on.
text: Lynne runs to the ropes, SCREAMING for help.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: ANDY!!!
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Somebody get a DOCTOR!
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: WE NEED A STRETCHER!!
text: Stanley, totally numbed, holds Janice. They're on the verge
text: of collapsing. Tons of commotion. Cameras FLASH
text: BLINDINGLY. A stretcher is lifted into the ring. Andy is
text: loaded on. MUSIC fights the deafening NOISE.
text: BEDLAM. Andy is carried through the crowd, followed by his
text: entourage. A soft object HITS Stanley on the head.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM, CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Andy is being carried by the Coliseum EMPLOYEES into the
text: dressing room. The entourage follows. Zmuda pushes out the
text: crowd of REPORTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS, and ONLOOKERS. He slams
text: the door and locks it.
scene_heading: INT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM, DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Janice runs to Andy's side. She's crying.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Andy!! Are you okay?!?
text: Andy opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm fine, Mom, you can calm down.
text: A confused beat.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: B-but... we saw... your neck...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Nah, it's phony baloney -- I faked
dialog: the whole thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It didn't hurt at all. It was just
text: a yoga move. I tucked my head in.
text: Deadpan, Andy sits up.
text: Total silence. Stanley stares... then a FURY comes over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Andrew -- HOW DARE YOU!! For all we
dialog: knew, you were DYING! Look at your
dialog: mother -- she's still shaking!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: But that's it. I needed you to
dialog: believe! Our family will be in the
dialog: newspapers. People will look, and
dialog: they'll be touched. Because your
dialog: emotions were honest!
text: Stanley has a blank expression. But Janice starts to cry.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Andy, I love you! I love you,
dialog: whatever you do...!
text: She hugs Andy tightly.
text: Andy is genuinely shocked. He looks at his quivering
text: mother... and then his voice softens, truly remorseful.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Geez, I'm sorry. Maybe I shouldn't
dialog: have put you through all that...
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Well, from now on, you'll always
dialog: know the rule of thumb: Anything
dialog: that happens to me... IS NOT REAL.
scene_heading: EXT. MID-SOUTH COLISEUM - NIGHT
text: A crowd of reporters parts. They make way for Andy, who is
text: carried out on the stretcher and loaded into a waiting
text: AMBULANCE. He is "unconscious."
text: Cameras CLICK and FLASH. The ambulance speeds away, siren
text: WAILING.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Andy sits watching an OLD DOCTOR examining a number of x-
text: rays clipped to light panels.
speaker_heading: OLD DOCTOR
dialog: I don't see any injury to your neck,
dialog: Mr. Kaufman.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: OLD DOCTOR
dialog: Positive.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: But my neck hurts... and I have a
dialog: slight cough...
speaker_heading: OLD DOCTOR
dialog: It's probably just a strained
dialog: muscle.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (intent)
dialog: Doctor, I think I need a neck brace.
text: The Doctor gives up.
speaker_heading: OLD DOCTOR
dialog: If it makes you happy...
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF NEWSPAPER PHOTOS:
text: Andy in the ring, Andy outside the ring, on the floor, with
text: his frightened parents, in a neck brace, on the stretcher,
dialog: etc.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: George, Zmuda and Andy are looking through hundreds of
text: clippings from the newspapers.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: "... has been rushed to a nearby
dialog: hospital, where doctors are checking
dialog: him for possible paralysis. His
text: parents are at his bedside. Fans
dialog: will best remember Kaufman as
text: lovable Latka on television's
dialog: Taxi"...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It's a rave! Boy, if I ever fake my
dialog: death, they'll really miss me.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: It's working for Elvis.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yeah, he's just laying low, waitin'
dialog: for his comeback.
text: (he sees an article
dialog: and winces)
dialog: God, listen to this! "It was
dialog: morally wrong to take advantage of
dialog: such an unstable individual..."
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Wow, you can't BUY this kind of
dialog: publicity!
text: George rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: George, let's not drop the ball on
dialog: this. I've made some kind of cosmic
dialog: career move.
text: Somebody KNOCKS outside. Andy jumps up, puts on his neck
text: brace, and transforms himself into a shuffling invalid. A
text: DELIVERY BOY drags in an enormous basket of flowers and
text: goodies. Andy takes the card. It reads "Andy, we're all
dialog: praying for you. Your friends at Taxi."
text: Andy chuckles.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKEFELLER CENTER - DAY
text: George is eating with the Saturday Night Live Producer,
text: Lorne Michaels. They're eating lunch in an outdoor cafe.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Thanks for seeing me on such short
dialog: notice.
dialog: (he takes a careful
dialog: beat)
dialog: I... I wanted to talk to you about
dialog: booking Andy on "Saturday Night
dialog: Live."
text: Lorne Michaels squirms uncomfortably. He chooses his words.
speaker_heading: LORNE MICHAELS
dialog: George -- I don't know if Andy works
dialog: for our show anymore. That
dialog: wrestling stuff... is such a
dialog: turnoff.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: We agree completely.
dialog: (tactfully begging)
dialog: Andy has to reconnect with his core
dialog: audience. So I got him on Letterman
dialog: tonight. He's gonna apologize to
text: Jerry Lawler, then repent for all
text: his bad guy shenanigans.
text: Lorne Michaels mulls this over.
speaker_heading: LORNE MICHAELS
dialog: That's smart.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: He's very sincere.
dialog: (quietly emphatic)
dialog: And he needs your show...
text: Beat. Lorne Michaels nods.
speaker_heading: LORNE MICHAELS
dialog: Okay. It'd be good to have the old
dialog: Andy back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DAVID LETTERMAN SHOW - NIGHT
text: Andy and Jerry Lawler are on DAVID LETTERMAN'S show. Andy
text: is pallid, hair shaggy, in a neckbrace and tweed jacket.
text: Husky Lawler wears loud red pants and gold chains.
text: Andy speaks timidly, seeming a bit dazed and regretful.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I apologize for all the wrestling
dialog: I've ever done. I'm sorry for all
dialog: the abuse I've ever given...
dialog: (soft)
dialog: I was just playing bad guy wrestler.
dialog: That's not me... it's just a role.
dialog: But Jerry took it personally.
text: Lawler and Letterman are unimpressed.
speaker_heading: LETTERMAN
dialog: You said some pretty inflammatory
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: He thinks everything's a joke -- but
dialog: it's not.
dialog: (to Andy)
dialog: Did you laugh when you were layin'
dialog: in the hospital??
text: The crowd WHOOOOS.
text: Angst flickers on Andy's sweaty face. He stammers.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: T-there wasn't a reason to purposely
dialog: hurt me --
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: You're a wimp.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (upset)
dialog: My father said I should've gotten a
dialog: lawyer --!
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: Then your father's a wimp.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: And you're just poor white trash!
text: Lawler's had enough. Enraged, he wildly stands and SLAPS
dialog: Andy.
speaker_heading: BAM!
text: Andy crashes over and falls from his chair.
text: THUD. He's on the floor.
text: Dead silence. Everyone is astonished.
text: They're all slack-jawed. Even PAUL SHAFFER. Trying to
text: cover, Paul hurriedly kicks in with a ROCKABILLY TUNE.
text: Andy jumps up, crazed.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
text: I'M SICK AND TIRED OF THIS SHIT!
text: Lawler freezes in his seat. Letterman hides behind his
dialog: desk.
text: Andy storms over, out-of-control. From a safe distance, he
text: starts SCREAMING at Lawler.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: YOU ARE FULL OF SHIT, Lawler! I
dialog: WILL SUE YOUR ASS! YOU'RE A FUCKING
speaker_heading: ASSHOLE!
dialog: (he POUNDS the desk)
dialog: FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! I WILL GET YOU
dialog: FOR THIS!!!
text: Freaked, Andy leaps up and storms out.
speaker_heading: LETTERMAN
dialog: You said some pretty inflammatory
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: He thinks everything's a joke -- but
dialog: it's not.
dialog: (to Andy)
dialog: Did you laugh when you were layin'
dialog: in the hospital??
text: The crowd WHOOOOS.
text: Angst flickers on Andy's sweaty face. He stammers.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: T-there wasn't a reason to purposely
dialog: hurt me --
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: You're a wimp.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (upset)
dialog: My father said I should've gotten a
dialog: lawyer --!
speaker_heading: LAWLER
dialog: Then your father's a wimp.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: And you're just poor white trash!
text: Lawler's had enough. Enraged, he wildly stands and SLAPS
dialog: Andy.
speaker_heading: BAM!
text: Andy crashes over and falls from his chair.
text: THUD. He's on the floor.
text: Dead silence. Everyone is astonished.
text: They're all slack-jawed. Even PAUL SHAFFER. Trying to
text: cover, Paul hurriedly kicks in with a ROCKABILLY TUNE.
text: Andy jumps up, crazed.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
text: I'M SICK AND TIRED OF THIS SHIT!
text: Lawler freezes in his seat. Letterman hides behind his
dialog: desk.
text: Andy storms over, out-of-control. From a safe distance, he
text: starts SCREAMING at Lawler.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: YOU ARE FULL OF SHIT, Lawler! I
dialog: WILL SUE YOUR ASS! YOU'RE A FUCKING
speaker_heading: ASSHOLE!
dialog: (he POUNDS the desk)
dialog: FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! I WILL GET YOU
dialog: FOR THIS!!!
text: Freaked, Andy leaps up and storms out.
text: The crowd CHEERS rowdily.
text: An unsure moment. Dave glances at Lawler.
text: Until, Andy stumbles back in. He tries to calm himself.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: I am sorry. I am sorry to use those
dialog: words on television. I apologize!
dialog: I'm sorry!
dialog: (demented)
dialog: But YOU -- you're a MOTHERFUCKING
dialog: ASSHOLE!!!!
text: Andy slams Dave's desk. Dave jerks nervously.
text: Crazed, Andy looks down at Dave's coffee cup. Uh-oh.
text: Suddenly, Andy grabs the coffee and DUMPS it on Lawler!
text: Lawler jumps, burned. A SECURITY GUARD runs in.
text: Andy screams and hurtles away. He slams open the stage door
text: and barrels out of sight.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. LORNE MICHAELS' HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Lorne Michaels is watching this at home. He gapes in
dialog: disbelief.
speaker_heading: LORNE MICHAELS
dialog: Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE - ONE WEEK LATER
text: A SMUG COMIC stands on stage, speaking into camera. The
text: show's going out live.
speaker_heading: SMUG COMIC
dialog: Hi. Um, we were supposed to have
dialog: Andy Kaufman on our show this week -
dialog: - but now our producers aren't sure
dialog: if it's such a good idea.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Some of us at Saturday Night Live
dialog: think Kaufman's a comic genius. But
dialog: others disagree... they say he's
dialog: just not funny anymore.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So we're putting the decision up to
dialog: you. Please call up and vote. To
dialog: keep Andy, call 1-900-244-7618. To
dialog: DUMP him, call...
scene_heading: INT. SHAPIRO/WEST - DAY
text: Tight on Andy, staring at the LA Times. A small headline
text: says "JOKESTER ANDY KAUFMAN VOTED OFF 'SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE'"
text: He is bothered.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: This is bad... I only got 28
dialog: percent! I'm like McGovern in
dialog: '72...
text: George sighs.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And this wasn't "Merv." This was
text: the hippest audience on television.
dialog: (grim)
dialog: They've turned on you.
text: At that... we reveal that SOMEONE ELSE is sitting next to
text: Andy. But only the back of his head is visible.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: It's like you two guys wanted to
dialog: destroy Andy's career! Upsetting
dialog: all those people... putting out that
dialog: toxic venom...
dialog: (helpless)
dialog: What did you THINK would happen?!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (guilty)
dialog: We were just trying to push the
dialog: envelope --
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You're BLIND! There is no envelope
dialog: anymore!!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It hurts me to say this... but
dialog: there's only one solution --
dialog: (pained)
dialog: I don't want you two to ever work
dialog: together again.
dialog: We WIDEN...
text: And the other person is JERRY LAWLER. He feels bad.
speaker_heading: JERRY LAWLER
dialog: I'm sorry. We thought it was
dialog: funny...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Jer', it's not your fault. You were
dialog: terrific.
dialog: (sad)
dialog: But maybe George is right...
speaker_heading: JERRY LAWLER
dialog: That's fine. But I wouldn't have
dialog: traded it for anything...
dialog: (poignant)
dialog: Because for one brief, shining
dialog: moment... the world thought that
dialog: wrestling was real.
text: Andy gulps emotionally.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: We'll stay in touch. Next time I'm
dialog: in Memphis, I'll stop by the house,
dialog: and Noreen can make me her double
dialog: chocolate cake.
speaker_heading: JERRY LAWLER
dialog: Alright, buddy...
dialog: (choked up)
dialog: Stay good.
text: Andy and Jerry hug.
text: A touching beat... until Andy gets a Quixotic gleam.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Maybe I can turn it into a bit. I
dialog: can go back on the show, and say it
dialog: was rigged. Demand a recount...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy! You don't get it!
dialog: (somber)
dialog: They don't want you back.
text: Andy's face drops.
scene_heading: INT. MEDITATION INSTITUTE UNIVERSITY, CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The Yogi slowly walks down the corridor, deep in thought. A
text: few DISCIPLES IN TURBANS mill around.
scene_heading: INT. MEDITATION INSTITUTE UNIVERSITY, CLASSROOM - DAY
text: NINE STUDENTS, sitting in the Lotus position, are listening
text: to a teacher. The teacher is Andy.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Open your eyes... close your eyes...
dialog: open your eyes... close your eyes...
dialog: open your eyes... close your eyes...
text: Andy is repeating this faster and faster; the students are
text: blinking their eyes faster and faster.
text: The door opens. The Yogi sticks his head in.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: Excuse me, Andy...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yes, your Holiness?
text: The Yogi signals Andy to step out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. MEDITATION INSTITUTE UNIVERSITY, CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Andy steps out.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: This is very difficult for me to
dialog: say... but -- perhaps it would be
dialog: best if you didn't attend the
dialog: retreat.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Why?? I... I attend every year.
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: Yes -- we do not doubt your devotion
dialog: to TM. But we feel that perhaps...
dialog: you and the program have grown apart
dialog: philosophically.
text: Andy is stunned.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: "Philosophically"?
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: (he sighs)
dialog: The wrestling... the sexist
dialog: remarks... the foul language...
dialog: these things are not becoming of an
dialog: enlightened individual.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It seems you have no respect for
dialog: anything.
text: Andy is stupefied. He doesn't know how to respond.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Of course I do...
text: The Yogi shakes his head. Andy can't believe it. He looks
text: around -- men in turbans staring at him.
text: Andy cracks.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Please! You've GOT to let me take
dialog: the classes! It's how I keep myself
dialog: BALANCED!!
speaker_heading: YOGI
text: It is apparently not working.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: So HELP ME! All I wanna do is
dialog: MEDITATE!!
speaker_heading: YOGI
dialog: (pained)
dialog: Andy, don't raise your voice. We
dialog: don't wish your presence here.
text: Andy is broken.
text: He fights to bottle his rage -- then notices Little Wendy
text: down the corridor, peering helplessly. Beaten, Andy waves
text: goodbye to her.
text: Little Wendy gulps, then waves goodbye too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Middle of the afternoon, Andy lies in bed. Covers pulled up
text: to his face, expression glum, he's like a tragic still-life.
text: Suddenly DING-DONG! It's the doorbell.
text: Andy ignores this. Beat. Another DING-DONG! Then
text: KNOCKING.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: LYNNE (O.S.)
dialog: It's me.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh, it's open.
text: The door opens. Lynne enters, holding a carton of ice
dialog: cream.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: I brought you Haagen Dazs.
dialog: Chocolate.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (mournful)
dialog: I don't deserve Haagen Daz. I'm a
dialog: horrible person.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Andy, you're not horrible. You're
dialog: just... complicated.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You don't know the real me.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Andy... there is no real you.
scene_heading: TIGHT - ANDY
text: An astonished silence.
text: And then... he slowly smiles.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You're probably right.
text: They both giggle.
text: Andy studies her... looking at Lynne's face, body, eyes.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Do you wanna move in together?
text: Lynne smiles slyly. She leans down and kisses him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE - DAY
text: A moving van outside a funky 60's house. MOVERS carry boxes
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Andy sits disoriented in the living room. Movers bustle
text: around him. Mirrors get leaned against opposing walls --
text: and he finds himself looking into multiple reflections of
dialog: himself.
text: In the b.g., Lynne arranges some vases, then hurries out.
text: Andy opens a box and pulls out his old Howdy Doody doll. He
text: smiles, then places Howdy on the shelf next to the vases.
text: Suddenly a phone on the floor RINGS. He grins.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey! Our first phone call!
text: (he scrambles for
dialog: the phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: GEORGE (V.O.)
dialog: Andy... it's me. I've got some
text: crummy news.
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Taxi's been canceled.
dialog: Silence.
text: Andy has no response.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: Do you want me to come over? Talk
dialog: about it?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Um... no. Uh, I'm sorta busy right
dialog: now. Thanks. We'll get together
dialog: next week.
text: Andy hangs up. He just sits there... confused... unsure how
dialog: to react.
text: Andy scratches his head -- then feels something odd. He
text: goes over to the mirror. On the back of his neck... is an
text: inflamed red pimple. Andy grimaces.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Yuck!
scene_heading: INT. LA IMPROV, SHOWROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Very late -- a clock says 1:15. A YOUNG COMIC is onstage,
text: performing to the DOZEN audience members left.
text: In back walks... Andy. Unshaven, morose, he quietly
text: approaches paternal owner BUDD FRIEDMAN. Budd sees him,
text: grins, and gives him a hearty hug. Andy points at the stage
text: and asks for something -- Budd eagerly nods.
scene_heading: INT. LA IMPROV, SHOWROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Budd is onstage.
speaker_heading: BUDD
dialog: And now we have a treat for you late-
text: night diehards. The star of Taxi --
dialog: here in person, Andy Kaufman!
text: The sparse crowd APPLAUDS. Budd leaves, and Andy shuffles
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Actually, Budd, you're wrong. I
dialog: found out today that Taxi's been
dialog: canceled.
text: The crowd AWWWWS sadly. Andy blinks.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Yeah, that's how I felt too...
dialog: though I don't know why. 'Cause for
dialog: years, all I wanted to do was get
dialog: off that show.
dialog: (quiet, very
dialog: confessional)
dialog: But now that nobody will hire me,
dialog: and nobody thinks I'm funny... I
dialog: guess it was probably a pretty good
dialog: job.
text: One guy LAUGHS sharply.
text: Andy gives him a look -- thinks -- then continues.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Not to mention that my wife has left
dialog: me. And she took the kids.
dialog: (he sighs)
dialog: I don't know what I'm gonna do with
dialog: myself. My options are sorta
dialog: limited...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This morning, I noticed I've got a
text: cyst, or some kind of boil, on the
dialog: back of my neck. It's really
dialog: disgusting. Look.
text: Andy turns. The red lump is bigger, grosser. The crowd
text: GROANS, revolted.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: So I was thinking, since I'm sort of
dialog: a quasi-celebrity, that I could
dialog: charge people to touch it.
dialog: (candid)
dialog: Does anybody want to pay a buck to
dialog: touch my cyst?
text: A couple stoners GIGGLE and CLAP. Andy COUGHS, then frowns.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: I'm serious.
text: A pause... then a few curious people walk up to the stage.
text: The first taker is a GOOFY BLONDE WOMAN. She starts to
text: reach for the cyst -- when Andy stops her.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: No, no, you gotta pay first.
text: She nods, discomforted, and reaches for her purse...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LA IMPROV, BAR - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: A BUSBOY sweeps up. Budd counts money in the cash register.
text: Andy shuffles out of the showroom. He waves some bills.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I made six bucks. That's good
dialog: money.
text: Budd stares sadly.
speaker_heading: BUDD
dialog: This is a comedy club -- not a
dialog: medical sideshow.
dialog: (trying to be kind)
dialog: If you wanna perform here, take a
dialog: shower, get some sleep, and pull
dialog: yourself together. Come back and do
dialog: the material that people love: Do
dialog: the Mighty Mouse, the Foreign guy!
dialog: Andy, you gotta snap out of this
dialog: funk! If you can -- I'll give you
text: the headline spot tomorrow.
text: Andy thinks. The wheels are spinning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MELROSE - DAY
text: George is driving down Melrose, listening to the radio. He
text: glances at the passing marquee -- then does a doubletake.
text: It says "ANDY KAUFMAN - 9 P.M."
scene_heading: INT. LA IMPROV, LOBBY - THAT NIGHT
text: Puzzled George hurries inside. COMICS greet him: "Hey
dialog: George!" "George, you got a second?!" George distractedly
text: waves and moves through. At the showroom door, he finds
dialog: Budd.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hey, what's going on here?
speaker_heading: BUDD
dialog: George, you won't believe it... I
dialog: got Andy to do all the old material!
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: And he's killin' them!
text: Inside, there's HUGE LAUGHTER. George's eyes widen.
text: Piqued, he goes in...
scene_heading: INT. LA IMPROV, SHOWROOM - NIGHT
text: And it's packed! Andy is onstage, playing struggling,
dialog: lovable Foreign Man.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: ... but one ting I do not like is
dialog: too much traffic. Tonight I had to
dialog: come on de freeway, and it was so
dialog: much traffic...
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: It took me an hour and a half to get
dialog: here!
text: Foreign Man chuckles pathetically.
text: The crowd HOWLS. Andy's rockin'.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd)
dialog: But talking about the terrible
dialog: things: My wife. Take my --
scene_heading: INTERRUPTING JERK
dialog: "Take my wife, please take her."
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: T-take my wife, please take her...
text: The rhythm is thrown. A couple laughs.
text: A flustered pause. Andy glances down, then continues.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd)
dialog: No really, I am only foolink. I
dialog: love my wife very much. But she
dialog: don't know how to cook --
scene_heading: INTERRUPTING JERK
dialog: "Her cooking is so bad, is
dialog: terrible."
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN)
dialog: H-her cooking...
dialog: (Andy stumbles
dialog: uncomfortably)
dialog: Uh, cooking is so bad, is terrible.
text: The laughs are weaker. The act is getting wrecked.
text: IN BACK - George grimaces. Who the hell's doing this??
text: Angry, George hurries down front, looking for the loud jerk.
text: He scans the tables... and it's Zmuda.
speaker_heading: ANDY (AS FOREIGN MAN) (cont'd)
dialog: But right now --
speaker_heading: ZMUDA (AS JERK)
dialog: "But right now I would like to do
dialog: for you some imitations. First, the
dialog: Archie Bunker."
text: Andy freezes up.
text: The audience is embarrassed.
text: A frazzled confusion, then Andy drops the accent. He glares
dialog: at Zmuda.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Sir, do you have a problem?
speaker_heading: ZMUDA (AS JERK)
dialog: Yeah, my problem is you're tired.
text: Andy winces.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I, I was asked to do this material -
dialog: -
speaker_heading: ZMUDA (AS JERK)
dialog: Sure, because your new stuff's a
dialog: bunch of crap. Kaufman, people are
dialog: sick of you. The wrestling... the
dialog: hoaxes...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Hey -- that stuff gets written-up in
dialog: the papers --
speaker_heading: ZMUDA (AS JERK)
dialog: Who gives a shit?! It's not funny!
text: GEORGE - is dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Why...? Andy, why...?
text: ON ANDY AND ZMUDA
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: I used to think you were original.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I was very original!
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Yeah, exactly -- "was"! But now,
dialog: you're creatively bankrupt.
text: (he gleams cruelly)
dialog: In fact, Ladies and Gentlemen,
dialog: Kaufman's so desperate, he PAID me
dialog: to do this tonight!! I'm a plant.
text: It's just a fresh coat of paint on
text: an old broken-down routine.
dialog: (back to Andy)
dialog: Isn't that true???
text: Andy shudders.
text: The audience averts their eyes.
text: A painful silence.
dialog: "Andy Kaufman" has been destroyed.
scene_heading: EXT. LA IMPROV - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Andy and George walk sadly down the street. There is a
text: horrible gloom over them.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: The world thinks Andy Kaufman sucks.
dialog: So I was just giving 'em what they
dialog: want...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Andy, they don't think you suck.
dialog: They've just... lost a reason to
dialog: love you.
text: The guys stop walking. George gently speaks.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: You've gotta make the public embrace
dialog: you again. You have to win back
dialog: their sympathy...
speaker_heading: ON ANDY
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'll come up with something.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAUREL CANYON, BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The telephone wakes up Lynne in the new bedroom. She looks
text: over -- Andy's not there. She looks at the clock and it's
text: 4:30 am. She picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Andy!!... Where are you? I've been
dialog: worried sick... NOW??... Where do
dialog: you want to meet?... Okay, I'll call
dialog: them...
text: Lynne's baffled.
scene_heading: INT. DENNY'S - DAWN
text: Late-night Hollywood weirdos mill about. Andy sits with
text: bleary Lynne, Zmuda, and George. Zmuda admires the menu.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Look at that Grand Slam! Two eggs,
dialog: two bacon, two sausage, two pancakes
dialog: -- $2.99! How do they do it?
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: They get you on the coffee.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (irritable)
dialog: Excuse me -- but could Andy tell us
dialog: why we're here???
text: All heads turn. A long pause.
text: Then -- Andy stiffly speaks.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I have cancer.
text: Beat. Zmuda nods.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Hey, that's good! We can make that
dialog: play.
dialog: (spitballing)
dialog: And we'll really drag it out. You
dialog: get better, you get worse... you
dialog: die...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: FORGET IT. It's in terrible taste!
dialog: I want nothing to do with this.
text: Pause. Lynne is puzzled.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Andy, are you serious?
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Serious like a heart attack! Hey,
dialog: maybe I can push you around in some
dialog: goofy wheelchair!
text: Andy softly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No, it's true. I have lung cancer.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: That's ridiculous. You don't even
dialog: smoke.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: I -- I got some freaky rare kind.
dialog: It's called large-celled carcinoma.
text: Lynne's eyes tear up. She hugs onto Andy.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Jesus, Andy! Can they cure it?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: They don't know... they've gotta run
dialog: more tests.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: (starting to cry)
dialog: Have you told your family?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No, NO! Not yet. I feel bad --
dialog: I've jerked 'em around so many
dialog: times.
text: George and Zmuda glance skeptically at each other. Hmm...
text: Confused, George leans in to Andy.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy... you look me in the eye, and
dialog: tell me this is true.
text: Andy gulps.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: George -- it's true.
scene_heading: INT. DENNY'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: George confronts Zmuda.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: If I find out you're behind this,
dialog: I'll kill you.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: What are ya TALKIN' ABOUT?! I was
dialog: the one saying I didn't believe it!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Exactly. That's the sort of thing
dialog: you guys would work out to fuck me
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE - DAY
text: Andy is doing laundry. He empties the clean clothes, puts
text: them in a basket, and carries them to the rug. Then he sits
text: down and starts laying out pairs of socks in highly
text: symmetrical patterns. Focused, impassive, Andy pointlessly
dialog: orders the socks like the world depended on it.
text: Lynne enters, emotionally wrecked. She stares in
text: frustration at Andy's behavior.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: How can you be so casual??!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: Even if I'm dying -- I still need
dialog: clean socks.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: You're NOT DYING!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Okay. You're probably right.
text: He keeps working. Lynne loses it.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: God, you're so detached!!
text: Lynne storms out.
text: Andy finishes his socks. Satisfied... he turns on the TV.
text: ON THE TV: It's "Lassie." Little TIMMY is laid-up in bed,
text: with a broken leg. Suddenly LASSIE runs in, holding a book.
text: Lassie places the book on his lap. The boy smiles
text: gratefully.
speaker_heading: TIMMY (ON TV)
dialog: Thank you, girl. You're my best
dialog: friend.
text: Timmy warmly embraces the dog.
text: ANDY - is terribly touched. Tears start rolling down his
dialog: face.
text: Genuine sobbing. Terrible grief, until he wipes his cheeks.
text: Andy collects himself, then reaches for a phone. He dials a
dialog: long number.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Dad...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CEDARS SINAI, RADIATION ROOM - DAY
text: ANDY lies under the machine. It bombards his body with
dialog: powerful radiation.
scene_heading: INT. CEDARS SINAI, DOCTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The whole Kaufman family is gathered. Stanley, Janice,
text: Michael and Carol listen to a BLAND DOCTOR in a white coat.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: The cancer started in Andy's left
dialog: arm and spread to his lungs. We've
dialog: initiated an aggressive radiation
dialog: program... see if we can eradicate
dialog: the affected cells.
dialog: (his BEEPER goes
dialog: off)
dialog: Excuse me. I'll be right back.
text: The doctor leaves. A somber silence -- and then Janice
text: bursts into tears. Stanley hugs her tightly.
text: Carol watches the doctor with great hostility. His old
text: tennis shoes are grabbing her attention. He leaves, and she
text: frowns.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What a crock.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (angered)
dialog: How dare you make light of this!
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Dad, I cried when he broke his neck.
dialog: He's not gettin' me again --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (impassioned)
dialog: Jesus! He's got lung cancer!
text: A standoff moment. Carol loses it.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: See, that's exactly it! He picked
dialog: lung cancer, because he doesn't
dialog: smoke. That makes it weird! If
dialog: he'd picked leukemia, it'd be
dialog: totally believable, and we'd all be
dialog: going, "Poor Andy, he's really
dialog: sick." So he chose lung cancer,
dialog: because he WANTS us to be scratching
dialog: our heads, saying, "Is this real?"
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: (trying to convince
dialog: herself)
dialog: Of course it's real. We're in a
dialog: hospital...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Mom, it's Cedars-Sinai! It's a
dialog: showbiz hospital! Andy's studio
dialog: friends probably run this place!
speaker_heading: CAROL
text: He plans these things out. He takes
dialog: over, hires actors...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Personally, I didn't think that
dialog: "doctor" was very convincing.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Did you notice his costume had the
dialog: wrong shoes?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Yeah! He didn't have doctor shoes!
text: A moment of total silence. All four of them look at each
dialog: other. Is there... a glimmer of hope?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We all know he's talked about faking
dialog: his own death...
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Sure -- but what if he isn't?
dialog: (sad; poignant)
dialog: My son could be dying... and we're
dialog: actin' like we're on Candid Camera.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE - DAY
text: George pulls up in his convertible. He jumps out.
text: He walks to the door and starts to knock -- when suddenly it
text: creeps open. It's Lynne, putting her finger to her lips:
dialog: Shh!
scene_heading: INT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The house is dark. Lynne leads George into the shrouded
text: living room... and Andy is sitting in a Lotus position,
text: concentrating. In front is a WILD-HAIRED MAN in a purple
dialog: robe.
speaker_heading: WILD-HAIRED MAN
dialog: I want you to visualize. Visualize
dialog: big, healthy white cells in your
dialog: body. Now visualize little cancer
dialog: cells. Now those big white cells
dialog: are attacking the cancer cells...
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: I see them... I see the white
dialog: cells...
text: In the corner -- George stares. He's fighting his
dialog: skepticism.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - LATER THAT DAY
text: The drapes are open. Sunlight streams in. Andy hugs the
text: teacher goodbye, and the man leaves.
text: George has been waiting in back.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What was that all about?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It's visualization therapy. He's
dialog: helping me turn inward and fight the
dialog: disease.
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: He's an actor. I remember him in
dialog: "The In-Laws."
text: Ah. Andy's eyes widen. His wheels are spinning fast.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Uh, yes... that's true. But he's
dialog: also ordained in holistic medicine.
text: ON GEORGE - He glares, stewing. George is fed up.
text: ON ANDY - An unspoken tension. Then suddenly, he breaks
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: George, what am I supposed to do?!
dialog: I'm sick, and I'm tryin' to get
dialog: better... but everyone's lookin' at
dialog: me funny! Even you come to my home
dialog: and act like I'm puttin' on a skit!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You must take a little pleasure in
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Of course!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But that doesn't mean I don't need
dialog: everyone's support! I can't be
text: surrounded by negative energy.
text: George shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Andy, you're surrounded by what you
dialog: create. You are the KING of
dialog: negative energy.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: Y-yeah? Well, then it has to stop!
dialog: Because if these bad vibes get
dialog: out... then everyone will be talkin'
dialog: about how sick I am, and it becomes
text: a self-fulfilling prophecy, and then
dialog: -- I'm dead.
text: Andy struggles to remain composed. George sighs.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So how can I help you...?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I wanna go back to work and put on a
dialog: happy show.
dialog: (bright-eyed)
dialog: The best show anybody's ever seen!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Do you wanna tour the clubs?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No clubs. I wanna reach the TOP!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Carnegie Hall...!
text: George gently smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL ENQUIRER OFFICES - DAY
text: A STAFF meeting at the National Enquirer.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: I'm working on a great cover story:
dialog: I've got a guy in the lab at Cedars.
dialog: He says Andy Kaufman is dying of
dialog: lung cancer.
text: Beat. The room GROANS.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: What bullshit! No. No more Kaufman
dialog: stories! He's burned us too many
dialog: times!
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Yeah, he's definitely not dying.
text: He's playing Carnegie Hall next
dialog: month!
text: The Reporter frowns.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: Jesus. Only Kaufman would use
dialog: cancer as a publicity stunt.
scene_heading: INT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A 16mm PROJECTOR runs a scratchy 1930's movie short on the
text: wall. Smiling fake COWBOYS and COWGIRLS dance, the cowgirls
text: straddling hobby horses. They all SING.
scene_heading: COWBOYS AND COWGIRLS
dialog: "I've got spurs
dialog: That jingle-jangle jingle..."
speaker_heading: WE WIDEN
text: Andy, George and Zmuda watch. Andy's face is enthralled
text: like a kid.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: This is great. The crowd's gonna
dialog: love this!
dialog: (giddy; thinking)
dialog: Hey... do you still think any of
dialog: those cowgirls are still alive?
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: I dunno. If they were, they'd be
dialog: pushin' 80.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Well, call SAG. It'd be cool to get
text: one on the show.
dialog: (excited)
dialog: I want the evening to build and
dialog: build. It's gonna have the most
dialog: incredible ending: Singers, dancers,
dialog: the "Hallelujah Chorus" -- then the
text: sky opens, and Santa Claus comes
dialog: flying down!
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: And you say, "Santa, what am I
dialog: gettin' for Christmas?" And he
dialog: says, "Cancer!"
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No! NO NO NO! None of that! I
dialog: want this show to be positive!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: That's great... but this show's
dialog: gonna cost a fortune. Even if it
dialog: sells out, you'll still lose eighty
dialog: grand.
text: Andy smiles.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I don't care about the money. I
dialog: just want the show to deliver.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So who's gonna pay for it?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Tony Clifton.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know Tony doesn't have that kind
dialog: of money.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Then he'll borrow it. I know Tony
dialog: better than you do. Even if he has
dialog: to work another ten years to pay it
dialog: off, he'll do it!
text: Pause. George considers this -- then slowly nods.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Okay, Andy. Will do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CEDARS SINAI - DAY
text: Andy silently sits. The doctor and two NURSES administer a
text: chemo drip into Andy's body.
text: He stares at the needle in his arm.
text: The chemo begins.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CARNEGIE HALL - NIGHT
text: A dressy NEW YORK CROWD pushes into Carnegie Hall. The
text: marquee says "ANDY KAUFMAN."
scene_heading: INT. CARNEGIE HALL - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The show is on. Andy effusively PLAYS his conga drum and
dialog: SINGS nonsense words to "Allouette, Gentille Alloutte."
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Abbu daba, abi abbu daba! Abbu
dialog: daba, abu dabu do!
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: Abbu dabbu da ba do...!
text: Everyone repeats. In the audience, George sings along too.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
scene_heading: ABBU DABBU DA BA DO!!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: A ba du ba ti la ma na go!
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
scene_heading: A BA DU BA TI... LA... MA NA GO...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Abbu da ba du ba ti lama na gobo abi
dialog: tabu la!
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
speaker_heading: ABBU DA BA DU...
text: The crowd hopelessly breaks out LAUGHING.
text: ANDY laughs along. They're all having a good time.
scene_heading: INT. CARNEGIE HALL - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The corny "Jingle Jangle Cowboy" MOVIE is playing on a big
text: screen. It finishes. Beaming Andy grabs the mike.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen! I'm pleased
dialog: to announce that we have with us the
dialog: one surviving cowgirl from that 1931
dialog: film, Eleanor "Cody" Gould!!
text: Crazed APPLAUSE. Frail ELEANOR GOULD, 75, comes onstage.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: It's such an honor to have you here.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (squinting into the
dialog: lights)
dialog: Andy... this is so overwhelming...
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Well, it's gettin' even better!
dialog: 'Cause we found one of the original
dialog: hobby horses! Do you -- do you
dialog: think you could treat us to a few
dialog: steps from "Jingle Jangle Jingle"?
text: Eleanor starts to protest -- but Andy hands her the HOBBY
text: HORSE. She blushes. Andy turns away, goes to the band, and
text: starts conducting. They begin to PLAY "JINGLE JANGLE
text: JINGLE." Eleanor awkwardly starts dancing in circles.
text: Andy gets excited and conducts FASTER. Eleanor is sweating.
text: She dances faster.
text: Andy impatiently SPEEDS UP the MUSIC MORE. Eleanor
text: desperately skips in circles, trying to keep up... when
text: suddenly she grabs her heart.
text: Eleanor stops -- and collapses. She's down.
text: A horrified GASP from the crowd. The band stops playing.
text: CREW MEMBERS run on from backstage. One checks her heart.
text: She's not moving. Zmuda runs out, horrified.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Is there a doctor in the house??!
text: The crowd is stunned silent. Pause -- then one man stands.
dialog: It's Michael.
text: Straight-faced, he hurries out of his seat, sprints down the
text: aisle, and goes on stage. Michael checks her pulse and
text: loosens her blouse. He presses Eleanor's chest, trying to
text: restart her heart. But then -- he shakes his head sadly.
text: She's dead.
text: The crowd MOANS sadly. Michael covers Eleanor with a
dialog: jacket.
scene_heading: INT. CARNEGIE HALL, BACKSTAGE - NIGHT
text: Andy watches, pleased. Suddenly, he COUGHS harshly. Andy
text: drinks some water. Pause... then he puts on a goofy Indian
text: headdress and runs back out.
scene_heading: INT. CARNEGIE HALL - NIGHT
text: Eleanor lies dead. Andy skips over and starts doing an
text: Indian war dance around her body. The crowd is baffled.
text: Andy WHOOPS, he CHANTS... and then Eleanor starts to rise!
text: He WHOOPS triumphantly. She lives, like Frankenstein
text: reborn! The crowd CHEERS, surprised and giggling.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, she's alive!
text: Huge APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: CHOIR (O.S.)
text: HALLELUJAH! HALLELUJAH!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, the Mormon
dialog: Tabernacle Choir!!!
text: Rear curtains part, and the MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR belts
dialog: out the "Hallelujah Chorus"!
text: It's spectacular. The crowd goes nuts.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Oh my gosh, it's the Rockettes!
text: Yes indeed, TWO DOZEN ROCKETTES rush in from the sides, legs
text: kicking high.
dialog: The crowd WHOOS.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: Girls and Boys, it's Santa Claus!!
text: Snow start falling, and SANTA ON HIS SLEIGH drops from
dialog: above.
text: The crowd screams with excitement. It's unbelievable. They
text: leap to a standing ovation.
text: In front are Stanley and Janice. They start crying.
text: Beaming Andy embraces Eleanor. Then he takes the mike.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: And it's not over yet!! 'Cause I'm
dialog: taking you all out to Milk and
dialog: Cookies!!
text: The crowd laughs.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: I'm serious!!!!!!!
scene_heading: EXT. CARNEGIE HALL - MINUTES LATER
text: A thousand people file out -- and THIRTY-FIVE SCHOOLBUSES
text: are parked up and down Fifth Avenue!!! The crowd is AWED.
text: Andy euphorically marches out, pushing his endurance. He's
dialog: the Pied Piper.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Single file! Don't rush! There's
dialog: enough cookies for everyone!!
scene_heading: EXT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The schoolbuses pull up to a school. The disoriented
text: passengers step out, not sure what to expect...
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, CAFETERIA - NIGHT
text: The audience crowds inside... and LADY CAFETERIA WORKERS in
text: hairnets are dispensing milk and cookies. It's remarkable.
text: At a little kids table sit Andy and Lynne. Andy's face is
text: pure joy. He watches all the adults munching on their
text: cookies, everyone giddy at the silliness of it all.
text: Andy smiles beautifully. He squeezes Lynne's hand, then
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I don't want this to ever end...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW MEXICO DESERT - DAY
text: A stucco SPA RESORT sits in the middle of the rocky desert.
scene_heading: INT. SPA - SAME TIME
text: A room with soft lighting and billowing curtains. A New Age
text: HEALER is laying crystals upon Andy's body.
text: Andy COUGHS. His hat is off, revealing he's bald.
speaker_heading: HEALER
dialog: Now we'll place a blue crystal.
dialog: Very high vibrations. It's
dialog: wonderful for it's healing powers.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (spellbound)
dialog: Okay. Let's try two of those... and
text: one of the pink ones.
scene_heading: EXT. SPA - DAY
text: Zmuda stands with a swarmy ADMINISTRATOR.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Your friend is doing four crystal
dialog: sessions a day, but it's just not
dialog: helping.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: I know...
dialog: (beat)
text: The cancer's terminal.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Yes. That wasn't made particularly
dialog: clear to us when he checked in...
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: (irked)
dialog: Look, personally, I think rubbing
dialog: rocks on people is a load of
dialog: horseshit. But if it makes Andy
dialog: happy, that's all that matters.
text: The man purses his lips.
speaker_heading: ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: I'm sorry to sound crass -- but we
dialog: don't want to be "that health resort
dialog: in New Mexico where Andy Kaufman
dialog: died."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm going to have to ask you to
dialog: leave.
text: Zmuda is speechless.
scene_heading: INT. SPA, ANDY'S ROOM - LATER THAT DAY
text: Zmuda angrily packs Andy's bags. Zmuda is seething.
text: But Andy is strangely calm and unaffected.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It's okay, Bob. It wasn't really
dialog: working.
dialog: (a gentle smile)
dialog: We'll find something better.
scene_heading: INT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAY
text: Lynne and Little Wendy are cooking Andy lunch. Lynne mashes
text: up strange unidentifiable plant products.
speaker_heading: LITTLE WENDY
dialog: What is this stuff?
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: It's all macrobiotic. Millet,
dialog: burdock root, kelp... Andy says
dialog: it'll purify him.
text: Suddenly -- a SHARP VOICE.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (O.S.)
dialog: What is that crap? Looks like
dialog: somethin' my dog would puke up!!
text: The women turn. It's Andy -- dressed as Tony Clifton.
text: A spooked moment.
text: Tony's wig, peach tux, and sunglasses are there... but Andy
text: is barely strong enough to bark out the attitude.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: How 'bout me and you dolls go get
dialog: some REAL food: French fries and a
dialog: Porterhouse steak!
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: (not sure what to
dialog: say)
dialog: ...Andy...?
text: Little Wendy's eyes pop: Oh no she broke the rule! Tony
text: gets very indignant.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: I ain't Andy! I'm Tony! Andy's
dialog: sick -- pick, chick, kick, lick!
text: The doctor says he's a goner.
dialog: (rousing himself)
dialog: But Tony's built like a mule! Andy
dialog: asked me to be his pallbearer! I'll
dialog: do it for him! I'm getting stronger
dialog: and stronger! Here, watch this!
text: Tony picks up a CHAIR and starts lifting it: Up, down, up,
text: down. Worried, the women rush to stop him. They take the
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: LYNNE
dialog: Stop it! C'mon, put that down.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Yeah, you're right. We better get
dialog: movin'. We don't wanna miss Happy
dialog: Hour at Kelbos -- all the Mai Tai's
dialog: you can drink for $4.99.
text: Tony jauntily turns to exit. He gestures to the ladies.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: Let's go!
dialog: (he starts SINGING
dialog: "New York, New
dialog: York")
dialog: "These vagabond blues,
dialog: Are washin' away.
dialog: I'll make a brand new start of
dialog: it..."
text: Tony reaches the doorway -- and collapses.
text: He clutches himself in pain.
scene_heading: LYNNE AND LITTLE WENDY
dialog: Andy!!
text: Shocked, they run over.
text: Tony lies huddled on the ground. He mutters sadly,
text: defeatedly.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Dammit...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAUREL CANYON HOUSE - DUSK
text: The sun is setting, purple and orange over the hills. Andy
text: and George lie on chaise lounges, serenely staring out.
text: Andy has a blank look on his face, and has lost more weight.
text: He is a shadow of himself.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: I can't move my arm.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: You've got good days and bad days.
text: Andy softly sighs.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: My hair is coming out.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Yeah...
text: George silently pats Andy. Andy's energy is sapped, but he
text: forces himself to be upbeat.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I've got an idea for a new TV show
dialog: for me to star in. It's called
dialog: "Uncle Andy's Fun House" -- it'll be
dialog: a Saturday morning thing where I can
dialog: goof off with the kids. You know,
dialog: puppets, magic tricks...
text: George is choked up. He goes along with it.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: I think we can sell that.
dialog: Silence.
text: George struggles not to shatter Andy's enthusiasm.
text: Andy smiles gratefully.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey... thanks for always backin' me.
text: George clenches Andy's hand.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Did your -- doctor say it's okay for
dialog: you to go back to work?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Ehhh, you know those guys. If he
dialog: had his way, I'd be stuck in the
dialog: hospital, running tests all day.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And anyway, I've found a new guy
dialog: who's gonna be able to instantly
dialog: remove the cancer.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yeah! He's a psychic surgeon in the
dialog: Philippines, and he's amazing! He
dialog: rubs you and sucks the disease right
dialog: out!
text: Andy beams. George stares sadly.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: The Philippines? I dunno... Andy...
dialog: he sounds like one of your
dialog: characters.
scene_heading: TIGHT - ANDY
text: His voice gets hushed.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No... this guy's special.
dialog: (very sincere)
text: He performs miracles.
text: George doesn't know how to respond.
text: Andy looks up pleadingly.
speaker_heading: ANDY (cont'd)
dialog: He's my last chance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BAGUIO CITY, PHILIPPINES - DAY
text: Baguio, a tiny scratched-in-the-dirt Philippine city.
text: Suddenly, a rattletrap COMMUTER PLANE lurches out of the
text: sky. It hits a dirt runway. Dust flies. Chickens squawk
dialog: and run.
scene_heading: INT. BEAT UP TAXI, PHILIPPINES - DAY
text: Andy, Lynne, and Zmuda ride through the impoverished city.
text: Andy stares in amazement.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC, PHILIPPINES - DAY
text: They reach a brick building. A sign says "CLINIC," with an
text: eye over a triangle.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC, PHILIPPINES - DAY
text: A NURSE hurriedly helps weakened Andy sign a bunch of forms.
text: Money is handed over.
text: Andy's clothes are stripped off. They're thrown in a
dialog: locker.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC OPERATION ROOM, PHILIPPINES - DAY
text: A large white tiled room. Lynne and Zmuda roll in pallid
text: Andy, his limp body unmoving.
text: Andy looks up... and there's a LONG LINE OF SICKLY PEOPLE.
text: Primarily Japanese, emaciated, all stripped to their
text: underwear and barely able to stand.
text: They have a look of desperation and reverence.
text: At the head of the line is JUN ROXAS at his work station: A
text: bench, a sink, and ATTENDANTS with clean towels.
text: A SICKLY WOMAN crawls onto the bench. Jun impassively
text: presses his hand into the fatty flesh of her stomach,
text: kneading, searching. Pause, then he removes some BLOODY
speaker_heading: GUTS.
text: He flings them into a bucket.
text: The woman cries out.
text: Andy gasps.
text: The woman is helped away.
text: Jun turns to wash his hands. An attendant gives him a towel
text: to dry with. Then a SICKLY MAN crawls up...
text: Andy rolls closer. He stares at all this with fear.
dialog: Nervousness. Hope.
text: Jun impassively presses his hand against the man's head. He
text: concentrates, searching... then pulls out some BLOODY GUTS.
text: He flings them into a bucket.
text: The man shakes. He is helped away.
text: Andy is wide-eyed. He gets closer... closer...
text: More patients. More bloody guts. More sobbing.
text: Andy's excitement builds.
text: Then -- he reaches the front.
text: A moment.
text: Lynne and Zmuda stare into Andy's eyes, drawn in by his
text: total belief. They are overcome. It feels like they're
text: saying goodbye. Lynne gives Andy a tender kiss. Zmuda
text: starts to shake his hand -- and instead hugs him tightly.
text: Andy smiles, then the attendants lift him from the
text: wheelchair. They help him up to the bench.
text: Andy lies down. Fluorescent lights buzz overhead.
text: He looks over, and Jun Roxas is washing his hands from the
dialog: previous patient.
text: Andy shivers, anticipating the miracle.
text: Jun turns. An attendant gives him a towel to dry off.
text: Andy relaxes, readying for it all...
text: He glances at Jun's hands. Jun hands back the towel -- and
text: under it the attendant quickly slips Jun a sack of animal
dialog: intestines.
text: Jun discreetly palms it. He's a fake.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - ANDY
text: A moment of stunned disbelief.
text: He is shocked. Outraged. Disappointed. Flabbergasted.
text: The faith is meaningless. The joke is cosmic. The con man
text: has been conned.
text: Andy's overpowering emotions coalesce... and he starts to
speaker_heading: LAUGH.
text: It's sidesplittingly funny. Andy LAUGHS, and LAUGHS, and
text: LAUGHS, like a crazy man with no salvation, the joy
text: releasing him, the tears rolling down his cheeks.
text: His face flushes with color. Life sparkles in his eyes.
text: Andy laughs and guffaws until he's hoarse. This is the best
dialog: gag of them all.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Andy lies in peace in a casket. He has died.
text: His expression is pleasantly bland. Almost Latka-like. But
text: his face is caked with so much funeral-home makeup, it
text: almost looks like a mask.
text: We slowly widen. The casket is surrounded by beautiful
text: flowers. We TILT UP... and high above... is a MOVIE SCREEN.
text: On the SCREEN is a projection of Andy, silently staring at
text: us. There's a gentle smile on his face. It's the image
text: from the opening of this film.
text: ANDY'S POV: The chapel is filled with GRIEVING MOURNERS.
text: All are in black. Everyone's quiet, in a state of shock.
text: Andy's family is huddled.
text: Lynne sits alone in a pew, crying.
text: George gives Zmuda a hug. Little Wendy comes over... and
text: they comfort each other.
dialog: Everyone who ever knew Andy is there: Taxi cast, Fridays
text: cast, TM followers, hookers, Jerry Lawler, Ed Weinberger,
text: Maynard Smith, Budd Friedman, it goes on and on...
text: And -- they all have odd discombobulated expressions. They
text: stare up at the PROJECTED ANDY.
speaker_heading: ANDY (ON FILM)
dialog: Well... My show is over. I did my
dialog: best, and I just want to say, until
dialog: we meet again... please remember:
dialog: (he begins to SING)
dialog: "In this friendly, friendly world...
text: With each day so full of joy.
dialog: Why should any heart be lonely."
text: Some gathered people tentatively join in the SINGING.
speaker_heading: ANDY (ON FILM) (cont'd)
dialog: So everybody! Put your arm around
dialog: the person next to you, even if you
dialog: don't like that person. Come on!
dialog: (he resumes SINGING)
dialog: "The world is such a wonderful
dialog: place,
dialog: To wander through,
dialog: When you've got someone to love,
dialog: To wander along with you.
text: With the sky so full of stars,
dialog: And the river so full of songs,
dialog: Every heart should be so thankful,
dialog: Thankful for this friendly, friendly
dialog: world..."
text: The curtain behind the coffin OPENS and the casket with
text: Andy's body slowly slides into the DARKNESS.
text: The curtain closes. The FILM ENDS.
text: And all goes silent.
text: Some people cry. Some begin to leave. Most of them are
text: just staying, numbed.
text: George and Zmuda whisper.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: It's a perfect Kaufman audience.
speaker_heading: ZMUDA
dialog: Yeah. They don't know whether to be
dialog: sad, or angry.
text: The Taxi cast are flustered.
speaker_heading: CAROL KANE
dialog: Why are people leaving? The
dialog: curtain's gonna open. Andy's gonna
dialog: come out... I know it!
speaker_heading: TONY DANZA
dialog: Sure, the body was just made of
dialog: wax...!
dialog: (a very long beat)
dialog: Wasn't it......?
text: Silence. They look to the front.
text: The closed curtain wafts... then settles motionless.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BLVD./COMEDY STORE - NIGHT
text: A SUPER slowly appears: "EXACTLY ONE YEAR LATER"
text: On Sunset, TWO DUDES come riding along on skateboards.
text: Suddenly they reach -- INSANITY. Traffic on Sunset is
text: jammed. HONKING limousines jockey to squeeze by.
text: Confused, one Dude squints into the distance -- and his eyes
dialog: pop.
speaker_heading: DUDE #2
dialog: Oh my GOD.
dialog: (stupefied)
dialog: That's the freakiest thing I've ever
dialog: seen!! Look!
text: He points. His friend turns -- and gasps.
text: AT THE COMEDY STORE - The marquee says "TONY CLIFTON: LIVE!"
speaker_heading: DUDE #1
dialog: Man, we were right! He's not dead!
speaker_heading: DUDE #2
dialog: He's just been lyin' low for a year!
dialog: WE GOTTA GO!
text: Hysterical, the guys race up to the club. But outside,
text: there's a CRAZED, PULSING MOB. People are screaming.
text: Police have barricades. Everybody cries to get in.
scene_heading: INT. COMEDY STORE - SAME TIME
text: It's packed. Every square inch is filled with glittery
dialog: Hollywood VIPs. People make chit-chat... but there is a
text: squeamish excitement in the air. A brooding unease. Nobody
dialog: knows what to expect.
text: Suddenly -- the lights go black. A BOOMING ANNOUNCER.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen! Please put
dialog: your hands together for... Tony
dialog: Clifton!
text: The THEME FROM 2001 starts playing. "DAAAAA, DAAAAA,
scene_heading: DAAAAA! DA-DAAAAA"!
text: A small SPOT appears -- on a peach tuxedo. The light grows
text: bigger, bigger... the tension magnifying... people
text: gasping... our view widening... until Tony Clifton is
dialog: revealed onstage!
text: It's an extraordinary theatrical moment -- without response.
text: The crowd has no idea what to do.
text: Tony smirks.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: How ya doin'?
text: Dead silence.
text: Tony struts downstage. He waves to the crowd.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: How you doin' back there?!
dialog: (to the front rows)
dialog: How you doin' up here?!
text: Still no response. Until -- a lone reckless VOICE.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Andy!
text: Whoa. The crowd rustles nervously.
text: Tony grimaces.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON
dialog: Don't know nothin' about no Andy.
dialog: Just some dead guy tryin' to ride my
dialog: coattails.
dialog: (to the BAND)
dialog: Let's HIT IT, boys! One, two, anda
dialog: one two three four!
text: The BAND kicks in with disco anthem "I WILL SURVIVE." Tony
text: starts SINGING the schmaltzy opening:
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: "First I was afraid
dialog: I was petrified.
dialog: Kept thinkin' I could never live
dialog: Without you at my side."
text: (he wipes away a
dialog: pretend tear)
dialog: "Were you the one that tried to
dialog: Hurt me with goodbye?
dialog: Did you think I'd crumble?
dialog: Did you think I'd lay down and
dialog: Die...?"
text: We PAN the room full of enthralled spectators. At a front
text: table are George and Lynne.
text: Tony attacks the chorus.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: "Oh no not I!
dialog: I WILL SURVIVE!
dialog: As long as I know how to love,
dialog: I know I'll simply stay alive!"
text: In the crowd, we pass face after face -- smiling...
text: frowning... intrigued... confused... until we settle on a
text: man in the very last row.
dialog: Bob Zmuda.
text: Enjoying the show more than anyone.
speaker_heading: TONY CLIFTON (cont'd)
dialog: "I've got all my life to live
dialog: I've got all my life to give.
dialog: I will survive..."
dialog: (he hits his big
dialog: finish)
text: "I -- WILL -- SURVIVE!!!"
text: The music CRESCENDOS, and the song ENDS.
text: Zmuda grins and APPLAUDS proudly.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
