speaker_heading: MARRIAGE STORY
dialog: Written and Directed by Noah Baumbach
dialog: Black.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: What I love about Nicole...
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. MANHATTAN. DAY
text: Nicole, early 30's, appears out of the dark.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She makes people feel comfortable
dialog: about even embarrassing things.
text: We remain CLOSE on her face in shadow. She’s very still
dialog: and very serious.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She really listens when someone is
dialog: talking...
scene_heading: EXT. FLATBUSH AVENUE, PARK SLOPE, BROOKLYN. DAY
text: Her coming out of a subway. A young “funny” ASPCA
text: solicitor stops her.
speaker_heading: SOLICITOR
dialog: Hey, you look like you care about
dialog: animals?
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I do. --.sometimes she listens TOO
dialog: much, for too long-- She’s
dialog: a good citizen.
text: The kid launches into his pitch. She listens intently and
text: starts writing down her phone number.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She always knows the right thing
dialog: to do when it comes to difficult
dialog: family shit.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE'S APARTMENT. DAY
text: Charlie is sulking. A hand holds out a phone.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (0.S.)
dialog: Just call him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (0.S.) CHARLIE
dialog: Call him. No.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (with real empathy)
dialog: Call him.
text: He reluctantly grabs the phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I get stuck in my ways and she
dialog: knows when to push me and when to
dialog: leave me alone.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S APARTMENT. ANOTHER DAY
text: She cuts their son, (8 years old) Henry’s hair. We see
text: Charlie sweeping up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She cuts all our hair.
text: Cuts Charlie’s hair. We see the kid sweeping up.
text: Cuts her own in the mirror. Charlie and the kid play in
dialog: the background.
text: She sweeps up her own hair.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She’s always inexplicably brewing
text: a cup of tea that she doesn’t
dialog: drink.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE'S APARTMENT. SEVERAL DAYS
text: A kettle whistles.
text: STILL LIFES of mugs of tea on window sills, bookshelves,
text: Henry’s toy shelf, on the floor...
text: All the kitchen cabinets are open. Charlie closing
text: drawers, picking up shoes. Charlie hitting his head on the
text: corner of an open cabinet.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: And it’s not easy for her to put
dialog: away a sock, or close a cabinet,
dialog: or do a dish, but she tries for
dialog: me.
text: A framed PHOTO of Nicole, Sandra (her mom) and Cassie (her
text: sister) standing in the front lawn of a Hollywood home.
text: Nicole is pretending to step on the reclining dog.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Nicole grew up in LA around actors
dialog: and directors and movies and TV
dialog: and is very close to her mother,
text: Sandra, and, Cassie, her sister.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S APARTMENT. ANOTHER DAY
text: Charlie rips open a present. It’s a trumpet.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Nicole gives great presents. She
dialog: is a mother who plays -- really
dialog: plays -- she never steps off
dialog: playing or says it’s too much (and
dialog: it must be too much some of the
dialog: time).
scene_heading: EXT. PROSPECT PARK, BROOKLYN. DAY
text: She and Henry play in the park with Star Wars figures. The
text: kid makes high pitched sounds for the fights.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Arrrh, waaa, urgh...
speaker_heading: NICOLE HENRY
dialog: Arrgh-- No, he’s dead.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: My guy is dead?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: He’s dead but you can use this
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: (taking that guy) She’s competitive.
dialog: Arrrhhggg--
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S APARTMENT. ANOTHER DAY
text: Nicole, Charlie and Henry are playing Monopoly.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Goddammit! I was just IN jail!
text: Henry and Charlie look at each other and laugh.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Do NOT laugh at me. I’m serious.
dialog: Do NOT LAUGH AT ME!
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S ROOM. ANOTHER NIGHT
text: Nicole is reading to Henry in bed. She’s falling asleep
text: while reading, but still managing to read.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She’s a great dancer. Infectious.
dialog: She makes me wish I could dance.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. NIGHT
text: Nicole putting on a song and getting people to dance at a
dialog: cast party.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She always says when she doesn’t
dialog: know something or hasn’t read a
dialog: book or seen a film or a play
dialog: (whereas I fake it or say
dialog: something like, “I haven’t seen it
dialog: in a while.”) She keeps the
dialog: fridge over-full. No one is ever
dialog: hungry in our house. She can
dialog: drive a stick.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S KITCHEN. ANOTHER DAY
text: Charlie’s trying to open a jar of pickles. He struggles.
text: He knocks it on a table. Grabs a dish towel and tries it
dialog: that way. No luck.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She’s amazing at opening jars
dialog: because of her strong arms, which
dialog: I’ve always found very sexy.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S APARTMENT. ANOTHER DAY
text: On TV, a younger Nicole (acting in a movie) is part of a
text: raucous college party.
scene_heading: NICOLE IN THE MOVIE
dialog: You might as well get what you
dialog: paid for!
text: She grabs her shirt and lifts it-- We PAUSE mid-lift
text: before it comes off.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She’s brave. After that movie,
dialog: All Over The Girl, she could have
dialog: stayed in LA and been a movie
dialog: star, but she gave that up to do
dialog: theater with me in New York.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. DAY
text: We're back to the first image of her face in half-shadow.
text: Suddenly she walks forward and into a spotlight.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: My crazy ideas are her favorite
dialog: things to figure out how to
dialog: execute.
text: She walks across the floor and climbs (scales like a rock-
text: face) the body of a male actor.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Try it crawling but also standing.
text: We see that she’s on a stage, rehearsing for a play.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She’s my favorite actress.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. SAME DAY
text: CLOSE on Charlie, early 30’s, in deep thought. A warm
text: yellow glow on his face.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: What I love about Charlie...
text: Charlie is undaunted. He never
dialog: lets other people’s opinions or
dialog: any set-backs keep him from what
dialog: he wants to do.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZERIA, PARK SLOPE, BROOKLYN. DAY
text: Charlie eats sloppily with Henry at a pizza place. He
text: suddenly stands up and walks around to Henry’s side. He
text: asks Henry to raise his arms. He lifts Henry’s sweater up
text: over his arms and turns it around to face the right way.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
text: Charlie eats like he’s trying to
dialog: get it over with and like there
dialog: won’t be enough food for everyone.
dialog: A sandwich is to be strangled
text: while devoured. But he’s
dialog: incredibly neat and I rely on him
dialog: to keep things in order.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S APARTMENT. LATE DAY
text: Nicole is reading in a room. All the lights go out. She
text: looks up. Charlie is at the switch.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
text: He’s energy conscious.
text: He turns them back on.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
text: He doesn’t look in the mirror too
text: often. He cries easily in movies.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER. DAY
text: He and Henry exit a movie theater. Both of them are
dialog: crying.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I cried four times.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Me too. I wonder if it was the
dialog: same four.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O)
dialog: He is very self-sufficient -- he
dialog: can darn a sock and cook himself
text: dinner and iron a shirt.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S KITCHEN. EVE
text: He’s cooking - it’s elaborate. There are a lot of pots, a
text: lot of steam. Henry is “helping.”
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (holding up a knife)
dialog: The peppers are cut!
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: He rarely gets defeated (which I
dialog: feel like I always do).
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S APARTMENT. ANOTHER DAY
text: Nicole is raging about something.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: Charlie takes all of my moods
text: steadily, he doesn’t give in to
dialog: them or make me feel bad about
dialog: them. He’s a great dresser, he
dialog: never looks embarrassing which is
dialog: hard for a man.
scene_heading: INT. TENNIS BUBBLE. DAY
text: Charlie is serving in a tennis game.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: He’s very competitive.
dialog: He double faults.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Goddammit Charlie! Get it
dialog: together.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT
text: Henry walks into their bedroom and taps Charlie on the
text: shoulder until he wakes up.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I had a bad dream.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: He loves being a dad, he loves all
dialog: the things you’re supposed to
dialog: hate, like the tantrums, the
text: waking up at night.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S ROOM. SAME
text: He puts Henry back to sleep. Henry doesn’t want to sleep.
text: They compromise with Charlie sleeping on the floor. Then
text: Henry climbing down and sleeping with him on the floor.
text: Then Charlie slipping out and getting into the bed. Then
text: the kid getting into the bed with him.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: It’s almost annoying how much he
dialog: likes it, but then it’s mostly
dialog: nice.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY/PLATFORM. DAY
text: He and Henry reading on the subway. The doors close. The
text: train lurches forward. Charlie looks up suddenly.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
text: He disappears into his own world.
dialog: He and Henry are alike in that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What’s “shit?”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That was our stop!
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT. NIGHT
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: He can tell people they have food
text: in their teeth or on their face in
dialog: a way that doesn’t make them feel
dialog: bad.
text: Nicole, from across a table picks something from between
text: her teeth, she looks back up at Charlie who is off-camera,
text: and smiles. It’s still there. She starts digging for it
dialog: again.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER OFFICE. DAY
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: Charlie is self-made -- his
dialog: parents -- I only met them once --
dialog: but he told me there was a lot of
dialog: alcohol and some violence in his
dialog: childhood.
text: Henry plays on the floor. Charlie leads a meeting with his
text: set decorator and Nicole and the stage manager around a big
text: table. They reference a model of the stage set.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: He moved to New York from Indiana
dialog: with no safety net and now he’s
dialog: more a New Yorker than any New
dialog: Yorker.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. ANOTHER DAY
text: Charlie is passing out coffees to all the actors and crew
text: members of their theater at the beginning of a rehearsal.
dialog: He’s gotten everyone’s drink right, and bought them all
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: He’s brilliant at creating family
text: out of whoever is around.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: I made sure they used the With the theatre company he
dialog: right almond milk-- cast a spell that made
dialog: everyone feel included. No
dialog: one, not even an intern was
dialog: unimportant. He could
dialog: remember all the inside
dialog: jokes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (handing an intern a
dialog: coffee)
dialog: And where do YOU go when it’s
dialog: windy?!
speaker_heading: YOUNG INTERN
dialog: (laughing, flattered,
dialog: remembering)
dialog: Oh yeah, that was funny!
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. PREVIOUS DAY
text: We RETURN to the close-up of Charlie. He sits in the back
text: of an empty theater taking notes, the small yellow reading
text: light illuminating his face. He watches Nicole, in
text: rehearsal, climb up onto the actor as she did earlier.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let’s stop there.
text: Nicole, up almost atop the actor’s head, turns to him with
text: a look that asks, “Was that OK?” Charlie nods.
scene_heading: INT. MEDIATOR’S OFFICE. DAY
text: CLOSE on a sheet of paper: We can see written everything we
dialog: just heard.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Who wants to start?
text: Nicole, no make-up, in a baggy sweatshirt and jeans, sits
text: in a chair, not saying a word, staring at a piece of paper
text: in her lap.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I’m not going to read this out
dialog: loud.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Why is that?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I don’t like what I wrote.
dialog: 10.
text: We see now that she and Charlie are sitting in two adjacent
text: chairs in an office on the Upper West Side. A male
text: mediator, 50's, in a sweater vest wearing too many rings,
text: tightly cross-legged, facing them.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR
dialog: As we mediate your separation and
dialog: eventual divorce, things can
dialog: become quite contentious, so I
dialog: like to begin with a note of
dialog: positivity. For the people I work
dialog: with to remember why they got
dialog: married in the first place. And
dialog: so, that as you come apart, you’re
dialog: reminded that this is a person you
dialog: had great feeling for and maybe
dialog: still do in many ways--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (holding up his phone)
dialog: I‘1l read mine. I like what I
dialog: wrote.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR
dialog: For it to really work, you both
dialog: have to read--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (folding up her paper)
dialog: I’m not going to.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR CHARLIE
dialog: OK-- She always says I can’t
dialog: write. But I think mine is
dialog: pretty good.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR
dialog: Nicole, maybe you'll change your
dialog: mind once you hear Charlie's.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (looking at him now)
dialog: I don’t want to hear Charlie’s.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We promised to listen.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR
dialog: That’s right, that’s the very
dialog: first step in this process.
text: Nicole stands up, suddenly furious.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, I think I’1l go if you two
dialog: are just going to sit around and
dialog: suck each other’s dicks!
text: A hubbub of protests then:
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. NIGHT
text: Audience members watch, rapt. Nicole is on-stage in a red
text: dress. A black and white video of her face projected on
text: either side of her. On stage, she delivers her lines in an
text: almost life-less way while the video Nicole is very
text: animated and emotional.
text: Charlie sits in the back of the theatre--she can’t see his
text: face, but she knows where he is.
text: She continues speaking, looking into the audience when
text: several bodies approach her, turn her to her side and carry
text: her off like a stiff rolled-up rug.
text: Charlie sees her looking and is sad and disturbed and stops
text: writing his notes for a moment.
text: Behind her, a portal opens up, the stage is awash in red
text: light and the company members carry her through the door.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT. NIGHT
text: Closing night party. The whole company is there
text: celebrating, this is clearly their spot. There’s a piano,
text: and names are pulled from a bowl and people take turns
text: singing. Investors mingle as well, notable for the
text: disobedient air of people who shouldn’t be “downtown.”
dialog: A woman, 30’s, Mary Ann, also the stage manager (we saw her
text: earlier in rehearsals), sits in a booth with the costume
text: designer, Donna, 40’s. She looks over at Charlie ina
text: booth in the corner, surrounded by members of the troupe.
text: He works on a beer and makes more notes in a book.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Do you think I can go over there
dialog: now?
text: Donna, turns and we SWING OVER to: Nicole, on the other
text: side of the room at a table flanked by other members of the
dialog: cast and crew.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: 12.
text: On Charlie’s end of the room, Frank, an older actor,
text: carries on with Terry, a younger one.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: ...Charlie gave me the note - but
dialog: it’s really for you: he told me to
dialog: pick up my cues.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: How is that for me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Acting is reacting - I’m
dialog: responding to you and you’re
text: slowing ME down.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 3
dialog: ..-hey, hello, Frank - it’s
dialog: closing night, you know, we’re
dialog: done?!
scene_heading: LIGHTING TECH TERRY
dialog: ...first, no, we're moving (also doing HANDS!)
dialog: to To The BroadWAY!
dialog: (doing some HANDS!)
speaker_heading: The BroadWAY-
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The Main Stem.
text: They all cheers and laugh.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 2 FRANK
dialog: ..-but we’ll have to restage .-..it’s still a good note...
dialog: it anyway!
speaker_heading: ACTOR 1
dialog: .».-and you know Charlie, it’s
dialog: never done, he never finishes.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 3
dialog: We NEVER FINISH!
speaker_heading: ACTOR 2
dialog: Love you, Charlie.
text: They all laugh, but they’re excited, it’s big. Charlie,
text: still looking at his notes, reaches out and pats the
text: actor’s leg affectionately. Terry, gets up--
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I need a cigarette.
dialog: 13.
text: --and makes his way across the room passing other company
text: members and snippets of conversation.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (dramatically)
dialog: ...that’s why it seems wrong to
dialog: take over for Nicole - the role is
dialog: hers! And what if her pilot
dialog: doesn’t go, she’ll come back from
dialog: LA and want the part back, right?
speaker_heading: ACTOR 3 BETH
dialog: No, she’s done with it. Something like 100 percent
dialog: of pilots don’t get picked
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 4
dialog: It can’t be 100 percent. There
dialog: would never be any shows.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 5 BETH
dialog: No, but statistically, it’s You don’t think Charlie and
dialog: true. The probability is Nicole will ever get back
dialog: zero. It’s one of those together?
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 3
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: No, this time it’s really over.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Still feels weird...
speaker_heading: ACTOR 9 ACTOR 7
dialog: ..-I feel like MY parents It’s always been “Charlie
dialog: are splitting up. and Nicole.” It just
dialog: doesn’t sound right any
dialog: other way.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 3
dialog: Poor Henry.
text: Terry passes Mary Ann and Donna who still watch Charlie.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (re: Charlie)
dialog: How about now?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I'd wait, honey.
text: Terry arrives at the booth at the other end of the room
text: where Nicole and her group are camped together.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ACTOR
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: He still giving notes?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: SET DESIGNER
dialog: (to Nicole)
dialog: You’re lucky, Nic, I wish I was
dialog: going to LA. You can have space
dialog: in LA. There’s no SPACE here.
text: Nicole looks across the restaurant and catches Charlie’s
text: eye. He mouths “hi” and she nods. Is it nice?
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (growing more impatient)
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Don’t do it.
text: Frank stands and makes a toast to Charlie and Nicole and
dialog: the move to Broadway ("The Main Stem”) and how much they’11
text: miss Nicole and then makes it about him returning to
text: Broadway with the young turks. In 1968, he was the young
dialog: turk.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Winning your first Tony at 27--
dialog: which I did--messes with your
dialog: head. I was just a baby! Elia
dialog: Kazan came backstage on opening
text: night elbowing Mike Nichols into a
dialog: corner. Mike, who I later turned
dialog: down twice, a big regret of
dialog: mine...
text: During the speech, Mary Ann, the stage manager, suddenly
text: rises (we can see Donna making protestations) and makes her
text: approach to Charlie’s corner, whispering something in his
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: I wanted to make sure that I have
dialog: all your notes down so I can
dialog: compile them into the master list
dialog: for when we move into the new
dialog: theater...
text: Nicole, clocking this, abruptly stands. Charlie sees her
dialog: rise and does the same.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. Q TRAIN SUBWAY
text: Riding home across the Manhattan Bridge. Nicole sits on
text: the mostly empty bench gazing out the window.
text: Although there are available seats, Charlie stands and
text: leans against the doors.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE’S APARTMENT. NIGHT
text: She and Charlie enter and relieve a young babysitter who
text: for some reason is buttoning her pants up and looks a
dialog: little ashamed.
speaker_heading: BABYSITTER
dialog: Oh hey, I didn’t expect you guys
dialog: until late.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: How’s he doing?
speaker_heading: BABYSITTER
dialog: Good, good. He went to bed on
dialog: time, no fuss. I read him some of
text: Cricket in Times Square...
dialog: (takes them in)
dialog: God, you guys are so attractive.
dialog: (hand to mouth)
dialog: Shit, sorry. I didn’t stop that
dialog: from being said.
text: Nicole goes back and checks on Henry--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.) BABYSITTER (0.S.)
dialog: Ha! No it’s okay. I’1l pay Hey, thanks! And also the
dialog: you for the whole time, we travel time to Greenpoint--
dialog: decided to come home early.
text: She stumbles on something. It’s his little suitcase, open
text: on the floor--toys crammed into it. He’s sleeping soundly,
text: all twisted up in his superhero sheets. He uses a well-
text: worn white bear as a pillow. She fixes his sheets.
text: The Babysitter is gone and Charlie is setting up the couch
text: as his bed. He surveys the room while he reflexively
text: fiddles with a small X-Acto knife on his key chain. We CUT
text: QUICKLY between objects (the clicking sound of the knife as
text: a soundtrack): Books, a chair, table, lamp, a TV which
text: turns on, painting, photos... Objects from their life
text: together. (Mugs of tea rest beside some of these objects.)
text: A book on a table.
dialog: 16.
text: Nicole retrieves the book and heads back to the bedroom.
text: Charlie’s voice stops her:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s not always going to be like
dialog: this, it’s going to get better.
text: Nicole nods.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If you don’t like that mediator,
dialog: we'll find another one--
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah... We might not need a
dialog: mediator, we'll just split
dialog: everything anyway, I don’t
dialog: care--
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: Me neither-- You can have most of it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: We'll get apartments near Right.
dialog: each other, make it easier
dialog: for Henry--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We'll figure it out. We want the
dialog: same things.
text: Nicole meets Charlie’s eye. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: In the meantime, the pilot will be
dialog: fun for you.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You don’t think it’s bad, do you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I don’t ever watch TV so, you
dialog: know, I can’t tell...
text: Nicole glances over at the TV which is on.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I told Henry I’11l come out to LA
dialog: in two weeks to see him.
dialog: 17.
text: Nicole nods. Charlie looks down at his notebook. Looks
text: back up at Nicole.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nothing.
text: Nicole turns, and then turns back.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I can tell you want to give me a
dialog: note.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, I don’t... Yeah, I mean, yes I
dialog: do. But I guess, I guess it
dialog: doesn’t matter now. You won’t be
dialog: with the show anymore. It’s
dialog: stupid.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (knowing him well)
dialog: You’re not going to be able to go
dialog: to sleep until you tell me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe not.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Okay then.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, yes, okay, but just because
dialog: saying it out loud might help me
dialog: remember it for later.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: (reading) --okay--
dialog: So - there were two things -
dialog: I thought your posture at
dialog: the top of scene seven was
dialog: still too dignified...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: --and then at the end, I could
dialog: tell that you were pushing for the
dialog: emotion--
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: --you know I can’t cry on stage
dialog: and I know you don’t like when I
dialog: fake it, but I thought maybe it
dialog: would come tonight. But it
dialog: didn’t...
text: He flips through the notebook. Silence.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s all I had. Thanks for
dialog: indulging me.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Goodnight Charlie.
text: She starts crying as soon as she turns away from him. We
text: MOVE with her as she cries through the apartment to their
text: bedroom. She trips briefly on one of her suitcases also
text: lying on the floor open and half-packed. She removes her
text: shoes, but not her clothes, and gets into bed, crying.
dialog: Fade to Black.
text: A curtain flies open revealing a rich blue sky and swaying
text: palm trees. The light is painfully bright. We hear a
text: female voice lightly singing:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: “This is the day, this is the
dialog: day...”
scene_heading: INT. NICOLE’S CHILDHOOD BEDROOM, LOS ANGELES. MORNING
text: Nicole opens her eyes which are crusted with mascara and
text: tears. Her mother, Sandra, 60’s, violently opens the
text: curtains, loudly closes drawers and doors.
dialog: We're in LA.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (singing)
dialog: “That the Lord has made, that the
dialog: Lord has made...”
text: Nicole rolls over. Henry, yawning, lies next to her in the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (singing)
dialog: “Let us rejoice, let us rejoice.
dialog: And be glad in it and be glad in
dialog: it...”
dialog: 19.
text: This is her childhood bedroom in her mom’s house. There
dialog: are old magazines (Cosmo, Seventeen, Teen Vogue, Maxim)
text: with photos of Nicole. An MTV Best Kiss award. There is
text: “Teenage Nicole” and “Adult Nicole” all mashed up together,
text: and both Nicole’s are messy.
text: Nicole presses her face into the pillow.
speaker_heading: NICOLE HENRY
dialog: Mom... (tired)
dialog: G-ma summer is for relaxing.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: You can’t make home too nice,
dialog: otherwise your children will never
dialog: leave--
text: Nicole whispers to Henry.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: What do you want to do today?
speaker_heading: HENRY NICOLE
dialog: Hang out and relax with you. (nuzzling him)
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (listening in)
dialog: No relaxing! Nicole has a hair
dialog: and make-up test and Henry, we got
dialog: you into Fairy Camp with the
dialog: cousins.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I hate Fairy Camp.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Cassie says everyone likes Fairy
dialog: Camp and I think this is true.
text: Sandra kisses Henry on the head.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Henry, go make your mom some
dialog: coffee like I taught you--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Mom, wait till you taste my
dialog: coffee.
text: Henry walks off, hair sticking up. Sandra fluffs the
text: pillows, retrieving Henry’s white bear.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Do you always sleep together?
dialog: Even in New York?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: It’s just for now, while we go
dialog: through this transition. Shit,
dialog: don’t tell Charlie when he gets
dialog: here -- he hates co-sleeping.
text: Nicole climbs out of bed. Her pillow is stained with black
dialog: eye make-up.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Well, I have to say, I agree with
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
text: Surprise, surprise.
text: Nicole walks toward the bathroom, Sandra behind her--
speaker_heading: SANDRA NICOLE
text: It’s as if you’ve exploded (looking at her phone)
dialog: into this room. Jesus, it’s early.
text: --and into the bathroom, her mother follows her inside.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I can do this part alone?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: That’s fine. I won’t look.
text: Sandra leans against the sink, Nicole shrugs and lets her -
dialog: how can she stop her now?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: As long as you’re in my house,
dialog: wake up is at 6:30 AM. And until
dialog: you know what you want to do,
dialog: we're going to do what I like to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I can’t just go from what Charlie
dialog: wanted to do to what you want to
dialog: do.
text: Nicole finishes, flushes and starts washing her hands.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Even though I’m sixty-four and
dialog: have a dead gay husband, I manage
dialog: to get up everyday and live my
dialog: life and feel pretty good about
dialog: myself so maybe your Mom knows a
dialog: thing or two.
text: Nicole heads out of the room and down the main staircase.
text: Her mom following her, of course.
speaker_heading: SANDRA NICOLE
dialog: You know what I would do? (no idea)
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: When Charlie gets here, I would
dialog: whisk him off to Palm Springs?
dialog: That’s what your father and I did
dialog: whenever we hit a speed bump--
speaker_heading: NICOLE SANDRA
dialog: Didn’t you walk in on Dad And I always regretted
text: blowing the porter in Palm getting so upset about it.
dialog: Springs?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Charlie and I are getting a
dialog: divorce, Mom. There’s nothing for
dialog: us in Palm Springs.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (suddenly angry)
dialog: YOU NEED TO WASH YOUR FACE BEFORE
dialog: YOU GO TO SLEEP.
text: They both enter the kitchen. Henry has made a giant mess
text: with the coffee, and he’s trying to press down on a French
text: Press coffee maker.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: When Daddy gets here maybe we can
dialog: all go on the Jaws ride--
speaker_heading: NICOLE HENRY
dialog: Yeah-- (accommodating)
dialog: Or I can go once with you
dialog: and once with Daddy because
dialog: I wouldn’t mind going twice
dialog: anyway--
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: SANDRA NICOLE
dialog: (to Henry) No, we'll all go together,
dialog: Did you know Universal sweetheart.
dialog: Studios is where I did my
dialog: first screen test--
text: Henry presents his mom a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: On the plane, I re-read the pilot
dialog: as if I were Charlie reading it
dialog: and I started to think it’s just
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: My agent says it’s “one to watch.”
text: She sips her coffee.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: This coffee IS good. Thank you.
dialog: (to Sandra)
dialog: What if Charlie’s on Broadway with
dialog: the play I brought him--which I
dialog: originated and I’m just doing bad
dialog: TV.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: It doesn’t matter. Everyone is
text: only impressed when they see
text: someone on TV.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. TV STUDIO. DAY
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: She’s beautiful.
text: Nicole is standing in front of a camera in a
text: hair/makeup/wardrobe test. She’s barefoot in a nightgown
text: with some kind of red mask being applied to her face. We
text: hear voices (that she can’t) murmuring near the monitor.
text: Nicole holds what looks like a blue, foam football and
text: stares combatively at the camera. Hands enter frame,
text: adjusting her hair, swapping out the masks.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (0.S.)
dialog: Where’s she been for the past ten
dialog: years?
scene_heading: MALE PRODUCER (0.S.) FEMALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: Doing weird theater in New She looks great.
dialog: York.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Can I say something?
text: No one answers. We hear bits of side-conversations about a
dialog: book club book they’re all reading.
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: Downtown shit. I saw one. It
text: rained on stage.
speaker_heading: DP (0.S.) MALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: Plays make me uncomfortable. It was good. Edgy.
text: Directed by her husband.
text: Supposedly very controlling.
speaker_heading: DP (0.S.) FEMALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: The live aspect-- We’re lucky to have her.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (0.S.) FEMALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: I’m surprised she said yes. We can thank her divorce.
speaker_heading: EFFECTS GUY (0.S.)
dialog: Can she move her hand? It’s going
dialog: to be hard to roto the hair in on
text: the baby around her fingers--
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: (aloud to Nicole)
dialog: Can you move your hand further
dialog: down the baby?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: What do you mean? Like down here?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (0.S.) NICOLE
dialog: Off his head entirely-- I’d need to support his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (0.S.)
dialog: No, no, support the head, of
dialog: course, just try to do it from the
dialog: shoulders?
text: She hesitantly slides her hand down the blue football.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (0.S.)
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I can’t hold a baby like this.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: She’s right, that’s going to
dialog: look weird.
text: A handsome, bearded and tatted
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: EFFECTS GUY (0.S.)
dialog: Just so you know, we can
dialog: TOTALLY do it, it’s just
dialog: going to take time and money
dialog: and mean less hair.
dialog: grip, 30's, Pablo, enters
text: frame with a white bounce board, holding it up to her.
speaker_heading: GRIP
dialog: So we can see your pretty face.
dialog: And not ours.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Ha. You should have
dialog: seen me
dialog: before the plants invaded.
speaker_heading: GRIP
dialog: I say that with respect. I
dialog: was raised by two mothers.
speaker_heading: DP (0.S.)
dialog: (not amused)
dialog: Can you lower the board
dialog: please, Pablo?
text: The grip lowers the bounce board then raises it directly in
text: front of Nicole’s face, then lowers it, being cute.
speaker_heading: GRIP
dialog: Here? How
text: Nicole smiles. A hand removes
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: GRIP
dialog: How about now?
text: Pablo finally places the board
speaker_heading: GRIP
dialog: (to the DP off-camera)
dialog: That better, boss?
text: Someone walks through the shot
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Can I say something?
dialog: ‘bout here?
dialog: her mask and applies
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: Why is there always a flirty
dialog: grip.
text: in the proper position.
speaker_heading: MAKE-UP ARTIST (0.S.)
dialog: I can do ANYTHING you want,
dialog: but we’ll need to have her
dialog: two hours before call every
dialog: day we work with the plants--
text: carrying an enormous plant
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: Hold on.
dialog: (to Nicole)
dialog: What honey?
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: She has to know how to hold a
text: baby. Later after she kills
dialog: Donny, she becomes this sort of
dialog: earth mother for the plant
dialog: community and that won’t make
dialog: sense if we think she’s a bad
text: mother to her own kid.
scene_heading: MAKE-UP ARTIST (0.S.) DIRECTOR (0.S.)
dialog: She kills Donny? That’s a secret. We didn’t
dialog: give the crew those pages.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You don’t want her to appear
dialog: unsympathetic this early in the
dialog: show, do you?
scene_heading: MAKE-UP ARTIST (0.S.) FEMALE PRODUCER (0.S.)
dialog: Does Donny know? She’s right.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Also, why does she kill Donny
dialog: anyway?
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SOUNDSTAGE. LATER
text: Nicole marches across the soundstage, still in the
text: nightgown, now wearing Uggs, followed by the male (Dennis)
text: and female (Carol) producers, both 50’s. He wears all
text: denim. She’s in fitted jeans, and a white blazer. There’s
text: also a cadre of hair and make-up and wardrobe people.
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER
dialog: Must be nice to get out of New
dialog: York. Our daughter, Mia is at NYU
dialog: living in a shoe box--
scene_heading: NICOLE MALE PRODUCER
dialog: Well, I’m from out here-- She's says it went up toa
dialog: hundred and four the other
dialog: day--
scene_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER NICOLE
dialog: We're just so excited to (nods )
dialog: have you. I’m excited to be here --
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER
dialog: We're going for an early aughts
dialog: aesthetic — so having your
dialog: presence nails that.
scene_heading: MAKE-UP ARTIST
dialog: What signifies early aughts?
dialog: 26.
text: They go outside, the bright LA light hitting their eyes.
text: Everyone puts on sunglasses.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: Into The Girl was on TV--
scene_heading: NICOLE FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: (correcting her) --or streaming or something
dialog: All Over-- and you are fucking HOT in
dialog: that movie.
scene_heading: MALE PRODUCER FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: Carol-- Fuck it, I speak my mind!
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER
dialog: We're not allowing our son to see
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: Because you show your tits.
scene_heading: MALE PRODUCER NICOLE
dialog: Carol-- Yeah.
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER
dialog: This is Carter Mitchum, he’s a
dialog: futurist at UCLA who’s consulting
dialog: on all the environmental stuff for
dialog: the show.
text: Carter, 30’s, has been politely following behind. He
text: reaches forward to shake her hand.
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER
dialog: You know, so it’s accurate.
speaker_heading: CARTER NICOLE
dialog: Nice to meet you. So, is it?
speaker_heading: CARTER NICOLE
dialog: What? Accurate?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: So far none of it.
text: Nicole laughs. She’s handed another nightgown by the
dialog: wardrobe assistant. “For when you’re on the mother ship.”
speaker_heading: MALE PRODUCER
dialog: This pilot WILL go. Get ready to
dialog: move back to LA!
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: And listen: everything you were
dialog: saying back there was absolutely
dialog: right--
scene_heading: MALE PRODUCER FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: Except no one knows we’re If she’s a bad mom, we'll
dialog: killing Donny. Including lose the audience.
dialog: Donny.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh...good, you know, I just
dialog: thought-
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: Let us know if you’d like to be
dialog: part of our writer’s room -- I bet
dialog: you'd be really helpful.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (surprises herself even)
dialog: Or I could direct? Sorry, maybe
dialog: that sounds crazy.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: No, yeah... Do you have a reel?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: No, because I’ve never done it. I
dialog: mean, I watched my husband do it
dialog: for years...
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Almost ex-husband? What’s the
dialog: opposite of fiance?
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: (taking her in)
dialog: We'll talk to your agents about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: At our theater, I always wanted to
dialog: direct and Charlie would say
dialog: something like “The next one!”
dialog: But he was always the director and
dialog: there never was a next one.
dialog: (contradicting herself)
dialog: But I don’t know, maybe there
dialog: would have been if we stayed
dialog: married. You know, I don’t know.
text: Nicole turns away, embarrassed. The Female Producer has
text: been watching her, while the Male Producer is just texting
text: like a motherfucker.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. NICOLE’S TRAILER
text: Nicole enters the cramped space and realizes the Female
text: Producer is right behind her. Nicole tries to busy
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: (takes out her phone)
dialog: I’m going to give you a number.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh...OK. Is it a therapist? I
dialog: have a therapist. Well, she’s my
dialog: mom’s therapist. We share her.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: She’s a lawyer, she represented me
dialog: when I left Dennis.
scene_heading: NICOLE FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: (re: the male producer) Since 2013.
dialog: You and Dennis are divorced?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: And you still work together?
dialog: That’s nice.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: Oh, no, he’s a fucking cocksucker.
dialog: Nora got me half of this project
dialog: in the settlement.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: We talked about doing it without
dialog: lawyers.
scene_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER NICOLE
dialog: You think that, but you My sister made me meet a
dialog: won't... bunch of them already, I
dialog: just HATED them.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PRODUCER
dialog: (with certitude)
dialog: Call Nora. She saved my life.
speaker_heading: NORA (V.O.)
dialog: I’m sorry I look so schleppy.
scene_heading: INT. NORA FANSHAW’S OFFICE. DAY
dialog: Nora Fanshaw, 40's, looks amazing and elegant. Today she
text: is in tight designer jeans, a YSL blazer, red pumps and
dialog: full make-up.
dialog: 29.
text: Nicole, in old jeans and a button-down, sits on a
text: comfortable, stylish couch, a Moroccan rug on the floor--in
text: an office that looks like a suite at a W Hotel. A
text: sheepskin throw, fresh flowers on the coffee table.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I had an event at my kid’s school.
text: Nicole grows suddenly self-conscious about what she’s
dialog: wearing.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Let me get this out of the way, I
dialog: think you’re a wonderful actress.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I loved All Over The Girl but the
dialog: theater stuff too.
speaker_heading: NICOLE NORA
dialog: (can’t help but be I saw Electra.
dialog: pleased)
dialog: You’ve seen the theater
dialog: stuff?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I was in New York last year for my
dialog: book -- which, remind me to give
dialog: you a copy -- and my publisher
dialog: took me.
speaker_heading: NICOLE NORA
dialog: Oh...great. Thank you. Fantastic. You’re awesome.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (almost apologetically)
dialog: Charlie directed it.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I know. He’s very talented.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: He is. They’re moving it to
dialog: Broadway. Without me of course.
speaker_heading: NORA NICOLE
dialog: He was lucky to have you. While I’m making a show
dialog: about a plant invasion.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (really asking the
dialog: question)
dialog: How are you doing?
dialog: Having been asked that question at that moment in that way,
text: does something to her. Tears run down Nicole’s cheeks.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oh, honey.
text: Nora kicks off her shoes and tucks them under her feet.
text: She rises, grabs a box of tissues and curls up next to
text: Nicole on the couch.
text: Nicole takes a tissue and she and Nora meet eyes. It feels
dialog: intimate and safe.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You take some breaths. And while
dialog: you do, I’m going to tell you
dialog: about myself.
text: She texts something to someone and then very deliberately
text: puts her phone down on the table. Nora puts her hand on
text: Nicole’s leg. She talks to her like a good girlfriend.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: If you should choose to hire me, I
dialog: will work tirelessly for you and
dialog: am always available by phone or
dialog: text, EXCEPT when I’m with my
dialog: kids. I insist on doing drop-off
dialog: and pick-up at school every day.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (likes this)
dialog: Oh, I understand.
text: An assistant enters with a tray that has green tea and
text: cookies. Nicole starts eating the cookies, Nora does not.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I’ve been through this myself so I
dialog: know how it feels.
speaker_heading: NICOLE NORA
dialog: (hopeful) Yes. I have a kid from my
dialog: You do? ex who was a narcissistic
text: artist and verbally abusive.
dialog: I’m now with a great
dialog: boyfriend, who lives in
dialog: Malibu.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh, good.
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: But Charlie’s not terrible.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No, of course not, but they ravish
dialog: you with attention in the
dialog: beginning and then once we have
dialog: babies, we become the mom and they
dialog: get sick of us.
text: Nicole nods.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Where do you want live now, doll?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (takes a breath)
dialog: Well, I’m here now, obviously, and
dialog: I don’t know if this show will be
dialog: picked up, but... it feels like
dialog: home... it is home. It’s the only
dialog: home I’ve known without Charlie.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You want to stay here.
text: Nicole likes hearing this affirmation, but then hesitates.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Charlie won’t want to do that. He
dialog: hates LA.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: We're interested in what YOU want
dialog: to do. Sounds to me like you did
dialog: your time in New York. He can do
dialog: some time here, no?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (nods )
dialog: He always said we would, but we
dialog: never did.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: How old is your son?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Henry is eight. He likes LA, but
dialog: I don’t know if it’s fair to
dialog: him...
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It sounds like a wonderful
dialog: childhood to me: the first half
dialog: New York and the second half in
dialog: LA.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: The second half...
dialog: Nicole processes this.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I want you to listen to me, what
dialog: you’re doing is an act of HOPE.
dialog: Do you understand that?
speaker_heading: NICOLE NORA
dialog: (suddenly meaning it) You're saying, I want
dialog: Yes. something better for myself.
speaker_heading: NICOLE NORA
dialog: I do. And this, right now, is the
dialog: worst time. It will only
dialog: get better. Wasn’t it Tom
dialog: Petty who said the waiting
dialog: is the hardest part?
speaker_heading: NICOLE NORA
dialog: I don’t know. I represented his wife in
dialog: their divorce, I got her
dialog: half of that song.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh, I don’t want money or
dialog: anything, he doesn’t have money
dialog: anyway, he puts it all back into
dialog: the theater-- I used to think he
dialog: gave TOO much away. I just want
dialog: it to be over.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Of course you do. But we can do
dialog: both.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I just worry... You know we
dialog: weren't going to even use lawyers
dialog: so...I don’t want to be too
dialog: aggressive. I’d like to stay
dialog: friends.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Don’t worry, we’ll do it as gently
dialog: as possible.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now, can you tell me a little bit
dialog: more about what’s going on?
dialog: Because part of what we’re going
dialog: to do together is tell your STORY.
text: Nicole wipes her eyes for the millionth time. She stands
text: and grabs a tissue from the table. She takes a deep
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: It’s difficult to articulate.
dialog: Sorry. It’s like I know why I’m
dialog: doing this but I don’t know too.
dialog: It’s not as simple as not being in
dialog: love anymore.
speaker_heading: NORA (0.S.)
dialog: I understand. Why don’t you start
dialog: at the beginning, wherever that is
dialog: for you.
text: And Nicole begins. As she talks she finds her voice and
text: gains momentum and she starts to feel better, the tears
text: start to dry up and she becomes more powerful, more
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, I was engaged to Ben, you
dialog: know, and living in LA and I felt
dialog: like “Yes, I want to make movies
dialog: and marry Ben” - Jesus I was only
dialog: nineteen or twenty, I’ve never
dialog: felt older in my whole life - But
dialog: if I was honest with myself, there
dialog: was a small part of me that felt
dialog: dead, or dead-ish, but you tell
dialog: yourself “no one is perfect, no
dialog: relationship is perfect.”
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Boy, this tea is delicious.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Isn’t it? It’s the Manuka honey.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Anyway, you were asking about
dialog: Charlie. So yes, so I was happy
dialog: with Ben, but aware of the
dialog: deadness.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (CONT'D)
dialog: And then I went to New York to
dialog: meet a director for a space movie,
dialog: but one where they take space
dialog: seriously. Sex trafficking in
dialog: space. It was political, or they
dialog: wanted us to think it was. It was
dialog: actually just fulfilling the same
dialog: need certain fucked up porn does.
dialog: Anyway, while I was there, the
dialog: producer invited me to a play. It
text: was in someone’s living room with
dialog: all the lights on and like nothing
dialog: I'd ever seen before. A strange,
dialog: surreal dystopian story. So well
dialog: acted and one of the actors was
dialog: this big shaggy bear who played
text: all his lines looking directly at
dialog: me which I knew couldn't be really
dialog: the case, but it felt that way,
dialog: and of course later I learned that
dialog: it was.
dialog: (also realizing)
dialog: The cookies are really great too.
speaker_heading: NORA (0.S.)
dialog: I‘’1l give you some to take home.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Afterwards, I was introduced to the
dialog: cast and this bear turned out to
dialog: also be the director. He didn’t
dialog: really know who I was - or he did,
dialog: or he figured it out later - and
dialog: that was it. He started talking to
dialog: me. And I talked back - and the
dialog: dead part wasn’t dead, it was just
dialog: in a coma. And it was better than
dialog: sex, the talking. Although the sex
dialog: was also like the talking...
dialog: everything is like everything ina
dialog: relationship, do you find that? ...
dialog: We spent the whole night and next
dialog: day together, and I just... never
dialog: left. And to be honest, all the
dialog: problems were there in the
dialog: beginning, too. I just went along
dialog: with him in his life because it
dialog: felt so damn good to feel myself
dialog: alive. In the beginning I was the
dialog: actress, the star, so that felt
dialog: like something. People came to see
dialog: me, at first.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (CONT'D)
dialog: But then the farther away I got
dialog: from that and the more the theatre
dialog: company got acclaim, I had less and
dialog: less weight. I became “Who?” “Oh
dialog: you remember, that actress who was
dialog: in that thing that time.” And he
dialog: was the draw. And that would have
dialog: been fine, but...I got smaller. I
dialog: realized that I didn’t really ever
dialog: come alive for myself, I was just
dialog: feeding his aliveness. He was so
dialog: smart and creative, it didn’t
dialog: matter. I would tell him things at
text: home, in private, and then they
dialog: would work their way into public
dialog: conversation, into his work and for
dialog: a while that felt like enough. I
dialog: was just so flattered that someone
dialog: like him would find an idea of mine
dialog: worth using or a comment of mine
dialog: worth repeating. And then I got
dialog: pregnant. And I thought “having a
dialog: baby will be ours, really ours, and
dialog: it will also really be mine” and he
dialog: was so excited. And it was nice for
dialog: a while. But kids... they belong to
dialog: themselves. Like the instant they
dialog: leave your body, it’s just a
dialog: process of going away from you. And
dialog: I didn’t belong to myself. It was
dialog: stupid stuff and big stuff-- All
dialog: of the furniture in our house was
dialog: his taste. I wasn’t even sure what
dialog: my taste was anymore because I'd
dialog: never been asked to use it. I
dialog: didn’t even pick our apartment, I
dialog: just moved into his. I made noises
dialog: about wanting to move back to LA,
dialog: but it came to nothing. We’d come
dialog: here on holidays because he liked
dialog: my family, but whenever I suggested
dialog: we do a year or something, he’d put
dialog: me off. It would be so weird if he
dialog: had turned to me and said “And what
dialog: do you want to do today?” I watched
dialog: that long documentary about George
dialog: Harrison and I thought “just own
dialog: it, own it like George Harrison's
dialog: wife. Being a wife and mother is
dialog: enough.” And then I realized I
dialog: couldn’t remember her name.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (CONT'D)
dialog: So this pilot came along, and it
dialog: shot in LA and it paid so much and
dialog: it was like there was a little life-
dialog: line thrown to me “Here is a bit of
dialog: earth that’s yours.” And I was
text: embarrassed about it in front of
dialog: him, but also, it felt like “this
dialog: is who I am, this is what I’m worth
dialog: and it’s stupid, but at least it’s
dialog: mine.” And if he had taken me in a
dialog: big hug and said “Baby, I’m so
dialog: excited for your adventure and of
dialog: course I want you to have your own
dialog: piece of earth” then we might not
dialog: be getting divorced. But he made
dialog: fun of it. And was jealous, like he
dialog: is. BUT then he realized about the
dialog: money and told me I could funnel it
dialog: back into the theatre company. And
dialog: that’s when I realized that he
dialog: truly didn’t see me. He didn’t see
dialog: me as something separate from him.
dialog: And I asked him to say my phone
dialog: number. And he didn’t know it. So I
dialog: left.
text: Nora wipes a ink-stained tear from Nicole’s cheek and hugs
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (realizing she forgot to
dialog: include)
dialog: I think Charlie also slept with
text: Mary Ann, the stage manager.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (fierce)
dialog: That fucking asshole.
scene_heading: INT. SANDRA’S HOUSE, LOS ANGELES. EVENING
text: Cassie husband, Sam and their kids, Jules and Molly, play
text: Monopoly with Henry in the den. Henry has trouble reading
text: the Chance card. Sam helps him with it.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You should buy everything.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: But I want to keep my money.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. SANDRA’S KITCHEN. SAME
text: CLOSE on a manilla envelope with Charlie’s name on it and
text: Nora’s firm’s address in the corner. Cassie, 30’s, Nicole
text: and Sandra are preparing. They’re all drinking wine and
dialog: drinking it too fast.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: So, Cassie, you’re going to hand
dialog: him the envelope--
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Why do I have to do it?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Because Nicole is very good at
dialog: getting people to do things for
dialog: her--
speaker_heading: NICOLE SANDRA
dialog: That’s not what this is-- I wiped her butt until she
dialog: was nine years old. She's
dialog: very seductive that way.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: No. Mom. Legally I can’t be the
text: one who serves him.
speaker_heading: SANDRA CASSIE
dialog: But still this is true what (nervous now)
dialog: I’m saying. Do I have to actually hand
dialog: him the envelope?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Yes, but I’m going to tell him in
dialog: advance that they’re divorce
dialog: papers. Nora says it doesn’t have
dialog: to be so formal.
dialog: (suddenly nervous)
dialog: Where’s Henry?
text: Nicole finishes what’s in her glass and pours herself more.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
text: He’s in the living room playing
text: with Jules and Molly.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Let’s get them upstairs. So, I’1l
dialog: tell Charlie what’s happening and
dialog: Cassie, you can then hand him the
dialog: envelope--
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CASSIE SANDRA
dialog: OK, I just get nervous-- (nervously)
dialog: Can you un-serve?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: What do you mean, like take it
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (getting anxious)
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: CASSIE SANDRA
dialog: You should check. In case we change our minds.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I’m not going to change my mind.
speaker_heading: CASSIE SANDRA
dialog: I know, but maybe just to Or we all just feel too bad
dialog: know in case I do something for him.
dialog: wrong--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Now you're both just making ME
dialog: feel bad about it, OK.
speaker_heading: CASSIE SANDRA
dialog: Sorry... Sorry. I’m We all are. And we LOVE
text: nervous. Charlie.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (with more power now)
dialog: You have to STOP loving him, Mom.
dialog: You can’t be his friend anymore.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Charlie and I have our own
dialog: relationship independent of your
dialog: marriage just like I’m friends
dialog: with Cassie’s ex, Jeff--
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (news to her)
dialog: Are you still seeing Jeff?!
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (shrugs)
text: An occasional lunch.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CASSIE SANDRA
dialog: I can’t believe you! He still wants his camera
speaker_heading: I‘1l play
dialog: Sandra is
text: back by the way.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (getting emotional, but
dialog: staying strong)
dialog: Listen, nothing can be independent
dialog: of our marriage right now. I
dialog: can’t believe I have to explain
dialog: this to you. Just be on MY side,
dialog: OK?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: And stop seeing JEFF!
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Cassie, you’re the server.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Just let me practice a few times.
dialog: I was never a good auditioner.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You wanted it too badly.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: It’s not an audition.
speaker_heading: SANDRA CASSIE
dialog: Charlie. It’s just my palms are so
dialog: perspired.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Sweetie, you’re blotting the
dialog: envelope. Maybe Nicole should
dialog: play you.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Did you really just say that???
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: We don’t need to practice it.
dialog: It’s not a performance!
text: working on opening a bottle of wine.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Did we finish the other one
dialog: already?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (with dead certainty)
dialog: Oh, yeah.
text: Outside, a car door closes, they all jump. Cassie even
text: screams. Nicole snaps into action.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: OK, let me get it. You both go in
dialog: the other room. Cassie, make sure
text: Henry goes upstairs with Jules and
dialog: Molly.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
text: Happening now.
text: Cassie and Sandra disperse. Nicole goes to the door.
text: Sandra reappears from another entrance.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I’m getting my wine.
text: She grabs her glass and scurries away as Cassie reenters.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: CASSIE
text: Henry’s pooping in the bathroom
dialog: downstairs.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Can we transfer him to the
dialog: upstairs one?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: I think it’s mid-poop.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: OK, grab him when he comes out.
text: (Cassie nods and starts
dialog: to leave)
dialog: Cassie!
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (re: Nora’s legal
dialog: document )
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m putting the envelope here by
dialog: the toaster.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Copy you.
text: Cassie hurries out of the room. The back door opens,
text: Charlie enters in a whirl. He kisses Nicole on the lips,
text: heading into a spare bedroom.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey-- Where’s Henry?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
text: He’s pooping.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi Henry!
text: He dumps his bags on the floor. She watches through the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Does this couch still open?
text: He reappears, squeezing past her into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: I got off the plane to a text--
dialog: But don’t tell anyone yet, it’s
dialog: still a secret.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: OK--
text: He goes straight to the refrigerator, passing the manila
text: envelope next to the toaster. He turns to Nicole, unable
text: to contain his excitement.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I won a MacArthur grant.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh, Charlie, that’s so great.
dialog: Congratulations!
text: She hugs him, truly happy for him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Thanks. (so pleased)
dialog: I’ll say it because you
dialog: can’t, it’s the genius
dialog: grant. You’re a genius.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: (bashful, but beaming) I’m really happy for you.
dialog: Well... You deserve it--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s yours too. We did all of
dialog: this together.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, thank you, but it’s yours,
dialog: Charlie, enjoy it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m starving--
text: Charlie removes a roasted chicken from the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s good money, and they parse it
dialog: out over five years, but it means
dialog: I can keep everyone in the theater
dialog: company employed, pay my credit
dialog: card debt and--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (eyes on the envelope)
dialog: It’s so great.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Of course I went instantly to,
dialog: “it’s all down hill from here.”
dialog: Now my first Broadway play HAS to
dialog: fail--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: We just started rehearsals You always don’t know at
dialog: again...I don’t know... this point and then it gets
dialog: there--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Do I? Cause I don’t remember.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I know, but it’s true. It’1l be
dialog: great.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: OK. I hope you’re right.
dialog: Everyone says, Hi.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Tell them Hi. I miss everyone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Well, you’ll see them when A MacArthur, Broadway, it’s
dialog: you come back-- so exciting.
dialog: Congratulations, Charlie.
text: He picks at the chicken with his hands, licking his
text: fingers. Nicole takes a breath, wanting to acknowledge the
text: envelope sitting now to Charlie’s right and all that’s
text: about to happen.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Which bathroom?
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: What? Is he pooping?
dialog: He starts
dialog: He knocks
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh...downstairs.
text: off. She follows him into the other room.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Your mom home?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Yeah, she’s upstairs--
text: on the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, how’s it going?
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Nothing yet.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s me.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I just got here.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I brought you something.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Yay. Mom is giving me a present
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: For pooping.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: I love you.
text: Charlie reenters the kitchen. Nicole trailing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t think we should reward him
dialog: for pooping anymore.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: I know, but he holds it in, It’s its own reward.
dialog: it’s getting on a week...
text: Sandra pokes her head in.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Hey there, Charlie-bird.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: G-ma!
text: Sandra kisses him on the lips. He lifts her up. Nicole
text: watches impatiently.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Don’t, I’m so heavy!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’re light as a feather.
speaker_heading: SANDRA CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, God, I’m so HUGE! You didn’t respond to my
dialog: last email!
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Your emails are so articulate, I
dialog: get intimidated!
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: NICOLE SANDRA
dialog: Mom, can you help with-- Now, I’m going to lift You!
text: She wraps her arms around him and he pretends to be lifted.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
speaker_heading: MOM!
speaker_heading: SANDRA NICOLE
dialog: What? Upstairs--
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: I’m going to go write you back
dialog: now.
text: Sandra reluctantly leaves as Cassie enters.
speaker_heading: CASSIE CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, Charlie. Cassie, I like your haircut.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (disarmed)
dialog: Oh, thanks.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: SANDRA (0.S.)
dialog: Henry’s calling you, Nicole!
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: I hear him! What's going on, Henry?!
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Can you have Mom come?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He wants you--
text: Nicole and Cassie look at one another.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (mouths )
dialog: Wait for me--
text: Charlie continues to eat (and mangle) his chicken. Cassie
text: stands in front of him awkwardly. She collects her things,
text: holds a pie tin, on top of a script. She’s red faced and
text: blushing, and shaking from nerves.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What kind of pie is that?
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (for some reason that
dialog: stumped her)
dialog: It’s...
text: (long pause, as if trying
dialog: to recall a line ina
dialog: play)
dialog: Pecan.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did you make it?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: I don’t know. No! It’s store
dialog: bought. You know Joan’s on Third?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, yeah, that’s good, right?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: What? The store? Yeah! Jules
dialog: and Molly love it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (re: her nerves)
dialog: Are you OK?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Yes. I’m just HOT.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I‘1l pour you some water.
dialog: (he does)
dialog: Nicole says you're doing a play?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (happy to be asked)
dialog: I think you’d like it! It’s a
dialog: great unproduced play by this
dialog: really interesting British writer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So you do an English accent?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Yeah, it’s more Northern England.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, what does that sound like?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Ya want a cup of tea, do ya?
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, right. Good.
dialog: (doing an OK English
dialog: accent)
dialog: Oh, thank you, missus. What is--
text: Charlie’s gaze goes down to the counter. The legal
text: envelope lies there. Cassie sees him seeing this.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (still trying British)
dialog: It’s a manilla envelope, love.
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: Can I start over?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It has my name on it.
text: He picks it up. She lunges forward and violently grabs it
text: out of his hands. She hesitates and then formally hands it
text: back to him.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Oh Jesus, sorry. You’re served.
dialog: Sorry.
text: Nicole reenters. She sees Charlie holding the envelope.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (to Cassie)
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Nothing. I don’t know. I can’t
dialog: lie. You’re being served. You
dialog: guys are getting divorced. I
dialog: don’t know. I’m sorry.
text: She runs out of the room. Nicole looks at Charlie.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I was going to warn you. So it
dialog: didn’t become a thing.
text: Charlie stares at the envelope. And then:
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I’m sorry.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (eyes on the envelope)
dialog: I feel like I’m in a dream.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: We don’t have a marriage anymore.
text: Charlie looks up at her.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I know you don’t want the
dialog: disruption, but you don’t want to
dialog: be married. Not really.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (holding up the envelope)
dialog: But I don’t want THIS.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, what did you expect was
dialog: going to happen?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know... I guess I didn’t
dialog: think it through. But I thought
dialog: we agreed--
text: Nicole gets out a bottle of whiskey and pours two drinks.
text: She places one on the counter in front of him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: We weren’t going to use I want a... I don’t know,
dialog: lawyers. I’m trying to say this as
text: undramatically as possible.
dialog: I want an ENTIRELY different
dialog: kind of life.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let’s wait until you finish this
dialog: pilot and come back to New York
dialog: and... Let’s figure it out there,
text: at home. Together.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: Nora is known for being We don’t need to do this
dialog: really fair- with envelopes and...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (holding up the envelope)
dialog: This is Nora?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Yeah. She’s great. I feel like
dialog: we could be friends with her.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why do I feel like that won’t
dialog: happen...
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: It’s a formality and you (suddenly)
dialog: don’t have to respond right Why...why did Cassie have a
dialog: away. pie?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: The pie was hers. The pie wasn’t
dialog: part of it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Yeah, I mean, what would the pie
dialog: have to do with anything?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: I don’t know, it somehow Sorry. The pie was just a
dialog: makes it worse. pie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So, what... What do I do?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You get a lawyer too.
scene_heading: INT. NICOLE’S ROOM AT SANDRA’S
text: Charlie and Nicole lie in bed together on either side of
text: Henry. Charlie is reading Stuart Little. They get to the
text: end. Both Charlie and Nicole wipe tears from their eyes.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I forgot it ended that way.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. Wow. Stuart really over-
dialog: reacted, didn’t you think?
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: He was upset about his boat.
text: Charlie kisses Henry on the head.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dad, you go away-- Mom, you stay--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: But Daddy, just got here--
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s OK. I love you.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (picking up his Dad’s
dialog: disappointment)
dialog: But you can come back and wake me
dialog: up and read to me later, Daddy.
dialog: OK?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK.
text: Charlie gets up and walks outside the door. We STAY with
dialog: Nicole and Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Will you come sleep in my bed
dialog: later?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Yes.
text: We CUT TO Charlie standing outside the door and for the
text: first time shift to HIS perspective. He hears their
text: whispers. A door squeak grabs Charlie’s attention. Sandra
text: peeks out from her room.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
text: (whispers, shaking her
dialog: fists)
dialog: Hang in there, Charlie-bird.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Thanks G-ma.
text: Sandra shuts her door. He looks at the family photos on
text: the hallway wall. Sandra younger on a TV show, being
text: directed by Roberto, a handsome curly haired man with big
text: glasses. Nicole and Cassie as kids.
text: A framed image from a New York Times article on Charlie and
text: Nicole. They pose, looking great, standing apart on the
text: stage of the theater. Titled: Scenes From A Marriage.
text: Nicole comes back out. She sees Charlie looking at the
text: photo. She hesitates.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
text: He’s in a Mommy phase right now.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s OK.
text: They both head down the stairs. Nicole sways for a second
text: and clutches a bannister. Charlie takes her arm.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Sorry, I think I drank too much
dialog: wine--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: I can imagine. Stressful And didn’t eat dinner--
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Ha, yeah... I hope Henry didn’t
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sure he didn’t.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Now that I’m a parent I realize my
dialog: parents were probably drunk all
dialog: the time with me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Yeah. Sorry again.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Where are you staying?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, um...I hadn’t...I guess
dialog: I’ll...
text: He puts on his jacket, and leaves the room--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: There’s a new hotel over on
dialog: Highland that’s supposedly not too
dialog: expensive and pretty nice.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Oh...OK...I1’11 check it out.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Again, that’s great about the
dialog: MacArthur.
text: Charlie reappears clutching his bag.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
text: They half-hug strangely, he holding his bag in one hand,
text: she holding the legal envelope.
text: He heads for the door.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (turning hopefully)
dialog: Yeah?
text: Nicole hands him the envelope with the divorce papers.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
text: Charlie flips off all the lights in the room. Leaving
text: Nicole in darkness.
speaker_heading: A VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Fuck.
scene_heading: INT. JAY MAROTTA’S LAW OFFICE. DAY
text: Charlie sits across from a lawyer, 50's, a strong, husky
text: silver-haired man in a suit. This is Jay Marotta. The
text: office is nothing like Nora’s -- sleek, corporate, tough.
text: There are photos of Jay playing sports.
text: An associate, 30's, Ted, a younger jock, sits at an
text: adjacent table, taking notes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: (to the associate)
text: She’s being represented by Nora.
text: Ted nods, knowingly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She’s supposedly very fair?
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Here’s the fact Jack: I charge 950
dialog: dollars an hour, Ted is 400, so if
dialog: you have a stupid question, call
dialog: Ted.
dialog: 53.
text: Ted smiles at Charlie. Charlie looks sick.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: To start we’ll need a twenty-five
dialog: thousand dollar retainer--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, that’s more than I can--
scene_heading: TED JAY SILVERMAN
dialog: And all your financials. Which runs anywhere from ten
dialog: We'll need to do a forensic to twenty thousand dollars.
dialog: accounting.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (sweating)
dialog: But if we can all agree right
dialog: away, it shouldn’t get too bad,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: (not responding)
dialog: You were married here, in LA?
scene_heading: CHARLIE JAY SILVERMAN
dialog: Yes, because her mom and And your son was born out
dialog: sister are out here and I’m here?
dialog: not close with my family and
dialog: so we just did it here...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, because again her family was
dialog: out here and I’m not--
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: So you got married here, your kid
dialog: was born here and she served you
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. But we LIVED in New York.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why? Is there a problem?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: We're going to have to reshape the
dialog: narrative.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: If you’re serious about having
dialog: your child in New York, this is
dialog: what I would suggest, you take the
dialog: kid, did you say his name is Fred--
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: CHARLIE JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Henry. --Henry? Why did I think
dialog: Fred.
speaker_heading: TED JAY MAROTTA
dialog: I have a kid named Fred. --you take Henry to New York
dialog: with you right now. Then we
dialog: file an action in New York.
dialog: Make it a New York case--
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: We need to make an argument that
dialog: you’re a New York based family.
scene_heading: CHARLIE JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Well, we ARE. Otherwise, you’1ll probably
dialog: never see your kid outside
dialog: of LA again.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Really? No.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: It’s very difficult to convince
dialog: the courts to MOVE a kid. As soon
dialog: as you let your wife and child
dialog: leave New York, you made life very
dialog: difficult for yourself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, but as I said, we are a New
dialog: York family, that’s just a fact.
dialog: She’s here temporarily.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: (leading question)
dialog: Then why do you think she served
dialog: you out here?
text: Jay and the associate exchange a meaningful glance.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t...know. But, Henry wants
dialog: to go back to New York, he tells
dialog: me--
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Don’t quote your kid. He’s just
dialog: telling you what you want to hear.
dialog: Trust me, he’s telling her the
dialog: opposite.
text: Jay looks back at the papers.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: What’s Exit Goat?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Exit Ghost. It’s the name of my
dialog: theater company.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: You're a director?
scene_heading: CHARLIE JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Theater director, yeah. Anything I've seen?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know. What have you seen?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Our production of Electra is moving to
dialog: Broadway which is exciting--
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: We have to make sure that money is
dialog: protected.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I mean, it’s theater, so it’s not
dialog: a lot of money. I basically put
dialog: whatever money I make back in the
dialog: theater.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: I wonder--
dialog: (looks at Ted)
dialog: Do WE ask for support?
speaker_heading: TED CHARLIE
dialog: Interesting-- From Nicole? I’m not going
dialog: to do that--
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Does your wife’s family have
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Her mother has some from her TV
dialog: career and her father died--
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA TED
dialog: We could say we don’t want In that instance, her mother
dialog: her mother to see the kid, could pay your legal fees
dialog: draw HER into the case. too.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (can’t believe his ears)
dialog: No. I’m very close to her mom.
dialog: Nicole's family has been my family-
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: That’s going to change and I
dialog: suggest you get used to that.
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: We should hire a private
dialog: investigator--
scene_heading: CHARLIE JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Really? I mean...REALLY? We need to look for ways we
dialog: can show she’s a bad mother.
scene_heading: CHARLIE JAY MAROTTA
dialog: But she’s not. Your wife do drugs or
dialog: anything? Coke?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Not in any real way--
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: We're not going to win if she’s a
dialog: perfect mom.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: She was addicted to Tums for a
dialog: while.
text: Jay stares at him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It wasn’t nothing. She was up to
text: a tube a day.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Have you noticed anyone following
dialog: YOU?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Keep an eye out. California’s a
dialog: no-fault state so even if you’re
dialog: fucking around it wouldn’t matter,
dialog: but, it doesn’t look good--
dialog: (stands)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to be prepared for the
dialog: fact that Nora’s going to portray
dialog: you as a neglectful, absent,
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But I’m not--
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: You live in New York,
dialog: consumed with your work, she
dialog: and the kid are out here,
dialog: struggling. Nora will use
dialog: that strategy, I’m sure of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She’s not going to LIE.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Listen, if we start from a place
dialog: of reasonable and they start from
dialog: a place of crazy when we settle,
dialog: we'll be somewhere between
dialog: reasonable and crazy.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Which is STILL crazy.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Half of crazy is crazy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You know what people say, criminal
dialog: lawyers see bad people at their
dialog: best, divorce lawyers see good
dialog: people at their worst.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: You’11 end up hating me and Ted
dialog: before it’s all over just because
dialog: of what we represent in your life.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sure you’re right.
text: Charlie looks like he’1ll pass out.
scene_heading: CHARLIE JAY SILVERMAN
dialog: Maybe I didn’t explain this
dialog: well. We're friendly, we're
dialog: fine, we’re just trying to
dialog: figure this out--
dialog: So, tell me the story again,
dialog: you came out to see your kid
dialog: and she served you? What a
dialog: bitch.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She’s not a bitch...thanks, but
dialog: this isn’t...we’re doing it a
dialog: different way. And I can’t even
dialog: close afford this... I’ve got to
dialog: get back to New York. I havea
dialog: Broadway play in rehearsals--
text: Charlie stands.
dialog: Fade to Black.
scene_heading: INT. BROADWAY REHEARSAL SPACE, NEW YORK. DAY
text: Actors are mingling, stretching, in a mostly white room in
text: midtown. Different color tape on the floor indicates the
text: set. Various conversations are going on at once including
text: Frank telling another anecdote from his younger days.
speaker_heading: FRANK BETH
dialog: She was Rosalind and I was Do you think it’s OK that
dialog: Jaques. Nobody knew her I’m doing the laughing fit
dialog: then -- that way. Nicole did it
dialog: more like --
dialog: (she laughs strangely)
dialog: I’m doing it--
dialog: (laughs her way)
dialog: And I don’t want to imitate
dialog: her--
speaker_heading: ACTOR 3
dialog: You’re making it your own.
speaker_heading: FRANK BETH
dialog: Complete unknown. And I was I just so appreciate that
dialog: the hot shit you know, young Charlie gave me this
dialog: and very sexy with this opportunity. Or maybe I
dialog: great head of hair. should thank Nicole.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I heard Nicole’s pilot went to
dialog: series so she’s staying in LA.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 2
dialog: And they put Henry in school out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 4
dialog: Is Charlie moving there too?
speaker_heading: BETH ACTOR
dialog: Not Charlie. He won’t abandon us.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: And you can’t do theater in LA.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 5
dialog: Charlie said she and Henry are
dialog: coming back to New York once she
text: finishes filming her show.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 1
dialog: I wouldn’t be so sure.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 5 ACTOR 2
dialog: She was never going to stay She was probably planning
dialog: in New York. That was this move all along.
dialog: obvious.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 5 ACTOR
dialog: When she sees an Well, LA is nice. The
dialog: opportunity, believe me, she space.
dialog: takes it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And you know it’s “The Park” and
dialog: all that, and Joey Papp was
text: directing, and she just glided on
dialog: stage... we were cats in heat.
speaker_heading: ACTOR 3
dialog: Charlie HATES LA.
text: All of their attention eventually drifts toward Frank for
dialog: the big finish.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Miss future four time Oscar winner
dialog: sucking my...
text: The door swings open and Charlie enters. He’s immediately
text: swarmed by the costume designer and props guy who is
text: showing him different items to approve.
text: Charlie puts his things down on a white folding table.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nobody come too close, I think I
dialog: got Donna’s cold.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Sorry Charlie.
text: Terry and other actors approach him.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Just a heads up, I’m waiting for a
dialog: Skype call from Henry so I might
dialog: have to step out--
dialog: Everyone very understandingly says “Of course.” “Say Hi
text: from us” etc. Frank puts his arm around Charlie.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What you’re going through now is
dialog: going to be horrible. BUT it will
dialog: be over.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE FRANK
dialog: Thanks, Frank. Another thing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Fuck as many people as you can
dialog: right now. Women, men...
text: The Costume Designer, Donna, holds up a brown suit, hat,
text: goggles and white gauze and a small Frankenstein outfit.
speaker_heading: COSTUME DESIGNER FRANK
dialog: You might need help wrapping Take what I said seriously.
dialog: some of the gauze, it needs
dialog: to stay tight.
speaker_heading: SET DESIGNER
dialog: I’m confused. What scene is the
dialog: Invisible Man outfit for?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, that’s my Halloween costume.
dialog: And the Frankenstein is for Henry.
text: All the actors surround him, approving of the outfits.
dialog: “Aww!” “So cute!” “Frankenstein and the Invisible Man!”
scene_heading: CHARLIE COSTUME DESIGNER
dialog: He’s coming here this I made it more James Whale
dialog: weekend and we're going to than Kenneth Branagh.
dialog: trick or treat in the Slope
dialog: and whatever--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE MARY ANN
dialog: Perfect. Can I talk to you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, over--
dialog: 61.
text: Charlie and Mary Ann duck into the hallway. The crew
text: clocks this and makes knowing eye contact with one another.
scene_heading: INT. REHEARSAL SPACE HALLWAY. SAME
text: Mary Ann hands him a stack of papers and an old scuffed up
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: I typed up the notes from the last
dialog: two rehearsals and here’s the
dialog: blueprints--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE MARY ANN
dialog: (pleased) --from the original layout
dialog: Where'd you find it? of the Broadway theater--
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: The library. Duh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ha!
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Can I come over tonight?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Mary Ann, it’s too hard now...I
dialog: just can’t be with anyone right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: We did it when you were married,
dialog: when we shouldn’t have done it.
dialog: Now, that you’re not married, um,
dialog: shouldn’t we be doing it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m not not married...yet.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: You’re torturing yourself.
text: His phone is ringing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Just make sure everything doesn’t
dialog: go to hell here. I’m relying on
dialog: you, OK?
speaker_heading: MARY ANN CHARLIE
dialog: Fine. Thanks.
dialog: 62.
text: He kisses her on the head. She flushes, rebuffed.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE MARY ANN
dialog: Hold on, let me-- I wish you'd accept
dialog: generosity better.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (hesitates after this
dialog: remark and answers the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Hello?
text: Charlie pushes open the fire exit doors--
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL. SAME
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Is this Charlie Barber?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Hi, this is Nora Fanshaw, I
dialog: represent your wife, Nicole
dialog: Barber.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Do you have an attorney yet?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: OK, then it’s OK for me to talk to
dialog: you directly. OK?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I’m calling because we haven't
dialog: received a response to our filing.
text: The set designer, Agnes, opens the door to the stairwell
text: and holds up two photos of stools. Charlie points at one
text: of them. The designer nods.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, I’ve been rehearsing this
dialog: play and flying back and forth to
dialog: LA--
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You’re going to need to file your
dialog: response.
text: Now she holds up two images of phones. An old style one
text: from the 30’s and a rotary from the 70's.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nicole said there was no rush.
text: He points at the rotary. She nods gratefully and hurries
text: back inside.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It’s been more than thirty days
dialog: since you were served. By law
dialog: you’re meant to respond within
dialog: thirty days.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NORA
dialog: I didn’t like the first It says that very clearly on
dialog: lawyer I met. the document you were given.
dialog: Did you read it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But I thought that’s just what it
dialog: says...we weren’t going to even do
dialog: it with lawyers--
text: Charlie absent-mindedly fiddles with the X-Acto knife on
text: his key chain, opening and closing it. Frank pokes his
dialog: head in.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Charlie, I’m thinking I shouldn’t
dialog: tuck in the shirt?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE FRANK
text: (holding up a finger to --it keeps coming out during
dialog: say “hold on”) the love scene--
dialog: Nicole said I could take my
dialog: time--
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: And we've let you take your
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE FRANK
dialog: What love scene? When I hug Beth.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You don’t hug Beth.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s something I’m trying.
speaker_heading: NORA CHARLIE
dialog: If you don’t file your (to Frank)
dialog: response we’re going to file You can’t just tuck it in
dialog: a request for default tighter or get Donna to
dialog: judgement against you. safety pin it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (admitting)
dialog: I also have a thing about tucking
dialog: in things--
text: Charlie indicates for Frank to come forward. He tucks it
dialog: in for him.
speaker_heading: FRANK NORA
dialog: It’s a hold-over from Charlie?
dialog: childhood. Insecurities
dialog: about my figure.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, sorry--
text: Frank looks at his reflection in the glass of a fire
text: extinguisher. He does his “handsome” face. He pantomimes
text: hugging someone. Charlie starts walking down the stairs.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: A default judgement. What does
dialog: that mean?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: We'll be able to lay claim to
dialog: whatever we want.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What do you mean? Whatever you
dialog: want of what?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Your apartment, your things--well,
dialog: everything you own.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She and I already discussed this,
dialog: we don’t own that much stuff, she
dialog: can have pretty much whatever she--
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: And it means, we’1ll set the number
dialog: for child support at its highest
dialog: level and claim full custody of
dialog: your child...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Full custody? I mean, that’s not
dialog: even--
text: Charlie opens an Emergency Exit door and emerges into--
speaker_heading: TIMES SQUARE
text: Chaotic city SOUNDS and vibrating video screens.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: This is what the law says.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nicole’s not going to do that. I
dialog: mean...she won’t.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No, Charlie, I represent Nicole
dialog: and she’s aware of everything I’m
dialog: saying to you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I just spoke to her this morning.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Well, I spoke to her five minutes
dialog: before I got on this call.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Um, OK, what do I do?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You need to get a lawyer and
dialog: respond immediately. Nicole wants
dialog: to do this amicably but you’re
dialog: leaving us no other option,
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’ll get a lawyer. Can I geta
dialog: lawyer here?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I don’t know where “here” is.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: That’s what all that honking is!
dialog: No, you'll have to come to LA and
dialog: meet people in LA.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NORA
dialog: I’m rehearsing a-- If you don’t respond in Los
dialog: Angeles by Friday, you'll
dialog: leave us no choice.
scene_heading: LONG DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RENTAL CAR AREA, LAX AIRPORT. DAY
text: A plane flies over palm trees and strip malls. We MOVE
text: down to find: Charlie, dressed in a black coat and black
text: jeans, wandering around aimlessly in a parking lot.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR. DAY
text: Charlie drives, fiddling with the air conditioning to no
text: apparent success. He looks uncomfortable and hot. The sun
text: suddenly blinds him through the windshield.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (squinting)
dialog: Ugh, I can’t see..
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And I’m still driving.
scene_heading: EXT. SANDRA’S HOUSE, WEST HOLLYWOOD, LOS ANGELES, DAY
text: Henry comes running out. He wears shorts and high socks.
text: Charlie opens his arms but doesn’t get a hug as Henry is on
dialog: to other things.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Me and Mommy are in the middle of
dialog: a Super Secret Treasure Hunt--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you wearing?
text: Nicole follows. Her hair has been dyed blonde.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I thought the plane landed at ten.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: It did. Sock pants!
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are sock pants?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: He doesn’t like the breeze on his
dialog: legs--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
text: There are long pants-- He dressed himself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Can I talk to you--
speaker_heading: HENRY NICOLE
dialog: Why don’t we ever do a It’s almost noon.
dialog: treasure hunt?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (aside to Henry)
dialog: We got to get going--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’m not done searching for my
dialog: money!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: (to Nicole) No talking alone.
dialog: Can I talk to you fora
dialog: minute? Henry, can you wait
dialog: a minute--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Just one bit of talking alone and
dialog: then I’1l be right there--
text: He walks Nicole over away from the car and Henry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I got a call from your lawyer.
dialog: She said you’d take everything and
dialog: custody and everything if I didn’t
dialog: respond.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: That’s how lawyers talk-- Yeah, but she’s saying
dialog: things I don’t think you
dialog: mean--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: It’s better if we just let the
dialog: lawyers do this--
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We said we'd figure this out
dialog: together.
text: Henry starts running back to the house.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Henry, we need to get going--
speaker_heading: NICOLE HENRY
dialog: Have you gotten a lawyer I don’t want to go now.
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s what I’m here to do.
text: Charlie opens the car door.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come on, Henry, I’m in a rush--
dialog: (to Nicole)
dialog: And I looked Nora up. She’s
dialog: fancy. We...you can’t afford her.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: She said she’d make it work--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: (shouting) I have three more clues!
dialog: Henry!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to Nicole)
dialog: Why did you start a treasure hunt
dialog: or whatever so close to my
dialog: arrival?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You were late, we were killing
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’m going to be rich!
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (aloud)
dialog: We can finish the treasure hunt
dialog: later. Go with Daddy now, it’ll
dialog: be FUN.
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: I‘1l have a present for you when
dialog: you get back as a reward--
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (glares at Nicole)
dialog: He’s not going to the dentist.
speaker_heading: NICOLE HENRY
dialog: I’m trying to help-- I’m staying here.
text: Henry grabs hold of his Mom.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: OK--
text: Charlie gently takes Henry’s arm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come on--
text: Henry yanks it back. Charlie pulls again on Henry who is
text: clutching his Mom.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Henry-- You have a booster?
text: This tug of war feels ridiculous and Charlie lets go.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I have a booster.
text: Nicole looks at the car-seat in the back of the car.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: It’s not in.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: What’s not in? The seat. It’s not
dialog: connected.
text: Charlie leans in. The car-seat isn’t connected to
text: anything. Charlie and Nicole, both crouched closely
text: together in the back seat, share a small laugh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I asked the rental company to
dialog: install it.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I think they can’t for liability
dialog: reasons--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Do you know how these things- Let me do it--
dialog: 70.
text: Henry itches his nose as he watches his parents struggle
text: with the booster seat.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: No, you have to--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Here, you have dig--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why “fuck?”
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You OK?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Something’s sharp--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There should be a clip
dialog: thing, a thing to clip on
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ow, fuck.
text: Charlie gets out, he’s sweating and his hand is bleeding.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can’t I stay with Mom?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s my time with you. I
dialog: just flew three thousand
dialog: miles.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t want to--
dialog: Henry, get in the fucking car!
text: Henry laughs uncomfortably and then reluctantly climbs in.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: I’m sorry, but Jesus, get in the
dialog: fucking car.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR. DAY
dialog: Charlie drives.
dialog: the back.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: He sucks on his hand which is bleeding
text: looks at all the billboards on the strip.
dialog: Henry sits in
dialog: How do you spell Lego Bionicles?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s two words. What does Lego
dialog: start with?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Just tell me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don’t you want to learn it?
speaker_heading: HENRY CHARLIE
dialog: No, it’s on the box anyway. L.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: E. You know, everyone at the
dialog: theater says Hi.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hi. Then what?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: A “ggg” sound. Are you excited
dialog: for Halloween?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: J?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: An “O” sound.
speaker_heading: HENRY CHARLIE
dialog: Are you excited for
dialog: Halloween?
speaker_heading: HENRY CHARLIE
dialog: I brought both our costumes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’m going to go as a store-bought
dialog: ninja.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But we agreed, I had Donna make
dialog: you a Frankenstein.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t want to be a Frankenstein
dialog: anymore.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you sure, maybe just look at
dialog: it? It’s awesome. We’1ll be
dialog: Frankenstein and the Invisible
dialog: Man!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Mom bought me a ninja costume
dialog: which is better because it costs
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: Technically, the The cousins are also going
dialog: Frankenstein costs more when to be ninjas.
dialog: you factor in Donna’s time
dialog: and the materials--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: But Henry, we went through all
dialog: this trouble--
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: OK, whatever you want...
scene_heading: EXT./INT. PARKING ENTRANCE
text: Charlie lowers the window and stretches his arm out to push
text: the button to get the ticket, but he’s not pulled in close
text: enough. He has to open the door, unbuckle himself, and
dialog: step out to push it.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING LOBBY
text: A wide white space flanked by windows. Charlie, still
text: sucking on his hand, carries two travel bags and he and
text: Henry, having checked in, head toward the elevator bank.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: (in the middle of a I’ve been here.
dialog: previous conversation)
dialog: .+--and so I’m not
dialog: comfortable leaving the bags
dialog: in a car where I’ve given
dialog: the key to someone I don’t
dialog: know--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s an office building so you've
dialog: been to places like this before.
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE
text: Charlie approaches the receptionist.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I remember those fish.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: A lot of fish look the same.
text: The receptionist looks up.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Can I help you--
scene_heading: CHARLIE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I’m Charlie Barber, I have a (to the kid)
dialog: one thirty with Dan Cohen. Oh, hi. Where’s your little
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t have it this time. I keep
dialog: my skeletons at my mom's.
text: Charlie looks at Henry strangely and back at the
text: receptionist. She scrolls on her computer and frowns.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: OK... Oh, OK... I’m sorry, we
dialog: tried to reach you, Mr. Cohen
dialog: wanted me to apologize. He can’t
dialog: see you because apparently your
dialog: wife already met with him on the
dialog: 7th of August about
dialog: representation...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But she hired somebody else, uh,
dialog: Nora...
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Fanshaw? But unfortunately
dialog: because she consulted with Mr.
dialog: Cohen already, he’s legally barred
dialog: from representing you.
scene_heading: CHARLIE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Oh... Really? (to Henry)
dialog: Should we feed the fish?
text: She rises and leads Henry over to the tank.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: It happens all the time. If you
dialog: have a ticket I can validate your
dialog: parking.
dialog: 74.
text: Charlie searches for his ticket. He gets blood from his
text: hand on the loose bills and receipts in his pocket.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: It’s common that people meet with
dialog: as many lawyers as possible so
dialog: that their spouse has limited
dialog: options.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t think she would have done
dialog: it deliberately.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: You'd be surprised.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did you go to a lot of offices
dialog: with your mom?
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: Not so many. Like eleven.
scene_heading: EXT. MINI-MALL/FAST FOOD RESTAURANT
text: In harsh sunlight, Charlie heads for his parked car, on the
text: phone, pulling a rolling bag and hauling a duffel.
dialog: Henry
text: trails behind him, carrying Charlie’s lap-top bag and
text: eating a hamburger over a paper bag.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t think anyone would have
dialog: stealed the bags, Daddy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: I need somebody TODAY. If I don’t
dialog: respond by tomorrow, she said I
dialog: could lose custody? I didn’t know
dialog: who else to call... There’s got
dialog: to be someone she didn’t meet.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: She'd kill me if she knew we were
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE VOICE
dialog: I know. I really appreciate It’s high alert over here.
dialog: it.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. SANDRA’S HOUSE, BATHROOM, LOS ANGELES. INTERCUT
text: Sandra, her head in a scarf, and tinted blue glasses on,
text: runs the shower to drown out her conversation and talks in
text: a whisper. She flips through an old address book.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: OK, I have a name for you. Bert
dialog: Spitz. He was the entertainment
dialog: lawyer at Roberto’s agency, and
dialog: for years, he negotiated all of
dialog: Robbie’s Dynasty and Falcon Crest
dialog: deals. He kind of got pushed into
dialog: retirement a few years ago and he
dialog: went into family law.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (reading a billboard)
dialog: “They’re out for bl-ode.”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: It’s a double “O”. What Blo-oode?
dialog: sound is that?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Blood. You’re getting good at
dialog: reading.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: “They're out for blood.”
text: Charlie and Henry approach the car in the parking lot.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I called him and he can see you
dialog: today at 4.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Great!
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: And he should be more affordable.
text: Charlie opens the back door and indicates for Henry to go
text: in. Henry drops his burger on the pavement.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh, shit.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: Thank you G-ma. Thank you. Dad!
text: Sandra now lies on the tile floor looking under the
text: bathroom door to see if someone is listening.
dialog: Mom?!
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: We never had this conversation,
dialog: Charlie-bird.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Got it! I love you.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (0.S.) SANDRA
dialog: I have to go--
text: Sandra hangs up.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I need a new burger.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Because you made us carry your
dialog: bags into the restaurant, I
dialog: dropped it.
text: Charlie picks up the burger and wipes it off.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (handing it back)
dialog: It’s fine, get in the car.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why did you take me today if you
dialog: couldn’t hang out with me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Because I’ve been away and want to
dialog: see you.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD. DAY
text: A cramped parking lot in the back of an old run-down
text: building on Hollywood Boulevard. Charlie helps Henry out
text: of the back seat.
speaker_heading: BERT (V.O.)
dialog: Getting a divorce with a kid can
dialog: be one of the hardest things
dialog: you'll ever do. It’s like a death
text: without a body.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. BERT SPITZ’S LAW OFFICE. DAY
text: A man, late 60's, in slacks and a tweed jacket, takes a
text: pill from a container and swallows it with a glass of
text: water. This is Bert Spitz. A grizzled cat wheezes in a
text: corner on a stained pillow.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I know, personally I’ve been there
dialog: four different times.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You've been divorced four times?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I’ve been married four times.
dialog: Three divorces. This last one
dialog: will stick God willing.
text: Charlie nods as Bert sits across from him.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: That’s why I graduated into family
dialog: law. To help people survive this
dialog: painful time.
dialog: (leans forward)
dialog: Here’s how I see it: If we get
dialog: bogged down in who did this and
dialog: that and “I don’t want to pay the
dialog: two dollars” it’1ll just cost you
dialog: more money and time and emotional
dialog: stress, and you'll probably end up
text: with the same result anyway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE BERT
dialog: Right. I mean, I agree with And I always go with the
dialog: that philosophy. She does truth wherever that takes
dialog: too, I’m sure. us. Most people in this
dialog: business make up the truth
dialog: to get to where they need to
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: You’re just transactions to them.
dialog: I like to think of you as people.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh. OK. Good.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: And not just you, her too.
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE BERT
dialog: It can be an ugly process.
dialog: But I believe it also
dialog: doesn’t have to be terrible.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m glad to hear you say that.
dialog: Um, I’d love to keep expenses down
dialog: as much as possible.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Of course you do. I charge 450 an
dialog: hour and I’1l1 need a ten thousand
dialog: dollar retainer to start.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe this is a stupid question,
dialog: but is there any way to do this on
dialog: a budget?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: This is the budget version.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (swallows )
dialog: I’ll see if I can get an advance
dialog: on the Broadway transfer...
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: And keep in mind, you'll have to
dialog: pay for her lawyer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh... I didn’t... What?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Or at least part of her. It
dialog: doesn’t make sense, does it? The
dialog: reason you’re doing this is
dialog: because you love your kid and in
dialog: doing so you’re draining money
dialog: from your kid’s education.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It seems ridiculous.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Oh, it is.
text: Bert shuffles through the papers in front of him.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: We'll have to respond right away.
dialog: (re: the papers)
dialog: Your son is in school out here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Temporarily. We agreed. Her
dialog: pilot went to series and I wanted
dialog: to accommodate her as she’s often
dialog: felt we do things on my terms.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Be a better husband in divorce.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I guess something like that. But
dialog: we live in New York.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: (putting on his glasses)
dialog: With your kid in school here, the
dialog: court may see it otherwise.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Will we go to court?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: No no no, we don’t want to go to
dialog: court, the California courts are a
dialog: disaster -- it’s just how we have
dialog: to think about it.
dialog: (looks back at the
dialog: papers)
dialog: I’m not sure these are my glasses.
dialog: (removes them, stands)
dialog: Where are you living when you're
dialog: out here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE BERT
dialog: I’m in a hotel right now-- Hotel doesn’t look good.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: To who?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: The court.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You just said we weren’t going to
dialog: go to court.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Of course, of course. We prepare
dialog: to go to court hoping that we
dialog: don’t go to court.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: You should get a place in LA. And
dialog: get a place NEAR her. That will
dialog: look better for custody reasons.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She’s in West Hollywood. That’1ll
dialog: be expensive. I guess I could
dialog: rent our New York apartment.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Don’t rent it, you need to
dialog: continue to prove New York
dialog: residence--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE BERT
dialog: (not sure what he’s And of course getting a
dialog: going to do) place in LA, doesn’t make it
dialog: K. look like you all live in
dialog: New York, does it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So...
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I recommend you try to spend as
dialog: much time with your child as
dialog: possible. Many people fight to
dialog: get the time and then they don’t
dialog: even use it. They just want to
dialog: win.
text: Bert leaves his office and disappears down a hallway.
text: Charlie follows.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This shouldn’t be that
dialog: complicated, right? I mean, we’re
dialog: a New York family. I think it’s
text: all pretty straight-forward.
dialog: Right?
dialog: 81.
text: Charlie finds Bert in a kitchen area. The old cat
text: following them. Bert opens an old fridge and takes out
text: some of kind of meat and rice in a tupperware container.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I hope so, yes. I see no reason--
dialog: you both love your son, you
dialog: respect each other--why this
dialog: shouldn’t be relatively pain-free?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Right.
text: Bert gathers plastic silverware from a drawer and heads
text: through another doorway into an outer office/waiting area.
text: Charlie hesitates and follows.
text: Henry looks at a magazine on the floor with Bert’s
dialog: associate, Nell, 30’s.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: (handing Nell his
dialog: glasses)
dialog: I think you have my glasses--
text: She takes off hers and they swap. She nods.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: That makes sense.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: What have you been doing?
speaker_heading: NELL HENRY
dialog: We were talking about money. And I was reading this
dialog: magazine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (looking)
dialog: You were reading California
dialog: Lawyer?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Uh uh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK, I’m almost done.
text: Henry pets the old cat.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I wouldn’t expect too much from
dialog: that cat.
text: Charlie follows Bert back to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I want you to know that eventually
dialog: this will all be over and whatever
dialog: we win or lose, it’ll be the two
dialog: of you having to figure this out
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (moved)
dialog: Thank you. You’re the first
dialog: person in this process who has
dialog: spoken to me like a human.
text: Bert, tears in his eyes, hugs Charlie.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: You remind me of myself, on my
dialog: second marriage.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Mommy !
scene_heading: INT. SANDRA’S HOUSE, LOS ANGELES
text: Henry runs in and hugs Nicole. Charlie stands in the
text: doorway, he holds the Frankenstein Halloween costume. The
text: place is decorated warmly for the holiday and delicious-
text: looking food is being prepared by a house-keeper.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Did you have fun with Daddy?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We drove around to offices.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Do you want to try on your ninja
dialog: costume? It’s on your bed!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah!
text: Henry runs upstairs.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know I had Donna build him
dialog: this whole Frankenstein thing with
dialog: the plugs and --
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: The cousins are ninjas so he But he and I had decided
dialog: wanted to do that too. together--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I can’t make him be Frankenstein.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m not asking you to. But maybe
dialog: you could help me out a little.
dialog: I‘1l leave the Frankenstein here
dialog: and maybe you can nudge him in
dialog: that direction--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I'll try.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What's the...did you dye your hair
dialog: again? Is that for your show?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: No, this is me. It was this way
dialog: when I saw you before.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know, but I didn’t say anything
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: You don’t like it? No, I guess...it’s fine. Is
dialog: it shorter? I prefer it
dialog: long, but...
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (laughs bitterly)
dialog: I’m sorry, it’s just -- absurd.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is everything OK?
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, why? You seem...I don’t know like
dialog: something is--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Everything’s fine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK.
text: Charlie peers over her shoulder again at the warm living
text: room. Nicole stands as a sort of barrier.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK, I’m going to check in at the
dialog: hotel, but should be able to get
dialog: to you guys by five, five thirty.
dialog: We'll go trick or treating from
dialog: there--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Um, we’re going to go to Cassie’s
dialog: in Pasadena.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Cassie lives in Pasadena And trick-or-treating with
dialog: now? the cousins.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Yeah, she and Sam moved a couple
dialog: of months ago.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK. I don’t really know Pasadena.
dialog: I’ll figure it out. What’s the
dialog: address? I’1l1 text Sam.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: And because my mom is Wait until you see MY
dialog: looking forward to this and costume.
dialog: Cassie and Sam are--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Are mad--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Mad at who?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Cassie and Sam? You can understand that.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: --so I think we should probably do
dialog: separate Halloweens--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But if you’re OK with it, then
dialog: shouldn’t they be OK with it--
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: Let’s just do it this way Do you not want me there?
dialog: this time. OK?
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: No, I’m fine with it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: OK. It’ll be nice for him, he’1l
dialog: get two Halloweens.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What am I going to do with him for
dialog: second Halloween? Walk around
dialog: Sunset Boulevard?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Maybe the hotel has something? Or
dialog: you can drive to another
dialog: neighborhood?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT
text: Charlie, wrapped in gauze, in a brown suit sleeps slumped
text: over on the couch. The TV is on. The hat in his lap. A
text: beer and a crinkled candy wrapper from the mini-bar on the
text: coffee table.
text: The doorbell rings. He startles awake.
text: He puts on the hat, checks himself in the mirror,
text: straightens his goggles and gauze and opens the door.
text: Nicole is dressed in a peach suit and her hair in a sort of
text: pompadour a la David Bowie. Henry dawdles behind her, in
text: the hallway. His ninja mask is askew and his costume
text: hanging partly off. Charlie, ignoring Nicole, greets
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (muffled by the gauze)
dialog: OK! Ready for Halloween!
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (re: Charlie’s costume)
dialog: Wow. Elaborate.
text: Charlie adjusts his goggles.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: Sweetheart, don’t forget your
text: jacket. It’s getting colder.
text: Henry passes by both of them and into the room. Charlie
text: parts the gauze over his mouth so he can talk easier.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (calls to Henry)
dialog: You ready to go back out?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
text: He has to pee.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No, I don’t.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: He does.
text: She hands Charlie Henry’s backpack.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
text: Some of his men and Bear Bear are
dialog: in there-- You can keep this Bear
dialog: Bear because I got another one--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Does he know that there are two
dialog: Bear Bears?
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: NICOLE HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Yes, it was his idea-- I have LA Bear Bear and New
dialog: York Bear Bear--
text: Charlie regards Nicole.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Station to Station?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Let’s Dance.
dialog: (waving)
dialog: OK, bye Henry. Have a great
dialog: Halloween with Daddy.
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: Have fun.
text: Charlie nods coldly and closes the door.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (re: the hotel room)
dialog: This is a nice house.
text: Henry turns his plastic jack o’ lantern over and
text: his candy on the floor. He lies down and starts
dialog: it.
dialog: dumps all
dialog: sorting
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (forcing enthusiasm)
dialog: Go pee and then we’re going back
dialog: out!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’m too tired!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: GO pee and then we’re going to go
dialog: drive to Halloween!
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S RENTAL CAR
text: Charlie, wiping moisture off the windshield, cranes his
text: neck, trying to see out the glass.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: This block looks promising-- I wish Halloween was over.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, it isn’t.
dialog: (looking for parking)
dialog: If we were in New York we could be
dialog: walking.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: But I like that we’re sitting
dialog: right now. I like to sit.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s true, Los Angeles does have
text: sitting going for it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I think that’s why I like Los
dialog: Angeles better.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: Because you get to sit? And because I like my
dialog: friends here better.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s not true. What about
dialog: Horatio and Poppy and--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Horatio doesn’t like me anymore
dialog: and I don’t like Poppy. Here I
text: have Axel. Axel is hilarious.
dialog: And my family is here. Besides
dialog: you.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BLVD
text: Cars rush by. The Invisible Man and a ninja in a parka
text: hold hands looking for an opening to cross.
text: They dart across the street.
text: They trudge up a steep curvy street behind Sunset.
text: They stand outside a house. They ring and wait. Nobody
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: Everyone’s asleep.
scene_heading: INT. PINK DOT
text: They approach the convenience store counter. Henry’s mask
text: is coming off at this point.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Say it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t want to.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Trick or treat.
text: The seventeen year old clerk looks around and hands them
dialog: some junk.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S RENTAL CAR
text: Charlie drives. Henry is falling asleep in the backseat.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT
text: They both exhaustedly enter. Henry turns his plastic jack
text: o’ lantern over and a couple of things trickle out.
text: Something lands with a thud. Charlie picks it up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Who gave you a lighter?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (holding his fly)
dialog: I have to pee.
text: Henry goes into the bathroom to pee. Charlie gets a beer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m going to have to go back to
dialog: New York on Monday.
dialog: 89.
text: Henry comes back out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did you flush?
text: Henry goes back in and does. Comes back out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wash your hands.
text: Henry returns to the bathroom. Charlie hears the water run
text: and then he reappears.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did you hear me? I have to go
dialog: back to New York.
text: Henry gathers some of his toys.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (playing with his men)
dialog: Aaah, watch out... BSSSHH! “I’m
dialog: falling.” “I’‘1ll catch you.”
dialog: BOOOM. “You didn’t catch me.”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why aren’t you here more?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I have to work. You know my play
text: is opening on Broadway.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Is it because you don’t want to be
dialog: near mom?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No-- You know, like we’ve talked
dialog: about, we’ve decided not to be
dialog: together no matter where we are.
dialog: But we both want to be with you.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: But you’re not near me if you’re
dialog: in New York.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (clarifying)
dialog: Well, we all still live in New
dialog: York.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah. But I go to school here.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Just for right now. Like that
dialog: time we were in Copenhagen for my
dialog: play. Remember all those kids in
dialog: buckets?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I like my school here and Mom says
dialog: we can stay here if we want.
text: Charlie freezes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What do you mean...She said that?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah.
text: CUT TO: Henry is asleep in the king size bed in Charlie’s
text: room with his bear as a pillow. Charlie turns out the
text: light and adjusts the covers. He watches Henry for a beat
text: and kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL BALCONY. NIGHT
text: Charlie steps out onto the small concrete balcony attached
text: to his room. He’s on the phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you moving out here?
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HALLOWEEN PARTY. INTERCUT
text: We see now: Nicole stands out by a pool on the phone.
text: She’s still dressed as David Bowie. Agents, the ex-husband
text: and wife producers from her show, actors, all in costume,
text: mingle inside and out.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Did you find a lawyer?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes. Henry says you’re moving
dialog: here???
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Have your lawyer call Nora.
dialog: 91.
text: Charlie clicks his portable X-Acto knife in and out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I want to talk about it as us.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Who the fuck is “us?”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let’s just get in a room, YOU and
dialog: ME, that’s what we always said
dialog: we'd do.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: My lawyers wouldn’t let me It’s not up to them. It’s
dialog: sign anything. up to us. It’s OUR divorce.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: They say I could later sue them
dialog: for malpractice.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (frustrated and growing
dialog: angry)
dialog: What am I walking into?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: What are you walking into?!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes! What the fuck is going on?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I read your fucking emails,
text: CHARLIE. I read them all.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: When? I don’t know. Recently!
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: You are a FUCKING LIAR. You -.. Shit.
dialog: fucked Mary Ann.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: It was after I was sleeping on the
dialog: couch.
text: Some guests glance over at Nicole who is now shouting.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: And all this bullshit about
dialog: working on us or whatever, you
dialog: know what-- I HAVE been working,
text: I’ve BEEN DOING THE WORK. ALONE.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How did you read my emails?
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: I HACKED INTO YOUR ACCOUNT I think that’s illegal.
dialog: YOU DUMB FUCK.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: About a week ago. So don’t How do you even know how to
dialog: give me this shit about do something like that?
dialog: being surprised about LA.
dialog: Surprise! I have opinions.
dialog: Surprise! I want things that
dialog: aren’t what you want because
dialog: SURPRISE YOU WERE FUCKING
scene_heading: ANOTHER LADY.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think you’re conflating two
dialog: different things. Mary Ann has
dialog: nothing to do with LA.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I’m conflating, motherfucker.
dialog: Watch me conflate!
text: She hangs up and visibly stamps her foot.
speaker_heading: PABLO (0.S.)
dialog: Did you just stamp your foot?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I don’t think I’ve ever done that
dialog: before. I’m sorry I’m just so
speaker_heading: ANGRY.
text: She’s handed a drink by Pablo, the tatted grip from her
text: show. He wears a tight black T-shirt with a ratty flannel
text: thrown over it and black jeans.
speaker_heading: PABLO
dialog: You look like you needed one.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I do. Thanks.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: PABLO
dialog: You know the Japanese are making
dialog: really interesting tequila right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: That’s exciting, I guess.
speaker_heading: PABLO
dialog: What are you so angry about?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Ugh, my fucking ex-husband. I
dialog: spend so much time feeling guilty,
text: but he’s so self-absorbed it’s
dialog: pointless. It’s a game I’m
dialog: playing with myself.
speaker_heading: PABLO NICOLE
dialog: (shaking her hand) You held the bounce board!
dialog: Oh, hey, Pablo. We met at
dialog: the--
speaker_heading: PABLO
dialog: The flirty grip!
scene_heading: INT. PABLO’S GRIP TRUCK
text: They’re making out in the front seat.
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Here’s what I want you to only do,
dialog: OK?
speaker_heading: PABLO NICOLE
dialog: I want you to finger me.
speaker_heading: PABLO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Just finger me.
speaker_heading: PABLO
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: That’s all we’re going to do, OK?
dialog: Just fingering. I’m changing my
dialog: whole fucking life.
dialog: Fade to Black.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: NORA (V.O.)
dialog: Nicole and Charlie’s son, Henry,
dialog: was born here in Los Angeles and
dialog: currently attends Laurel
dialog: Elementary in Laurel Canyon--
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM, CENTURY CITY, LA. DAY
text: CLOSE on Nicole.
speaker_heading: NORA (0.S.)
dialog: --and Nicole works in Hollywood on
dialog: her show while also maintaining a
dialog: full schedule as a mother with
dialog: classes of swim, art, gym and
dialog: music as well as play groups.
text: And then CUT TO Charlie, in a dark wool suit, who sweats.
speaker_heading: NORA (0.S.)
dialog: Nicole is Henry's primary
dialog: custodial parent and to the extent
dialog: that Charlie would like to
dialog: exercise his custodial time, he
dialog: should be making efforts to visit
dialog: Henry here in California.
text: And now INTERCUT between their two faces as if they’re
text: having a conversation, though neither of them opens their
text: mouth. They both listen to their representatives,
dialog: sometimes with emotion, other times anger, disbelief, and
text: self-consciousness. They occasionally look at their hands
text: or jot down a note.
speaker_heading: BERT (0.S.)
dialog: Nora, you seem to be ignoring the
dialog: fact that they lived in New York
dialog: for ten years--
speaker_heading: NORA (0.S.)
dialog: My client worked in New York, for
dialog: several years--that’s true. But
dialog: Nicole was born and bred right
dialog: here in LA. She and Charlie would
dialog: come here most holidays and
dialog: summers to spend time with her
dialog: family who all live here. She and
dialog: Charlie were married here, would
dialog: you like to see the photos?
dialog: We CUT WIDE.
text: The room has big windows with views of other surrounding
dialog: glass offices.
dialog: 95.
text: Nicole sits next to Nora who looks amazing in an expensive,
text: fitted power suit and heels. Behind them sits, Amir,
dialog: Nora’s associate.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I don’t need to see the photos--
dialog: Although I’m sure they both look
dialog: beautiful--
text: Bert grins at Charlie who seems to be sweating through his
text: wool blazer. They sit across the wide table. Bert’s
text: associate Nell behind them in a chair by the window.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: It’s my client’s expectation that
dialog: after this TV show is completed,
dialog: the parties will move back to New
dialog: York where they currently keep an
dialog: apartment--
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: And it’s my understanding that
dialog: Charlie PROMISED Nicole that they
dialog: would spend more time in LA during
dialog: the marriage but because of
dialog: Charlie’s insistence that his work
dialog: keep them in New York, Nicole
dialog: ended up staying much longer than
dialog: she ever anticipated. In fact, a
dialog: few years ago, Charlie was offered
dialog: a residency at the Geffen
dialog: Playhouse that would have taken
dialog: his work and family to LA for a
dialog: year and he turned it down knowing
dialog: full well that this was Nicole’s
dialog: desire.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: He wanted to maintain consistency
dialog: for his family and his child.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Was this the same consistency he
dialog: wanted to maintain when they went
dialog: to Copenhagen for six months so he
dialog: could direct a play?
text: An assistant has her head in the door trying to get Amir’s
dialog: attention.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: So, while I understand that
dialog: CHARLIE lives in New York and when
dialog: it’s convenient for his work
dialog: schedule, flies out here to see
dialog: his son--
speaker_heading: BERT NORA
text: He flies out here every (looking at Charlie)
dialog: chance he gets at great I don’t see any reason you
dialog: expense-- can’t be out here full-time.
text: Amir acknowledges the anxious assistant and interrupts.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: Oh... Sorry. Do we want to
dialog: contemplate lunch--I’1l order now
dialog: so it’1l come when we’re all
dialog: hungry?
speaker_heading: BERT AMIR
dialog: Good idea. Everyone good with Manny's?
speaker_heading: BERT NORA
dialog: I love Manny’s. (to Charlie)
dialog: Have you had Manny’s?
text: Charlie is taken aback, unsure how to process this
text: question. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You’1l love it, just really yummy
dialog: salads and sandwiches.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Great.
text: Amir passes out menus. Orders are made, Bert specifying no
text: butter or cream. It gets to Charlie, he’s unsure.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (re: the menu)
dialog: Hmm, I don’t know-- Sorry...
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (reflexively)
dialog: Charlie will have the greek salad.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: OK. But with olive oil and lemon
dialog: instead of the greek
dialog: dressing, and I‘'1ll get the
dialog: Chinese chicken salad.
dialog: 97.
text: Charlie nods, satisfied. Amir writes down the orders and
text: hands them to an associate who exits. Nora gets up to pour
text: herself and Nicole more coffee.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Congratulations, Charlie, on your
dialog: grant, Nicole told me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE BERT
dialog: (can’t help but smile) He’s a genius.
dialog: Thank you.
text: He tussles Charlie’s hair. Everyone laughs awkwardly.
text: Charlie blushes. Nicole smiles sweetly, sensing his
text: discomfort. Nora raises a mug, offering Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, thanks.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I told Nicole, I LOVED your play.
dialog: You are one smart cookie. I'd
dialog: love to get inside your brain!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: There was that one moment when you
dialog: smell the toast.
dialog: (to Amir)
dialog: Smell! It was literally my
dialog: favorite thing I saw that year.
dialog: Truly genius.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: I was sorry to hear it closed on
dialog: Broadway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: They couldn’t smell the toast.
text: Charlie looks at Bert, like why bring that up?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: It’s very competitive, I imagine.
text: Charlie nods. Nora places the coffee in front of Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (launching back in)
dialog: Now, whenever Charlie is in LA,
dialog: Nicole, of course, agrees that it
dialog: will best for Henry to see each
dialog: parent equally--
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: It’s nice out here, Charlie. You
dialog: should give it a chance.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: Yeah, and the space -- you can’t
dialog: beat it.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I love it too, but all of our
dialog: personal feelings about the two
dialog: cities aside, we don’t share your
dialog: assertion that the couple is an LA
dialog: based family. It was very clearly
dialog: their deal that they would go back
dialog: to New York after Nicole finished
dialog: her show.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I’m not aware of any deal.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (can’t help himself)
dialog: I didn’t get it in writing.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Charlie, is this like the deal you
dialog: made that you and Nicole would
dialog: spend more time in LA during the
dialog: marriage?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: We didn’t have a deal. It was
dialog: something we discussed...but...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: So, it’s a deal when it’s
dialog: something you want, but it’s a
dialog: discussion when Nicole wants it?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Sidebar!
text: (putting his hand on
dialog: Charlie’s arm)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: BERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Nora, is there a spare office,
dialog: where Charlie and I could sidebar?
scene_heading: INT. SMALLER CONFERENCE ROOM
text: A small, windowless, bare impersonal room with a table, a
text: phone, some left-out coffee cups and a plate with crumbs.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: (a bit overwhelmed)
dialog: Nora’s a very good lawyer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE BERT
dialog: Uh huh. (impressed)
dialog: Tough, right?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: And you're in a bind because
dialog: you’ve shown that you’re willing
dialog: to fly out here and rent an
dialog: apartment to see your son--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You told me to do that!
speaker_heading: BERT CHARLIE
dialog: I know that. And I'm doing that because I
dialog: want to see my kid. Not to
dialog: set a precedent.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Yes, but unfortunately you are
dialog: setting a precedent. And a judge
dialog: may look at it that way.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What's the alternative? I stay in
dialog: New York and never come out here?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: No, because then it will look to
dialog: the court like you don’t care
dialog: about seeing your son.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Court or no court, stop saying
dialog: court and then never court!
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Well, the way this is going, we
dialog: might have to go to court.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you aware how maddening you
dialog: sound?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I am. And I know it seems unfair.
dialog: But imagine if you were a poor
dialog: mother abandoned by her husband
dialog: who refuses to pay anything.
dialog: That’s what the system is trying
dialog: to protect people from.
text: Charlie nods.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Listen, if I were representing you--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You are representing me.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Right, no, of course. I don’t see
dialog: a judge moving this child from LA--
dialog: I think we try to settle today--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Settle meaning... what?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: She gets LA, but--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (upset)
dialog: No, Bert... just NO. I mean, we
dialog: have to win this?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Remember, the win is what’s best
dialog: for Henry. And if you guys go to
dialog: court, he’1ll get pulled into it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If he stays out here and I stay in
dialog: New York, that’s just, then I
dialog: won’t, I’ll never get to really be
text: his parent again.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: It'll be different.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It won’t exist!
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Maybe you move here. You heard
dialog: what Amir said about the space.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Fuck the space, Bert. FUCK THE
speaker_heading: SPACE.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: I’1l do whatever you want me to
dialog: do, but this is my advice. I’ve
dialog: seen these things go on and on and
dialog: the burden of these battles is
dialog: immeasurable. I had a client get
dialog: colon cancer and die before he and
dialog: his wife came to agreement.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What about filing in New York?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: It’s too late and even if you did,
dialog: I don’t think it would matter.
dialog: They’re being reasonable
dialog: financially. You’re lucky they’re
dialog: not asking for half of your grant
dialog: money--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She wouldn’t do that. She knows,
dialog: I put all that money back in my
dialog: theater.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: If this continues, she might.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: The actors and crew all rely on
dialog: that money, they have families and-
dialog: - A court would never agree with
dialog: this, right?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Whether they do or not, it’1ll cost
dialog: you half your grant money anyway
dialog: to go to court and prove it.
text: Charlie deflates.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I feel like a criminal.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: But you didn’t commit any crime.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It doesn’t feel that way.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: If we give on LA right now and try
dialog: to make the best deal possible, I
dialog: think we can get her to give on
dialog: some other fronts.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There are no other fronts. This
dialog: is the thing.
dialog: (suddenly emotional)
dialog: He needs to know that I fought for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BERT CHARLIE
dialog: He’1l know. (dismayed)
dialog: I don’t--
dialog: I should never have let her
dialog: come out here with Henry.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: If it wasn’t LA and New York it
dialog: would be something else. You'd be
dialog: fighting over a house or school
dialog: district or... It’s like the joke
text: about the woman at the hairdresser
dialog: who's going to Rome--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE BERT
text: A woman is at her
dialog: hairdresser’s and she says,
dialog: “Oh, I’m going to Rome on
dialog: holiday” and the hairdresser
dialog: says--
text: Charlie stares at the clock on the wall.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: “What airline are you taking?”
dialog: And she says, “Al Italia.” And he
dialog: says, “Oh that’s the worst airline
dialog: I’ve--"
text: He continues the joke as Charlie observes the second hand
text: moving around the circle. Finally:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry, Bert, but am I paying
dialog: for this joke?
text: Bert hesitates.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: No matter what happens here, it’s
dialog: temporary. He’s growing up, he’s
dialog: going to have opinions on the
dialog: subject. Time is on your side,
dialog: Charlie. Maybe he’1ll do college
dialog: on the East Coast.
text: CUT TO: Henry’s face. He’s talking animatedly about how
text: much money he has in his piggybank.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I have my quarters and dimes at
dialog: Daddy’s, but I’m keeping my
dialog: dollars and my one twenty with
dialog: you, OK?
text: Charlie watches him.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S RENTAL APARTMENT. EVENING
text: Nicole's face is on the computer screen in front of Henry.
text: He’s doing Face Time with her.
text: The place is small and mostly bare with furniture that came
dialog: with it.
text: CLOSE: A bill from Bert’s firm for 25 thousand dollars.
text: Charlie sits at a table with a stack of bills, legal
text: letters, and a checkbook open. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (0.S.)
dialog: Goddamn it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What's goddamn it?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Did you lose power where you are?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dad, did we lose power?!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: It’s back on now. There are
text: rolling blackouts in the hills but
text: now the gate won’t close.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Her gate won’t close!
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: EXT. NICOLE’S NEW HOUSE, ECHO PARK. NIGHT
text: Nicole stands outside in the dark. The gate is wide open.
text: Charlie appears from the shadows holding Henry’s hand.
text: Henry runs and hugs his mom.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You tried all the--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I tried everything.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can I look at my room?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Of course.
text: Henry runs inside. They remain outside.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry I made you come It's fine--
dialog: out--
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: It’s just-- You don’t want your gate
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There should be a panel or
dialog: something either inside or--
text: She stands in the threshold, blocking his path. She points
text: toward a white box amongst trees in the yard.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I think this is something--
text: He steps over some bushes and inspects the alarm system.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s a cute house.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: (pleased) I mean, from what I can see.
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You’re getting shaggy.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, I have to find a haircutter.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Do you want me to cut it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I'll get scissors.
scene_heading: EXT. NICOLE’S PORCH
text: Charlie, shirtless, a towel around his shoulders, sits very
text: still on a chair. Nicole cuts his hair. The porch light
text: illuminating.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Close your eyes.
dialog: Charlie does.
text: CLOSE on the scissors snipping across his shut eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. NICOLE'S NEW PLACE. ECHO PARK, LA. NIGHT
text: Nicole carries the sleeping Henry. They both smile at the
text: sweetness. Henry stirs.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: He’s out. Maybe he should stay
dialog: here tonight--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s my night.
text: She nods and hands him to Charlie.
text: CUT TO: Charlie and a tired Henry pull on the gate. Nicole
text: helps, dragging from the other side. It starts to close.
text: They yank it shut, closing her in and them out. We CUT
text: QUICKLY between them both just as it closes. We stay with
dialog: her.
dialog: Fade to Black.
text: The sound of a couple loudly arguing in Spanish.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: INT. LOS ANGELES COURTHOUSE, HALLWAY. MORNING
text: A man and woman are shouting at each other. The lawyers
text: trying to separate them. Various benches are filled with
text: the other divorcing couples, men and women sitting apart
text: from one another with their individual representatives.
text: In their midst, Nora and Nicole sit on a bench in the wide,
text: dingy hallway. Amir sorts through documents nearby.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I think we’re mostly finished.
dialog: Bert and I hammered out ninety-
dialog: percent of the details, there’s a
dialog: couple minor things hanging that
dialog: should be easy and then the judge
dialog: will make your divorce official.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: OK, good--
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I hear the tracking for your show
dialog: is off the chain--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh, I don’t even know what that
dialog: means, but good I guess--
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I made sure the date of separation
dialog: came AFTER the pilot pick-up to
dialog: protect that money--
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Fuck me.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: What?
text: She follows Nora’s gaze to Jay Marotta who marches down the
text: hallway, conferring with Charlie.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: It’s not television. It’s not a
dialog: wise judge played by a great
dialog: character actor. These are just
dialog: people open to manipulation like
dialog: anyone else. You think it’s
dialog: justice, but it’s not.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Who is that?
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Charlie shouldn’t have done this.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: What do you mean? Where’s Bert?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It means everything we’ve agreed
text: upon is now off the table.
text: Jay and Charlie take a bench a ways away. Jay says Hi to
dialog: some other lawyers.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: But, we’ve got LA, right--
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Not with Jay Marotta representing
dialog: him. This is a street fight now.
dialog: And I'm going to have to ask for
dialog: things we wouldn’t normally ask
dialog: for. We’ll need as much leverage
dialog: as possible to negotiate with.
text: Nora rises with a pinched smile--
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: This system rewards bad behavior.
text: --and greets Jay.
text: Nicole looks over at Charlie who doesn’t meet her eye.
scene_heading: INT. COURT ROOM. DAY
text: The low hum of a copier machine and periodic mouse-clicks
text: from a computer.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: A little history.
text: Jay speaks in front of the judge who clearly has a bad
text: cold. Charlie sits at the end of the table with Ted, the
text: associate. Nicole is at the corresponding end of an
text: adjacent table next to Nora and Amir.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Ten years ago, Charlie takes a
dialog: risk when he first hires Nicole as
text: an actress in his play in New York
dialog: City.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s a well regarded, up and
dialog: coming director of the avant garde
dialog: and she’s known as the girl in
dialog: that college sex movie who takes
text: her top off.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: My client will not be slut-
dialog: shamed for an artistic
dialog: choice.
text: Nora takes a moment.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Charlie has just received
dialog: the enormous sum of six
dialog: hundred and fifty thousand
dialog: dollars in the form of a
dialog: MacArthur grant for the
dialog: theater work he has
dialog: conducted during the
dialog: marriage.
speaker_heading: NORA
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Ten years on and many
dialog: prestigious theater roles
text: later, she’s become an
dialog: actress of great
dialog: credibility. And because of
dialog: this credibility, she’s
dialog: offered a lead roll ona
dialog: major television show.
dialog: new opportunity in her
dialog: is thanks to Charlie. Your
dialog: honor, I don’t see why we
dialog: should be paying any support
dialog: money at this point. In
dialog: fact, Charlie should be
dialog: entitled to half of her TV
dialog: salary, present and future
text: earnings on the show.
dialog: This
dialog: life
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Of which he gets in 125
dialog: thousand installments over
dialog: five years, money that is
dialog: used to employ actors and
dialog: crew members and to pay back
dialog: debts he’s accumulated with
dialog: his theater company that
dialog: stars his wife.
dialog: By Jay’s same logic, this is work
dialog: that Nicole contributed to in
dialog: numerous ways. Not
dialog: give up a lucrative
dialog: career in movies to
dialog: little theater, she
dialog: Charlie with a loan
dialog: help out.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Which he paid back--
dialog: only did she
dialog: and successful
dialog: perform in his
dialog: also supplied
dialog: early on to
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: She lent her name to the
dialog: Marquee and was the
dialog: principle reason people came
text: to the theater.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: JAY NORA
dialog: That may have been true ten She, in turn, helped
dialog: years ago-- establish Charlie's
dialog: reputation.
text: Charlie looks over at Nicole. She looks down.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Over the next ten years she was
dialog: subsequently offered parts in
dialog: movies, TV shows, most of which
dialog: she turned down at Charlie’s
dialog: bequest to be a mother and to act
dialog: in his plays. Now, while we’re
dialog: willing to be flexible on support
dialog: we contend that half of Charlie’s
dialog: grant money should be split
dialog: between the parties.
text: Charlie looks at Jay.
dialog: oh,
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: I don’t see how you can claim that
dialog: she gets half a grant dedicated to
dialog: his genius.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: He became a genius during the
dialog: course of the marriage.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA NORA
dialog: come on, Nora. Charlie, himself, upon
dialog: hearing he received the
dialog: prize, told Nicole it
dialog: belonged to her too.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: That’s something people say when
dialog: they win awards.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No, he was implying what was true:
dialog: his genius was an intangible asset
dialog: built during the marriage.
text: Charlie and Nicole both stare at the floor.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Nora, I like how you refer to
text: Charlie’s theater as a ramshackled
dialog: downtown dump when you’re arguing
dialog: custody, but when you want more
dialog: money, Charlie’s a big rich genius
dialog: Broadway director. You can’t have
dialog: it both ways.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Why not? And whether you think
dialog: it’s fair or not, Jay, the first
dialog: monetary installment from the
dialog: MacArthur grant was then put in a
dialog: joint marital account and thus
dialog: became community property so this
dialog: and any further installments
dialog: should be split between the
dialog: parties.
text: Jay whispers to Charlie.
dialog: Jay turns
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Fuck. You shouldn’t have put that
text: money in the joint account.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There’s not going to be anything
dialog: left anyway, I’m using it all to
dialog: divorce her...
text: back to Nora.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Nora, I have to say your account
dialog: of this marriage takes place in an
text: alternate reality. By suddenly
text: MOVING to LA, and insisting on an
dialog: LA residence, Nicole is
text: withholding Henry, alienating him
dialog: from his father. This has turned
text: Charlie’s world upside down. It
text: amounts to an ambush.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Withholding, Jay? Really?
dialog: Alienating. Those are fighting
dialog: words and it is simply false and
dialog: does nothing to further our
dialog: settlement. Your recap of this
dialog: situation is outrageous.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: And although California is,
dialog: without doubt, a no-fault state,
dialog: it does bear mentioning in the
dialog: accurate recap of this situation
dialog: that Charlie had had extramarital
dialog: affairs--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: AN extramarital affair.
text: Nora turns and stares at Charlie.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Do you really want me to go there?
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Let’s go there. Nicole has
dialog: admitted to HACKING Charlie’s
text: computer and reading his emails.
text: Nora turns to Nicole who shrugs. Jay stands.
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: Which if proven is a felony. And
dialog: Nora, I don’t think you’1l be happy
dialog: if I start to ask Nicole about her
dialog: alcohol consumption in the evenings--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAY MAROTTA
dialog: She confided in Charlie one night
dialog: recently, having just carried
dialog: Henry to bed, that she was having
dialog: trouble standing while walking
dialog: down the staircase. From what I
dialog: understand this was not an
dialog: isolated event. You let me know,
dialog: Nora, otherwise we'll go there as
dialog: needed.
text: Jay sits back down. Nicole stares at Charlie who looks
dialog: humiliated.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Charlie, can I ask you: How can
dialog: you expect to have more time with
dialog: Henry when you don’t exercise the
dialog: time you have AND exercise it
text: responsibly.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: On a recent visit to Los Angeles,
dialog: after failing to text, call or
dialog: communicate in any way, shape or
dialog: form, Charlie finally arrived two
dialog: hours late to pick up Henry at
text: Nicole’s mother’s house. At that
dialog: point the car seat which he
dialog: assured Nicole had been
dialog: professionally installed was
text: clearly not even belted in, just
text: sitting on the back seat.
text: Jay turns to Charlie.
scene_heading: JAY MAROTTA CHARLIE
dialog: You have to buckle the seat I know that. I thought the
dialog: in, man, it’s the law. car rental place did it.
scene_heading: JAY MAROTTA CHARLIE
dialog: They can’t do it, it’sa I know that NOW! Once we
dialog: liability-- discovered that, we fixed
dialog: it.
text: The judge wipes his runny nose and interrupts--
dialog: Charlie's
speaker_heading: CUT TO: A
dialog: politely.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (to Jay and Nora)
dialog: Counsel, you can see my courtroom
dialog: is full and there are people who
dialog: don’t have the resources your
dialog: clients have. And I’m fairly
dialog: certain you haven’t exhausted in
dialog: good faith the arguments in the
dialog: case of this child. In the
dialog: meantime, we'll keep the status
dialog: quo. This remains an LA family
dialog: for the time being.
text: face drops.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I took over this department
dialog: recently and am still becoming
dialog: acquainted with the cases so I’m
dialog: going to appoint an expert
dialog: evaluator who knows much more
dialog: about young children than I do.
dialog: Once the evaluation is done we'll
dialog: modify the orders where necessary.
text: door opens revealing Nicole. She smiles
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Hey.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S RENTAL APARTMENT. DAY
text: Charlie, somewhat formally, ushers her in.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where’s Henry?
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: He’s with Cassie and her You want something to drink?
dialog: kids at Laser Tag.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I have unfiltered tap water, beer
dialog: and some juice boxes.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I’1l have a juice box.
text: He goes into the kitchen. She looks at his rental place.
text: It makes her sad.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You don’t have anything on the
dialog: walls.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t have anything to put on
dialog: them except Henry’s art which is
text: being framed.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I can give you some things, you
dialog: know until you get some stuff...
dialog: How about that great picture of
dialog: Henry on the Staten Island Ferry--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Aren't you in that one?
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, right, I guess I am. Oh, I’m going to have to
dialog: (shrugs) leave a day early to go to
dialog: I guess you can cut me out? New York on the 22nd so I
dialog: was wondering if I could
dialog: take Henry that Friday--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: The 22nd? So, that’s the 21st?
dialog: We have plans actually. We’re
dialog: going to this thing at LACMA with
dialog: the cousins--
dialog: 114.
text: He reappears and hands her a juice box.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: But could you change it so I It’s only that night. He’s
dialog: can take him-- looking forward to it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: It’s my night, Charlie, we
dialog: negotiated it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: (coldly) I mean...what?
dialog: OK. Fine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, I’m just asking you to be
dialog: flexible--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I AM flexible. You come in and
dialog: out and I adjust based on your
dialog: schedule. This one night we
dialog: happen to have to have tickets to
dialog: a thing. I mean...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s not only this one night, but
dialog: fine...
text: She opens the straw, and uses it to puncture the hole and
text: sips the drink.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
text: Henry’s teacher wants to meet with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You mean his LA teacher--
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: Can you respond to the email Yeah, I’ve been distracted.
dialog: so we can set a time?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I understand. They just want to
dialog: rule out everything, you know,
text: with his reading.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think he’s just over-anxious. I
dialog: think he wants it so much.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: I know, he quits too easily They said he’s off the
dialog: if things aren’t easy for charts in math.
dialog: him. You know, he’s like
dialog: us, he’s stubborn.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: He’s still a lousy Monopoly player
dialog: because he tries to save all his
dialog: money.
text: Charlie laughs. Nicole smiles.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: So... I thought we should talk.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Uh huh. I feel like maybe things
dialog: have gone too far.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I mean, my mom has taken out a
dialog: loan against the house to help me
dialog: pay Nora-
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I thought I pay Nora.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You pay thirty percent of Nora.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, I’m going broke too if
dialog: that’s any help. I’ve just agreed
dialog: to direct two shitty plays and we
dialog: can forget putting anything away
dialog: for Henry’s college.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (trying not to take the
dialog: bait)
dialog: It’s just that...up until now
dialog: we've been able to keep Henry at
dialog: least somewhat removed. And this
dialog: will change that.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Uh huh. And we have to protect him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I agree.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Nora says the evaluator will come
dialog: into our homes. She’ll interview
dialog: Henry in addition to us, our
dialog: family, friends, enemies... And
dialog: then she’1l observe us with him,
dialog: how we are as parents.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sounds awful.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I know! I feel like if anyone
dialog: observed me on any given day as a
dialog: mom, I’d never get custody.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That was a joke.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know. I feel the same way.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Right. So, maybe we can figure
dialog: something out between us--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’1l remember I said this to you
text: at the beginning.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I know you did, but these are
dialog: different circumstances--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: I was anticipating these Mm hm. Anyway... Shall we
dialog: circumstances-- try this?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There’s a
text: long silence. They both laugh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know how to start...
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Do you understand why I want to
dialog: stay in LA?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, that’s not...Charlie, that’s
dialog: not a useful way for us to start--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t understand it.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You don’t remember promising that
dialog: we could do time out here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We discussed things. We were
dialog: married, we said things. We
dialog: talked about moving to Europe,
dialog: about getting a sideboard or what
dialog: do you call it, a credenza, to
dialog: fill that empty space behind the
dialog: couch. We never did any of it.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: And you turned down that It wasn’t something I
dialog: residency at the Geffen that wanted. We had a great
dialog: would have brought us here theater company and a great
dialog: and-- life where we were.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You call that a great life.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know what I mean.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: Me discovering you're Don’t pretend you’re not
dialog: fucking Mary Ann-- capable of deception. You
dialog: left Ben for ME.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t mean we had a great
dialog: marriage. I mean, life in
dialog: Brooklyn... Professionally. I
dialog: don’t know. Honestly I never
dialog: considered anything different.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, that’s the problem isn’t it?
dialog: I was your wife, you should have
dialog: considered my happiness too.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come on! You WERE happy. You’ve
dialog: just decided you weren’t now--
dialog: We did say
dialog: I thought-
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (not taking the bait)
dialog: So, OK, let’s... I work here now.
dialog: My family is here.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And I agreed to put Henry in
dialog: school here because your show went
dialog: to series. I did that KNOWING
dialog: that when you were done shooting,
dialog: he would come back to New York...
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Honey, we never said that. That
dialog: might have been your assumption,
dialog: but we never expressly said
dialog: that...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: it. When did we say it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know when we said it, but
dialog: we said it!
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: (remembering something)
dialog: We said it that time on the
dialog: phone--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Let me finish. Honey--
text: (hesitates, angry at
dialog: herself)
dialog: Sorry, I keep saying THAT.
dialog: (resumes )
dialog: I thought...that if Henry was
dialog: happy out here and my show
dialog: continued, that we might do LA for
dialog: a while.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I was not privy to that thought
dialog: process.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: The only reason we didn’t live
dialog: here was because you can’t imagine
dialog: desires other than your own unless
dialog: they’re forced on you.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: OK, you wish you hadn’t married
dialog: me, you wish you'd had a different
dialog: life. But this is what happened.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (trying to stay calm)
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Nora says there’s no coming back
dialog: from this.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Fuck Nora. I hate fucking Nora
dialog: telling me I always lived in LA
dialog: even though I never lived in LA.
dialog: How could you have her say those
dialog: things about me?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Jay said them about me too!
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: You shouldn’t have fired Bert.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I needed my own asshole!
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Let’s both agree both of our
dialog: lawyers have said shitty stuff
dialog: about both of us--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nora was worse.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: Jay called me an alcoholic! You pulled the rug out from
dialog: under me and you’re putting
dialog: me through hell--
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: You put me through hell Is that what that was?
dialog: DURING the marriage! Hell?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: And now you're going to put Henry
dialog: through this horrible thing so you
dialog: can yet again get what you want.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s not what I want...I mean,
dialog: it’s what I want, but it’s what
dialog: was...WAS...what’s best for him.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I was wondering when you’d get
dialog: around to Henry and what HE
dialog: actually wants.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, fuck off--
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: No, YOU fuck off. If you listened
dialog: to your son, or anyone, he’d tell
dialog: you he’d rather live here.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Stop putting your feelings He tells me he likes it here
dialog: about me onto Henry. better.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He tells you because he knows it’s
dialog: what you want to HEAR!
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: He tells me you’re on the phone
dialog: all the time. You don’t even play
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: Because I’m going through a You're fighting for
dialog: divorce in LA and trying to something you don’t even
text: direct a play in New York. WANT.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Which closed because I wasn’t
dialog: THERE! That was a HUGE
dialog: opportunity for me. For the
dialog: theater. And I let everyone down.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You’re being so much like your
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: DO NOT compare me to my father.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I didn’t compare you. I said you
dialog: were acting like him.
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're exactly like your mother!
dialog: Everything you complain about her,
dialog: you’re doing. You’re suffocating
dialog: 
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: First of all, I love my I’m just repeating what
dialog: mother, she was a great you've told me--
dialog: mother!
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Secondly, how dare you compare my
dialog: mothering to my mother? I might
dialog: be like my father, but I’m NOT
dialog: like my mother.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You ARE! And you’re like my
dialog: father. You’re also like MY
dialog: mother. You’re all the bad things
dialog: about all of these people. But
dialog: mostly your mother. When we would
dialog: lie in bed together, sometimes I
dialog: would look at you and see HER and
dialog: just feel so GROSS.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I felt repulsed when you touched
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: You’re a slob. I made all The thought of having sex
dialog: the beds, closed all the with you makes me want to
text: cabinets, picked up after peel my skin off.
dialog: you like an infant--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You'll never be happy. In LA or
dialog: anywhere. You’ll think you found
dialog: some better, opposite guy than me
dialog: and in a few years you’ll rebel
dialog: against him because you need to
dialog: have your VOICE. But you don’t
dialog: WANT a voice. You just want to
dialog: fucking complain about not having
speaker_heading: a VOICE.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I think of being married to you
dialog: and that woman is a stranger to
dialog: me.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: You’ve regressed. You've We had a child’s marriage.
dialog: gone back to your life
dialog: before you met me. It’s
dialog: pathetic.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: People used to say to me that you
dialog: were too selfish to be a great
dialog: artist. I used to defend you.
dialog: But they’re absolutely right.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: All your best acting is You gaslighted me. You’re a
dialog: behind you. You’re back to fucking villain.
dialog: being a HACK.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You want to present yourself as a
dialog: victim because it’s a good legal
dialog: strategy, FINE. But you and I
dialog: both know you CHOSE this life.
dialog: You wanted it until you didn’t.
text: Nicole is silent.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You USED me so you could get out
dialog: of LA.
speaker_heading: NICOLE CHARLIE
dialog: I didn’t use you-- You did and then you BLAMED
dialog: me for it. You always made
dialog: me aware of what I was doing
dialog: wrong, how I was falling
dialog: short.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Life with you was JOYLESS.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: So you had to fuck someone else?
dialog: How could you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You shouldn’t be upset that I
dialog: fucked her, you should be upset
dialog: that I had a laugh with her.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Do you love her?
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No! But she didn’t hate me. You
dialog: hated me.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You hated ME. You fucked someone
dialog: we worked with.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You stopped having sex with me in
dialog: the last year. I never cheated on
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: That was cheating on me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But there’s so much I could have
dialog: done. I was a director in my 20's
dialog: who came from nothing and was
text: suddenly on the cover of fucking
dialog: Time Out New York. I was hot
dialog: shit—-and I wanted to fuck
dialog: EVERYBODY and I didn’t. And I
dialog: loved you and didn’t want to lose
dialog: you...and I’m in my twenties and I
dialog: didn’t want to lose that too. And
dialog: you wanted SO much so fast...I
dialog: didn’t even want to get
dialog: married...and fuck it, there’s so
dialog: much I DIDN’T do.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, thanks for that.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’re welcome. You’re...welcome.
text: Nicole stamps her feet and shakes her fists like a child
text: having a tantrum.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I can’t believe I have to know you
speaker_heading: FOREVER!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’re fucking insane!
text: Charlie raises his arm and punches the wall. The cheap dry-
text: wall cracks and chips.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And you're fucking winning.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Are you kidding? I wanted to be
dialog: married. I’d ALREADY LOST.
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: You didn’t love me as much as I
dialog: loved you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What does that have to do with LA?
text: Nicole stares at him, incredulous.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: What? You’re so merged with your
dialog: own selfishness that you
dialog: don’t even identify it as
dialog: selfishness anymore. YOU'RE
text: SUCH A DICK.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Every day I wake up and hope
dialog: you’re dead-- Dead like--
text: And then Charlie starts crying.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: If I could guarantee Henry would
dialog: be OK, I’d hope you get an illness
text: and then get hit by a car and DIE.
text: He sinks down, weeping. All this vitriol has taken its
text: toll. Nicole watches, taken aback. She walks over and
text: gently puts her hand on his shoulder. He shakes and cries.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I know.
text: Finally, he looks up at her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: SET DESIGNER (V.O.)
dialog: Try the chair by the window...
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S RENTAL. DAY
text: Charlie gets a delivery of rental plates, glasses,
text: furniture, plants. He stands on his balcony directing the
dialog: delivery men.
text: Charlie set-decorates his rental. He Skypes with Agnes,
text: his set designer from the theater. Holding out the
dialog: computer to show her the apartment.
text: He buys a stack of board games with Henry.
text: He and Henry get Henry’s drawings at framer.
text: They hang the art-work.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why do we have so many plants all
dialog: of a sudden?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We'll have to return some of this
dialog: stuff so don’t get too used to it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: My mom is the last person to turn
text: into a plant on her show.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (nervously touching a
dialog: fern)
dialog: I find plants kind of scary.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: These plants are good guys.
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Hey, tomorrow this woman is going
dialog: to come and visit us and be with
dialog: us while we eat dinner.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Is it your girlfriend?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, no...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Mommy's boyfriend?
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, why...does Mommy have a
dialog: boyfriend?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t know. Does she?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t know. Why is someone
dialog: watching us eat dinner?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know, it’s weird. It’s just
dialog: something we have to do which has
dialog: to do with Mommy and me figuring
dialog: out everything...and how we’re
dialog: going to be and...you know?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Will you read to me?
text: Charlie and Henry lie down on the floor against the blank
text: wall and Charlie starts reading to him.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Any history of domestic violence?
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. DAY
text: We STAY on Nicole who sits facing an unseen evaluator.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh... No. You mean coming from
dialog: me? No. Not coming from him
dialog: either...
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Have you been to prison?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Yes, actually. Well, not prison.
text: Jail. But it was deliberate.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I was demonstrating as part of a
dialog: Grandmothers for Peace rally. I
dialog: was with my mom, but she didn’t go
dialog: to jail.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: OK.
dialog: with?
dialog: OK.
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (laughs, remembering)
dialog: Somehow she avoided that part.
dialog: But I did.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Do you use drugs or alcohol?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I drink alcohol.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: How much alcohol do you drink?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I don’t know. Glass of wine with
dialog: dinner. Sometimes more?
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: How much more?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, sometimes, a few... I
dialog: sometimes split a bottle of wine
dialog: with someone?
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.) NICOLE
dialog: Who do you split it I mean, if I’m having dinner
dialog: with someone and we order a
dialog: bottle of wine.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.) NICOLE
dialog: You know, like if you’re at
dialog: a restaurant and you say,
dialog: “Should we go by the glass
dialog: or get a bottle?”
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: You get a bottle.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Sometimes! Sometimes I go by the
dialog: glass. You know, it depends...
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Do you mean drugs ever? I have
dialog: done drugs. In college. I don’t
dialog: do it regularly.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Anything since you've been a
dialog: mother?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Pot a few times. Coke once at a
dialog: party. But Henry wasn’t with me.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: What would you say are your
dialog: strengths as a parent?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I listen. I play. I put in the
dialog: time. I love taking care of him,
dialog: watching him grow up... Sometimes
dialog: it’s true what they say about it
dialog: goes so fast, but sometimes it’s
dialog: not. Sometimes it goes too slow,
dialog: honestly...
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: What are your weaknesses?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I’m too precise. I care too much.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Are those weaknesses?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Maybe not.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: You know what, he can be an
dialog: asshole and I can get really
dialog: pissed off. I/’11 call him on
dialog: being an asshole and--
speaker_heading: NORA (0.S.)
dialog: I’m going to stop you there.
text: Nora stands up from behind the female associate who is
dialog: doing the practice interview with Nicole. We’re in Nora’s
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Don’t ever say that. People don’t
dialog: accept a mother who drinks too
text: much wine and yells at her child
dialog: and calls him an asshole. I get
dialog: it. I do it too.
text: While she talks she also texts and addresses emails on her
dialog: phone.
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: We can accept an imperfect Dad.
dialog: Let’s face it, the idea of a good
dialog: father was only invented like 30
dialog: years ago. Before that fathers
dialog: were expected to be silent and
dialog: absent and unreliable and selfish
dialog: and we can all say that we want
dialog: them to be different but on some
dialog: basic level we ACCEPT them, we
dialog: LOVE them for their fallibilities.
dialog: But people absolutely DON’T accept
dialog: those same failings in mothers.
dialog: (building up steam)
dialog: We don't accept it structurally
dialog: and we don't accept it spiritually
dialog: because the basis of our Judeo-
dialog: Christian Whatever is Mary Mother
dialog: of Jesus and she’s PERFECT. She’s
text: a virgin who gives birth,
text: unwaveringly supports her child,
text: and holds his dead body when he’s
text: gone. But the Dad isn’t there.
dialog: He didn’t even do the fucking
dialog: because God’s in heaven. God is
dialog: the father and God didn't show up
dialog: so you have to be perfect and
dialog: Charlie can be a fuck up and it
dialog: doesn't matter. You’1ll always be
dialog: held to a different, higher
dialog: standard and it’s FUCKED up, but
dialog: that’s the way it is.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S RENTAL APARTMENT. EVENING
text: Charlie is cooking an elaborate dinner. The bell rings.
text: He takes a deep breath.
text: He glances into Henry’s room. He’s playing by himself on
dialog: the floor.
text: He walks through the set-decorated living room which looks
text: relatively homey, full of warmth and board games and
text: pictures of Charlie and Henry.
text: Charlie opens the door. A diminutive woman with frizzy
text: hair is staring at the door across the hall. She startles,
text: turns around and smiles and puts out her hand.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: I think I rang the wrong bell.
dialog: Nancy Katz.
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: Hi, I’m Charlie Barber. Nancy,
dialog: can I get you anything?
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Oh, I’m easy. A glass of water?
text: Kitchen. Charlie opens up a cabinet. Plates. He opens
text: another cabinet. Pots. A third cabinet. Empty. Finally
text: he finds glasses in a low cupboard. He glances back at the
text: evaluator who waits patiently.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: It’s a new apartment.
text: Charlie and Nancy take their drinks to the dining room
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Shall we go in here?
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Sure. What’s a day like for the
dialog: two of you here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, if he has school, I take him
dialog: there, of course and pick him up,
dialog: assuming I can do both.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: What prevents you from picking him
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Um, you know, work. I’m preparing
dialog: a play I’m directing in a few
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Oh, what is that?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Kasimir and Karoline by Odon von
dialog: Horvath? We’re doing it at the
dialog: Barrow in New York.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: So, you have to be away?
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes. Recently, since Nicole has
dialog: been working on this show in LA, I
dialog: come back and forth a lot.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: That sounds difficult.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It is. And expensive. I’11 try
dialog: to take him with me some of the
dialog: time, but Nicole doesn’t like for
dialog: him to fly so much.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: That can be hard on a child. All
dialog: that recycled air.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, he’s sturdy.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Some parents won't take their kids
dialog: to a restaurant because of these
dialog: super bugs.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE EVALUATOR
dialog: Uh huh. (looking at her notes)
dialog: I notice on one visit to Los
dialog: Angeles, you came on a
dialog: Sunday and left ona
dialog: Thursday. Why not stay for
dialog: a weekend?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh...on that time, I had tech for
dialog: Electra back in New York.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE EVALUATOR
dialog: It was my Broadway debut. I don’t know what tech is.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s the technical part of the
dialog: production. You figure out the
dialog: lights and--
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR CHARLIE
dialog: (moving forward) (still explaining)
dialog: And what's a weekend day Monday is our day off in
dialog: like? theater--
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (discovering his mouth is
dialog: dry)
dialog: Well, out here he has basketball
dialog: on Saturday at 12, 11, I’m sorry
dialog: and so we go there.
dialog: (swallowing)
dialog: And then afterwards, maybe we’1ll
dialog: get lunch somewhere and then if
dialog: there’s a movie to see...
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Does he like basketball?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He does. His coach, um, Rick says
dialog: he’s a good dribbler and I’ve seen
dialog: that...
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ron. I’m sorry. His coach’s name
dialog: is Ron. Rick’s his dentist in New
dialog: York.
text: The evaluator writes something in her book.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, you know our home home
dialog: was...is in New York. That’s
dialog: where we live and--
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: New York is a long way from here.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We like it because we can walk.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: You can walk here.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: And the space.
text: Charlie nods.
scene_heading: CUT TO: HENRY’S ROOM
text: Henry plays on the floor. The evaluator sits in a chair.
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Do you like your school?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I love it.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: What's your favorite part about
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t know. Maybe gym.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: You like math--
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Math is boring.
text: Charlie enters and hands Henry a plate with cut-up apple.
text: Henry takes it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’re welcome. But you’re
dialog: getting really good at it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, you are, but...
text: Charlie exits.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: What do you and your Dad like to
dialog: do together?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: When I’m at my Dad’s we sometimes
dialog: watch a movie or build a Lego or
dialog: something. My Dad’s a great Lego
dialog: builder.
text: Nancy smiles.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Charlie listening at the door, smiles.
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR (0.S.)
dialog: And at your mom’s?
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: At home, I have most of my toys
dialog: and-
text: Charlie bristles at the word “home” used to describe
dialog: Nicole's.
speaker_heading: HENRY’S ROOM
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: --there’s a pool and I have a tree-
dialog: house and jungle gym. We play
dialog: lots of games. We have Super
dialog: Secret Treasure Hunt which is
dialog: really fun.
scene_heading: Cut TO: KITCHEN
text: Charlie is making ground meat and potatoes and spinach. He
text: has a lot of burners going at once, making a mess.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sweetheart, do you want to help me
text: set the table.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Do I have to?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Just come in here and grab a plate
dialog: and--
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: I’m playing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Henry!
speaker_heading: HENRY’S ROOM
text: Henry plays with his men on the floor. The evaluator sits
text: in a chair nearby.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: O-K.
text: Henry gets off his chair and goes into--
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
dialog: Uck.
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why are you being like this?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If I ask you to help out, help
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (eating something from
dialog: the pan)
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s special meal.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What are the green things? There
dialog: aren’t green things in special
dialog: meal.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s just a garnish.
speaker_heading: HENRY CHARLIE
dialog: Here, I’1ll take it off.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t want to eat anything it
dialog: touched.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It doesn’t change the taste of
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I might want to be a vegetarian.
dialog: Mom's a vegetarian.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is she a vegetarian now?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (prickly)
dialog: Well, then you should like
dialog: garnish. It’s all garnish,
dialog: vegetarianism.
dialog: 136.
text: Charlie looks over. Nancy stands, watching, in the
text: threshold of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: I’m done with my water.
text: She returns her water to the sink.
speaker_heading: DINING AREA
text: Charlie and Henry eat. Nancy sits with them.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You sure you don’t want anything?
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: No, I’m fine, thank you.
text: They eat in silence. The evaluator observing.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Do the thing with the knife.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No...I’m not...no.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Come on!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s not a dinner thing.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s not an anytime thing.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: What's the thing with the knife?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It’s hilarious.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No...it’s dumb. I have a small
dialog: knife on my keychain. Which is
dialog: only for adults. I do a thing
dialog: with it sometimes...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You said I could get a knife.
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: A jack-knife, yeah. When you're
dialog: older.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Like ten.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, like twenty.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Charlie watches the evaluator’s face closely, trying to
dialog: discern something, anything.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Charlie and Henry do his homework. Henry is sounding out a
dialog: word.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dime, rime, lime, pime, sime--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Honey, stop guessing. You’re so
dialog: close, stay with it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (lying on his back)
dialog: Ugh, I don’t want to do it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s the first letter?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don’t want to do it. Can I do
dialog: the iPad?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No. Just look, what’s the first
dialog: letter?
speaker_heading: HENRY CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t want to. It’s a T. What sound does T
dialog: make.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Tuh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Right and then just do the rest of
dialog: it.
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dime.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No! You have “Tuh” and “ime.”
dialog: What is that?
text: Henry takes a piece of tape and puts it on his mouth.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Time. It’s time.
text: He looks at the evaluator. She nods. Henry rolls over
text: onto his front, playing dead.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’1l see, honey, one day it’s
dialog: just going to click and you’1l be
dialog: able to read everything.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (through the tape)
dialog: I need a break. Can I play in my
dialog: room?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sure.
text: Charlie tries to kiss him on lips. Henry gives him his
text: head. Charlie kisses the top of his head. Henry runs out.
text: Nancy is looking at the crack in the wall from Charlie’s
text: punch. Charlie clocks this. Silence.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Do you ever observe married
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: No, why would I?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I was kidding.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Oh.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The knife thing is, I carry this
dialog: knife on my keychain which his
dialog: mother got me actually--
dialog: 139.
text: He takes out his key-ring and shows her the X-Acto knife.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: --and I’d do this thing for his mom--
text: He clicks open the knife.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where I pretend to cut myself, but
dialog: I retract the blade--
text: He pantomimes cutting his arm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But I don’t do it with him...
text: The evaluator stares at Charlie with horror. Charlie
text: hesitates and follows her gaze. Dark red blood streams
text: down his arm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh...that’s fine.
text: It’s really bleeding. He covers it with his hand, the
text: blood spreading between his fingers.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Are you OK?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Yeah, I must not have retracted
text: the blade all the way.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Do you need--
text: Blood is getting over everything. He lowers the sleeve on
text: his oxford shirt to cover the wound. Red blots immediately
text: soak through the cotton.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah...yeah. No! I’m fine.
text: (smiles at her and
dialog: crosses his legs)
dialog: What else can I tell you?
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: I think I have enough.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (again trying to talk
dialog: casually)
dialog: You got enough?
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: (winces)
dialog: Are you sure you’re OK?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Totally. I’m fine.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Well, I’1l leave you guys for
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, OK...
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: I‘1l be in touch if I have further
dialog: questions.
text: She stands and gathers her things while Charlie grabs her
text: coat from a chair and holds it out to her, his left shirt
text: arm growing crimson. She takes it, trying to avoid the
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Thanks.
text: She climbs into her coat, Charlie nominally helping out
text: with his good arm, and moves toward the door.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Thank you for the water.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, yeah, sure.
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: You’re sure you’re OK?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (too loud)
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: EVALUATOR
dialog: Bye bye.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Bye.
text: She tries to open the door, but it’s locked. She turns a
text: bolt and another latch but it still won’t open.
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, let me--
text: Charlie rushes over and undoes the bolt. She tries to get
text: out of the way of the blood, while he reaches his long arms
text: around her to do this, putting them both in a strangely
text: intimate proximity. He pulls and it won’t open.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think you turned--
text: He does the latch and finally it opens.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sorry.
text: She flushes and smiles awkwardly and slips out, closing the
text: door behind her.
text: Charlie runs into the kitchen, swaying, leaning against the
text: wall for support. His shirt is now soaked in blood. He
text: rolls up his sleeve, and runs cold water on his arm. He
text: winces. Watery blood fills up the pots and pans in the
text: sink mixing with whatever bits of remaining food.
text: He finds a small box of band-aids in the cupboard and opens
text: about seven of them and tries to cover up the wound. But
text: it’s still really bleeding. He wraps his arm in paper
text: towels, sweat now sliding down his face and soaking his
text: armpits. He drops to the kitchen floor and lies down on
text: his back in exhaustion and pain.
text: Two small bare feet step over him and pad over to the
dialog: refrigerator.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dad, are you OK?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, I’m just tired.
text: Charlie rolls over onto his arm, hiding it from Henry. The
text: sound of milk being poured into a glass. Then the feet re-
text: approach and step back over Charlie. Little drips of milk
text: whiten the floor.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: Dad, did she like us?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (from the floor)
dialog: Yeah, she thought we were great.
dialog: 142.
dialog: Fade to Black.
scene_heading: INT. NICOLE’S NEW PLACE. ECHO PARK, LA. DAY
dialog: Cassie, Sandra and Nicole sing “You Could Drive a Person
dialog: Crazy” from the musical, Company -- The tight harmonies are
text: sung a capella, and there are dance moves to go along with
dialog: it.
text: The group of people watching includes kids and an agent,
dialog: cast and crew from her show and family -- it’s a
text: housewarming party.
dialog: (The house looks very different from the home she shared
text: with Charlie. More color, more patterns, more hippy-dippy,
dialog: more lamps, more her. It’s how she likes it.)
text: They finish their song and everyone applauds, kind of to be
dialog: polite, but also because it was seriously, strangely great.
scene_heading: INT. NICOLE’S KITCHEN. LATER
text: Nora pops the cork on a big bottle of Cristal.
text: Nicole is getting food together for the guests, pulling
text: saran wrap off platters. She leaves cabinet doors open
text: which she maneuvers around. Kids run through the room
text: playing. Guests enter to grab drinks, etc.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I want your mom!
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh really? Yeah--
text: Nora makes a heart symbol with her hands and leaps up on
text: the kitchen counter, swinging her feet and drinking
text: champagne like a teenager.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: So, because Charlie dropped his
dialog: claim to New York, we’re mostly
dialog: done. Jay’s lost interest and
text: Ted, his associate, is doing the
dialog: paper work.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: And we're not taking any money,
dialog: right?
dialog: 143.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: We withdrew the claim for the
dialog: MacArthur, which I think we could
dialog: have gotten by the way, and
dialog: they’re not asking for any of the
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (clinking glasses)
dialog: OK, good. Thank you for
dialog: everything, Nora
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You’re welcome, doll.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And when Charlie’s in LA, I got
dialog: the custody breakdown to be 55/45,
dialog: so you'll have Henry one extra day
dialog: every two weeks...
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I thought we made it equal.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I tweaked it at the last minute.
dialog: I just didn’t want him to be able
dialog: to say he got 50/50.
speaker_heading: NICOLE NORA
dialog: But I don’t-- Bragging to his friends.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: --want to do that.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Take it! You won.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Uh huh.
scene_heading: INT. NICOLE’S KITCHEN, LA. DAY
text: CLOSE on Nicole writing her signature. She uses the last
dialog: name (her maiden name) Ryder.
text: Nicole sits at her kitchen table in LA.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND NICOLE'S APARTMENT, NEW YORK. DAY
text: CLOSE on Charlie writing his signature.
text: Charlie sits on the floor of his half-empty apartment.
dialog: 144.
scene_heading: EXT. FLATBUSH AVENUE, BROOKLYN. DAY
text: An ASPCA guy approaches him smiling.
speaker_heading: ASPCA GUY
dialog: You look like a guy who really
dialog: cares about animals--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nope.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDROMAT, BROOKLYN. DAY
text: He watches a mother and father with a young baby in the
dialog: stroller.
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP, BROOKLYN. DAY
text: Charlie sits in a barber’s chair getting a haircut.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT. NIGHT
text: Charlie enters the same restaurant we saw everyone at for
dialog: the closing night party so many months before.
text: He sees Mary Ann and Terry and a couple of other actors. A
text: piano player, actors singing, performing.
text: He joins his old group. The gang is happy to see him. He
text: opens a tab at the bar for everyone.
text: They all sit at a booth, having been drinking for a while
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: .»..and the couch was technically
dialog: hers pre-marriage, but, I mean, it
dialog: was OUR couch, it’s not like I was
dialog: going to BUY another couch but
dialog: then when it comes time to split,
dialog: it’s suddenly HER couch and I have
dialog: no couch and-- I’m sitting on the
text: floor is the short version.
dialog: (waves his hand)
dialog: I’m sorry. This is all so self-
text: pitying and boring.
speaker_heading: TERRY CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, no, no, sounds really No, it’s all stupid. I’m
dialog: tough. sorry.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: No, it’s sad.
dialog: 145.
text: The piano player plays the opening notes of a song.
text: Charlie recognizes it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: “Someone to hold you too close...”
text: He gets up and walks to the piano.
text: People know who he is, and are intrigued to see what he’s
dialog: going to do.
text: Sings “Being Alive” from Company. It’s sloppy, but
text: surprisingly emotional and comes from a deep place. And in
text: the end is beautiful.
dialog: Fade to Black.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. SANDRA’S HOUSE, WEST HOLLYWOOD, LOS ANGELES. DAY
text: Charlie gets out of his rental car.
text: He knocks on the back door. No answer. He apprehensively
text: opens the screen door to the kitchen. Food is on the
text: stove. Music plays. It’s warm and welcoming.
text: But Charlie remains in the threshold.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hello?
text: He hears laughter from the other rooms. And then Henry
text: shouting excitedly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hello?
text: Suddenly Carter runs, breathlessly, into the kitchen. He
text: clutches a ray gun.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: You’1l never take me!
text: He sees Charlie and hesitates.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi. Sorry, the door was open.
text: Carter puts his finger up to his lips.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Shhh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh...OK.
dialog: 146.
text: The electronic sound of something bad happening. Carter’s
text: been hit in laser tag. Sandra runs in holding a gun.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I got you!
text: She hesitates when she sees Charlie.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Charlie, hi.
text: She comes forward and hugs him. It isn’t cold
text: particularly, but it isn’t what it was. Carter extends his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Carter.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: CARTER
text: Nicole’s still at work.
text: Silence. Then Henry enters.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Can I get a hug?
text: Henry hugs Charlie. Charlie smiles at everyone awkwardly.
text: CUT TO: Charlie, Sandra and Carter talk at the dining room
text: table. Nicole arrives from filming her show. Carter
text: rises, they kiss.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Good. Donny’s dead now. I shot
text: the scene where he merges with the
dialog: ficus.
text: Charlie grins.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: She got an Emmy nomination!
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She’s a great actress.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: No, for directing!
text: Charlie nods, a bit stunned.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I love it. Now I know what you
dialog: were so obsessed with all the
dialog: time.
dialog: (moving)
dialog: We should get ready!
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: We're the Beatles.
text: Everyone clomps upstairs. Charlie follows.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I didn’t really get a costume
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: You can be George Martin.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t need to be anything.
speaker_heading: CARTER NICOLE
dialog: You got to be something-- At least a ghost! I'’11 get
dialog: you a sheet--
text: Sandra and Carter hurry into different rooms, getting
text: ready. Nicole enters into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (0.S.)
dialog: We should leave soon! I’m saying
dialog: that as much for me as anyone
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I wanted to tell you, I took a
dialog: residency at UCLA. I’m going to
text: direct two plays in rep at Red
dialog: Cat.
text: Nicole reenters holding a sheet.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Oh...
dialog: 148.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So, I’1l be here for a while.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: That’s great.
text: But something strikes her as sad about it too.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You OK?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Yeah. It’s only good.
text: Sandra calls her for help with her costume. Nicole hands
text: Charlie the sheet and goes into the next room. Charlie,
text: alone, inspects the sheet. He notices the photos on the
text: wall have been swapped out with different ones. He hears:
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: “Charlie is...in...cr...” --
dialog: something -- "neat and I re-ly on
dialog: him to keep things in or-der.
dialog: He’s energy con...” -- I don’t
dialog: know what that word is --
text: Charlie drifts towards Henry’s room.
text: Henry, legs dangling off his bed, reads from a crinkled
text: loose leaf paper.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’re getting so good at reading.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: “He doesn’t look in the mirror too
dialog: of-ten. He cries eas-ily in
dialog: movies...”
text: Charlie hesitates and sits next to Henry on the bed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: “He is very self-suf--”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Self-sufficient.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: “--he can dar-n a sock--"
dialog: 149.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE HENRY
dialog: That means sew, like a hole-- “--and cook himself dinner
dialog: and ir--”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Break it into two parts.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Ur. On.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Not “ur” but “ire”
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: Ire. On.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Iron.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: “--a shirt. He rarely gets def-
dialog: eated (which I fell...feel like I
dialog: al-ways do). Charlie takes all of
dialog: my moods stead-ily, he doesn’t
dialog: give in to them or make me feel
dialog: bad about them. He’s a great
dialog: dress-er, he never looks em--” I
dialog: don’t know this one...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Embarrassing.
text: Nicole appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: “--embarrassing wh-ich is hard for
dialog: aman.” You read it now...
text: He hands it to Charlie. Charlie reads:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: “He loves being a dad, he loves
dialog: all the things you’re supposed to
dialog: hate, like the tantrums, the
dialog: waking up at night-- He
text: disappears into his own world. He
dialog: and Henry are alike in that way.
dialog: He can tell people they have food
text: in their teeth or on their face in
dialog: a way that doesn’t make them feel
dialog: bad. Charlie is self-made -- his
dialog: parents -- I only met them once --
dialog: but he told me there was--
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 150.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Charlie skips ahead for
dialog: Henry's benefit)
dialog: He’s brilliant at creating family
dialog: out of whoever is around. With the
dialog: theatre company he cast a spell
dialog: that made everyone feel included.
dialog: No one, not even an intern was
dialog: unimportant.”
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What’s an intern?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Like a helper. But who isn’t
dialog: paid.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why aren’t they paid?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: They’re young. They’re
dialog: learning... I don’t know, maybe
dialog: if they do a good job, they get
dialog: paid later?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: OK. Keep going.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: “He could remember all the inside
dialog: jokes. He’s extremely organized
dialog: and thorough. He’s very clear
dialog: about what he wants unlike me who
dialog: can’t always tell. I fell in love
dialog: with him two seconds after I saw
dialog: him and I’1l never stop loving
dialog: him...”
text: Charlie hesitates. He swallows. He’s crying.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: “,..even though it doesn’t make
dialog: sense anymore.”
scene_heading: EXT. PASADENA RESIDENTIAL STREETS, LA, LATE DAY
text: Henry, Nicole, Carter, Sandra are dressed as the Beatles
text: from Sgt. Pepper. Carter is Paul. Henry is Ringo. Nicole
dialog: is John. Sandra is George. Charlie’s a ghost. They’re
text: joined by Cassie and Sam and their kids, also dressed up.
text: The kids run from house to house trick-or-treating.
text: The adults linger and talk casually.
dialog: 151.
text: Henry, exhausted, is having trouble keeping his eyes open.
text: Nicole regards him. Charlie, his sheet on his arm now, is
text: saying goodbye to the family as Sandra takes off with
text: Cassie and Sam. He shakes Carter’s hand, it’s friendly.
text: Nicole hesitates then approaches Charlie.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: We were going to bring him to
dialog: dinner, but he’s wiped out. Do
dialog: you want to take him?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: It’s your night...
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: OK, good.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE NICOLE
dialog: I’1l drop him back in the Yeah, just text when you’re
dialog: morning? up and we'll figure it out.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (leaning down to Henry)
dialog: You’re going to go with your Dad,
dialog: OK?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: OK.
text: The boy wraps his arms around his Dad’s neck and Charlie
text: lifts him.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I love you, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I love you.
text: She kisses Henry’s face which rests on Charlie’s shoulder
text: and for a moment all three of their heads are nestled close
text: together. Then Nicole releases.
text: Charlie, holding Henry, advances toward his parked car.
text: Nicole watches.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Wait--
dialog: 152.
text: Charlie hesitates as Nicole hurries after him. She kneels
text: down in the middle of the street.
text: CLOSE: Charlie’s laces spill out on the pavement.
text: She tugs on one which he’s stepping on. She taps his calf.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Can you--
text: He lifts up his foot so she can retrieve the lace.
text: She ties his sneaker. Charlie watches.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thanks.
text: She nods. He hikes Henry up tighter in his arms and
text: continues toward his car. Nicole and Carter get in their
text: parked Subaru in the foreground.
text: The Subaru drives toward us and off-camera and then reappears
text: heading away from us now. As they pass Charlie and Henry, an
text: arm waves out the window. Charlie raises his hand back.
text: Nicole's car heads into the distance. Charlie stops at his
text: rental and digs for the keys in his pocket. Henry holds on.
text: All of them, Nicole and Charlie and Henry, are now recessed
text: into the landscape. The light is waning. We hold on the
text: wide tableau of the LA street and finally cut to black.
dialog: End.
dialog: 
