scene_heading: MARY QUEEN OF SCOTS
dialog: Screenplay By
speaker_heading: BEAU WILLIMON
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - CORRIDOR - DAY 1.
text: CLOSE on a CANDLE, its base ringed by dripped wax. It’s
text: perched on the sill of a small window, bathed in grayish,
text: early morning light.
text: A SNUFFER enters the frame and extinguishes the flame.
text: We PULL BACK to see the MAIDSERVANT who has just put out the
text: candle, moving onto the next candle in the long corridor,
text: snuffing it out as well. And onto the next when she HEARS...
text: The ECHO of footfalls and clanking swords. As THREE MEN round
text: the corner she steps back, head bowed, making room for them.
text: Walking briskly toward us are THOMAS ANDREWS (Sheriff of
text: Northamptonshire) flanked by two Earls - SHREWSBURY and KENT.
text: They pass by the Maidservant without acknowledging her. She
text: watches them go as they round another corner.
text: Andrews and his men arrive at a small door. A GUARD awaits
text: them. Upon their arrival the Guard fetches a set of keys from
dialog: his belt...
scene_heading: EXT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - DAY
text: Establishing - a foreboding, turreted castle rising from the
text: marshland of an adjacent river, surrounded by a moat. We hear
text: the UNLOCKING OF A BOLT as we CUT TO--
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - PRIVY CHAMBER - DAY
text: MARY STUART - Queen of Scots, Dowager Queen of France.
text: But we see her from BEHIND - her back to us. And this is
dialog: where we shall stay for now. Seeing events as she does,
text: following from just a few feet to the rear.
text: She is on her knees in prayer, joined by her CHAMBERMAIDS and
dialog: an OLDER MARY SETON (the younger version of whom we shall
text: introduce soon), facing a small window which overlooks the
text: landscape we just saw. As the heavy door pivots open,
text: revealing Andrews, she remains in prayer, her back to him.
text: He bows his head, then, with solemnity and respect--
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: It’s time.
text: Mary stands, as do her Servants. She’s wearing a long, black
text: satin gown. A white cap and laced veil against which her
text: dark, auburn hair is lustrous. It’s her hair that we’re drawn
dialog: to - since we’ve yet to see her face.
text: She goes to a side table and retrieves two carefully chosen
text: items, an ivory crucifix in one hand, a Latin prayer book in
dialog: the other.
text: Meanwhile one of the Maidservants loops a string of rosary
text: beads with a golden cross to a girdle at her waist. Another
text: fastens a gold chain around her neck, from which hangs a
text: medallion bearing the image of Christ as the Lamb of God.
scene_heading: EXT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - COURTYARD - DAY
text: From behind. Mary is being led across by the Earls and
text: Guards. She pauses to look up at the sky. The last time she
text: will feel the sun directly on her face.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS (0.S.)
dialog: Your grace.
text: She resumes following her escort, who have paused for her.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPTON COURT - COURTYARD - DAY
text: QUEEN ELIZABETH - from behind - walking alone, slowly, as if
text: in a daze. She looks up at the sky, then lowers her head. She
text: begins to sob. We can’t see her tears, but we can see her
text: body shaking.
speaker_heading: CECIL (0.S.)
dialog: Your grace.
text: We shift focus to WILLIAM CECIL on the far side of the
text: courtyard. He is her most trusted advisor on the Privy
text: Council - a persuasive, manipulative man who understands the
dialog: realpolitik of power and wields it well. From behind him, we
text: see Elizabeth quickly dry her tears.
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - LARGE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: We’re above and behind as Mary strides through a large set of
text: doors, her Ladies, Andrews and Guards in tow.
text: Down the hall a little SERVANT GIRL peeks around the corner
text: to get a glimpse. The MAIDSERVANT from the first scene grabs
text: her by the wrist and pulls her out of view.
text: Mary rounds the corner, taking us to--
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - GREAT HALL - DAY
text: A vast room filled with a hundred SPECTATORS. At the far end
text: of the room is a WOODEN STAGE.
text: The crowd parts. She heads directly for the stage, mounts the
text: steps to the platform where two MEN stand waiting for her.
text: Still behind her, from over her shoulder, we can see the
text: crowd staring up, a hundred solemn faces - the KNIGHTS and
text: GENTLEMEN OF NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. There is a low murmuring as a
text: number of men speak in hushed tones to each other.
dialog: It’s worth noting that this crowd is ALL MEN. The only women
text: in attendance are Old Seton and Mary’s two Ladies.
text: Mary’s back and the POV beyond fills the frame, but off-
text: screen we hear three KNOCKS of a cane on the wooden platform
text: to call the room to attention. A slight, barely noticeable
text: flinch from each knock as the room silences.
dialog: The Clerk of Elizabeth's Privy Council, ROBERT BEALE - reads
text: aloud off-screen. We only hear his voice--
speaker_heading: BEALE (0.S.)
dialog: By order of our sovereign
dialog: Elizabeth, Queen of England, Wales
dialog: and Ireland, Overlord of Scotland,
dialog: certified by her Privy Council and
dialog: Parliament, Mary Stuart is
dialog: condemned to death this day, the
dialog: eighth of February, the year of our
dialog: Lord one thousand five hundred
dialog: eighty-seven...
text: During which we CUT from face to face of Nobles in the
text: audience, all staring up at Mary in morbid fascination and
text: anxiousness. We are in Mary’s POV now.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: On Elizabeth’s back as a Guard opens the chamber door. The
text: COUNCIL stands and bows as she takes her seat. With a slight
text: gesture she instructs them to sit. Cecil steps forward.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: For your fellow Princes on the
dialog: continent - that they might know...
text: He places a letter before her. She glances over it. An
text: ATTENDANT brings her a quill and ink. She looks back up.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We will not ask God’s forgiveness
dialog: for that which is just.
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - GREAT HALL - DAY
text: We are still behind Mary. She stands. Two Earls remove her
text: outer garment - the black satin - revealing a crimson garment
text: beneath. The colour of martyrdom. A collective gasp.
text: We CUT TO Noblemen in the midst of the crowd, gazing at her
text: with disgust. One whispers to the other--
speaker_heading: MILDMAY
text: She thinks herself a martyr.
speaker_heading: KNIGHTLEY
dialog: Wretched woman.
text: BACK TO Mary. She turns to the Executioner - BULL. We remain
text: on her back. Bull bows his head in supplication--
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: I plead your forgiveness.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I forgive you with all my heart.
dialog: You shall make an end of all my
dialog: troubles.
text: Bull gestures to a cushion before her in front of the block.
text: As Mary kneels down she begins to recite a psalm in Latin--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Salve, Regina, Mater misericordie,
dialog: vita, dulcedo, et spes nostra,
dialog: salve.
dialog: Ad te clamamus exsules filii Heve,
dialog: In te Domino confido...
text: As she repeats the prayer the camera COMES AROUND to face
text: Mary for the FIRST TIME.
text: As we do, we hear a SURGE of surf on a shore, and once we
text: land upon her face, we are no longer in Fotheringhay
dialog: Castle...
dialog: It is 27 YEARS PRIOR and we are at--
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COAST - DAY
text: Mary kneeling on the sand in prayer. The water is surging up,
text: soaking her dress. She shivers from the cold but continues
dialog: her prayer.
text: The moment has the same solemnity as the execution sequence,
text: but the daylight and anticipation and Mary’s youth also
text: charge it with the excitement and danger of a new beginning.
text: As the surf retreats she leans down and kisses the sand - the
text: first time she’s touched Scottish soil since she was a girl.
text: Behind her we can see her ship anchored in the distance.
text: Several rowboats have been pulled up onto the shore - trunks
text: and other goods being unloaded by sailors.
text: A distressed look on Mary’s ashen face while she’s still bent
text: down, her face inches above the sand. She retches. Four women
text: quickly come to her aid.
text: They are the “Four Marys” - BEATON, SETON, FLEMING and
dialog: LIVINGSTON - Mary’s ladies-in-waiting and closest friends. We
text: hear concerned chatter among them as they attend to their
dialog: mistress.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: C’est fini.
dialog: (It’s passed.)
text: --which silences them. Mary cups her hand in the salt water
text: and brings it up to her mouth to wash her face clean. Seton
text: hands her a handkerchief. Mary dries her face then stands.
text: Horses are making their way onto the shore. On BOTHWELL - A
dialog: Scottish Lord and the Queen’s Champion. He has the hardened
text: bearing of a soldier accented by the flash of an adventurer.
text: He looks down the shore and sees figures in the distance -
text: PEASANTS cockle-picking. Near them is a small wagon with a
text: Clydesdale pony.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COAST - DAY
text: We're further down the shore with the PEASANT FAMILY now:
text: They include an OLDER MAN, TWO TEENAGE SONS and a LITTLE GIRL
dialog: - his daughter.
text: Bothwell is paying the OLDER MAN several coins as GUARDS are
text: emptying the wagon of cockles, dumping them on a pile in the
text: sand. Mary is nearby on foot beside her horse.
text: Mary looks at the old Peasant. A hard, poor life is evidenced
text: by the deep wrinkles in his face, a mouth turned inward by
dialog: lost teeth.
text: Then she looks to his DAUGHTER - in a dirty muddy burlap
text: frock - who does not bow. She’s only five years old, the same
dialog: age Mary was when she fled to France.
text: CUT TO the Nobleman helping the Four Marys into the peasant
text: wagon. Livingston holds a handkerchief to her nose, put off
text: by the fishy smell. The other three seem no less disgusted.
text: BACK TO Mary as Bothwell helps her onto her horse. Legs
text: astride, not side saddle. Once atop, she looks regal.
text: Bothwell mounts his horse and leads the small entourage
dialog: forward.
text: The little girl runs to keep up with it. Her father yells out
text: to her but she ignores him, running alongside Mary’s horse.
text: Mary and the little girl lock eyes. She sees a curious and
text: defiant fire in the girl’s expression which aligns with her
text: own curious and defiant flame.
text: Mary smiles at the girl. She smiles back, then stops. Mary
text: turns her eyes forward again, as if staring into her future.
text: Bothwell turns to her, in French--
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Tout cela correspond a4 vos
dialog: souvenirs?
dialog: (Is it how you remember it?)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Je m’en souviens a4 peine.
dialog: (I scarcely remember it at all.)
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - LONG GALLERY - DAY
text: In stark contrast to the rawness of the Scottish countryside,
text: we're in an opulent, formal chamber. RANDOLPH - the English
text: Ambassador to Scotland - stands before Elizabeth. Cecil is
text: off to her side. Dudley is to the other side, along with two
text: other LORDS. Elizabeth’s ladies sit on stools and pillows
text: near her feet.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
text: Her protector is Lord Bothwell, an
dialog: able soldier.
speaker_heading: CECIL
text: So she comes readied for war.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: She may well depart once married.
dialog: But I cannot profess to know her
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What says her brother?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
text: Moray is only her half-brother,
dialog: Madam. I believe his allegiance is
dialog: fully with us.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What proof?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: He pledges to protect the Church of
dialog: Scotland.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: And yet he has no power to make
dialog: such a pledge if he is no longer
dialog: Regent.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: The Nobles respect him.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: But can he control her?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: (directed at Cecil)
dialog: If she is like our Queen, she does
text: not yield to a bridle.
text: Giggles from the Ladies. Even Elizabeth is amused.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: So says our Master of the Horse.
text: More giggles from the ladies. Cecil doubles down--
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Dudley)
dialog: By bridle do you speak of
dialog: mounts...?
text: Dudley stiffens. This is a touchy subject to bring up ina
dialog: public setting, but Cecil will not allow himself to be
text: challenged by an inferior Lord. Then triples down--
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: .»..or do you speak of matrimony?
text: Elizabeth holds up her hand to silence everyone. Cecil has
text: gone far enough. He gives her a slight nod. She waits a beat
dialog: for solemnity to return, then--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Randolph)
dialog: You may tell Scotland that we wish
dialog: to love the Stuarts as our kin, but
dialog: they should love us in return.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Madam - if I may speak...
text: All eyes on Cecil.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: While she is on this island, she
dialog: must bow to you, not to Rome. Our
dialog: Catholics must know that a papist
dialog: will never again sit on the English
dialog: throne.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: She has offered to recognise my
dialog: rightful claim.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Only if you make her heir. We owe
dialog: her no such consolation.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What would you suggest?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (to Randolph)
dialog: Is it fair to say that Moray would
dialog: rather remain Regent?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: His discomfort would imply so.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (back to Elizabeth)
dialog: Let his discomfort feed hers. Kill
dialog: her hope. And hopeless she may
dialog: return to the comfort of the
dialog: continent.
text: Cecil switches tones.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course, if you should offer
dialog: love, perhaps your love will sway
dialog: her. But I do not know what mortal
dialog: would choose a Prince’s love over a
dialog: Prince’s crown.
text: It’s enough to convince her. She turns to Randolph--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Speak to her brother. Make our
dialog: demands clear.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Recognition without recompense.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: However you choose to convey it.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Aye, Madam - I shall go at once.
text: During which Cecil shoots Dudley a look. This is how you
dialog: bridle a Queen.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - EVENING
text: CLOSE on the EARL OF MORAY, Regent of Scotland and Mary’s
text: half-brother. He is atop a small bridge with windows on
text: either side as he watches Mary’s entourage approach beneath.
text: The castle itself looms above them all.
text: We can see a flurry of activity in the courtyard beyond him -
text: SERVANTS darting through the courtyard in preparation for the
text: Queen’s arrival, hurriedly lighting torches. On his face we
text: see tenseness. He’d rather none of this were happening.
text: Moray leaves the window to go and greet his sister.
text: TIME CUT to the Courtyard. TIGHT on Mary’s outstretched hand.
text: Then Moray’s face enters the frame and lightly kisses it.
text: We PULL BACK to see Moray kneeling before her, removing his
text: sword as he does so.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mon frére...
dialog: (My brother)
text: He stands and she embraces him. Bothwell watches from several
text: yards away. He and Moray lock eyes - mutual distrust - as
text: Moray and Mary embrace.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - HALLS - EVENING
text: Mary, Moray and the Four Marys make their way through
text: corridors and a series of chambers, some half-furnished and
text: being decorated for the Queen, others still bare. Everything
text: feels a bit ad hoc and rushed. The servants bow as Mary
text: passes. She soaks it in during the following exchange with
text: Moray - only vaguely familiar. On the whole she might as well
text: be laying eyes upon these rooms for the first time.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: You must be tired.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I am quite well.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Supper is being prepared. We can
dialog: have it brought to your chamber if
dialog: you like.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes, thank you.
text: A beat. Moray considers his next question, then asks it
text: casually, though it’s far from a casual question--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: How long will you be staying?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: At Holyrood?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: In Scotland.
dialog: 10.
text: She answers him just as casually, though like the question
text: itself, there’s nothing casual about it’s substance.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Are you already planning my
dialog: departure?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Of course not. We’ve long awaited
dialog: your return.
text: Moray turns to a servant - KATE, elderly - who has been
text: trailing behind them.
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Kate will show you to your
dialog: chambers.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: This way, Madam.
text: As Kate leads Mary and her Ladies down an adjacent hall,
text: Moray’s smile fades. He turns to Bothwell.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Do you intend to stay as well?
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: I swore an oath to the Queen’s
dialog: mother to protect her.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: She is well protected here.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: I shall uphold my oath just the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: And what reward does your loyalty
dialog: command?
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: I am driven by duty, not ambition.
text: A scoffing and dismissive half-smirk from Moray. He doesn’t
dialog: buy it for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: The room is lit by several candles, but still dim. It’s
text: completely empty. Mary looks around, taking in the bareness.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: We are having a bed brought from
dialog: town.
dialog: 10A.
text: Mary points to a wall, addressing the Servant--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My mother’s was here?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Yes, Madam.
dialog: 11.
text: And with this the Servant’s voice breaks. She can’t stop a
text: tear from rolling down her cheek.
speaker_heading: KATE (CONT'D)
dialog: My apologies...
dialog: Mary goes to her--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Her Majesty was too young to
dialog: recall...
text: (puts a palm to her chest)
dialog: ...but I was your wet nurse. You’re
dialog: so beautiful. Like your mother.
text: Mary offers her a warm, compassionate smile.
speaker_heading: KATE (CONT'D)
dialog: (embarrassed, to escape--)
dialog: With permission - I will make
dialog: certain the bed.
text: Mary nods. Kate exits the chamber. Mary turns to the Four
text: Marys, who are trying to hide their mortification at the
text: gloomy environs.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: A dire vrai, ce n’est pas une autre
dialog: France.
dialog: (It is no France.)
text: She offers this as humour, and the Four Marys force a laugh,
dialog: but it’s not very convincing. Then quite seriously--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mais notre devoir n’est plus 4 la
dialog: France. C’est ici qu’il nous améne.
dialog: (But our duty is no longer to
dialog: France. It is here.)
text: The Four Marys stop smiling. It’s a solemn reminder that
text: their lives are forever changed.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - RECEIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Mary is seated while an ARTIST paints a miniature portrait of
text: her. The Four Marys are overseeing ATTENDANTS who are in the
text: process of hanging tapestries on the walls. Mary is beginning
text: to make the place her own. Moray is with her.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Emperor Ferdinand looks to wed one
dialog: of his sons...
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Are we to bow to the Hapsburgs?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: They are a good family. Quite
dialog: powerful.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And would require me to leave
dialog: Scotland.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: A small price for such a favorable
dialog: union.
text: She turns to him--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Favorable for whom?
text: They lock eyes for a moment. On Moray, clenching his jaw.
text: Mary notices something on the far side of the room beyond
dialog: Moray. Stands--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Higher.
text: And we see she’s referring to one of the tapestries being
text: hung on the wall. The Attendants raise it a foot.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: This one.
text: Mary watches as the ATTENDANTS climb down from their ladders
text: and move the tapestry over to the new wall. As they place the
text: ladders, they raise the tapestry--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes. Thank you.
dialog: (to Moray)
dialog: Better - is it not?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: (stifling his annoyance)
dialog: I know nothing of these matters.
text: She takes his hand. Warmly--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You have done us a great service as
dialog: ward over this realm. We would be
dialog: wise to follow your example. Let us
dialog: dispense with marriage for now and
dialog: talk of governance. Those are
dialog: matters which you know far better
dialog: than myself.
text: He forces a smile.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: I appreciate your confidence in me.
text: She glances back up at the tapestry, decisive.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes. Hang it here.
text: She heads back over to sit before the Artist.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Continue.
speaker_heading: ARTIST
dialog: Chin higher.
text: We are TIGHT on the Artist’s POV as she tilts
text: We CUT FROM this visage of her face to--
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEENS CHAMBER - DAY
dialog: 13.
text: her chin up.
text: Her portrait. A small one. Held in the light by BESS OF
text: HARDWICK, Elizabeth’s lady in waiting.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S.)
dialog: What do you see Bess?
text: We PULL BACK. Elizabeth is studying the miniature along with
text: Bess as the other ladies in waiting make final adjustments to
text: Elizabeth’s appearance - placing rings on fingers, powdering
dialog: her face--
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: Charming. Fair - if the painter
dialog: does not lie. Arrogant, perhaps. I
dialog: do not like the look of her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Young. Clever.
dialog: (beat)
text: Confident.
text: Looks down at her hand as a Lady places a ring upon it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: She would have no trouble securing
text: a husband, even without her throne.
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: Nor would you, Madam.
text: Elizabeth turns to her, eyes flashing--
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: BESS (CONT'D)
dialog: Forgive me...
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - LONG GALLERY - DAY
text: COURTIERS are crammed into the room, waiting for Elizabeth to
text: emerge. This is one of the few times of the day that they
dialog: have direct access to the Queen. It’s all about jockeying for
text: position, being seen and seeing others.
text: Among those in court are the EARL OF LENNOX and his handsome
text: 17 year-old son, HENRY DARNLEY, straining to get a prime spot
text: near the door to the Queen’s chambers.
text: As Lennox tries to edge his way forward--
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: (to Darnley)
dialog: Come. Closer.
text: We SHIFT TO right by the door to the Queen’s chambers where
text: we find Cecil and Dudley. They have a prime position because
text: they will escort her to the privy council chamber. They speak
text: in low tones so as not to be overheard.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: She will not accept my hand.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You cannot be certain.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I know because I know her heart.
dialog: The moment I betray it with
dialog: ambition, I lose her heart.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Would you rather she lose her
dialog: crown?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You exaggerate.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (growing impatient)
dialog: How much blood has been spilled in
dialog: Rome’s name? If a Catholic Queen
dialog: bears a child before our own, have
dialog: no doubt that blood will spill
dialog: again. Muster your courage and save
dialog: us from her reticence.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: What you claim I lack in courage,
dialog: you lack in reason, sir. She will
dialog: not have me.
dialog: 14~.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Nor would I have a commoner be king
dialog: of England if we were not desperate
dialog: for an heir. But we must mould the
text: clay before us.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: I am no commoner.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Nor are you noble.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEENS CHAMBER - DAY
text: Bess adjusts Elizabeth’s hair. Elizabeth holds out her hand
text: and an attendant places a hand mirror in it. Elizabeth holds
text: up the mirror and looks at her own reflection.
text: We RACK FOCUS from the mirror to the portrait of Mary in the
text: background so that her blurred reflection and the portrait
text: are side by side in the frame. Elizabeth lets her gaze linger
text: on the portrait for a moment, we RACK FOCUS back to the
text: mirror as she looks at her face once again, then turns and
text: presents herself to her ladies. With a matter-of-fact,
text: discerning eye.
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: Aye.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - LONG GALLERY - DAY
dialog: We are with Cecil and Dudley again--
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You should bring it up with her
dialog: directly.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I have, many times.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Then there is your answer.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: On all other matters she follows my
dialog: counsel. I have her trust, but you
dialog: have her affections. However much
dialog: it pains me, I am not above
dialog: admitting you wield a power I do
dialog: not. You can succeed where I--
text: But before he can finish the sentence, the doors to the
text: Queen’s Chamber open, revealing Elizabeth.
text: The COURTIERS bow as they part to form a diagonal path across
text: the room. Elizabeth turns to Cecil and Dudley.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Cecil)
dialog: Good morning, William.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Madam.
text: She turns to Dudley, and saying it with far more warmth--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Robert.
dialog: 15A.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: (as warmly)
text: Resplendent.
dialog: 16.
text: Elizabeth smiles.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Would you?
text: He holds out his arm. She loops hers within his. They begin
text: to walk along the path, Cecil falling in closely behind them
dialog: with Bess and the Ladies.
text: A bit of jostling among the Courtiers to be closest to the
dialog: path. It’s not unseemly - they are Nobles and need to
text: maintain their dignity - but it’s noticeable.
text: As Elizabeth walks, she nods to some, ignores others. Lennox
text: presses forward, Darnley following. As Elizabeth approaches,
text: Lennox makes a show of a deep bow, but it goes intentionally
text: unnoticed by Elizabeth.
text: Lennox tries to recover by appealing to Cecil once Elizabeth
text: has passed, stepping out in front of him. He keeps his volume
dialog: low so as not to be overheard--
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: My Lord - I would ask our mistress
dialog: to beseech Queen Mary that I be
dialog: allowed to return to Scotland as
dialog: Earl of our ancestral--
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (the gall, full volume)
dialog: This is not the place.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: It would be wise to have a Catholic
dialog: servant there. My influence would--
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It is your influence which
text: emboldened papists here.
text: This is said loud enough for the entire room to turn its
text: attention to Cecil and Lennox, which is what Cecil wants.
text: Even Elizabeth turns and looks back. Lennox is red with
text: embarrassment. Cecil and Dudley continue on. Lennox looks
text: around and sees all eyes staring at him.
text: Elizabeth exits the room and the crowd begins to dissolve. In
text: low tones to his father--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: You humiliate yourself.
text: Without hesitation Lennox turns and slaps his son hard across
text: the face. Darnley reels, stunned. Lennox heads for the exit.
text: Now it is Darnley whom the remaining Courtiers are staring
dialog: at.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: TIGHT on a young Italian Man - RIZZIO - playing the
text: Renaissance Violin with accompaniment. He is comely, and a
dialog: talented musician.
text: The chamber is still in the process of being decorated - far
dialog: more modest in its architecture and furnishings than what we
text: saw in Hampton Court, but still brighter and more luxurious
dialog: than when we first saw the castle.
text: The Four Marys are staring at Rizzio with admiration, even
text: perhaps a bit of lust. He smiles at Livingston, who looks at
text: her feet while blushing. The other Marys giggle, drawing
text: attention from some of the NOBLES who are waiting in a line
text: to kiss Mary’s hand.
text: Among those passing by is MAITLAND - a high-ranking Noble,
text: diplomatic and innocuous on the surface, but a snake within.
text: He and Fleming lock eyes - an instant attraction.
text: Moray introduces the guests to Mary as they come before her--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: William Maitland of Lethington,
dialog: Secretary of State.
text: Maitland turns his attention back to Mary. Kneels down and
text: kisses her hand.
text: Next up is KNOX - a Protestant Cleric, severely dressed with
text: an even more severe manner.
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: John Knox, Church of Scotland.
text: As Knox bends down to kiss Mary’s hand, Rizzio screeches his
text: bow across the strings of his renaissance violin - a comic
text: sound. Knox turns back to Rizzio with disgust. The Four Marys
text: giggle, and Mary herself cannot help but smile.
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
text: A loose string.
text: Although this thin excuse does nothing to placate Knox. Moray
dialog: veers things back to business--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Let us begin.
text: The Lords sit down on chairs in a semi-circle around the
text: throne. Once they are settled, Mary addresses them in French.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Il est certain que beaucoup d’entre
dialog: vous ne vous alliez qu’ad regret a
dialog: une Reine Frangaise et Catholique.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (We are certain many of you are ill
dialog: at ease aligning yourself with a
dialog: French and Catholic Queen...)
text: Some of the other Lords look askance at each other in
text: reaction to her speaking a non-native language.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
text: (she abruptly switches to
dialog: Scots)
dialog: But your Queen is in Scotland now.
text: She pauses, letting her use of Scots sink in. Then--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: When my beloved Frangois passed to
dialog: God, I could have married any
dialog: number of suitors. Portugal.
dialog: Denmark. Sweden. Many others. The
dialog: Hapsburgs offered their sons.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I declined them all.
text: On Moray. He’d much prefer she be married off.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just as I would not have an
dialog: uncertain fate imposed upon myself,
dialog: I will not impose an uncertain fate
dialog: upon my subjects.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They remain free to worship however
dialog: they so choose, Catholic or
dialog: Protestant.
text: A look of surprise from the assembled Lords. This is not what
dialog: they were expecting.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: Elizabeth is at the head of the table. Cecil speaks on behalf
text: of his fellow Counsellors, which include Dudley and Randolph.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Her pronouncements mean nothing.
dialog: Whom she marries speaks louder than
dialog: any edict from the throne.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Randolph)
dialog: What say’st our Ambassador?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
text: She feigns disinterest, Madam...
dialog: 19.
dialog: Green Revisions (18.10.17) 20.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: Randolph - in stiff formality - concludes his report.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: She is formidable, Madam.
text: On Elizabeth - she grimaces at this assessment of her rival.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
dialog: Mary before her Lords, as before.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Pastor, you look displeased with
dialog: our tolerance?
text: A general nervousness flutters among the Lords, not least of
text: all with Moray, but Knox is not the least bit intimidated.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Any realm that is ruled by the Pope
dialog: is not tolerant, Madam. It is
dialog: enslaved--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Stand when I address you.
text: Knox makes a show of standing slowly, resolutely and saying
text: the following words with equally slow resolve.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: There is one true God. And
dialog: therefore one true religion.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Such rhetoric incites revolt.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: If a Prince strays from God’s will,
dialog: it is not in doubt that they may be
dialog: resisted. And in your case, as with
dialog: all women: their sight is but
dialog: blindness; their strength,
dialog: weakness; their counsel,
dialog: foolishness; their judgment,
dialog: frenzy. Are we to abide a papist
dialog: and a woman both?
text: Mary is stunned, but gathers herself to have the last, if
dialog: shaky, word--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well then, I perceive that my
dialog: subjects shall obey you, and not
dialog: me. And shall do what they like,
dialog: and not what I command. And so must
dialog: I be subject to them, and not they
dialog: to me.
text: Unwavering, and unmoved--
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: May I sit, Madam?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. You may remove yourself from
dialog: this council and my court.
text: A gasp of unease from the other Lords. Knox, with all the
dialog: pride he can muster--
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: My council is among the faithful
dialog: disciples I serve. We have as
dialog: little need of this court as it has
dialog: of us. I pray for your soul, Madam.
text: Knox slowly makes for the door, milking his exit.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Mary walks briskly with Moray. She can no longer contain her
text: rage - face flushed, speaking as briskly as she walks--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: I beg you to reconsider. He has the
dialog: trust of the people.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Did I not give deference to his
dialog: faith?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Yes. But we must be delicate.
dialog: Allegiance does not happen by
dialog: proclama--
text: She stops and turns to him, her rage frothing--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And where is his delicacy? That he
dialog: should speak to a monarch so? Would
dialog: he challenge Elizabeth thus?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: With what cause? He would welcome a
dialog: Protestant Queen. Which is
dialog: precisely why we must not push him
dialog: into her arms. Show him love.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You are wise, brother. There are
dialog: times for wisdom. And there are
dialog: times for love. But there are also
dialog: times for strength.
text: She continues on. Off Moray, swallowing his frustration.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTISH CHURCH - DAY
text: A sparse, undecorated place of worship, clearly Protestant.
text: Knox stands at a pulpit, delivering a sermon. The front rows
text: are filled with nobility, including Maitland, who is sitting
text: in the first row, listening with great interest.
dialog: 23.
text: As the rows progress toward the back they are populated with
text: MERCHANTS and PEASANTS. It’s a packed room, and some of the
text: peasants are forced to stand in the rear by the open door to
text: the street. This is part religious fervor, part retribution
dialog: at having been removed from court--
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: (with force)
dialog: We have a scourge upon our land.
dialog: ‘Tis worse than pestilence or
dialog: famine. ‘Tis worse than the Roman
dialog: pagans or Egyptian pharaohs. ‘Tis a
text: woman with a crown who only
dialog: pretends to worship Christ when in
text: truth she kneels before the Pope.
dialog: We will not bow as she does.
text: Murmurs of approval from the congregation. Knox’s charismatic
dialog: forcefulness picks up steam--
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: We do not pray to false idols. We
dialog: do not take instruction from Rome.
dialog: We resist those who would tempt us
dialog: with indulgences. Deny those who
dialog: worship luxury. Respect not those
dialog: who flaunt their excesses...
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: The Four Marys are helping Mary undress. The room is now well-
text: appointed with furniture and tapestries.
speaker_heading: KNOX (V.O.)
dialog: ...who whore themselves to wealth
dialog: and the degradations of the flesh.
text: Mary taps Fleming’s cheek with her finger.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Alors, ici?
dialog: (What about here?)
text: The girls are laughing. Fleming blushing.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (taps Flemings’ nose)
dialog: Ici?
dialog: (Here?)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: (through her laughter)
dialog: Non.
dialog: (No.)
text: Mary puts a finger to Fleming’s lips.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Il vous a embrassé ici?
dialog: (Has he kissed you here?)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: Une fois
dialog: (Once...)
dialog: 
text: The others gasp, titillated.
speaker_heading: FLEMING (CONT'D)
dialog: .--Sans aller plus loin.
dialog: (...But no further.)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (turning to Beaton)
dialog: Et vous alors? Ils embrassent
dialog: comment, les Anglais?
dialog: (What about you? How well do the
dialog: English kiss?)
speaker_heading: BEATON
dialog: (smiling, embarrassed)
dialog: Madame...
text: Mary turns on a dime, suddenly serious.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What matters have you discussed
dialog: with the Ambassador between your
dialog: kisses?
text: A chill between them all. The undressing has halted.
speaker_heading: BEATON
dialog: Méme s’il y a de l’amitié entre lui
dialog: et moi--
dialog: (We are friendly, but I--)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Fleming)
dialog: Or you - with my Secretary of
dialog: State.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Madame - vous savez que nous--
dialog: (Madam - you know we--)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: In Scots.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Our loyalty is to you alone.
text: Mary warms, thawing the chill--
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I jest. I know you love me.
text: But was she jesting? They resume undressing her.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just be wary of these men. Their
dialog: love is not the same as their
dialog: respect.
text: The Mary’s remove layer upon layer, down to her smock. After
dialog: several beats--
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Might I ask - since we have not
dialog: known it ourselves...
dialog: (gathers the courage)
dialog: What is it like...?
dialog: Less ashamed to complete the question than Fleming to ask--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: To have a man?
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Atop the bed with drapes drawn for privacy. Elizabeth with
text: Dudley. Her sleeves have been removed. The farthingale
text: beneath her dress bulges up as they sit side by side.
text: Dudley gently pushes the smock sleeve up Elizabeth’s forearm,
text: revealing the skin of her wrist. He brings it to his mouth
text: and kisses the underside. Elizabeth closes her eyes, shaking
text: from the touch. Lips on skin is forbidden and thrilling.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: I have only lain with Frangois...
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Mary with the Marys. They’re still undressing her--
speaker_heading: MARY
text: He shook terribly from fright. As
dialog: did I. The poor boy did his best...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH SCENE 35--
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BANQUET HALL - NIGHT
text: MUSIC rises from a DANCE. Two hands, palms flat to each other
text: - a man and woman's...
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: .--but it was over before it began.
dialog: 26.
text: BACK TO Mary in her bedchamber with the Marys--
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: So you never...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. We tried but once.
text: BACK TO the Banquet Hall - TIGHT on Mary’s glowing face,
text: flushed from the thrill of a man’s touch--
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: Yet I found myself...stirred, a
dialog: wanting like none other...
text: We PULL BACK to see that she’s dancing with Bothwell--
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: Not so much for him...
text: Then gliding to another Nobleman, then another, her face
text: warmed by the music and hundreds of candles that fill the
text: room. As she whisks between the men--
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: ..-but for the thing itself...the
dialog: touch...skin upon skin.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: The MUSIC from the DANCE continues as--
text: Dudley is kissing Elizabeth’s nape, beginning to unloosen her
text: corset, but Elizabeth pulls away.
text: Dudley reluctantly lets go of the strings. Takes Elizabeth’s
text: hand and brings it between his legs.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Do you feel my passion?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Quiet Robert.
text: The music slows to something more elegaic and sparse as she
text: withdraws Dudley’s hand. Disappointment on his face. Silence.
text: We POP to Bess and the Ladies in Waiting outside the drapes,
text: tilting towards the drapes to see if they can overhear the
text: whispers within.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: The Marys are rapt, gathered around Mary as she sits on the
text: foot stool of her bed, now down to her smock.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I should like to marry again. To
dialog: know what it means to have a man
dialog: fully. But...
text: And we see her shift from revery to cold prudence--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: -..-not if I am owned.
text: The music STOPS. A beat. Mary stands.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shall we sleep?
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: You're early...
text: Following Seton’s gaze, Mary looks down. Sees a splotch of
text: blood seeped through at her groin.
speaker_heading: BEATON
dialog: I’ll get a fresh cloth.
text: As Beaton gets up we TIME CUT TO--
text: Mary surrounded by the Marys. Beaton with a swaddle in hand.
text: Seton with a basin and damp cloth.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Levez les bras.
dialog: (Lift your arms.)
text: Mary lifts her arms, the three remaining Marys avert their
text: eyes as they begin to raise her smock above Mary’s head, for
dialog: no mortal is allowed to see a sovereign nude.
text: CUT TO TIGHT on Mary's bare legs beneath the groin. We see a
text: trickle of blood running down the length of her thigh to the
text: knee. Seton washes the blood away with the damp cloth.
text: CUT TO TIGHT on the basin as Seton wrings the cloth, blood
text: clouding the water within.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: TIGHT on two hands barely touching on white linen - their
text: pinky fingers grazing one another--
speaker_heading: DUDLEY (0.S.)
dialog: Do not ask this of me.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S.)
dialog: If you wed her she is ours.
text: We PULL BACK to see Elizabeth and Dudley laying side by side,
text: still fully clothed. They talk low so as not to be heard.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: And what of us?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What us?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You, Elizabeth. And I, your Robert.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: One of those is a Prince. The other
dialog: is...
text: She does not finish. He waits, then--
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Is what?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Is merely my Robert.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: (with a hint of
dialog: bitterness)
dialog: Merely.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: With Mary you too become a Prince.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: If I am Noble enough to marry one
dialog: Queen, I am noble enough for
dialog: another.
text: Dudley moves in - Elizabeth withdraws.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Elizabeth... I know it cannot be.
dialog: (repeating himself)
dialog: I know it cannot be.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: England is not Scotland.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - ANTE ROOM - DAY
text: Rizzio is escorted into the room by an Attendant, a DOG
text: circling at him, barking loudly. He holds his lute high as
text: the dog leaps up, nipping at it.
text: It’s late Autumn. Rain pelts the windows. They approach Mary
text: and her four ladies seated on the ground before the fire - an
text: indoor picnic with a sumptuous lunch.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Worry not. She’s harmless...
dialog: 28A.
text: Mary whistles. The DOG runs over to her. Mary feeds her a
text: piece of meat from her plate. She pets the dog affectionately
text: as she devours the meat.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: You requested music, your Majesty?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What accent is that?
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: Italian.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How is your command of French?
text: With spirit, he launches into a popular Arbeau chanson--
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: Belle qui tiens ma vie
dialog: Captive dans tes yeux,
dialog: Qui m'as 1’ame ravie
dialog: D'un sourire gracieux...
text: Mary and the others clap with approval. Rizzio bows.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is your hand as good as your
dialog: French?
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: My hand, Madam?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I must make love to a woman, and I
dialog: would have a man’s hand to help me.
dialog: One who is loyal like my friend
dialog: here.
dialog: --she says as she
scene_heading: TIME CUT to TIGHT
dialog: parchment. We see
dialog: Madame,
dialog: (Madam,
text: runs her hand through the dog’s fur.
text: ON Rizzio’s hand writing with a quill on
dialog: the words in French that we hear--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: ma bonne cousine...
dialog: my good cousin...)
dialog: We switch to English for the sake of clarity. And see Rizzio
text: seated at a small
text: table writing, Mary plucking grapes from a
text: bundle while she reclines on a rug, dictating the letter--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: We are two sisters bound by
text: womanhood, two Princes on the same
dialog: island,
dialog: and ruling side by side
dialog: must do with affection...
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: “In harmony” perhaps.
dialog: 29A.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes. I like that.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COLONNADE - DUSK
text: Mary walks along the colonnade as we see flakes of snow
text: floating down into the court. The Four Marys & Rizzio are
text: with Mary's dogs, that are playing in the snow in the middle
text: of the courtyard.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: ...-ruling side by side we must do
dialog: so in harmony. Not through a treaty
dialog: drafted by men lesser than
dialog: ourselves, but respecting each
dialog: other’s rightful claims granted by
dialog: God...
text: She places her palm out and lets a flake fall on it--
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
text: As the first snow falls to the
dialog: North...
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPTON COURT - DAY
text: TIGHT on the HOOVES of a HORSE walking through a fresh
text: blanket of snow as it continues to fall, leaving hoofprints--
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: ...it is the same snow that will
dialog: fall at your feet.
text: CUT TO from ABOVE as the riderless horse is being led to the
text: entrance by a GROOM, snow covering the ground.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: From the same heaven above, in
dialog: service of the same Lord...
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - DAY
text: TIGHT on the flat blade of a knife scraping along a length of
text: coloured paper, the paper curling as it does--
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: ..-And when the same spring flowers
dialog: for us both...
text: PULL back to see Elizabeth placing the curled paper into an
text: intricate quilling design of flowers on a painted board.
dialog: 30A.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: I hope we might meet in person,
dialog: that I might embrace you...
dialog: 31.
text: We TRACK UP to on Elizabeth’s face, warmed by the fire.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: .-+-and we might resolve our
dialog: destinies...
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Elizabeth is pacing, dictating a letter to a nearby SCRIBE--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We would delight in holding our
dialog: sister’s hand in ours. Already its
dialog: warmth can be felt with your
dialog: words...
text: A knock on the door. She looks over--
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPTON COURT - DAY
text: Elizabeth comes outside to the front entrance, where Dudley
text: and Randolph are already sitting atop their respective
text: horses, ready to depart on a journey, GROOMS nearby.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: Let us settle on a meeting place
dialog: before the summer brings
dialog: discomfort.
text: During the following, Elizabeth approaches Dudley. He looks
text: forlorn. Takes his hand in hers and kisses it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: Let our nations cherish each other
dialog: as we would - two Kingdoms united.
text: He opens his hand to find one of her quilled flowers within
text: it. It makes departing that much more difficult. She offers
text: him a bittersweet smile.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: Meanwhile accept this portrait as a
dialog: sign of thanks for yours...
text: But Dudley does not return the smile. He cannot hide his
text: unhappiness at being charged with this mission.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: And please accept this suitor who
text: presents both his love and mine.
text: As he begins to ride away, Elizabeth turns to watch him go,
text: and as the camera comes around on her we CUT TO--
dialog: 31A.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: Dudley presents the portrait of Elizabeth to Mary. Randolph
text: is in attendance, as are Moray and Maitland. Mary is
text: delighted to receive the gift - beaming with excitement.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: ...The Earl of Leicester - Lord
dialog: Robert Dudley.
text: Mary looks up from the portrait to address Randolph--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Do you think it might stand with my
dialog: honour to marry my sister's
dialog: subject?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (glancing to Dudley)
dialog: It is true that an Earl is not a
dialog: Prince...
text: We POP to Dudley, who looks miserable, then back to Randolph--
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH (CONT’D)
dialog: Surely there can be no greater
dialog: honour than to match yourself with
dialog: a Nobleman by whom you inherit such
dialog: a kingdom as England.
text: Moray perks up at this, as does Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I have such inheritance by blood,
dialog: regardless of who I marry or do not
dialog: marry.
text: A provocation. Moray is anxious. Randolph remains cool.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Dudley)
dialog: We must discuss succession before
dialog: marriage, not the other way around.
text: Randolph grits his teeth. This meeting is a failure for him.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: We hope we do not vex the Earl.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Not in the least, Madam. I am
dialog: grateful for your honesty.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Were I not a prince, I could not
dialog: hope for a finer and more handsome
dialog: man than you.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You save me from disgrace.
dialog: Off Mary’s look--
dialog: 32A.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I would be no more than a wretch
dialog: compared to the beauty you possess.
text: Mary laughs. With a flirtatious smirk--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We see why our cousin is so fond of
dialog: the Earl.
dialog: Then, on a dime, all business--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Randolph)
dialog: I shall respect Elizabeth's crown
dialog: as soon as she names me its
dialog: successor.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: The issue of succession is a--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: For two years now we have dallied
dialog: when the compromise could not be
dialog: clearer. Elizabeth need merely
dialog: agree to it.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Madam - my Queen will not be
dialog: pleased by your rebuff of the Earl
dialog: and your persistence regarding--
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If she has any concerns about this
dialog: proposal she may express them to me
dialog: directly. Plans proceed for us to
dialog: meet next month?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Aye, Madam. In York.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Very well. We shall accomplish far
text: more without envoys between us.
text: A slight to Randolph, and we can read it in his eyes. She
text: turns to Dudley again. Holding up the portrait of Elizabeth--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (back to Dudley)
dialog: How like is it unto your mistress’s
dialog: face?
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Elizabeth is in bed. She looks pale and sickly. Bess wipes
text: her forehead with a damp rag as Cecil addresses her. Randolph
text: and Dudley are with him.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: You must not meet with her, Madam.
dialog: False affections are one matter,
dialog: but giving her audience is--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What makes you think our affections
dialog: false?
text: Elizabeth’s voice is feeble from illness.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Affections aside, she remains
dialog: obstinate.
dialog: (glances to Dudley)
dialog: And rebuffs your chosen one.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What sayst thou, Robert?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: (falling in line)
dialog: I agree with Cecil’s counsel.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: We are all agreed Madam.
text: Elizabeth looks grim. Dudley gives a glance to Cecil,
dialog: indicating that perhaps they should go and let him handle
dialog: this.
dialog: 33A.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Rest well, Madam.
text: He and Randolph exit. Dudley remains. Sits down on the edge
text: of the bed and takes her hand and kisses it.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You shouldn't.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I survived it as a boy.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And if I should not survive?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: You will.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And even so - if my face is
dialog: scarred, will you still love me?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I would love you if you turned into
text: a fish.
text: Elizabeth starts to chuckle. Dudley brings his hands to the
text: sides of his neck to mimic a fish. She laughs more,
text: painfully. Then her brow furrows. Vulnerable--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Is she as beautiful as I hear told?
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: TIGHT on Mary’s face, windswept and vigorous, as she rides
text: through the lush, late spring countryside. Her entire
text: entourage is on the move. We see her taking in the beauty of
text: the land, a smile on her face as she basks in the sun.
dialog: The spell is broken by--
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Halt.
text: The entire party comes to a stop. Mary looks ahead and sees a
text: contingent of three horsemen galloping toward them from down
text: the road. Two appear to be soldier escorts. Bothwell races
text: ahead with four horseman of the Royal Guard to intercept.
text: As Bothwell’s contingent nears the foreigners they come to a
text: stop. From Mary’s POV we can barely make out that one of them
dialog: is Randolph.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: The Royal entourage is in the background. Mary walks through
text: a field of grass and wildflowers at some distance, Randolph
text: next to her, Moray and Maitland several steps behind.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Could her Council not wait until
dialog: her return?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Their business was urgent, Madam.
dialog: The Huguenots sent an envoy.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: And she receives them?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: England wishes no more bloodshed.
dialog: Being from France you must
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You may tell my sister that we pray
dialog: for swift peace, that we may meet
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I will tell her at once.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Stay with us the night back at
dialog: Holyrood. I’m certain Mistress
dialog: Beaton would welcome your company.
text: Randolph blushes at the insinuation..
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Thank you, Madam.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO--
text: Mary walking with Moray and Maitland toward the carriage as
text: the entire entourage is being turned around for the journey
text: back. Three of her ladies - Seton, Livingston and Fleming are
text: close behind. Beaton is a bit farther back, walking with
text: Randolph as he leads his horse on foot.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
text: She hides behind her Council.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You do not think she postpones...
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: I think she has no intention to
dialog: meet until you recognise her
dialog: legitimacy.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (sinking in)
text: A false promise then.
dialog: 35A.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Retaliation perhaps, for refusing
dialog: the treaty.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: For refusing Dudley.
text: Off Maitland’s look.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a matter of the heart, not
dialog: the state. They don’t mix well.
text: She glances back at Beaton and Randolph. They are smiling and
text: happy. Then turns to the ladies.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wouldn’t you say, Mistress Fleming?
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Pardon me, Madam?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (gesturing to Maitland)
dialog: I speak of the state...
dialog: (gesturing to Fleming)
dialog: .-.and of the heart.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: I am afraid I don’t understand...
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: (bristling)
dialog: Your mistress mocks our affections.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not so. They sometimes have
dialog: value...
text: As she returns to her horse she steals one more glance at
dialog: Beaton and Randolph.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - SECLUDED AREA - NIGHT
text: Randolph and Beaton are in the shadows - groping, kissing,
text: rough and lustful. After several moments of this, Beaton
text: squirms loose.
speaker_heading: BEATON
dialog: It’s late. I must attend to my
dialog: mistress.
text: He tries to kiss her again but she holds him off.
speaker_heading: BEATON (CONT'D)
dialog: Think of your wife.
text: He sighs. Just as she pulls away he grabs her wrist--
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Nothing we spoke of...
speaker_heading: BEATON
dialog: Of course not.
dialog: 37.
text: With a smile she leans forward and gives him one last kiss.
text: He lets go. She walks off. As she rounds the corner to a new
text: corridor she picks up pace, walking more and more briskly.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Beaton enters, breathless. Mary is being undressed by the
text: three other Marys.
speaker_heading: BEATON
dialog: The pox, Madam.
dialog: Off their looks--
speaker_heading: BEATON (CONT'D)
text: There is no envoy. She has the pox.
dialog: On Mary. This changes everything.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How grave?
speaker_heading: BEATON
dialog: Quite grave.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Beaton)
dialog: Go rouse my brother.
text: As Beaton exits, to the other three--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
text: Back on with it.
text: They hasten to re-dress her. Mary’s thoughts are swirling.
text: Several beats as she traverses exhilaration to doubt--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think me sinful?
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My excitement.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: C’est Dieu qui la rend malade.
dialog: (It is God who makes her ill.)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in French, to herself)
dialog: Oui, c’est Dieu.
dialog: (Yes, God.)
dialog: (in English)
dialog: He has his plan...
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: TIGHT on Rizzio as he transcribes with the scratch of a quill
text: against parchment. Moray looking over his shoulder. The room
text: is lit by only candles, giving it a conspiratorial feel.
speaker_heading: MARY (0.S.)
dialog: It will please you to know that I
dialog: have warmed to the prospect of
dialog: wedding Lord Dudley. We shall do
dialog: SO...
text: Rizzio dips his quill in the ink. We PULL BACK to see Mary
dialog: dictating the letter--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: .+.upon one condition.
text: She waits for Rizzio to catch up, then--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: While we wish you a long and
dialog: healthy life, and that no injury or
dialog: illness befall you, we shall only
dialog: do you the favour of betrothing
dialog: your special friend...
text: Rizzio is writing furiously. Once again Mary waits for him to
text: catch up. She stands and goes over to Rizzio so that she may
text: look over his shoulder as Moray and Maitland are doing--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: .»».once you name us heir.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Elizabeth is covered now with small pox boils. She is
text: attended to by Bess as two other ladies keep vigil as she
text: reads the letter from Mary.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (in a whisper, to herself)
dialog: She knows...
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: Madam...?
text: Leaping to another thought, this one fueled by jealousy--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My “special friend”...she taunts
dialog: us.
text: Her gut is churning; she’s half delirious from her illness--
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: She wants him as her own. My
dialog: Robert. My crown...
text: PRELAP the clashing of fencing sabers as we CUT TO--
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - LONG GALLERY - DAY
text: A number of NOBLES are stripped down to their undershirts,
text: fencing in pairs down the length of the gallery as others
text: look on. In one pair is Dudley. In another is Darnley. The
text: door flings open, revealing Elizabeth.
text: The fencers cease. Everyone stares at her - surprised to see
text: their Queen enter unannounced and in such a sorry state.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Out.
text: The Nobles begin to disperse, the fencers setting down their
text: foils as they go. Some are stealing glances at Elizabeth as
text: they exit, particularly Darnley. Dudley approaches her,
dialog: concerned-—
text: She hands him the letter. He begins to read. Looks up at her.
text: He lifts her veil so he can see her better. She looks
text: stricken, on the verge of tears. Her eyes say “You must not
dialog: leave me.”
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I am yours. Forever yours.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: But how? Am I to refuse her what I
dialog: myself suggested.
text: Her tears begin to fall. Dudley embraces her to console her.
dialog: She would normally feel embarrassed by such an outward sign
text: of emotion, but not in his arms. After a beat, in a whisper--
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: There is a way to right this...
text: She looks to him - expectant, hopeful--
speaker_heading: DUDLEY (CONT'D)
text: The boy, who was fencing nearest to
text: the door.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I took no notice.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Darnley, son of Lennox...
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: TIGHT on Mary, two hands covering her eyes. Giggles in the
text: background. She’s smiling. We PULL BACK to see that Beaton is
text: covering her eyes from behind.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Now.
text: Beaton removes her hands. We CUT TO Mary’s POV: Fleming and
text: Livingston are holding one of Mary’s dresses up to Rizzio,
text: fanning out the hem, Seton holding the blouse up to his
dialog: chest.
text: Rizzio begins to twirl as if dancing the masque with
text: effeminate physicality, the three women keeping the dress and
text: blouse against him as he does, singing in a falsetto. Mary
text: laughs as do the other women.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You look exquisite, Mademoiselle.
text: Rizzo curtsies, with a feminine voice--
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: Is it a sin that I feel more a
dialog: sister to you than a brother?
text: The smiles of the women fade. Rizzio instantly backtracks.
speaker_heading: RIZZIO (CONT'D)
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Forgive me. I forget myself in your
dialog: company.
text: But Mary wants to relieve him of his shame.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Be whoever you wish with us. You
dialog: make for a lovely sister.
dialog: (to the ladies)
dialog: Doesn’t she?
text: The other ladies nod, feeling free to smile once again. We
text: can sense Rizzio appreciates their acceptance. A knock at the
text: door. The ladies instantly pull the dress away from Rizzio.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Enter.
dialog: 4l.
text: The door opens, revealing Moray and an Attendant. He glances
text: to Rizzio warily, then to Mary--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: We have visitors.
text: He hands Mary a letter from Elizabeth. She reads over it
text: quickly - looks up at him, puzzled.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: They are Stuarts...
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Aye.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: As an ATTENDANT shows Darnley and Lennox in, sotto voce--
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: I shall talk. You say nothing.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Not even to--
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Silence.
text: The Attendant steps aside. What Lennox and Darnley see are
text: Mary and the Four Marys on common stools. They are all
text: dressed similarly, Mary no different than the others. Moray
text: and Maitland are to the side.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: The 4th Earl of Lennox...
text: Lennox bows.
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: His son Henry, Lord Darnley.
text: Darnley bows. Lennox expects the Queen to say something, but
text: he cannot tell which of the five women is Mary. He looks to
text: Moray and Maitland for assistance. They are statues. He looks
text: to the Attendant, who says nothing. It’s an embarrassing
text: position to be in. But neither offers guidance. He looks back
dialog: to the Ladies.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Forgive me - I do not know my
text: Queen’s visage.
text: He gets no help from anyone. Lennox looks helplessly from one
text: Lady to the next.
dialog: 42.
text: He laughs nervously, both flummoxed and insulted. But Darnley
text: is amused, and more than game to play. He walks forward
text: brazenly.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Let me, father.
text: As he speaks he circles the women slowly, considering them.
text: His charisma is electric, amplified by how closely he orbits,
text: almost brushing up against the women, his proximity and the
text: chance of physical contact so acute it’s thrilling. He speaks
text: slowly, confidently - his voice intoxicating - we see the
text: womens’ chests rising and falling, titillated. Darnley
text: continues to circle them...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I give you verse, unsheathing my
dialog: quick wit...to see which among you
text: it quickens.
text: Giggles from the ladies. Moray and Maitland remain icy cold.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: But should I fail to choose
dialog: correctly...
text: As he comes around the front of them again, he places his
text: hand on his chest, feigning sorrow--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Tis my soul that will be sickened.
text: They smile at his performance, thoroughly charmed.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: For shame returning to my native
dialog: land...Only to be deprived of
dialog: kissing...
text: Now he stops and kneels before Seton...
text: But at the last moment he turns to Mary, takes her hand--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: .«.-my Queen’s perfect hand.
text: He bends forward and gives her hand a tender kiss. The other
text: Marys clap with approval. Darnley rises and bows.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: You held your breath when I was
text: about to err.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Mary and Darnley walking alone, the Four Marys trailing in
dialog: the distance--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: The request was ours and she was
dialog: kind enough to grant us passage.
dialog: Here we can worship as we choose.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I doubt tis faith that brings you.
dialog: Rather the lands your father seeks.
dialog: Or even the throne.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: The throne?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why would Elizabeth grant you
dialog: passports if she did not intend you
dialog: as a suitor? And by laying suit to
dialog: me does not the House of Lennox lay
dialog: suit to all of Scotland?
text: Darnley chuckles. Mary is offended. She stops, turns to him.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I amuse you.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Aye.
dialog: (A beat)
dialog: Madam - you must not be Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
text: The woman lives in fright - always
text: suspecting intrigue, always fearful
dialog: of revolt.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Her fears are wise. We both have
dialog: Nobles who would have us deposed.
text: Darnley takes the scolding without showing an ounce of
text: regret. The opposite. He smiles back at her.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Have I vexed you?
dialog: 44,
text: Mary self-consciously brings her fingers to her cheek and
text: turns away. Darnley places a hand on her face and turns her
text: towards him. It’s an incredibly bold gesture.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You dare touch a sovereign without
dialog: her permission?
text: Though she says this, she makes no effort to remove his hand.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: I can speak for neither my father
dialog: nor Elizabeth. Only for myself.
text: He moves his hand so that his palm rests on her cheek.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And speaking for myself, you have a
dialog: loyal subject in your Henry, who
dialog: would rather worship at your feet
text: than at a Catholic mass.
text: He leans in to kiss her on the lips. She turns her head away
text: just before his lips reach hers. Continues walking, her chest
text: heaving from the close encounter.
text: Darnley begins to follow, several steps behind.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I shall keep walking with you then,
dialog: until you object.
text: Mary keeps walking, unsure how to answer, a swirl of emotion.
text: Darnley catches up. Offers his arm. She takes it. And they
text: continue to walk in silence - Mary’s vigilant mind battling
text: with the longing in her body.
text: We hear the sound of lute strings being plucked and CUT TO--
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - STAIRWELL/HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Seton leads Darnley up a spiral staircase by candlelight. As
text: they reach the top of the stairs she pauses, seeing shadows.
text: Gestures for Darnley to stop. Blows out her candle.
text: Two Nobles pass in the hallway, not seeing Seton and Darnley
text: in the shadows of the stairwell. Once they have passed, she
text: gestures for Darnley to follow, and they continue on.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Rizzio plucking the strings casually. The Marys (minus Seton)
text: are attending to Mary, powdering her face, combing her hair,
text: dabbing her wrists and neck with oils. Rizzio looks on as he
text: plays, a smile of appreciation at her beauty.
text: Mary’s eyes shine with anticipation and anxiety. The Marys
text: step away to have a look at their labors. Rizzio - continuing
dialog: to play--
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: You glow, Madam.
text: TIME CUT to Seton knocking on the door from the outside to
dialog: make those within aware of their arrival.
text: Seton and Darnley enter. The Marys curtsy and promptly exit.
text: Rizzio stays. Mary is not in sight.
text: TIME CUT to Rizzio helping Darnley remove his collar, his
text: sleeves and his doublet, so that he is only wearing his
text: undershirt and breeches. Then Rizzio gestures to the bed--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: You remain?
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: The Queen scarcely knows your
dialog: grace.
text: Rizzio picks up his lute, nearby.
speaker_heading: RIZZIO (CONT'D)
dialog: But I shall play, and hear nothing.
text: Darnley circuits the bed to the other side, where the drapes
text: are drawn open. Mary sits atop the bed, knees beneath her,
text: looking resplendent.
text: Rizzio perches himself on a stool and begins to pluck the
text: lute once more, his fingers matching the music that has
text: continued to play throughout the sequence thus far.
text: We CUT BACK to the far side of the bed. Darnley is still
text: taking in Mary’s beauty.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (nodding to a side table)
dialog: There is wine if you desire it.
text: Darnley fetches the bottle and pours a goblet. As he does--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: When I refused you. I wish...
text: She averts her eyes. She does not want to admit it. Glances
text: at the goblet of wine.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: May I have some?
text: He holds out the goblet. She reaches for it. But when her
text: hand wraps around it, he places his other hand on hers.
text: Caresses her fingers with his. An intake of air from Mary.
text: He slides her hand over the goblets rim, dipping her fingers
text: within. Then brings her fingers to his lips and glosses them
text: wet with the sherry. Her mouth is parted, her breath
text: quickening. His hand still on her wrist, he gently pulls her
dialog: forward.
text: She closes her eyes and places her mouth on his. Then moves
text: the tip of her tongue along the length of his lips, savouring
text: the wine on the tender flesh.
text: He runs his hand through the hair at the nape of her neck and
text: pulls her closer still, so that now her lips are fully
text: pressed against his.
text: TIME CUTS as we see kissing grow more passionate. Mary is
text: giving into a hunger she hasn’t indulged before - except with
text: Frangois, who wasn’t up to the task. There’s a ferocity to
text: her desire, increasingly confident and instinctual.
text: We see her run her hand along his leg, then between his
text: thighs. When it finds its mark she pulls back.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Do you not...desire me?
text: Darnley doesn’t waste a moment.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Lie back.
text: He gently lays her back. Kisses her collar bone, then her
text: chest. Makes his way down to the folds of her dress. Pushing
text: them up along her bare legs.
text: She starts to retreat, grabbing his head by the hair and
text: pulling him up.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We cannot...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: We won't. I promise you. This is
dialog: not that.
text: She’s confused - not sure what he means.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Have faith in me. Do you have
dialog: faith?
text: She’s unsure but she wants to trust him. The fearless side of
text: her takes over. She nods.
text: Darnley lowers himself again, his mouth against the thin
text: fabric of her gown wrought between her thighs.
text: We CUT TO TIGHT on her face as she gasps, his mouth alighting
text: her through the gown, an intense sensation beyond which any
dialog: she thought possible, and she is utterly lost in it. We CUT
dialog: TO--
text: her hand clawing at the sheets
text: her teeth clenched as she sucks in air
text: her torso twisting
text: her eyes widening
text: her back arching
text: her face as she convulses, gasping
text: As her body shivers - the after shocks still rippling through
text: her, Darnley slides up beside her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Do you need to...?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: No. Don’t worry about me.
text: He gets up and pours two goblets. Walks around to the other
text: side of the bed where Rizzio is still plucking. Sets one
text: goblet down for Rizzio. They lock eyes.
text: Then Darnley heads back around and sits down in a chair.
text: Takes a sip as he looks over to Mary, who is now on her side,
text: her back to him.
text: On Mary, heart pounding, slipping into reverie, but also
text: trying to process what just occurred.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: Elizabeth at the head of the table, her counsellors
text: assembled. She has recovered from her small pox, but she
text: still looks pale and thin, and right now she is on the
text: defensive. Cecil and Dudley are in attendance.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Without a treaty signed, this union
text: strengthens her claim.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You need not condescend. We are
text: well informed.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Forgive us. We merely seek to
dialog: protect your crown.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Mary rides on horseback, flanked by Moray and Maitland and a
text: small party of Nobles and Guards in tow. They are on a day-
dialog: trip to Arthur’s Seat.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: You cannot wed him, Madam.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I do not wed him blindly. He has
dialog: promised no ambition.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: He understands that he would only
dialog: be your consort? Not a King
dialog: outright?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: He does.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: I find it difficult to believe that
dialog: any man would settle for as much.
text: We INTERCUT between these two scenes--
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
text: Two Catholics wed. Two Stuarts,
dialog: Madam...
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: He has a claim of his own, even
dialog: without betrothal. Together they
dialog: make a union of two claims.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: She has a chosen an Englishman, as
dialog: I asked. What recourse do I have?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Implore her to marry Lord Dudley.
dialog: He was your first choice.
text: Elizabeth looks to Dudley, who looks back sympathetically.
dialog: 49,
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Dudley is her puppet. He offers no
dialog: advantage.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Unless she promises to make you
dialog: heir.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (blood up)
dialog: Where is this promise? That has
dialog: failed to appear these past four
dialog: years?
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I will not offer my Lord if it
dialog: means naming her successor.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: She will not accept him otherwise.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Then let her refuse him.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: On succession I agree. But Darnley
dialog: imperils us more.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: He would provoke revolt among our
dialog: Nobles.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (a sharp blow)
dialog: Do you command so little respect
dialog: that you could not discourage them?
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: We must not delay. You must forbid
dialog: this marriage.
text: On Elizabeth, pondering this. Then she abruptly stands. The
text: Councillors follow suit. She exits without another word.
text: Cecil turns to Dudley with venom on his tongue.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: What chaos you have brought to us.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. ARTHUR'S SEAT - DAY
text: Mary and the others are nearing the crest. On Darnley
text: galloping fast on his horse past the other Nobles.
text: He whirls around on his horse as he gets to Mary, cantering
text: and stepping his horse sideways before her.
text: Moray and Maitland eye him with the same contempt with which
dialog: Cecil beheld Dudley.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: (pointing ahead)
dialog: Is that the top?
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Aye.
text: As he turns his horse to trot ahead--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: No subject should ride before his
dialog: Queen.
text: Darnley glances back. It’s a barbed comment, reminding him
dialog: that would he marry the Queen he is still but a subject. Mary
text: dispels any conflict by trotting ahead of Darnley.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Would he?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Though he would.
text: Mary starts to pick up speed. Darnley accepts the challenge,
text: keeping near, just a neck behind her. And now the two are
text: galloping up the crest, a thunder of hooves between their two
dialog: horses.
text: CUT TO Mary and Darnley alone atop their horses at the crest
text: of Arthur’s Seat. Edinburgh and the countryside beyond
text: stretches out before them.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How it must feel...to rule all that
dialog: is within your sight.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I am but its servant.
text: Darnley looks to her, not quite understanding. She continues
text: to gaze out at the view beneath. He looks back out. A beat,
text: and now she turns to him.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you prepared to be its servant?
dialog: 51.
text: Looking back at her, eyes ablaze. Does she mean what he
dialog: thinks she means?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: It is right for the man to ask.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then ask.
text: He takes her hand and brings it to his mouth, softly...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Before God...
text: Kisses her hand lightly...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Before all of Scotland...
text: He leans in, whispers in her ear...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Before all the world...
text: He kisses the side of her neck. The touch of his lips sends
text: a jolt through her--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes.
text: Into her ear again--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: You will be my Queen?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: And I your King?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes.
text: And whispering into her ear--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Your master.
text: She pulls back and looks him in the eye. A slight correction,
dialog: but smiling--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My husband.
text: He laughs - giddy, joyful, not necessarily absorbing the
dialog: correction for what it was.
dialog: 52.
text: She laughs in return, squeezes his hand. They both turn and
text: once again gaze out upon the view together.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: Randolph stands before Mary, Moray and Maitland are present.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: They are English subjects, Madam.
dialog: If my Queen orders their return,
dialog: they must.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: She asked that I marry an English
dialog: Nobleman. And now she deprives me?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Her wish is that you should not
dialog: marry this particular noble.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You may tell your mistress I shall
dialog: do so, with or without her
dialog: blessing.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Madam - before you act rashly,
dialog: please consider--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It is enough my own Lords treat me
dialog: as though I’m but a girl...
text: On Moray, about to step forward, but Maitland holds him back.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I will not be treated as such by
dialog: Elizabeth. I will be the woman she
dialog: is not. I shall produce an heir,
text: unlike her barren self.
text: Randolph is stunned silent and paralyzed.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to an Attendant)
text: Prepare the Ambassador’s horse.
text: Randolph bows and makes for his exit. As he passes Beaton she
text: averts her eyes so as not to make contact with his. As soon
text: as he is gone, Moray steps forward, incensed.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: (temper flaring)
dialog: Reckless child.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I have worked too long and too hard
dialog: with too much bloodshed to secure
dialog: peace in our land. Do not let your
dialog: curséd passion rule you.
dialog: 52A.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (calm and cold)
dialog: Tis your voice raised, sir. And you
dialog: would lower it in my presence.
text: Moray has reached the breaking point, but he lowers his voice
text: - speaking slowly and purposefully.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: If my counsel no longer has value,
dialog: then I am obliged to withdraw from
dialog: court.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If you must.
text: Whether he is bluffing or not, she has called it. And from
text: the resoluteness in her eyes, both we and Moray know she is
text: not bluffing in response.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - ROOFTOP - DAY
text: A cold day. Both Elizabeth and Cecil are bundled up. Grey,
text: discomforting skies.
speaker_heading: CECIL (0.S.)
dialog: You have neither husband nor
dialog: children. And you approach an age
dialog: whereupon you cannot bear them...
text: Elizabeth looks out to the horizon, despondent.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: You must confront the truth, Madam.
text: Displeasing as it may be.
text: In a softer tone, more as a friend than a councillor--
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: I have confronted that truth.
text: She turns to him, surprised by the admission. Also softly--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You understand that I cannot.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Will not. And I accept it. Do I
dialog: understand...?
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: No more than I understand God.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It is my choice. God would have a
dialog: woman be a wife and mother.
dialog: 54.
dialog: Observational, not accusatory--
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: So you defy his will.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No - I choose to be a man.
text: Off his look. He still fails to fathom her--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
text: As children dream in their sleep
dialog: after apples and in the morning,
dialog: when they awake and find not the
dialog: apples, they weep. Such a man as I
dialog: might marry, finding himself
dialog: disappointed, would not stop at
text: weeping.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (finishing her thought)
dialog: He would conspire.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No Prince's revenues be so great
dialog: that they are able to satisfy the
dialog: insatiable cupidity of men.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: This I understand.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Which is why you are the closest
dialog: thing I shall ever have to a wife.
text: He laughs at this. It’s a tender, intimate moment.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I shan’t mention your proposal to
dialog: Lord Dudley.
text: She laughs at this in return.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Come and take my hand.
text: He comes over and takes her hand. It doesn’t feel romantic.
text: It feels fraternal.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I would be lost without you.
text: And now it’s he who looks out to the horizon.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: My father despised my first wife.
dialog: Her name was Mary...
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: There are no shortage of those.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (chuckles )
dialog: Indeed not.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Despised her why?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I married her for love.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was foolish. She had no wealth
dialog: or influence. But I adored her. And
dialog: when she died - it left me...
text: He shakes his head, not wanting to complete the memory. But
text: in his eyes we can see the devastation her death wrought.
text: Elizabeth squeezes his hand. He forces the thought out of his
text: mind. His familiar coolness returns.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: This world is a brutal place. It
dialog: has no patience for such
dialog: foolishness.
dialog: (turns to her)
dialog: We men must be wiser, mustn’t we?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Tell me what to do.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: We must make civil war in Scotland.
text: Elizabeth ponders this, brow furrowed, eyes darkening. Their
text: affection has shifted back into realpolitik. Elizabeth
text: removes her hand from Cecil’s.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You would have me depose a sister
dialog: monarch?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It is either civil war there. Or
dialog: civil war here.
text: ON Elizabeth, weary. But a cold resolution comes over her.
text: Cecil has seen this look before. It’s what he hoped for.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I want to know nothing of it.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: The arrangements shall be mine
dialog: alone.
text: On Elizabeth's face as we hear the sound of BAG PIPES...
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BANQUET HALL - NIGHT
text: TIGHT on Mary’s hand - three royal marriage rings upon it -
text: DARNLEY’S hand enters frame, similarly ringed. Mary places
text: her hand on his. Drums strike up the dance.
text: Pull back to reveal MARY and DARNLEY standing alone in the
text: centre of the hall hand on hand. The wedding banquet is over,
text: the tables are pushed back and the wedding guests stand
text: around the hall watching.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - SHORE - DAY
text: A fishing trawler is being dragged on the shore, its goods
text: covered in burlap to shield them from the rain. Nearby on a
text: rise are the silhouettes of half a dozen hooded men on
text: horseback. They begin to gallop down toward the wagons.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BANQUET HALL - NIGHT
text: The wedding dance continues and Mary and Darnley are joined
text: by BETON, SETON & LIVINGSTON and their dance partners.
text: FLEMING encourages MAITLAND to join the dance but he resists.
text: MARY notices MAITLAND. Other nobles decline to dance and look
text: on disapprovingly.
text: Mary remains regal despite the lack of enthusiasm, although
text: we can sense it bothers her. Darnley, is less able to hide
text: his displeasure.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BANQUET HALL - NIGHT
text: DARNLEY downs his drink in one gulp and gestures to his
text: servant to refill his goblet.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - SHORE - DAY
text: One of the six horseman pulls back the burlap covering boat.
text: We see nothing but hay until the Wagon Driver pushes it aside
text: and reveals a cache of pikes, swords, crossbows and muskets.
text: We also see a small trunk. The Nobleman opens it. The trunk
text: is full of gold and silver coins. One of the other men steps
text: forward to take a closer look. And within the hood we see
dialog: that it is Lord Moray.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BANQUET HALL - NIGHT
text: Thirty Male Guests dance in lines with military precision.
text: It’s quite formal choreography. But a very drunk Darnley
text: inserts himself into the dance, sloppy and grinning. He is
text: trying to get the dancers to bow to him, the king.
dialog: 56A.
text: The Dancers attempt to continue, but it’s difficult to
text: navigate around him. On Mary, embarrassed by her husband. She
text: looks over to Rizzio, who is strumming his lute. Something
dialog: should be done.
text: Rizzio takes the cue. He strolls toward Darnley, still
text: strumming, in a half-walk, half-dance - circles Darnley as
text: though it’s all part of the choreography, then brings his
text: arms around Darnley from behind, placing the lute at his
text: chest, as though his arms are Darnley’s arms. Everyone
text: laughs. It’s a comedic and graceful way to get Darnley out of
text: the way. He spins Darnley as he’s strumming, walking him off
text: to the side, almost as if all of it were planned.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. SALT MARSH - DAY
text: As the drums continue over the pipes we see foot soldiers
text: marching in a column.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BANQUET HALL - NIGHT
text: On Mary watching something. We CUT TO her POV:
text: It’s Darnley and Rizzio off to the side of the room, Darnley
text: on Rizzio’s lap, drunkenly letting him play the lute,
text: laughing and plucking the strings himself.
text: BACK ON Mary, perturbed by both Darnley’s drunkenness and
text: Rizzio’s familiarity with him.
scene_heading: EXT. SALT MARSH - OUTDOOR MASS - DAY
text: A continuation of Scene 78. The column of rebel soldiers
text: passes by Knox, Moray with him. Knox is giving blessings as
text: they march past him, palm raised, mouthing “Bless you” and
dialog: “In service of the Lord.”
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - DARNLEY’S CHAMBER - DAY
text: TIGHT on Darnley’s face. He is passed out on his bed. A hand
text: SLAPS his face.
dialog: 58.
text: And with the slap the pipes and drums stop.
text: Darnley opens his eyes, squinting. Sees Mary standing before
text: him. We see that Rizzio lays in the bed next to Darnley.
text: Rizzio is stirring now. Is horrified to see Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Darnley)
dialog: Rise and prepare yourself.
text: As Darnley sits up he sees Bothwell in the door. Is surprised
text: to see him in his Royal Chamber.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Be gone.
text: But Bothwell doesn’t budge.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (turns to Bothwell)
dialog: He is in your care.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - THE COURTYARD (UPPER) - DAY
text: An OFFICER is showing her how to load and cock a pistol. He
text: aims it at the wall and fires. With a loud BANG and puff of
text: smoke the lead ball leaves a small crater in the plastered
text: facade. He turns back to Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Now I shall try.
text: He hands her the pistol, bag of gunpowder and a lead ball. As
text: she prepares the pistol for it’s next shot, Rizzio - now
text: dressed - emerges from within and approaches her. Livingston
text: intercepts him to prevent him getting to Mary.
speaker_heading: LIVINGTON
dialog: Rentre! Tu n’es pas digne de son
dialog: regard.
dialog: (Go back inside. You are not worthy
dialog: of her eyes).
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Non. Misérable! Canaille!
dialog: (No. You wretch. You dog).
dialog: (to the Guards)
dialog: Battez-le comme un chien s’il
dialog: S’approche encore plus.
dialog: (He should be beaten like a dog if
text: he draws nearer).
text: But he tries anyway.
dialog: 58A.
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: A word - a moment...
text: Several Guards step forward to block him. Mary, witnessing
text: all of this as she loads the pistol, finally speaks up--
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Let him approach.
text: The Guards step aside. Rizzio approaches her sheepishly. Then
text: falls to his knees in front of her.
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: To have betrayed you in this way -
dialog: I have no excuse - And I beg...I
dialog: beg that...
text: She keeps her voice low as well. With some gentleness--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Stand.
dialog: 59.
text: He does.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have not betrayed your nature.
text: He is anguished by her kindness.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I cannot fault you for succumbing
dialog: to his charms as I did.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But we must be more careful now.
text: He nods, grateful for her mercy. She raises the pistol and
text: aims at the wall. She pulls the trigger and BANG...
dialog: On which we CUT TO--
scene_heading: EXT. MARY’S CAMP —- DAY
text: Mary rides at the vanguard. She is fitted with armour and a
text: steel cap on her head, pistol in a saddle holster. Bothwell
text: is similarly armoured and armed.
text: Darnley rides a few yards behind them, wearing a gilded
text: breastplate, looking pale and weary.
text: Mary looks vibrant and at ease. She seems in her element, on
text: the move, the head of an army 10,000 soldiers strong.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
text: Moray is marching southwest, toward
dialog: Dumfries.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: The English can easily supply them
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: If we make good time we could cut
text: them off before they reach the
dialog: gates. Or we fortify here and
dialog: prepare for a siege, blocking the
dialog: road south.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What would you have us do?
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Meet them and end this now.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Why give chase? Let them starve
text: behind the walls of Dumfries.
dialog: 59A.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: If we lose sight, they could flank
dialog: us. I want to flank them first.
dialog: There's a bridge they must use to
dialog: cross Annan.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How far?
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Two days. But I can get us there in
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Give the order.
text: Bothwell turns his horse around and begins riding down the
text: line, shouting the order for a quickstep. The entire column
text: begins to pick up speed, the foot soldiers marching more
text: briskly. Mary wheels her horse around to follow Bothwell down
dialog: the line.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Why give chase? Let them come to
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Are you afraid Henry?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Good. Because our swords are not
dialog: just for show.
dialog: 60.
text: And she yanks on the reins, trotting down the line. Off
text: Darnley, emasculated and alienated.
text: TIME CUT to Mary on foot, leading her horse by the reins,
text: walking side by side with the common foot soldiers. As they
text: walk briskly past her they each lower their heads out of
text: respect. Three YOUNG SOLDIERS walk past. They look no older
text: than 16. They’re shy when she addresses them.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Whence come you?
speaker_heading: URIE CAMPBELL
dialog: The Highlands, Madam. These two
dialog: from Inverness. I’m from Thurso.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Fishermen?
speaker_heading: URIE CAMPBELL
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I am sorry we have only mutton.
text: Two of the boys smile shyly at this. The third (HECTOR
text: MACLEAN), just smiles at seeing the other two laugh.
speaker_heading: JAMES MACDONALD
dialog: We are happy to have anything to
dialog: eat, Madam.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Catholic?
speaker_heading: JAMES MACDONALD
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: No, Madam.
text: She looks to Urie. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Hector)
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: URIE CAMPBELL
dialog: He don’t know Scots, Madam. Only
dialog: Gaelic.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Tell him I’m grateful for his
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: URIE CAMPBELL
dialog: Tha a’ bhanrigh taingeil airson do
dialog: sheirbheis.
speaker_heading: HECTOR MACLEAN
dialog: Tha e moiteil a bhi na shearbhant
dialog: don bhan righ agus tha e deonach
dialog: basachadh air a son.
speaker_heading: URIE CAMPBELL
dialog: He says he’s proud to serve his
dialog: Queen. And to give his life if he
dialog: must.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Tell him: If any of us should die
dialog: today, we all go to the same
dialog: heaven.
speaker_heading: URIE CAMPBELL
dialog: Ma bhasaicheas duine againn an
dialog: diugh, theid sinn dhan aon Neamh!
text: Hector smiles at her and makes the sign of the cross. On
text: Mary, grateful and inspired by the show of loyalty as they
text: continue walking onward.
scene_heading: EXT. COPSE OF TREES - DAY
text: It’s getting late in the afternoon now. We hear the steady
text: beat of a REBEL DRUMMER giving tempo to the march. An
text: impatient Moray berates his men.
text: From a mound covered in twisted pine, we see the men trudge
text: along a curved track. Ahead of them is a bridge, which fords
text: a fast-flowing river. Moray and his men are on its West Bank.
text: This, unbeknownst to Moray, is MARY’s point of view.
text: The air is heavy with midges. The soldiers are fatigued
text: lugging expensive, heavy muskets and weaponry: Cecil's
text: supplies. Moray rides up and down the line, driving the
text: troops forward. Frustrated, he commands the Rebel Drummer to
text: pick up the tempo.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Double it.
text: The Rebel Drummer switches to a quick-step beat. The men
text: start to pick up their feet. Again we see the track from
text: above, where the road curves away from us at each end. MORAY
text: spots an oncoming obstruction heading towards the bridge from
text: the East Bank of the river: a herd of Highland Cattle and
text: four DROVERS.
dialog: 61A.
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (to the Rebel Drummer)
dialog: Halt.
text: The Rebel Drummer performs a flourish and stops drumming. The
text: troops halt. Moray and MORAY’S SECOND ride forward to prevent
text: the cattle from blocking the bridge.
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Stand aside. We must pass.
text: The four Drovers ignore his shouts and, as Moray and Moray’s
text: Second reach the East Bank, the cattle flow around them,
text: blocking the bridge and stranding Moray and Moray’s Second on
dialog: the East Bank.
text: As the herd of cattle flow across the bridge, the first of
text: three loud, slow drumbeats is heard. At the first beat, the
text: Rebel Army stutter forward. Mistaking the drumbeat for his
dialog: Rebel Drummer--
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Halt I say!
text: But the drum beat comes from JAMES MACDONALD, Mary’s drummer,
text: who stands by MARY above the track.
text: With the second, slow drumbeat, the Rebel Drummer looks
text: around. It’s not him. Where is it coming from? He panics,
text: throwing off his drum to aid his retreat. The panic is
text: beginning to spread. What’s going on? This is an ambush.
text: The third beat coincides with an order from Moray’s Second--
scene_heading: MORAY’S SECOND
dialog: Form up! Form up--
text: Mid-shout, he is unhorsed by a DROVER, who swings at him with
text: his droving stick. Mary’s men fall from above. It is a
text: Highland charge. Deadly, simple, they stream down the hill
text: from where MARY commands them, driving Moray’s men into the
text: river. Moray’s men try to mount their heavy muskets and take
text: aim but the Mary’s men are upon them.
text: URIE CAMPBELL and HECTOR MACLEAN charge down the hill, Urie
text: spots a musket take aim at Hector and pushes him out of the
text: way, they both slip down the slope, avoiding the musket fire,
text: find their feet and charge onwards.
text: Moray’s men are hit hard from Mary’s side and driven into the
text: river. Escaping to the East Bank, they are met by more of
text: Mary’s men, who have lain in wait, anticipating the men in
dialog: the river.
text: Marooned on the bridge, in the midst of Highland cattle,
text: Moray looks from side to side of the bridge and sees his
text: soldiers and their heavy equipment being lost and slaughtered
text: in the river.
dialog: 62.
text: He sees his precious guns and powder floating and MORAY tries
text: to hack his way out of the cattle, attempting to get back to
dialog: his side.
text: Seeing Moray slashing his way through the Highland cattle,
text: Bothwell leaves Mary's side. Moray arrives back at the West
text: Bank, just to find his army deserting up the road away from
text: him. He is confronted by Bothwell, charging down the track
text: towards Moray. As Bothwell streams through the retreating
text: soldiers, he dispatches three men, slicing through them.
text: Moray panics, his trembling hands trying to load his gun.
text: Back to Bothwell riding him down. In his panic Moray drops
text: his gun, Bothwell is seconds from him. Just before impact,
text: Mary raises her hand. A bugle gives Bothwell the instruction
text: to halt. Bothwell pulls up, nose to nose with Moray. Moray
text: sees Mary on her mound, realising that she has masterminded
text: the whole ambush. He looks back to Bothwell, who backs away,
text: ushering Moray down the track to his retreat.
text: In the river, we see Moray’s drum floating towards us as his
text: men flee. Moray rears his horse with one last look to Mary,
text: then gallops away in flight with his men.
text: On Mary. She does not need to slaughter her brother or give
text: chase. She has accomplished what she needs to.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Mary rides triumphantly at the head of her column, glowing
text: from her victory. Down the line, Soldier #3 leads a Gaelic
text: chant. A rough and lovely song of praise. The whole troop
text: joins in. Mary glances over at Darnley, who is waving back,
text: accepting their affirmation.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Mary is being undressed by the Four Marys. They’re almost
text: finished when there is a knock at the door. It opens,
text: revealing Darnley. He’s visibly inebriated.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: You summoned?
text: Mary nods to the Four Marys, who quickly exit. They close the
text: door behind them.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How much have you had?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Celebrating our victory, my love.
text: She goes to him - all business - and begins to unbutton the
text: fly on his breeches.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: She slides her hand in and begins to stroke him. He pulls
text: away. She places a hand on his chest. Gently--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: He does. She continues to stroke.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re almost there.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: I can’t...I’ve had too much to
dialog: drink...
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Think of Rizzio.
text: He opens his eyes, furious. Slaps her hard in the face. She
text: reels, placing a hand to her cheek. He gets up and grabs her
text: by the wrist. Pulls her over to the bed and bends her over,
text: pressing her face down into the sheets.
text: While he’s holding her down he begins to jerk himself, to get
text: himself hard enough. Mary does not struggle. She wants a
dialog: child, whatever she must endure to produce one.
text: Sufficiently hard, Darnley pushes up Mary’s gown and begins
text: to forcibly take her from behind. Mary winces. It’s painful.
text: It's degrading. But she knows it will be over soon.
text: And it is - in less than 30 seconds. Darnley grunts with his
text: climax, then stumbles out of the room.
text: On Mary, trying to hold back tears. It was awful, but she
text: achieved what she wanted to. She climbs onto the bed and lays
text: down on her back. Pulls her knees up to her chest.
text: A few moments later the Four Marys re-enter. They see from
text: Mary’s position that the deed is done.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Pray for me.
text: The Four Marys kneel around the bed and lower their heads in
text: prayer. During which we begin to hear a PRIEST’S voice from
dialog: the high Latin mass...
speaker_heading: PRIEST (V.O.)
dialog: Incensum istud a te benedictum,
dialog: ascendat ad te...
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - CHAPEL - DAY
text: TIGHT on the Priest swinging an incense thurible--
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: ..-Domine, et descendat super nos
dialog: misericordia tua...
text: The Latin continues as we watch the coloured light through
text: the stained glass windows traverse the floor in time-lapse.
text: CUT TO TIGHT on the thurible as it swings.
text: CUT TO TIGHT through a clear pane in the window, we watch a
text: flower bloom in time-lapse.
text: CUT TO Darnley kneeling before the altar as the Priest
dialog: conducts the mass.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Accendat in nobis Dominus ignem sui
dialog: amoris, et flamma aeternae
dialog: caritatis. Amen.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Amen.
text: The Priest hands the thurible to an ALTAR BOY. Turns to
text: Darnley.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Shall I wait for her Majesty before
dialog: I celebrate communion?
text: Darnley looks behind him. The rest of the chapel is empty.
text: Abruptly he stands up and heads for the exit.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Tight on Mary’s face as we hear Darnley pounding on the door.
dialog: From outside we hear--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (0.S.)
dialog: We must speak, Mary.
text: The pounding does not stop. We PULL BACK to see her laying on
text: the bed beneath the covers. Rizzio is sitting by her side,
text: holding her hand. She’s trying to ignore the pounding but it
text: won't stop. She turns to Rizzio--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Let him in.
text: Rizzio goes the door. Undoes the bolt and opens it. Darnley
text: is surprised to see him.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: What are you...?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Come, Henry.
text: He brushes past Rizzio and goes to the bed. Rizzio and the
text: ladies exit.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: You would have David here and bar
dialog: your husband?
text: Mary closes her eyes. She doesn’t want to be dealing with
text: this. Darnley goes over to the seat where Rizzio was sitting.
text: A gentler tack, with a much softer tone.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I was at mass. I wished you at my
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You shouldn't be attending Catholic
dialog: service. It insults our Lords.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: When I am annointed they will
dialog: afford me the same respect as you.
text: Mary does not respond. Darnley gets anxious.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You promised.
text: She still stays nothing. He pulls back the covers and places
text: his hand on her stomach. She’s clearly showing - now five
dialog: months pregnant.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you have his father be
dialog: nothing but a consort?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We know not if it’s a he.
text: Darnley cannot check his temper any longer--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: I am more than a sire to a mare.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Please, I am tired...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Do you love me?
text: Mary doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you love me?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You are a Stuart. That matters more
dialog: than love.
text: We see fury in his eyes. But he needs her, so he has to
text: dampen his rage.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Yes, you are tired and know not
dialog: what you say.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BANQUET HALL - NIGHT
text: Darnley sits at the head table, an empty seat next to him,
text: dejected. The other guests are talking amongst themselves.
text: Then a hush. Heads swiveling. Everyone stands and turns to
text: the main door.
text: Mary’s ladies stand behind her. She looks resplendent. A warm
text: smile, her face glowing with forthcoming motherhood. Her
text: dress is equally stunning. There is no effort to hide the
text: bump in her belly.
text: As she makes her way to the head table the guests murmur to
text: each other, presumably about her pregnancy.
text: She takes her place at Darnley’s side but remains standing to
text: address the guests. With infectious charm--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If you have wondered where your
dialog: Queen was these past few months,
dialog: now there are no secrets. The
text: whisperings can end. Spring comes
text: bearing fruit.
text: Laughter and applause among the guests.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: My husband and I give thanks.
text: She takes Darnley’s hand and smiles. He forces a smile in
dialog: return. This is all for show.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: With heaven’s blessing we bring
dialog: another Stuart into this world,
dialog: heir to Scotland...and to England.
text: The addition of “England” is provocative. People begin to
text: applaud, although some are too jolted to do so.
text: We pop to Randolph, who turns to Maitland with shock.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
text: She speaks for herself.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Do her councilors fail to advise
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: We advise her endlessly, sir. Not
dialog: that she heeds us.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You must do better.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Better than your own Queen’s
dialog: council?
dialog: Maitland has a point. More reflectively--
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: How did the world come to this?
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
text: Wise men servicing the whims of
dialog: women?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Aye...
text: They look back toward Mary as the applause dies down.
text: Darnley helps Mary into her chair, almost as if he’s a
text: servant. He glances to his father, Lennox.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPTON COURT - STABLES - DAY
text: Elizabeth stares at a mare on the ground, a newborn foal
text: laying beside her. A STABLE HAND is stroking the foal.
speaker_heading: STABLE HAND
dialog: He’1ll make a fine stallion.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: May I?
speaker_heading: STABLE HAND
dialog: Of course, Madam.
text: Elizabeth kneels down and pets the foal. It attempts to lift
text: its head but is still weak. A smile on Elizabeth’s face.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - STABLES - DAY
text: Cecil and Elizabeth walking.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: It is a clear provocation. She knew
dialog: well Lord Randolph would report.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What would you have us do? Go to
dialog: war over some reckless words?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Not us - her brother. He hopes to
dialog: raise a second army. If we assist
dialog: him...
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: As we did his first?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (gingerly)
dialog: I shall not fail you twice.
text: Which is the closest he comes to an apology. She does not
text: reply. Then calmly, but insistent--
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Madam, we cannot let her name your
dialog: successor. She has no right.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: When I am dead and she is dead and
dialog: you are dead, it matters not what
dialog: names we said or did not say. The
dialog: world will decide for itself.
text: Cecil looks puzzled and disturbed. He cannot decipher her
dialog: meaning, but he doesn’t like the tone of it--
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Now is not the time to soften...
text: But Elizabeth is distracted by the sound of braying. She
text: stops to look at the mare and the foal in the distance with
text: the Stable Hand. The foal is already on its feet, if wobbly.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It’s a fine day, isn’t it?
text: She tilts her face to the sun. Cecil is perplexed. She begins
text: to walk toward the mare and foal.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I shall see you inside.
text: Cecil watches her go for a few moments, perplexed, then turns
text: and walks toward the palace.
text: Elizabeth nears the horses, then stops, watching the foal
text: suckle from its mother. She squints from the sun and raises a
text: hand to shield her eyes. Notices her own shadow. Looks down
text: at it. Turns so that the shadow is in profile. Lowers her
text: arms and pulls the front hem of her dress so that the shadow
text: shows a bulge where her stomach is. Considers this silhouette
text: for a moment, then drops the dress.
text: She smooths the fabric flat.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT 97
text: Mary is in a basin, receiving a bath. She is wearing a
text: bathing gown in the water, as is custom.
dialog: 70.
text: The Four Marys attend to her, wiping her neck and arms with
text: damp cloths. Her belly rises just above the waterline like a
dialog: dome.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Vous lui donnerez quel prénom, si
dialog: c’est une fille?
dialog: (What will you name her, if it’s a
dialog: girl?)
speaker_heading: BEATON
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: The women laugh.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Margaret, I think - after my
dialog: grandmother. To remind her that she
text: is as much Tudor as Stuart.
dialog: (beat)
text: She is also Henry’s grandmother.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Will you name it after him, if it’s
dialog: a boy?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I think not. He shares the same
dialog: name as Elizabeth’s father.
speaker_heading: LIVINGSTON
dialog: Vous lui donnerez peut-étre le
dialog: prénom de votre propre pére?
dialog: (Perhaps you name him after your
dialog: own.)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (trying it out)
dialog: James...
text: She lets the name echo in her head. She likes it. Then--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh - Look...he likes it too...
text: The women look at the dome of her belly poking above the
text: water. There are small ripples across the surface from the
text: baby kicking. All five women stare in fascination.
text: PRELAP: The sound of HOOVES as we go TIGHT on the ripples.
scene_heading: INT. CARLISLE, ENGLAND - INN - PRIVATE ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is small and cramped. A cot, a simple desk and chair
text: and no more. Moray, only in his shirt, looks out a window at
text: something below, although we’re on him instead of what he
dialog: sees.
dialog: 71.
text: He proceeds to put on his doublet to make himself more
text: presentable as we hear footfalls coming up rickety stairs. A
text: knock at the door. Moray opens it a crack to verify who it
text: is, then lets the visitor enter. It’s a man in a hooded
text: cloak. He pulls out a chair for the man, who removes his
text: hood, revealing Lennox.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Elizabeth could not do better?
text: Moray ignores the slight. Sits down on the edge of the cot.
text: Lennox sits across.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: We too know what it is to be
dialog: exiled.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: (straight to business)
dialog: Your letter said you had a
dialog: proposal.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Have you burned it, as I asked?
text: Moray reaches over to the desk and picks up a small plate
dialog: covered with ashes--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Once Mary bears a child...
text: Dumps into the ground at Lennox’s feet.
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: There is no need for your son.
text: As Lennox brushes some of the stray ash off his stockings--
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: An infant cannot grant you pardon.
speaker_heading: LENNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: It is right that you should return
dialog: from exile. And it is right that my
dialog: son should be King.
text: Lennox looks back up - meets Moray’s eye with frosty
dialog: shrewdness-—
speaker_heading: LENNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: As King he would do what is
dialog: right...
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - DARNLEY’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Maitland and Lennox address Darnley, who is staring into his
text: fireplace at the flames, drinking from a goblet.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: David Rizzio. He is a liability to
dialog: your rightful place as King.
text: Darnley fetches a carafe to refill his goblet.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Enough. These are serious matters.
text: Darnley sets down the goblet, turns to Maitland.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Is it Bothwell who spreads these
dialog: rumours?
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Your sins are well known in court.
dialog: You have done little to hide them.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: I have...when I drink...I do not
dialog: know what I do...
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: (pivoting, gingerly)
dialog: Let us not dwell on that. We speak
dialog: of Rizzio’s relations with your
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: With Mary...? You are mistaken.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Does he not spend more time with
dialog: the Queen than your grace? Why else
dialog: would she make a common minstrel
dialog: her private secretary?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: It cannot be.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: What matter if it be true?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: I am not a cuckold.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Would you rather the honest truth
dialog: be told? That you are a sodomite?
text: Darnley pales at the accusation. Lennox goes in for the kill,
text: his impatience giving force to his voice--
speaker_heading: LENNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: We must erase your sins, and either
dialog: you are the adulterer or it is she.
dialog: 72A.
text: Maitland picks up a quill and holds it out to Darnley.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
text: The other Lords have signed.
text: Darnley takes the quill and dips it in the inkwell, then
text: bends over a parchment on the writing desk.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BACK STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: The Conspirators head single file up the spiral stairs to the
text: Queen’s Chamber, Darnley and Lennox amongst them. Lennox
text: looks sure of himself. Darnley looks hesitant.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Mary, Rizzio, Seton and Fleming are playing cards in the
text: small dining closet attached to the main room.
text: TIGHT on the table as Rizzio lays down a jack of clubs.
text: Mary lays down a king on top of Rizzio’s jack. Takes the
text: trump with a smile. Rizzio shakes his head, smiling too--
speaker_heading: RIZZIO
dialog: You've been saving that...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: It’s the only good card I--
text: But she’s interrupted by the sound of a door bursting open in
text: the main chamber, followed by the sound of boots.
text: Before she can even rise, Conspirators are pouring into the
text: room. Maitland spies Rizzio in the dining cabinet.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: (to Rizzio)
dialog: Come with me, sir.
text: Mary is standing now. Steps in front of Rizzio as Darnley and
text: Lennox appear in the doorway.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Stand aside.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You dare charge into my chamber
dialog: unannounced and--
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: (to two Lords)
dialog: Now.
text: And the two Lords lunge with daggers, attempting to reach
text: around Mary to stab Rizzio. The women scream. Mary is shocked
text: at the sight of the weapons.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I am with child...
text: Lennox grabs Mary and pushes her toward Darnley.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: (to Darnley)
dialog: Take her.
text: Darnley seems stunned himself, but pulls her out of the room.
text: Maitland, trying to set her at ease--
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: All that is done is the King’s own
dialog: deed and action.
text: He glances at Darnley as he says this. Mary glares at him.
text: The King? Darnley is pale and shaking. This is more than he
dialog: can take.
text: Fleming is horrified that her lover has anything to do with
dialog: this. Moving toward Maitland--
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: William - what are you--
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Do not interfere.
text: Two Conspirators make their way toward Rizzio. Fleming tries
text: to get in the way of them, but Maitland grabs her by the
text: wrist and yanks her aside. She falls to the ground.
text: Rizzio cowers, begging for mercy, but the Conspirators yank
text: him out of the room. As he’s being dragged across the chamber
text: Mary rushes forward--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No...
text: But one of the Conspirators holds a pistol up to her, cocked
text: at her belly, where her unborn child lies.
text: Then she hears a moan. Looks over to see the melee by the
text: main door. Conspirators stabbing Rizzio relentlessly.
text: The Conspirators step aside, revealing a bloodied Rizzio on
text: the ground, his near lifeless eyes still open, labored
text: breaths coming from his riddled chest. He looks to Mary. She
text: wants to go to him, but still has the pistol pointed at her.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: (to Darnley)
dialog: You must make the final blow.
text: Darnley is overcome with fear himself, and sickened by the
text: bloody body before him. But he manages to pull out his dagger
text: and take a few steps toward Rizzio before stopping.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Go on.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: I can’t...
text: Lennox has no more patience for his son’s timidity. He grabs
text: Darnley by the wrist and drags him over to Rizzio, then
text: drives Darnley’s knife-laden hand into Rizzio to deal the
text: final blow. Darnley lets go of the dagger, horrified. It
text: remains in Rizzio’s chest.
text: On Mary now, breaks into sobs as she sinks to her knees.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT
text: Bothwell gallops away from Edinburgh - alone on his horse, no
text: accompaniment - fleeing for his life. He glances back as he
text: rides, making sure he’s not being followed.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBERS - DAY
text: Silence except for a swishing sound...
text: Mary and Darnley sit on opposite sides of the room, still
text: both in shock. Mary’s tears are gone, but her eyes are still
text: red, and she’s made still by an oppressive numbness.
text: We CUT TO the source of the swishing sound. Kate is scrubbing
text: the floor where Rizzio’s corpse was. A Guard is standing near
text: her, keeping his eyes on Mary.
text: Kate finishes. Wipes her brow, and exits with the scrub brush
dialog: and bucket.
text: Back on Darnley, who glances over at Mary. She seems to be
text: staring beyond the walls into a bleak and uncertain future.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: He beguiled us both, Mary. He
dialog: brought us both dishonour.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You are trying to usurp my crown.
text: Maitland, hearing the hot exchange from the adjacent chamber,
text: looks inside to see what’s happening.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: (to Mary, pointing)
dialog: Have I not brought you a child?
dialog: As much for Maitland’s benefit as Darnley’s--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: One minute makes not a man. Nor do
dialog: your stupors, which made you more
text: woman than a man.
dialog: 76.
text: This stings Darnley to the core. He stands, mustering all the
dialog: authority he can.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Beg forgiveness. For your insult.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I shall not.
text: During which an Attendant enters, whispers to Maitland.
text: Maitland turns to Darnley.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: (approaching Darnley)
text: Bothwell has escaped.
text: Darnley turns to him, processing. Mary takes note. Darnley
text: turns back to Mary, his fury rising--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: This is your fault. This chaos. You
dialog: swore obedience to me on the day of
dialog: our marriage.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You are a traitor.
dialog: (to Maitland)
dialog: As are you.
dialog: (back to Darnley)
dialog: And until I am killed, and forever
dialog: after, God will see you as such.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: You will not be killed, Madam.
dialog: (to Darnley)
dialog: Let us go. We have much business.
dialog: Lord Moray will arrive soon.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My brother conspired...?
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Your brother returns to assist your
dialog: husband.
text: It’s a blow for Mary - the depth of the treachery.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: I want a drink. Where is the...
text: He looks around for a bottle of something. Heads into the
dialog: small dining closet. So as not to be heard--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Maitland)
dialog: Am I to be imprisoned here alone?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Or may I have the company of my
dialog: gentlewomen?
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: You may not, Madam.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then at least let my husband
dialog: remain. Or would you have a
dialog: drunkard for a King?
text: A beat. Then Maitland exits, closing the door behind himself.
text: Upon hearing the door close, Darnley re-enters the main
text: bedroom. Seeing Maitland gone--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come Henry. I do not feel well.
text: She gets up from the chair, then sways, seeming off-balance.
text: Darnley heads over to lend her an arm.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you forgive my harsh words?
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: If you will forgive mine.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Help me into bed...
text: She takes his arm as they head to the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COURTYARD - DAY
text: Moray enters the gate on horseback flanked by two armed
text: GUARDS. Maitland hurriedly approaches as he dismounts. They
text: exchange a few words. Moray walks with brisk urgency toward
text: the entrance, Maitland close behind.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Moray and Maitland enter to find Mary on the bed, clutching
text: her stomach, moaning in pain. Darnley is beside her, with the
text: four Marys and Kate.
speaker_heading: MORAY
text: She feigns.
text: Mary looks over at Moray - surprised to see him...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Brother...
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: We will need to undress her.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Come. All of you. She is fine.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: If we do not attend to her now, we
dialog: may lose the child.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: (to Darnley)
text: She feigns.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Moray)
dialog: Please...
text: Mary grips Darnley’s arm, gritting her teeth in pain.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: It is your son.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: (to Kate and Seton)
dialog: Do what you must.
dialog: (to Moray)
dialog: Out.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Sir...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Out I say.
text: Moray reluctantly exits.
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: (to Darnley)
dialog: Your grace...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Yes...of course...
text: And Darnley exits too. As soon as the door is shut, Mary sits
text: up, completely fine. Moray was right. She feigned. In
dialog: whispers to the women--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Who else have they killed?
speaker_heading: BEATON
text: No one. Lord Bothwell has fled.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: (distraught)
dialog: Madam - had I known...
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It is done.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: He said nothing and I am sick with
dialog: hate. I shall never forgive him or
dialog: have anything to do with him again.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Compose yourself. We must be strong
dialog: now.
text: Fleming nods. Mary gets up and retrieves a gold, jewel-
text: encrusted cross from her personal altar. Heads to the desk
text: and retrieves a letter opener.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Fleming)
dialog: Let them hear me. As I was.
text: Fleming begins to moan as Mary was. Meanwhile Mary starts to
text: pry the sapphire loose with the opener.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - EVENING
text: Seton scurries across the courtyard and approaches the Guard
text: standing sentry at the gate.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND MAN 1
dialog: You may not pass, Madam.
text: Seton removes a sealed parchment from the folds of her dress
text: and holds it out for the Guard.
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: Lord Bothwell.
text: Seton slips her fingers into her pocket and pulls out the
text: sapphire from the cross. Places it in the Guard’s hand. He
text: marvels at it. Seton then gives him the letter.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Mary and Darnley in bed. She is in her night clothes now,
text: looking spent. Darnley still has his arms wrapped around her.
text: They talk quietly, with their eyes closed, like lovers.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not yet.
text: He grips her tighter, pulling her close. He runs a palm
text: across her belly. A pause. Then--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: They forced me to. I didn’t know -
dialog: not until they arrived. And I was
dialog: drunk. I believed them. I knew not
dialog: what I did...
text: She knows it’s an utter lie, but she offers compassion--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Maitland is very persuasive.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My brother even more so. You must
dialog: be careful of them both.
text: A beat as she lets this settle in, Then--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: They will take your crown as well
dialog: as mine.
text: She lets this sink in for him. Then--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: We should leave here.
text: Darnley doesn’t answer. Mary presses, gingerly.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s best. For all three of us.
text: She places her hand on the one he has on her belly.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Darnley with Maitland, Moray and Lennox.
speaker_heading: MORAY
text: Not before she signs the pardons.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: We are drawing up the papers now.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: We will not wait on secretaries.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: It’s important that the people do
dialog: not accuse those who participated
dialog: as traitors. They must be pardoned
dialog: so there is no doubt of their
dialog: loyalty to the crown.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: When she signs, then you may go.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Am I to be told what I may and may
dialog: not do?
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: Who are these that give me orders?
dialog: (to Maitland)
dialog: A mere Lord?
dialog: (to Moray)
dialog: A bastard half-brother?
dialog: (to them both)
dialog: Am I not the King to whom you
dialog: promised fealty before you carried
dialog: out your violence? This King shall
dialog: go where he pleases with his wife
dialog: when it pleases him. Bring the
dialog: papers to us at Linlithgow. And do
dialog: not mistake your place again.
text: And Darnley exits. Moray and Maitland exchange an exasperated
dialog: glance.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: The Council is assembled. Among them Cecil and Dudley.
text: Silence. They wait patiently for Elizabeth. It feels as
text: though they have been there for a long while. Eventually
text: Dudley stands up--
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Two Ladies hold up Elizabeth's finished quilling design.
text: Elizabeth examines it, Bess at her side. Elizabeth is not
text: pleased with it. She points to a corner where we see an
text: interplay of leaves and flowers.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: The flowers are all of one colour.
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Poppies are red. I know of no other
dialog: colour that they--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: In the light they are many colours.
dialog: Red and others. Nature is more
dialog: subtle...and confusing...
text: From Bess’s expression we can tell she has no idea what
text: Elizabeth is talking about.
text: A knock. They all turn. The door opens, revealing Dudley.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
text: The council is met. News from
dialog: Scotland.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What do you think?
text: She points to the quilling.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Lovely.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Are the flowers not too plain?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: The news is urgent...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Dudley, fierce)
dialog: What news do I want from Scotland?
dialog: Bloodshed? Go conspire among
dialog: yourselves.
text: Dudley is surprised and shaken by the outburst, but he knows
text: Elizabeth well enough not to press her.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: Very well.
text: He exits. Elizabeth turns back to Bess and her Ladies, who
dialog: are as surprised as Dudley was. Regarding the quilling--
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Burn it. I shall begin again.
text: The Ladies stand motionless. Not sure if she means it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Burn it I say.
text: They take the quilling to the fireplace and lay it within the
text: flames. TIGHT on the carefully constructed flowers charring
text: and uncurling from the heat.
scene_heading: INT. LINLITHGOW PALACE - DAY
text: Mary, Darnley and their small entourage approach the castle.
scene_heading: INT. LINLITHGOW PALACE - EVENING
text: Mary and Darnley enter. We see scores of soldiers. Darnley
dialog: was not expecting this and we can read it on his face. As the
text: two enter, a command is given and the soldiers all turn to
text: stand at attention. Darnley sees Bothwell, fully armored.
dialog: Turns to Mary...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Was this you...?
text: By now Bothwell has approached with two Guards.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: (to Darnley)
dialog: Your chambers are ready.
text: Darnley looks back at Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Do not make them use force.
text: Darnley’s shocked by the betrayal.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: Moray, Maitland, Knox and Lennox are met.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: They have at least five hundred.
text: More are on the way.
speaker_heading: LENNOX
dialog: Then we shall raise our own army.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: (fatigued)
dialog: There is no appetite for war.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: So let us stir an appetite.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: When last we raised an army it was
dialog: still but half of hers with
dialog: England’
dialog: will be
dialog: Moray’s pessimism
dialog: She has
dialog: parlay.
dialog: s help. Without England we
dialog: crushed.
text: surprises them all.
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: outmanoeuvred us. Now we
scene_heading: INT. LINLITHGOW PALACE - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Moray and Maitland are being escorted down the hall to the
dialog: Receiving Room by
text: Bothwell and several Guards.
scene_heading: INT. LINLITHGOW PALACE - RECEIVING ROOM - DAY
text: A very pregnant Mary looks over a document. Bothwell to the
text: side. Maitland and Moray glance at each other anxiously as
text: she finishes reading, looks up--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My husband claims he knew nothing
dialog: of your plot until the day itself.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: That is not true. He signed a bond.
text: With his own hand.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: If you wish it destroyed,
dialog: however...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not destroyed.
dialog: (holds up the document)
dialog: We shall sign this pardon as soon
dialog: as you produce the bond.
text: Maitland looks to Moray. Moray nods. This can be done.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Aye, Madam.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. LINLITHGOW PALACE - COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Mary and Moray walk side by side. There are SOLDIERS camped
text: outside the palace.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You visited mother and me here,
dialog: before we left for France. Do you
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Yes. Those were...tumultuous
dialog: times...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Here, in this field - you lifted me
dialog: high when I said I wished to be a
dialog: bird.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: (awkward chuckle)
dialog: If you say so...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I understand why you wouldn’t
dialog: remember a trifling thing like
dialog: that. Of what consequence are the
text: fancies of a little girl.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Not all little girls are born to be
dialog: Queens.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I should like you to hold my child
dialog: up one day, and make him fly as you
dialog: made me.
text: She looks to him. He isn’t sure what to say.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: He will be born a Prince. And one
dialog: day King. I want him to love his
dialog: uncle and to be born into a
text: peaceful land.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: I wish the same.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then will you love your sister as
dialog: you would love her child?
text: He does not answer.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: For she still loves you, and if it
dialog: is a son, she will call him James,
dialog: for both his grandfather and his
dialog: uncle.
text: Moray turns, overcome with emotion - a rare event for him.
text: Mary touches his arm.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: James...
text: He turns back to her, swallowing his tears, clenching his jaw
text: to prevent himself from weeping.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: I do not deserve your kindness.
text: She is as moved hearing it, as he is saying it. She takes his
text: hand and kisses it.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: WRITING THE LETTER HERSELF Mary rides in the back of a
text: covered wagon with the Four Marys, too pregnant to ride on
text: her own. A few soldiers accompany the wagon. She looks out
text: onto landscape, taking in the stark beauty of her Kingdom.
text: She seems secure - sure of herself - far more so than when
dialog: she first arrived in Scotland. During which--
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: My dearest cousin - we have had our
dialog: differences and what sorrow it has
dialog: brought my heart. But before I
dialog: bring a child into this world...
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - DAY
text: TIGHT on a flat blade quilling a strip of paper for a half-
text: finished flower. Unlike before, the flowers are a blend of
text: several coloured papers, giving them a shaded look--
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: ...I wish to reconcile. I would our
dialog: child have two mothers...
text: The hand with the blade suddenly pauses at this, frozen half-
dialog: curl.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: ++.a mother who bears him...
text: We PULL BACK to see it is Elizabeth, listening as Bess reads
text: the letter to her - although it is still Mary’s voice we
dialog: hear.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: .»+-and you, his chosen Godmother...
text: Elizabeth is visibly moved by this. She sets the blade down.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: No child would be more blessed.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - SIDE CHAMBER - DAY
text: Mary squats as she is in labor, as children were birthed in
text: her time. Her hair is matted with sweat, her face flushed
text: from pain. Kate and the Four Marys are at her side.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: I am told the labor was long, but
dialog: only with suffering do we know joy.
dialog: What greater joy than to have ...a
dialog: son to call your own. Humbly do I
dialog: accept your invitation to be his
dialog: Godmother, that I might share in
dialog: your happiness...
text: As the bloody infant James is brought forth with one final,
dialog: painful push from Mary--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: ..-What is more, we should return
dialog: the issue of inheritance now that a
dialog: new generation is upon us...
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEENS CHAMBER - DAY
text: James - wiped clean, fast asleep - is being swaddled.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: Your terms are most agreeable, and
dialog: delight us greatly. It is only
dialog: right that your heirs succeed you
dialog: if you marry...
text: The exhausted but smiling Mary on her bed as the swaddled
text: baby is placed into her arms for the first time.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: .--and bear children of your own.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - STABLES - DAY
text: Elizabeth rides in a circle around the corral, holding the
text: reins of a second horse - the foal (now a pony) - training it
dialog: to be comfortable with a bridle.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: .--And should you not, it is my
dialog: son’s great honor to rule by your
dialog: sublime example.
text: TIME CUT TO Elizabeth helping to remove the bridle and then
text: petting the horse for having done well.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: We must meet him soon, that we
dialog: might kiss him and show him our
dialog: love. And so that both his mothers
dialog: might meet, who for too long have
dialog: not.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Mary is seated in the corner, breast-feeding her infant, a
text: warm, glowing maternal smile on her face as she looks down at
text: the suckling child. The Four Marys are present.
text: A knock at the door. Fleming heads to answer the door as
text: Seton retrieves a linen shawl to cover Mary’s breast as the
text: child continues to feed.
text: Once covered, Mary nods to Fleming, who opens the door,
text: revealing Darnley and Bothwell. Darnley looks meek, and the
dialog: worse for wear.
dialog: 89A.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: (re the child)
dialog: May I...?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Come.
text: Darnley goes over. Bothwell averts his eyes so as not to see
text: the Queen in undress.
text: Darnley looks down on the child. Attempts to stroke his
text: cheek. But as soon as he does, the child begins to cry.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shhhh.
text: But the child keeps crying. Beaton comes over. Mary hands the
text: child off to her. Beaton rocks the child back and forth as
text: Mary pulls the shawl over herself.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: (a weak smile)
text: Strong lungs.
dialog: Mary, calm and direct--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We have procured a house for you.
dialog: Bothwell will see you there.
text: A beat - Darnley comprehends the implication of her words.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: You imprison me?
text: Mary points to a document on her desk.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is this not your name?
text: Darnley goes over to it. Looks down. He’s caught, momentarily
text: frozen. But the inveterate liar that he is, he retorts with--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: It is forged.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Henry...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: I swear.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It is your hand.
dialog: 89B.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: They must have - they must have
dialog: plied me with wine. They tricked me
dialog: into it. Those scheming devils...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Stop...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Or that heretic Knox - possessed me
text: with some demon that took hold of
dialog: my spirit...
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: He is mad...
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: (lashing out at Bothwell)
dialog: Am I? Am I mad? Yes then, I am mad.
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: For I would never with my own free
dialog: will--
text: As he approaches her, desperate--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-You must believe me.
text: But Bothwell steps in between and grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let go, you brute.
text: But Bothwell does not. He looks to Mary again, almost
dialog: childlike--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Please...Am I not to see my own
dialog: son? Is he not to know his
dialog: father...?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: For your child’s sake, be contented
dialog: with a pardon and your life.
dialog: (glances at the child)
dialog: You may say good-bye.
text: Beaton brings the child over to Darnley. Darnley tries to
text: touch the child’s face again, but it only wails louder. The
text: possibility that this may be the last time he ever sees James
text: gets to Darnley. He begins to weep. To Mary--
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: Forgive me...for the love of God...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Go now.
dialog: 89C.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY
dialog: My darling...
text: She takes the child from Beaton. As she begins to rock him,
text: he stops crying.
speaker_heading: DARNLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I beg you...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Bothwell)
dialog: Take him.
text: Bothwell approaches Darnley and takes his arm. But he won’t
text: be man-handled again. He wrests his arm away, and with the
text: last bit of dignity he can muster, he exits on his own,
text: Bothwell following.
text: On Mary - rocking the child in her arms as she watches
text: Darnley and Bothwell exit.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: Mary’s assembled Council - including Moray, Maitland and
text: Bothwell - stand when she enters.
text: TIME CUT to everyone seating, mid-conversation--
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: You must divorce him, Madam.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It is forbidden.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Not by the Church of Scotland.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He is the father of my child. I
dialog: will not do him such an indignity.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
text: He threatens flight to England.
dialog: Should he raise an army there--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Elizabeth would not welcome him.
dialog: She is not so foolish as to choose
text: a degenerate over her sister.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S COUNCIL - DAY
dialog: Elizabeth’s council similarly gathered.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: If you grant her succession then we
text: are rewarding her disobedience.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What disobedience? She is not our
dialog: subject.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: And yet you would make us hers.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (with heat)
dialog: What have you produced in all your
dialog: travels between our kingdoms?
dialog: Discord. War. Death. And now you
dialog: have the boldness to doubt my
dialog: judgment? You had better question
dialog: yours.
text: Randolph, chin high, trying to maintain as much dignity as
dialog: possible--
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: I regret that you perceive me as a
dialog: failure.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: (stepping in)
dialog: We serve you fully, with all our
dialog: hearts. Any one of us would gladly
dialog: die for you. But Mary is our foe,
dialog: and a Catholic. Is it not within
dialog: our rights to ask that we never bow
dialog: to her as we bow before you?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: She is only your Queen if I should
dialog: not produce an heir.
dialog: 90A.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: And will you, Madam? For you have
dialog: given us little hope so far.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Darnley is cursed. We who have
dialog: wronged you on his behalf seek only
dialog: to prevent more wrong.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: He is harmless.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Not so. When I delivered him to his
dialog: lodgings he screamed things most
dialog: profane, and spoke of regicide.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You have commanded armies against
dialog: armies. Now you fear a single man?
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: I did not claim to fear him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then why advocate divorce?
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: My oath is to defend your safety.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: So you do fear him.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: No, I...what I meant...
text: Bothwell grasps for words. Rhetoric is not a strength.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Just as you vowed to protect me, I
dialog: vowed loyalty to my husband -
dialog: however regrettable that vow may
dialog: be. I owe him neither comfort nor
dialog: title, but I will not become a lady
text: Henry Eighth, dispensing with
dialog: husbands as he did wives.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH’S COUNCIL -DAY
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Despite your every effort she has
dialog: prevailed. She has proven herself,
dialog: in fact, far more capable than my
dialog: own Privy Council.
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Should I die before my time, we
dialog: could do worse than to place her on
dialog: the throne of England.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: ...I have brought peace to our
dialog: land, produced an heir to my throne
dialog: and arranged succession to my
dialog: sister’s. Our strength is secure.
text: Her command of the room is total. Then, with a softer tone--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let my husband rave and threaten.
dialog: We pity his madness, and it is
dialog: punishment enough.
dialog: 92.
text: As Mary stands, the Lords begin to stand and--
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: Nobles are exiting the Receiving Hall. Maitland and others
text: are in a small conspiratorial group. As Moray passes-—
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Sir, join us...
text: He ignores them and keeps walking. Maitland is surprised.
text: Bothwell emerges. Maitland turns his attention to Bothwell--
speaker_heading: MAITLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: My Lord, you argued well in
dialog: Council. May we borrow your wisdom
dialog: for a moment?
text: Bothwell is sceptical but intrigued. The circle opens to him.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER —- EVENING
text: THREE YEAR OLD JAMES sees something in the ashes of the
text: fireplace and teeters towards it.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: The hooded men place the barrels in the center of the cellar,
text: their work lit by a single lantern. One of them opens one of
text: the barrels and scoops a pile of dark powder into his hand.
text: Begins to lay a trail of the powder back toward the door.
scene_heading: INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: At the cellar’s entrance one of the hooded figures lowers the
text: candle and lights the trail of powder. It begins to burn
text: towards the barrel as the men hastily exit.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER —- EVENING
text: THREE YEAR OLD JAMES plays in the ashes of the fireplace.
scene_heading: INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A half-dressed Darnley and a naked YOUNG MAN seated at a
text: table, both drunk. They reach for the bottle at the same
text: time, knocking the bottle off the table and breaking a glass.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S BEDCHAMBER - EVENING
text: JAMES finds a DEAD BIRD in the ashes of the fire grate and
text: reaches towards it.
scene_heading: INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Darnley tries to pick up the glass but cuts himself in the
text: process. Winces in pain. Looks for a piece of cloth to wrap
text: his finger in.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN'S BEDCHAMBER - EVENING
text: Mary hurries over to James and lifts him up and away from the
text: carrion. Rubs his hands clean with the hem of her dress.
scene_heading: INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Darnley is wrapping his finger with his shirt tail, trying to
text: stem the blood he bends down to pick up the bottle when--
text: BOOM with a FLASH that fills the screen, an explosion rocks
text: the room. Darnley and the naked YOUNG MAN is hit by the brunt
text: of the explosion. A tapestry is blown from the wall across
text: the room, onto Darnley bending over on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - QUEENS CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Mary bolts up in bed, awakened from the sound. The Four Marys
text: are stirred awake too. James is standing in his crib, crying.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. DARNLEY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: FLAMES whooshing from the blown out window, engulfing the
dialog: house.
dialog: 93A.
scene_heading: INT. DARNLEY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: DARNLEY splutters awake in the burning building. He grabs the
text: tapestry and, using it to cover himself, runs from the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: EXT. DARNLEY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CUT TO the Hooded figures, watching this from afar.
text: CUT TO their POV and we see Darnley, stumbling from the
text: house. Wrapped in the smoking tapestry.
text: CUT TO the Hooded Men walking briskly toward him.
text: One of the Hooded Men bends down and, using the cord of the
text: smoking tapestry throttles Darnley. His eyes bulge in fear as
text: the life is choked out of him.
scene_heading: INT. HOLYROOD - BANQUET HALL/RECEIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Mary is sitting at one of the tables, cradling James, who is
text: fast asleep. The Four Marys are with her. There are half a
text: dozen Guards in the room.
text: Bothwell enters. He sits down across from her. Gently--
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: It was Lord Darnley.
text: Off Mary’s puzzled look--
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL (CONT’D)
text: An attempt on his life.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is he dead?
text: Bothwell gives her a sympathetic look which confirms this.
text: Mary breaks into sobs. James wakes up, troubled by his
text: mother’s tears. Seton comes over and takes the child from
text: her, who has begun to cry himself.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: I'll bring you to my estates. It’s
dialog: not safe for you here.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COURTYARD - DAY
text: The sky gray with pre-dawn light. Mary’s final few trunks are
text: being loaded onto a wagon. Mary is kneeling before James,
text: holding his hands to help him stand. Seton awaits on a horse.
text: Bothwell is with them. She’s saying good-bye, and it’s hard.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Will you be good?
text: The child stares blankly at her.
text: She lifts the child up to Seton. The child looks as though he
text: might cry. Mary takes his foot and shakes it. His would-be
text: tears morph into giggles.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes - you’ll be good.
text: And she tenderly kisses his foot. Then nods to Seton, trying
text: to remain strong in her farewell. Seton begins to trot out of
text: the gate, accompanied by two SOLDIERS on horseback.
text: Mary watches them go for a moment, in an impenetrable daze,
text: lost in her thoughts, oblivious to all else. Bothwell places
text: a hand on her shoulder. Then leads her toward her own horse
text: and the wagon where the three other Marys are already seated,
text: cloaks on, ready for the journey.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNBAR CASTLE - EVENING
text: Mary, Bothwell and the Royal Entourage approach the castle -
text: a gloomy, militaristic seaside edifice.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. DUNBAR CASTLE - GUEST CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Mary is being undressed by her ladies. They have only removed
text: her outer sleeves when the door opens, revealing Bothwell. He
text: turns away so as not to see her unsleeved arms.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Pardon...
text: The ladies move to re-attach her sleeves but Mary declines--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No need.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: May we speak in private?
text: She nods to the Marys. They file out past Bothwell, still
text: turned from her as he shuts the door behind them.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You may look. ‘Tis only my arms.
text: He turns to her. He looks nervous. It’s unlike him.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: I know it is smaller than your
dialog: lodgings in Edinburgh, but I hope
dialog: it will suffice.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What brings you?
text: Bothwell hesitates, then finding his confidence, launches in--
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: The Parliament will ratify a
dialog: proclamation demanding you wed a
dialog: Scottish subject now that you are
dialog: widowed.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It has only been a day...
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: They meet tomorrow. It is your
dialog: council’s advice that you should
dialog: marry me.
text: And now she’s beginning to connect the dots--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My God...What have you done?
text: Bothwell simply stares at her.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Madam...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Leave me. Now.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Madam...calm yourself...
text: He moves toward her. She skirts around him and heads for the
text: door, but he grabs her by the wrist. He pushes her onto the
text: bed and holds her down.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Murderer.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Did I not come to your aid when
dialog: your Lords rebelled?
text: Mary resists.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL (CONT’D)
dialog: Refuse and I will not come to your
text: aid when they rebel again.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Please...
text: He lets go. She sits up, overcome with sobs. Bothwell goes to
text: the door and opens it. To the three Marys in the hall--
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Come.
text: They enter, bewildered and concerned to see Mary in tears.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL (CONT’D)
dialog: Undress your lady.
text: They look to Mary. She is wiping her tears away now.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO--
text: Bothwell grunting over her. Perfunctory. Mary expressionless,
text: trying to block out what is happening.
text: A POP to the three Marys outside the draped bed, fighting
text: back their own tears as they hear Bothwell within, forcing
text: himself upon their mistress.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH CHURCH - DAY
text: Knox stands before his congregation as we saw him earlier in
text: the film. But now the room is doubly packed, people spilling
text: outside and lining the walls. And far more COMMONERS than we
text: saw the first time. Knox is really worked up.
speaker_heading: KNOX
text: The Queen is servant of Satan. She
text: is a fornicator. A whore of Bablyon
dialog: who defies the sanctity of
dialog: marriage. What’s worse, she has
dialog: broken the most solemn of
dialog: commandments: Thou Shalt Not
dialog: Kill...
text: We CUT TO the face of the commoners, rapt by the sermon, a
text: bubbling anger in their eyes.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: She had her husband killed so she
dialog: could wed his rival. Would we
dialog: worship a murderous harlot? Would
text: we kneel before a polecat who
dialog: bedded an Italian? An agent of
dialog: Rome? David Rizzio was slain for
dialog: such adultery, and now Queen
text: Strumpet marries another man whom
dialog: she bedded out of wedlock. How do
dialog: we know her son is not a bastard?
dialog: Our Kingdom has become a disgrace -
dialog: to God and all the world...
speaker_heading: COMMONER
dialog: (yelling out)
dialog: Death to the whore!
text: The crowd, whipped into a fervor, yells in approval. Others
text: start chanting “Death to the whore!” We hear their yells and
text: chants continue as--
scene_heading: INT. DUNBAR CASTLE - CHAPEL - DAY
text: Mary and Bothwell at the altar of the chapel, the Bishop
text: presiding. Maitland and Moray are in attendance.
text: TIME CUT TO Bothwell placing the rings on Mary’s hand. They
text: kneel and the Bishop blesses them both, then begins to pray.
text: This may be INTERCUT with the scene 154, adding a layer of
text: the priests chanting in the wedding portion.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - DAY
text: KATE scrubs graffiti off the walls of Holyrood.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - QUEEN’S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth and Dudley on her bed, the drapes drawn for
text: privacy. They are clothed. Her head is in his lap as he
text: strokes her hair. It’s very quiet and intimate.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Are we to do nothing as my sister
dialog: is deposed?
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: She is not your sister. Nor can she
dialog: be your successor. Not a woman
dialog: whose own subjects call her a
dialog: harlot.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This is Cecil speaking...
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: I speak for myself. Though all your
dialog: council agrees.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (more to herself than him)
dialog: How cruel men are.
speaker_heading: DUDLEY
dialog: What was that?
text: She does not respond.
scene_heading: INT. DUNBAR CASTLE - DINING HALL - DAY
text: Maitland and Moray sit across a table from Mary and Bothwell.
text: There is no food. Only the bare table top and the solemnity
text: of the conversation. Moray hates every moment of this.
text: Bothwell is furious. To Maitland and Moray.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: You promised that I would be King.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: If your betrothed does abdicate,
dialog: you are abdicated also.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: This was your intention...
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Events have overtaken all
dialog: intentions.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL
dialog: Liar! Events. Aye. Events by your
dialog: design. Is that not so?
text: They do not answer.
speaker_heading: BOTHWELL (CONT’D)
dialog: Speak...Be men and own your
dialog: treachery. Did you not deceive me?
text: While Bothwell is shocked, Mary is not. Looking Moray
text: straight in the eye.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: As they have done their Queen since
dialog: the day she returned.
text: Moray, ashamed, looks down at his hands.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Bothwell)
dialog: Were you fool enough to trust these
dialog: men? Who took up arms against you?
text: Bothwell looks tortured, having been played.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: You must abdicate, Madam.
text: She turns back to Maitland.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: When your son comes of age, he will
dialog: assume the throne.
dialog: (nodding to Moray)
dialog: Until then my Lord will be Regent.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Moray)
dialog: Brother?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: We found Mistress Seton. The boy is
dialog: now in our custody at Holyrood.
dialog: 99A.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You hold my son prisoner?
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Not prisoner. He is my ward, until
dialog: he is old enough to--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Your namesake, James. Named for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: I beg your forgiveness.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But if you wish him to be King one
dialog: day, you must abdicate.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I will not do it.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: You will, Madam. By force if we
dialog: must.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then I shall meet force with force.
text: Maitland has reached the end of his patience.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: The people believe you are a
dialog: traitor and a whore. What army can
dialog: defeat an entire nation turned
dialog: against its Queen? They would
dialog: sooner parade your head on a pike
dialog: than bow before a harlot. I for one
text: would gladly hold high the pike.
text: Mary is shocked by his blood-lust. Looks to Moray--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: He is right. You cannot raise an
dialog: army.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: Many times you have said I cannot
dialog: do what I have done.
speaker_heading: MAITLAND
dialog: Then we are finished here.
text: Maitland gets up and heads for the door. Moray remains
text: seated. Maitland turns back, waiting for him. Moray, with
dialog: true supplication, not wanting further conflict--
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: This is beyond my control. I ask
dialog: you to reconsider.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: All I have done is try to unify
dialog: this land.
text: A glimmer of hope on Moray’s face. Is she bending? But Mary
text: only allows her self-doubt to linger for a moment.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: To relinquish the crown would be
dialog: against God’s will.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: God will not protect you. But I
dialog: will protect you as my kin.
dialog: More lamentable than defiant--
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I wish that we were kin. But we are
dialog: no longer so.
text: Moray nods, disappointed. He understands and cannot fault
text: her. He stands and makes his way towards the door.
text: Bothwell moves his hand on top of Mary’s. She pulls hers
text: away. She cannot be comforted, certainly not by him.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNBAR CASTLE - DUSK
text: Mary is with the three remaining Marys at the cliff’s edge
text: overlooking the ocean. She and Fleming are at the fore,
text: Livingston and Beaton several yards behind. The waves are
text: crashing below. In French--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Si vous souhaitez fuir, vous et les
dialog: autres, vous devriez le faire
dialog: immédiatement. (If you and the
dialog: others wish to flee, you should do
dialog: so.)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Notre obligation est a vous. Nous
dialog: n’en avons pas 4 nous-mémes.
dialog: (Our duty is to you, not
dialog: ourselves.)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Vous avez assez fait. Vous ne me
dialog: devez pas vos vies.
dialog: (You have done enough. You do not
dialog: owe me your lives.)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Vous ne devriez pas non plus
dialog: risquer la vétre.
dialog: (Nor should you risk yours.)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Je n’ai pas le choix.
dialog: (I have no choice.)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Mais certes vous avez le choix.
dialog: (Of course you do.)
dialog: (gesturing to the ocean)
dialog: Regardez. La France est si proche,
dialog: nous pourrions presque la toucher.
dialog: (France is so close we could almost
dialog: touch it.)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (glancing back)
dialog: Prenez Livingston avec vous.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Elle s’est toujours sentie dépaysée
dialog: ici. Et Beaton languirait si elle
dialog: se trouvait toute seule.
dialog: (Take Livingston. She has never
dialog: felt at home here. And Beaton would
dialog: not fare well on her own.)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Mais Madame ...
dialog: (But Madam..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Faites ce que je vous dis.
dialog: (Do as I say.)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Les soeurs de se délaissent pas.
dialog: (Sisters do not abandon sisters.)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Une reine n’a pas de soeurs. Elle
dialog: n’a que son pays.
dialog: (A Queen has no sisters. She has
dialog: only her country.)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Un pays qui vous a délaissée.
dialog: (Which has turned on you.)
text: And now Fleming gestures to the land instead of the ocean--
speaker_heading: FLEMING (CONT'D)
dialog: Vous risquez tout pour ce pays
dialog: maudit et execrable?
dialog: (You would risk everything for this
dialog: wretched land and its wretched
dialog: people?)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I would.
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Le jeu n’en vaut pas la chandelle.
dialog: (It is not worth it.)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Je ne m’attends pas 4 votre
dialog: compréhension. Il n’y a qu’une
dialog: autre reine qui puisse comprendre.
dialog: (I do not expect you to understand.
dialog: Only another Queen could.)
speaker_heading: FLEMING
dialog: Elle vous a pourtant délaissée,
dialog: elle aussi.
dialog: (She too has turned on you.)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Et elle pourrait faire pire encore.
dialog: Mais je ne vais pas m’enfuir.
dialog: (And may do worse yet. But I will
dialog: not flee her.)
text: Now Mary turns her back on the sea to gaze on the land--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ma vie est ici maintenant.
dialog: (My life is here now.)
text: We begin to hear the sound of BAGPIPES--
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COURTYARD - DAY
text: James - five years old now - is running forward, much more
text: able on his feet than when we saw him last. He’s darting
text: toward something he sees on the cobblestones. Seton is
text: following him at a leisurely pace several yards behind.
text: James arrives at his destination and crouches down - it’s a
text: musket ball wedged between two cobblestones. He picks it up
text: and stares at it, fascinated. He starts to lick the musket
text: ball. Seton scurries forward.
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: No.
text: She takes the musket ball out of his hand.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Francais?
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: Balle.
text: He sees another one. Runs over and picks it up. Then another.
text: Picks that one up too. Seton follows.
text: As he rounds the corner he sees a PLATOON of troops
text: mustering. A QUARTERMASTER is handing out musket balls to
text: troops from a bucket, which they are placing in pouches. A
text: PIPER plays during all of this.
text: Seton comes up alongside James, who is staring at the troops
text: with as much fascination as he did the musket ball.
speaker_heading: SETON (CONT'D)
dialog: Soldat.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Soldat.
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: Soldiers.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What is soldiers?
speaker_heading: SETON
text: They fight.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fight what?
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: (with some sadness)
dialog: Ta mere.
text: James looks up at Seton, not fully understanding.
text: PRELAP: the SOUND of a MASSIVE BATTLE - screams, yells, the
text: clanking and clashing of arms, then CUT TO--
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTISH CHURCH - DAY
text: KNOX stands before congregation. We see images of Mary and
text: Moray preparing for battle.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Oh Lord, hear our prayer, that we
dialog: may rid this land of this Harlot-
text: Queen and her murderer-husband.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL PRIVATE CHAPEL - DAY
text: MARY alone at prayer. Bothwell, unnoticed is behind her. He
text: watches her and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. LARGE CHURCH - DAY
text: MORAY at prayer with his soldiers on the eve of battle. It is
text: a huge and well-armed force.
speaker_heading: KNOX V.O
dialog: Hear our prayer for those men, who
dialog: do as God commands them to do...
dialog: .-».not that which seems good in
dialog: their own eyes.
text: YOUNG JAMES I has crept into the church and is watching Moray
text: through the soldiers’ legs.
speaker_heading: KNOX V.O
dialog: Our prayers will be heard. But
dialog: those Catholic traitors who fight
text: with her, speak into the void.
dialog: 104A.
scene_heading: EXT. LANGSIDE - FIELD - DAY
scene_heading: VERY TIGHT on HECTOR - THE HIGHLANDER - the one who Mary
text: spoke to. His entire face fills the screen. We see nothing
text: else. It is streaked with mud and caked blood. He is on his
text: back. Fallen.
text: We can hear the battle surrounding him on all sides,
text: CLAMORING and FIERCE, but see NOTHING of it, only his face.
text: He gurgles fresh blood from his mouth. The sound of the
text: battle starts to FADE as we push into his eyes, replaced only
text: by the sound of his strained breathing.
text: As we push CLOSER we hear his voice, in SCOTTISH GAELIC,
text: struggling to recite “Hail Mary”--
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Failte dhut a Mhoire, tha thu lan
dialog: de na grasan...
text: We CUT TO his POV - straight up. Nothing but the sky fills
dialog: the frame--
speaker_heading: HECTOR (V.O.)
dialog: Tha an Tighearna maille riut.
dialog: Is beannaichte thu am measg nam
dialog: mna...
text: CUT TO VERY TIGHT on MARY'S EYES - filled with horror -
text: watching the battle from afar. Only her EYES fill the frame,
text: slowly pulling out to see the despair on her face--
speaker_heading: HECTOR (V.O.)
dialog: «--agus beannaichte toradh do
dialog: bhronn, Iosa.
dialog: A Naoimh Mhoire, Mhathair Dhé,
dialog: guidh air ar son ne na peacaich...
dialog: 105.
text: CUT BACK TO the SKY, as it fades to BLACK--
dialog: .--a nis, agus aig uair ar bais.
text: And just before it reaches total black, we hear hear the
text: last, shallow breath of the Hector.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COURTYARD - DAY
text: A CONTINUATION of Scene 161. On James looking at the gate as
text: Moray enters on horseback, flanked by two CALVARYMEN also on
text: horseback. He is muddy from the battle. Sees the troops
text: mustering. All activity stops and they stand at attention as
text: he slowly rides in. To a CAPTAIN overseeing the Quartermaster-
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: Dismiss them.
text: The Captain stares at him blankly. In anger, mixed with his
dialog: own shame and fatigue--
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Dismiss them! It is done.
text: There’s nothing euphoric about this victory. The Captain
text: immediately forms the troops to march out of the courtyard.
text: During which Moray sees James and Seton. He dismounts and
text: approaches the child as he takes his gloves off. Seton looks
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Where is maman?
text: He crouches down to eye-level with James. Places his hand
text: over the child’s heart.
speaker_heading: MORAY
dialog: She is here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you will make her proud...
text: Then he lifts the child up - and holding him so he’s now at
dialog: the eye-level of a grown man--
speaker_heading: MORAY (CONT’D)
dialog: .--for one day you will be King.
dialog: And all this will be yours.
speaker_heading: SETON
dialog: (to Moray)
dialog: Does she live?
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: EXT. SOLWAY FIRTH - DAY
text: Pre-dawn light. The FISHERMAN preparing a rowboat for the
text: journey across. Two of Mary’s ESCORTS are with her. As the
text: Fisherman sets to unfurling the sail, Mary gazes out across
text: the water at a thin ribbon of land on the horizon--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: England does not look so different
dialog: from Scotland.
speaker_heading: FISHERMAN
dialog: Aye, they are sisters.
text: She stares into the distance a moment longer, then heads over
text: to the rowboat. The Fisherman and the Escorts help her board.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - SITTING ROOM - DAY
text: TIGHT on Elizabeth, trying on a wig - bright red. Looking
text: into a hand mirror that Bess is holding up for her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Let us try the other.
text: One of her Ladies removes the current wig as Bess retrieves
text: the second one and helps Elizabeth put it on. Then holds the
text: mirror up to her again. Elizabeth takes the mirror herself so
text: she can see it from all angles.
speaker_heading: CECIL (0.S.)
dialog: Madam.
text: Elizabeth tilts the mirror and in it sees Cecil in the
text: doorway. As Cecil steps into the room so he can face her--
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: If anyone were to learn of such a
dialog: meeting - whether it be the
dialog: Scottish Lords or our own here in--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I agree that secrecy is vital.
dialog: Alas, you have a skill for keeping
dialog: such things hidden. So put your
dialog: skills to use.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Is it guilt, Madam?
text: Elizabeth turns to him, offended. He has struck a nerve.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CECIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Because a monarch should never feel
dialog: guilt.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: My motive is not your concern. Do
dialog: as I say and make the arrangements.
text: Cecil is smart enough not to challenge the rebuke. He bows in
text: submission and exits. Elizabeth picks up the mirror and
text: inspects the wig once more.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: This one I think.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST COTTAGE - DAY
text: A small cottage in a clearing surrounded by woods. The
text: Attache is out front, keeping guard. He hears dogs barking in
dialog: the distance.
scene_heading: INT. FOREST COTTAGE - DAY
text: Mary is at a small window, looking out.
speaker_heading: ATTACHE
text: Away from the window, Madam.
text: Mary steps away from the window and the Attache shutters it.
text: A moment later Bess enters. Eyes Mary for a moment, then
text: turns to the attache.
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: I rode ahead. She’1l be here soon.
text: On Mary, full of anticipation at hearing this. Then Bess
text: whispers something into the attache’s ear. He turns to Mary--
speaker_heading: ATTACHE
dialog: Come.
text: He leads her to the rear, hidden by washing hanging from the
text: rafters, out of sight from the front of the room.
speaker_heading: ATTACHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Remain here.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST COTTAGE - DAY
text: The CAPTAIN helps Elizabeth off her horse. So as to be heard
dialog: by the rest in the hunting party--
speaker_heading: 107A.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I should like some privacy whilst I
dialog: rest.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Of course, Madam.
text: Elizabeth makes her way toward the cottage alone.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: INT. FOREST COTTAGE - DAY
text: Elizabeth enters. Looks around the main room and sees Bess
text: and the Attache. He bows.
speaker_heading: ATTACHE
dialog: Your Majesty.
text: They silently retreat to another portion of the cottage,
text: leaving Elizabeth alone. She does not move.
text: BACK TO Mary, leaning forward, tempted to get up and meet
text: her, but remaining where she is as instructed.
text: BACK TO Elizabeth, her heart is pounding too. She takes
text: several steps forward.
text: CUT TO Mary as footfalls draw near, floorboards creaking.
text: Then they stop.
text: Mary listens for a moment, still, should she say something?
text: CUT BACK TO Elizabeth, frozen. She is building the courage to
dialog: confront Mary.
dialog: BACK TO Mary--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Cousin...?
text: And we INTERCUT between the two, in separate spaces, hearing
text: but not seeing each other.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Aye...
text: Elizabeth swallows her anxiety and steadies herself. Louder--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you well?
text: Mary desperately wants to go to her but holds back. She
text: doesn’t want to do anything to offend Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Your voice is not what I expected.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What did you expect of it?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I do not know.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Vous préférez que nous nous
dialog: parlions en frangais?
dialog: (Would you rather we speak French?)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We are in your country. I shall
dialog: speak your language.
text: She waits for Elizabeth to respond, but she does not. Mary
text: takes a step closer.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: How I long to see your face.
text: But she stops short of revealing herself.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No one can know we meet.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes, I have been instructed.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If you speak of it to anyone, I
dialog: shall deny. And I will regard your
dialog: words as treason.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Am I your subject now?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (softer)
dialog: No - you are not my subject.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you seek refuge.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (swallowing pride)
dialog: I am grateful for your protection.
text: They are so close, but still cannot see each other.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: How did it come to this?
text: Elizabeth does not have an answer.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: May I see you, sister?
text: Elizabeth is frozen. Mary waits, but with no response, steps
text: into the same space as Elizabeth. As she does Elizabeth
text: turns, so her back is to Mary. Elizabeth brings her fingers
text: to the side of her wig, making sure there are no underlaying
text: locks out of place.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My eyes are weary from travel.
text: Mary gazes at Elizabeth’s back.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I should have stayed true to your
dialog: love. I should have followed your
dialog: example and never married.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: But then you would have no son.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Whom I have not seen these past two
dialog: years. Whose mother is without a
dialog: crown. Whose own throne is usurped
dialog: by his uncle.
text: Elizabeth still has her back to Mary--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You must have faith your brother
dialog: will keep his word.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I have no faith in him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have only faith in you.
text: On Elizabeth, closing her eyes. She can guess what is to come
text: next, and it is a difficult matter. Mary takes a few steps
dialog: closer to her--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: You would let them show the world
dialog: that a Queen can so easily be
dialog: forsworn?
dialog: No answer from Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Answer me, sister.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: To war with Scotland and betray my
dialog: own clergy on a Catholic’s behalf -
dialog: no. I cannot. You know I cannot.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Did you come so far at such great
dialog: risk only to refuse me?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I came because...
text: But she decides not to finish the sentence. Mary waits, then--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If you refuse me, say it to my
dialog: face. Do not force to me beg to
dialog: your back.
text: Elizabeth turns and they take each other in for the first
text: time. We see pride and humility on both their faces, anger
text: and love, compassion and antagonism - a kaleidoscope of
dialog: contradictions. Then, eventually--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I will kneel before you if I must.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It would make no difference. You
dialog: are safe here in England. But that
dialog: is all I can offer.
text: Mary cannot contain her emotion any longer, her frustration
text: and anger and sorrow and despair rise up.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I have been abandoned by so many. I
dialog: am utterly alone.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: As am I. Alone.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then be my sister. Be my boy’s
dialog: Godmother. Together we could
dialog: conquer all of those who doubt us.
dialog: Do not play into their hands. Our
dialog: enmity is precisely what they hope
dialog: for. I know your heart has more
dialog: within it than the men who counsel
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I am more man than woman now. The
dialog: throne has made me so.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: But I have no enmity with you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Except to seed rebellion and
dialog: deceive me time and time again.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You would do well to watch your
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I will not be scolded by my
dialog: inferior.
text: Elizabeth is stunned by the comment.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Your inferior...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I am a Stuart, which gives me
dialog: greater claim to England than you
dialog: possess.
text: Elizabeth brings a hand to her wig--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I had this made because I wanted to
dialog: present the best version of myself.
text: She takes off the wig and stares at it as--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I was jealous. Your beauty. Your
dialog: bravery. Your motherhood...
text: She looks up at Mary--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: You seemed to surpass me in every
dialog: way.
dialog: (a beat, then coldly)
dialog: But now I see there was no cause
dialog: for envy. Your gifts are your
dialog: downfall.
text: She tosses the wig onto the dining table. Mary is shaken, but
text: tries to maintain her dignity. Chin held high.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What now, sister?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You will still have my protection.
dialog: On my terms.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Until you have me killed.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I will do no such thing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Wouldn't you? As Henry killed your
dialog: mother?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I am not my father.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: His blood is your blood.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: As long as you do not provoke my
dialog: enemies, you have nothing to fear.
dialog: Your fate is in your own hands.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If I seek to help your enemies, tis
dialog: only because you pushed me to their
dialog: arms. And should you murder me,
dialog: remember that you murder your
dialog: sister...and you murder your Queen.
text: That is the final straw. Elizabeth goes to the door leading
text: to the kitchen and opens it. Both Bess and the Attache stand.
text: As Elizabeth goes to the door Bess glances over at Mary, who
text: glares back at her, defiant.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST COTTAGE - DAY
text: As Elizabeth approaches the hunting party, she forces a smile
text: for show. Everyone starts to mount their horses. Elizabeth,
text: in hushed tones to the CAPTAIN as he lifts her to her saddle--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Take her somewhere you can guard
dialog: her well.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COURTYARD - DAY
text: TIGHT on a hand reaching into a small bucket of musket balls,
text: grabbing one and placing it into another’s hand. We PULL BACK
text: to see it has been given by a SCOTTISH COLONEL to a YOUNG
text: MAN, only 20-years old. The Young Man places the ball into
text: the barrel of the musket, then pushes it down with a rod.
text: He lifts the musket to his shoulder and takes aim at a straw
text: target placed on the other side of the courtyard. Pulls the
text: trigger and fires the weapon, hitting his mark.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Very good.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Another.
text: As the Colonel retrieves another musket ball, an ATTENDANT
text: approaches with a folded parchment.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Sir...
text: The Young Man looks over.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (CONT’D)
dialog: A letter, from England.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COURTYARD - DAY
text: Alone, the Young Man reads the letter, the expanse of the
text: valley below.
text: We hear Elizabeth’s voice, much older and deeper now--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.0.)
dialog: My dear cousin, I write to you of
dialog: your mother, whose care you have
dialog: entrusted to us these many years...
dialog: And now we realise that the young man is James.
text: We REPRISE PORTIONS OF THE FOOTAGE from the beginning of the
text: film - where we only see Mary from behind - but now with
text: Elizabeth’s letter overlaid.
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - DAY
text: She is on her knees in prayer, joined by her CHAMBERMAIDS,
text: facing the door.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
text: With an extreme dolor that
dialog: overwhelms my mind for that
dialog: miserable incident which has
dialog: befallen...
text: The heavy door pivots open, revealing Andrews. He bows his
text: head, then, with solemnity and respect--
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: It’s time.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Elizabeth walks toward us, looking the age we saw her last.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: I tell you that while I mourn, I
dialog: feel no guilt, for I am innocent...
text: Elizabeth rounds the corner and we see her appear on the
text: other side, she is 10 years older - more make-up, a brighter
text: wig, her dress more regal--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: ...A Prince cannot be guilty for
dialog: what is just. What other answer to
dialog: such plots against my throne...
text: A double set of doors are opened for her and as we see her
text: pass through she is another 5 years older, more gaunt, her
text: dress even more elaborate and severe--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: ...than to respond to treason with
dialog: the punishment that it demands. How
dialog: it ages me to bear such a burden...
text: Another set of double doors. And this time as she passes
text: through we see her finally at age 54, the year of Mary’s
text: execution. She almost looks inhuman - thick make up hiding
text: wrinkles, a fiery wig, massive collar and ornate dress. She
dialog: has entered the Privy Council Chamber---
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: ...the figurehead of justice that
dialog: would take away a mother you
dialog: remember not...
scene_heading: EXT. HOLYROOD - COURTYARD - DAY
text: On James, tears welling in his eyes as he looks out over the
dialog: valley...
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: ..-Know that when I see her in my
dialog: mind’s eye, I see not an aged
dialog: woman...
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: As an aged Cecil places a document before Elizabeth - the
text: warrant for Mary’s execution - she stares directly at us,
text: stoic, an old woman lost in a memory--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: ...but rather the young,
dialog: resplendent Queen whose portrait I
dialog: first gazed upon five and twenty
dialog: years ago...
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - CORRIDOR
text: Mary approaches the Great Hall as she did at the beginning,
text: but now we are in front of her instead of behind her, and she
text: is the young, resplendent Queen Elizabeth imagines--
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No older than when she first set
dialog: foot upon this island...
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - GREAT HALL - DAY
text: The vast room is filled with a hundred spectators. The wooden
text: stage. Soldiers to the side.
text: The crowd parts to make room for Mary and her procession as
text: they enter. The spectators look upon her with silent awe and
text: fascination as she heads directly for the stage, mounts the
text: steps to the platform where two MASKED MEN stand waiting for
text: her. One of them offers her a small stool on which to sit.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO--
dialog: TIGHT on Mary as The Clerk of Elizabeth’s Privy Council,
scene_heading: ROBERT BEALE - reads the warrant--
speaker_heading: BEALE (0.S.)
dialog: By order of our sovereign
dialog: Elizabeth, Queen of England, Wales
dialog: Ireland and Overlord of Scotland,
dialog: certified...
text: He continues on after the word “Scotland” but his voice fades
text: out as Mary begins to speak, directly to the camera, in a
text: quiet, intimate voice.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: James, my only son, I pray that
dialog: with your life you will succeed
dialog: where I could not, and for which I
dialog: am about to give my life...
text: We CUT TO Bull - the Executioner - who bows his head in
dialog: supplication--
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: I plead your forgiveness, Madam.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I forgive you with all my heart.
dialog: For now, I hope, you shall make an
dialog: end of all my troubles.
text: Bull gestures to a cushion before her in front of the block.
text: Mary kneels and begins to pray, head bowed, eyes closed--
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Salve, Regina, Mater misericordie,
dialog: vita, dulcedo, et spes nostra,
dialog: salve.
dialog: Ad te clamamus exsules filii Heve,
dialog: In te Domino confido...
text: Her Latin prayer fades as it is replaced my Mary's V.O.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: I shall be watching you from
dialog: heaven...
text: Mary’s eyes open as Bull places his hand on Mary’s shoulder.
text: We hear the steady drone of a single bag pipe.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON COURT - RECEIVING CHAMBER - DAY
text: James, in full regal attire, sitting on Elizabeth’s throne,
text: crown atop his head, scepter in hand, staring straight into
dialog: the camera--
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: As your crown, one day, unites two
dialog: Kingdoms.
text: A flourish of notes from the bag pipe.
scene_heading: INT. FOTHERINGHAY CASTLE - GREAT HALL
text: Bull gently guides her head to the chopping block.
text: We are TIGHT on her face as we see the frescoed ceiling
dialog: beyond it.
dialog: 118.
text: She is trying to keep calm but she is breathing fast now,
text: pulse racing in her final few moments. The axe will fall any
text: second. To us, in a whisper as the pipes play--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And we shall have peace.
text: A deep intake of air, the pipes growing even louder. A slow
text: exhale. The briefest flash of calm.
scene_heading: BLACKOUT. SILENCE.
dialog: 
