dialog: 
scene_heading: MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD
dialog: Written by
dialog: John Collee &amp; Peter Weir
scene_heading: 1. THE OCEAN - DUSK
text: From blackness, a pattern slowly emerges - shimmering,
text: abstract lines form into waves cresting above steep-sided
text: valleys of water.
text: Finally the picture settles into a high, wide shot of the
text: ocean and an adjacent coastline.
text: In a corner of the screen, the last rays of sunlight touch a
text: small, dark shape causing it to glow in the gathering
text: darkness: A three-masted sailing vessel.
scene_heading: 2. THE SHIP - DUSK
text: [ ] She passes close enough to touch: hawsers as thick as a
text: man's trunk, massive black-painted timbers, muzzles of her
text: great guns projecting from every gun-port.
text: As the ship glides past and away from us, her name is
text: visible, picked out in dull gold on the transom - Surprise.
scene_heading: 3. ANOTHER ANGLE - DUSK
text: The ship in silhouette - RUN CAPTION:
dialog: HMS Surprise
dialog: Armament: 28 guns Crew: 197 souls.
dialog: Location: Coast of Brazil, November 1806
dialog: Mission: Intercept and destroy French
dialog: Privateer, Acheron
scene_heading: 5. THE GREAT CABIN - DUSK
text: CAPTAIN JACK AUBREY, with his back to us, bends over the
text: table, studying charts.
text: His servant, KILLICK, a pig-tailed, ear-ringed man of
text: indeterminate age, refills the glass at his elbow.
text: JACK drinks. The glass catches the setting sun as it drops
text: below the great casement windows.
text: KILLICK lights a lamp, places it next to his captain and
dialog: retires.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (Absently) Thankee Killick
scene_heading: 4. THE CHARTS:
text: a beautifully drawn chart of the South American coastline.
text: Jack's hands place a second chart on top of the first,
text: bringing the north-east coast of Brazil into view. Then
text: another, each one enlarging the view of the preceding one.
text: On the final chart we can read navigational symbols and
dialog: detailed information in fine copperplate script:
text: 6 fa. Shoals suddenly to half fa. Rocks
text: (exact position unknown). Hidden reef.
scene_heading: 6. BELOW DECKS - NIGHT
text: Another lamp illuminates 1st lieutenant TOM PULLINGS, his
text: pleasant open face marred by a diagonal sabre scar running
text: from brow to chin.
text: He is making a final tour of inspection before lights out.
scene_heading: 7. THE DOCTOR'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Dr STEPHEN MATURIN, a keen naturalist, sits at his desk
text: surrounded by specimen jars, books and scientific
dialog: instruments.
dialog: [ ]
text: TOM PULLINGS glances in as he moves past the cabin door, but
text: the doctor, placing weights on some finely-balanced
text: structure, is too engrossed to notice him.
scene_heading: 8. MIDSHIPMAN'S BERTH - NIGHT
text: In the quarters for the 'young gentlemen', boys trained from
text: an early age to become officers, four lads play at marbles.
text: PETER CALAMY (16) and LORD BLAKENEY (13) are arguing about
text: whether a marble was inside outside the circle as their berth
text: mates BOYLE (15) and WILLIAMSON (14) wait for the game to
dialog: resume.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: In
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Out.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
text: In. It was here. The line is in.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
text: It was there. It was out. Out
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: In. Tell him Boyle. It was in I say.
text: The lamp moves on, illuminating a fifth midshipman, much
text: older than the rest. This is HOLLOM, aged 24. He's a
text: sensitive-looking fellow, idly strumming a guitar, glancing
text: up briefly as TOM PULLINGS passes.
scene_heading: 9. GUN-DECK - NIGHT
text: By the galley stove at the forward end of the gun-deck a few
text: of the foremast hands enjoy a last smoke and a mug of grog.
text: Faster Doudle passes his mug to Higgins who guzzles it down
text: greedily
text: One man, BECKETT, sits shirtless while another, AWKWARD
text: DAVIES, brow furrowed with concentration, tattoos the first
text: link of what will be a great chain round BECKETT's waist.
text: JOE PLAICE, at 45 one of the oldest men on board, stops in
text: the middle of a story as PULLINGS passes, everyone knuckling
text: their foreheads in deference to the officer.
scene_heading: 10. BETWEEN TWO GUNS - NIGHT
dialog: Boys no more than eight or nine years old play a game of
text: 'jacks' with some sheep bones. ADDISON, RYE and SWIFT are the
text: powder-monkeys who ferry powder from the hold to the guns
dialog: during action.
scene_heading: 11. BERTH DECK - NIGHT
text: A hundred hammocks swing like strange pods, close packed
text: under the immense beams. Most of the occupants are already
text: asleep: here an arm, there a lolling head
speaker_heading: HOLLAR
dialog: Lights out!
text: On the bosun's command, the last of the off-duty men climb
text: into their hammocks.
text: The last lights are extinguished. Only PULLINGS' lamp
text: remains, moving up the ladder to...
scene_heading: 12. WEATHER DECK - NIGHT
text: The uppermost or weather deck consists of two parallel
text: gangways linking the forecastle (forward) to the quarterdeck
dialog: (aft).
text: The lead is dropped from the bows. As PULLINGS walks aft to
text: the quarterdeck as each man lets go his coils of the deep sea
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: Watch there! Watch
text: Somewhere a bell sounds and the silent figures of the watch
text: call from their stations.
speaker_heading: WATCH CAPTAINS
dialog: - Lifebuoy all's well!
dialog: - Starboard gangway all's well!
dialog: - Starboard bow all's well!
text: Over this, the splash of the lead and the repeated cry of
dialog: "Watch there! Watch!"
scene_heading: 13. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: Pullings has joined the officer of the watch, 2nd Lieutenant
text: MOWETT, a short tubular man in his early 20s.
text: JACK climbs up a ladder and we see him properly for the first
text: time: a heavy-set man in his thirties, thick blonde hair
text: clubbed at the back
text: At the binnacle, by the ship's great wheel. The helmsman,
text: BONDEN - a London cockney with a boxer's face - gives JACK
dialog: their current course.
text: JACK nods, then moves to the gunwale with PULLINGS. Jack
text: sniffs the air and speaks in a low voice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How I do hate a lee shore
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: You think we'll have long to wait?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Intelligence reports had her leaving
dialog: Boston on the 12th, that should put us at
dialog: least a week ahead.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: She'll be in for a surprise, Sir.
text: The pun on the name of their ship was unintentional, but JACK
text: lets out a great hoot of laughter, shattering the tense,
text: expectant silence.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: In for a "Surprise". Now that's wit. "In
dialog: for a Surprise". 'Pon my word I shall
dialog: have to tell the Doctor.
text: He leaves, still laughing. Those on the quarterdeck are more
text: amused by JACK's unique sense of humour than by the feeble
dialog: joke itself.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: (calls back)
dialog: Don't put her on the reef, Tom.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: I'll try not to, Sir.
scene_heading: 13A INT. STEPHEN'S CABIN
text: Jack looks around the door
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you have there, Stephen?
text: He enters. Stephen has wired together the thorax of a bird's
text: skeleton and is suspending lead weights from it
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The breastbone of a frigate bird. Do you
dialog: remark its prodigious strength.
text: Jack bends forwards into the candle-light, sharing his
dialog: friends keen interest in this strange assembly
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I do and I am not in the least surprised,
dialog: for it reminds me of nothing so much as a
dialog: ship under sail. See here the bowsprit.
dialog: Here the mast, and here the backstays
text: running aft.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (adds another weight)
dialog: Ten pounds sixteen ounces. I am preparing
dialog: a paper for the Royal Society.
text: Jack straightens, moving with care between the bottled
text: specimens, open books and brass measuring instruments
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was thinking when our business here is
dialog: finished, we will have to put in to
dialog: Recife for provisions. You may care to
dialog: take a tour round the forests of Brazil,
text: botanizing and collecting specimens. An
text: anaconda or two. A giant cassowary.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I should like it of all things, Jack.
dialog: Thankyou.
scene_heading: 14. WIDE ON THE SURPRISE - NIGHT
text: Time passes. The fog intensifies. White coils of mist drift
text: and eddy over the glassy sea, RUN FINAL TITLES as the ship
text: moves slowly through the night.
speaker_heading: 15-16 (ADDED TO SC 12)
scene_heading: 17. IN THE GREAT CABIN, LATER - NIGHT
text: The chronometer ticks. The coffee-pot swings on its gimbals.
text: JACK lies awake in his hanging cot. Finally he gives up
text: trying to sleep.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Killick! Killick there! Strong coffee,
text: and light along my topcoat.
scene_heading: 18. ON THE QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: JACK on deck again.
speaker_heading: QUARTERMASTER
dialog: Six bells and all's well.
text: A hint of daylight to the east. The mist beginning to shift
text: as an offshore breeze picks up.
speaker_heading: LEAD-MAN
text: 90 fathoms, white shelly sand.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Four knots, Sir.
text: BONDEN is still at the wheel.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: Oi reckon as she's liftin' Sir, if you
dialog: feels like putting your éad down.
text: JACK takes his advice and goes below again.
scene_heading: 19. - THE SHIP (TIMELAPSE)
text: The sky a shade paler. A wind coming up.
scene_heading: 20. ON THE STARBOARD GANGWAY - DAWN
text: The lookout, VINCENT, peers into the mist.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
text: Starboard gangway ahoy.
text: HOLLOM, the oldest of the midshipmen, whose watch it now is,
text: appears at his shoulder.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: What is it, Vincent?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
text: I heard something. A bell.
text: HOLLOM peers out into the fog, then turns.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: Native fisherman perhaps.
dialog: (shouts) Mr. Calamy!
text: Midshipman CALAMY comes running forward.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM (CONT'D)
dialog: The lead, if you please.
text: Young CALAMY takes the lead, scrambles into the chains at the
text: bow of the ship and throws out the lead line.
text: HOLLOM takes up a telescope and searches through the eddies
text: of fog.
text: Over HOLLOM's P.O.V. we can hear CALAMY sounding the depth.
speaker_heading: CALAMY (O.S.)
dialog: Sixty fathoms, white sand!
text: Hollom folds his telescope
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: Well. It can't have been a reef marker.
text: CALAMY, unconvinced, checks through his own telescope
speaker_heading: HOLLOM (CONT'D)
dialog: False alarm Mr CALAMY
text: CALAMY ignores him, still scanning
scene_heading: 21. TELESCOPE POV
text: The telescope pans. A dark shape in the distance. The mist
text: parts a little. A ship. Coming straight toward them.
text: Close on CALAMY as he turns to camera, screaming -
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Enemy on the larboard bow! Beat to
dialog: quarters!
scene_heading: 22. JACK'S SLEEP CABIN
text: JACK instantly awake, piling out of his bed, still dressed.
scene_heading: 23. BERTH-DECK - DAWN
text: A drum blazes as the off-duty watch tumble out of their
text: hammocks and run to their battle stations.
scene_heading: 24. COCKPIT, ORLOP DECK
text: Rows of wicked-looking instruments are hastily thrown on the
text: operating table by PADEEN, MATURIN's servant - saws,
text: retractors and knives glistening in the lamp-light.
text: DR. MATURIN hurries in blinking sleep out of his eyes as he
text: ties on his black apron - behind him, HIGGINS, the assistant
dialog: surgeon.
scene_heading: 25. POWDER MAGAZINE
text: Little ADDISON and his team of powder-monkeys run with their
dialog: boxes of gunpowder to the...
scene_heading: 26. GUN-DECK
text: As LAMB, NAGEL and the other carpenters bash down cabin
text: partitions, transforming the entire gun-deck into a single
text: continuous space, from the bows to the Captain's Great Cabin
text: in the stern.
text: As the crews swarm about their guns, grotesque shadows are
text: thrown on the walls and ceiling by the numerous battle-
text: lanterns arriving to illuminate the scene.
scene_heading: 27. WEATHER-DECK
text: JACK and PULLINGS stride the length of the deck toward the
text: bow [ ] . They pass crews manning the carronades while
text: others swing the ship's small boats out and over the side to
text: be towed behind the ship.
scene_heading: 28. FORECASTLE
text: JACK and PULLINGS join HOLLOM.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where away?
text: CALAMY points forward and a little to the left of the
text: Surprise's bow.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
text: Not two miles distant, Sir.
text: JACK and PULLINGS stare through telescopes into the fog,
text: which is beginning to lift. JACK lowers his telescope.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Hollom?
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: I saw nothing, nor heard anything either.
dialog: Shall I ask them men to stand down?
text: JACK steps closer to the bow, and again lifts his telescope.
scene_heading: 29. TELESCOPE P.O.V
text: A slow pan across the sea, past a darker patch of fog. What
text: was that? The lens pans back toward the darker area to see a
text: series of flashes.
scene_heading: 30. CLOSE ON JACK
text: He turns and shouts to the crew -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lie down! Everybody lie down!
text: His words are underscored by a series of distant explosions,
text: followed by a deep rumble, then a tearing, howling sound.
scene_heading: 31. ANGLE ON THE SKY
text: Chain shot and grape, bar and canister shriek through the
text: air. A blizzard of iron.
text: 32. ON THE DECK
text: The crew hit the deck, the last to drop is BONDEN hanging
text: grimly to the wheel.
scene_heading: 33. MIDSHIPMAN BLAKENEY
text: Close, as he tries to bury himself in the deck timbers.
scene_heading: 34. DELETED
scene_heading: 35. DELETED.
scene_heading: 36. QUARTERDECK
text: The broadside hits the bows and a cloud of splinters and
text: metal scythes the length of the deck at head height. This is
text: rapidly followed by billowing smoke from a small fire now
text: burning on the forecastle.
text: CALAMY is working at putting the fire out as JACK issues a
dialog: stream of orders.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Run out the guns! Marines to the tops,
dialog: and get that wounded man below!
text: He pulls a gold watch from his pocket and checks the time.
scene_heading: 36A. GUN DECK
text: Hollom is nervously supervising a gun crew which includes
text: DAVIES and his mates.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: ...C-cast loose now... Um swab. That's
dialog: right. Run out your guns.
text: The men work as a team, largely ignoring Hollom's hesitant
text: instructions. The shot rack is empty
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Shot. There's no shot!
speaker_heading: 37. QUARTERDECK (CONTD)
text: As red-coated marines led by Captain HOWARD climb into the
text: rigging JACK calls to his clerk -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Note the time Mr. Watt.
text: An anxious TOM PULLINGS appears.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: She's out of our range, Sir!
text: JACK calls to his sailing master, ALLEN.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Closer, Mr. ALLEN. You must lay me
text: alongside her at pistol-shot.
text: ALLEN purses his lips. He knows what he's doing and slightly
dialog: resents the instruction
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
text: Mr. Pullings - bow-chasers to fire as she
dialog: bears.
scene_heading: 38. P.O.V. ENEMY SHIP
text: She's crossing their bows, about a mile distant.
scene_heading: 39. ON DECK
text: PULLINGS is racing up the larboard gangway to the forecastle,
text: past men stacking hammocks as blast protection.
text: 40. ON THE FORECASTLE
text: Gun-captains stand ready, the slow-match burning in the tubs.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
text: Fire on the uproll.
text: The little drummer's huge eyes are fixed on PULLINGS' face.
text: The ship rolls.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS (CONT'D)
dialog: Fire!
text: The drum-roll is all but drowned by the blast of the guns.
text: The smoke clears, the gunners look on baffled as their balls
text: bounce harmlessly off the side of the enemy ship.
speaker_heading: OLD SPONGE
dialog: (In Greek)
dialog: Witchcraft!
speaker_heading: DOUDLE
dialog: Never seen the like of it
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: Damn and blast you! See to your guns!
dialog: Fire high! Fire for the masts and
dialog: rigging!
text: As the enemy's murderous long guns run out again.
text: 41. WIDE ON THE ENEMY SHIP
text: Her French ensign clearly visible as she swings broadside on
text: to the approaching Surprise - again her side lights up in a
text: series of red flashes.
text: 42. IN THE COCKPIT
text: By the dim light of a battle-lantern STEPHEN struggles to
text: hold a wounded man on the table, his feet slipping in pools
text: of blood on the deck.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: More sand on the floor, Mr. Higgins!
text: The slightly hung-over HIGGINS reaches for the sand bucket
text: and is thrown over by the awful jarring shock as the
text: Acheron's third broadside hits home.
scene_heading: 43. IN THE GREAT CABIN -
text: The Captain's crockery smashes to the deck. KILLICK, cursing
text: freely, stows what he can.
text: 44. IN THE ORLOP
text: Shards of timber implode, followed by a great spout of water
text: knocking the massive AWKWARD DAVIES sideways as he runs for
text: the ladder carrying two cannon-balls.
text: A second explosion, a second jet of water and DAVIES, finding
text: his feet, starts yelling for the carpenter.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Wood and Lead! Mr Nagel! Mr Lamb!!
scene_heading: 45. STAIRS
text: Follow DAVIES as he runs up to the gun-deck with the shot
text: under his arms past the powder-monkeys ADDISON and SWIFT,
text: canisters of gun-powder slung over their shoulders, then he
text: sees MR. LAMB, the carpenter.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Orlop! We're holed!
text: As LAMB dives for the ladder.
scene_heading: 46. ON THE GUN-DECK
text: DAVIES arrives to find a gaping hole opposite where his own
text: gun once stood. Its crew lie scattered, horribly wounded or
dialog: dead.
text: The dismounted gun and twelve pound shot are rolling around
text: dangerously. HOLLOM, the sole survivor, is backed against
text: the bulkhead, cradling an injured arm.
text: CALAMY emerges from the smoke, meets DAVIES's horror-struck
text: gaze and takes command.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Davies! Get those bodies overboard!
speaker_heading: (to HOLLOM)
dialog: Mr. Hollom sir!
text: HOLLOM sits immobilized by fear. CALAMY grabs the poulterer,
text: JEMMY DUCKS, who has been rescuing the ship's goat, Aspasia.
speaker_heading: CALAMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Jemmy - leave the damned goat and take
text: Mr. Hollom below.
speaker_heading: JEMMY DUCKS
dialog: Aye, sir!
text: The ship heels as she turns.
text: Midshipman BLAKENEY, Calamy's rival in the game of marbles,
text: turns to see the dismounted gun rolling free. He throws a
text: hammock net under it, stopping its roll before it crushes
text: CALAMY against the bulkhead.
text: CALAMY shoots him a brief look of gratitude and runs aft.
text: BLAKENEY carries on shouting to the powder-monkeys -
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: More shot! More cartridge!
scene_heading: 47. HULL OF THE SURPRISE
text: In the great jagged hole on the gun-deck where the gun was
text: destroyed, JACK stands framed, a wrathful soot-stained
text: figure. He glances back at his men, hunched and ready,
text: itching to fire.
speaker_heading: JACK (bellows)
dialog: Steady... Wait for it!
text: 48. WIDE ON THE BATTLE
text: to see the two ships about to pass abreast, the Surprise
text: heading south as it were, the enemy ship, north.
text: The French vessel is clearly the bigger ship, and from both
text: come the sounds of shouted orders and the thunder of drums.
text: They will pass broadside to broadside, 500 yards apart.
scene_heading: 49. GUN-DECK, SURPRISE
text: JACK watching the enemy, judging the moment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ...wait WAIT! And FIRE!
text: The great guns go off all together. The cannons leaping back
text: between their crews. JACK snatches a powder-monkey, ADDISON,
text: out of the way of the lethal recoil.
scene_heading: 50. QUARTERDECK
text: Smoke clears to reveal holes in the enemy's foretopsail, a
text: bowline hanging loose, but again many of her balls have
text: failed to penetrate the enemy timbers.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: By all that's holy what is that ship made
dialog: of?
text: His question coincides with a third full broadside from the
text: Frenchman. The Surprise's wheel shattered. BONDEN thrown
text: aside, MR. WATT jerked back to the taffrail, the mizzenmast
dialog: hit.
text: A rope sheers and JOE PLAICE is smacked on the skull by a
text: swinging boom.
text: Midshipman BLAKENEY, running up on deck, goes to help PLAICE
text: and is struck down by a flying splinter - a shocking wound to
text: his upper right arm.
scene_heading: 51. COMPANIONWAY
text: JACK is half-way up the ladder when he falls, scored across
text: the forehead by a musket-ball.
text: Eyesight blurred. Hearing gone. He is dimly aware of small
text: arms cracking above his head, and someone trying to lift him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Belay there ye poxed son of a whore!
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: You must go below, Sir, you must let me
dialog: help you below!
text: JACK puts a hand to his bleeding forehead and drags himself
text: back up the ladder.
text: 52. IN THE TOPS
text: A furious exchange of fire between CAPTAIN HOWARD's marines
text: and the sharpshooters in the enemy's rigging.
text: Howard, a big red-faced man, is in his element, laughing
text: madly every time he scores a hit.
scene_heading: 53. QUARTERDECK
text: JACK emerges into bloody chaos: screams of the wounded all
text: around, the enemy ship moving astern in mist and gun-smoke.
text: He wipes blood from his eye as he raises his telescope.
scene_heading: 54/55. TELESCOPE P.O.V.
text: As the ship passes, her name is visible on the transom -
dialog: Acheron.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS V.O
dialog: Sir....
text: Jack lowers his telescope. Pullings' expression spells
dialog: catastrophe
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: It's the rudder.
scene_heading: 56. STERN OF THE SURPRISE
text: Grim-faced, JACK hobbles to the shattered taff-rail, sees
text: BONDEN soaked, having climbed down onto the stern-post.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: (shouts up)
text: It's shot away below the waterline!
scene_heading: 58. COCKPIT
text: STEPHEN, up to his armpits in blood, operating on a wounded
text: man, looks up to see three more seriously injured men
text: arriving.
text: He pauses, aware of some change.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Why are we not firing?
scene_heading: 57. GUN-DECK
text: Spirals of drifting smoke. Blackened bleeding men, their guns
text: pointing at nothing
speaker_heading: FASTER DOUDLE
dialog: No steerage.
speaker_heading: NEHEMIAH SLADE
dialog: We're fish in a barrel
scene_heading: 59. HIGH SHOT
text: The fog has rolled back, like a great curtain, to reveal the
dialog: two frigates.
text: The badly damaged Surprise, drifting rudderless.
text: The Acheron, most of her sails intact, beginning the turn
text: which will put her in position to finish off the Surprise.
scene_heading: 60. QUARTERDECK
text: JACK is joined by ALLEN as the enemy vessel starts crossing
dialog: their wake.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: He's coming about, Sir.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: Should I strike the colours?
text: All eyes on Jack, poised on the brink of awful defeat.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: I'm afraid there's nothing else for it.
text: JACK looks from the wall of fog to the three little boats
text: they are towing astern.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Damned if there ain't. We'll tow her.
scene_heading: 61. STERN OF THE SURPRISE
text: Sudden feverish activity, running and shouting as men
text: scramble down into the boats. DAVIES settles himself beside
text: NAGEL in the cutter, turning to look at the approaching
dialog: Acheron.
text: His P.O.V.: puffs of smoke from its bow-chasers.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: Sail trimmers away, Warley, make what
dialog: sail you can!
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Stern-chasers to fire when she's in
dialog: range!
scene_heading: 62. STERN OF SURPRISE
text: Gouts of water from the enemy gunfire rise not fifty yards
dialog: from them, acting as little needed encouragement for the
text: boats to get clear of the stern and pull around towards the
dialog: bows as....
scene_heading: 64. MAINMAST/FOREMAST
text: Men scramble up the ratlines, and through the shattered
text: rigging.
scene_heading: 65. THE GREAT CABIN
text: Two long brass nine-pounders set up through the open windows
text: of the Captain's day cabin, open fire on the approaching
dialog: Acheron.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: Fire!
scene_heading: 65A. MAINMAST
text: WARLEY, captain of the maintop, directs his men about the
text: mare's nest of rigging, getting a tattered top-sail to fill
text: with what little breeze there is.
speaker_heading: WARLEY
dialog: Sharp now with that fancy-line! To the
dialog: clew line from the reef points, Cully,
dialog: double up and run her back again!
scene_heading: 66. QUARTERDECK
text: Through PULLINGS' telescope: the enemy ship coming straight
text: at them, her guns now getting the range of the Surprise.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
text: She's gaining on us.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Start the water, carronades over the
dialog: side.
scene_heading: 67. ANGLE ON THE QUARTERDECK
text: Crewmen furiously at work cutting the ropes securing the guns
text: on the quarterdeck.
scene_heading: 68. ANGLE ON THE STERN
text: Water spouts from the pumps, while at the same time the
text: quarterdeck guns tumble into the ocean.
dialog: (NOTE: they only abandon guns on the quarterdeck, not their
text: main armament on the gun-deck.)
scene_heading: 69. FORECASTLE
text: JACK races to the bows. Towlines strain as the three small
text: boats pull the great ship toward the curtain of fog and
text: cloud. He yells to the straining oarsmen -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Pull! Pull for your lives.
scene_heading: 70. ANGLE FROM THE BOATS
text: The men heave on their oars, faces bathed in sweat, the
text: towlines taut behind them, dragging the Surprise toward the
text: safety of the fog-bank.
speaker_heading: 71. WIDE
text: to see the Surprise slipping into the cover of fog and low
text: cloud, only her top masts visible, before they too disappear.
scene_heading: 72. QUARTERDECK
text: JACK joins his officers looking back into the white-out, in
text: the direction of the enemy.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Quiet now. No calls, no shouts. Mr.
text: ALLEN, signal the men in the boats to
text: head due east.
text: ALLEN hurries toward the bows, as behind them the fog is
text: momentarily illuminated by flashes of gunfire from their
dialog: pursuer.
scene_heading: 73. THE LEADING JOLLY BOAT
text: CALAMY, in the prow of the jolly-boat, sees ALLEN on the
text: ship, signalling the turn to eastward.
text: CALAMY signals to BONDEN in the stern of the jolly-boat.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: (urgent whisper)
dialog: Starboard haul. And stroke! Stroke!
text: One side stops rowing and the boat turns.
scene_heading: 74. THE SURPRISE
text: A low angle, the ship coming slowly toward us.
text: Beyond, the rowers strain at their oars, the great ship
text: rearing out of the mist above them, as though carried on
dialog: their backs.
scene_heading: 75. QUARTERDECK OF THE SURPRISE
text: Somewhere astern and to the left JACK can hear shouting on
text: the Acheron. Flashes of cannon fire, directed away from them.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
text: He's beating inshore.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Keep rowing
scene_heading: 76 MASTS OF THE SURPRISE, (TIMELAPSE) - NIGHT
text: The tortured sounds of exhausted men rowing as skeins of mist
text: drift away to reveal a dim, yellow moon. On the horizon the
text: battered ship in silhouette, lines stretching ahead to her
text: three small boats.
scene_heading: 77 QUARTERDECK OF THE SURPRISE - NIGHT
text: Some of the wreckage has been cleared aside, the wounded
text: moved below. We can hear their moans, and the constant
text: creaking of the bilge pumps.
text: JACK and his officers scan the moonlit sea through
text: telescopes.
text: JACK's telescope POV: A long slow pan along the dark horizon.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: I believe we've lost her, Sir.
text: JACK collapses his telescope.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Pass the word to ship oars
scene_heading: 78 IN THE JOLLY BOATs. - NIGHT
text: The rowers slump forwards in their seats, their hands raw and
text: crabbed.
scene_heading: 79 STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: JACK moves down a ladder past LAMB coming up from below,
text: soaking wet and exhausted with his mate Nagel.
speaker_heading: LAMB
text: Three feet of water in the hold, Sir, but
text: the pumps are keeping it from gaining.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Very good, Mr. Lamb.
text: The constant creaking and sloshing of the pumps becomes
text: louder as he continues down past men handing up food and
text: powder from the flooded levels below.
scene_heading: 81. SICK-BAY
text: Stephen, his face spattered with blood, is adjusting the wick
text: of a lantern when Jack arrives beside him
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: What's the butchers bill?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Six dead, thirteen wounded.
text: He notices the gash on Jack's forehead
dialog: Your head ...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (Brushes him away)
dialog: Later.
text: STEPHEN raises his lantern to reveal groaning bloodstained
text: men close-packed in the gloom.
text: Together they make the rounds, passing men propped upright by
text: their mates, pale with shock or tense with pain, some
text: struggling to breathe, some barely alive.
text: JACK clasps hands, whispers encouragement.
text: A bandaged head swims into the glow of the lamp, streaked
text: with blood and deeply unconscious.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Who's this - Joe Plaice?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (sotto)
text: A severe depressed fracture of the
dialog: skull. I am not sure he will see out the
dialog: night.
text: Moving on to another barely recognizable face: young
text: Blakeney, pale and sweaty, breathing hard from the pain and
dialog: the blood loss.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Blakeney?
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Just a broken arm, Sir.
text: JACK looks at STEPHEN, whose expression is grim, but he says
text: nothing, steering Jack forward to the foot of the ladder
dialog: where they can speak more privately
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I will do everything possible. I know you
dialog: were close to his father.
text: Jack nods, defeat weighing heavily, and makes to go. Stephen
text: puts a restraining hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: One moment Jack let me look at that brow
dialog: of yours.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Its a scratch.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I will tell you if its a scratch or not.
dialog: Sit down.
text: Jack submits meekly, and sits on a lower rung while Stephen
text: puts a bandage round his forehead
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How did he find us Stephen?
dialog: Seven weeks sailing and he happened in
dialog: darkness on our exact position. Its
text: uncanny. He really is a phantom
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Unless she was alerted to our presence,
dialog: and looking for us.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tosh. How could that be?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The French have their spies, in Britain
dialog: as elsewhere.
speaker_heading: JACK (astonished)
dialog: You're saying there are traitors in the
dialog: Admiralty?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I am saying do not imagine it was a lone
dialog: privateer who did this to us. He is
dialog: working for Napoleon himself, with access
dialog: to all that tyrant commands, overtly and
dialog: covertly. So do not let defeat weigh too
dialog: heavily upon you.
scene_heading: 82. THE GREAT CABIN - DAWN
text: Wan dawn light reflects off the ceiling onto the bloody,
text: bandaged officers, conducting an angry post-mortem as KILLICK
dialog: serves coffee.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: ...Call her a frigate? Ha! You ask me
text: she's no more a frigate than a painted
text: Dutchman. More like a ship of the line, a
dialog: two-decker more'n a frigate.
text: MOWETT is trying to staunch a persistent nosebleed.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: One does wonder what manner of hull she
dialog: has. Our balls seemed to bounce right off
dialog: her.
text: Jack enters, his head newly bandaged. He walks past the
text: seated officers and stands looking out through the stern
text: windows. The officers continue their conversation, though
text: their words are intended for Jack
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: She had the weather-gauge and long
dialog: eighteens which could hit us beyond our
dialog: effective range. That's the sum of it
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: And 40 guns to our 28, I counted the
text: muzzle flashes.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: It was an unfair match, no dishonor in
dialog: defeat no dishonor at all.
text: Jack still has his back to them. He puts his hand in his
text: pocket and finds something there - the shattered fragments of
text: his gold pocket watch.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Well, we can patch up our main and mizzen
dialog: the foresail is too far gone so we'll
dialog: bend our spare.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: Sir.
text: Jack finally turns.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS (CONT'D)
text: Mr. Allen is confident, with basic
dialog: repairs, we can get home as we are...
dialog: allowing for a stop in Jamaica.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: At Port Royal we can haul her into dry-
dialog: dock, and hopefully get her home
dialog: without...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We're not going home.
text: An expectant hush. KILLICK is all ears, as he picks up the
text: coffee cups and places them carefully on a silver tray.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What is our purpose here gentlemen? Why
dialog: were we sent? To punish a blackguard
dialog: privateer who has decimated our Atlantic
text: whaling fleet and now threatens to do the
dialog: same in the pacific. Are we to leave
text: those ships to his mercy and slink back
dialog: into Portsmouth - another defeat to add
dialog: to the list. Is that what we draw our
dialog: wages for? I say we pursue her and pay
text: her back with interest
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: With respect, Captain, she could be half-
dialog: way to Cape Horn by the time we're
text: repaired and underway.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (sternly)
text: Then there's not a moment to lose.
scene_heading: 83. OUTSIDE THE GREAT CABIN
text: KILLICK exits the cabin with the tray of coffee cups. As he
text: passes them to his mate, BLACK BILL -
speaker_heading: KILLICK (a whisper)
dialog: We're for the Horn.
scene_heading: 84. THROUGHOUT THE SHIP - DAWN
text: Word passes like lightning from the wounded in the orlop, to
dialog: the beak of the ship
scene_heading: MUTTERED VOICES AD LIB
dialog: - The Horn you say?
dialog: - Never! In this condition?
dialog: - Eh? What news mates
dialog: - Heading for where?!
scene_heading: 85. FORECASTLE - DAWN
text: A few of the old 'Surprises' have gathered for a smoke, all
text: of them men who've sailed with JACK before: Jittery alcoholic
text: Higgins, loyal Nehemiah Slade, sharp-faced tobacco-chewing
text: Faster Doudle, and the big Welshman Awkward Davies, still
text: shaken by the loss of his gun-crew.
dialog: higgins
dialog: We're for hell in a hand-barrow if you
dialog: ask my opinion
dialog: slade
dialog: I'm game. If the captain says we can take
dialog: her we can take her.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: Can we catch her is the question.
dialog: And if we do what's different? She'll
dialog: just hold us off with them long eighteens
dialog: til she sends us all to the bottom. All
dialog: for what?
speaker_heading: DOUDLE
dialog: I'll tell you for what, matey. She's a
text: privateer, loaded with all the gems of
dialog: Araby. Think of the gold. Think of the
dialog: prize-money.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR
dialog: Hoi there! You men jump to it!
scene_heading: 86. WAIST OF THE SHIP - NOON
text: The gratings are hauled aside and light floods down into the
dialog: gun-deck.
scene_heading: 87. GUN-DECK - DAY
text: Part of a huge tree-trunk - spare timber for repairs - is
text: manhandled by a dozen crewmen.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR
dialog: Heave. And heave. Handsomely now. One
dialog: long pull. Belay!
scene_heading: 88. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Crewmen labour at the capstan.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR (O.S.)
dialog: Two six heave! Two six heave!
text: The huge log rises from below and hangs suspended from its
text: gantry. JACK shouts down from the quarterdeck -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have her placed along the gunwale for
text: now, Mr. Hollar, and the guns moved to
dialog: that side also.
scene_heading: 89. ABOVE JACK'S HEAD
text: Men are hanging in the rigging throwing down damaged sections
dialog: of rope.
speaker_heading: FASTER DOUDLE
dialog: All clear below!
scene_heading: 90. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: JACK dodges the falling rope, moving back, past NAGEL and his
text: men who are cutting out damaged sections of the gunwale with
text: saws and adzes, prizing up decking and wrestling with the
text: wrecked steering mechanism.
scene_heading: 91. THE STERN - DAY
text: JACK looks down to where PULLINGS and others have lifted the
text: broken rudder from its hinges.
scene_heading: 92. WIDE SHOT - DAY
text: The ship swarming with men, cutting, splicing, hammering and
text: hauling. Every able-bodied soul hard at work.
scene_heading: 93. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: An optimistic breeze has picked up, fluttering the tattered
text: ensign.
text: The deck is now sloping at a forty-five degree angle. KILLICK
text: hands a sandwich to Pullings who passes it down to JACK.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Damn this wind, Mr. Pullings! The Acheron
dialog: will be making a hundred and fifty miles
dialog: a day in this.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: Aye, but hugging the coast, and stopping
text: to board the odd merchantman
text: JACK smiles at this and bites into his sandwich.
text: To the uphill side, carpenters are erecting a scaffolding
text: over the side of the ship.
scene_heading: 94. THE SHIP - DAY
text: The ship's copper-plated keel is partly revealed as the men
text: clamber and slip about on the steeply-sloping side erecting
text: scaffolding. The tropical heat resounds with shouts, curses
text: and hammering.
scene_heading: 95. SIDE OF THE SHIP - DUSK
text: Carpenters working inside the scaffolding, are fitting new
text: sections of wood into the holes low in her hull.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: Down. Down. Stop.
text: The new piece of wood is an almost perfect fit. MR. LAMB
text: marks the places where it is jamming.
speaker_heading: LAMB (CONT'D)
dialog: Up again.
text: Then he begins to work on it with his rasp.
scene_heading: 96. UNDERWATER - DUSK
text: Among tropical fish, a diver, a Greek crewman, 'OLD
text: SPONGE' (father of YOUNG SPONGE) a hammer at his belt, plugs
text: a few smaller holes with hemp fibre, then surfaces to...
scene_heading: 97. THE SIDE OF THE CUTTER - DUSK
speaker_heading: OLD SPONGE
dialog: (In Greek)
dialog: The smaller bit. No. That bit there.
text: YOUNG SPONGE passes him a piece of lead and some nails and
text: OLD SPONGE dives again.
dialog: Our P.O.V. descending into the sea as...
scene_heading: 98. WAIST OF THE SHIP - NIGHT
text: Roaring flames, flying sparks, the clang of metal on metal. A
text: forge has been set up. Powder-monkeys sweat on the bellows.
text: The ship's blacksmith is churning out iron bolts, pintles and
text: gudgeons, which are snatched away by NAGEL with tongs and
text: thrown into a bucket of water to cool.
text: A few yards away, wood chips fly from LAMB's adze as the
text: ship's massive new stern post takes shape.
text: The new rudder is laid out flat, already cut to its final
text: shape and being strengthened with great nails and iron bands
text: which NEHEMIAH SLADE and AWKWARD DAVIES are nailing into
dialog: place.
text: The hammering travels through the ship to...
scene_heading: 99. THE SICK BERTH - NIGHT
text: BLAKENEY with his splinted arm jerks awake, feverish and
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: No. No. Not through my nose!
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Its alright. William. You were dreaming.
text: Blakeney looks around, disoriented and finds Calamy by his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Joe Plaice told me when you die they sew
dialog: you up in your hammock with the last
dialog: stitch through your nose... to make sure
dialog: you're not just sleeping
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: You know old Joe, always telling [ ]
dialog: stories.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Is it true though? [ ] About the last
dialog: stitch?
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Come on, you'll be stitching me in mine
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY (drifting)
dialog: Not through my nose. You'll tell them.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Nor any other part of you.
text: Trying to make light of it, though he fears BLAKENEY is
dialog: dying.
scene_heading: 100. SICK BAY, LATER - NIGHT
text: CALAMY has fallen asleep by BLAKENEY's side. He wakes to find
text: STEPHEN sniffing BLAKENEY's wound.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Is it mending, sir?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No, I'm afraid it will not do.
scene_heading: 101. THE COCKPIT - NIGHT
text: BLAKENEY is lowered onto the table, delirious. CALAMY holds
text: his head and PADEEN, MATURIN's giant manservant, his legs,
text: which are lashed together.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: No. Mamma. Mamma.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: It is the laudanum speaking. You will be
dialog: a regular Nelson.
text: He tests the edge of his knife with his thumb.
text: CALAMY places the leather gag between BLAKENEY's teeth.
text: Padeen mumbles a Gaelic prayer. STEPHEN turns and grips
text: BLAKENEY shattered arm.
text: A sharp, grating noise as STEPHEN works out of shot, cutting
text: off the arm.
text: Close on STEPHEN, lips compressed, utterly focussed.
text: He puts down the bloody knife and reaches for the spatula in
text: the pail of hot tar.
text: BLAKENEY has not uttered a sound, though he is shaking
text: uncontrollably and his face is wet with tears. CALAMY has
text: tears in his eyes also.
text: STEPHEN finishes his work, breathing hard, a gentle smile to
scene_heading: BLAKENEY.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: There. I have never seen a braver
dialog: patient.
scene_heading: 102. SICK-BERTH - NIGHT
text: An exhausted CALAMY keeps vigil by BLAKENEY's cot. The boy
text: wakes, and looks for CALAMY in the darkness.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Peter? Is that you? I dreamed they cut my
text: arm off.
text: Then he realizes, with sudden horror, that it wasn't a dream
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: You would have died else.
text: Blakeneys eyes brim with tears and he turns away
speaker_heading: CALAMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come. You can still sup your grog with
dialog: your left. And I shall take your turn at
dialog: marbles.
scene_heading: 103. MIZZEN TOPGALLANT - DAY
text: MOWETT stands in the cross-trees, making a final check on the
text: lashings round the new mizzen top. Below him the great work
text: is nearing completion, men swarming like ants over every part
text: of the hull.
text: MOWETT climbs down past FASTER DOUDLE who has one leg looped
text: through the shrouds and is splicing a rope with both hands
text: and his teeth.
text: Farther down, a patched sail is being furled up tight in its
text: gaskets.
text: Beyond that, at the base of the main-mast a fascinated group
text: of men have gathered to watch the Doctor trepanning JOE
speaker_heading: PLAICE.
scene_heading: 104. BASE OF THE MAINMAST - DAY
text: STEPHEN's drill carves out a neat disc of bone to reveal a
text: purplish mass which he starts spooning from the cavity.
text: A small crowd of crewmen pause in their work, watching the
text: doctor with morbid fascination as he drops the purple stuff
text: in a dish.
speaker_heading: SLADE (shouts)
dialog: Is them his brains, Doctor?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No, that is just blood. These are his
dialog: brains.
text: Exposing them to view. Several of the crew move in for a
text: closer look. The armourer hands STEPHEN a flattened coin,
text: which he begins to screw in place over the cavity as the old
text: hands whisper his praises to the men who have never seen
text: Stephen at work.
speaker_heading: SLADE
dialog: Physician he is, not one of your common
dialog: surgeons.
speaker_heading: FASTER DOUDLE
dialog: Cured Prince Billy of the marthambles and
dialog: the strong fives, wouldn't look at you
dialog: for under ten guineas on land.
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: [ ] Knows his birds and beasts too
dialog: boyo, show him a beetle and he'll tell
dialog: you what it's thinking.
scene_heading: 105. THE SURPRISE - DAY
text: A wind causes the ship to turn on its moorings, stirring
text: impatiently, like a racehorse ready to be off as...
scene_heading: 106. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: ...JACK jumps down from the mizzen ratlines.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let us be off, Mr. Allen!
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Weigh anchor! All hands to make sail. Mr
dialog: Hollom!
speaker_heading: 107. ON DECK
text: Barefoot men are suddenly running to their stations, racing
text: above and below, running out along the bowsprit, up the
text: ratlines, along the yards.
text: A small group, supposed to be assisting Hollom, are
text: contrasting slow off the mark
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: Bear a hand there you fellows!
text: The men he is addressing, shoot him a look of distaste which
text: unsettles Hollom slightly, then they assist him pulling on a
dialog: rope
scene_heading: 108. QUARTERDECK - DAY
speaker_heading: MOWETT
text: Up and down Sir, thick and dry for
dialog: weighing.
scene_heading: 109. WAIST OF THE SHIP - DAY
text: Men strain on the capstan bars.
scene_heading: 110. BOWS - DAY
text: The anchor bursting up out of the sea.
scene_heading: 111. MASTS OF THE SURPRISE - DAY
text: The shrouds darken with climbing figures, framed against the
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR (O.S.)
dialog: Trice up. Lay out.
dialog: Sheet home!
dialog: Hoist away!
scene_heading: 112. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: HOLLAR staring up as the sails unfurl and fill with wind.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR
dialog: Cheerly there in the foretop, our
dialog: William!
dialog: T'garnsl sheets!
dialog: Hands to the braces!
text: Men slide down ropes from high amongst the shrouds, then
text: swing out and drop down to the deck like monkeys, pulling
text: ropes and sails tight with the weight of their bodies.
scene_heading: 113. WIDE SHOT - DAY
text: The ship spreading its wings. A sudden cracking of canvas as
text: she turns and runs directly downwind.
scene_heading: 114. QUARTERDECK - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The sun has sunk lower. BONDEN, solid as the rock of
text: Gibraltar is back at the helm, the wind stronger and directly
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Speed, Mr. Boyle
text: BOYLE heaves the log clear of the ship's side. The log line
text: races out on its reel. BOYLE checks the run, pulls the pin.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Ten and a half knots, Sir.
text: JACK makes no comment but the news seems to please him.
scene_heading: 115. CLOSE TO THE WATER - DUSK
text: The great hull powers past us.
scene_heading: 116. DELETED
scene_heading: 117. OUTSIDE THE GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: KILLICK prepares toasted cheese in his small serving-area.
text: From inside the cabin, the sound of a violin and a cello
text: tuning up. KILLICK glances irritably at the door and elbows
text: his mate, BLACK BILL.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: Here we go again: scrape, scrape,
dialog: screech, screech and never a tune you
dialog: could dance to, not if you were drunk as
dialog: Davey's sow.
scene_heading: 118. INSIDE THE GREAT CABIN
text: JACK and STEPHEN are both keen amateur musicians - JACK,
text: violin, STEPHEN cello.
text: As Stephen completes his tuning, Jack experiments with a
dialog: refrain.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Is that one I know, or are we breaking
dialog: new ground?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I am trying to remember that air they
dialog: played all those years ago at the
dialog: Governors house in Port Mahon. You
dialog: remember When we first met.
dialog: Corelli if I'm not mistaken.
text: He plays another riff
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: If that is your "A" you are very much so.
dialog: This is A.
text: Jack corrects his A string, plays another few bars
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Or Locatelli. pom pom pom pom
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: All I remember is you being unable to sit
dialog: in your seat the entire performance.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aye and you practising apon that poor
dialog: bishop with your "puddings athwart the
dialog: starboard Gumbrils" or some such arrant
dialog: nonsense.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No. That was off Toulon, during the
dialog: blockade. At our first meeting they
dialog: played this:
text: He plays a short refrain
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. No. Entirely off the mark. pom-pom-
dialog: POM I have now
dialog: He plays another variation
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (enjoying the game)
dialog: Or was it something like this....
text: Cello answers violin, as they hand it back and forth,
text: improvising freely now with an infinity of variations,
text: sometimes playing together, sometimes separately, suddenly
text: hitting it, the music soaring and continuing over
scene_heading: 119. A HIGH POINT OF VIEW, TIME LAPSE - DAY
text: The tiny ship on the vastness of the ocean. From its side,
text: cotton-wool puffs of smoke.
scene_heading: 120. GUN-DECK - SAME TIME
text: A rippling broadside, the crews sweating over their guns.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And pitch 'em up! It's spars and rigging
dialog: we want!
text: MOWETT timing the gap between each broadside.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: Three minutes ten, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not good enough! We must fire three
text: broadsides to her two. Again!
text: Turning to BLAKENEY, who though much recovered, still looks
text: pale and a little unsure of himself.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Blakeney? Think you can supervise a
dialog: gun?
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: As you will. Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: 'Spitfire', hop to it.
text: BLAKENEY takes command of the gun. To one side CALAMY is in
text: charge of 'Beelzebub', on the other side HOLLOM is now
dialog: directing 'Sudden Death'.
text: Once again the orders are given, and the crews, now competing
text: with each other, go through the sequence: 'Out Tompions',
dialog: 'Cast loose your guns', 'Cartridge. Ball. Prime. Run out your
dialog: gun. Prime. Aim. Stand clear... Fire!!'
scene_heading: 121. AND AGAIN - DUSK
text: As another broadside shakes the deck, STEPHEN hauls his
text: collecting net on board and empties out a glistening array of
text: sea creatures - shrimps, squid and minnows, glinting like
text: opals in the pink light.
speaker_heading: MOWETT (O.S.)
dialog: Two minutes five, Sir.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: Again!
scene_heading: 122. AND AGAIN - NIGHT
text: It's a race. JACK's orders are just a formality, the sequence
text: having become so automatic now.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Out Tompions... Run out your guns...
dialog: Prime.
text: Seconds ticking away on MOWETT's stopwatch, barrels float on
text: the sea a hundred yards out.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT.) (CONT'D)
text: As she bears, from forward aft. Point
dialog: your guns... Fire!!
scene_heading: 123. THE OCEAN AT NIGHT
text: The black ship spouting tongues of flame, the water around
text: the target barrels erupting in great spouts.
speaker_heading: MOWETT (O.S.)
text: Two minutes dead.
scene_heading: 124. THE GUNPOWDER ROOM
text: Boom! Another splendidly coordinated broadside resounds
text: through the ship as the powder-monkeys come racing down
text: through the dreadnought screens to the magazine and back with
dialog: more cartridge.
text: For them too it's a race, little ADDISON just ahead of SWIFT,
text: RYE hot on his heels.
scene_heading: 125. STEPHEN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: The sound of the guns is faint down here, at least when heard
text: from STEPHEN's perspective - his ears are stuffed with wax.
text: He is surrounded by his specimen bottles, and he looks from
text: his microscope to his ledger where he is documenting the
text: array of aquatic life-forms. He removes his ear-plugs, but
text: the noise of the guns is deafening and he hastily replaces
dialog: them.
scene_heading: 126. ON THE GUN-DECK - NIGHT
text: MOWETT watches the second hand of his stopwatch, glancing up
dialog: as he notes -
text: The concentrated fury of the men swabbing, ramming, heaving
text: in, heaving out, firing at a raft this time.
text: And he stops the watch as the first gun fires.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: One minute forty-nine, Sir!
text: His voice is drowned by the firing of the other guns in close
text: succession entirely demolishing the raft, the sound mixing
text: with cheering and the frenzied hammering of Nagel and his
text: mates as the gun-deck partitions are cheerfully re-erected.
scene_heading: 127. IN THE GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: The table is dragged back into place and settings laid for
dialog: dinner.
text: JACK enters, his face flushed with victory.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Killick? Killick there.
text: KILLICK appears.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you have for us tonight?
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: Which it's, Soused Hoggs-Face.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aah! My favorite.
scene_heading: 128. MAIN DECK - NIGHT
text: The sky a great canopy of stars, the ship racing onwards
text: through the warm night.
text: Crew men and the recovering wounded have come up on deck. Now
text: they sit around in groups, supping their grog. Someone
text: produces a jaw-harp, someone else a drum.
text: A guitar is passed from hand to hand, stopping with BLACK
text: BILL who sings a ballad in an African dialect.
text: There's an effortless integration of race and rank, of age
text: and nationality - bonds forged by battle and hardship.
text: OLD SPONGE gets up and dances a Greek dance: obviously a
text: favorite among the crew. Cheering and cat-calls. Lanterns
text: coming up from below. More dancing, insults in many
text: languages, and a song.
speaker_heading: GUN-CREWS
dialog: Boneparte Boneparte
dialog: That red-faced son of an old French fart
dialog: Hey ho, stamp and go
dialog: Stamp and go, stamp and go
dialog: Hey ho, stamp and go
scene_heading: 129. THE GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: The singing mixes with the end of a lively dinner given by
text: JACK for his officers, including a special guest, young
scene_heading: BLAKENEY.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: With your permission, Sir, Mr. Mowett has
dialog: composed a short poem in honour of our
dialog: mission.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's hear it, Mr. Mowett.
text: Reactions around the table, glasses re-filled in
text: anticipation. MOWETT stands and declaims with a number of
text: precise airy gestures, like a conductor.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: Our brotherhood, some old, some new.
text: In blood baptized, in strength renewed.
text: In purpose unified and true.
text: All thoughts of home forsaken.
dialog: Where duty leads us, there we go.
dialog: Nor rest nor comfort shall we know.
text: Until the unrepentant foe, is boarded
dialog: sunk or taken
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: (raising their glasses)
dialog: Aye! Capital! Well said! Hear him, hear
dialog: him! 'Sunk or taken'...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aye and when we do take her we shall give
text: her to Tom Pullings as his first command.
text: If he don't die before then. Bumpers up
dialog: Tom
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: (A toast)
dialog: 'To wives and sweethearts'.
text: They raise their glasses -
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: 'To wives and sweethearts'.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: And may they never meet.
text: Amid the laughter someone bumps Blakeney's stump. He winces,
text: then puts a brave face on it
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY (to JACK)
dialog: I believe you knew Nelson, Sir?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lord Nelson? Yes. I had the honour of
text: serving under him at the Nile.
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Mr. Mowett, the bottle stands by you,
dialog: sir.
dialog: (as the bottle moves on)
dialog: In fact I dined with him twice, and he
dialog: spoke to me on both occasions.
text: The table goes quiet. BLAKENEY is wide-eyed, though partly
text: from his strenuous efforts to appear sober.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The first time he said to me - 'May I
dialog: trouble you for the salt, sir?' I have
dialog: always tried to say it as close as I
dialog: could [ ] The second time someone had
dialog: offered him a boat-cloak on a cold night
dialog: and he said no, he was quite warm - his
dialog: zeal for his king and country kept him
dialog: warm.
dialog: Amid the general agreement - 'Hear him, hear him', etc.
text: STEPHEN is noticeably silent.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: It sounds absurd, I know, and were it
dialog: another man you would cry out, "Oh, what
dialog: pitiful stuff" and dismiss it as mere
dialog: enthusiasm, but with him you felt your
text: heart glow.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: To Lord Nelson.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Lord Nelson!
text: [ ] Stephen joins on the toast, but JACK knows that his
text: friend deplores such overt patriotism and seeks to draw him
text: back in with a joke.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You see those two weevils, Doctor?
text: He points at a faint movement amongst the crumbs of a ship's
dialog: biscuit.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Which would you choose?
text: The table tenses with anticipation of one of the Captain's
text: 'jokes'. STEPHEN concentrates.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: There is not a scrap of difference. They
dialog: are the same species of curculio.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: But suppose you had to choose?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Then I would choose the right-hand
dialog: weevil, it has a perceptible advantage in
dialog: both length and breadth.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There I have you. You are completely
dialog: dished. Don't you know in the Navy you
dialog: must always choose 'the lesser of two
dialog: weevils'?
text: He thunders with laughter, the rest joining in, breathless
text: with mirth, tears of laughter streaming down their faces
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: 'Pon my life. He who would pun would pick
dialog: a pocket. Dýe not smoke it doctor?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (poker faced)
dialog: Sure there would be some poor thin barren
dialog: minds that would catch at such a paltry
text: clench.
text: Then he too cracks a smile and joins in their laughter
scene_heading: 130. MAIN DECK - NIGHT
text: The crew continue with their own celebration.
text: The excitement penetrates JOE PLAICE's stupor. Never having
text: woken since the trepanning he suddenly opens his eyes and
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: PLAICE
dialog: "...And the righteous shall inherit the
dialog: earth."
text: The men around him stare in amazement.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: You hear that. He said something. Joe
dialog: spoke! Say something else Joe
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Handy with that gasket
speaker_heading: BONDEN
text: (shouts up to the quarterdeck)
text: He spoke doctor. Joe plaice spoke
scene_heading: 131. QUARTERDECK
text: The officers have appeared on deck with their coffee and
text: Stephen raises a hand in acknowledgment.
scene_heading: 132. IN THE RIGGING - NIGHT
text: Midshipmen CALAMY RYE and BOYLE are eating from a bag of
text: broken biscuits ('ships nuts') as they sit perched up in the
text: rigging.
text: On seeing JACK, they break into their own song.
speaker_heading: MIDSHIPMEN
dialog: Our captain was very good to us.
text: He dipped his prick in phosphorus.
text: It shed a light all through the night.
dialog: And steered us through the Bosphorus.
scene_heading: 133. QUARTERDECK
text: JACK pretends not to have heard, but he can't hide his smile.
text: Beside him in a chair sits BLAKENEY, his empty jacket sleeve
text: pinned to his front 'Nelson' style, laughing incredulously at
text: the older boys cheek.
text: From somewhere on the forecastle, WARLEY and his top-men
text: start singing.
speaker_heading: TOP-MEN
dialog: Farewell and adieu you fine Spanish
dialog: ladies Farewell and adieu to you ladies
dialog: of Spain...
text: The older midshipman, HOLLOM joins in, his fine voice soaring
text: effortlessly over the others, hijacking their roistering
text: ballad and converting it to something much more poignant.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: For we've received orders to sail for Old
dialog: England.
dialog: Perhaps we shall never more see you again
text: His singing is appreciated by STEPHEN on the quarterdeck.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: What a wonderfully true voice Mr. Hollom
dialog: does possess.
scene_heading: 134. IN THE WAIST - NIGHT
text: KILLICK and NAGEL are less than impressed with HOLLOM and
text: sing over him, led by ORRAGE the cook.
speaker_heading: ORRAGE
dialog: Come all you thoughtless young men,
dialog: A warning take by me,
dialog: And never leave your happy homes
text: to sail the raging sea.
scene_heading: 135. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The Surprise sailing away from us, the chorus drifting across
text: the darkness.
scene_heading: 135a. OCEAN. DAY
text: The colours are changing, from the rich hues of the tropics
text: to the cold muted colours of colder, more southerly climes.
text: Still the surprise sails on
scene_heading: 136. THE GREAT CABIN - DAY
text: Fingers trace a course down the east coast of South America.
text: Another, more detailed chart is placed on top of the first.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: This one's by Colnett, Sir. He travelled
text: with Captain Cook and carried a pair of
text: Arnott's chronometers.
text: JACK finds their position and marks it with pencil. A knock
text: on the door. Officers and crew are now dressed according to
dialog: the change in climate
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: Couple of the men to see you, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Show them in.
text: The door opens to reveal NAGEL and WARLEY carrying something.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What's this?
text: A scale model of a ship, 15 inches long, perfect in every
text: detail. Jack takes it, delighted, the name picked out in gold
text: on the stern - Acheron.
speaker_heading: NAGEL
dialog: It were Warley's idea, Sir.
speaker_heading: WARLEY
dialog: I thought she were familiar like, then I
dialog: remembered where I'd seen her - in
dialog: Boston, during the Peace.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: [ ] In Boston?
speaker_heading: WARLEY (nods)
dialog: Yes, Sir. She's Yankee built. I seen them
dialog: working on her, something right strange
dialog: about her scantlings. Then I seen them
dialog: balls bounce off her an' I got to
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: NAGEL
dialog: If you look here, Sir. One side opens up.
text: He pulls a side off the model, exposing its construction.
speaker_heading: WARLEY
dialog: Mister Nagel here done it just like I
dialog: seen her - a third layer 'tween the
dialog: outer and inner ribbing - diagonal
dialog: bracing, see?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Just like the U.S. Constitution - our 12
dialog: pounders couldn't penetrate except at
text: close range.
text: He passes the model to ALLEN.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Killick. Killick, there.
text: KILLICK enters.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: An extra ration of rum for these men,
dialog: from my private store.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Which I was saving for Saluting Day, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rouse it up, Killick, and a bottle for
dialog: Mr. ALLEN and me. Let us live whilst
dialog: we're alive!
text: KILLICK goes to get the bottles
text: JACK hunkers down to bring his gaze level with the ship, as
text: though studying its tiny occupants.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: He's vulnerable here.
text: He taps the stern windows.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
text: Cross her stern, rake her with a
text: broadside through her length. But how to
dialog: get close enough? Past those long
dialog: eighteens. That's the devil of it.
scene_heading: 136b SURPRISE QUARTERDECK DAY
text: The Surprise has stopped level with a Spanish merchantman,
text: which lies three hundred yards away, headed in the opposite
dialog: direction.
text: The two boats have hove to and are communicating by
text: megaphone, Stephen translating the Spanish captains words,
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: He says they were chased for three days
dialog: till they finally our-ran her. Forty gun
text: French privateer headed due south.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Capital. Thank him and let us be off.
text: The Spanish captain, already making sail, waves and shouts a
text: greeting, which Stephen calls back to him.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What did he say there?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: A Spanish farewell. "May no new thing
dialog: arrive." New things being generally by
dialog: their nature bad.
scene_heading: 137. STEPHEN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Stephen is with Blakeney, re-bandaging the younger man's
text: stump. Blakeney looks away, his eyes moving over the doctors
dialog: collection of books, learned texts in French Spanish, Greek
dialog: and Latin
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Do you have a manual of exercises sir.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Exercises?
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Physical exercises, to make the left arm
dialog: as powerful as the right once was.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I think that will happen with usage, at
dialog: least to a certain extent.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: But not completely. I will never be whole
dialog: again, will I?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No but you will adapt to your new
dialog: situation
dialog: The natural world shows us any number of
dialog: examples of how that is possible.
text: Blakeney bites his lip
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: You know my father was a great fighting
dialog: captain. It was always his expectation I
dialog: would follow in his footsteps. I worry
dialog: that with this arm I will now be good for
dialog: nothing but book learning and philosophy.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Ah. Like me you mean.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: (becoming tearful)
dialog: I cannot use a sextant, cannot tie a knot
dialog: or climb the rigging. Cannot even dress
dialog: myself. What chance to I have now of even
dialog: making first lieutenant.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: You have every chance. You hear me every
dialog: chance. Only the other day I heard the
dialog: captain singing your praises. Your
dialog: courage, your fortitude in battle, your
dialog: skill at logarithms and double elevations
dialog: whatever they may be. And when you are
dialog: rated lieutenant you shall have someone
dialog: to tie your bootlaces for you. Aye and
dialog: help you with your jacket. Here take my
dialog: handkerchief. I believe we are summonsed
dialog: to dinner.
scene_heading: 139. MAIN MAST - DAWN
text: The maintop captain, WARLEY, shouts to the deck, his breath
text: forming in the frosty air -
speaker_heading: WARLEY
dialog: Sail on the larboard bow!
scene_heading: 140. GREAT CABIN/LADDER
text: JACK throwing on a heavy boat-cloak, running for the ladder,
text: KILLICK behind him trying to get a scarf about JACK's neck
text: and a cap on his head.
scene_heading: 141. THE RIGGING - DAWN
text: Follow JACK as he runs up the ratlines, over the futtock
text: shrouds, then up the topmast shrouds, finally arriving at the
text: very top of the mast, to join WARLEY and PULLINGS.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where away?
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
text: Hull down, two points off the larboard
dialog: beam.
text: JACK takes the telescope.
scene_heading: 142. TELESCOPE P.O.V.
text: Just the tips of masts, the hull below the horizon.
speaker_heading: WARLEY (O.S.)
dialog: She's a frigate all right, but no way of
text: knowing if she be the phantom.
text: Beyond the distant ship, a line of black clouds.
scene_heading: 143. RIGGING - DAWN
text: JACK and PULLINGS slide to the deck on parallel back-stays,
text: as careless as a couple of midshipmen.
scene_heading: 144. QUARTERDECK - DAWN
dialog: JACK shouting -
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Set studdingsails and top gallants. Then
dialog: wet the sails and have the idlers placed
text: along the rail.
text: PULLINGS and HOLLAR bark out their orders. Men race to obey.
text: JACK steps up on the gunwale, spying out the distant ship.
text: BLAKENEY, nearby, rests his telescope on CALAMY's shoulder,
text: focussing with his left hand.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Is it him, Sir?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Touch wood, Mr. Blakeney. And I fancy
dialog: she plans to out-run us. Ask Dr. Maturin
dialog: to join us, he loves a good chase.
text: BLAKENEY goes below. Above, the topmen release more sail
text: which is tightened by the men on deck hauling on cables.
text: Those not working sit on a row along the windward gunwale,
text: like the crew of an ocean racing yacht, to counterbalance the
text: pull of the sails.
scene_heading: 145. WEATHER-DECK - DAY
text: Their speed is so great green seas are now sweeping the
text: forecastle. A man falls and rolls into the scuppers.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: Lifelines fore and aft!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Speed, Mr. Calamy?
text: CALAMY heaves the lead and reads the log line, then shouts
dialog: back to JACK -
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Twelve knots, Sir!
scene_heading: 146. THE SURPRISE - DAY
text: Heeled over under a great press of sail, her copper showing
text: as she clefts the waves.
scene_heading: 147. FORECASTLE - DAY
text: Lined up along the starboard rails, the crew look back at
text: their captain riding the ship like a charioteer, one eye
text: aloft on the creaking topmost spar.
speaker_heading: JEMMY DUCKS
dialog: We're cracking on, eh?
speaker_heading: FASTER DOUDLE
dialog: We'll be cracking off presently if he
dialog: doesn't watch it.
speaker_heading: SLADE
dialog: No, he knows this ship. He knows what she
dialog: can take.
text: He touches wood, just the same and looks at Joe Plaice who
text: gives a meaningful roll of his eyes.
text: Ahead, the bank of storm clouds loom gunmetal grey.
scene_heading: 148. GREAT CABIN - DAY
text: PULLINGS knocks and enters, with an anxious looking MR. LAMB,
text: with whom he has been arguing a point.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
text: We can just see her topsails. She's made
text: her turn westwards.
speaker_heading: LAMB
dialog: I can't vouch for the mizzen Sir, not
dialog: round Cape Horn.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll not lose her now. Set a course
text: westwards.
text: Both men accept this and leave.
scene_heading: 149. QUARTERDECK (TIMELAPSE) - DAY
text: The wind has increased considerably, the deck sloping like
text: the roof of a house, the masts bending like coach-whips.
text: PULLINGS and LAMB are looking up at the mizzenmast which is
text: making ominous creaks and groans.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Mr Hollar, rig preventer backstays. Warps
text: and light hawsers to the mastheads.
text: JACK stares ahead to the darkening sky as they move across a
text: switchback landscape of massive rolling waves.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Better get below, Mr. Pullings!
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: What, Sir?
speaker_heading: JACK (GRINNING)
dialog: Better get some food in you. Before it
dialog: turns nasty.
scene_heading: 150. OCEAN - DAY
text: Wide to see the two ships. The Surprise and the Acheron with
text: a mile of sea between them. It's like some great ocean race,
text: with neither prepared to take in canvas despite the appalling
dialog: conditions.
scene_heading: 151. QUARTERDECK - LATER, DAY
text: They are running fast before a dangerous, following sea: a
text: landscape of hills and valleys, the whole thing in terrifying
dialog: motion.
text: The forecastle now vanishes in foam with every plunge, rising
text: each time with water pouring over the waist and spouting from
text: her scuppers.
text: KILLICK comes up with the coffee pot inside his jacket. JACK
text: drinks from the spout, peering ahead into the murk. A wild
text: unruly part of him is loving this.
text: Above him, more top-men struggle up the rigging, with the
text: mast drawing crazy figure of eights on a rushing sky.
scene_heading: 152. BELOW DECKS
text: The dog watch are wolfing their food, mugs and dinner plates
text: sliding over the table. Crewmen walk up hill to the grog
text: barrel, down their ration and head up top again.
speaker_heading: HIGGINS
dialog: You reckon Captain will keep chasing him
dialog: 'round the Horn with every stitch of
dialog: canvas flying?
speaker_heading: DAVIES
dialog: I reckon he'd chase him to the gates of
dialog: hell if he has to.
speaker_heading: PLAICE
dialog: And that's where we're all going if he
text: doesn't take in sail.
text: Since his injury, Joe Plaice's startlingly random
text: pronouncements have acquired the quality of an oracle.
speaker_heading: 153. ON DECK
text: The wind rising from yell to shriek. Waves blown flat by it,
text: the ship travelling at a drunken sideways angle across a
text: raging expanse of white foam.
text: Four men on the wheel, lashed to it, with the air around them
text: full of water.
text: In the distance a tower of black rock on the rim of the sea,
text: distant rollers breaking against it and surging up to a
text: preposterous height.
text: JACK looks up at the great press of canvas as he paces the
text: quarterdeck, the officers glancing from the sails back to
speaker_heading: JACK.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Strike the topgallants.
text: Men gratefully rush to the ratlines and begin climbing to the
text: masts.
text: STEPHEN staggers up onto deck. JACK calls to him, pointing at
text: the black rock.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Cape Horn, Doctor!
text: STEPHEN stares across at the legendary Cape. He's struggling
text: with his pocket-glass when a lurch of the ship sends him
text: tumbling. As men help him below, WARLEY, the maintop captain
text: reports to the bosun.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR (to WARLEY)
dialog: Help them with that mizzen topgallant!
dialog: You go too, Mr. Hollom!
text: HOLLOM looks desperate as he follows WARLEY up the ratlines
text: of the mizzen.
scene_heading: 154. MIZZEN TOPgallant MAST
text: WARLEY works frantically. He's out on the yardarm high above
text: the raging sea. He shouts for HOLLOM to join him, but HOLLOM
text: is still in the top, some twenty feet below, unable or
dialog: unwilling to climb any higher.
scene_heading: 155. THE SURPRISE - DAY
text: Wide to see the ship. WARLEY working on the swaying mizzen.
text: The bow swinging a couple of points further south.
scene_heading: 156. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Wood and rope straining as they wrestle to turn. Then a
text: tremendous crack as the mizzen-topmast splits and flies
text: backward into the sea, carrying WARLEY along with it.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: Man overboard!
text: Sail and cordage falling over the men at the wheel. A loose
text: block and tackle swinging murderously in the gale.
text: JACK fights free from the tangle of ropes as WARLEY vanishes
text: in the foam. The mizzenmast is acting as a sea-anchor
text: dragging the ship's head northwards toward the black rocks.
text: JACK grabs a speaking-trumpet as WARLEY briefly reappears.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Swim for the wreckage, man!
text: Then to PULLINGS.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Reduce sail!
text: As crewmen scramble frantically into the rigging, JACK turns
text: back to see WARLEY desperately swimming toward the trailing
text: wreckage, his mates shouting encouragement over the howling
dialog: wind.
text: With sails reduced the ship perceptibly slows, but the
text: dragging wreckage is swinging the ship broadside on to the
dialog: waves.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: She's broaching!
text: PULLINGS runs to JACK, pointing to the trailing mass of ropes
dialog: and mast.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: It's acting as a sea-anchor! We must cut
dialog: it loose, Sir!
text: WARLEY still struggling to reach the wreckage but going under
text: with each wave. JACK, agonized, makes his decision.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Axes!
text: AWKWARD DAVIES scrambles up the ladder with an axe, but loses
text: his footing and falls sprawling over the quarterdeck.
text: JACK grabs the axe and attacks the ropes. He's joined by
text: NAGEL who has run to assist before realizing that the man
text: overboard is his friend Warley.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Set to then. Set to!!
text: NAGEL's face is a mask of horror, but he obeys Jacks orders
text: and starts chopping. He and Jack work shoulder to shoulder,
dialog: matching blow for blow [ ]
text: The prow keeps turning, wave after wave coming at right
text: angles to the ship.
scene_heading: 157. ON THE GUN-DECK - DAY
text: A hatch cover is torn off by the force of water, a sudden
text: mighty deluge pouring down into the lower levels drenching
text: the men and swamping the guns.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR (yells below)
dialog: All hands to the pumps!
scene_heading: 158. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: JACK and NAGEL [ ] keep hacking at the tangle of ropes.
text: Knocking chips off the railing in their urgency to cut free
text: the dragging mast.
text: Finally they succeed. The last of the ropes [ ] whips away,
text: the broken mizzen disappears aft and the ship swings
text: southward, away from the rocks.
text: The wreckage is swept away by the next wave, leaving WARLEY
text: struggling, his last chance of getting back to the ship gone.
text: Then another wave breaks over him and he is gone.
text: NAGEL is bereft. JACK lowers his head.
scene_heading: 159. OUTSIDE THE GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: KILLICK and BLACK BILL.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
text: He's been at it again.
speaker_heading: BLACK BILL
dialog: Who's that then?
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: The Jonah.
speaker_heading: BLACK BILL
dialog: What Jonah?
scene_heading: 160. THE GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: JACK sits at his desk. The model of the Acheron that WARLEY
text: helped make sits accusingly in front of him.
text: STEPHEN pours him a glass on wine, and one for himself.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The deaths in actual battle are the
dialog: easiest.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For my own part - those who die under the
dialog: knife or from some consequent infection:
dialog: I have to remind myself that it is the
dialog: enemy who killed them, and not me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Warley was a casualty of war, as surely
text: as if a French ball had taken him.
text: JACK nods. Obviously the death still weighs on his
dialog: conscience. [ ]
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (offering the wine)
dialog: At the same time....
text: He breaks off
dialog: Jack
dialog: At the same time, what?
text: Stephen hesitates, aware that he has to proceed carefully
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: You know that I wear two hats on every
dialog: voyage. I am the captains particular
dialog: friend and supporter, but also I am the
dialog: ships doctor in which later capacity I am
dialog: party to....
text: He catches a steely glint in Jacks eye and breaks off.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't want me to continue.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: On the contrary. I insist on it.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: There is talk below decks of turning
dialog: back. Or rather that we should have
dialog: turned back some weeks ago. Of course the
dialog: men would follow "Lucky Jack" anywhere,
dialog: and usually in the confident expectation
dialog: of victory. But that of course is the
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What is the problem?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: That you are not accustomed to defeat
dialog: Jack. That you have taken it too
dialog: personally. That chasing this larger,
text: faster ship, with its long guns, is
dialog: beginning to smack of pride 'which goeth
dialog: before destruction'?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's not pride nor anything like it, it's
dialog: a question of duty.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: 'Duty', ah yes. The naval signal for end
dialog: of discussion.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can be as 'satiric' as you like,
dialog: Stephen, but I have my orders. She is
dialog: attacking our whalers. For why? Without
dialog: whales we have no boot polish, nor any
dialog: soap, nor oil for our lamps, not to oil
dialog: our sabres and muskets. Destroying our
dialog: whalers could win the war for Napoleon.
dialog: Which is why we must catch this Acheron.
dialog: As a man of learning surely you can see
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: At whatever the cost?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Any whatever cost I choose to pay. And I
dialog: will calculate that myself, Stephen
dialog: without reference to your friends in the
dialog: ward room.
scene_heading: 160A MIZZEN-TOP
text: An icy wind whips at the men working on the temporary mizzen
dialog: mast.
text: Hollom, half way up the rigging is relaying instructions
text: between the men in the rigging and the men on deck
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
text: Cast off.
text: The new yard flails around on its pulley, bashing dangerously
text: against the mast. Almost claiming Nagel
speaker_heading: HOLLOM (CONT'D)
dialog: Belay. Sorry. Sorry.
speaker_heading: 161 QUARTERDECK
text: PULLING craning upwards. The topmen's shouted commands are
text: whipped away by the gale.
text: JACK joins him, still smarting from the conversation with
dialog: Stephen
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We'll have to go further south, get
dialog: around this bloody west wind.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: How far south?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: As far as is necessary, Mr. Pullings. The
dialog: sixtieth parallel if need be.
scene_heading: 162. THE SHIP - DAY
text: Tacking southwards. The sun, a pale anaemic disc, gradually
text: disappearing behind layers of cloud.
text: The wind is a constant shrill whistle through the rigging, a
text: sound like some infernal drill which rises and falls but
dialog: never ceases.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO -
scene_heading: 163. QUARTERDECK - DAWN
text: The sun rising in a clear sky which turns a sapphire blue.
text: White ice-islands lie all around them, some a pure, rosy
text: pink. Others bright ultramarine.
text: And still the wind howls, driving them further south.
text: MOWETT passes his telescope to STEPHEN MATURIN. As STEPHEN
text: studies some seals on an ice-beach, MOWETT launches into
text: verse, shouting against the wind -
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: Then we upon the globes last verge shall
text: go to view the ocean leaning on the sky
dialog: from thence our rolling neighbours we
dialog: shall know
dialog: and on the hidden world securely pry!
text: He is interrupted by a bundle of guns clattering on board
text: from one of the small boats. They are followed by Mr Howard
text: clad in several thicknesses of sealskin and carrying a brace
text: of dead penguin.
scene_heading: 164. THE SHIP AT NIGHT
text: The ship scudding onwards, soundless at this distance, but
text: for the chilling high pitched whistle of the wind.
text: An iceberg passes in foreground, fantastic shapes of ice,
text: like a Gothic cathedral, sculpted by the elements.
scene_heading: 165. BERTH DECK - NIGHT
text: Hanging stoves provide some feeble warmth. Men huddle close
text: to them, their breath condensing, or lie shivering in their
text: bunks, unable to sleep for the cold.
text: HOLLAR appears with a lantern.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR
dialog: Rise and shine! Show a leg there, tumble
dialog: up, tumble up - sleepers awake!
text: As the previous watch arrive downstairs, numb and dazed from
text: the cold, the next watch emerge from their hammocks and
text: dress. No-one speaks.
scene_heading: 166. THE GREAT CABIN - DAY
text: The officers take their places at dinner. Once again it's
dialog: penguin stew.
text: PULLINGS comes in, with an unexpected smile on his face and
text: whispers something to JACK.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Praise be. At last.
text: The others seem to know what's going on, all except STEPHEN
text: who looks baffled.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Pray what is there to celebrate?
text: JACK holds up his hand for silence. A series of creaks and
text: groans from the ship. The coffee pot tilts on its gimbals.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We have made our turn northward, Doctor.
text: We are headed back toward the sun...
text: The officers give a slightly ragged cheer.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: ...in anticipation of which. I asked
dialog: Killick to prepare something special.
dialog: (shouts off)
dialog: Killick. Killick there.
text: KILLICK comes in with his usual exasperated expression,
text: bearing a tray with a silver tureen lid on it.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: Which I was just coming.
text: He lays it on the table.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Gentlemen, I give you... our destination.
text: He whips off the lid to reveal a strange glutinous mass, a
text: pudding cut in the oddest of shapes. Everyone stands to get a
dialog: better look.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The Galapagos Islands.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: 'Pon my word so it is. Look: here's
dialog: Narborough, Chatham and Hood...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's where the whalers are, ain't it Mr
dialog: Allen. So that's where the Acheron will
dialog: be headed.
text: The mood is now taken over by the glee of recognition, as the
text: officers marvel over the pudding.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Pullings, if you'll permit me, a
dialog: slice of Albermale. For you Doctor,
dialog: Redondo Rock.
text: There's a tiny man-of-war made of icing, between the islands.
text: JACK picks it up in his spoon.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: And, with a fair wind behind us the
dialog: Acheron for me.
scene_heading: 167. OPEN OCEAN, DOLDRUMS - DAY
text: Slow pan over a glassy expanse of water. JACK's head suddenly
text: breaks the surface, close to camera.
text: As he swims he brings the Surprise into view. The ship is
text: utterly becalmed, wallowing in the swell, her sails hanging
text: limp. A 'painted ship upon a painted ocean'.
text: JACK swims around the ship, which currently presents a less
text: than warlike picture with washing hanging from every part of
text: the rigging.
text: He calls up to PULLINGS -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Best bowers chipped... Lot of rust on
dialog: these forechains... black strake needs
text: another coat.
scene_heading: 168. QUARTERDECK
text: JACK comes aboard, takes a towel from KILLICK and looks about
dialog: him.
text: The men are holystoning the deck and polishing the
text: brightwork. They look thin and exhausted and burnt dark-brown
text: by the sun and wind.
scene_heading: 169. FORECASTLE
text: Killick is with NAGEL and others tarring the ratlines as he
text: looks back at HOLLOM, patrolling the gangway.
text: KILLICK indicates him with a tilt of the head.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: That engagement off Recife: his whole gun
text: crew killed and him not a mark on him.
text: Soon as he went up the mizzen mast Warley
dialog: falls. And whose watch was it when we
dialog: lost our wind?
text: HOLLOM sees them looking at him.
scene_heading: 170. THE SCUTTLEBUTT, SHIP'S WAIST - DAY
text: A marine sentry, TROLLOPE, stands guard by the ship's water-
text: barrel - the level is very low. STEPHEN ladles some water
text: into a phial.
speaker_heading: TROLLOPE
dialog: One glass per man, sir, Captain's orders.
text: STEPHEN straightening, irritated by the challenge.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: A mere thimbleful, Corporal, for
dialog: scientific purposes only.
scene_heading: 171. STEPHEN'S CABIN - DAY
text: In the gloom of his cabin, STEPHEN angles the mirror of his
text: brass microscope toward the window, and places a slide
text: containing a droplet of water under the lens.
scene_heading: 172. MAINMAST-TOP - DAY
text: JACK climbs into the top. He adjusts his telescope, studies
text: the horizon.
scene_heading: 173. JACK'S TELESCOPE P.O.V.
text: He pans across the empty sea.
scene_heading: 174. STEPHEN'S MICROSCOPE P.O.V.
text: An assortment of mobile, transparent micro-organisms rotating
text: wildly.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (O.S.)
dialog: My God, Padeen, a veritable zoo.
text: PADEEN takes a look, amazed then greatly amused.
scene_heading: 175. THE GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: Charts are spread all over the table, STEPHEN poring over
text: them when Jack comes in
dialog: [ ]
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Show me where these Doldrums lie?
text: JACK joins him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stephen. Will we never make a sailor of
dialog: you? The doldrums is a condition, not a
dialog: region. But you tend to strike 'em
dialog: here...
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: ...between the trades, and the
dialog: sou'easterlies. I hope the Acheron is
dialog: having it as bad as we are.
text: STEPHEN considers their current position on the chart, the
text: tiny Galapagos Islands to the north and the vast emptiness to
text: the west of them.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Assuming he is heading for the Galapagos,
dialog: and not some other point in all this
dialog: vastness?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come. I'd have thought you'd be delighted
dialog: to go there. It is said to be a natural
dialog: paradise
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: In truth I'd be delighted with the merest
dialog: guano stained rock provided it didn't
text: sway beneath my feet
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, we'll take on food and water once
dialog: we're there, and as compensation for not
dialog: having put ashore in Brazil I pledge that
dialog: during that time, several days at least,
dialog: you can wander at will, catching bugs and
dialog: beetles to your heart's delight. You will
dialog: be the first naturalist to set foot on
dialog: the islands. That is my solemn promise
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I accept, provided the men have not
dialog: mutinied and thrown us all overboard
dialog: before we get there.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mutiny? No. They are already counting
dialog: their share of the prize money.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Another week of this and they shall
dialog: gladly give it up for a glass of clean
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ach, Stephen. Stephen. Pray stop your
dialog: bellyacheing. We shall have rain
dialog: presently, and if not we shall damned
dialog: well tow ourselves out of this.
scene_heading: 176. JOLLY BOAT - DAY
text: Disgruntled, under-slept men, in boats towing the ship.
text: NAGEL and DAVIES look back darkly at HOLLOM who sits in the
dialog: stern.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: Stroke. Stroke...
speaker_heading: DAVIES (whispers)
dialog: I heard he were on the Fair Marion as
text: foundered off Tresco. And he were on the
text: Zephyrus what exploded at Trafalgar.
text: HOLLOM has heard this, as DAVIES intended, but he looks away
text: choosing to ignore them.
scene_heading: 177. FIGHTING TOP - DAY
text: A view from above of men towing the ship. Over this an
text: unpleasant scraping sound - chalk on slate.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: M-a-s-t... mast
text: STEPHEN is writing words on a slate then offering them to
text: BONDEN whom he is teaching to read.
speaker_heading: BONDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: S-u-n... sun
text: STEPHEN nods and scratches another word on the board. As
text: BONDEN struggles to decipher it there's the sound of a musket
text: shot and a seabird falls out of the sky.
text: HOWARD, the captain of marines, reloads his smoking musket
text: laughing aloud.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Is that man completely mad?
dialog: (shouts down)
dialog: Mr. Howard, a petrel is not good eating!
text: HOWARD looks up towards them, a broad smile on his red moon
text: of a face.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Were you never a man for sporting,
dialog: Doctor? Why you could shoot all day in
dialog: these waters with two men loading!
scene_heading: 178. GUN-DECK - DAY
text: The midshipmen and powder-monkeys have assembled for weapons
text: practise, armed with cutlasses. CALAMY and WILLIAMSON divide
text: the group into two teams, choosing sides as for school-yard
dialog: football.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Blakeney...
speaker_heading: WILLIAMSON
dialog: Rye...
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Swift...
speaker_heading: WILLIAMSON
dialog: Boyle...
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: (the final choice)
dialog: All right, come on Addison.
text: Little ADDISON joins CALAMY's side, trailing his too-large
text: sword. WILLIAMSON tosses a coin.
speaker_heading: CALAMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Heads.
speaker_heading: WILLIAMSON
dialog: It's tails. We attack.
text: CALAMY's side retire to a defensive position made of tar
text: barrels at one end of the deck. From here they are suddenly
text: aware of Jack idly watching their mock-fight from the
dialog: quarter-deck
text: WILLIAMSON's team give a yell and charge at them.
text: It's serious fighting. Heads are struck, fingers are rapped.
text: BLAKENEY, trying gamely with his left arm but frustrated by
text: his own ineptitude, goes down under the rush of attackers.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Ow ow ow!
speaker_heading: WILLIAMSON
dialog: Yield.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
text: Let go of him.
speaker_heading: WILLIAMSON
dialog: Yield!!
text: CALAMY can't drag the bigger boy off. He whips a pistol out
text: of his belt and fires it at WILLIAMSON's head.
text: WILLIAMSON is blasted sideways, clutching his face and
text: yelling in pain. The other boys separate, horrified.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: It's just powder. There wasn't a ball in
dialog: it, just powder.
text: He helps BLAKENEY to his feet.
speaker_heading: CALAMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: No.
text: Angrily shaking free of him, he looks to where Jack stood,
text: but the captain is no longer watching.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: What's wrong? I saved you.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: I didn't need to be saved.
scene_heading: 179. ON DECK - DAY
text: Tar bubbling under the heat of the sun. Cannons fizzing and
text: steaming as they are washed.
text: There's been a change of crews in the long-boats, and HOLLOM
text: and his men are now back on board. NAGEL is approaching from
text: one end of the narrow gang-way, HOLLOM from the other. NAGEL
text: pushes past, deliberately bumping HOLLOM, who stumbles,
text: clutching for the gunwale.
scene_heading: 180. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: JACK sees this outrageous act of indiscipline and yells out -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Master at arms! Take that man below and
text: clap him in irons. Mr. Pullings,
text: defaulters at six bells.
scene_heading: 181. THE GREAT CABIN, DOLDRUMS - DAY
text: JACK stands behind his desk, brow like thunder. From outside
text: the sounds of the muster. HOLLOM stands in front of him,
text: twisting his hat between his hands.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The man pushed past you without making
dialog: his obedience. And yet you said nothing.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: No, Sir, I intended to but the right
dialog: words just didn't...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: 'The right words'? He failed to salute
dialog: you. It's deliberate insubordination.
text: HOLLOM looks at the floor, mumbles -
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: They don't like me, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They what? Speak up, man!
text: HOLLOM raises his head and looks at JACK, his eyes shiny with
text: tears and when he opens his mouth the words tumble out in a
dialog: rush.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: I've tried to get to know the men a bit,
dialog: Sir, be friendly like, but they've taken
text: a set against me. Always whispering when
text: I go past, giving me looks. But, I'll set
dialog: that to rights, be tougher on them from
text: now on.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can't make 'friends' with the
dialog: foremast jacks, they'll despise you in
dialog: the end. Nor do you need be a tyrant.
dialog: It's leadership they want, strength,
dialog: respect.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: I'm very sorry, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're what twenty-three, twenty-four?
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: (smiling weakly)
text: Twenty-five next Friday.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You've failed to pass for lieutenant
dialog: twice. You can't spend the rest of your
dialog: life as a midshipman.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: I'll try harder, Sir.
text: KILLICK helps JACK on with his full-dress uniform.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, it's an unfortunate business,
dialog: Hollom. Damned unfortunate.
text: KILLICK seems to endorse this by placing the captain's hat
text: emphatically on JACK's head.
text: Jack turns and strides out of the cabin, HOLLOM following
text: slowly after him.
scene_heading: 182. QUARTERDECK, DOLDRUMS - DAY
text: The entire crew has been mustered. The uniformed officers
text: line the quarterdeck as JACK reads from the Articles of War.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: 'Article Thirty-Six. All other crimes not
dialog: capital, committed by any person or
dialog: persons in the fleet... shall be punished
dialog: according to the laws, and customs, of
dialog: the sea.'
dialog: (then, to NAGEL)
dialog: Mr. Nagel, you're an old man-of-war's man
dialog: and yet you failed to salute an officer.
dialog: You knew what you were doing. Have you
dialog: anything to say in your defence?
text: NAGEL looks at the deck.
speaker_heading: NAGEL
dialog: No, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have his officers anything to say for
dialog: him?
text: DAVIES and KILLICK scowl across the deck at HOLLOM, who looks
text: wretched but says nothing.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Seize him up.
text: NAGEL is spread-eagled to the grating, his hands tied.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR
dialog: Seized up, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: One dozen. Bosun's mate, do your duty.
text: The mate takes the leather cat-o-nine tails out of its red
dialog: bag.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: FADE UP ON -
scene_heading: 183. THE GREAT CABIN - DUSK
text: JACK stands alone, tuning his fiddle. No matter how much he
text: turns the peg the top string always sounds flat. He tunes
text: some more and breaks it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Red hell...
scene_heading: 184. QUARTERDECK - DUSK
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: ...and bloody death!
text: Every word is plainly audible to the men on watch, who
text: pretend to hear nothing.
scene_heading: 185. THE GREAT CABIN - DUSK
text: JACK is fitting a new string. Widen to reveal STEPHEN sitting
text: opposite with his cello.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I was merely remarking that you have
dialog: always prided yourself on not being a
dialog: flogging captain and this...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I am not a "flogging captain". I have not
dialog: once rigged the grating on this voyage,
dialog: not once in twelve thousand miles.
dialog: Besides, I wager you will find a deal
dialog: more brutality on land.
text: Tightening the new string. The note escalating as he turns.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I'm not a party to it on land.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well you are party to it on my ship.
dialog: Men must be governed. Often not wisely I
dialog: grant you, but there are hierarchies even
dialog: in nature, as you've often said yourself.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Hierarchies. That is the excuse of every
dialog: tyrant in history. Of Nero. Of Boneparte.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (trying to call a halt)
dialog: Yes. Fine words I'm sure
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (continues regardless)
dialog: ...We are not animals and I for one am
dialog: opposed to authority, that egg of misery
dialog: and oppression..
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Very fine words Stephen, but In these
dialog: current circumstances, hard-work and firm
dialog: discipline is what keeps our little
dialog: wooden world together.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: And grog I suppose.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Of course. What of it? Of course they
dialog: have their grog!
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (sits) (CONT'D)
dialog: You know Nagel was drunk when he insulted
dialog: Hollom. And Higgins is never sober. Even
dialog: the midshipmen...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The men will have their grog Stephen. It
dialog: is part of the immemorial tradition of
dialog: the service
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Well a shameful tradition it is too. To
dialog: have them pressed from their homes, kept
text: in a permanent state of dull inebriation.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stephen...
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: ...confined for months in a wooden
dialog: prison, Never more than a few hours sleep
text: and flogged when drunken idleness drives
dialog: them to....
speaker_heading: JACK (forcefully)
dialog: ...Stephen! I warn you that friend or no
dialog: I will not have you talk of the service
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I am stating plain facts
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (finally explodes)
dialog: Well I will not hear them! From you or
dialog: anyone. You understand! Things are as
dialog: they are for good or bad whether or not
dialog: they have a place in your damned papist
dialog: philosophy. If you are here to make music
dialog: then sit down and play. If not be gone,
dialog: for you have come
dialog: to the wrong shop for anarchy!
text: In stony silence Stephen puts down his cello bow and leaves
text: past Killick, who is lurking as always by the door.
scene_heading: 186. SCUTTLEBUTT - DUSK
text: Something disturbs the dark surface of the water as HOLLOM
text: dips the ladle and fills his cup.
text: A sense of someone moving up behind him. HOLLOM turns
text: abruptly. It's the marine sentry, moving in the shadows. He
text: stares at HOLLOM as he backs away toward the ladder and
text: hurries below.
scene_heading: 187. BERTH DECK - DUSK
text: To reach his quarters he is obliged to walk the length of the
text: berth deck, past HOWARD obsessively cleaning his pistol,
text: another man whittling with a knife, DAVIES adding another
text: link in the tattooed chain about BECKETT's middle.
text: No-one speaks as HOLLOM runs the gauntlet of their stares,
text: acutely aware of his own breathing. It now seems universally
dialog: to be held that he is the author of all the ship's
dialog: misfortune.
text: Nagle pointedly turns his back, the scars from the flogging
text: gleaming wetly in the lamplight
text: Hollom's breath quickens. He stumbles on someone's dunnage,
text: almost trips but is caught before he falls. It's one of
text: NAGEL's mates.
speaker_heading: NAGEL's MATE
dialog: Careful, sir.
scene_heading: 188. MIDSHIPMAN'S BERTH - DUSK
text: HOLLOM comes in, wild-eyed and goes to his berth, breathing
text: hard. CALAMY, BLAKENEY &amp; BOYLE look up from a tense game of
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Are you all right, Hollom?
text: HOLLOM shakes his head miserably, hyperventilating.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: He's not sick. He's useless. He's just
dialog: dodging work.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY (angrily)
dialog: Oh shut up Calamay. What do you know
dialog: about anything?
text: CALAMY glares at BLAKENEY.
scene_heading: 189. INT STEPHEN'S ROOM - DUSK
text: A shot from the deck above.
text: STEPHEN looks up from his book "Di Consolazione Philosophae".
text: Then the sound of bare feet approaching, followed by a knock
text: at the door.
text: Its Joe Plaice, looking agitated.
speaker_heading: PLAICE
dialog: Beg your pardon, your honour, but Mr.
dialog: Howard just shot a sea-monster!
scene_heading: 190. GANGWAY - DUSK
text: STEPHEN and PLAICE stride along to where the marine captain,
text: HOWARD, peers down into the water with one of his men.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Doctor! The very man.
text: STEPHEN moves to the rail, looks out.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: [ ] I wished you'd seen it for
dialog: yourself, Doctor. The crew never seen
dialog: anything like it.
text: On the glassy sea, a smudge of blood and some ripples
speaker_heading: HOWARD (CONT'D)
text: It was prodigious like a human, though
dialog: bigger, might have been a sea-elephant,
dialog: it had a calf with it - I didn't mean to
dialog: hit the calf, I missed my mark.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Mr. Howard, let me beg you, if the men
dialog: can't eat it or I can't dissect it,
dialog: please do not shoot every creature you
dialog: see.
text: STEPHEN stares back down at the ripples spreading over the
text: glassy sea.
scene_heading: 191. THE SURPRISE - NIGHT
text: Wide, on the troubled ship, small yellow patches of light
text: visible from the gun-ports.
scene_heading: 192. BELOW DECKS - NIGHT
text: The men are lying in their hammocks when, from somewhere
text: outside, there comes an ungodly howling. It stops, then comes
text: again, exactly human in its pitch.
text: The crew look at one another. This is like no sound they've
dialog: ever heard.
text: The howling stops then comes again, from another direction.
scene_heading: 193. THE GREAT CABIN, EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: KILLICK and BLACK BILLY listening.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: What did I tell you? The ship's accursed.
scene_heading: 194. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: JACK comes up from below.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What is that abominable noise, for God's
dialog: sake?
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: I have no idea, Sir.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: You don't think it's the Acheron, Sir?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (untypically cutting)
dialog: The enemy cannot come on us without a
dialog: wind, Mr. Mowett.
text: He looks about at the terrified faces of the crew. The
text: wailing sound now rises to a shriek, as STEPHEN joins the
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you make of it, Doctor?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I'm sure I've never heard the like.
text: The crew overhear this and pass it among themselves as
text: another anguished howl fills the night.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps it's the mother of the creature
text: Mr. Howard shot.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: [ ] Creature?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: [ ] A manatee. A sea-elephant possibly.
dialog: Though I have never known one with a cry
dialog: like this.
text: A glance along at HOWARD on the gangway, as terrified as
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Bosun. Fire off some flares.
scene_heading: 195. WIDE ON THE SHIP - NIGHT
text: Three flares soar and burst with a ghostly glow, making a
text: pool of blue light around the ship, the sound continuing to
text: echo and re-echo from somewhere beyond.
scene_heading: 196. QUARTERDECK - NIGHT
text: The light illuminates the half-hour glass, its top-half empty
text: of sand. Like everyone else, the duty sergeant stands frozen
text: to the spot. Jack rounds on him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sergeant, what the devil are you thinking
dialog: of? Turn the glass and strike the bell.
text: Roused, the duty sergeant turns the glass and time resumes
dialog: its flow.
text: Two bells are hesitantly rung and the crew regain the power
text: of motion, their limbs still spastic with fear. And when the
text: sound comes once more they all freeze.
text: JACK joins MOWETT at the taffrail. The thing is somewhere out
dialog: there, whatever it is.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: Perhaps some poor shipwreck?
text: He shouts, a slight nervous catch to his voice.
speaker_heading: MOWETT (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahoy! Is anyone there?
text: Part of him knows it's crazy and of course there's no reply.
text: The sound constantly shifting position, now in the water, now
text: in the sky.
text: JACK turns to see a white face, frighteningly close to his
text: own. It's PADEEN, mouth agape, face unnaturally white,
text: staring into the gloom as though drawn to whatever horror
dialog: lies out there.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Padeen. What are you doing on the
dialog: quarterdeck?
text: He looks down at the press of men who have gathered at the
text: bottom of the ladder, some with weapons.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Below! All of you men below!
speaker_heading: (to MOWETT)
dialog: Tell the bosun those off-duty may sleep
text: with their lamps on.
scene_heading: 197. LOWER DECK - NIGHT
text: Several crewmen huddle close together their faces lit by a
text: battle-lantern. Joe Plaice grim. Doudle wide-eyed. Higgins
text: with his alcoholic tremor more pronounced than ever.
speaker_heading: BLACK BILL
dialog: Duppies make that noise.
speaker_heading: KILLICK (indicating BILL)
dialog: See. They know all about this in Africa.
speaker_heading: DOUDLE
dialog: What's a duppie?
speaker_heading: BLACK BILL
dialog: That Warley. Swallow by a fish. Spirit
dialog: can't get out. Him duppie now.
speaker_heading: SLADE
dialog: Captain don't even know what that noise
dialog: be.
text: General nods of agreement.
speaker_heading: DOUDLE
dialog: Doctor neither, and he knows everything.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: Joe here's got the most experience in
dialog: these matters, and new brains to boot,
dialog: let's hear it from Joe.
text: All eyes on JOE PLAICE. He speaks from the shadows.
speaker_heading: PLAICE
text: It's the Jonah causing it. That howling
text: thing is a signal to the Phantom-Ship.
dialog: He's calling it up, don't you see? Every
dialog: time he's on watch the ship appears. You
dialog: wait and see, the ghost-ship will appear
dialog: any time tonight, and take us all
dialog: straight to the hot-place.
text: Another shriek, closer now, seems to confirm JOE's bizarre
dialog: theory.
scene_heading: 198. MIDSHIPMEN'S BERTH - NIGHT
text: The boys sit together. None of them look at HOLLOM, who sits
text: pale and wretched in a corner of the room, clutching his
dialog: stomach.
scene_heading: 199. STEPHEN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: As the howling continues, STEPHEN looks through a number of
dialog: books on sea-creatures searching for a reference to what
dialog: they're experiencing.
text: As JACK looks over his shoulder, his eye is caught by a
text: picture in one of STEPHEN's books.
text: He picks it up.
text: Close on the picture - it's an engraving of a giant squid,
text: its tentacles wrapped around a ship.
text: Back on JACK holding the picture up to STEPHEN.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You don't think...?
text: There is a knock on the cabin door and BLAKENEY enters,
text: agitated.
scene_heading: BLAKENEY (to STEPHEN)
dialog: It's Mr. Hollom, sir, you better come
dialog: quick.
scene_heading: 200. MIDSHIPMEN'S BERTH
text: HOLLOM writhing in agony on the floor, STEPHEN trying to calm
text: him, shouting for assistance from the midshipmen and then
text: from PADEEN.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Mr Hollom. Sir. Try to contain yourself.
dialog: Hold his head. Mr Hollom. Padeen
scene_heading: 201. STEPHEN'S CABIN - NIGHT.
text: Stephen is writing some case notes in his journal, when Jack
text: puts his head around the door.
text: Stephens POV: The lamp, lighting his face from below and to
text: one side, gives a strange lopsided twist to Jacks smile
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: There's nothing physically wrong with
text: him. He thinks he's been cursed by the
dialog: 0men.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then he probably has been. Sailors will
dialog: abide a great deal, but never a Jonah.
text: It's like a white crow - the others peck
dialog: it to death.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: A 'Jonah'? My God, you believe it too.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I desired to save you the trouble of
dialog: looking for a cure. No doubt it will all
dialog: be sorted by the morning.
scene_heading: 202 FORECASTLE, LATER - NIGHT
text: BLAKENEY stands near the bows peering out into the night. A
text: figure approaches from behind and lays a hand in his
dialog: shoulder.
text: BLAKENEY nearly jumps out of his skin.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Mr. Hollom! You gave me such a start. Are
dialog: you better now?
text: HOLLOM's breathing does indeed seem easier.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: Much better, thank you.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: I think the creature is going away.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM
dialog: I am sure of it.
text: He reaches down, picks up a 12 pound cannonball.
speaker_heading: HOLLOM (CONT'D)
dialog: You've always been very kind to me.
dialog: Goodbye, Blakeney.
text: With a sudden movement he's on the gunwale, then he jumps
text: over the side the cannonball in his arms.
text: BLAKENEY looks down with shock to see HOLLOM's pale face
text: receding from him into the depths. It's a moment before he
text: gathers his wits to shout -
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Man overboard!
scene_heading: 203. QUARTERDECK - DAWN
text: The ship's company are mustered on deck. JACK stands at the
text: sword rack lectern. KILLICK hands him a Bible open at the
dialog: story of Jonah.
text: JACK looks, then hands it back to KILLICK.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The fact is, [ ] not all of us become
dialog: the men we once hoped we might be. But we
dialog: are all God's creatures. If some of us
dialog: thought ill of Mr. Hollom, or spoke ill
dialog: of him, or failed him in respect of
dialog: fellowship, then we ask your forgiveness,
dialog: Lord, and we ask for his.
text: Close on the faces of the crew - KILLICK, HIGGINS, NAGEL,
text: CALAMY, BLAKENEY and finally Stephen who is staring oddly at
text: Jack, as though holding him partly responsible for this
dialog: latest tragedy.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Amen.
text: CREW (mumble ashamedly)
dialog: Amen.
text: The men on deck remain standing, heads bowed, observing a
text: minute's silence, as the sky begins to pale, and the white
text: disc of the sun appears above them.
text: FASTER DOUDLE is the first to look up, followed by others -
text: the terrible sound has gone and a small puff of wind is
text: stirring the mainsail.
scene_heading: 204. HOUR GLASS
text: The sand runs out of the half-hour glass.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
text: Strike eight bells.
text: QUARTERMASTER (to the marine sentry)
text: Turn the glass and strike the bell.
text: The glass is inverted. The bell tolls.
scene_heading: 205. SURPRISE AT SEA - DAY
text: The ship moves through a tropical squall. Men rig a sail to
text: catch the water, others appear with barrels and tubs,
dialog: anything to catch the precious rain.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO -
scene_heading: 206. THE SURPRISE - DAY
text: Sea birds swarming over a shoal of fish in the foreground as
text: the cry of the distant lookout carries faintly across the
dialog: sea.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT (O.S.)
dialog: Land-ho!
scene_heading: 207. GANGWAY - DAY
text: BLAKENEY runs along the gangway, past STEPHEN, en route to
text: the quarterdeck.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Give you joy, sir! We have raised the
dialog: Galapagos!
scene_heading: 208. MONTAGE oF TELESCOPE VIEWS, GALAPAGOS - DAY
text: There's a primeval quality to the landscape, a feeling of a
text: world just born. The wild creatures that inhabit the lava
text: flows and coral beaches confirm this - the giant tortoises,
text: iguanas, sea-lions and penguins, a teeming profusion of
text: exotic animals and plants.
scene_heading: 209. QUARTERDECK/FORECASTLE/TOPS - DAY
text: The ship fairly bristles with telescopes.
scene_heading: 210. FORECASTLE
text: A small group of familiar faces share a pocket telescope.
speaker_heading: HIGGINS (looking)
dialog: Can't see any wimmun. Just lots of ducks
text: and lizards.
text: DOUDLE takes the telescope.
speaker_heading: DOUDLE
dialog: Wot? There must be wimmun. T'ain't
dialog: natural.
scene_heading: 211. QUARTERDECK
text: STEPHEN and BLAKENEY side by side. From both their faces we
dialog: sense their wonder at seeing these remarkable creatures for
dialog: the first time.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: How extraordinary.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: What, sir?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Those birds!
text: He's looking at a group of unremarkable black seabirds
text: waddling about on a rock, flapping short, stumpy wings.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
text: A species of cormorant. But apparently
dialog: flightless, by all that's Holy. I believe
dialog: that is unknown to science.
text: BLAKENEY dwells briefly on the strange rock-climbing birds
text: then drifts back to the iguanas.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: The dragons don't seem to bother 'em.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: They are a type of iguana I should think,
dialog: and therefore vegetarian.
text: His telescope remains focussed on the cormorants. BLAKENEY is
text: wholly absorbed in the iguanas.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Will you catch one?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Yes. Most certainly. And if we can, some
dialog: eggs.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: I mean the great lizards.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Oh!
text: Recognizing how superficially dull the birds are to
text: BLAKENEY's untutored eye, by contrast with giant lizards.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I should think a pair of them. Then you
dialog: can present one of their offspring to the
dialog: king.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: Ha! There's one going for a swim.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No. Iguanas are land animals.
speaker_heading: BONDEN
dialog: Not these ones.
text: The prehistoric-looking creatures, as if suddenly awakened,
text: begin diving into the water.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (O.S.)
dialog: By Jove Bonden you are right! Two new
text: species in as many minutes.
text: He breaks off, suddenly aware of a shouted exchange between
text: the lookout and the quarterdeck.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What is all that confounded bellowing?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All hands about ship!
text: BLAKENEY dashes off and STEPHEN is elbowed out of the way by
text: hands rushing to get at the sails.
speaker_heading: NEHEMIAH SLADE
dialog: By your leave sir, by your leave.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR (distant)
dialog: Helms a'lee - off tacks and sheets -
dialog: mainsail haul!
text: As the ship turns a distant whaleboat appears with six men
text: aboard, pulling out from one of the neighboring islands.
scene_heading: 212. IN THE LEE OF THE SHIP'S HULL (TIME-LAPSE) - DAY
text: The whaleboat has come alongside.
text: Men swarm down the boarding nets and the whalers are helped
text: aboard, hoarse and exhausted from rowing and shouting.
speaker_heading: HOGG
dialog: God bless you. Thank you, shipmates.
scene_heading: 213. QUARTERDECK - LATER, DAY
text: HOGG, the senior whaler, sits with his mates, relating his
text: story to JACK and the officers.
speaker_heading: HOGG
dialog: We was coming back for fresh lines, hid
dialog: in that inlet, yonder. Black-three
text: master. Bit beamy and raised in the
dialog: stern.
text: Meaningful looks among Jack and his men. Its definitely the
dialog: Acheron he's describing [ ]
text: Hogg meanwhile takes a pint mug of water, gulps it down, and
text: passes it back to BLAKENEY for a refill.
speaker_heading: HOGG (CONT'D)
dialog: Hundred thousand pound of good whale oil
dialog: they stole. Then the bastards...
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: (cuffs him)
text: No swearing on the quarterdeck.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (waves ALLEN away)
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: HOGG
dialog: ...Then they burnt our bloody ship and
text: headed off, bunch of fugging pirates.
text: Looking pointedly at Allen
dialog: [ ]
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And her course?
speaker_heading: HOGG
dialog: Maybe a point south of west. Following
text: the rest of the whaling fleet.
speaker_heading: JACK (rising)
dialog: Mr. Mowett, these men to be entered on
dialog: the ship's books. Mr. Allen, lay a course
dialog: west sou'west.
text: As ALLEN hurries away shouting orders -
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: Should we not take on fresh supplies,
dialog: Sir? Those tortoises...
dialog: JACK (overlapping, impatient)
dialog: There's not a moment to lose, Mr.
dialog: Pullings.
text: He leaves the quarterdeck and goes below, STEPHEN following.
scene_heading: 214. IN THE GREAT CABIN
text: JACK has taken his jacket off and is already unfurling his
text: charts. STEPHEN hurries in.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Have you forgotten your promise?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (not looking up)
dialog: Subject to the requirements of the
dialog: service, Stephen. I could not in all
dialog: conscience delay for the sake of an
dialog: iguano or a... giant peccary -
dialog: interesting no doubt, but of no immediate
dialog: application.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (overlap)
dialog: How can you dismiss, out of hand, the
dialog: bounty of nature? Knowledge that... that
dialog: will help to progress...
speaker_heading: JACK (overlap)
dialog: I can see nothing on shore that will
dialog: progress our mission.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (overlap)
dialog: But how can we possibly know what lies
dialog: [ ] on these islands, perhaps some
dialog: knowledge that may save life, that...
speaker_heading: JACK (overlap)
dialog: I will tell you how to save lives
dialog: Stephen. Inform me how to guide this
text: ship, undetected, under the nose of a 40
dialog: gun frigate. That is the job in hand sir.
text: STEPHEN swallows his indignation and tries for a compromise.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Well perhaps there's an opportunity to
dialog: serve both our objectives. As I
dialog: understand it you mean to go round the
dialog: end of this long island, then start your
dialog: voyage. I could walk across it, be on the
dialog: other side long before...
text: JACK shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I would walk briskly, pausing only for
dialog: important measurements and almost
dialog: certainly making valuable discoveries...
speaker_heading: JACK (interrupts)
dialog: If wind and tide had been against us I
dialog: should have said yes. They are not and I
dialog: am obliged to say no.
dialog: (with finality)
dialog: No.
text: STEPHEN is livid. Betrayed.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I see. So after all this time in your
dialog: service I must simply be content to form
dialog: part of this belligerent expedition,
text: hurry past inestimable wonders, bent
dialog: solely on destruction...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ...you forget yourself, sir.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No Jack, You have forgotten your self.
dialog: You once believed in the rights of each
dialog: individual man no matter how useless or
dialog: lowly. But it seems to me now that the
dialog: long exercise of power has brought you to
dialog: the point where even a solemn promise...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The promise was conditional.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: ...a promise to a friend of ten years
dialog: standing who has stood by you and
dialog: supported you....
speaker_heading: JACK (overlapping)
dialog: I command a King's ship, not a private
dialog: yacht...
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: ...across half the worlds oceans often at
dialog: risk to his own life
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ...and we have no time for your damned
dialog: hobbies, sir!
text: "Hobbies". So that is JACK's honest view of STEPHEN's
text: lifetime of work in science. He bows slightly, then leaves.
scene_heading: 215 QUARTERDECK - DUSK
text: STEPHEN stands alone at the taffrail watching as the islands
text: recede in the distance.
text: News of the violent argument has spread and there is many a
text: sympathetic glance, which further humiliates STEPHEN.
text: BLAKENEY approaches him carrying something carefully in the
text: palm of his hand.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Sir, I found a curious beetle walking on
dialog: the deck.
text: He opens his hand - close, on a very plain little brown
dialog: beetle.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I think it's a Galapagos Beetle, sir.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I'm sure of it.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Were you to have walked all day on the
dialog: island, you might never have come across
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: That is more than likely, sure.
text: BLAKENEY passes it to STEPHEN.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: You can have it.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Blakeney.
text: BLAKENEY hovers for a moment, unsure of further conversation,
text: then retreats.
scene_heading: 216 IN THE GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: JACK sits alone at the table. KILLICK enters with toasted
dialog: cheese for two.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: No music? That's a shame
text: He sets down the toasted cheese.
speaker_heading: KILLICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll just leave the one plate then, if
dialog: himself won't be joining.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, Killick. Just the one.
text: JACK cuts himself a portion, scowling at STEPHEN's cello
text: which seems to watch him reproachfully as he eats.
scene_heading: 217. STEPHEN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: STEPHEN takes a dropper, carefully measures twenty drops of
text: laudanum to a glass of water, and drinks.
scene_heading: 218. LOOKOUT - DAY
text: The lookout leaning out from the cross-trees.
speaker_heading: DOUDLE (shouting)
dialog: On deck there. Object fine on the
text: starboard bow.
scene_heading: 219. THE SHIP LYING STATIONARY - DAY
text: A barrel is being lifted aboard from the skiff and passed up
text: the side of the ship.
text: 220. IN THE WAIST OF THE SHIP
text: JACK comes down, accompanied by ALLEN, the acknowledged
dialog: expert in these matters.
text: Others gather round, including HOGG the whaler, inspecting
text: the stencilled markings.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Martha's vineyard.
speaker_heading: HOGG
dialog: No, this here's from Boston. I was
dialog: married there once.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: Any road, it's a Yankee barrel.
speaker_heading: HOGG
dialog: What they call a Bedford Hog in New
dialog: England.
speaker_heading: MOWETT (to JACK)
dialog: The Acheron touched at Boston.
speaker_heading: HOGG
dialog: And it's not been in the water more than
dialog: a week.
speaker_heading: ALLEN
dialog: One can't say with any accuracy but...
speaker_heading: HOGG
dialog: Yes you can. There's no sea chummer on
text: it, and the dowels is sound.
scene_heading: 221. ON THE QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: JACK returns to his post.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Continue due west, Mr. Bonden.
text: TOM PULLINGS watches him. There has been a change amongst the
text: officers and crew toward JACK. His relentless driving after
text: the Acheron has reached the point of obsession, an obsession
text: not shared by his exhausted men.
text: He is a lonely, haunted figure as he now steps up on the
text: gunwale, one hand on the ratlines, scanning the empty sea,
text: sensing his enemy is out there, just beyond the curve of the
dialog: earth.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO -
scene_heading: 222. LADDER (TIME LAPSE) - DAY
text: A wild wind humming through the rigging as STEPHEN goes
text: topside.
scene_heading: 223. FORECASTLE - DAY
text: He finds various hands making the boats secure.
speaker_heading: PLAICE
dialog: Have you seen the bird, doctor?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I have not - no bird these many days.
dialog: What kind of a bird?
speaker_heading: PLAICE
dialog: A sort of albatross I believe, or perhaps
dialog: a prodigious great mew. He has been
text: following the ship since... there he is,
dialog: crossing our wake!
scene_heading: 224. ON THE GANGWAY - DAY
text: STEPHEN runs along the gangway to get a clearer view,
text: checking himself when he sees JACK on the quarterdeck.
text: Their eyes meet. The quarterdeck is JACK's domain now, and
text: STEPHEN avoids it.
text: Then, behind JACK, the great bird suddenly appears.
text: It's huge, with at least a fourteen foot wing-span, and
text: flying very close to the ship, drifting and soaring on the
text: gusting wind, appearing and disappearing between the sails.
text: STEPHEN is mesmerized by it. He lets go of the rail, leaning
dialog: forward to get a better view.
text: At the same time across from STEPHEN on the opposite gangway,
text: HOWARD and two or three marines open fire on the bird. The
text: bird drops low, flying right by STEPHEN.
text: Again a crackle of gunfire, but the bird is apparently
text: uninjured, and it banks away, skimming the surface of the
dialog: water.
text: STEPHEN sags to the deck. A shout. People running. Blood
text: spreading across the white of his shirt. HOWARD there by his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: My God, man! I'm so sorry. The bird
dialog: dropped low. I didn't see you there!
text: JACK is there, shouting -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Calamy! Get Higgins!
dialog: (then turning to BONDEN)
text: Padeen, Davies, carry the Doctor below.
text: STEPHEN gets slowly up, hands reaching to help him, HOWARD in
text: the background distraught, explaining to anyone who'll listen
dialog: what happened.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: It's all right, I am quite capable of
dialog: walking.
text: He tries to stand, crumples.
scene_heading: 225. STEPHEN's CABIN - DAY
text: HIGGINS presses clumsily around the wound as STEPHEN lies on
text: the bed, his abdomen rigid, his breathing laboured. JACK
text: watches from the door.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: You will just make it worse... by
dialog: prodding, Mr. Higgins, it cannot be got
dialog: at... except by opening me up.
text: A violent pitching of the ship makes it obvious how
dialog: impossible this will be under sail.
text: As STEPHEN lapses into unconsciousness, HIGGINS looking
text: alarmed, approaches JACK.
speaker_heading: HIGGINS (a whisper)
text: The bullet took a piece of shirt in with
dialog: it. Unless it is removed it will
text: suppurate and fester.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you equal to the task?
speaker_heading: HIGGINS
dialog: I'll need to read up on the Doctor's
dialog: books, like. Study some pictures he has,
dialog: get my bearings. Be better on land, but
dialog: I'll manage somehow.
text: JACK looks away from the alcoholic HIGGINS back to STEPHEN.
scene_heading: 226. OUTSIDE THE CABIN
text: JACK passes an anxious crowd of the ship's company: BLAKENEY,
text: JOE PLAICE, KILLICK and HOWARD.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You men get about your business.
text: There are dark looks in JACK's direction as he retreats to
dialog: his cabin.
scene_heading: 227. THE GREAT CABIN - DAY
text: JACK throws a chart on the table.
text: With his protractor he marches out great strides west into
text: the Pacific from the Galapagos Islands and marks the ship's
text: position - they are maybe a hundred miles from the Galapagos,
text: ahead, open sea until the Marquesas.
scene_heading: 228. INT. STEPHEN'S CABIN - DUSK
text: Lying on his bed, in some pain, STEPHEN hears thudding feet,
dialog: shouted orders.
text: In his weakened state, the sounds tend to merge. His
text: pitching cabin keeps swimming out of focus.
text: There's a knock on the door and JEMMY DUCKS appears with a
text: mug of soup and some biscuit.
speaker_heading: JEMMY DUCKS
dialog: ...sail on the horizon, sir. Hull down,
dialog: running west. It may be a couple of days
dialog: before we can catch her.
text: STEPHEN nods, all he wants is quiet.
text: JEMMY DUCKS retreats, as STEPHEN swigs from a little bottle
text: of laudanum, which for a moment brings peace, effectively
text: blocking out the noise from above.
text: A smile to PADEEN, like a farewell, and he closes his eyes.
scene_heading: 229. FORECASTLE - DUSK
text: JACK, telescope to his eye, studies the distant ship as
text: PULLINGS jumps down from the ratlines to the deck.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: It might be the Acheron. If we put on
dialog: more sail we'd come up with her before
text: nightfall.
text: JACK lowers the telescope, turns his back on PULLINGS,
text: strangely abstracted.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS (CONT'D)
dialog: (to his back)
dialog: Do you wish me to set the topgallants?
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: Sir?
text: A long silence. Then JACK walks away.
text: PULLINGS stares perplexed from JACK's retreating figure to
text: the distant chase.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO -
scene_heading: 230. INTERIOR STEPHEN'S CABIN - DAWN
text: Early morning light on the interior of the cabin. PADEEN is
text: asleep, holding a Bible, in the doctor's chair.
text: STEPHEN himself lies motionless with his eyes closed and his
text: mouth open, no colour in his face.
text: The sea is relatively calm. From outside the sound of the
text: bosun's orders, over rattling blocks and pulleys.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR (O.S.)
dialog: ...Clap on now! Every rope an end...
dialog: Jolly-boat away... Slowly, Jenks! You
dialog: grass-combing lubber!
text: MOWETT comes in, sees STEPHEN, and takes him for dead.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: (shouts outside)
dialog: Davies! Slade!
text: Two big men come in behind him. PADEEN wakes, confused and
text: pushes them away, moving protectively to the doctor's side.
text: The commotion disturbs STEPHEN. His eyes open. Like a dead
dialog: man just come back to life.
speaker_heading: MOWETT (CONT'D)
dialog: Doctor. You're still with us. Can we move
dialog: you onto a stretcher?
text: STEPHEN swallows uncomfortably and tries to make sense of
dialog: things.
scene_heading: 231. A GALAPAGOS ISLAND - DAY
text: A giant iguana watches as a small procession trudges up the
text: stony beach.
text: At its head, STEPHEN is carried in a litter up to where a
text: tent has been set up above the high-water mark.
text: His P.O.V. as JACK appears in the blue sky above him.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Tell me this wasn't on my account?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (dead pan)
dialog: No. It was because of Higgins.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can't have him poking around in your
dialog: belly without a solid platform to work
dialog: on.
text: He ducks as they enter -
scene_heading: 232. THE HOSPITAL TENT - DAY
text: In the creamy light, they lay STEPHEN down on a recently-
text: constructed wooden operating table.
text: HIGGINS squats on the ground, rummaging through various large
text: sharp surgical instruments which he has emptied onto a piece
dialog: of Hessian.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All set, Higgins?
text: STEPHEN grabs JACK's sleeve.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Not Higgins. I do this with my own hand.
text: Jack frowns, unsure what he means by this.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TENT - NIGHT
text: PADEEN stands, arms crossed at the closed tent-flap, keeping
text: at bay a crowd of well-wishers, and the merely curious.
scene_heading: INT. THE TENT - NIGHT
text: STEPHEN sits pale and sweaty, propped up on a series of
text: chests, his back against a coil of rope. In front of him,
text: suspended by pulleys, LAMB and NAGEL have set up a large
text: gilt-framed mirror.
text: Beside him, on a white tablecloth, some small scissors and
dialog: scalpels.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (To Jack)
dialog: [ ] You are sure you have a head and a
dialog: stomach for this kind of thing?
speaker_heading: JACK (smiles)
dialog: My dear Doctor, I have seen blood and
dialog: wounds since I was a little boy.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Then hold my belly, pressing firmly when
dialog: I give the word.
text: STEPHEN begins first with the knife, then the probe - the
text: grind of metal on living bone.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You will have to raise the rib, Higgins.
dialog: Take a good grip with the square
text: retractor. Up. Harder, harder.
dialog: (to himself)
text: Snip the cartilage.
text: The metallic clash of instruments, perpetual swabbing.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
text: Now, Jack, a steady downward pressure.
dialog: Good. Keep it so. Give me the davier.
dialog: Swab, Higgins. Press, Jack, press.
text: JACK closes his eyes. STEPHEN draws in his breath, arches his
dialog: back, and it's done.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
text: There she is.
text: He pulls out the bullet, and with it, a fragment of his
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that all of it?
text: The bloody piece of shirt is handed to HIGGINS who matches it
text: to the hole in STEPHEN's old shirt.
speaker_heading: HIGGINS
dialog: Aye, she'll patch up nicely, sir.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Easy away, Jack. Handsomely with the
dialog: retractor. Higgins, look to the Captain,
dialog: while I swab.
text: HIGGINS helps JACK into a chair, pressing his head down
text: between his knees. After a moment, and a few deep breaths,
text: JACK looks up. STEPHEN smiles at him. A hint of surly
dialog: triumph.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: FADE UP ON -
scene_heading: 235. STEPHEN'S TENT - DAY
text: Through a gap in the door of his tent STEPHEN can see the
text: distant ship at anchor. Repairs are underway, guns being
text: unloaded, stores and fresh water being ferried aboard.
text: BLAKENEY comes in, followed by PADEEN with a some numbered
text: boxes hung round his neck.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: My goodness, what is this?
text: BLAKENEY starts rolling up the sides of the tent as PADEEN
text: unloads his boxes, each with a beetle and a piece of
text: vegetation in it.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Well sir, Padeen and I have been doing
dialog: some collecting for you. The beetles each
dialog: come with a specimen of plant they were
dialog: found on. Ooops. Catch him, Padeen! There
dialog: he goes.
text: He finishes rolling up the tent sides to reveal a collection
text: of cages, with native wildfowl in them, being fed by the
text: poulterer, JEMMY DUCKS.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY (CONT'D)
text: The birds were snared by Jemmy Ducks.
dialog: Captain says we can keep them in the
dialog: chicken coop.
text: Then, producing a notebook -
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And I made a few notes if you want to see
dialog: them.
text: STEPHEN flips the pages:
text: No 22. Large square black beetle with pincers. Found under
text: rock. Eats earthworms.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: 'Pon my word you have the makings of a
dialog: true naturalist.
text: BLAKENEY is flattered but unsure.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Well sir, perhaps I could combine them,
dialog: and be a kind of Fighting-Naturalist,
dialog: like yourself?
dialog: [ ]
text: Stephen smiles at this description as he levers himself into
text: a sitting position.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Shall we take a tour of your aviary?
text: BLAKENEY looks doubtfully at the doctor's bandaged abdomen.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Should you really be up?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Yes. Padeen!
text: PADEEN puts the escaped beetle in his mouth for safe keeping
text: and offers STEPHEN a hand. STEPHEN pulls himself painfully to
text: his feet and starts buttoning his shirt.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (To Blakeney)
dialog: How long does the Captain intend that we
dialog: stay here, do you know?
scene_heading: ON THE BEACH - DAY
text: JACK is watching those of the crew not on duty play cricket
text: on the shore, with a canvas ball and stumps made of
text: driftwood.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh, a week perhaps. There is no great
dialog: hurry.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: But surely, we must make haste for the
dialog: Marquesas?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It may not have been the Acheron that we
dialog: sighted. Nor can we be sure of her
dialog: destination.
dialog: (looks away)
dialog: No, I think we shall go home now, before
dialog: peace breaks out with France, God forbid.
text: He's making light of what has been a huge and far-reaching
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: But how will it sit with the Admiralty?
dialog: To have spent six months in a fruitless
dialog: pursuit and then come home empty-handed?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: "Empty-handed"? Not a bit of it. What
dialog: about these plants and animals which
dialog: Blakeney has been collecting? The British
dialog: museum will need an entire new wing for
dialog: 'em.
text: STEPHEN regards him gravely, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I fear, Jack, you have burdened me with a
dialog: debt I can never repay.
dialog: He is absolutely sincere about this, to JACK's great
dialog: embarrassment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tosh. Name a shrub after me. Something
text: prickly and hard to eradicate.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: A shrub? I shall name a giant tortoise:
dialog: Testudo Aubreii!
scene_heading: 237. SURPRISE CAMP - DAWN
text: STEPHEN, BLAKENEY and PADEEN leave the camp on STEPHEN's
text: first day of exploration. They are armed with nets, baskets
text: and a day's supply of food and water.
text: STEPHEN walks slightly stooped, leaning on a walking stick.
scene_heading: 238. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: A strange and wonderful landscape lies before them, with its
text: organically-shaped lava flows and alien-looking flora and
dialog: fauna.
text: Everywhere STEPHEN looks there are creatures unique to the
text: islands. He is in his element, collecting specimens which
text: PADEEN carefully stores in the baskets.
text: BLAKENEY has his telescope trained on some distant humps.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Doctor, would you think it very
dialog: unscientific of me to ride on the back of
dialog: one of those tortoises.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No, Mr. Blakeney. I would think it an
dialog: experiment of absolutely vital
dialog: importance. But afterwards, I do desire
text: to find that flightless cormorant,
dialog: assuming that is what it is, and that I
dialog: still have strength enough to catch it.
scene_heading: 239. A VALLEY - DAY
text: BLAKENEY gets astride a giant tortoise and burns his bottom
text: on its scorching hot shell.
scene_heading: 240. LAVA BEDS - DAY
text: STEPHEN with his telescope taking notes on bird-life.
scene_heading: 241. LOW SCRUB - DAY
text: The huge, strangely balletic figure of PADEEN chasing after a
text: butterfly in evening light.
scene_heading: 242. A HEADLAND - DAY
text: Wide to see another aspect of the countryside - a hint of
text: distant sea, a rocky headland rising from the plain.
text: The group is widely scattered. STEPHEN at the base of the
text: headland, BLAKENEY half a mile further inland. PADEEN coming
text: up slowly behind, laden with the fruits of their expedition.
scene_heading: 243. BASE OF THE HEADLAND - DAY
text: STEPHEN rests a moment. Some stones rattle down from the
text: hillside. He looks up to see a flash of black feathers near
text: the crest - the cormorant.
text: On his shirt a red smudge has appeared. His wound has begun
text: to bleed again.
text: Ignoring this, Stephen pushes on after his quarry.
scene_heading: 244. THE ROCKY SLOPE
text: Near the top, STEPHEN pauses to catch his breath and glances
text: above him.
text: Again the bird, moving higher, as if leading him on.
text: STEPHEN gets down on all fours, crawling cautiously to the
text: crest just above him.
scene_heading: 245. TOP OF THE HEADLAND
text: A clearing. There is movement in the bushes.
text: STEPHEN slowly rises, climbs the few paces to the hilltop and
text: enters a clearing.
text: He searches amongst the bushes. Nothing.
text: He turns and looks back down the hillside to see BLAKENEY and
text: PADEEN far below, then sits to get his breath back again.
text: STEPHEN'S P.O.V: on the ground between his feet, a beetle. He
text: picks it up.
text: Close, on his hand. It is the same type of beetle BLAKENEY
dialog: gave him aboard the Surprise.
text: Smiling at the coincidence STEPHEN raises the tiny creature
text: to eye level.
text: His P.O.V.: the beetle, the creature in sharp focus, behind
text: it the sea, and on the sea, a black shape.
text: The focus shifts to the background - a ship at anchor in a
dialog: bay.
text: The beetle flies away as STEPHEN stares out at the ship. It's
text: the Acheron, and they are weighing anchor.
scene_heading: 246. COUNTRYSIDE - DUSK
text: BLAKENEY urging STEPHEN to hurry as they make their way
text: through the darkening landscape. All kinds of creatures are
text: appearing around them, and every few yards STEPHEN pauses to
dialog: examine something.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Sir, you must hurry!
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: A moment! You're a worse tyrant than any
text: ship's captain.
text: He's breathing hard, exhausted.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: You must carry him, Padeen!
text: PADEEN looks at the collection of baskets he carries.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave them! We must get back to the ship.
text: STEPHEN raises his hand in protest, but BLAKENEY is already
text: divesting PADEEN of his load.
scene_heading: 247. COUNTRYSIDE - LAST LIGHT
text: PADEEN carrying STEPHEN 'piggy-back', BLAKENEY out ahead
text: urging them on.
scene_heading: 247a THE DISCARDED COLLECTING BOXES
text: A variety of small bugs and animals crawling free
scene_heading: 248 STEPHEN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: STEPHEN gingerly lowers himself into his 'elbow-chair',
text: gripping the table and BLAKENEY's good arm for support.
text: Sighing, he begins emptying his pockets of various small
text: items collected during the day - some leaves, rocks and
text: insects - and places them in ordered piles around his
dialog: microscope.
text: All about them can be heard the urgent sounds of departure -
text: the anchor rattling up, shouted orders and the drumming of
text: bare feet on the deck above.
text: He holds up a stick in a specimen-jar, and is examining it
text: with his magnifying glass when JACK enters.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I forgot to ask you - did you see your
dialog: bird?
text: STEPHEN's eye grossly enlarged through the lens.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I did not. My greatest discovery was your
text: phantom.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Indeed it was, I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (waving the magnifying glass)
dialog: Not a bit of it. William and I made a
dialog: unique discovery.
text: Handing JACK the jar and magnifying glass.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell him, Mr. Blakeney.
scene_heading: BLAKENEY (beaming)
dialog: It's a rare phasmid, Sir.
text: JACK inspects the stick. It winks at him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A phasmid?
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
text: It's an insect disguised as a stick.
text: JACK stares at the creature.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY (CONT'D)
dialog: In order to confuse a predator.
text: JACK looks up at STEPHEN.
scene_heading: 249. BAY, GALAPAGOS - NIGHT
text: The Surprise alive with crewmen on the deck and in the
text: rigging. Shouts and commands drift across the water as she
text: turns and heads out from the bay.
scene_heading: 249a GANGWAY - SAME TIME
text: JACK strides along the quarterdeck towards the forecastle
text: issuing a stream of orders -
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Mr. Hollar, rouse up all the yellow paint
dialog: we have. I want six men with brushes
text: slung over the side.
dialog: (moving on)
dialog: Doudle!
speaker_heading: DOUDLE
dialog: Yessir.
text: JACK hands him a piece of paper with a sketch on it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Get your sail makers working on this.
text: Sixty yards by five yards with an eyelet
dialog: every seven feet.
speaker_heading: DOUDLE
dialog: Aye, Sir.
text: He shouts to HOGG who, with a few men, is manhandling a large
text: metal cauldron from the ballast to the gun-deck.
speaker_heading: JACK
speaker_heading: (to HOGG)
dialog: Have Nagel patch it up and light a fire
dialog: in it.
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Mr. Calamy!
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Aye, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Once we're underway, replace some of the
text: sails with the oldest, most patched set
dialog: we have.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: They'll be in the afterhold, Sir. I'll
dialog: need some men to move all the clutter.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Good. Spread it around the foredeck. The
dialog: more mess the better.
scene_heading: 249B. SIDE OF THE SHIP,. NIGHT
text: The ship powers ahead as men swing in harnesses above the
text: racing water, painting out the Nelson chequer.
scene_heading: 249C. ON DECK. NIGHT
text: NAGEL positions the great cauldron amidships as men come up
text: from below with old barrels and bits of rope.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Haul away!
text: On the gangway, Men under CALAMY's instructions haul on
text: ropes, pulling up the old patched sails.
text: The sails lead us up to
scene_heading: 250. CROSSTREES - NIGHT
text: JACK, PULLINGS and the whaler HOGG scan the dark horizon.
speaker_heading: HOGG
text: There, Sir. A mainmast toplight.
text: JACK has to use a telescope.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You've got good eyes, Hogg.
text: Shouts down to the helm -
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
text: Mr. Bonden, set a course west-south-west.
speaker_heading: (to PULLINGS)
dialog: We'll drop below the horizon and come up
text: on the other side of him, let him think
dialog: he's seen us first.
scene_heading: 251. SURPRISE - DAWN
text: First light reveals the results of an overnight
text: transformation - from a naval warship to a shambolic-looking
dialog: Portuguese whaler.
text: The gunwales are painted an untidy ochre and the gun-ports
text: hidden behind broad strips of canvas.
text: The sails are patched and ragged, the forecastle cluttered
text: with barrels. Smoke billows from a cauldron amidships.
text: On deck and in the rigging, there's a quarter of the normal
text: complement of men, all of them dressed in purser's slops.
scene_heading: 252. QUARTERDECK - DAWN
text: A bemused STEPHEN looks about him as he approaches JACK.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I see. A wolf in sheep in sheep's
dialog: clothing
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A phasmid, doctor. It was you what gave
dialog: me the idea.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I'm not sure a phasmid can be a predator.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No? Well this one is.
scene_heading: 253. BERTH DECK - DAWN
text: HOWARD and his marines change out of their smart uniforms,
text: into the oldest most ragged clothes on board the ship, much
text: to the amusement of the passing sailors.
speaker_heading: CREW MEN AD LIB
dialog: Very fancy. Blue to match your eyes. Is
dialog: there a skirt comes with it?
scene_heading: 254. GUN-DECK - DAWN
text: Men are checking the breechings of the great guns and
text: chipping cannonballs to make them more perfectly spherical,
dialog: more deadly.
text: The armourer is at his grindstone sending out showers of
text: sparks, a group of seamen round him relaying one another at
text: the crank, stacking newly honed cutlasses and boarding axes
text: at their feet.
text: Another team check and load pistols by the score.
scene_heading: 254. MIDSHIPMEN'S QUARTERS - DAWN
text: Alone, BLAKENEY awkwardly draws his dirk, left-handed from
text: its scabbard. It glints momentarily in the lamp-light.
text: CALAMY enters, face aglow, abruptly trying to cover his joy
text: when he sees BLAKENEY.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY [ ]
dialog: It's all right. Permission to boast.
dialog: You're to lead the boarders from the
dialog: forecastle. Congratulations.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: You'll make lieutenant out of this.
text: The others come in.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: He already has. 'Acting' 3rd Lieutenant
dialog: Peter Calamy.
text: Oohs and aahs from all.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: [ ]
dialog: Then I'll see you at the forecastle,
dialog: 'Lieutenant'.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: That's not your station.
text: BLAKENEY looks from CALAMY to the others, who avoid his eye.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: But naturally I'll board with you?
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: I'm sorry, Will. Captain's orders.
text: BLAKENEY is devastated.
text: Rye bursts in, in a state of high excitement.
speaker_heading: RYE
dialog: She's seen us!
scene_heading: 256. QUARTERDECK - DAWN
text: JACK raises his glass, focuses on the Acheron, plainly
text: visible in the distance, with a line of signal flags running
text: up her backstay.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: She's asking us to heave to. Shall I give
dialog: the order?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: No, make a show of fleeing upwind, but
text: panicky and disorganized, like a whaler
dialog: might do.
text: Allen smiles at this unintended slight
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: No offence, Mr. Hogg.
scene_heading: 257. WIDE ON THE SHIPS - DAY
text: A show of chaos on deck as the Surprise veers upwind, away
text: from the Acheron. As she presents her stern we see her new
dialog: name: Malacca.
scene_heading: 258. QUARTERDECK OF THE SURPRISE - DAY
text: Through his telescope, JACK looks back at the Acheron in
text: pursuit, a dark figure on her foredeck.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to Mowett)
text: Run up Portuguese colours.
dialog: (then down to the gun-deck)
dialog: Load, Mr. Pullings. Triple shot 'em.
text: BLAKENEY comes onto the quarterdeck and salutes, looking
text: flushed and angry.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: May I speak with you, Sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No saluting, Mr. Blakeney, we're whalers
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: Mr. Calamy says I am not in the boarding
dialog: party, I wanted to say -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: I know what you want to say and my answer
dialog: is no. I promised your mother I would
dialog: return you in one piece and I have
dialog: already failed her on that score. You
dialog: will command a gun and then retire to
dialog: defend the quarterdeck here with Dr.
dialog: Maturin.
speaker_heading: BLAKENEY
dialog: But sir -
speaker_heading: JACK (cutting in)
dialog: Go to your station, Mr. Blakeney.
text: BLAKENEY begins to salute, doesn't, and retires, tears
text: burning his eyes.
text: A moment later there's a flash of orange astern as the
text: Acheron opens up with her bow-chasers. An 18 pound shot
text: screams past the side of the Surprise to land with a column
text: of spray just off their bows.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Good shooting. Remind me to press her bow
text: gunner, Mr. Pullings.
text: The second ball takes down some rigging.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Start the water and throw some barrels
text: overboard.
text: He goes below.
scene_heading: 259. WAIST - DAY
text: Barrels go overboard and pumps spout streams of water over
text: the side as JACK runs down to
scene_heading: 260. THE GUN-DECK
text: The great majority of men are gathered here, more than a
text: hundred of them crammed together with their muskets and
text: sabres, listening to the odd thump from topsides as another
text: ball from the Acheron hits home.
text: CALAMY and his gang of young tykes are squashed in there
text: somewhere, BOYLE, WILLIAMS, ADDISON and the rest, eyes
text: shining with nervousness and wild anticipation, as JACK
text: addresses his men, who shout encouragement, ad lib, in every
dialog: pause.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (plus the men ad lib)
dialog: We're a long way from home. (Right you
dialog: are, Captain!) A long way from anywhere,
dialog: (Too true!) But if Britain rules the
dialog: waves she rules these waves too. (Right
dialog: she does!) And the blow we shall deal for
dialog: his Majesty here will be felt just as
dialog: keenly (I'll say it will) aye - and
dialog: cheered just as loudly ('specially by the
dialog: wimmin!) - as any dealt at Trafalgar or
dialog: Cape St. Vincent.
text: The camera moves over the upturned faces, PLAICE, NAGEL,
text: DOUDLE, KILLICK, the midshipmen, the powder-monkeys, the
text: whole fellowship of the ship. And finally STEPHEN watching
text: JACK doing what he does best: transmitting his own
text: fearlessness into other men - the total warrior, the
text: consummate leader.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't say it will be easy. She's twice
dialog: the men we have and they'll sell their
dialog: lives dearly. But every man here is worth
dialog: three of Boney's privateers, and I know
dialog: there's not a faint heart among you.
text: CALAMY pipes up -
speaker_heading: CALAMY
text: Three cheers for the Captain.
speaker_heading: MEN (deafening)
dialog: Huzzah huzzah huzzah!
text: On CALAMY, cheering like a kid at a football match as...
scene_heading: 261. QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: Another well-placed shot from the Acheron smashes through the
text: rigging, sending down a shower of rope and cordage.
text: JACK is back at his station by the wheel, the Acheron little
text: more than a half a mile astern, the figure of the captain in
text: his black coat clearly visible.
text: JACK studies the looming black vessel, then turns and crosses
text: to BONDEN at the helm. BONDEN nods, lifting his hands from
text: the wheel as JACK grips the curved timber decisively, taking
dialog: the strain.
text: He feels the pulse of the ship through his fingers, looks up
text: to the sails then back to the Acheron. STEPHEN appears beside
text: him, casually smoking a cigar. He offers one to Jack, who
dialog: declines
dialog: [ ]
text: Another shot pierces the mizzen foresail above them, but
text: neither man flinches. KILLICK appears with two cups of
text: coffee, and in his belt a brace of pistols.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: I took the liberty, Doctor.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: [ ] Thank you, Killick.
text: JACK steers one-handed as he sips his coffee.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Mowett? [ ] A poem might be in
dialog: order.
text: Another shot through the sails.
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: A poem, Sir?
dialog: [ ]
dialog: (after a moment's reflection)
dialog: 'Oh were it mine with sacred Maro's art,
dialog: To wake to sympathy the feeling heart,
text: A ball goes howling past the ship, MOWETT winces.
speaker_heading: MOWETT (CONT'D)
dialog: Then might I, with unrivalled strains,
dialog: deplore,
text: Th'impervious horrors of a leeward
dialog: shore.'
text: JACK smiles, nods.
speaker_heading: MOWETT (CONT'D)
text: 'Transfixed with terror at th'approaching
dialog: doom...'
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What!
speaker_heading: MOWETT
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: ...they were only people of the merchant
dialog: service, of-course, Sir.
scene_heading: 262. P.O.V. ACHERON
text: She's now less than five hundred yards from their stern, and
dialog: gaining.
scene_heading: 263. QUARTERDECK
text: JACK turns back to MOWETT.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We have her Mr. Mowett. Strike the
text: Portuguese colours and run up the Jack...
text: Mr. Pullings. Canvas off the gun-ports,
dialog: and run 'em out. Mr. Howard? Marines away
text: aloft.
text: The British Jack rises to the masthead replacing the
text: Portuguese colours, as PULLINGS descends to the gun-deck.
scene_heading: 264. SHIP'S SIDE -
text: The black muzzles appear with a low rumbling sound, as
scene_heading: 265. QUARTERDECK
text: JACK, with a wink to MOWETT, yells at the top of his voice
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Helm's a lee!
text: ....and spins the wheel hard to starboard.
scene_heading: 266. THE SURPRISE
text: Wide, to see her swinging broadside on, across the path of
text: the oncoming Acheron.
scene_heading: 267. POV ACHERON DAY
text: Confused shouts from the enemy's deck, chaos on her
text: forecastle, somewhere a drum beating.
scene_heading: 268 + 269. DELETED
scene_heading: 270. THE SURPRISE QUARTERDECK - DAY
text: JACK hands the wheel to BONDEN.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Run us down her larboard side then cut
dialog: across her wake!
dialog: (shouts down to the gun deck)
dialog: Hold fire Mr Pullings! Hold till we're
dialog: broadside on!
scene_heading: 271. - THE SURPRISE AND THE ACHERON
text: Wide, to see the Surprise turning downwind, back towards the
dialog: Acheron, so they will pass broadside to broadside [ ] no
text: more than thirty yards apart.
scene_heading: 272. QUARTERDECK/ GUN-DECK, SURPRISE
text: Through a furious exchange of musket fire JACK runs down the
text: ladder to the gun-deck-
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fire as she bears! Every gun to
dialog: concentrate on her mainmast!
text: Through the gunports the Acheron's great hull becomes
text: visible. Some of the Acheron's guns have run out, but the
text: crews are unprepared and disorganized.
speaker_heading: PULLINGS
dialog: On the uproll! Fire for the mainmast as
dialog: you sight her!
text: As the Surprise rolls and the upper deck of the Acheron
text: becomes visible.
scene_heading: 273. THE SURPRISE GUNS
text: Barking, leaping back one by one, great tongues of flame
text: spitting from their barrels, dense clouds of smoke rising.
scene_heading: 274. VIEW OF THE ACHERON
text: With an almighty splitting sound their mainmast falls,
text: dragging yards and rigging with it, the whole mass falling
text: over their side, obscuring many of their gun-ports.
scene_heading: 275. GUNDECK/QUARTERDECK, SURPRISE -
text: Cheers from the crew. Jack yelling up the companionway
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Now Mr Bonden! Hard a'starboard!
scene_heading: 276. THE SURPRISE AND THE ACHERON
text: The Acheron wallows, bought to a standstill by the enormous
text: dragging weight of their mainmast.
text: BONDEN wheels the ship across the enemy's wake, past the
text: exposed, vulnerable stern.
scene_heading: 277. DELETED
scene_heading: 277A. GUNDECK, SURPRISE
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fire at will!
scene_heading: 278. GUN-DECK, SURPRISE
text: In random sequence the Surprise's gunners pound it into the
text: Acheron's stern. Casement windows vanish in a cloud of wood
text: and glass, exposing the Acheron's terrified gun-crews, now
text: open to devastating fire as the Surprise glides past.
scene_heading: 279. QUARTERDECK
text: JACK climbs up on the gunwales, shouting to BONDEN -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lay me alongside!
scene_heading: 280. THE SURPRISE AND THE ACHERON
text: The bow of the Surprise lurches into the Acheron mid-ships,
text: spars interlocking, the Surprise guns firing into her at
text: point-blank range.
text: The crew throw grappling hooks.
scene_heading: 281.. QUARTERDECK
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Boarders away!
text: And he leaps to the enemy deck, a great tide of men following
text: after him.
scene_heading: 282. FORECASTLE
text: CALAMY leads his own children's crusade from the bows and
text: forecastle: youthful but terrifying, screaming and swinging
dialog: their blades.
scene_heading: 283. QUARTERDECK
text: An agonized BLAKENEY watches from where he stands beside
text: STEPHEN. JOE PLAICE is close by with some of the older men,
text: ready to ferry the wounded below.
scene_heading: 284. ON THE ACHERON
text: As the Surprises pour onto the quarterdeck they face
text: withering fire from the enemy. A dozen men go down, some of
text: them fatally wounded. Among them are DOUDLE, BOYLE, ALLEN and
text: HORNER in quick succession.
text: The attack momentarily falters, and the Acherons surge back
text: at them.
text: JACK rallies his men and they charge again - the marine,
text: TROLLOPE, and NAGEL are blown backwards by grapeshot.
text: LAMB, enraged, surges past NAGEL's body, swinging his axe to
text: devastating effect, with HOLLAR by his side and JEMMY DUCKS
text: protecting their rear, a pistol in each hand, firing from the
dialog: hip.
text: JACK keeps pushing onwards, the centre of the milling,
text: swirling, hacking crowd, stabbing and pistolling each other
text: with barely room to fall.
text: The Acherons are gradually forced back across their
text: quarterdeck and down into the waist of the ship.
scene_heading: 285. WAIST OF THE ACHERON
text: JACK crosses swords with a man in front of him, as an enemy
text: pikeman drives his blade into his left arm, tearing through
text: the sleeve. BONDEN fires a pistol by his ear, deafening JACK
text: and killing the pikeman.
text: To either side, privateers are trying to reach them,
text: shouting, swearing in English, French and Spanish.
text: Bullets and missiles rain down from above, killing friend and
dialog: foe alike.
text: KILLICK is in the thick of it, a pistol in either hand, and
text: from his lips a high-pitched blood-curdling scream.
text: AWKWARD DAVIES is foaming at the mouth as he swings a meat-
text: cleaver right and left.
scene_heading: 286. QUARTERDECK, ACHERON
text: A commander of the privateers notes the poorly defended
text: Surprise, and leads a counter-attack over onto her
text: quarterdeck.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: Look to our quarter-deck!
scene_heading: 287. QUARTERDECK, SURPRISE
text: BLAKENEY, dirk in hand, turns to face them, as does HOWARD
text: and his men, but they are gravely outnumbered.
scene_heading: 288. FORECASTLE, ACHERON
text: CALAMY sees the danger and leads his gang back onto the
text: Surprise, calling for others to follow.
dialog: Calamy
dialog: This way! Follow me!
scene_heading: 289. QUARTERDECK, SURPRISE
text: STEPHEN, PADEEN and JOE PLAICE appear from below. STEPHEN
text: picks up a pistol and with deadly accuracy shoots a privateer
text: lunging at CAPTAIN HOWARD. The man drops, a neat hole in his
text: forehead. A moment's astonishment from HOWARD at the Doctor's
dialog: surprising skill.
text: CALAMY fights his way to BLAKENEY who is down on his knees
text: stabbing at the legs of the attackers.
scene_heading: 290. WAIST, ACHERON
text: JACK, BONDEN and DAVIES are driving a wedge toward the stern,
text: the defenders falling back in disarray.
scene_heading: 291. QUARTERDECK OF THE ACHERON
text: PULLINGS and MOWETT fight side-by-side.
text: A swivel-gun mounted on the taff-rail is swung to face them.
text: The gunner is about to fire when a perfectly-aimed musket
text: ball hits him, again fired by STEPHEN.
scene_heading: 292. QUARTERDECK, SURPRISE/ACHERON
text: CALAMY, BLAKENEY and their group force the counter-attack
text: back onto the deck of the Acheron. The two boys fight as a
text: team as they move toward the stern.
scene_heading: 292. SIDE OF THE ACHERON
text: Some Acherons jump overboard to escape the furious attack.
text: Others are thrown, grasping at woodwork as they fall.
scene_heading: 293. QUARTERDECK OF THE ACHERON
text: JEMMY DUCKS turns the swivel on a group of Acherons, the
text: grapeshot blasting them up against the gunwale.
scene_heading: 294. IN THE WATER
text: Oil burns. Men drown, others struggle to stay afloat,
text: clinging to the mass of wreckage floating by the hull.
scene_heading: 295. WAIST OF THE SHIP
text: Cheering from the Surprises, demands to surrender in many
text: languages, some beg for mercy, others fight on.
scene_heading: 296. BELOW DECKS
text: JACK moves alone, down to the berth deck. He smashes the
text: chain off a locked-door, releasing a dozen or more prisoners.
text: Everywhere signs of the lethal blast through the ship's
text: stern, bodies, guns upended, shattered timbers.
text: He makes his way through to the Great Cabin.
scene_heading: 297. GREAT CABIN, ACHERON
text: Four privateers look up as JACK bursts in.
text: They have been looting their own ship's valuables, two of
text: them are too drunk to be scared.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where is your captain? Ou est votre
dialog: capitaine?
text: One man leaps out through the shattered windows. A couple of
text: others raise their hands and start jabbering in French and
dialog: Spanish.
scene_heading: 298. QUARTERDECK, ACHERON
text: It's all over for the Acherons as a French officer hauls down
dialog: their colours.
text: A cheer from the Surprises - a few last shots fired. CALAMY
text: and BLAKENEY cheering, BLAKENEY holding aloft the captured
dialog: flag.
text: A dying Frenchman suddenly lunges at CALAMY with a sabre.
text: BLAKENEY steps in front of him and takes the blow.
scene_heading: 299. IN THE SICK-BERTH, ACHERON
text: A doctor is working here, a callow-faced man in a bloody
text: apron, red-eyed from fatigue.
text: JACK enters, a fearsome sight, with his singed yellow hair
text: and blood-stained cutlass.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Le Capitaine? Where is he?
text: The doctor points at a body on the operating table.
text: JACK approaches, looks down at the dead man. He's [ ]
text: somewhere about JACK's age, fine-featured, with his black
text: coat draped over his body.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Il mávait prie de vous donner ceci.
text: Passing JACK the captain's sword.
scene_heading: 300. QUARTERDECK, ACHERON
text: JACK picks his way through the dead and wounded to where
text: CALAMY sits nursing BLAKENEY.
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: He's dead, sir.
text: Gently, JACK picks up the lifeless body and walks slowly back
text: down the quarterdeck, the boy draped across his arms.
text: Friend and foe part silently in front of him as he crosses
dialog: the gangway to...
scene_heading: 301. QUARTERDECK, SURPRISE
text: ...then with CALAMY following, he goes below.
scene_heading: 302. THE GREAT CABIN - DAY
text: JACK in wide shot, sitting alone on the bench running under
text: the stern windows. His hunched posture and red tear-stained
text: eyes give a glimpse of his familiar post-battle mood - a mix
dialog: of grief and depression, the old question, "Was it worth the
dialog: price?".
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: FADE UP ON -
scene_heading: 303. ACHERON AND SURPRISE - DAWN
text: The two ships anchored close together on the ocean.
scene_heading: 304. QUARTERDECK, SURPRISE - DAWN
text: As eight bells are rung for the change of watch we see a row
text: of canvas hammocks each containing the body of a fallen
dialog: crewman.
text: DAVIES and PLAICE stitch the bodies into their hammocks,
text: BLAKENEY the last body in the line. As the men approach -
speaker_heading: CALAMY
dialog: I'll do it.
text: JOE passes him the needle and twine, then they leave him
dialog: alone.
text: As CALAMY sews up the hammock, HOLLAR's voice is heard
text: distinctly from below.
speaker_heading: HOLLAR (O.S.)
dialog: Rise and shine, show a leg there. Tumble
dialog: up! Tumble up!
text: In close-up: the peaceful face of BLAKENEY
speaker_heading: HOLLAR (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Sleepers awake!
text: ...as CALAMY's hands stitch the canvas closed.
scene_heading: 305. WIDE ON THE SURPRISE - DAWN
text: The small figures of the crew assembled on the quarterdeck.
text: JACK's voice drifting across the water.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: John Henry ALLEN...
dialog: Joseph NAGEL...
dialog: William Horner...
dialog: Stephen Winston Boyle...
dialog: and Lieutenant William Blakeney
dialog: We therefore commit their bodies to the
text: deep, looking for the resurrection of the
dialog: body, when the sea shall give up her
dialog: dead...
dialog: Amen.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Amen.
text: The bodies in their weighted hammocks slide into the sea.
scene_heading: 306. BOW OF THE SURPRISE - DAY
text: Wide on STEPHEN and BLAKENEY as they sit watching two
text: dolphins surfing the bow-wave, STEPHEN pointing out various
text: features of these magnificent creatures, doing his best to
text: take the boy's mind off the loss of his friend.
scene_heading: 307. THE SURPRISE AND THE ACHERON - DAY
text: The two ships sail abreast - the Acheron, her shattered masts
text: jury-rigged.
scene_heading: 308. QUARTERDECK, SURPRISE - DAY
text: JACK stands with LIEUTENANT MOWETT and the signals
text: midshipman, WILLIAMSON. They look across at the Acheron.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Signal... 'Parole prisoners
dialog: Valparaiso'...
speaker_heading: WILLIAMSON
dialog: You mean Lieutenant Pullings, Sir?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. Captain Pullings.
text: WILLIAMSON hurries to the signals locker, the signal book and
text: JACK's message in his hand.
scene_heading: 309. TELESCOPE POV DAY
text: The line of colored signal-flags run up to the mast-head of
dialog: the Surprise.
scene_heading: 309A QUARTERDECK ACHERON
text: Midshipman Rye is reading the signal for Pullings
speaker_heading: RYE
dialog: ....then 'Rendezvous Portsmouth. God-
dialog: speed, Captain Pullings.'
text: A contented smile on Pullings face as his promotion is
text: confirmed. He waves across to JACK as the Acheron makes a
text: sharp turn away from the Surprise.
scene_heading: 310. DELETED
scene_heading: 311. ABOUT THE SHIP - DUSK
text: Slowly the crew come back to life as old familiar habits and
text: routines reassert themselves.
text: · Acting First Lieutenant MOWETT walks the quarterdeck
text: composing a poem in memory of the battle.
text: · JOE PLAICE tells a story of witchcraft and haunted ships to
text: a small attentive audience.
text: · While AWKWARD DAVIES works further on the tattoo about
text: BECKETT's waist. The chain begun off BRAZIL now winds its way
text: around most of his torso.
text: · BLAKENEY and JEMMY DUCKS are feeding the assorted creatures
dialog: collected at the Galapagos, as...
text: · BONDEN reads his first book, 'Diseases of Seamen' by
text: Stephen Maturin, his brow furrowed, his lips moving silently.
text: · While the powder-monkeys skylark in the rigging
scene_heading: 313. INTERIOR, GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: STEPHEN plays a note on his cello [ ]
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Shall we begin?
text: JACK pauses, gazing into space.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Jack, brother, you're gathering wool.
speaker_heading: JACK (smiles)
dialog: Thinking about their captain. A great
dialog: seaman, whatever you may say of him. The
dialog: doctor said he was killed by our first
dialog: broadside. I'd have liked to talk to him,
text: face to face.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Maybe you did.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: While I was tending the prisoners they
dialog: told me their doctor died of fever, two
dialog: weeks ago. There was no doctor on that
dialog: ship when we boarded it. And I doubt you
dialog: will find one there now.
text: JACK goes very still. A silence broken only by the sound of
text: water flowing gently past the hull.
text: He looks down at the captain's sword on the table, the
text: thought of a possible final deception flooding through him.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Shall we?
text: He starts to play, the deep booming sound of the cello
dialog: carrying through to ....
scene_heading: 312. OUTSIDE THE GREAT CABIN - NIGHT
text: KILLICK, wearing an ostentatious bandage about his head, is
text: preparing toasted cheese with BLACK BILL.
speaker_heading: KILLICK
dialog: That's the last of the cheese and like as
dialog: not they'll leave it seizing to their
text: plates with their tweedly tweedly
text: tweedly.
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Killick? KILLICK THERE!
speaker_heading: KILLICK (projecting)
dialog: Which it will be ready when it's ready!
text: In the cabin, the violin joins with the cello. Rolling,
text: undeniable music, the music of the waves, resonating through
text: the great ship and filling the night. Stephens mind is far
text: away. Jack breaks off abruptly:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're still missing your cormorant...
dialog: flightless eh...well then. It will still
dialog: be there when we come back
text: And he breaks into a merry jig
scene_heading: 313. SURPRISE, EXTERIOR - NIGHT
text: Wide, to see the stern of the ship and a patch of surrounding
text: water lit by the great stern lantern. Through the casement
text: windows the two men can be seen playing.
text: Wider, to the vast dark sky and the heaving ocean all around,
text: with the stern cabin, a tiny orange light, still faintly
text: visible in the darkness.
scene_heading: 314. FURTHER BACK
text: And further still. Until we see the curve of the earth, and
text: the planet spinning on its journey through space.
dialog: ***
dialog: 
