dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
dialog: 1.
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: Mc CARE + MRS. MILLER
scene_heading: OTHE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WAGER"
dialog: The town of Presbyterien Church was
dialog: born in the early 1890's. It was never
dialog: conceived, it just hsppened...John pudgy’
dialog: McCabe came to Presbyterian Church in 1595,
dialog: He died there in 1897 and the town died
dialog: three years later...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH 1970 DAY
speaker_heading: BEGIN TITLES
scene_heading: THE SITE of what was once Presbyterian Church. ANGLE FAVORS
text: ‘the blackened ruins of the edifice from which the primitive
text: zinc mining mountain town took its name; a small, at its
dialog: best crude church, which st some previous point in history
text: was burned to the ground. We see the charred remains. An
text: entire wall is miraculously intact. CAMERA RISES to peek
text: over the top of the well and sees s green mountain vista
text: as far as the eye cen see. CAMERA BEGINS TO PAN AROUND.
text: It 1s raining and there is an eura of bitter cold. CAMERA
text: continues it's PAN. Below the church, other buildings,
text: crumbled and sagging sre suggested, but not identified.
dialog: There is NO SOUND. Presbyterian Church has died and time
dialog: hes all but buried it.
scene_heading: CAMERA RETURNS TO ORIGINAL POSITION
text: The town is alive - or rather struggling to survive.
dialog: The church is as it was at a time when it was under
text: construction. A tiny, rude community sprawls slong a
text: muddy street below the church. It is the town of Presby-
text: terlan Church, 1895, WE SEE the kneeling figure of a
text: man dressed against the foul, bitter cold sleet. The
dialog: weather has survived the seventy-five yeer transition.
text: The man wears 9 carpenter's apron over his hard clothing.
text: He is MISTER ELLIOTT, self~proclaimed minister of
dialog: Presbyterian Church end, in fact, the builder of the
dialog: church from which the town took it: name. It is still
text: Paining when Elliott, shivering in the cold, completes
text: his silent preyer, rises and walks
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 2 (Cont. )
dialog: 3.
dialog: 4.
dialog: 5.
dialog: 6.
text: to a ladder and continues to work on the church. CAMERA
text: MOVES UP HOLDING THE CHURCH STEEPLE AND BELLTOWER IN F.G.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
dialog: For a closer look. Calling Presbyterian Church a community
text: is giving it all the best of it. There are a few ramshackle
text: wooden structures on stilts, but the town consists mostly
text: of tents and has been hurriedly throm up along ea main
text: street which is little more than a muddy bog.
text: There are some mine entrances fronting the main street,
dialog: but they no longer produce ore and have been converted
text: into primitive dwellings of a sort. A crude aign over
text: the entrance to one of these abandoned mines reads:
scene_heading: SHEEHAN'S SALOON AND HOTEL. NO UNESCORTED WHORES ALLOWED.’
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE “SEEEHAN'S"
text: As PAT SHEEHAN himself moves out of the former mine shaft and
text: throws a bucket of God-knows-what out onto the muddy street,
text: nearly drenching a couple of CHINAMEN who are Picking their
text: way from dry spot to dry spot. The Chinamen register their
text: complaints, but Sheehan pays no attention -- as though
dialog: dumping garbage on Chinamen was a way of life. Sheehan is
text: filthy and unshaven -- a dirty black Irishman with a dirty
text: black temper to match, He turns ‘and re-enters his saloon,
dialog: "Sheehan's," in fact, actually sums up the amount of growth
dialog: Presbyterian Church has so far experienced. It began within
text: the mine shaft, the next addition had been a wooden room
text: ‘used as a bar room, Additional Space for living quarters
text: has now been provided by a tent off to one side,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: FAVORING the Chinese as they move along the street toward
text: the edge of town and the mines in the b.g. In the b.g. the
text: church dominates the landscape, its steeple rising perhaps
text: sixty feet in the air, The SOUNDS of Elliott's carpentering
text: can be heard.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN TRAIL : DAY
dialog: This is the trail leading to Presbyterian Church. We are in
dialog: hard-rock mining country. 4 man on horseback, leading = pack
text: horse, moves slowly up the trail and stops to gaze at the
text: church steeple. — .
dialog: 7.
dialog: 9.
dialog: 10.
dialog: 21.
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE THE MAN
text: He is JOHN QUINCY McCABE. His {s not the face of a miner,
dialog: nor any man used to this wilderness, He wears a long, heavy,
text: all-purpose coat against the weather. A blanket protects
text: his head against the sleet. His face has not been browned
text: and leathered by the elements, and he seems oddly out of
dialog: Place in this rough mining country.
speaker_heading: WHAT McCABE SEES
dialog: Presbyterian Church.
text: BACK TO McCABE .
text: as he surveys the town, his expression hiding and, at the
text: same time, reflecting his thoughts about it. If he has any.
text: He sighs in a kind of resignation, his breath showing in the
text: cold as he dismeunts.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE
text: The rump of the pack animal is in the f.g. as McCabe moves
text: in and begins to search for some articles in his pack, The
text: horse chooses this moment to relieve his bowels, perhaps as
dialog: an opinion of the muddy trail, the rank weather and the ;
text: filthy, town. McCabe removes his coat and takes off the
text: blanket from around his head. We see that beneath them he
text: wears a frock’coat, ruffled shirt and a fancy embroidered
text: ‘ vest with a gold watch chain strung from pocket to pocket.
text: An impressive hand gun, a Navy Colt with an enormous barrei,
text: is holstered at his side, He has removed his "case" set of
text: soliaer and cuffs and begins putting them on. It is far too
dialog: sold for this outfit, but 1% is apparent McCabe wants this
text: facade. He takes his derby from his pack, shudders and
text: pats himself against the bitter sold, his breath issuing
text: virtual billows of steam. He mounts, puts on the desby
text: aS a rakish angle, and urges his horse to move out, securing
text: his coilar and his cuffs as he moves up the trail toward
dialog: Presbyterian Church.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: A continuation. McCabe rides past the church as Flliott
text: ateps out, engaged in some task. He tips his hat, but
text: Fllictt ignores + He continues down into town. Except
text: for the inhospitable Elliott, the town seems deserted.
text: Though McCabe is miserable and cold, he shows an almost
text: Jaunty facade ~- the imperturbable gambler, in spades.
dialog: s
dialog: 13.
dialog: 15.
dialog: 16.
dialog: ke
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As McCabe rides onto the muddy main street. As he passes
text: “Sheehan's,” the proprietor steps out onto the porch. Ig-
text: noring him, McCabe rides past the saloon.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: Ain't nothing up there but hard-
dialog: rock miners. This here's the
dialog: only saloon. -
text: McCabe continues on. Sheehan calls after him.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Trail don't lead nowhere but
dialog: right back down here.
text: McCabe rides on.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE
text: as he continues along the all-but-impassable street. A
text: CORNISH WATER WHEEL appears in the f.g., its suspended
text: sluice leading to a small stream nearby. The wheel is still,
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: as McCabe continues around the rough circular trail which,
text: IN THIS ANGLE, we can see does indeed lead back to the main
text: street. Gaping holes in the side of the mountain face out
text: along the trail. These are the entrances to the mines now
text: being worked. As McCabe parades Past, miners cvegin to appear
text: from within the mines and watch him. Some are Chinese, most
text: are Occidental, but it is hard to tell one from the other
text: since they are covered with pale gray zinc dust. INTERCUT.
scene_heading: INT. MINE TUNNEL
text: By the light of several lanterns inside, McCabe sees the
text: brawny back of a miner, the zinc dust caked with sweat on
text: his shirt, as he swings a twelve-pound Sledge. Another
text: miner holds a steel bit against the rough face of the tunnel.
text: The tlow of the sledge goes slightly off, and the bit is
text: flung to one side. :
text: VERY CLOSE SHOT HAND .
text: Blood is on the thick, dusty hand of the miner,
dialog: 8
dialog: aig OMI nee eee musea ana excited by
text: McCabe's promenade, Many carry their mining inplemen:s along
text: with them, but none have guns,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: NS
dialog: 17.
dialog: 18.
dialog: 19.
dialog: 20.
dialog: 21.
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: EXT. CRUDELY LETTERED SIGNS SEVERAL CLOSE SHOTS
text: Nailed outside the entrances of the tunnets. MOVING PAST,
text: FROM McCABE'S P.0.V. Their tone is humorous, even if some-
text: times gloomy. 5.G.: “ALWAYS TOMORROW" -- "FOOL'S GOLD" --
text: "STARVATION HOLE." There is also a sign in Chinese which
text: signifies: "ETERNAL PROSPERITY."
scene_heading: PROM OUTSIDE, McCABE'S P.0.V. INTO THE TUNNEL
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE TWO SHOT CHINESE MINERS
text: One in padded garments and wearing a Pigtail, the other
text: wearing the rough clothes of an American miner of the time.
text: They are laboring rather far back in their tunnel. One man
text: is chopping with a pick, the other shovels gray ore into a
text: wicker basket. Both are soaked with sweat.
scene_heading: BXT. MINING TRAIL McCABE'S P.O.V.
text: Heavy logs are being dragged up the trail toward the
text: tunnels. CAMERA PANS to the mules pulling the load,
text: PANS farther to the man leading them, climbing the rough
text: trail. PANS OFF once more to the steep, almost precipitate
text: slope along one side of the trail. :
scene_heading: INT. MINE TUNNEL
text: McCabe can be seen in the outside bog. A Chinese miner in
text: leather and wire herness, dragging a sledge on wooden
text: runners and loading lumps of ore moving away from CAMERA
text: toward the entrance.
scene_heading: EXT, MINES AND TRAIL
text: We'see another Chinese pulling an identical device as in the
text: Previous SHOT. He stops beside a mile-powered grinding wheel
text: and-_pours the contents of the primitive sledge onto the .
text: grinder. He, too, stops to take a long look at McCabe,
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGIE
text: as McCabe passes the mines and follows the trail back toward
text: town. A number of miners have given up work and have formed
text: @ group near the trail. McCabe is the subject of the AD LIBS
text: we HEAR as, overcome by curiosity, they follow after him as
dialog: one. They are filthy to aman. Mud-caked boots, swaat-
text: Stained hard clothing, we can almost smell the rag-tag
text: bearded and unkempt group. They are amazed and excited by
text: McCabe's promenade, Many carry their mining inplemen<s along
text: with them, but none have guns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 22 (Cont.) .
speaker_heading: MINERS:
dialog: 1. [If he's a drummer, I'll buy
dialog: . whatever he's selling.
dialog: 2. Ain't but one thing he could
dialog: be - and that's a dealer.
dialog: 3. That's a fact.
dialog: 4. Hot damm, a real dealer.
dialog: S. What for?
text: 6. Sheehan must've sent for him.
dialog: 7. That's a fact,
dialog: 8. You going to try him?
dialog: 9. Well, I'm not going down there
dialog: to hump him. ao
scene_heading: 23. ANOTHER ANGLE PROM “SHEEHAN 'S"
text: John Quincy McCabe, the pied piper, rides back around onto
text: the town's muddy street, the crowd of miners growing behind
text: him. Spotting an opportunity for a little afternoon
text: business, Sheehan moves into the saloon. McCabe reins in .
text: and ties his horse to a crooked log hitching post. A slight
text: smile plays on his lips -- he has led the group of miners
dialog: back to "Sheehan's." :
speaker_heading: END TITLES
scene_heading: INT. SHEEHAN'S SALOON’ ; ge TT
text: It is crude and filthy. Bvery piece of furniture was
dialog: originally intended to be something else. Sheehan can be.
dialog: 
text: _ aeen setting bottles and dirty glasses on @ bar made of
text: rough planks stretched across three big barrels. There are
text: a couple of homemade tables and primitive benches. McCabe
text: enters and moves to the largest table and rubs his hands
dialog: over its surface, It's very rough. . ened
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN: -o
dialog: I got a chair back here if you
dialog: want one.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Le
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: 2h. (Cont. )
dialog: 25.
dialog: 26,
dialog: 27.
text: MeCabe answers with a warm and friendly smile in Sheehan's
text: direction and then moves back toward the door just as the
text: group of miners are entering. They make room for McCabe
text: to pass, surprised to see him leaving. They look to
text: Sheehan for an explanation. .
speaker_heading: ANGLE SHEZHAN ,
text: as he moves from behind the bar, calling after McCabe.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: You ain't leaving, are ya? I was
dialog: Just going to set up a bottle on
dialog: the house,
text: Sheehan moves to the doorway. All eyes are looking toward
text: McCabe, o.s. Miners AD LIB, disappointed, accusing.
speaker_heading: MINERS:
dialog: 1. What the hell did you do to
dialog: run him off, Pat?
dialog: 2. Dammit, I want to play the dealer.
dialog: 3. Who don't?
dialog: rT Where's he going?
dialog: He ain't going nowhere! Goddammit,
dialog: he's just fetching Something.
scene_heading: EXT. SALOON McCABE
text: Realizing that he's center atage, he plays it to the hilt.
text: He removes a blanket from his pack horse with great ceremony.
scene_heading: ANGLE GROUP FAVOR SHEEHAN
text: Be can't hide the fact that he, too, is relieved McCabe
text: ien't leaving. He moves back to the bar, a few of the
text: miners follewing. But most remain at the door, reluctant
text: to take their eyes off McCabe.
scene_heading: THT. SALOOK
text: The miners are bunched up at the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 28 (Cont.}
speaker_heading: MINERS:
dialog: 1. Did you get a look at that vest?
dialog: Must've cost thirty dollars.
dialog: 2. That's a fact.
dialog: 3. Give us a bottle, Pat -- I ain't
dialog: Playing no professional sober.
dialog: 4. How long you figure he'll stay?
dialog: 5. Til we're broke. ,
dialog: 6. Jesus, ‘aid you see that gun?
dialog: 7- Looked like a Goddamn hog-leg.
text: 8. Trigger's been filed off.
text: 9. He's coming back.
scene_heading: 29. INT. SALOON ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: 30,
dialog: 31.
text: as the man race toward the table McCabe tested. They
text: push and shove one another for the Privilege of being seated.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to SEE four lucky miners seated in the
text: fog. at the large table as McCabe enters and stops at the
dialog: threshold. :
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON McCABE
dialog: His reaction to the "suckers™ fighting one another for the
text: chance to be fleeced. CAMERA TRUCKS WITH him as he crosses
text: to the large table, regards his "pigeons," and notes there ts
text: no longer a place for him to sit.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: (to Sheehan)
dialog: T'll take that chair now.
text: Smiling. The miners react -- no one speaks to Sheehan in
dialog: this manner, .
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SHEEHAN
text: Prozen. One might think from his expression that McCabe
text: was about to draw on him, He doesn't speak.
dialog: 33.
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: ANGLE McCABE
dialog: Me: 3
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: The chair...
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: Oh.
text: He goes to the back room and returns quickly with a chair.
text: McCabe uses the time to sceremoniously spread the blanket
text: Over the rough surface of the table. The miners relax and
text: help him smooth it out. Sheehan sets the chair down.
text: Trapped by McCabe's matter-of-fact attitude, Sheehan helps
text: him into the chair as though he were McCabe's servant.
text: McCabe beams his thanks, sits quickly, takes out an unopened
text: deck of cards, shows the seal around before earefully
text: breaking it, and expertly spreads the cards on the blankes.
text: The entire group has now gathered around the table in
text: anticipation. McCabe folds his arms in front of him and
text: waits. No one speaks. He graces each of the four seated
text: miners with a smile.
scene_heading: P.0.V. McCABE THE FOUR MINERS CAMERA PANS
text: They are all bad breath and elbows. Dusty, dirty, unshaven,
text: unkempt, decaying teeth, facial hair which even money says
text: houses lice. CALEB LEDBETTER, FOSTER PATCH, BRIAN KELLY and
text: MOULTRY JACOBS, Each man returns McCabe's look with what
text: Passes for a smile in Presbyterian Church.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE mm
text: McCabe locks up at Sheehan who hovers nearby.
speaker_heading: 7 - ae McCABE:
dialog: Where's the bottle of whiskey?
scene_heading: ls. oc. 0.) SHERMAN:
dialog: Who's going to pay?
dialog: Miners laugh, -
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Minute ago yow said the house was,
text: “Sheehan sputters.
text: a LEDBETTER:
dialog: That's what he said.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
speaker_heading: 34 (Cont.)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: PATCH:
dialog: What he does is something else
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: Pat Sheehan wouldn't buy a drink
dialog: if Christ walked in here on a crutch. ,
text: Sheehan ignores the miners and looks at McCabe,
speaker_heading: "SHEEHAN:
dialog: You and me ain't made no deal yet.
dialog: My name's Pat Sheehan. I own this
dialog: saloon,.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: How much a bottle?
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: Bottle's... three dollars.
speaker_heading: JACOBS:
dialog: Wasn't yesterday,
speaker_heading: : RELLY:
dialog: Yesterday it was two dollars.
speaker_heading: McCARE:
dialog: What say we split --? You pay a
dialog: dollar-fifty, I pay a dollar-firty.
dialog: Down the middle,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Do I split your winnings?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: If you split my losses.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: Imm furnishing the place.
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: And I'm furnishing the customers.
speaker_heading: SHEEEAN:
dialog: Well nobcdy's bought nothing yet,
text: McCabe looks around and smiles. The miners are impressed at
dialog: the wey he's handling Sheehan.
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: Tell you what. Give these boys a
dialog: two-dollar bottle on me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 34 (Cont.1)
text: He reaches into his pocket, careful to pull out only two
text: dollars, He hands the money to Sheehan,
dialog: . . McCABE:
dialog: T'll stand my own losses...you make
dialog: - your profit on the whiskey.
text: Sheehan weighs the proposition <3 ultimately moving to the
text: bar to get the whiskey. McCabe picks up the cards and
text: atarts to shuffle, He sets the deck in front of Ledbetter on
dialog: nis right. .
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You boys don't know nothing about
dialog: me and I don't know nothing about
dialog: you, so what do you say we make this
dialog: a nickel game. I can't afford to
dialog: lose much right off to begin with.
dialog: e- By the way, what happened ¢o the
dialog: unescorted "ladies" that aren't allowed
dialog: in here? . :
speaker_heading: KBLLY:
dialog: Every time we get a decent whore,
dialog: ' Sheehan falls) in leve and won't let
dialog: nobody else near to her! :
text: Sheehan returns and sets down a bottle and aome glasses,
text: 4s he pours a round:
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Let's make it a five card stud with
dialog: a@ three bet roof on the card, if you
dialog: don't have no objections,
text: Ledbetter cuts the cards and McCabe scoops them up.
scene_heading: 7 - se ’ LEDBETTER:
dialog: 7+ Sure thing.
text: The others all nod their agreement.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I got some change here. Maybe
dialog: Sheehan's got some more.
text: They all start to make change. They are cautious for the
text: most part, but the excitement level among them is very high.
text: McCabe begins to deal, Every man watches his hands as he
text: Quickly flips the cards around. Each regards his hole card
dialog: as though his life depended on it.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
text: Nickels up.
speaker_heading: . (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 3h (Cont.2) , 4
dialog: 356
dialog: 36.
dialog: The players ante.
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE THE DEAL
text: One up, one down. The highest card showing belongs to Kelly.
dialog: It ia the Jack of spades, McCabe calls, —
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Jack off,
dialog: They've heard it a million times, but it relieves the
text: tension and they all laugh.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE THE SCENE
text: NOTE: The game econtinues through the following dialogue.
text: All hands are played with extreme caution by the miners and
dialog: when one of them wina it is like a major victory. McCabe
dialog: wins very few hands.
speaker_heading: SHEEERAN :
dialog: What's your name, dealer?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: John McCabe.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: (creeping respect)
dialog: You ain't "Pudgy" McCabe,
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: Used to be called that.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: The gunfighter?
text: McCabe looks at his hole card without answering. All the
text: miners look toward him,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You the one that killed Bill Roundtree?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: . The very same,
speaker_heading: - , | + SHEEHAN:
dialog: Man's got a big rep, boys. Got a big
dialog: rep I tell you.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Jack bets,
text: Kelly studies the various hands before making his bet with
text: all the care of a no-limit game.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 36 (Cont. ) : 4
speaker_heading: . KELLY:
dialog: Nickel. ~
dialog: 4ll call,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: You don't look so pudgy to me.
speaker_heading: , MeCaBE:
dialog: Living in this country's enough to
dialog: thin out any man. ~- Pair of fours
dialog: bet.
speaker_heading: LEDEETTER:
dialog: Five cents...
speaker_heading: SHEEEAN:
dialog: You come up from Bearpaw?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Only way to get here's through
dialog: Bearpaw, -- Beats me.
dialog: McCabe fdlde.-
speaker_heading: SHEERAN:
dialog: How long was you there?
speaker_heading: . MeCABE:
dialog: Not long.
speaker_heading: : SHEEHAN:
dialog: How cane you left? Kill a man did
dialog: you? .
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: Ionever killed co man.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: What about Bill Roundtree?
dialog: Ledbetter has won two hands in a row and has had four or five
text: drinks, He kills the bottle, pouring another and expansively
text: Orders another bottle. Sheehan moves to get it.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: This town got @ name?
speaker_heading: JACOBS:
dialog: Presbyterian Church.
speaker_heading: : LEDBETTER:
dialog: Named after that church Mister
text: Elliott's building.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: (Cont. 1)
dialog: % (6 “MeCabe..nodgs., -
speaker_heading: KELLY: ,
dialog: He's doing it all by himself,
dialog: PATCH: .
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch never says a word
dialog: to nobody.
speaker_heading: . JACOBS:
dialog: Damn fool prays all the time.
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: Play cards, I bet a nickel.
text: Sheehan returns with the bottle.
speaker_heading: SEEEHAN:
dialog: : (again probing)
dialog: How come a big gunfighter like you'd
dialog: leave Bearpaw to come up here if you
dialog: @idn't kill nobody?
dialog: . McCABE: .
dialog: Idantt like company towns --,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAR:
dialog: How long you figure to stop here?
speaker_heading: JACOBS:
dialog: Listen, Pat, we're trying to play
dialog: poker,
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: He's going to stay ‘til we quit him.
speaker_heading: PATCH:
dialog: And I ain't about to quit long as
dialog: he's losing like this.
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER
dialog: He's just sucking us in.
speaker_heading: PATCH:
dialog: Well, I'm going for it -= it's the
dialog: only game in tow. You going to
dialog: call,.or what?
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: Ain't no other dealers sere, are
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 36 (Cont. 2)
dialog: 1S.
speaker_heading: . SHEEHAN:
dialog: No. Why? _
speaker_heading: MOCABE: :
dialog: I don't like competition.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Then you figuring on staying?
speaker_heading: McCABE: «
dialog: Well, these boys got me stuck pretty
dialog: good here. I'd hate to move on
dialog: losers. :
speaker_heading: SELLY:
dialog: Well, how about us? -- We got our-
text: selves a church, a saloon and a
dialog: dealer, Hot damn!
speaker_heading: IEDEETIER:
dialog: All's we need now's a whorehouse,
dialog: (to McCabe}:
dialog: You can’flop bere for a dollar a
dialog: day. :
speaker_heading: McCABE: -
dialog: A dollar?7!:
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: That's my price te every man,
dialog: eee McCABE:.
dialog: Many Chinamen up here?
dialog: se. (quickly)
dialog: Chinamen's two dollars.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: How many live up here?
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
text: Just turn over a rock.
speaker_heading: . - MeCARE: :
dialog: Who sells them their ‘mud?! You?
speaker_heading: SEEEEAN:
dialog: ‘Mot me <~ I sell whiskey. We don't
dialog: folerate no opium smokers around
dialog: ere. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 36 (Cont. 3)
dialog: 37.
dialog: . Sheehan
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: MACABE::
dialog: They cause any trouble?
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:.
dialog: The Chinks? They know better.
speaker_heading: McCABE-.
dialog: Then, 2 guarantee they're getting
dialog: opium somewhere... Listen... I'm
dialog: losing my ass in this game. What
dialog: do you say we make it a quarter?
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: PATCH:
dialog: I come out West to gamble.
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: (to Sheehan o.s.)
dialog: Hot damn! Get us another bottle,
dialog: Patrick,
speaker_heading: MoCABEs :
dialog: I'll buy 1t 4f we can cut a dime
dialog: from every pot 'til it's paid for,
speaker_heading: : PATCE:
dialog: Your mama didn't raise no fool, did
dialog: she?
speaker_heading: : LEDBETTER:
dialog: Sheehan, you ain't sold three bottles
dialog: all month --, This dealer's going
dialog: to put you over,
speaker_heading: KELLY: ,
dialog: Bring it on, Patrick -<. McCeba,.
dialog: is it? Born in the old country were
dialog: you?
text: goes for another bottle.
speaker_heading: . SHEEHAN:
dialog: We never settled on where you was
dialog: Bing to stay.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: McCabe~
dialog: marked:
dialog: Inside,
dialog: .
text: gets fo his feet and walks over to a closed door
text: HOTEL." CAMERA PANS with him. He Opens the door,
text: by the dim light coming through the thinly-covered
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 37 (Cont. )
dialog: 38.
dialog: 17.
text: window, we can SEE a number of MEN sleeping on the floor.
text: They MUTTER, BELCH, and SNORE-in their uneasy and unéomfort-
text: able sleep. On a post, under an unlit lantern, there are two
text: articles, each hung on a separate atring: a toothbrush, and
text: a comb. There's an empty space on the floor near a broken
dialog: window, :
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE €cCABE’
text: REFLECTED in a piece of cracked and soiled mirrar nailed to
text: the window frame of the room. He looks down at the sleeping
text: men. McCabe makes a face as he smells the room. He closes
text: tbe door and returns to the game. He tosses off a driak.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Them boys got to go to work soon --
dialog: Itll hold a bunk for you.
speaker_heading: MoCABE:-
dialog: a@~ Guess I'll just have to build my
dialog: own place,
speaker_heading: SHEERAN : :
dialog: You mean a shack? Listen, it don't
dialog: smell half bad when it gets good and
dialog: cold, : . :
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: T mean a place of business. A saloon,
dialog: @ place to deal,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: (leughing)
dialog: You'll go broke before you can get
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: McCABE: :
dialog: I'ma gambler, Sheehan. Just going
dialog: to make a little bet on myself,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: This town aintt big enough to support
dialog: one saloon, let alone two,
speaker_heading: MecCABE:
dialog: Maybe net now, but with a whorehouse
dialog: you'll be surprised how fast it'll
dialog: grow,
speaker_heading: RELLY:
dialog: Hot damn, a whorehouse! Now I know
dialog: you was born in the old country.
speaker_heading: ( CONT INUED)
speaker_heading: 36 (Cont. ) oo
dialog: 39.
dialog: 40 e
dialog: yi.
text: All the miners CHEER the news of the whorehouse and AD LIB
dialog: their support. ot :
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE THE GAME
text: as a miner wins a pot and rakes in the money, McCabe holds
text: ap a finger and then reaches out and places it on a dime,
text: drawing it aside. He smiles as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOW OF BEARPAW ESTABLISHING SHOT NIGHT
text: A brawling, lawless, lively place considerably larger in
dialog: size than Presbyterian Church. CAMERA ROAMS the streets, It
dialog: ia the business center of the region and on nearly every
text: building, including the saloons and gambling hells, are signs
text: proclaiming them to be the property of "ZEARPAW TEREIROTIAL
text: MINING COMPANY." Bearpaw is growing so fast it can't keep
text: up with itself. Tents are still being used where buildings
dialog: have not_yet been constructed. 0.8. SOUNDS of desperate fun
text: can be HEARD coming from the saloons as CAMERA PASSES, Ths
text: Street 1s fairly crowded, dominantly male, AS CAMERA MOVES
dialog: torough this district and turns a cerner, the number of
text: pedestrians and loafers becomes less, and for. the most part,
text: those we do see are Oriental. CAMERA SETTLES on a group of
text: buildings identified by signs written in Chinese -- as well
text: as the ever-present mining company logo.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING : NIGHT
text: A classic, smoke-filled room. It is in fact an opium den.
text: A large room with bunk beds lining all four walls and on al-
text: most every pad nods a man <= mostly Chinese. A pot-bellied
text: stove marks the center of the room, A Chinese ATTENDANT,
text: (a "Chef") expertly sets a dab of opium aglow in a pipe. He
text: moves to a bunk where another man has yet to reach euphoria,
text: The customer takes ths pipe and begins to smoke. The "Chart
text: returns to the stove, CAMERA PANS, In the near bag. a door
dialog: Opens and we SEE McCabe, and an ancient Chinese in trae
text: ditional attire, icnown as OLD MAN, who leads Mc Cabe through
text: anotber door out onto the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NIGHT
text: ‘es the two men cross and enter another ballding, a amall
dialog: warehouse. This, too, {fs marked as the property of the
dialog: Bearpaw Perritsria? Mining Company,
dialog: 43.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE. MeC@BE AND..OLD.MAN ._ NIGHT
text: In the b.g. two om three Chinese workers gamble, playing a
text: traditional game. Old Man leaas McCabe; to a section of the
text: warehouse where several crates are stacked against the wail.
text: Be opens one of them and takes from it a can about the size
text: of a tobacco tin. He hands it to McCabe...
speaker_heading: : OLD MAN:
dialog: Pin Yen. Very best. From Canada.
speaker_heading: MoCABE:
dialog: How mach?
speaker_heading: , OLD MAN:
dialog: Pull pound, twenty-two dollar,
speaker_heading: MoCABE: :
dialog: Too much, :
speaker_heading: OLD MAN:
dialog: Bottom price, McCabe... Canada have
dialog: tax now. Mining company take big
dialog: profit. Twenty-two dollar,
speaker_heading: McCABE: : .
dialog: I'll pay eighteen and take ten
dialog: Pounds -- and thet's three dollars
dialog: more then I ever paid before.
text: Qid Man puts the tin back and closes the crate.
speaker_heading: : OLD MAN:
dialog: Maybe you buy someplace else.
dialog: Which both know is impossible.
speaker_heading: McCABE::
dialog: Twenty-two dollars...?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN:
dialog: How many pounds you sake?
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: Eight. I've been dealing poker
dialog: twelve hours a day for three weeks
dialog: and you're going to bust me out,
text: He reaches into his pocket and counts the money into his hand
text: Old Man calls to one of the workers in Chinese, ordering aim
dialog: £2 gether eight pounds ef opium and loed it onto McCabe's
dialog: P36. . .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ae
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 43 (Cort. ) x
speaker_heading: . OLD MAN:
dialog: You calm down, Mc Cabe, Lay ‘on
dialog: bip for awhile. Smoke. Good for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MeCABE:;
dialog: (taking on Chinese
dialog: accent
dialog: Maybe good for Chinaman, Old Men,
dialog: but no good for white man.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN:
dialog: Opium God's medicine, McCabe: --
dialog: Tale away all trouble -- You like...
text: McCabe smiles at Old Man.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: “Theo maybe next time I pay more...
text: After a thoughtful, if stoic BEAT, Old Man Pushes the money
text: into a fold of his clothing, as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HEARPAW STREET A DOORWAY NIGHT
dialog: It is a@ split dow, at present both sections are closed.
text: After a BEAT, the door opens and @ MAN, wearing the silly
dialog: grin of one who hes just had his horn scraped, (as indeed he
text: has) moves quickly PAST CAMERA and 8. Soon a WOMAN,
text: darkly attractive, APPEARS. She is making the final adjust-
text: ments in her clothing. Pinishing this, she releases the
text: eateh holding the two sections of the door together, picks
text: up a tin basin and moves out onto the street, closing the
dialog: bottom section of the door, ,
text: CAMERA PANS WITH her and we SEE her door faces out onto a
text: kind of muddy courtyard, over which a network of wooden
text: Planks bas been spread for walking. As CAMERA MOVES WITH her,
dialog: we SEE that her cubicle ts one of perhaps a dozen which line
text: either side of the courtyard. Prostitutes of all description
text: and in various Stages of dress and undress, lean over the
text: sills of their half doors, mustering whatever allure they
dialog: can, Half are white, the other half Indians of mixed blood,
text: While not booming, business can be seen peripherally during
text: the ensuing SCENE. CAMERA CONTINUES TO FOLLOW the Woman
dialog: (whom we will come to ‘now later as MRS, CONSTANCE MILLER)
text: us she moves to a water pump at one ena of the courtyard. As
text: she fills the basin, CAMERA ANGLES TO INCLUDE McCabe. with
text: another man, ARCHER, an Agent of the Besrvay: Territsniet
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: (21.
speaker_heading: 4h (Coat. )
dialog: 45.
dialog: 46,
dialog: 47.
text: Mining Company, end Two WOMEN, one an Indian, both prostitute
dialog: and both over the hill. : .
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE AND ARCHER
text: The two girls are in the near Dege
speaker_heading: MoCABE::
dialog: I need one more,
text: He turns, pointing to a nearby crib.
speaker_heading: McCABE:.
speaker_heading: (cont4 nuing)
dialog: What about her?
text: Archer follows his look.
speaker_heading: THEIR P.O.V.
text: A whore with an immense bosom and no teeth. Sensing their
text: attention, she starts to reveal ber breasts.
scene_heading: . ARCHER'S VOICE:
dialog: Never mind, Lily.
text: Lily pouts her disappointment.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE:
speaker_heading: ARCHER:
dialog: You can have her, I guess, but
dialog: you're going to have to get her
dialog: some teeth,
speaker_heading: MoCABE::
dialog: What for --? How much for all
dialog: three?
speaker_heading: ARCHER:
dialog: I'll let them go for eighty
dialog: dollars each.
speaker_heading: ce McCABE:.
dialog: Eighty dollars!! <- I can buy
dialog: @ horse fortirty¢: 2 1/11 give
dialog: you two handred ana I'il be gode
dialog: damn lucky if Pocahontas...
dialog: (be nods toward Indien
dialog: girl) :
dialog: makes it through the winter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: | 22,
dialog: 47 (Cont. ) «
dialog: 4s,
speaker_heading: ARCHER:
dialog: McCébe;, you rode clear down.
dialog: from Presbyterian CHurch to bay
dialog: yourself some whores. Sounds
dialog: to me like you need them pretty -
dialog: bad «= Why not just pay the money
dialog: before I change my mind about -
dialog: selling them.
speaker_heading: McCABE: :
dialog: You make it awful tough to mals
dialog: a decent living.
speaker_heading: ARCEER:
dialog: You could alweys cane to work
dialog: for Bearpaw Territorial Mining.
speaker_heading: McCABE::
dialog: Listen, 14t's bad enough to be
dialog: @ pimp -- You want me to work
dialog: for the Company, too?
speaker_heading: ARCHER:
dialog: Two-forty, take it or leave it.
text: McCabe. is thinking it over, CAMERA MOVES IN ON him as we:
scene_heading: : DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH MOVING SHOT ELLIOTT
dialog: aressed in the style in which we shall always see him for
text: work =-- a carpenter's apron over a black outfit, Buggesting |
text: a minister's garb, He is walking dan the center of the
text: street, CAMERA MOVING WITH him. Elliott 4s headed toward
text: his church, As he walks, he passes the end of a long line
dialog: of men, ignoring them.. Several of them we dave seen before;
text: but there are many new faces as well, As Elliott continues,
text: we SEE the men are lined up waiting to be admitted into a
text: tent. Bottles of whiskey are prevalent and are Passed freely,
dialog: Some have had too much to drink already, Rill: i
dialog: 
dialog: sy meta annem eee
text: NOTE: Along the main etreet there is evidence of dew gene. _.
text: struction. Consistent with the obvious population is se
dialog: -~ we SEE more animals, and more wagons, Added to in
dialog: street since last we saw it ere a groc d : ie.
text: -taker's parlor, a lunch room and a cigar stora, eS
dialog: these are stil) under construction. The best deocatiog, -
text: *pproximately opposite the tent which isthe center gt
text: attrection, is taken by ° "HcCABE'S HOUSE OF. .FO GOOD
scene_heading: EzQUCR aD FAIR GAMES OF CHANCE," JOHN Q; ace. ~
speaker_heading: TIETOR, SMEs
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 4B (Cont. )
dialog: 49.
text: However, only the ascond floor, which serves as McCabe!s-
text: living quarters and office, has been completed and is
text: supported by the skeleton framework of the first floor, which
text: will ultimately house a permanent saloon and gambling hall.
text: The waiting men begin to JEER Elliott es he passes. Wo
dialog: response, .
speaker_heading: MAN:
dialog: It's Sunday, Elliott - Time
dialog: for God-fearing men to get
dialog: their horns scraped!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MAN:
dialog: Better get in line, Preacher
dialog: o- you look a little tight
text: around the eyes,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER:
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I am safe in the arms of Jasus,
dialog: I am Jesus! little lamb,
dialog: I am waiting just for Jesus,
dialog: Yes, by Jesus Christ I am.
text: Elliott moves off toward his church. ‘The men: SING the song
text: again. CAMERA PANS UP TO the second floor of the half-
text: built casino to SEE McCabe peer out a window, attracted by
text: the singing. He's shaving, suspenders hanging. We SEE the
text: top half of his long-johns as he seems to calculate how
dialog: much money the line is worth to him. From bis second floor
text: vantage point, McCabe looks around the town possessively.
scene_heading: P.0.V. MeCAEE.
dialog: What he SEES as the CAMERA PANS:
text: “Sheehan's” can be seen with Pat Sheehan himself standing
text: on the front porch ecraning his neck to see what is happening
text: ep by the tent. Apparently he has no customers, or at
text: least none are visible, Sheehan moves off the porch and
text: heads in the general direction of "McCabe's."
text: CAMERA LOSES SHEEHAN and precedes him, poking around. A
text: converted sheep-wagon is up on stilts now. A sign above
text: the door identifies it as the “ELITE BAKERY." Jast now
text: the ovens of the bakery ere out in the ‘open und a MAN can
text: be SEEN removing hot bread from en oven and moving toward
text: the wegon. As he does 50, & WOMAN emerges from the wagon
text: with white dough in bread pana end places it in the oven,
dialog: .
dialog: 51.
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53.
dialog: Su.
dialog: 55-
dialog: 2k.
text: CAMERA MOVES ON TO SEE the half-constructed permanent :new
dialog: home of the Elite Bakery. :
dialog: The Government Land and Assay Office has become a permanent
text: structure. Next to it, Sandy Mac Arthur's Blecksmith
text: Shop is being built. SANDY, himself, can be SEEN in the
text: yard. He moves around the side of the building and looks
text: down toward the stream which runs behind. His WIFE is doing
text: awash, Sandy takes the opportunity to take a place in line,
text: CAMERA MOVES ON TO SEE that a bridge spanning the river is
text: under construction, its builders probably in line with the
text: others. -The Cornish Water Wheel is spinning now, pumping
text: water from a flooded mine into the stream.
text: CAMERA MOVES ON TO LOCATE the Chinese section close to the
text: stream. Their area is still very crude, yet on one semi-
text: tent, the MASONIC EMBLEM can be distinguished, A Chinaman
text: is hanging a line of clothes to ary, while another is busy
text: shaving the head of a third,
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: McCabe turns back away from the window,
scene_heading: EXT. STREET FAVOR TENT
text: A CHINAMAN is stationed at the flap, a strongbox on the
text: table in front of him. Brian Kelly moves out of the tent
text: INTO SHOT and another man moves to enter it.
speaker_heading: CHINAMAN :
dialog: One way, three dollar --, two
dialog: way, five dollar,
text: ‘The man pays and enters through the tent's flap. Kelly
text: moves out and sees the men in line, Ledbetter, Patch
text: and Jacobs are near the front. Another HUGE MAN, TINY
text: NEWCOMBE, can also be seen. He stands acour fYourta un
text: line. Kelly moves to Ledbetter, takes a bottle of
text: whiskey from him end hes a long drink, Ledbetter, who
text: is next, is anxious.
dialog: Who'd you get?
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: Lily.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
dialog: 55 (Cont. }
dialog: £
text: Se Gestures indicating that she's the one with the big
dialog: bosons.
scene_heading: ‘* LEDBETTER:
dialog: Good? .
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: It's all good, some's better.
text: Tiny Newcombe has had too much to drink.
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: It sure took you long enough.
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: She-e-e-t, I never even took
dialog: my boots off,
scene_heading: . LEDBETTER:
dialog: Jesus christ, I wish they'd
dialog: hurry. I got e hard a cat
dialog: couldn't scratch,
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: I'm going next, and that's a
dialog: fact.
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER:
dialog: Through me.
scene_heading: 56. | CLOSER ANGLE THE TENT
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: Good, If there's something
dialog: I like better than getting my
dialog: ashes bauled, it's kicking
dialog: some ass,
speaker_heading: . KELLY:
dialog: What's wrong with you, Tiny?
text: The man's next.
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: Stay out of it. You already
dialog: been faded,
dialog: He's my friend,
speaker_heading: — ce (conTINtED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 56 (Cont,)-
scene_heading: . TINY:
dialog: Then you better give him a hand
dialog: jig ‘cause I'm going next -- and
dialog: I hope you don't like it,
text: Sensing trouble, the Chinaman in the near 6.g. grabs the
text: atrongbox and moves across the street,
scene_heading: INT. McCABE'S LIVING QUARTERS
text: The upstairs is not in much better shape than the lower floor,
text: It has been furnished with a bed. A few boxes are scattered
text: around to serve as chairs, A crude bench has been set up in
text: front of a mirror. McCabe wets his razor in a tin basin. A
text: pot-bellied stove is stage center, Near it, seated on one of
dialog: the boxes is Pat Sheehan,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Itve got to hand it to you, Pudgey..,.
text: McCabe reacts coldly to this informality.
dialog: :
dialog: :
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: eeoh..,. John.
speaker_heading: Ll McCABE:
dialog: Just call me McCabe -- I'11 know who
dialog: you mean,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: You know I want to be your friend, don't
dialog: ort you, McCabe?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: .: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Well, I can see that before very long
dialog: you're going to be as important to
dialog: Presbyterian Church as... as...
speaker_heading: Biote. McCABE:
dialog: . You are...?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SHEEEAN:
dialog: Well, why not? -- I mean why shouldn't
dialog: we be friends? After all, we've got the
text: only two saloons in town.
speaker_heading: -ooe McCABE:
dialog: That ain't a whole lot to have in common,
dialog: Sheehan.
speaker_heading: . . (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 37 (Cont. )
speaker_heading: ss. ANGLE
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN: 4
dialog: Why I knew the minute I seen you ride
dialog: in that you was a man to be reckoned
dialog: with, Why I've been telling everybody
dialog: how good you are with that Colt of
dialog: yours. I wouldn't want anybody to try
text: and fatten up their rep by throwing
dialog: down on you... ‘
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Come on, Sheehan -- that's a lotta crap.
dialog: And you lmow it! You make me out a gim-
dialog: slinger because I made you back down when
dialog: IT first came here. It makes you look
dialog: good. Now tell me what it is you're
dialog: after and move away from that stove --
dialog: you get pretty ripe when it's warm,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN
text: He moves away, but Sheehan is a worm who can't be insulted --
text: especially by someone obviously superior.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Listen, McCabe, it's no secret that
dialog: this town's a comer -- and I'm not
dialog: saying you never had a lot to do with
dialog: it. But I'm not no dummy. What's going
dialog: to happen when the town gets big enough
dialog: for three saloons? Maybe four?
scene_heading: 59. ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: Tell me, Sheehan.
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: You an" me are going to form a partner-
dialog: ship.
text: He pauses, waiting for a reaction. McCabe continues to shave,
text: the only SOUND being the scrape of his blade on his beard,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: ’ (continuing)
dialog: A partnership that will keep any out-
dialog: sider from coming in here and opening
dialog: wp another saloon without we say it's
dialog: all right and taking a cut. What do you
dialog: say to that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 59 (Gont.)
dialog: 60.
dialog: él.
dialog: 62.
dialog: 63.
text: Oa. we hear the SOUND of someone running up the stairs,
scene_heading: INT, McCABE'S INCOMPLETED SALOON CHINAMAN
text: CAMERA is inside the unfinished casine. The Chinaman, still
text: carrying the strongbox, bolts into the casino and up the
dialog: stairs. .
speaker_heading: CHINAMAN:
dialog: McCabe! McCabe! You come quick.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR McCABE'S QUARTERS
text: as McCabe, still in the process of shaving, opens the door.
speaker_heading: CHINAMAN:
dialog: Trouble! Plenty trouble! Got to
dialog: stop big fella.
text: McCabe turns and rushes back to the window, looking out.
speaker_heading: McCABE'S P.0.V.
text: Just in time to see Tiny take a roundhouse swing at Kelly and
text: Ledbetter, missing them both. The force of his swing propels
text: him into the tent, knocking it down, Kelly and Ledbetter
text: jump on top of Tiny and more of the tent begins to fall.
text: From inside comes the SCREAMS of the whores and the SOUNDS of
text: at least three angry men whose pleasure has been interrupted,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE THE FIGHT
text: It catches on like s forest fire and soon the entire line of
text: men are fighting one another. The six occupants of the tent
text: (three whores and three tricks) are in various steges. They
text: manage to extricate themselves from the collapsed tent and
text: they, too, join in the melee,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE
text: as he crosses the street. He is fully aressed, his Navy
text: Colt strapped to his side at the ready. He walks slowly and
text: deliberately to the area near the tent and stands quietly.
text: At first, his presence is only felt by a few of those nearest
text: him, but scon the fighting begins to slacken orr until it
text: stops totally. When it is quiet and all eyes are on him,
text: McCabe singles out Tiny and directs his words to him, hand
text: poised over the butt of his gun.
speaker_heading: . ‘ (CONTINUED )
dialog: .
speaker_heading: 64 (Cont.)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: McCABE: “
dialog: ~ Tiny -- You want to fight somebody,
dialog: you can fight me. a :
text: All eyes are on the two. Tiny hovers over McCabe, but
text: McCabe wears the difference.
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: Except I ain't got a gun.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Go get one.
text: Tiny is cornered end has to back off.
text: TINY.
dialog: Listen, Mr. McCabe -- I don't want to
dialog: . mess around with you. Hell, I didn't
dialog: mean no harm -= Honest -- I don't want
dialog: to get no gun.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I don't want any Goddamn bullies around
dialog: here --. Now get that tent put back
dialog: up and get back in line and we'll forget
text: O.a. the CHURCH BELL begins to RING. McCabe looks up at it,
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: I don't never want to kill nobody on
dialog: = ~ . Sunday...
scene_heading: : LEDBETTER'S VOICE: (0.s.)
dialog: Oh my God -- My God --~ My God -- damn!
text: Under a tent flap, Ledbetter and Lily are hard at it, as we
dialog: an a DISSOLVE: :
dialog: 
text: WEW ANGLE INCLUDE SHEEHAN .
text: who has followed after McCabe, but who has stayed well away
dialog: from any possibility of being involved or taking sides until
text: now, McCabe steps past him and moves back acroas the street,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: That was terrific, McCabe. You could
dialog: gost tell he was ready to erap hia pants,
dialog: Boy did he back down...
speaker_heading: (CON TINUED )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 65 (Cont.)
dialog: 66.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Bight-to-five says that if Tiny
dialog: had of wanted a gun, he could've
dialog: got it from you.
text: Sheehan stops in the street, McCabe keeps walking away.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: What ebout our partnership?
text: McCabe reaches in his pocket, turns back and throws three
dialog: @ollars toward Sheehan,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Here's three dollars. Go get in line,
speaker_heading: . SHEEHAN:
dialog: Come on, McCabe -- I got to have an
dialog: answer,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: That is an answer,
text: 4nd as Sheehan stands in the mad trying to decipher the mean-
dialog: ing, we 7,
speaker_heading: * DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH A WAGON DaY
text: as it pulls to a stop in front of McCabe's saloon -- still
text: under construction. The wagon is heavily loaded, a tarp pro-
text: tecting its contents. A WOMAN, partially concealed because
text: of the bitter weather, is seated next to the DRIVER. In the
text: rear of the wagon, a wide-eyed, fawn-like young girl sits
text: next to her protective husband, who is obviously her senior
text: by many years, They are IDA and BOB WEBSTER, On the side of
text: the wagon the words, "WEBSTER'S SAWMILL, BEARPAW" have been
text: painted, CAMERA PANS as Bob Webster jumps from the wagon and
text: moves toward the saloon. McCabe can be seen ingide the saloon
text: and moves out to greet him. They meet on the porch,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE McCABE WEBSTER
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: You made good time, Bob. Any trouble
dialog: with the mining company?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 68 (Cont.)
dialog: 69.
dialog: 70,
speaker_heading: BOB:
dialog: Some -- but they wanted to set up their
dialog: own mill, so they let me go.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: When can you start cutting? I'm trying
dialog: to make a living in a Goddarm saloon
dialog: without no walls.
text: Webster makes a alight reaction to McCabe's profanity.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE TWO SHOT
text: The wagon can be seen in the near b.g. ‘The driver is helping
text: the woman who was sitting next to him to the ground. Ida
dialog: Webster cannot be seen in this ANGLE,
speaker_heading: WERSTER:
dialog: I brought the little woman with me.
text: He nods toward the wagon.
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH-McCabe as he approaches the wagon and tips
text: his hat to the woman, .
speaker_heading: oo MeCABE:
dialog: How do you do, Mrs. Webster. I'm
dialog: proud to welcome you to Presbyterian
dialog: -- , Chureh,
text: WE SEE the woman is CONSTANCE MILLER.
scene_heading: - oe . CONSTANCE:
dialog: I'm right proud to be here, but my
dialog: name is Mrs. Miller, Mrs. Webster
text: is in the back.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: He moves toward the back of the wagon.
scene_heading: AFOTHER ANGLE THE WAGON
text: At the rear as Bob Webster helps Ida down. McCabe joins
text: them. Ida Webster always looks frightened, vulnerable and
text: as though she has just had her feelings hurt,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 70 (Cont.)
dialog: 71.
dialog: 72.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: BOB:
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: This here's the little woman.
text: McCabe tips his hat again.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: “Proud to make your acquaintance,
dialog: metam, Welcome to Presbyterian
dialog: Church,
text: Ide almost, but not quite, speaks,
scene_heading: VERY CLOSE McCABE BOB WEBSTER
text: as Webster leans in to speak to McCabe in lowered tones.
speaker_heading: BOB:
dialog: The driver said she needed a lift. I
dialog: didn't realize she was a...
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE THREE SHOT
speaker_heading: : McCABE:
dialog: (to Ida) :
dialog: My apologies, ma'am. Just temporary;
dialog: T fixed it up for you and Bob to stay
dialog: at the MacArthur's 'til you get your
dialog: own place.
text: McCabe points 6.s, to the blacksmith shop.
dialog: (to Ida) .
dialog: I'll take you over there now,
dialog: (to McCabe)
dialog: Soon as we get settled I'll see about
dialog: getting steam. God willing, you'll
dialog: have your sawmill-by the end of the week,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Good --, Anything you need, just let me
dialog: Imow,
text: Bob leads Ida toward the blacksmith's shop. McCabe ‘heads
text: back toward the saloon,
scene_heading: 4EGLE ON CONSTANCE DRIVER
text: As Bob and Ida pass Constance, Bob moves so that his body is
text: between Ida and Constance. Constance doesn't give a damn.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 73 (Cont.)°
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: What do I owe you?
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: You don't owe me nothing, Connie...
dialog: ‘ (lowers his voice)
dialog: I'll be staying on here, though.
text: A suitable leer crosses his face, Constance looks at him and
text: drops two dollars in his hand.
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: Let's keep it all business, Dickey.
text: And she moves away toward the saloon.
scene_heading: The WIDE ANGLE CONSTANCE
text: INCLUDE McCabe on the porch,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: (calling)
dialog: You John McCabe?
text: McCabe tips his hat.
speaker_heading: “McCABE:
dialog: I am, Madame.
speaker_heading: = CONSTANCE:
dialog: I want to talk to you. Alone.
text: McCabe gestures toward the inside of the empty shell.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: At your service, Madame,
text: He follows her into the saloon.
scene_heading: 75. ANOTHER ANGIE
text: McCabe moves to the half-completed bar in the f.g., sets up
text: a bottle and two glasses. Constance moves in opposite him.
scene_heading: - - CONSTANCE:
dialog: Nothing for me.
text: She beginas to remove her gloves. They are a bit worse for
text: wear. McCabe toases off a drink without speaking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: Cort,)
speaker_heading: 75 ( ao CONSTANCE:
dialog: (continuing) . .
dialog: That was my last two dollars I spent
dialog: out there -- It's my own fault, I
dialog: guess. Too damn independent.
text: She places her gloves on the bar top, revealing a wedding
text: band on her finger, before she turns around and surveys
text: what will soon be McCabe's place of business.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Always wanted a place of my own.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: This here's my place.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: -You knew if you want to make out
dialog: youfre such a dude, you ought to
dialog: wear something besides that cheap
text: Jockey Club cologne.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I don't feel nothing but sorry it
dialog: bothers you, Madame,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I don't like that "Madame" business
dialog: much, either,
speaker_heading: : McCABE:
dialog: I thought you might enjoy the
dialog: promotion. :
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: You're somewhat of a frontier wit,
dialog: aren't you?
text: McCabe dismisses her remark with a wave of his hand. She
text: takes a cigarette from her purse and lights it, ignoring
text: his proferred light. She looks at McCabe squarely.
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: (contimuing)
dialog: I'm a whore,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 75 (Cont.2)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: We don't have a newspaper yet,
dialog: so's I can't put that in the
dialog: headlines --, Anyway, whores
dialog: is my long suit right now.
dialog: (he aizes her up)
dialog: * You looking for a job, you got
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I mean to run a real whore-
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Like I said, Presbyterian Church's
dialog: already got a whorehouse.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You call those three Bearpaw crib
dialog: girls whores?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Not much to look at, but if they
dialog: didn't have to sleep, they'd be
text: at it twenty-four hours a day.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: This town needs a "house." You
dialog: put it up, and I'll take care of
dialog: the girls and the running ex-
text: penses.
dialog: McCabe laughs,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Just like that...
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Why not? Itll pay you back for
dialog: the cost of the place, and you'll
dialog: atill get your fifty percent,
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: I've been doing all right so far --
dialog: Besides, I already planned to build
dialog: a “house.” Why do I need you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 75 (Cont.2)
dialog: These ere
dialog: He thinks
dialog: He thinks
dialog: 36. :
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Did you ever try to run a bunch
dialog: of girls? Working girls --?
dialog: Why you'd have this town clapped
dialog: up inside of two weeks, Can you
dialog: handle drunks without any trouble?
dialog: What do you do with ea whore that
dialog: falls in love?
text: questions McCabe hasn't asked himself before.
text: about it, but has grave doubts.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: It would mean a lot of money. Mrs.
dialog: Miller, is 1t? I can see you got
dialog: expensive tastes, Mrs. Miller. I'm
dialog: a gambler, but I don't never take
dialog: chances. .
text: on it. Constance presses her advantage.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: When business is slow my girls can
dialog: deal for you. We'll make more money
dialog: for you than those three crib cows -
dialog: ever could.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: How did you know I bought those girls
dialog: in Bearpaw?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I saw you buy them from Archer, I
dialog: worked there, too, I sold everything
dialog: to buy myself out.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Why'd you leave?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Because it was dirty -- and because
dialog: I don't want to be a Bearpaw Terri‘or.ai
dialog: Mining Company whore.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
dialog: Cont.3
speaker_heading: 75 (Gont.4) . McCABE:
dialog: Neither do I,
text: He pours two glasses,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Have a drink, Mrs, Miller,
text: This time Constance tosses hers off, too, McCabe touches
text: the wedding band on her finger,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: (continuing )
dialog: What about your old man?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I don't have one, I just wear this to
dialog: be respectable,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76, EXT, McCABE'S SALOON ANOTHER DAY
text: Webster's wagon drives up to the front with a load of cut
text: timber, Driver and swamper begin to unload,
speaker_heading: MeCABE'S VOICE:
dialog: (o,s.)
dialog: I'll build your 'house' as soon as
dialog: I get my saloon finished, You'll
dialog: have to work out of the tent for
dialog: a while,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE'S VOICE:
dialog: (ovs,
dialog: I don't mind working out of a tent,
dialog: but you're not going to use any
dialog: - lumber on your place until you build
dialog: us a bath house, ~
speaker_heading: ( . McCABE'S VOICE:
dialog: °o.s,
dialog: A bath house! Are you crazy?
scene_heading: ( ) CONSTANCE'S VOICE:
dialog: - fo.s,
dialog: We don't take on any customers umtil
dialog: you build a bath house,
text: A BEAT before McCabe appears from within the saloon and males
text: angry end reluctant gestures to the driver and his helper
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: on
dialog: 38,
speaker_heading: 76 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: TT.
text: ordering them to reload the lumber which has been delivered,
dialog: As they comply:
speaker_heading: MeCABE'S VOICE:
dialog: (0.3.) :
dialog: How can I pay for a bath house if
dialog: there's no 'chingee-chingee' and
dialog: no gambling? .
text: The wagon is reloaded and moves out, McCabe staring after it,
scene_heading: . CONSTANCE'S VOICE:
dialog: You'll {Sis oe something...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT EXT, HALF COMPLETED BATH HOUSE
scene_heading: (THEY'RE BUILDING) DAY
text: On a SIGN which bears the legend, "BATH HOUSE - FIFTY CENTS -
text: NO CHINAMEN OR ANIMALS ALLOWED,"
text: CAMERA RISES, ‘The INTERIOR of the bath house can be seen
text: in this ANGLE, Four barrels have been buried in the ground
text: near the stream which runs near Presbyterian Church, Planks ©
text: for walking have been nailed to the top of tree stumps,
text: A group of men are at the front of the bath house, Ledbetter,
dialog: Kelly, Jacobs, Patch and Tiny Newcombe, :
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER:
dialog: If this is progress, you can have
dialog: it in you,
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: Who the hell is going to pay to
dialog: take a Goddamn bath?
speaker_heading: a PATCH:
dialog: I wouldn't take one free, so you
dialog: know dam well I ain't going to pay,
speaker_heading: JACOBS:
dialog: McCabe told me you can't get humped
dialog: without you take a bath first,
scene_heading: - eT . - TINY:
dialog: >... Sheeett -- If I washed up, Lily
dialog: : never would let me go,
speaker_heading: : LEDBETTER:
dialog: :I' hear we're getting some new girls
dialog: from Denver -- one of them is a
dialog: Chine
speaker_heading: se princess... (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39,
speaker_heading: 77 (Cont,)
dialog: 78,
speaker_heading: " KESLLY:
dialog: You think that's true what they say
dialog: about Chinese giris?
speaker_heading: PATCH:
dialog: You know what they say about girls
dialog: from Denver...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER:
dialog: Jesus, youre dumb, Same thing they
dialog: say about Chinese girls,
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: T ain't going to hump no Chinese
dialog: girl -- I don't care if she is a
dialog: Goddamn princess,
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: Sure don't make no sense to take
dialog: a bath and then hump a Chink!
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER :
dialog: What's going to happen to the pigs
dialog: we got now?
speaker_heading: KELLY: .
dialog: McCabe's going to give ‘tem to the
dialog: Chinamens,
speaker_heading: PATCH:
dialog: You didn't think they were pigs when
dialog: they first come up,
dialog: I know it, but now I can't even make
dialog: it thinking about somebody else, When
dialog: them new whores comin'?
dialog: Why don't you ask McCabe?
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT, PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH , McCABE NIGHT
text: Two tents have been built and they are in close proximity to
text: each other, A sign above the flap of one tent reads:
scene_heading: “CONSTANCE MILLER'S DENVER DELIGHT," Below it, "PROOF OF
text: BATH REQUIRED," MeCabe moves to the next tent, Its sign
text: reads: "PRIVATE," McCabe is drunk, He scratches on the
text: tent flap, After a BEAT, Mrs, Miller's slee voice anawers,
speaker_heading: PTcontiNuED)
speaker_heading: 78 (Cont. )
dialog: Constance
dialog: -4o,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE'S VOICE:
dialog: Who is it? What do you want? We're
dialog: slesed, . :
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: It's me,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE'S VOICE:
dialog: De you want to coms in? Wait just
dialog: a minute,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: No, Madame, I do not wish to come in,
text: ‘appears at the tent entrance,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Are you drunk? -- Never mind, I can
dialog: see you are, What do you want? Go
dialog: home, :
speaker_heading: McCABE: :
dialog: The boys wish to know when your whores
dialog: are coming, Madame, And so do I, So
dialog: far you've cost me all the money I
dialog: made here and none is coming back,
dialog: The whole town thinks I am rich and
dialog: the truth is I am broke, ‘
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You have to spend money to make money,
speaker_heading: : McCABE:
dialog: You seem to think I am nothing but a
dialog: bank, Madame, Tell me when the whores
dialog: are coming since Ihave peid for their
dialog: Goddamn transportation and for a God-
dialog: damn beth house which I will lay eight-
dialog: toefive ain't never going to be used,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You could stand to use it right now,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: We're not talking about me,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Tne hell we're not, You're just as
text: anxious for the girls as the rest of
dialog: then,
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: Bullshit, Madame -- , You will never
dialog: see me standing in line,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 78 (Cont,.1)
dialog: 79.
dialog: 80,
dialog: 42,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You're all the same, McCabe, God .
dialog: knows it and I know'it, Anyway, the
dialog: girls will be here tomorrow, You
dialog: better get started on my whorehouse,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WIDE ANGLE DAY
text: The weather is bad, Although it's mid-morning, only ea few
text: people can be seen on the street -- and these soon duck into
text: the protection of buildings, the windows of which are clouded
text: with steam, Soon a CARRIAGE comes into view and moves down
dialog: the street TOWARD CAMERA, Although we can't as yet distin-
text: guish them, the occupants of the carriage are the FOUR WHORES
text: for whom the town is weiting, The carriage is loaded with
text: their belongings, and the ladies themselves are heavily
text: clothed against the weather and appear as little more than
text: lumps, Across the muddy street a CHINAMAN makes an exit
text: from a buiiding and moves into SHOT about the same time the
text: carriage comes to a stop near CAMERA,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE THE CARRIAGE
text: And a closer look at the occupants, A DRIVER, EUNICE,
text: BLANCHE, CINDY and MAI LING, Oddly enough, these girls do
text: not look much different from other girls of the same age,
dialog: which ranges from about twenty to thirty, They are not
text: garishly made up, nor costumed, They are tired and irritable
dialog: after a long trip,
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: What the hell are you stopping for?
dialog: I'm freezing my ass off,
speaker_heading: -° DRIVER:
dialog: Where do you want to go?
speaker_heading: EUNICE:
dialog: Inside, Anyplace, Christ whet a
dialog: rotten swamp,
text: The Chinaman crosses near then,
speaker_heading: ’ CINDY:
dialog: Ask the Chink
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
speaker_heading: Bo (Cont,)
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: (to Chinaman)
dialog: Where is the,..? .
dialog: (to Blanche) ~
dialog: What do I ask,
dialog: “
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: Never mind, dammit -- I'll do it
dialog: myself,
text: The Chinaman stands stering blankly,
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: (continuing )
dialog: Where's Mrs, Miller's "house?!
dialog: Ko response,
speaker_heading: EUNICE:
dialog: Por erissake, Blanche, -- Where's
dialog: the whorehouse?
dialog: No answer,
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: He probably can't speak English,
speaker_heading: BLANCHE :
dialog: : (to Eunice }
dialog: Wheat are you going to do now, make
dialog: gestures?
speaker_heading: . EUNICE:
dialog: Up yours, I'm too mich of a lady.
text: Driver turns to Mai Ling.
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Maybe you better ask him,
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: I can't speak Chinese, ~-- Many years
dialog: ago I was stolen from my father's
dialog: palace by an American sailor,,,
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: It's too cold for that crap, Save
dialog: it for the customers, She was born :
dialog: meee ee ce in Portland, — apn oe ERR a
dialog: Wea
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: What customers?
dialog: Ne
speaker_heading: ' : (cowrrNvED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 80 (Cont,1)
dialog: 81,
dialog: 82,
text: ~. attracted by the noise and the bicker
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: ‘- Constance went crazy, I guess,
text: It suddenly occurs to the Chinaman where these ladies, no
dialog: doubt, belong, He points o,s,
speaker_heading: CHINAMAN:
dialog: Missy Miller! Missy Miller!
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Think he knows what he's talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: He knows a hell of a lot more than
dialog: you do, Let's go,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE WITH CARRIAGE
text: as the driver heads toward the tents across from the bath
dialog: house,
speaker_heading: EUNICE: -
dialog: I thought there was supposed to be
dialog: a real 'house,!
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: A-minute ago all you wanted was to
dialog: get inside,
speaker_heading: EUNICE: .
dialog: Didn't Connie's letter say there was
dialog: a 'house?!
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: How would you kmow what a letter
dialog: said,
speaker_heading: BUNICE: ~- .
dialog: Tents, for crissakes, That's. no 0... 2. |
dialog: better than cribs,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE THE SCENE : ee
dialog: ete cmos 00
text: The driver reins in near the front of the tents we 4 a
text: seen before, Constance emerges from inside -her toe
dialog: 
dialog: uh.
speaker_heading: 62 (Cont,)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Come on in, rls, You got wood floors
dialog: and hot watef -- something you never
dialog: had in Denver, so stop complaining,
speaker_heading: . BLANCHE:
dialog: Well Constance Miller! -- What's a
dialog: nice girl like you doing in a place
dialog: like this?
text: The driver jumps down to help Mai Ling, enamored with her,
text: The other girls climb down themselves and move into the
dialog: tent,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: (to driver)
dialog: Put all their stuff in that other tent,
scene_heading: INT, TENT A CONTINUATION
text: The girls have all moved quickly to the stove in the center
text: of the tent. Two cubicles have been partitioned off on
text: either side of the tent, A flap can be lowered for privacy,
text: All four of the cubicles are identical, each containing
text: only a bed, Lily, one of the original Bearpaw girls is
text: present, The girls are chattering, bitching about every-
dialog: thing,
speaker_heading: MAI LING: ‘
dialog: Itm not taking on any Chinamen,
dialog: mi tell you that right now,
speaker_heading: BUNICE:
dialog: Damnit, T thought I'd be working in
dialog: a@ real ‘house,
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: Wasn't that a bath house out there?
dialog: Jesus, I'd love to take a beth,
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: Does that sign mean what it says?
speaker_heading: Mal LING:
dialog: IT mean it -- no Chinamen, Clean or
dialog: not,
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: What about it, Connie? You wrote
dialog: there was a ‘house’ here,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED }
speaker_heading: 83 (Cont,)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Don't you know when you're weli off?
dialog: A "house! will come, A real ‘house,’
dialog: I promise you, In the meantime, just
dialog: that this isn't a company town
dialog: ought to be enough, I'll go right
dialog: down the middle with you girls,
speaker_heading: . EUNICE:
dialog: What about tips?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: They're all yours, but no free rides
dialog: /- and no drinking, I won't stand
dialog: for any drunken whores during business
dialog: hours, And when it's slow, you take
text: turns dealing for McCabe,
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: Who's McCabe? Your old man?
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: You mean, pimp, Connie, I never thought
dialog: you'd hook up with a pimp,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE;
dialog: He's not my old man and he's not
dialog: really a pimp, We're partners,
dialog: Strictly business, And I don't
dialog: want any of that 'Connie' business
text: in front of customers, Mrs, Miller,
dialog: Remember that,
speaker_heading: EUNICE:
dialog: What customers? There was only one
dialog: aried up old Chink when we came in,
speaker_heading: MAI LING
dialog: If there's going to be any Chinamen,
dialog: I quit,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: There were some other girls here,
dialog: We gave them to the Chinamen,
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: Did you ever see a Chinaman who wanted
dialog: to lay another Chink, when there was
dialog: @ white woman around?
speaker_heading: MAL Linc:
dialog: Den't you call me a Chink!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: aa
speaker_heading: 63 (Cont,1)
dialog: Constance
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: How about ‘whorehouse baby,!' do
dialog: you like that better?
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: T!12 scratch your eyes out, you
dialog: clapped up old buffalo,
dialog: steps betweem them,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: That's enough! Any more of this and
dialog: you can sell your ass in Bearpaw!
dialog: -° Now this is Lily, She'll see
dialog: You've got plenty of towels and since
dialog: she's already seen damn near everybody
dialog: in town, she knows who the trouble-
dialog: makers are,
text: Lily rewards them with a grin, The driver enters the tent,
dialog: Constance
dialog: Constance
text: moves to him,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Take your hat off,
dialog: i (he complies)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Well, I ain't been paid and amelling
dialog: them girls all the way up here's
dialog: made me hornier'n hell,
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: What do I owe you?
speaker_heading: : DRIVER:
dialog: Well, I said I'd haul ‘em up here
dialog: for six dollars apiece, but maybe
dialog: we could,,,
dialog: ‘produces the money,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: But,.nothing, This is business,
dialog: Here's your money,
speaker_heading: '. DRIVER:
dialog: But I unloaded all these bags and
dialog: atuff,,. That ought to be worth
dialog: something... .
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Thank you, .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 83 (Cont.2)
dialog: 8s.
dialog: 86,
dialog: 47,
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Listen, I got to give half this
dialog: money to the
dialog: know,
dialog: mining company, you
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You've got enough, Five dollars,
dialog: Take your choice,
dialog: Mai Ling,
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
text: Mai Ling shoots Blanche a triumphant glance,
speaker_heading: CHE:
speaker_heading: BLAN
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Ought to be two-fifty,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The driver pays Constance and moves toward Mai Ling,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You have to take a bath first,
dialog: Shit, I ain
dialog: bath,
dialog: Mai Ling moves very cl
dialog: bis ear,
dialog: (turn:
dialog: I still ain!
scene_heading: EXT, TENT HIGH ANGLE
text: The driver continues h
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: 't going to take no
text: ose to him and whispers something
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: ing away)
dialog: t going to take no beth,
text: ” He moves toward the tent flap,
speaker_heading: DaY
text: is exit, moving directly to the
text: carriage, He climbs in and turns it around, heading it
text: back out the way he came,
scene_heading: CLOSE THE DRIVER
text: As he thinks over Mat
dialog: were,
dialog: Ling's words -- whatever thay
dialog: 87.
dialog: 88,
dialog: 89,
dialog: 90,
dialog: kB.
text: BaCK TO HIGH ANGLE
text: ~ Be negotiates a "U" turn in the street and moves the carriage
text: back to the bath house, As he enters,. we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT, BATH HOUSE sO . NIGHT
text: It 1s utter chaos, Two Chinese attendants do their best to
dialog: keep some kind of order, to no avail, ‘The dressing room,
text: built to accommodate perhaps a half-dozen men waiting for
text: baths, is crowded beyond belief, Half-naked men and stark-
text: naked men are everywhere, Clothing is strewn about -- just
dialog: who it belong to is the question, Boots, pants, shirts,
text: coats and all sorts of filthy foul weather gear are passed
dialog: back and forth, claimed and reclaimed,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: In the tub area, If possible, there is even less order here,
dialog: One man 1s bathing, clothes and all, Some are bathing to-
text: gether in the four tanks, The overflow from the dressing
text: room has pushed halfedressed men, still struggling to rid
text: themselves of their clothes, out onto the Catwalks between
text: the tanks, Losing his balance, one man pitches into a bath
text: already occupied by two others, While voices are often
text: Paised in anger, the main purpose of this hasn't been for-
dialog: gotten, and there is no serious fighting, Throughout the
text: scene, SOUND of the Chinese attendants chattering OVER,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE’ A BATHING TANK
text: Occupied by Kelly and Ledbetter, Ledbetter is shaving,
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: Ledbetter, darling -- if I'd know you
dialog: looked like this I might have taken
dialog: you on myself,
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER :
dialog: You been up here too long,
text: Tiny appears on the catwalk nearby, naked, and lowers him-
text: self into the tank, .
scene_heading: . - KELLY:
dialog: Well, come right on in for crissakes,
dialog: Why didn't you bring your fucking laundry?
dialog: It 4. v ;
dialog: m warning you -- if you piss
dialog: I'll cut off your becker, ,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 49.
dialog: 90 (Cont.}
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: Just when Itm falling in love. Did
dialog: you get a look at the tits on big
dialog: old Blanche? I might even take my
text: boots off.
speaker_heading: KELLY: |
dialog: - Don't think about it. I'm afraid
dialog: it'll all be over before I can drop
dialog: my strides,
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER :
dialog: This is the first time I been warm
dialog: in three months. Ready?
speaker_heading: . KELLY:
dialog: Let's go. .
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: Leave your soap.
speaker_heading: LEDBETTER:
dialog: Jesus you are in love,
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: Why don't you box the clown and deat
dialog: the price?
speaker_heading: TINY:
dialog: Up your butt -= think I want hair on
dialog: Dy palms?
text: As they step out of the tub and are quickly replaced by two
dialog: more anxious bathers, wa
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: as the first few bathers rush from the bath house toward the
text: tent. Most are dressing on the way, and at least one stum-
dialog: bles or is Imocked down and the bath was for nothing. CAMERA
text: PANS as they approach the "Denver Delight" tent. Lily stands
text: at the entrance peering out. As the men approach and begin
text: to form a line, Lily turns inside.
dialog: 92.
dialog: 93.
dialog: so.
dialog: #
scene_heading: INT, TENT - . NIGHT
text: A waiting room has been formed by dropping a flap which
text: separates the girls from the customers. Another small alcove
dialog: has been fashioned in the same manner. Mrs. Miller has @
text: table set up at the entrance to the "Delight" section and is
text: obviously prepared to take the money,
speaker_heading: LILY:
dialog: Here they come.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: It's up to you, Lily -- If there's
dialog: lint in their belly buttons, you
dialog: know they didn't bathe.
text: She moves toward the entrance. Lily stations herself behind
text: the cubicle flap, As Mrs. Miller is about to poke her head
text: out, McCabe appears.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT McCABE CONSTANCE
text: A slight, mowing smile tugs at the corners of her mouth,
speaker_heading: CONSTARCE:
dialog: Have you taken a bath?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I'm not here as a customer, Madame.
dialog: I just came to wish you well.
dialog: Besides, my place is empty,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE: LI
dialog: Maybe you ought to check on the
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: McCASE: oe
dialog: I'm sure you know your business, ve Te
dialog: Madame -- Are you -- aveilable --
dialog: 
dialog: as well? —
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE: .
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: McCABE: a
dialog: Idle curiosity, Madame. +O Shain per eneREER————
dialog: more, oa TR ee
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE: : -
dialog: (flat) :
dialog: o
dialog: ao
dialog: My price is twenty-five dollars..."
text: MeCabe is angered and cen't conceal it. .He turns and exits.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 93 (Cout.) .
dialog: 95.
dialog: 96.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: : McCABE:
dialog: I wish you well, Madame,
scene_heading: EXT. TENT MOVING SHOT McCABE
text: as he walks from the tent without looking back. The line has
text: grown now. At the entrance to the tent, Mrs. Miller appears
text: and begins instructing the line of men in the b.g. CAMERA
text: STAYS WITH McCABE.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: No drunks and no rowdiness. When
dialog: you enter the tent, step behind the
dialog: flap for inspection, Mo one allowed
dialog: without a bath and I'll tolerate no
dialog: abuse of the girls.
speaker_heading: “MINER:
dialog: What about you, Mrs. Miller?
text: Some of the others in line AD LIB agreement with the notion.
speaker_heading: AD LIBS:
dialog: T'll pay double!
dialog: You can tap me out.
dialog: One time, Mrs. Miller -- you can
dialog: have my claim!
text: It's all McCabe can do to keep from turning back to hear her
text: answer, but he strides on.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CONSTANCE VERY CLCSE
text: Looking after McCabe for a BEAT before she answers,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You flatter me boys. But twenty-five
dialog: cash is all that it taxes.
text: She reenters the tent after another look after McCabe.
speaker_heading: CLOSE MeCABE
text: Angry with himself for caring whstner Constance “ilier screws
dialog: svery man in town or not,
dialog: 97.
dialog: S2.
scene_heading: INT. TENT
text: As the customers begin to enter. Moultry Jacobs is first.
speaker_heading: : CONSTANCE:
dialog: (points)
text: Around there, boys.
text: Led by the first man, they form a line which stretches out
dialog: the entrance.
scene_heading: . LILY'S VOICE:
dialog: (words indistinguishable)
scene_heading: MOULTRY'S VOICE:
dialog: What?
scene_heading: . LILY'S VOICE:
dialog: (same as first speech)
text: A rustle of clothing can be HEARD,
speaker_heading: JACOBS:
dialog: w- Christ sakes, Lily -- i'm afraid
dialog: te touch it!
text: Short BEAT, Mouitry steps around adjusting his trousers and
text: moves to the table. . _ 0
speaker_heading: JACOBS:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What is she, a Goddamn doctor?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Pive dollars, Mr. Jacobs -- you'll
dialog: be glad we did that some day.
dialog: Moultry pays.
speaker_heading: JACOBS:
dialog: China girl cost more?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: They're all the same.
speaker_heading: J&CCRS:
dialog: (entering "Delight")
dialog: That's what I sim to find cut...
text: And as the next man comes from behind the flap from kis
dialog: Shoet arm” inspection, wa
speaker_heading: cOT TO:
dialog: 98.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT. McCABE'S SALOON NIGHT
text: The saloon has been completed now, but the only occupants of
text: it are McCabe, a BARTENDER, DANNY, and a CHINESE WAITER,
text: known as HEY YOU. McCabe, a bottle of whiskey at his elbow,
text: is seated at a faro table, a number of books of the ledger
text: type are open in front of him. His movements and gestures,
text: even the way he tosses off an occasional drink, indicate that
text: columns of figures, credits and debits are not his long suit.
text: Danny is behind the bar, hard pressed to find something to
text: do, and Hey You is standing idly near to him.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: Be all right to close up, Mr.
dialog: McCabe?
text: McCabe looks up from his books, surveys the empty saloon.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Yeah, close up for crissakes.
dialog: It's going to take me all night
dialog: to figure where I am at with
dialog: these Goddamn books,
text: Danny slips off his apron and moves toward the door.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Come on over and have a drink.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: If it's all the same to you, Mr.
dialog: McCabe, I thought I'd get myself
dialog: a bath,
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: "Cleanliness is next to Godliness.”
speaker_heading: McCABE:
text: Cleanliness is next to the whorehouse.
dialog: Go ahead. -- You too, Hey You. I'll
dialog: lock up.
text: McCabe moves after them toward the door, Danny ADLIBS his
text: goodnight and moves o.s. Hey You hovers at the door.
dialog: BEY YOU:
dialog: Man say opium almost gone.
speaker_heading: os ” MeCABE:
dialog: What man? :
dialog: You
dialog: All man. Chinese man. Need more
dialog: soon. You get?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 98 (Cont.) , ~
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Yeah, yeah. I get. -
dialog: Hey You exits,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: To INCLUDE Constance Miller standing just outside the bat-
text: wing doors. She carries a small atrongbox. McCabe calls
dialog: after Hey You, obviously for the benefit of Mrs. Miller,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I get if I ever get any Goddamn
dialog: money!
text: Mrs. Miller walks by him into the saloon.
speaker_heading: ‘CONSTANCE:
dialog: Why are you always in such a bad
dialog: temper? .
text: McCabe closes and locks the inside door of the saloon,
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: Por one thing, it is because ever
dialog: since you came here you have cost
dialog: me nothing but money -- This shit
dialog: must cease, Madame. I have not
dialog: sold a full bottle of whiskey today,
dialog: and that's a fact,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Because every man in town was taking
dialog: a bath in your bath house or laying
dialog: up with a girl in your whorehouse,
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: But I have not seen any of that
dialog: money, Madame, and my books show
dialog: that what I need most of all right
dialog: now is money. :
text: She spots the books, moves to the table and sets down the
dialog: strongbox.
dialog: . so CONSTANCE:
dialog: I have the bath house money and the
dialog: whorehouse money for the first night
dialog: right here.
text: She dumps the contents of the box on the table. The take is
dialog: considerable, . .
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: -ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE *
dialog: 55.
dialog: “
text: And McCabe is considerably impressed with the amount.
text: CAMERA PANS with him to table and he begins to count.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: (continuing) —
dialog: We missed a lot of bath money
dialog: because of the rush, but there's
dialog: almost three hundred dollars there.
text: McCabe continues to count out loud, makes a mistake, starts
text: over with an impatient glance at Mrs. Miller, She pours
text: herself « drink, then looks at the open books. At first it
text: is cursory, then she peruses them with growing interest,
text: which soon turns to emusement.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: How could you tell?
text: McCabe stops counting, exasperated,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: How could I tell what?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You said your books showed you need
dialog: money. I'd like to know how you
dialog: figured that, because these books
dialog: are impossible,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I'll thank you to keep out of things
dialog: you don't understand.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: We're partners. I have a right to
dialog: see the books,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: We are not partners in my saloon or
dialog: my gambling or my opium business.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Some business «= opium.
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: If it had not been for opium, Mrs.
dialog: High-and-Mighty-Miller, there would
dialog: be no bath house, no whorehouse,
dialog: and more then likely, no saloon,
dialog: You might remember that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 100 (vont.)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: There's no whorehouse now,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Jesua Christ, Madame -- we only
dialog: atarted today. . :
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: T mow it, but we could make twice
dialog: as much if.we had a proper "house."
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: How come whenever we talk about
dialog: spending money it is always "we."
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: De you think I want to do this for
dialog: -the rest of my life? -- I have
dialog: plans, McCabe, One of these days
dialog: I am_going to pack up and go to
dialog: San Francisco. I'm going to sell
dialog: you my half-interest and I'm going
dialog: to have a boarding house in San
text: Francisco with a brownstone front,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: T can just see you running a
dialog: boarding house. I'd like to get a
text: good look at them boarders.
scene_heading: . CONSTANCE: .
dialog: I kmow what you're thinking -- It
dialog: just proves how dumb you are.
speaker_heading: Mc CABE:
dialog: Iam plenty smart enough for
dialog: Presbyterian Church, and that's a
dialog: fact.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You won't prove how smart you are by
dialog: these books. I better help you with
dialog: em.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: It is not a woman's place to stick
text: her nose in books.
text: -But Mrs. Miller has seated herself in McCabe's chair and
text: is poring down a column of figures. She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: What is seven from eleven?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ST.
speaker_heading: 100 (Cont.1)
text: McCabe thinks too long on the answer.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE: (Cont.)
dialog: Nine from sixteen?
dialog: No reply.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: How much 1s sixteen and nineteen?
dialog: eo While we're at it, how do you
dialog: spell "groceries" -- "supplies" --
dialog: "salary?"
text: McCabe's ledger is prompting these questions.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Madame, I can hold my own in any
dialog: game of chance with any amount
dialog: you can count. I can figure odds
dialog: and pay-offs before you can blink,
dialog: and I can tell you how much the
text: bartenders are stealing by looking
text: at the empty bottles. -- It takes
dialog: me a little longer to write it
dialog: down formal. .
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: From now on, I'll help you with
dialog: the books. -- If only to protect
dialog: my interest.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I warn you, Madame =» don't push
dialog: me too far, oy
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: It'll take me a day or two to
dialog: reconcile these figures, but I
dialog: can tell already-that you have
dialog: more money than you think. --
dialog: More than enough to begin building
dialog: my "house."
text: Mrs. Miller gathers up the books and heads for the door in
dialog: @ very business-like manner,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: The whorehouse will be built
dialog: when I say it will be built end
dialog: not before! :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: oN
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 100 (Cont.2)
dialog: 101.
dialog: 102,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Good night, John. -~
text: She unlocks the door and exits.
speaker_heading: McCABE:°
dialog: (shouting
dialog: after her)
dialog: Four, Goddamn it! -- Seven from
dialog: eleven is four! :
dialog: And, on at least this partial victory for McCabe, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH DAY (MORNING)
text: The whorehouse, easily the best looking building in town,
dialog: but still not much eat that, has been built. A few pieces
text: of furniture are being carried into it by a couple of men.
text: In this ANGLE we can see that Mrs. Miller's "house" has
text: been built opposite the rear entrance of McCabe's saloon.
text: The back doors of the two buildings face each other across
text: a muddy ditch over which e short walking bridge has been
dialog: suspended,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE PANNING SHOT
text: 4s a carriage occupied by the entire "Denver Delight"
text: troupa labors up the street and stops in frent of the
text: "house." Mrs, Miller steps down first and is joined by
text: Blanche, Eunice, Mai Ling, Cindy and Lily.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: There it is, girls. -- I even got
dialog: real beds and real mattresses for
dialog: you. Each of you has a separate
dialog: Poon.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: Dammit, Connie -- I'm close to
dialog: tears,
speaker_heading: - CONSTANCE: °
dialog: That's not all. Come on. ~~ ~---——-~ eee
text: 411 follow Mrs. Miller into the "house." CAMERA LOSES
text: them and HOLDS on THREE YOUNG BOYS averaging atout ten
dialog: years, who have been hiding nearby. . =
dialog: vee
speaker_heading: "(CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 102 (cont. )
dialog: 103.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: FIRST KID: :
dialog: I could've damm near touched that
text: one with the red hair.
speaker_heading: SECOND KID:
dialog: It's a good thing you didn't.
speaker_heading: ‘ FIRST KID:
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SECOND KID:
dialog: I don't know -- it's a good thing,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: THIRD KID:
dialog: You could get something, that's why.
speaker_heading: : ‘FIRST KID:
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THIRD KID:
dialog: "Infamouse," that's what. That's
dialog: what my mother calls Mrs. Miller.
speaker_heading: . SECOND KID:
dialog: What the hell's "infamouse?"
speaker_heading: FIRST KID:
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: THIRD KID:
dialog: Well I do. It's awful, Runs down
dialog: your leg and rots off your heel,
speaker_heading: SECOND KID:
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH THE STREET DAY
dialog: There is more activity today than we have ever seen
text: before. The town has been transformed from a makeshift,
text: filthy, half-canvas, half-wood, three-building mining
dialog: town to something that damn near resembles a real town,
text: Spring rain has left the streets muddy. In the opinion
dialog: of many, there has been enough progress to have a dedi-
dialog: oation day of sorts. Ina larger town, there would be
text: bunting and streamers and an array of flags for such an
dialog: Cecasion, Presbyterian Church does the ‘best it can.
dialog: 105.
dialog: 106.
dialog: 107.
dialog: 108,
dialog: 61.
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: EXT. STREET A LARGE CROWD . DAY
text: They have gathered around a roped-off square to witness a
text: wrestling match between Tiny Newcombe, wearing a sash of
text: Stars and Stripes around his waist, and en equally large
dialog: Canadian in red tights. Everyone we have met, including the
text: Chinese and all the whores, new and old, can be seen. Only
text: Pat Sheehan is not in evidence. McCabe stands nearby
text: Constance Miller, who sits in her carriage with all the girls,
dialog: including Lily.
speaker_heading: SEVERAL ANGLES
text: of the match itself, INTERCUTS of the crowd, as the two
text: giants wrestle each other, break down the ropes, fall into
text: the crowd and wind up using half the town to complete the
text: match, The delighted crowd follows along with them. Tiny
text: is the eventual loser, as the Canadian nearly drowns him
text: in the dirty pond, which the rains have left in front of
text: "Sheehan's. Across it, Sheehan moves out onto the front
text: Porch of his saloon and watches the action, before turning
text: back inside,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LILY
text: Very upset at the outcome of the match. She rushes to the
text: side of the half-drowned Tiny and helps him to his feet,
text: unmindful of the water which drips on her. They walk away,
text: Lily doing most of the supporting.
scene_heading: INT. SHEEHAN'S SALOON
text: Except for one other man, "Sheehan's" is empty. The lone
dialog: customer is totally medium. ‘His height, weight, coloring,
text: clothing, everything about him is commonplace, as though
text: he were stamped out of a mold. Yet there is a peculiar and
text: Probably unwarranted air of self-assurance about him in
text: sharp contrast with his appearance.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Well, McCabe's miner got his ass
dialog: kicked, so the day's not all shot.
dialog: - No love lost between you and McCabe...
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: : SHEEHAN :
dialog: You got that right -- and he don't come
dialog: come around me, neither -- I ain't saying
dialog: he's scared, mind you, but...
speaker_heading: , (CONTINUED )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 108 (Cont.)
text: Sheehan takes a closer look at the man. He reaches out
text: and grabs a bottle and a glass for himself.
dialog: 3
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Listen -- you got some time.
dialog: "(he pours two
dialog: drinks )
dialog: Let me tell you about Pudge McCabe...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 109. EXT. STREET CLOSE ON LARGE ROCK
text: as a sledge swung by an unseen miner smashes it to bits,
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK and we are viewing a rock-smashing contest.
text: Three rows of rocks have been lined up in rows of five. A
text: winer straddles each row, moving back as the rocks are ex-
text: pertly smashed = in most cases with a single blow. Onlookers
dialog: and @ prevalence of whiskey everywhere,
scene_heading: 110, ANOTHER ANGLE
text: and another contest. This time a number of men are trying
text: to drill into the sheer side of hardrock. The drills are
text: turned as they bite deeper and deeper into the rock, powered
text: by the swing of a hammer.
scene_heading: 111. ESTABLISHING SHOT PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH DAY (AFTERNOON)
text: ‘The shadows are longer and the main event, a tug-of-war to be
dialog: staged on the main street and involving damn near every man
text: in town, is about ready. McCabe is somewhere in the f.g.,
text: his Colt drawn to signify the start. He carries a bottle
text: of whiskey in his other hand. He is swaying drunkenly, but
text: obviously having the time of nis life.
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: Drinks on me for the winners, and
dialog: the losers have to spend the night
text: in Sheehan's Hotel.
text: This is greeted with laughter, but when McCabe FIRES for the
dialog: start of the tug, it becomes'a serious matter -- though
dialog: sesiy half the men involved are as drunk as McCabe, or
dialog: er.
scene_heading: 112, “ANOTHER ANGLE MeCABE
dialog: 113,
dialog: “ot
dialog: 63.
dialog: a
text: He holsters his Colt, tosses off the rest of the bottle
text: before throwing it into the street, and climhs the steps
text: leading to the porch of his saloon. The MAN we saw earlier
text: at "Sheehan's" can be seen near the entrance, an amused,
text: supercilious expression on his face. As McCabe sways to
text: the door, he hands him a card. McCabe @lances at it, without
text: seeing, and hands it back.
speaker_heading: MAN:
dialog: My name is Sears, Eugene Sears.
text: McCabe tries to focus, He sticks out his hand in the
dialog: general direction of Sears.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I'm Roebuck -- who the hell is
dialog: watching the store?
text: Sears smiles, lips only.
speaker_heading: . SEARS:
dialog: We'd like to have a little talk
dialog: with you, McCabe. :
text: McCabe looks at him closely, decides he Probably doesn'+
text: like Sears, and moves into the saloon as Sears tries to
text: complete the handshake.
scene_heading: INT. McCABE'S- SALOON NIGHT
text: McCabe moves directly behind the bar, which has neither
dialog: bartender nor customers, to get another bottle. Sears
text: follows, despite the rejection, still confident.
speaker_heading: ~" SEARS:
dialog: We take you for a man that belongs
text: _ On the right side, McCabe, With
dialog: the right people. You know what I
dialog: mean.
text: McCabe takes a long pull from his bottle, then BELCHES his
dialog: answer, . .
speaker_heading: 20 " SEARS:
dialog: . (continuing)
dialog: It's no secret that there are
dialog: some pretty good zinc deposits
dialog: here, and we have been...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: “THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WAGER"
dialog: Based on the novel "MoCABE® + (AS MWULC~
speaker_heading: eS ee
dialog: by Edmund Naughton
dialog: 
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Brian McKay and Robert Altman
speaker_heading: 7/2t/70
scene_heading: PROPERTY OF DAVID POSTER PRODUCTIONS
dialog: David Foster = Mitchell Brower
dialog: Se
speaker_heading: 113 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Wait a minute, Eugene. Do you
dialog: have a turd in your pocket or
dialog: something? Who the hell is "we?"
speaker_heading: SEARS:
dialog: It was on the card -- the Bearpaw
dialog: Territorial Mining Company. As I wes
dialog: seying, we were waiting for the -
dialog: ah - propitious moment, as it were,
dialog: to put in a bid for those deposits,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Waat's stopping you? I don't ow
dialog: any fucking zinc mines.
speaker_heading: SEARS:
dialog: I was empowered to speak to you
dialog: because we were given to understand
dialog: that you were the leading citizen
dialog: around here, A man of common sense,
dialog: if you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: McCASE:
dialog: That's the first thing you said
dialog: that did make sense. :
speaker_heading: SEARS:
dialog: We like to deal with people of
dialog: quality and intelligence. Men
dialog: who've got a feeling for reality.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: That's enough of that shit, Eugene.
dialog: You want to buy me out, right? --
dialog: What's the offer?
text: Sears is annoyed at not being able to continue his pitch,
text: but reaches into his pocket producing ean official-looking
dialog: paper which he refers to,
speaker_heading: SEARS:
dialog: The Company won't go any higher than
dialog: twelve thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: For the whole town?
speaker_heading: SEARS:
dialog: Oh, no, Mr. McCabe. You see, we
dialog: don't have to buy the whole town.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 113 (Cont.1)
dialog: 114.
dialog: 65.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: SEARS: (Cont. )-.
dialog: Once we own the bath house, the
dialog: saloons, and control the gambling
dialog: and prostitution, we can pretty
dialog: much name our own price for the
dialog: rest.
text: McCabe takes a long time to answer.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Up your ass.
text: Sears is not sure he has heard correctly.
speaker_heading: SEARS:
dialog: - I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: “McCABE:
dialog: Up your Bearpaw Territorial Mining
dialog: Company ass.
text: McCabe moves around the bar and lurches out the door,
scene_heading: EXT. McCABE'S SALOON STREET DAY
text: The tug-of-war is a dead heat. There has been plenty of
text: slipping and sliding, but most everyone is in the seme place
text: as they were before. ‘sanding drunkenly on the top step,
text: looking as though he were ready to pass out, McCabe watches
text: for a BEAT, Behind him, Bugene Sears steps out of the saloon
dialog: trying to figure why the approach, so often successful,
text: failed here. He is just in time to HEAR McCabe let out a
text: wild whoop, draw his gun and fire with an expertise not ex-
text: Pected of a man that drunk. His shot Severs the rope between
text: the two tugging teams.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I declare this match a draw. Nobody
dialog: loses in Presbyterian Church, and
dialog: that's a Goddamn fact! The drinks
dialog: are on me, .
text: As McCabe turns back into the saloon, followed by the
text: hooting, happy, drunken, brawling residents of his town,
text: CAMERA PANS with Eugene Sears. He steps out into the street
text: to the site of the tug-of-war, bends down and Picks up the
text: two ends of the rope Parted by McCabe's bullet. 43 Sears
text: stares thoughtfully back into the saloon, we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 115.
dialog: 116.
dialog: 117.
dialog: 118.
dialog: 119.
dialog: 120.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. MAS. MILLER'S WHOREHOUSE NIGHT
text: A wild, bewdy party is in progress. This is the first time
dialog: we have been insides Mrs. Miller's "house," and while it is
text: furnished and has a piano and ea few carpets, it is hardly
text: a grand,. exotic escape from the dreary everyday life of
dialog: Presbyterian Church. By comparison it may seem so to the
dialog: miners, long accustomed to really hard living, but luxurious
dialog: it ain't. All the girls are here, most of the men except
text: the Chinese, Sheehan, and most notably, John McCabe,
text: Constance Miller walks through her crowded “house,” enter-
text: taining, patting, dodging serious passes, keeping order.
text: From time to time one of the girls lugs a trick upstairs,
dialog: but tonicht at any rate, Mrs, Miller is rminning a loose
text: ship. Eventually she heads into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: At the kitehen table Lily sits with Tiny. They are holding
text: hands, smiling, enamored with one another. With a slight
text: smile, Mrs. Miller crosses directly to the window and peers
dialog: out. :
scene_heading: MRS. MILLER'S F.O.V.
text: Across the ditch, the rear of McCabe's saloon can be seen,
text: In contrast with the revelry at Mrs. Miller's, McCabe's
text: saloon seems quiet.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Mrs. Miller turns away from the kitchen window, disappointed
text: somehow, and puzzled.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. BATH HOUSE McCA3E NIGHT
text: Chin deep in the water, hardly moving at all. A bottle
text: of whiskey is nearby and can easily be reached, but
text: McCabe ignores it.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S FROM THE TOP OF THE STAIRS
text: as Constance Miller, refusing invitations for everything,
text: and adroitly eluding the hands of her Guests, leaves the
text: parlor and heads upstairs. She is not having a very good
dialog: 121.
dialog: 123.
dialog: 125.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE .
dialog: The second floor, Nothing much up here but a few pictures
text: and several doors, Mrs. Miller heads for one of the rooms
text: located at the end of the hall, A door opens and a man
text: enters the hall from one of the bedrooms. His eyes light up
text: and he makes a grab for Mrs. Miller, who ducks away and
text: continues, The man starts to follow.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Get away from ms, you son-of-a-
dialog: bitch or I'll make a soprano out
dialog: of you!
text: The man reaches uncontrollably to protect his groin area
text: as Mrs. Miller slips into her bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: A large room by present standards, impersonally furnished,
text: There is a closet door and another which leads to a flight
text: of outside stairs. Mrs, Miller opens the outside door and
text: takes another long look at McCabe's saloon. She turns away,
text: slamming the door, growing angry -- and angry with herself
text: for growing angry. Now she moves to the closet door, takes
text: a@ hat box down rrom the shelf and moves to the bed. She
text: opens the box, removes a feathered hat, which conceals a
text: Peover of opium and the paraphernalia with which to smoke it,
dialog: We should get the feeling that she handles the whole thing
dialog: with considerable expertise.
scene_heading: INT. BATH HOUSE
text: as McCabe rises from the tub and begins to dress, long
dialog: johns first. .
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S BEDROOM NIGHT
text: She has fashioned a pellet of opium and is about to light it,
text: when she HEARS FOOTSTEPS on the stairs outside, Quickly
text: she returns the opium and pipe to the hat box, covers it with
text: the hat, closes the lid and slides it under the bed.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Constance turns down the light and moves to the door to
text: listen as the footsteps reach the top of the outside stairs,
text: Now there is NO SOUND at all -- and when the silence grows
text: so loud that she can't stand it another second, Mrs, Miller
text: throws open the door,
dialog: 126.
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: “EXT. STAIRWAY MeCABE
dialog: 68,
dialog: a
text: leaning with great nonchalance against the rail, his arms
text: folded as the door opens. In this ANGLE, she can be seen
text: just inside the doorway.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: ‘What do you want, you son-of-a-
dialog: bitch?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Goddammit, Constance -- this is
dialog: my town, and I want to celebrate,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Don't try to fool me with that
dialog: Goddamn Bay Rum -- get on down
dialog: there and take a bath..
speaker_heading: : McCABE:
dialog: Madame -- I have been in the water
dialog: so long my ass has wrinkled up.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE :
dialog: Well get in here, then, before you
dialog: catch your death.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Thank you,
text: She widens the door for him to enter, and as he steps through,
text: McCabe picks her up and kisses her hard on the mouth. A moan
text: comes from deep within her somewhere before McCabe kicks the
dialog: deor shut behind him and we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S BEDROOM MOANING
text: Although it's early, already the SOU"D of the blade biting
text: into timber at Webster's Sawmill can be heard. (There are
dialog: only one or two occasions since Webster's arrival that we
dialog: haven't heard the sawmill SOUND. )
text: Mrs. Miller and McCabe are lying side by side under the
text: covers. Her shoulders are bare and we should kmow, but
text: never see, she is naked. He is wearing the long johns we
text: saw him don the night before in the bath house. Mrs. Miller
text: is wide awake and looking, staring at McCabe, whose eves are
text: closed. Since McCabe is at least the hundreth man she has
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 127 (Cont.)
dialog: 128.
dialog: spent the night with, the actual act of love undoubtedly
dialog: aid not take her to previously undreamed of emotional
dialog: heights, -- but she brought him off and he brought her off
text: and somehow that should be implicit. She continues to
text: stare, perhaps toying with the idea of awakening him, then
text: decides to let him sleep. She leaves the bed and just be-
text: fore it discovers her nakedness, the CAMERA MOVES to McCabe
text: who emits an early morning groan and reaches over sSleepily
text: to embrace Mrs. Miller, who is now o.s, Her absence brings
text: him awake, .
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Mrs. Miller has slipped into a robe, She lights a cigarette,
text: McCabe sits up in bed.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Why don't you come back to
dialog: bed?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I've got things to do.
speaker_heading: ot McCABE:
dialog: Someone waiting?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Why don't you grow up for
dialog: orissakes.
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: Why don't you? -- You won't never
dialog: have no better chance to be an
dialog: honest woman. if you had sense
dialog: enough to pour piss out of a boot,
dialog: you'd know that,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I've got news for you, John Alden.
dialog: I don't never want to be a Goddamn
dialog: honest woman, as youso nicely put it.
dialog: I like being a whore, And I must be
dialog: Pretty good at it, too, if you want
dialog: to take me away from all of this after
dialog: one roll in the hay!
text: McCabe gets up and starts to ‘dress with angry motions.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You won't never find no better
dialog: man than me, Madame. :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 128 (Cont.)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE :
dialog: I never belonged to a man before
dialog: and I never will, -- You want to do
dialog: something for me? Buy.me out, you
dialog: cheap son-of-a-bitch and let me go
dialog: to San Prancisco and build my boarding
dialog: house,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: That's what you'd like, isn't it?
speaker_heading: ‘ CONSTANCE:
dialog: You're Goddamn right it is. What
dialog: do you think? That you're some great
dialog: lover or something? You don't even
dialog: take off your long johns. Sleeping
dialog: with you's like taking a bath with
dialog: your socks on.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Well, figure out what you got coming,
dialog: 'sause I had an offer yesterday from
dialog: the Bearpaw Territorial Mining Company.
text: All the foregoing words were shouted in anrer and designed
dialog: to hurt by both of them...but a real offer to sell is
text: something else again. Mrs. Miller thinks on her reply before
text: she answers, her tone changing.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: How’ much?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Twelve thousand dollars, -- I figure
dialog: You got about four coming for your end.
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: Looks like I really will wind up
text: behind a brownstone front in
dialog: San Francisco, after all.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Looks that way...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Except that I never accepted
dialog: their offer,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: How much you asking them?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Nothing -- I'm not going to sell,
dialog: that's all. I got a position here,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 128 (3.nt.2)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: : CONSTANCE:
dialog: What position for crissakes? °
dialog: What's Presbyterian Church to
dialog: you? Sell out and go someplace
dialog: where people are civilized.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I can't do that, Madame.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Because it'll cost me my self-
dialog: respect. My reputation.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Take your precious self-respect
dialog: to a bank sometime and see what
dialog: you get for it.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You don't have the slightest idea
dialog: what it'll mean to me in cash if it
dialog: gets out that I can be bluffed by a
dialog: twoebit offer from the Bearpaw Territorial
dialog: Mining Company.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: What will it mean in cash if
dialog: you're face down in a ditch?
dialog: Can't you for once be smart?
dialog: Take the offer. Goddam it,
dialog: they're going to win and you
dialog: Imow it.
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: Not on your tintype, Madame.
text: Mrs. Miller goes to the door and opens it.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: |Get the hell out of here, you
dialog: dumb bastard. |
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
speaker_heading: 128 (Cont.2)
dialog: 129,
dialog: 130.
dialog: 131.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Who do I pay? Twenty-five
dialog: dollars... I believe was your
dialog: price. .
text: Their eyes meet. McCabe hit below the belt, but so
dialog: had she.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I don't take money from dead men.
text: McCabe turns and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACKSMITH'S SHOP DAY
text: Mr. and Mrs. MacArthur watch McCabe crossing the bridge
text: to his place. Mrs. Miller slams the door as hard as
dialog: she can.
scene_heading: MRS. MacARTHUR:
dialog: Well, I never...!
text: She turns and enters her house. CAMERA HOLDS on Sandy
text: MacArthur's face as he watches his frigid-looking wife
dialog: disappear, .
speaker_heading: SANDY:
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Never is right.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. McCABE'S BEDROOM DAY
text: as he finishes packing a small war bag, straps on his
text: gun, spinning the cylinder as he moves to his bedroom
text: window and looks out.
speaker_heading: McCABE'S P.0.V.
text: The rear of Mrs. Miller's "house," and more particularly, the
text: window of her bedroom, shades drawn against the light,
dialog: .
dialog: 132.
dialog: 133.
dialog: 134.
dialog: 135.
dialog: 136.
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: 736
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: McCabe slings the bag over bis shoulder and exits.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH FROM CHURCH DAY
text: as McCabe rides out of town and, nearing CAMERA, turns to
dialog: take a good look at his town. The sawmill cen still be
text: HEARD. Elliott cames around the site of his church and fis
text: eyes meet McCabe's. Elliott looks at McCabe as though he
text: has smelled something bad and turns to enter nis church.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: God's dead, you prick,
text: He wheels his horse sround.and rides out. CAMERA STAYS ON
text: Prestrterian Church, The SOUND of the sawmill operating be-
text: comes isolated and as it grows LOUDER, and then LCUDER STILL,
text: it STOPS ABRUPTLY. When the silence grows unbearable, we:
speaker_heading: FLASF CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAWMILL VERY CLOSE THE FACE OF IDA WEBSTER
text: Her face indescribably twisted at the sight of something
text: horrible o.s, Her SCREAM seems to replace the SOUND of the
dialog: saw blade.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE WHAT IDA WEBSTER SEES
text: The mangled body of her husband draped over the saw blade,
text: bis life leaking out of him over the rig that has built the
dialog: town of Presbyterian Church.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S BEDROOM
text: lying on her bed, on the nod, ber opium Pipe dangling care-
text: lessly in ber hand, Mrs. Miller has found peace as well...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: EXT. BEARPAW McCABE NIGET
text: as be rides inte town very alert and acutely aware of the
text: possibility of being shot down. He cerries a SHOTCUY at the
text: ready, and takes it with him efter he dismounts and ties his
text: horse to a hitching reil in front of a atring of small
text: offices, After verusing the street carefully, McCabe ters
dialog: en office marked: ALAWYER." vy le eave
dialog: 7h.
scene_heading: INT. LAWYER'S OFFICE NIGHT
text: No secretary, one room, a battered desk and a couple of
text: chairs. The LAWYER is seated behind his desk. He's sixty,
text: and speaks with the raspy voice of a New Englander. But his
text: eyes aren't sixty, because he doesn't wear glasses.
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: You ain't never won a case against
dialog: the mining company.
scene_heading: ° THE LAWYER:
dialog: Nobody's perfect...
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: They say you're either rich, -= or
dialog: not all there. Which is it?
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: I think probably both.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I'm John McCabe...
text: The Lawyer moves around and pulls down the shades to the win-
text: dow and the door before returning to his coair, McCabe sits,
text: the shotgun across his lap.
scene_heading: TEE LAWYER:
dialog: You any good with that?
speaker_heading: : McCABE:
dialog: Not too bad,
scene_heading: THE ‘LAWYER:
dialog: Whoever they hired hasn't come yet,
dialog: but better safe tnan sorry. -- They
dialog: say that, too, don't they? Did you
dialog: ever wonder who 'they' is?
speaker_heading: MCCABF:
dialog: By me they're the Bearpaw Territorial Mining
dialog: Company. -- You seem to know all
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: Small town. Why'd you come?
speaker_heading: McCASE:
dialog: I was thinking ebout thet oa the
dialog: ‘way down here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINGED)
speaker_heading: 138 (Cont. )
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: To think I can single-handedly stop
dialog: the Company is an impraatieal
dialog: assumption.
speaker_heading: McCABE: -
dialog: T kaow that.
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: Wise. -- Before I take the ease, I
dialog: want you to tell me why you want to
dialog: fight. Don't give me any bullshit
dialog: and I won't give you any. -- You
dialog: wouldn't've come here if you didn't
dialog: want to fight them,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I don't know, really. -- I guess
dialog: it's my time.
scene_heading: 139. ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The Lawyer looks as though he's compressing things behind .
text: bis lips, proving, testing to see if McCabe is the right man.
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER: :
dialog: I think we ought to head up to the
dialog: -marshall's office,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Won't do no good. He's Company
dialog: property.
dialog: From the Lawyer's standpoint, tha answers so far are right,
text: but he's not quite sure yet,
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: You're going to stay in Presbyterian
dialog: Church? -
speaker_heading: McCABE :
dialog: I don't have no other place to Boe
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: You know the Beespaw Territorial Mining Company
dialog: esn't afford a man it can't buy out.
dialog: Know that? They got it figured out how
dialog: much Presbyterian Church 13 going to
dialog: cost end it doesn't much matter who
dialog: collects. But i+ can't afford you. Pile
dialog: all these mountains on you, if they heve
dialog: to. Company's iilke an animal ©< second
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 139 (Cont. )
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER: (Cont)
text: it stops wing, it starts dying.
dialog: Get it? fou not being for sale,
dialog: limits the Company's growth. -- You
dialog: going to change your mind?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Not on your tintype.
scene_heading: THE LAWYER: —
dialog: You got yourself a lawyer, Always
dialog: bated big outfits, -- big things.
speaker_heading: McCABE:.
dialog: I don't comprehend you,
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: Doesn't make anv difference,
text: He pushes a paper toward McCabe. .
dialog: “McCabe
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sign this. Make it official you
dialog: retained me, .
text: slowly reads the paper before signing. The Lawyer
text: stares at him.
dialog: McCABE:..
dialog: You ain't charging me no fee,
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: Can't collect from a dead man.
text: McCabe shrugs, signs the paper, hends it back.
scene_heading: ~° ‘THE LAWYER:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: All right. Trick is to enter every-
dialog: thing into some kind of record, We'll
dialog: take out warrants against the Company
dialog: for coercion, We'll file in district
dialog: court and we'll lose, Then we will
dialog: appeal and start all over again. Think
dialog: I'm a fool?
speaker_heading: McCABE:.
dialog: I couldn't make no judgement on that.
dialog: It does sean like a waste of time.
speaker_heading: LAWYER:
dialog: Right. Han's a goddamn fool to believe
dialog: that justice is the business of the law.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 139 (Cont. 1)
dialog: 0.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: LAWYER: (Cont. )
dialog: Lew uses rules to make society orderly
dialog: enough to live in. Sometimes justice
dialog: comes out of that; sometimes it doesn't,
dialog: Know who the real villain is? Not the
dialog: Canpany -- the people who let the Com-
dialog: pany roll over them, Time's come for
dialog: somebody to stand up -- fight them to
dialog: @ standstill. .
speaker_heading: McCABE: |
dialog: What happens to me?
text: The Lawyer waves the question away.
text: The Lawyer stands.
speaker_heading: THE LAWYER:
dialog: Company's going to deny you ever
dialog: existed. That's why the warrents, the
dialog: trials, the courts. History. Can't
dialog: deny history. Never hold water, History
dialog: will work against them. You're going
dialog: to be a legend, McCabe.,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: They're going to kill me.
scene_heading: . THE LAWYER:
dialog: Of course they're going to kill you.
dialog: They have to kill you. Everybody dies.
dialog: But you're going to die with dignity.
dialog: More dignity than you have a right to
dialog: expect.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Damned encouraging,
scene_heading: * THE LAWYER:
dialog: I'd lixe to shake your hand, sir,
text: And as the Lawyer pumps McCabe's arm, we:
text: EXT.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: BEARPAW McCABE NIC aT
text: as he rides out of town. He passes a saloon and can HEAR the
text: piano tinkling and the SOUNDS of drunken men and women. A
text: SHOT rings out. McCabe dives off his bharse into the mad.
text: Clmwing his pistol from his holster in the same motion. +
dialog: ”y
dialog: ijl.
dialog: 143.
dialog: “ 78.
speaker_heading: CLOSER McCABE 4
text: lying in the mud, eyes everywhere at once, gun ready, but
text: ’ there is no target. Fear has moved in on John McCabe. . It's
dialog: -on bis face as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH GRAVEYARD EARLY MORNING
text: The funeral of Bob Webster. Mr. Elliott stends at greveside,
text: his book open in his hands, but does not reed one word aloud,
text: Except for Ida Webster's sobs, there is no SOUND at all. The
text: only people in attendance are a couple of mill hands who
text: stand around uneasily. Elliott closes the book, perhaps con-
text: eluding whatever rites he read to himself and walks directly
text: away without a word to Ida. She turns and watches after him
dialog: for a long time. :
speaker_heading: IDA:
dialog: {ealling efter him)
dialog: What am I coing to do?
text: And she weeps, alone, Elliott stops, turns back and looks at
text: her. It is as if she has spoken to him in some foreign
text: Janguage that he cannot comprehend. After a moment he turns
text: and goes on his way, CAMERA HOLDING ON Ida, and we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S BEDROOM Day
text: Mrs. Miller is standing at her window staring out. She is
text: fully dressed and has smoked no opium. She has smoked an
text: endless string of cigarettes. The butts have been sruffed
text: out in a large ash tray -< testimony to how long she has
dialog: stood here waiting. -
scene_heading: P.0.V. MRS. MILLER WHAT SHE SEES
text: Across the ditch, the rear entrance of "MiCase':." MeCabe
text: ‘Fides in, returning from Bsarvaw. He dismounts, cies up and
text: removes the war bag an¢ shotgun fran his horse. He does not
text: look up toward Mrs. Miller. In the same ANCLE, we SEE him
text: eater nis saloon, CAMERA PANS UP to the shaded window of his
text: bedroan, After enough time has elsosed f7: McCabe to reach
text: bis room, the shade is raised anu McCabe apoesrs in the win-
text: dow and looks out, CAMERA ZOOMS SLOWLY AND ECLDS OM him. He
text: makes no gesture nor dces the expression on his face indicate
dialog: ais thoughts.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 145.
dialog: 16.
dialog: . 19
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S BEDROOM ‘TWO SHOT DAY
text: 4s before, Mrs, Miller is naked under the covers ani McCabe
dialog: wesrs his long underwear. They have made love, possiviy
dialog: without speaking of anything beforehand except their mutual
dialog: bunger for one another, As before, too, both have been
text: "brought off." Mrs. Miller is amiling.
dialog: :
dialog: You're amiling.
scene_heading: . CONS TANCE:
dialog: Habit.
speaker_heading: McCABE:.
dialog: Would it kill you to say that you
dialog: were smiling because you're glad
dialog: I'm back?
scene_heading: . : CONSTANCE:
dialog: It wouldn't be the truth.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Goddamn you.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I smile because when I was a little
dialog: girl I thought if I smiled enough I.
dialog: wouldn't get punished, -- And I'm
dialog: glad your back,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: It's funny, I never thought of whores
dialog: being little girls -- ever,
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: Did you think we ail gct scraped ofr
dialog: some well or something? Jesus.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: She gets out cf bed, CAMERA MISSING ter audity., MeCabe
text: follows her with his eyes as she slips into a robe.
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: Why are you staring et me?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Trying to figure how many times you
dialog: sold yourself while I was gone.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Whet difference does it make? You
dialog: really like to put yourself through
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 146 (Cont.)
dialog: She can't
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE: (Cont. )}
dialog: it, don't you? This is a business.
dialog: The suckers don't get no real part
dialog: of me. I lie there for them. Don't
dialog: try to make anything out of it. <=
dialog: Haven't you got enough to worry about?
speaker_heading: Lo McCABE:
dialog: Plenty. And you don't help me none.
scene_heading: . CONS TANCE:
dialog: What did they say in Bearpaw?
speaker_heading: MoCABE:
dialog: What did who say?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Are you trying to be funny? -- The
dialog: Mining Company -- what did they say?
speaker_heading: McCABE:.
dialog: T didn't talk to them.
dialog: believe it.
speaker_heading: CONS TANCE:
dialog: ‘Then what the hell did you go down |
dialog: there for?
speaker_heading: “MeCABE:.
dialog: Hire myself a lawyer -- and I got me
dialog: a@ goddamn good one,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: What for? .
speaker_heading: McoCABE:
dialog: You don't think I'm going to take
dialog: this lying down?
speaker_heading: CONS TANCE:
dialog: T couldn't have put it better myself.
dialog: .77 You kmow goddamn well they got to
dialog: get you now,
dialog: : McCABE :.
dialog: I might make a handsome statue, Madame,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: The birds will love it. -= You really
dialog: fixed yourself now.
speaker_heading: McCABE::
dialog: Come on back to bed,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a2.
dialog: 146 (Coat. 1) -
dialog: 147.
text: “Sbe thinks about it for a short time and then begins dressing.
speaker_heading: CONS TANCE:
dialog: Jesus Christ. A heros...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MoCABE'S SALOON WIGHT
text: It's more crowded tonight than we have ever seen it. There's
text: plenty of drinking and most of the town has gathered bere to
dialog: drink and gamble, It mist be slow at the Whorehouse, for some
text: of the girls are here as well, McCabe is dealing faro and
text: the girls from Mrs. Miller's are filling in at the other
text: tables, Patrick Sheehan enters, drunker than seven hundred
text: dollars, and mean. He staggers up to the bar.
speaker_heading: : ‘SHEEHAN:
text: A round for the house on Patrick
dialog: Sheehan.
text: He looks around at the customers,
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Pretty soon youtll all be back at
dialog: Old Patrick's -- 'less I decide to
dialog: take over hers,
text: He spies McCabe at the fero table and, swaying over near to
text: bim, stands staring down. McCabe doesn't look up.
dialog: :
dialog: (continuing) -
dialog: McCabe won't stand so tall when they
dialog: bring some gen-u-ine gunmen in, will
dialog: he, boys?
text: McCabe ignores bim, but the saloon grows quiet.
dialog: 8
dialog: (continuing) -
dialog: I told them all about you. They got
dialog: - the word on you and I'm here to tell
dialog: all of you that these here professionals
dialog: they bring in ain't going to be stopped
text: by the likes of Pudgy McCabe..
text: McCabe looks up..
speaker_heading: . MeCABE:-
dialog: (deadly quiet)
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ae
dialog: 147 (Con...)
dialog: 148.
dialog: 49.
text: Sheehan miscalculates.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Who the hell do you think you're
dialog: Codnighting? You ain't nothin',
dialog: udgy McCabe, . .
text: McCabe rises and moves teward Sheehan, who retreats, backing
text: toward the doorway,
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: (hard aad cold)
dialog: Good night.
text: CAMERA HOLDS ON McCabe as he tries to piece together what
dialog: would make someone like Sheehan come on so strong.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT, PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH MoCABE Day
text: He steps from his saloon and moves down the street headed to-
text: ward the Assay Office. A wagon pulls up the street headed
text: out of town, © McCube stops to talk with the @river, Tiny
text: Newcombe. Lily sits beside him on the seat,
scene_heading: . TINY:
text: Going home, McCaba,.
dialog: a McCABE:.
dialog: Where's that?
dialog: - , TINY;
text: Somewheres away from bere where they
dialog: don't know that I can't rassle good,
dialog: .- MeCABE:.
dialog: Good luck.
text: The wagon moves out. McCabe watches, then moves to the
text: Assay Office and enters, .
scene_heading: INT. ASSAY OFFICE
dialog: : Beets
text: McCabe approaches the CLERK, a rather nondescript ramen
dialog: employee about rirty. , eet ee PE BOTS *
speaker_heading: MoCABE: .
dialog: . They're short rating all the zinc
dialog: tl _ leads dow in Bearpaw. -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 149 ‘(Cont. )
dialog: 150.
dialog: 151.
dialog: C.
dialog: T badn't beard.
speaker_heading: McCABE: -
dialog: Ballshit. -- Just another way of
dialog: turning the town against me is
dialog: what it is.
speaker_heading: CLERK:
dialog: What can I do about it?
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: You sould write the governor or
dialog: something. Tell them what's going
dialog: on. Company cheating our people,
speaker_heading: . CLERK:
dialog: All I do 4s tell them what it's
dialog: worth, Man can sell for whatever
dialog: be sees fit.
speaker_heading: McCAEE:
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Making them take script for it, too.
dialog: Goddamn it, there's something illegal
dialog: about that, and you know it,
speaker_heading: CLERK:
dialog: If you want to make out a complaint,
dialog: I'll be glad to forward it, Mr. McCabe.
scene_heading: VERT CLOSE THE CLERK
speaker_heading: CLERK:
dialog: Might be some time before we get an
dialog: answer, though.
text: Leng enough, he is sure, for the canplainee to be dead...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET Day
text: as McCabe steps out of the Assay Office onto the street. He
text: Reeds take only a few steps before he realizes that something
dialog: "ain't nothing but wrong.” There is NOT A SOUND, nor is
text: there anyone else on the street. MeCabe tenses visibly as
text: be realizes that he has no gun. He ducks back in the
text: direction of the Assay Office, but as be reaches for the knob,
text: ‘the SOUND of the bol: being slipped home stope him. He spins
dialog: around, an cnarmed target for something, -- but what? Back
text: to the wall, he looks up and down the deserted street,
dialog: 152.
dialog: 153.
dialog: 154.
dialog: 155.
dialog: 156.
dialog: 157.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: P.0.V. McCABE
text: CAMERA PANS the entire length of the deserted street. No
dialog: one. Not » SOUND. The blacksmith is not working; nor the
dialog: grocer, the baker, Nothing. Not even smoke. Presbyterian
dialog: Church is closed,
text: MOVING SHOT WITH McCABE
text: He walks up the street. -- He can hardly help but break into
text: @run. When at last he reaches a point opposite his saloon,
text: he takes another look, He is a truly frightened man,
speaker_heading: P.0.V. MeCABE
text: CAMERA PANS again searching Presbyterian Chureh for danger,
text: and finding only emptiness.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: McCabe walks very fast across the street and around the side
text: of bis saloon, Safely gaining the resr steps, he climbs them
text: quickly and ducks into his bedroom door. :
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM McCABE
text: He quickly straps on his gun, picks up his shot, n, checks the
text: load and moves to the window. CAMERA FLLowS His LOOK. The
text: window of Mrs, Miller's bedroom is sbaded, No sign of meve-
dialog: ment. oe
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Shit...
text: He assures himself thet his revolver is riding well in his
text: holster and moves to the door leading down to his saloon.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON McCABE
text: The bartender, without a single customer in the Place, is
text: polishing glasses in the fog. as McCabe moves down the stairs,
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: Where's Hey You?
dialog: IT haven't seen him. Come to think
dialog: of it, I haven't seen a Chinaman all
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: (CONT INUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: 157 (Cont. )
text: McCabe moves to the faro table farthest from the door,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Have you seen anyone all day?
text: McCabe is headed for the door, but before he gets there, it
text: bursts open. Brian Kelly and a couple of other miners rush
text: in. They stop dead in their tracks, having damn near run into
text: the business end of McCabe's shotgun. After a moment of re-
dialog: lief shared by all...
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: He's come, MeCabel. He's come!
speaker_heading: MINER:
dialog: You better get ready. He's on his way.
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: Who's come?
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: The Company gunslinger they sent to
dialog: kill you.
scene_heading: 158. ANOTHER ANGLE .
text: There 1s excited AD LIBBING between the two other miners. They
text: both speak at once so that hardly anything is understood,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You seen him yourseif?
speaker_heading: XELLY:
dialog: Johnny Shields did.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Where is Mr, Shields?
speaker_heading: “KELLY:
text: Telling them down at the iivery stable,
speaker_heading: McCABE: .
dialog: That's nice,
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: I come right away, McCabe,.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Where did he see him?
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: On the Bearpaw Trail,
speaker_heading: : EeCABE:
dialog: Then he ain't here,
speaker_heading: KELLY:
speaker_heading: Not yet. (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 158 (Cont.)
dialog: 86.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: . McCABB:
dialog: What sort of appearance did this
dialog: man have? .
speaker_heading: KELLY:
dialog: Big. Sheehan said he was big and
dialog: mean. :
speaker_heading: MINER:
dialog: What are you going to do, McCabe?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Ascertain what this son-of-a-bitch
dialog: looks like first.
speaker_heading: MINER:
text: He's a big black-haired fella.
speaker_heading: “KELLY:
dialog: Shields said he's got two guns.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MINER:
text: Dressed in black like an undertaker,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER:
text: With black and white boots and a white
dialog: hat, I heard,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER:
text: A black hat with the brim turned down,
text: McCabe, mowing he’s not going to get an accurate picture
text: of the gunman here, moves out. .
scene_heading: 159. EXT. "McCABE'S" A CONTINUATION
text: The three men follow McCabe out onto the porch and AD LIB .
text: questions that go unanswered as McCabe foes to his horse,
text: mounts and rides out. .
speaker_heading: AD LIB:
text: 1. He had cold, gray eyes.
dialog: 2. You're the one who started this, McCabe,
dialog: 3. This i3 @ responsible community,
dialog: 4. We don't want the whole tom shot
dialog: Up om account of you,
text: 5. Ought to mo down and meet him on the trail,
dialog: 6. Get him while he's asieop...
speaker_heading: : (CONTINUED )
dialog: 87. .
speaker_heading: 159 (Cont,)
dialog: 160.
dialog: 161.
dialog: 162.
text: And as it occurs to the three men that their gunfighter has
dialog: left town, we .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN TRAIL McCABE DAY
text: He rides into scene, dismounts and moves to the edge of the
text: trail to look over the side.
scene_heading: P.0.V. McCABE WHAT HE SEES
dialog: Par dow the side of the mountain - easily four or five
text: hours away - a lone rider can be seen ridingup the trail...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S PARLOR NIGHT
dialog: There is no business, Blanche, without any talent, is fool-
text: ing around with the piano. Eunice is trying to read a well-
text: thumbed magazine and Cindy and Mai Ling have stationed them-
text: selves near the front window. Their number has increased.
dialog: Ida Webster has figured out what she is going to do, They
text: are all nervous, worried, waiting... Blanche hits all the
text: Keys at once, closes the lid, stands, takes a cigarette from
text: the pack on top of the piano.
speaker_heading: : BLANCHE:
dialog: Business is rotten -- Connie is having
dialog: trouble making ends meet.
speaker_heading: EUNICE:
dialog: I just read that joke in here and
dialog: smoke your own for crissakes,.
text: She throws down the magazine, takes her pack and moves away.
text: As she passes Ida, seated on a sofa...
speaker_heading: EUNICE:
dialog: What we really needed sround here
dialog: was another whore, -- What the hell
dialog: are we going to do for crissakes?
text: She flops into a chair,
speaker_heading: . SLANCHE:
dialog: The last thing I decided was to
dialog: come up here, -- I'm going to get
dialog: something to eat,
speaker_heading: . (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88.
dialog: Cont.)
text: 162 ( Bunice stands and follows her into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: : . EUNICE:
dialog: All you do is eat and screw.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: Hell, ain't it?
scene_heading: 163. ANOTHER ANGLE MAI LING CINDY
text: stering out the window.
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: It's my night to go over and deal
dialog: at "McCabe's,"
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: Solitaire?
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: Honest to God, it's like a Goddamn
dialog: undertaker's in there now.
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: There's plenty of action over at
dialog: "Sheehan's,"
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: - MAI LING:
dialog: We ought to go over there,
speaker_heading: EUNICE:
dialog: Connie would kill us.
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: You can forget about her and McCabe,
dialog: too. He's going to be dead and we're
dialog: all going to be Company whores.
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: I don't know why I listen to you.
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: You want to make some money?
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: No. I'm in this for the romance,
text: Mai Ling tekes some erumpled notes from her cleavage. Not
text: bank notes. She shows them to Cindy.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED )
dialog: se
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 163 (Cont,)
dialog: 164.
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: Look, .
speaker_heading: . CINDY:
dialog: Scrip, Mining Company scrip. What
dialog: good is it? |
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
dialog: Mr. Sears told me pretty soon we'd
dialog: be able to use it just like money.
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: Sears?
speaker_heading: MAI LING:
text: ZI saw him over in "Sheehan's" back room --
dialog: I'm telling you kid, you better start
dialog: taking care of yourself.
text: Cindy moves away from her.
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: You're going te get your ass in a
dialog: sling, Princess,
text: She passes Ida on her way upstairs, CAMERA PANS,
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: How's it feel to be in the big time?
speaker_heading: IDA:
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: What am I going to do?
text: CAMERA MOVES in on Ida and HOLDS,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. McCABE'S SALOCN THE OFFICE NIGHT
text: Where McCabe is seated at a desk-table in semi-darimess, a
text: Plate of food uneaten in front of hin. He looks up at the
text: ©.s. SOUND of footsteps crossing the footbridge between his
text: saloon and Mrs, Miller's, There's a ENOCK at the office
dialog: oor. : :
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: Come in, Madame.
text: - Mrs, Miller enters.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: wi
speaker_heading: 164 (Cont, )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: What if I would have been him?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Itve learned your footsteps, Madame,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: McCA3E:
dialog: Try my best to keep from being
dialog: assassinated, if the truth were kmown,
dialog: Are you worried?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I came to do the books.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Oh, yes. The Goddamn books. You mst
dialog: do the books, for crissekes, I don't
dialog: want to leave any loose ends.
text: ‘She moves to where the books are kept and turns the light UPe
text: She sits down and peruses them, McCabe takes his revolver
text: from its holster and begins to spin the cylinder with an
scene_heading: annoying CLICKING SOUND, :
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: Do you have to do that?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Yes,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Why don't you get some help?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: From who? .I'm the gunfighter. I got
dialog: the rep. This is my town and my fight.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Hell of a time to decide that. --
dialog: What about the Chinamen? You helped
dialog: them plenty,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I helped. them when it was a help to
dialog: me. They don't owe me nothing,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Danny? |
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Is a bartender...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 164 (Cont.1)
dialog: 165.
dialog: 166.
dialog: 167.
dialog: 168. .
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: See what playing with guns gets you?
speaker_heading: McCA3E=:
dialog: Constance, I'll be back -- I'll
dialog: thank you to turn the light dow
text: before I open the door.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MRS, MILLER
text: as she turns down the light. We hear the SOUND of McCabe
text: leaving without another word, Faint signs of worry appear
text: on Mrs, Miller's face after the door is closed, and we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT, MOUNTAIN TRAIL NIGHT
text: It is the same observation point from which McCabe first saw
text: the rider. As before, McCabe moves near the edge and looks
text: down in the direction he must come,
speaker_heading: P.O.V. McCABE
text: Now, far down the trail, but closer, a campfire glows in the
dialog: black night,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. MRS, MILLER'S BEDROOM RIGHT
text: Mrs. Miller is in bed. McCabe stands looking out the bedroom
text: window in his long johns. After a BEAT, he moves to the bed
dialog: and climbs in, :
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: He's a cool son-of-a-bitch to camp
dialog: down there with me up here. Or maybe
dialog: I'm just supposed to think he's camped
dialog: down there,
speaker_heading: CONSTAKCE:
dialog: It wouldn't ever occu> to you just to
dialog: Get the hell cut of here.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: With what? All the money's tied up here,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You could sell out, .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 168 (Cont. )
dialog: 169.
dialog: 170,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Who'd buy now? Whole town Imows the
dialog: Company's coming.
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: Why rot ride down to Bearpaw and tell
dialog: them you reconsidered?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: No. e- When you live in a flat you got
dialog: to pay the.rent, The rent's due now
dialog: and that's a1] there is to it,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I don't know what the hell you're talk-
dialog: ing about,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I don't expect you to understand,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Don't expect me to feel sorry for you,
dialog: either. .
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I'm not expecting nothing.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You're afraid to,
text: Nervous, McCabe again leaves the bed and moves to the window.
text: As he peers out into the blackness seeing nothing - and avery-
dialog: thing -- we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH McCABE DAY
text: The only person in sight. Mot ancther soul visible. McCabe
text: walks easily down the steps of his saloon and onto the street
text: of his town. He is different than he was in Bearpaw; ready,
text: competent somehow, He looks up the street toward the church,
text: Fothing. He seems to be looking for a place of advantage,
text: He Iooks around the side of a building, then between two
text: others and each time sees nothing. He starts at the SOUND of
text: a mother calling hysterically for her son, but beyond thet
text: the only SOUND is the CRUNCH of his boots in the dry dirt,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE TEE SCENE
text: McCabe moves to where the main bridge crosses over the ditch,
text: He takes first one position, then another. Zach time he
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: Soe!
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 170 (Cont. )
dialog: 171.
dialog: 172.
dialog: 173.
dialog: 17h.
dialog: 175.
dialog: 176.
dialog: 177.
text: sights the shotgun toward the corner or Elitfott's church and
dialog: each time he decides that the logistics aren't right for
dialog: ambush. .
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Re slips across the street, sighting at an imaginary enemy
dialog: Up near the church, This apot, too, is unsatisfactory,
text: First he moves closer un toward the church, then farther
text: down away from it, and when he has at last decided on the
text: best spot to wait, he moves to his horse, mounts up and ridea
dialog: out,
scene_heading: EXT, MOUNTAIN TRAIL DaY
text: as before. More carefully now, McCabe peers over the edge.
speaker_heading: P.0.V, MeCABE
text: Still a few miles down the trail, but climbing steadily, the
text: rider approaches.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: McCabe mounts up and rides out.
scene_heading: EXT, PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
text: McCabe rides‘in, ties his horse and moves to the spot he has
text: previously chosen for ambush. It is a spot at the corner of
text: a porch facing the street where the rider must pass. NcCabe
text: further protects himself by moving a rain barrel around ror
text: better concealment and, shotgun at the ready, he setties
text: own behind it to wait, eyes riveted to the corner of the
dialog: urch. ” :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: TIME LAPSE .
scene_heading: EXT, PRESSYTERIAN CHURCH MeCABE
text: It*s doubtful he has moved from his position. The town is
text: shanen ene empty. McCabe waits, still watching the
scene_heading: 2.0.V¥. McCABE
text: The church. Very soon, the SOUND of a horse nearing and a
text: SEAT later a YOUNS COWBOY, riding easily, anpears,
dialog: 178.
dialog: 179.
dialog: oh.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE THE COWBOY
text: He is sbout twenty and there is something strapped to his
dialog: back that we cannot identify in thi« ANGLE. The cowboy
text: reins in and stares at something o.s. He smiles, lets out a
text: whoop and, drawing his revolver, he fires a couple of times
text: in the air.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: He has seen the sign in front of "McCabe's" and is riding to
text: it. In fact, he starts to ride right up onto the front
text: porch in his haste to enter, He does not see McCabe appear
text: behind him, his gun drawn.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Hold it, sonny. -= Drop the gun.
text: "Sonny" complies.
speaker_heading: ‘MeCABE:
dialog: Now back off the porch and get off
dialog: thet horse. Real easy.
text: McCabe moves in closer to see the "gunman" is bowlegged, boy-
text: faced, and flustered,
scene_heading: YOUNG COWBOY:
dialog: Wait a minute, Mister, -- I don't
dialog: mean no harm, I'm just so Goddam
dialog: @lad to get here that I,.,
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: What'd-you come here for?
scene_heading: YOUNG COWBOY:
dialog: I heard there was the fanciest whore-
dialog: house in the territory up here, and
dialog: it's been so long since I done any
dialog: oolebrating...
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Pick up your gun and behave yourself,
text: The young cowboy picks it up, nearly drops it, then shoves it
text: into his holster so far down he'd need help pulling it out.
scene_heading: YOGNG COWBOY:
dialog: I'm sure plad you didn't shoot me,
dialog: Mister, I'd hate tc dia without
dialog: busting my cherry first.
text: McCabe smiles, moving to the porch,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 179 (Cont. )
dialog: 180,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Would have been a Goddamn shame,
dialog: sonny. A goddamn shame...
text: McCabe enters the saloon followed by the young cowboy, As
text: the latter enters, WE SEZ that strapped to his back is a
dialog: banjo, and we .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S BEDROOM . NIGHT
text: Both McCabe and Mrs, Miller are fully dressed, She leans
text: against some pillows on the bed, McCabe stands by the window
text: staring out.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Town is dead,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
text: Then stop staring at it.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I went to know when he comes.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You'll know. Half: the town told you
dialog: about that cowboy. :
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: That's where you're wrong, Madame.
dialog: When he really comes, nobody will
dialog: tell me,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Are you going to stand there all night
dialog: looking out the window? It's bad for
dialog: business,
speaker_heading: “ MeCABE:
dialog: That's all you think about, lan't it?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: ‘ It's all I know, Goddammit. And if I'd
dialog: ‘ve had any sense I would have gotten out
dialog: of here while the getting was good,
dialog: . - MeCASE:
dialog: That's the Company whore coming out in you.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I'd rather be a Company whore than a
dialog: dead Madame, :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 180 (Cont.)
dialog: 161.
dialog: 2182.
dialog: 183.
dialog: 184.
dialog: 185.
speaker_heading: MoCABE:
dialog: Mrs. Miller, you give me a pain in
dialog: the ass, sometimes. _
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Then go and nurse it in your own bed
dialog: and stay out of mine.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF WHOREHCUSE NIGET
text: McCabe stomps down the stairs, across the bridge and up the
text: rear stairs of the saloon to his bedroom, slamming the door
dialog: shut, as we .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: DAYBREAK
text: He is asleep. CAMERA is at the foot of his bed. Suddenly,
text: without apparent reason, McCabe sits bolt upright in bed,
text: Fear has awekened him. CAMERA PANS him to the window where,
text: standing carefully so as not to make a target, he looks out,
text: listening intently.
scene_heading: INT, McCABE'S BEDROOM
speaker_heading: P.O.V, McCABE
text: Toward "Sheehan's." There are three horses tied in front,
text: CAMERA ZOOMS to the nearest horse. Sticking well out of the
text: saddle boot is a very large rifle, a Sharps, its eightsided
text: barrel glinting in the light of the rising sun,
scene_heading: INT, McCABE'S BEDROOM
dialog: They're here! The knowledge of it -- and the accompanying
text: fear are etched on his face. He makes sure the bolt is in‘
text: place on the outside door and begins to dress.
speaker_heading: INT, SALOON
text: McCabe comes down the stairs, shotgun ready, looking every-
text: where at once. He moves to the front window and looks down
text: the street. Now he begins to move himself around the saloon
text: as he did on the street waiting for the cowboy, The bar,
text: the stairs, the office door. From each position he tries to
text: determine its relationship and advantage to the front door.
dialog: Having decided that it's the best sossible spot, McCabe
text: moves the faro table to a corner of the room farthest from
speaker_heading: - “(CONTINUED )
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 185 (Cont. )
dialog: 186.
dialog: 187.
dialog: 188.
dialog: 189.
text: the door, No windows behind him. He sits behind the table
dialog: and looks the place over from here,
speaker_heading: P.O.V. McCABE
text: The CAMERA is his eyes. He can see the doorway plainly,
text: both in the mirror over the bar and by turning his head
text: slightly. In one ANGLE, a poker table can be seen between
text: him and the door.
speaker_heading: ANGLE McCABE
text: He rises, moves the table so that it's clear of a possible
text: line of fire, takes a final look around before moving to the
text: front door and ulocking it. Satisfied, McCabe returns to
text: the faro table, places the shotgun on the felt surface in
text: front of him, lights a cigar and settles dow to wait.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH DAY
text: as Danny, McCabe's bartender, arrives for work. He senses
text: something amiss while he's tying up his animal to the reil.
text: No one is on the street, though it's mid-morning. He moves
text: toward the open door of "McCabe's," a certain reluctance in
text: his step. He pauses at the threshold without entering.
scene_heading: INT. "McCABE'S ANGLE IN MIRROR
text: Danny's reflection standing uncertainly at the door peering
text: into the darkened saloon,
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: Come in, Danny.
text: Danny enters, not knowing what to expect. CAMERA MOVES off
text: mirror to HOLD Danny and McCabe,
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: - - They're here, you know. .
scene_heading: . : DANNY: .
dialog: Figured it was something like that,
dialog: Ain't a soul on the street,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 189 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You can go if you want.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: They ain't after me, are they?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You after them?
speaker_heading: : DANNY:
dialog: No. -- I ain't no good with a
dialog: gun, you mew that...
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Don't worry about it, Danny.
dialog: I got the edge todey.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: Think there'll be any shooting?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Not just yet. More than likely
dialog: they'll be by to look me over,
dialog: though, Nobody likes to go into
text: @ gunfight blindfolded.
text: Danny nods "yes" without really knowing why and moves
text: behind the bar.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: You want me to serve them?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You got the idea, Danny. Serve
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: T hope I know what I'm doing.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
text: One of them has a buffalo rifle
dialog: the Indians used to call "shoot-
dialog: today-hit-tomorrow."
text: Danny nods to this bit of information as well and starts
text: getting the bar ready.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 190, INT. SALOON NIGHT
text: They have waited all day, Danny is near the front, looking
text: out the window, 111 at ease. McCabe looks as if he hasn't
text: changed positions all day. The cigar in his mouth has gone
text: out. Danny moves away from the window, suddenly looking as
text: if he is ready to wet his pants.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: They're coming.
text: McCabe picks up the shotgun and COCKS it. Danny stands
text: right in the line of fire,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Move away, Danny -- behind the
dialog: bar, Don't let yourself get
dialog: between them and me.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: I don't mind saying I'm scared
dialog: to death.
text: McCabe doesn't anawer. Sitting there with a shotgun pointed
text: at the door seems enough. SOUNDS of boots on the steps
text: before the batewing doors swing wide open,
text: "DOC" BUTLER, the leader, is a big, white-haired man of
dialog: sixty-plus. He has killed many times and enjoyed it. His
text: eyes. move very fast and miss nothing. Thumbs hooked in his
text: belt, sleeves rolled up revealing enormous arms. He is
dialog: unarmed.
text: "BREED," of either Mexican or Indian descent. He's dressed
text: . almost identically to Butler. He's wolf lean, dangerous.
text: He, too, is unarmed. He stands just to the left and a pace
dialog: behind Butler,
text: Next to “him, "XID" stands. About eighteen, he probably
text: hasn't killed yet and is looking forward to it. His clothes
text: ire new and clean and he wears two six-guns strapped to his
dialog: egs.
text: Patrick Sheehan brings up the rear.
text: Butler walks directly toward McCabe, Breed at his side. Kid
text: moves to the far end of the bar, sweating a lot.
speaker_heading: aa “McCABE:
dialog: That's far enough.
text: Breed moves to the wall and leans 2s McCabe COCKS the other
text: chamer of the shotgun. Butler stands about six feet from
dialog: e ta ee
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 190 (Cont.)
dialog: rogunt a
dialog: laughing
dialog: ~ So this is Pudgy McCabe. Ain't
dialog: that the way you're called? Pudgy?
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: It's a nomer I've gone by.
speaker_heading: . BUTLER:
dialog: Ain't you the man that killed Bill
dialog: Roundtree?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: That was some time ago.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Shot him right between the eyes, I
dialog: hear. He was dead before he hit
dialog: the floor,
speaker_heading: : McCABE:
dialog: I shot him four times in the chest,
dialog: and he died for the same reason they
dialog: all dle -- no doctor close enough.
speaker_heading: BUTLER: :
dialog: I'm Dog Butler and I kmnowed Bill
dialog: fe Roundtree when I was # kid in Texas..
dialog: He was the Greatest man alive.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Bullshit. <= Roundtree was from
dialog: New Hampshire and was never nothin!
dialog: but a pennyante card cheat.
text: There's a long BEAT before Butler throws back his head and
text: laughs long and loud.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Don't you believe that I came here
dialog: te get back at you for killing Bill
dialog: Roundtree?
speaker_heading: : MeCABE:
dialog: No.
dialog: - > ° Butler laughs again.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: You're all right, Pudgy. -- You
dialog: going to buy us a drink, Pudgy?
speaker_heading: Me . (CONTINUED )
dialog: Ne
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 190 (Cont.2)
dialog: 191.
dialog: 192.
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: First drink of the day's always on
dialog: me. -- Danny? Put up a bottle and
dialog: ‘glasses -- one for that scum-bdag at
text: the end of the bar, too.
text: McCabe and Butler size each other. up while Kid brings the
text: bottle and two glasses, pouring Breed's drink first, When
text: he pours for Butler, the old killer takes the bottle from
text: him. Kid returns to the bar es before.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Butler swallows his glass of whiskey all at once, pours
text: another, and takes a step nearer McCabe to set the bottle
text: on the Faro table. McCabe brings his shotgun up sharply --
text: to Butler's further amusement.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You don't have no notion that the
dialog: second drink's on credit, do you?
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: How many man have you killed, Pudgy?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Counting Roundtree?
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: : MeCABE:
dialog: One.
text: Butler seems to really be getting a kick out of McCabe,
text: When he recovers from this latest knee-slapper,
speaker_heading: . BUTLER:
dialog: Give me one of them cigars, Pudgy.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Danny? -- Give Mr. Butler one of
dialog: my cigars.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE MIRROR
text: While Butler turns his back on McCabe and walks toward the
text: bar, he keeps his eyes on him in the mirror, McCabe's
text: ‘shotgun follows him unerringly. Butler takes a ci a
dialog: lights it. 7 “meen
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 192 (Cont.)
dialog: 193.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Give Mr. Butler's friends cigars,
dialog: too. Lt
text: They all take one but the Kid. Butler moves back to the
text: Faro table, lifts a chair up with two fingers. He's still
text: testing McCabe, and when he tenses, Butler pulls the chair
text: back and ‘sits in it heavily.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE FAVOR BUTLER
text: He blows cigar smoke in the air and begins to recite.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Let me see, now, Pudgy McCabe.
dialog: You still carry that trick
dialog: derringer in your wrist?
text: McCabe says nothing.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: No. -- You probably gave that up.
dialog: How about your handkerchief or
dialog: under your hat,
text: McCabe merely smiles.
speaker_heading: BUTLER :
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Oh, that's right Pudgy. You got
dialog: that special Colt in that special
dialog: holster, ain't that right?
speaker_heading: MeCABE: .
dialog: You got your money on the right card.
speaker_heading: “KID:
dialog: McCabe thinks he's some pumpkins,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Be careful not to let your voice
dialog: erack when you're talking tough,
dialog: Sonny.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: He is some pumpkins, Kid. Throw a
dialog: derby or coffee in your face and go
dialog: for his gun when your hands went for
dialog: ‘your eyes. He's a smooth talking Yankee.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you never went near no big towns,
dialog: no big camps, no place where you might
dialog: see a first class gunman, did you? (CONTINUED )
dialog: wt
dialog: 193.
speaker_heading: 193 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Never did want to kili nobody again.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Well now ain't that nice? Ain't that
dialog: nice, Breed? Ain't it nice to be up
dialog: egeinst a@ considerate man like that,
dialog: Kid st
text: They both smile, nodding their approval, Butler stands up
text: and leans over the table, disregarding the shotgun that has
dialog: tracked him. .
dialog: z
speaker_heading: BU’
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Well I ain't like that, Pudgy. I
dialog: like to kill. Wolves and buffaloes
text: and antelopes and Indians and men.
dialog: «- You kmow what I do when I'm out
dialog: on the prairie and there ain't
dialog: nothing in sight to kill?
speaker_heading: Me CABE:
dialog: I wouldn't have no idea.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Why, I wait until one of them prairie
dialog: dogs sticks his head up and then I
text: splatter that head all over the prairie.
dialog: I waited a whole afternoon once.
speaker_heading: BREED:
dialog: . (beat)
text: I wait with him.
text: Butler laughs, rewarding Breed with his approval. The Kid
text: is unsure whether to laugh or not.
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: Any of them prairie dogs ever shoot
dialog: back?
text: Butler laughs again, pours another drink, tosses it off and
text: sets down the glass. .
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: We ain't paying for these drinks,
dialog: Pudgy..
text: He moves away again toward the bar, past the Kid, who steps
text: out between Sutler and McCabe. McCabe moves oulekly away
text: from the table to ean Qngle where Butler can't escape the
text: shotgun's blast. Danny ducks behind the bar. Butler sees
text: McCabe's advantage in the mirror,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 193 (Cont.1)
dialog: 194.
speaker_heading: Mc CABE:
dialog: What do you do, Butler? Get a new
dialog: kid for every job?
text: The Kid stands uncertain, ready to draw if Butler gives the
text: word, yet knowing he'll be dead when he does. Breed, out
text: of the limelight, stoops slightly trying to reach his boot.
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't try it.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: (blurting)
dialog: You told me there wasn't going to
dialog: be no fight today.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Maybe we changed our minds.
text: Butler moves further to one side of the Kid. Apparently
text: it will all be over at any moment. The Kid moves a bit,
text: drawing the shotgun toward him. Over the bar a sign reads:
text: "GENTLEMEN WILL NOT SPIT ON THE FLOOR; OTHERS MUST NOT."
speaker_heading: . KID:
dialog: I just spit on your floor.
dialog: Showdown!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: _ McCabe moves his shotgun off the Kid and points it directly
dialog: at Butler,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: If this young man hawks up another,
dialog: I'm going to give you a new asshole.
text: Butler thinks about it briefly before he moves over and puts
text: his arm around the kid.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: That rifle of mine shoots eight
dialog: hundred yards, Kid, Let McCabe
dialog: think about that for awhile, --
dialog: Then we'll kill him,
text: He moves his head and Breed responds immediately, heading
text: for the door. Butler and the Eld follow. The Kid goes out
text: and Butler turns back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 19h (Cont. )
dialog: 195.
dialog: 196.
dialog: 197.
dialog: 198.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Pay for the whiskey, Sheehan.
dialog: He can't get the money out fast enough. Some change spilis
text: to the floor, but Sheehan doesn't turn back. Butler looks
text: at McCabe, takes his cigar and throws it into a brass
dialog: spittoon. .
speaker_heading: ANGLE SPITTOON
text: The cigar HISSES, makes a little steam, and we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT, "SHEEHAN'S" SALOON DaY
text: as Butler, Kid, Breed, Sheehan move out onto the front porch.
text: Breed slouches against the door, Kid sits down on the steps
text: and Sheehan pulls a chair out for Butler, who sits and looks
dialog: over the town,
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET P.0.V¥. BUTLER
text: At the far end of the street,- TWO MINERS are riding around
dialog: the corner of the church. That is damn near the extent of.
dialog: the activity as only the most essential tasks are being
text: taken care of by the population of Presbyterian Church.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Butler turns to Sheehan.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Get my rifle,
text: Sheehan enters the saloon.
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: What are you going to do Butler?
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Unless I miss my guess, this town
dialog: probably thinks McCabe backed us
dialog: off last night. We're going to
dialog: start converting Presbyterian
dialog: Church.
text: Sheehan returns with the rifle, Butler takes it, checks the
text: load and brings it to his shoulder, etill seated,
speaker_heading: Nw
dialog: 199.
dialog: 200.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: The two miners have reached a spot just about parallel with
text: "McCabe's." TWO GUNSHOTS are fired by Butler, neatly picking
text: off the miners' hats. The shots have caused one of the
text: mounts to rear, tossing one of the miners to the ground.
text: The other miner immediately wheels his horse around and rides
text: out leaving his companion in the street. He hears them
text: laughing down at "Sheehan's" and realizing that it's just a
text: prank, moves to pick up the hats, They have fallen near one
text: another in the street. But es the miner reaches to retrieve
text: it, TWO MORE GUNSHOTS ring out sending the hats skittering
text: away out of reach.
scene_heading: INT. McCABE'S SALOON
text: McCabe stands looking out the door, he hasn't shaved, nor
text: has he dressed with his usual-care. Danny rises from behind
text: the ber, where he has ducked down when the shooting began.
speaker_heading: DANNY: .
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: McCABE: ane cane
text: IT make it about two-hundred yards.
text: McCabe moves to the bar.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sign ready?
text: Danny draws a final line on a crude sign, after which he holds
dialog: _it up and we can read:
dialog: ope
text: "NO GUNS WILL BE WORN INSIDE"
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: Aren't you efraid that'll bring
dialog: them in here?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I'm afraid it won't, if the truth
dialog: were mown, ~
text: Danny looks like he just received a ransom note, —° >
dialog: es
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 7 DANNY:
dialog: You want them to come?!
dialog: . McCABE: on
dialog: I*ll sit on this side of the room x
dialog: today. -- They expect me to be ge
dialog: over there,
speaker_heading: (cOwriiuED )
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 200 (Cont.)
dialog: 201.
text: He has moved to the opposite side of the saloon, making sure
dialog: the advantage here still lies with hin.
speaker_heading: Mc CABE:
dialog: I don't think Sutler will go for
dialog: it‘or the Breed -- but that Kid's
dialog: got a one-track mind. <= What's
dialog: ‘ the matter, Danny?
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: Listen Mr. McCabe, no offense, but
dialog: seeing how business is pretty slow,
dialog: I'd...
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You'd like to quit.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Well you sure don't owe me nothing,
dialog: Danny. If you'd heng that sign
dialog: outside on your way out...?
speaker_heading: DANNY :
dialog: Hell yes, Mr. McCabe -- and I'll
dialog: fix them steps the way you want. .
dialog: -- I just don't want to be in here.
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: I'll take care of it. Catch up with
dialog: you some time, Danny.
text: Danny hesitates, delaying his exit for a BEAT.
speaker_heading: DANNY:
dialog: Mr. McCabe? -- I got three days
dialog: wages coming...
text: He can hardly be faulted far that. As McCabe moves to get
dialog: Danny's money, thinking probably that if the shoe were on
dialog: the other foot he'd do the same, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEHAN'S SALOON
text: The group, still amused at the antics of the miner,
text: Butler puts the rifle up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 201 (Cont.)
dialog: 202,
dialog: 203.
dialog: 204.
dialog: 205.
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: If it was up to me, we'd go in
dialog: there right now and get him
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: You don't start nothing until I
dialog: say to. Nothing Pudgy would like
dialog: better than to have it out in his
dialog: own saloon. Now them two miners
dialog: ain't going to be taking sides
dialog: with McCabe. What we're going to
dialog: do is put on a little show here
dialog: every day until McCabe ain't got
dialog: a friend in the world. -- This is
dialog: going to be done my way, Kid -<«
dialog: don't you forget it.
scene_heading: INT. MeCABE'S BEDROOM
text: The bureau has been pushed against the door as a barricade.
text: McCabe can see the front of Sheehan's place from here.
scene_heading: EXT, SHEEHAN'S SALOON P.0.V. McCABE'S
text: The three gunmen and Sheehan. Very soon Mai Ling and Cindy
text: are seen climbing onto the porch. Butler remains seated
text: as Breed, Kid and Sheehan follow them into the saloon.
text: Butler sits calmly looking over the town.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANGLE McCABE
speaker_heading: McCABE: . ee
dialog: Goddamn whores, -- en inane
text: Ee swings his eyes to look at Mrs, Miller's bedroom window
dialog: . cepts, a
speaker_heading: P.O.V, McCABE'S
dialog: : os rie nie a ae .
text: Mrs. Miller's bedroom window shade has been drawn, fsx.
dialog: 
dialog: Ly
dialog: 206.
dialog: 207.
dialog: 208,
dialog: 209.
dialog: 210.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: EXT, SHEEHAN'S SALOON DAY
text: Butler and Breed are seated on the front porch of the
text: Baloon. Kid stands on the other side of the pond, some
text: cans and bottles on the ground beside him. Breed has a
text: shotgun and Butler his long Sharps. The Kid throws a bottle
text: up-.in -the air, draws with his right hand, and smashes the
text: bottle in mid-air, .
text: Several small boys and a few men are watching from the
text: livery stable, very much impressed with Kid.
text: Now he picks up a can, throwing it up in the air, drawing
dialog: and hitting it as before except that this time his bullet
text: has sent the can soaring higher. In the b.g. Breed sees
text: the can in mid-air, whips the shotgun up and sends it
text: even higher -- only to be topped by Butler who hits the
text: can squarely with a bullet from his Sharps sending it
text: higher still. And the procedure is repeated.
scene_heading: INT. McCABE'S BEDROOM DAY
text: McCabe, red-eyed from lack of sleep and unshaven, lies on
text: top of his bed staring straight up listening to the SOUNDS
text: of the gunfire. The shotgun is beside him on the bed,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. MeCABE'S BEDROOM NIGHT
text: He's standing at the window looking out toward "Sheehan's."
text: SOUNDS of laughter and fun coming from inside, Lack of
text: sleep and tension are taking their toll on him. He picks
text: up @ heavy imife, moves the bureau away from the door,
text: and opens it carefully.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE McCABE'S BEDROOM: NIGHT
text: McCabe hes dropped to his kmees and crawls out on to the
text: stairway on all fours. He moves down the steps about
text: halfway and, alert to the slightest sound, McCave takes
text: the Imife and loosens one of the wooden steps. He crawls
text: back up to the landing but, as he starts to reenter, he
text: sees something inside his bedroom which causes him to claw
text: at his Colt,
speaker_heading: WHAT McCABE SEES
text: A pair of man's boots.
dialog: 211.
dialog: 24.
dialog: 215,
dialog: 216,
dialog: 217,
dialog: : 110,
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE /
text: McCabe almost fires, until he realizes that the boots are
text: his own, He continues into his bedroom,
speaker_heading: Int, SALOON
text: McCabe moves down the inside stairs carefully, drum-tight,
text: Another RIGGED STEP SQUEAKS as he moves downstairs and
dialog: - beads for the office, McCabe will have plenty of warning
text: 4f they try for him in his bedroom,
scene_heading: INT, OFFICE : - NIGHT
text: Just enough light leaks in from the saloon for us to see
text: that this room, too, has been barricaded, the table shoved
text: against the outside doo, McCats moves to the window and
text: stares out, listening intently,
scene_heading: INT, SALOON McCABE
text: Moves to another of his positions of advantage, shotgun in
text: his lap and sits, CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE to see his eyes
text: dart from side to side. The only SOUNDS which can be
text: HEARD comes from the patrons of "Sheehan's,"
scene_heading: . ‘DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, McCABE'S SALOON : DAY
text: In the same position, shotgun still across his lap, McCabe
text: is fighting sleep - and losing until the SOUND of a running
text: horse brings him quickly to the ready, He rushes to the
text: window and peeks out,
speaker_heading: P.O.V, McCABE'S
text: Xid has ridden up the stréet and now wheels his horse
text: around, riding back down it past "McCabe's" at a full
text: gallop, As he crosses in front of the saloon, he draws
text: and fires TWO GUNSHOTS toward the saloon, CAMERA HOLDS
text: on the sign Danny put up, The "I's," in the word "INSIDE"
dialog: have been neatly dotted,
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON McCABE
text: He moves away from the window and toward the bar and a
dialog: bottle, He looks like hell, No derby, unshaven, clothing
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 217 (Cont, )
dialog: 218,
dialog: 219,
dialog: 111,
dialog: Pumpled and dirty; a McCabe we have never seen before, He
text: pours himself a glass of whiskey end starts to drink it,
text: but catches his reflection in the bar mirror and stops, the
text: @lass mid-way to his mouth, CAMERA FOLLOWS his look as he
text: moves closer to the mirror for another look, From o,s, the
text: SOUND of the gunfire resumes with the occasional SOUND of
text: the shotgun followed by the SOUND of the Sharps, McCabe,
text: staring directly into the mirror -
speaker_heading: . - MeCABE:
dialog: Shit...
text: He moves toward the stairs leading to his bedroom, Again
text: he walks on one of the steps rigged for SOUND, ‘The SQUEAK
text: causes him to spin around and bring up his shotgun, before
text: he realizes what made the noise, smiles, shakes his head
text: and moves into his bedroom,
speaker_heading: EXT, STREET
text: Kid SHOOTS a few nore bottles and cans while a handful of
text: men and boys watch from the livery stable, After a few
text: shots he tires of it and moves to the front porch of
text: "Sheehan's" where he joins Butler and Breed,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: Ain't we about ready to take that
dialog: tin horn? I'm tired of shooting
dialog: bottles,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: Take it easy, Kid, Won't be long
dialog: now,
text: Butler rises, moves into the saloon, Breed and Kid stand
text: alone on the porch,
speaker_heading: XID:
dialog: Goddamn! We're supposed to be making
dialog: McCabe nervous, and I'm about to jump
dialog: out of my skin,
text: Breed nods his head toward the street, Kid follows his
dialog: ook,
scene_heading: P,O.V, WHAT THEY SEE
dialog: een eer riding around from the whorehouse and past
dialog: on
dialog: 220,
dialog: 12,
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Breed and Kid move off the porch and all three men come
text: together on the street, The young cowboy is packed and
text: riding out of town, his banjd strapped to his back,
speaker_heading: . KID:
dialog: Play us a tune, cowboy,
text: The cowboy reins in and smiles engagingly,
scene_heading: YOUNG COWBOY:
dialog: Hell, I can't play this thing. --
dialog: T just tote it around,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: Let mo see it,
text: He slips it off and hands it down to Kid, He takes it,
text: holds it as though he wers going to play, then deliberately
text: RIPS OUT the strings, He looks up toward the cowboy,
dialog: Breed laughs,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: Damn,
text: He sees the rope tied to the cowboy's saddle horn,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Let me see you do e rope trick,
scene_heading: YOUNG COWBOY:
dialog: I don't know how to do any,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: What the hell cen you do?
scene_heading: YOUNG COWBOY:
dialog: I ain't learned nothing too good
dialog: yet,
text: Kid takes a couple of paces back from the cowboy,
speaker_heading: eo KID:
dialog: Can you shoot?
speaker_heading: BREED:
dialog: Butler won't like this,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: Puck Butler, -- Can you shoot,
dialog: cowboy?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 220 (Cont.)
dialog: 221,
dialog: 223.
dialog: * 113,
scene_heading: YOUNG COWBOY:
dialog: (smiling) ”
dialog: Bell, yes, I can shoot, -- I just
dialog: never hit nothing,-that's all,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: Hell, it's probably your gun, --
dialog: (he smiles) - .
dialog: Let me take a look at it for you,
text: The young cowboy, never dreaming he is about to die,
text: reaches for his gun to hand it over, Kid draws, fast as
text: lightning, and puts four bullets into the young cowboy
text: who pitches off his horse into the street, dead before
dialog: he leaves the saddle, ,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch tried to draw on me,.,
scene_heading: INT, McCABE'S BEDROOM — , NIGHT
text: McCabe, dressing in his finest, Eyes clear, shaved, hair
text: slicked back, gleaming collar and cuffs, He sets his
text: derby in that jaunty angle, takes a final look at himself
text: in the mirror and moves out of the bedroom, He is complete-
dialog: ly unarmed, :
scene_heading: EXT, McCABE'S SALOON NIGHT
text: He steps from the porch and moves toward the SOUNDS emit-
dialog: ting from Sheehan's saloon, :
scene_heading: TRUCKING SHOT McCABE
text: as he walks along, knowing he's in danger, yet determined
text: to carry.it out, When he has reached the front of
text: "Sheehan's," he stops and takes a hard look for signs
dialog: of ambush, They're all inside, :
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE McCABE
text: He strikes a match and lights a cigar, The match illumi-
text: mates the dead body of the young cowboy sprawled in the
dialog: street in the same position he died, McCabe needs no
text: second look to realize he's dead, He lights the cigar
text: and moves toward "Sheehan's,"
dialog: 225.
dialog: 14,
scene_heading: INT, "SHEEHAN'S"
text: Mai Ling and Cindy are flirting and laughing with Kid end
text: Breed, their backs to the door, Sheehan is behind the bar
text: and Butler is seated at a table, a bottle of whiskey at
text: his elbow, McCabe enters the saloon and stands in the
text: doorway for.a BEAT before anyone sees him, Butler sees him
text: first and smiles, wondering what the hell McCabe is up to,
text: Sheehan.sees him soon after and his face is crossed quickly
text: with fear, Seeing it, Kid turns around, reaching for his
text: guns out of habit -- but they are not there and there is a
text: great bruise around his eye, and his face is swollen gro-
text: tesquely, Breed turns around and glides away from Kid,
text: positioning himself against the wall to the rear of Butler,
speaker_heading: BUT
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You got me to thank for your life,
dialog: Pudgy. If I hadn't taken my Kid's
dialog: . guns away...
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: I ain't no kid of yours,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: This conversation's for grown ups,
dialog: sonny, Find somsthing to do,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: He stays,
text: McCabe shrugs, Walks in carefully, displaying the fact
dialog: that he's unarmed,
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: Guess IT don't have to ask who
dialog: shot down that cowboy,
text: Mai Ling and Cindy start to move toward the door,
text: McCabe tips his hat, careful to show Butler there is no
dialog: gun in it, : .
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Please stay, ladies, -- I came over
dialog: to buy the house a drink,
text: Sheehan is greatly affected by McCabe's audacity,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: Don't believe him -- it's a trick,
speaker_heading: : , McCABE:
dialog: Set ‘em up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 225 (Cont ,)
dialog: “225,
text: Sheehan looks to Butler who nods, Sheehan sets up glasses
dialog: ‘Land pours,
dialog: All drink,
text: McCabe proposes a toast, ~
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: (continuing )
dialog: Gentlemen, I give you Presbyterian
dialog: Church, . .
speaker_heading: . BUTLER:
dialog: Hell, Pudgy -- I was figuring: on
dialog: taking it, tomorrow,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I make it to be tomorrow my own
dialog: self,
speaker_heading: SHEEBAN:
dialog: I propose a toast to the departures
dialog: of Mr, McCabe,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Sorry, boys, -- can't drink to that one,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Hell, you don't think you'll come out
dialog: of it alive, do you?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Everything accounted for, I'd say the
dialog: odds against me were fifteen-to-one,
dialog: The first
speaker_heading: SHEEEAN::
dialog: Fifteen-to-one! You sure don't rate
dialog: yourself too high now, do you?
dialog: part of this remark is directed at Kid,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Hell I'm bound to take somebody with
dialog: me, +- I make the odds fifteen-to-one
dialog: against me not getting shot, Shot
dialog: good, And you gentlemen know that
dialog: the mining company ain't going to
dialog: send no doctor up from Bearpaw,
text: Sheehan ‘calculates the odds, then looks around the room,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Ain't 1t nice the man's giving up
dialog: tbe true odds, -- Who's gonna take
dialog: mm:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116,
speaker_heading: 225 (Cont,1)
speaker_heading: . MeCABE:
dialog: I an,
text: Butler rises, crosses to McCabe,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: What are the odds of you getting out
dialog: of here alive?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Good, Damn good, You're supposed
dialog: to make a’ fight out of it, Butler,
dialog: Make the Company look good, If you
dialog: don't, you probably won't get your
dialog: money,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: How do you know I ain't been paid
dialog: already?
dialog: ‘. McCABE;
dialog: . Prom the Company? <= Not on your
dialog: tintype, --~ Besides, if you had
dialog: any money, I believe you'd take the
dialog: bet,
dialog: (to Sheehan)
dialog: You seem to like the odds, why
dialog: don't you bet them?
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: I'd say that at fifteen-to-one, you
dialog: all got a pretty good bet.
speaker_heading: SHEEH.
dialog: Hell, I couldn't cover * pteteen-to-
dialog: one -- not with all the money he
dialog: stole here,
speaker_heading: “ McCABE:
dialog: Tell you what I'll do, Sheehen,
dialog: I'll take five-to-one that I get
dialog: every one of these sons-of-bitches,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: That's an even better bet,
speaker_heading: . SHEEHAN:
dialog: How much will you bet?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Five hundred dollars to your twenty-
dialog: five hundred,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: Nee
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 225 (Cont ,2)
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: Cash? -
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Cash,
speaker_heading: SHEER AN:
dialog: Eell, I don't have no sum like that
dialog: om hand, I might could scrape up
dialog: fifteen hundred dollars,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Get it,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: - Where's yours?
text: McCabe pats his jacket pocket, moves to the table end
text: spreads his money on top, Sheehan moves into the back
dialog: room,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You wish to be included, Mr, Butler?
text: Butler moves to the table,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: I do have a little set aside for
dialog: my old age, I'11 let you hold it
dialog: for awhile, Five hundred,
text: McCabe covers Butler's five hundred with a hundred of his
text: own, The Kid moves to the table,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: Who's going to hold the stakes?
speaker_heading: . BUTLER:
dialog: Dealer holds the stakes, Kid,
speaker_heading: EID:
dialog: Yat if he tries to run out with
dialog: t
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: (grins)
dialog: We'll think of something,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: I"ll take twenty-five,
speaker_heading: , BREED:
dialog: Me, too,
speaker_heading: (CONT INUED }
speaker_heading: 225 (Sont.3) 8
dialog: 226,
dialog: 227,
dialog: 1218,
text: Sheehan returns with his money,
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN:
dialog: Twelve hundred in cash and three
dialog: hundred in gold, .
text: He spills it on the table, McCabe counts and stacks it
text: expertly while Butler atands smiling,
speaker_heading: . McCABE:
dialog: Pour hundred and ten,
text: He counts it all out, then stacks the entire Presbyterian
text: Church wager and atuffs it into his pocket, McCabe pours
text: a drink, tosses it off, sets his derby, smiles,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Gentlemen?
text: He turns toward the door, Butler right with him, When
text: they reach the threshold, Butler speaks confidentially,
text: tapping the pocket where McCabe put the money,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: You keep the money right there,
dialog: Pudgy, Sots I'll know whose body.
dialog: to take it off of,.,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: T'1l see you tomorrow,
speaker_heading: . BUTLER;
dialog: You might.., You know Pudgy, I got
dialog: @ good look at your woman,,,
text: McCabe exits, ignoring the Implication, and we,
speaker_heading: DISSOLYE :T0:°
scene_heading: EXT, FOOTBRIDGE NIGHT
text: As McCabe, armed now with both his pistol and shotgun,
text: moves warily across the distance between his saloon and
text: Mrs, Miller's, It bas begun to rain and McCabe wears a
text: slicker, He climbs the stairs and knocks at the door,
text: at the same time twist the knob, The door is unlocked
dialog: and McCabe enters, +98 °
scene_heading: INT, MRS, MILLER'S BEDROOM BIcet
text: She is on the bed fully clothed -- as th h she were
text: waiting for him, McCabe removes his slicker, revealing
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119,
speaker_heading: 227 (Cont.)
text: 7 that he's still very well dressed, Mrs, Miller is glad;
dialog: Felieved to see him, .
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You look nice, except for that damn
dialog: pistol, And a shotgun, Jesus!
dialog: Couldn't you leave it home on your...
text: Their eyes meet, Neither wants to complete the sentence,
speaker_heading: McCABE: —
dialog: It wouldn't do no good, Constance,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I guess not, Especially since
dialog: - that bet, Why did you heve to
dialog: go and make that bet?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Den't make no difference, I'ma
dialog: gambler, Constance, Might as
dialog: well sweeten the pot, make it good,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: I don't know how you got the nerve
dialog: to go over there,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Did I ever tell you about the time
dialog: that I got caught by Indians?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You are crazy,
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: They came up on me, but I had smelled
dialog: them first so when they came I was
text: smoking a cigar, They walked around
dialog: me for awhile acting crazy so I raised
dialog: my hand, I told them I was sorry, but
dialog: T couldn't fight them right now until
dialog: after I had finished my cigar, but
dialog: thet when I was thropeh, I'd be croas-
dialog: ing the river downstream about a half-
dialog: a-mile, I knew them Indians wouldn't
dialog: Pass up no chance for an ambush, so
dialog: when they went down there, I rode out
dialog: the other way,
speaker_heading: CONSTARCE:
dialog: What the hell has that got to do with
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 227, (Cont ,1) 4
speaker_heading: . MoCABE:
dialog: Just showing you that it ain't
dialog: easy to massacre me,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: What should I do, make a side bet?
speaker_heading: : MoCABE:
dialog: I don't want you to worry none,
dialog: Ho matter what happens, they ain't
dialog: going to be in no shape to bother
dialog: you;
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Me? -- What the hell could they do
dialog: to me that hasn't already been done,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: You got a worried leok on you,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch, don't you
dialog: think I could be worried about
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: This is no time for an argunent,
text: McCabe takes out his pistol and checks it; then begins
text: flipping it from hand to hand,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Will you, for crissakes, put that
dialog: thing away!
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I didn't know it meant that much,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: You know I hate the goddamn thing!
text: He puts it away.
speaker_heading: MeCABE: ra
dialog: I'm sorry, 7 me
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE: : 7 = ee
dialog: I bet you are,
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: McCABE: wine
dialog: I mean it. I'm really sorry, ...
dialog: Constance,
dialog: 
dialog: \,
dialog: a
dialog: 121,
speaker_heading: 227 (Cont.2) ;
dialog: 228,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: It doesn't make any difference
dialog: now, I tried all I kmow to get
dialog: .you to leave,
speaker_heading: MeCABE:
dialog: I ain't no good at seying I'm sorry,
dialog: T ain't never been this close to
dialog: somebody,
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: I told you, it doesn't make any
dialog: difference,
speaker_heading: MeCaBE:
dialog: It does to me,
dialog: This last, somehow soft,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: (continuing }
dialog: You better take them clothes off
dialog: and get under the covers,
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: You didn't get any invitation,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: I'm asking for one, now, If I
dialog: 2 knew how to do Romeo and Juliet,
dialog: I'd do it, == And please turn
text: the lights down, too,
text: She dims the light very low, They are little more than
text: silhouettes, now,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as they undress together in the near darkness, CAMERA,
text: as before misses their nudity, avoiding it, not coming
text: close to it really, as IT MOVES from figure to figure as
text: they undress together. She pauses in her undressing,
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Please don't stop, I got things
dialog: _, T have got to say to you,
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: It's fust that you never asked me
dialog: anything nicely before,
text: She resumes undressing and slips under the covers,
dialog: 229."
dialog: 230.
speaker_heading: “CLOSE MeCABE .
dialog: o
text: He is undressed except for his long johns. Though the light
text: is dim, we see that McCabe's hand is poised at the top button
text: of his underwear. He begins to unbutton.
scene_heading: CLOSE MRS. MILLER
text: She has been holding her breath to see if he will remove his
text: longs. He slips under the covers and snuggles against her
dialog: tightly.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: John. You don't have to say another
dialog: word,
speaker_heading: . MoCABE:
dialog: -If it were daytime, I'd go and pick
dialog: you wild flowers. -- Turn the light
dialog: up a little. I want to see you.
text: She reaches up and turns it a little brighter, His arms are
text: around her and one hand strokes her hair. Ee feels something
dialog: irregular.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Just here your hair feels funny.
dialog: I've never felt it before,
speaker_heading: . CONSTANCE:
dialog: I was working with a whiskey wagon
dialog: one winter and there was no place to
dialog: sleep-except outside, It got frozen
dialog: to the ground and they.had to chop it
dialog: with an are,
text: He kisses her hair right there, And then her eyes and her
text: shoulder and her lips and her ears and she kisses him back,
dialog: John. Now! CONSTANCE:
dialog: ohn. Now. .
speaker_heading: MoCABE: .
dialog: Listen to me, Constance, Listen to me.
dialog: I got poetry in me if you would only
dialog: listen to me. -- All my life I been
text: walking around with a block of ice in-
dialog: side me, I've wanted to feel your
dialog: body warm for me sometimes so bad that
dialog: the ache. for it nearly busts me. I
dialog: never wanted to do nothing but put a
dialog: amile on your face. Oh God, how I
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Nae”
dialog: “2ee
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: 230 (Cont.)
dialog: 231.
dialog: 232.
dialog: 233.
speaker_heading: MeCaBE: (Cont. )
dialog: hate for them bastards to put their
dialog: bands on you. Jesus, how I used to
dialog: hate being over there when I knew
dialog: some son-of-a-bitch was with you
dialog: over here. Oh, God, Constance --
dialog: “ you ain't nothing but the best looker
dialog: I ever seen...
dialog: But the words, THE words, just don't come, He's trying to
dialog: say "I love you" end trying not to say it too. Constance
text: reaches up and dims the light again.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE:
dialog: Love me, John. Love me...
text: and they begin, CAMERA MOVING AWAY from them, FLOATING,
text: MOVING to the window and the pouring rain and the rain's
text: SOUND mixed with those of McCabe end Mrs. Miller...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MRS. MILLER'S BEDROOM NIGET
text: Tt is still raining. McCabe stands at the window looking out
text: toward his saloon thoughtfully. He's fully dressed including
text: slicker and carries his shotgun. Bebind him, Mrs. Miller is
text: asleep on the bed. He turns and looks at her for « time,
text: then opens the door and steps out into the rain. CAMERA
text: TRUCKS with McCabe as he moves carefully down the ‘steps,.
text: ducking under them when he gets to the bottom and looking
text: intently through the rain toward his saloon. He stares for
dialog: t 7ene time trying to determine if everything is as he had
dialog: 2 t.
scene_heading: P.0.V. M6CABE'S
text: Through the steps, CAMERA ts McCabe's eyes. A light shines
text: behind the shade in his bedroom. Other lights have been left
text: burning within the saloon, No movement can be seen behind
text: any of the windows. CAMERA searches for signs of ambush and
dialog: finds nothing,
speaker_heading: ANGLE McCABE
text: Moving out and toward the foot bridge, ita wetness reflecting
text: the tiny amount of light from the saloon. MeCabe decides not
text: to use it and he slides down the side of the muddy diteh,
text: filling now from the steady rain, and acrambles up the bank
text: on the other side,
dialog: 234.
dialog: 235.
dialog: 236.
dialog: 237.
dialog: 238.
dialog: 239.
dialog: 224.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: MoCabe runs silently to the dark wall between the office door
text: and the stairway leading to his bedroom. He stops there and
text: stares up toward his bedroom door trying to look through it.
text: Finally he moves to the stairway, but stops just short of
text: stepping up to move around on the ground and check the STEP
dialog: be had raised the other day. It hes been depressed. The
text: weight of something has forced it almost back to the atep's
text: original position, McCabe moves away back to the step's
text: original position, McCabe moves away from the stairway,
text: CAMERA PANNING, and reenters the ditch.
scene_heading: INT. "McCABE'S"
text: THREE CUTS, OF KID, waiting in the saloon, dividing his time
text: between watching the door for McCabe's entrance -- and watch-
text: ing himself in the mirror above the bar. OF BREED, standing
text: to one side of the office window, shotgun pointed toward the
text: door, OF BUTLER, seated on McCabe's bed, the long Sharps
text: between his legs, its butt resting on the floor,
speaker_heading: THE DITCH
text: As McCabe moves away from the Saloon, the town's main bridges
text: spans the ditch some yards from "McCabe's." He moves under
text: it in the muddy water and scrambles up the slippery bank on
dialog: the other side,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: McCabe crouches at the corner of the Main Street side of the
text: bridge. His saloon is behind hin now, down to his right,
text: He looks around carefully, then moves out,
text: NEW ANGLE FROM THE CHURCH
text: as McCabe crosses the street on the dead run, opens the church
text: door and enters quickly,
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH MecCABE
text: Out of breath, Toeling hunted, he leans back against the door
dialog: listening for the slightest sound of danger, Wothing. Wow
text: fre begins to look around the inside of the church end « look
text: of amazement crosses his face,
dialog: 243.
dialog: 2k6.
dialog: 247.
dialog: 248,
dialog: od
dialog: 125,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Elliott's church is nothing more than a shell, a facade.
text: There ts no floor, no pews, no pulpit. Absolutely barren,
text: except for a- ladder. The ground has not even been cleared,
text: Stumps and boulders are still there and in one corner a
text: messy area can. be seen where Elliott sleeps. McCabe moves
text: to the ladder and looks up.
speaker_heading: P.0.V, McCAEESS —
text: The ladder leads to the bell tower.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
dialog: If McCabe has thoughts about Elliott's church, they will have
text: to be examined later. He starta to climb the ladder, but
text: finds it impossible to negotiate carrying the cumbersome shot-
text: gun. He leans it against the bottom of the ladder and climbs,
speaker_heading: BELL TOWER
text: The highest point in the town: of Presbyterian Church. From
text: here, McCabe can see the town as he has never before seen it,
scene_heading: P.0.V¥.:McCABE'S WHAT KE SEES
text: His saloon and the other buildings along Main Street are
text: facing him. Across from them, the abandoned mines, the
text: government building at the far end. "Sheehan's" saloon can.
text: be seen across the pond at one end of Main Street, Following
text: along the back street up from "Sheehan's" he sees the livery
text: stable, a few dwellings and shops, the rear of Mrs. Miller's
text: "house" separated from "McCabe's" by the ditch. The bath
text: house, the mines beyond it, and the shacks of the Chinese
text: “section down the slope. There is no movement of any kind,
speaker_heading: WITH McCABE
text: Most of his energy is concentrated on his place. It's begin-
text: ‘ning to grow lighter, Rain has slowed. Gray day.
scene_heading: INT. McCABE'S BEDROOM
text: Butler grows impatient. He stands, moves toward the door
dialog: leading to the saloon, ot
dialog: 249.
dialog: 250.
dialog: 251.
scene_heading: ‘INT. SALOON WITH KID
dialog: 126,
dialog: <
text: He has just draw and shot down several. imaginary foes in the
text: mirror, Butler appears at the top of the stairs, watchiags->-
speaker_heading: BUTLER: .
dialog: Any of them faster than the cowboy?
text: He moves down into the saloon,
speaker_heading: BUT: 3
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Breed!
text: He appears from the office,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: I'm tired of waiting for the prairie
text: dog to poke his head up.
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: I knew he'd leave town when he got
dialog: that money,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: (tgnores him)
dialog: He's here somewhere. I know it.
dialog: We're going to have to get out and
dialog: find him. But first I want to shoot
dialog: up the place.
text: Without a word, Breed steps to the center of the room and
text: fires his SHOTGUN into the mirror, destroying tt. Kid,
text: following his lead, puts on a brilliant SHOOTING exhibition
text: using the bottles on ths back bar for bis targets. Butler
text: sits calmly watching them as they systematically shoot up
dialog: and destroy "John Q. McCabe's,"
scene_heading: EXT. BELL TOWER McCABE
text: Listens stoically as his place 1s shot to pleces. When ths
text: firing stops, McCabe looks down toward his saloon.
scene_heading: EXT. McCABE'S SALOON , DAYBREAK
text: The three men move out onto the street.
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: We'll split up. Move around the
text: town from different directions.
dialog: 252.
dialog: 253.
dialog: 254.
dialog: 2s.
dialog: 256.
dialog: 257.
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: P.0.V.. MoCABE!S
text: He's too high up to hear, but Butler's gestures make it plain
dialog: that they are splitting the town up between them for the
text: search. Butler and Breed leave Kid on Main Street and walk
text: across the bridge, splitting up on the other side of it.
dialog: Breed will begin his search at Mrs. Miller's, and that whole
text: street, and Butler apparently will begin his in the Chinese
dialog: section.
speaker_heading: ANGLE MeCABE .
text: His eyes follow the direction we have seen Butler take. Now
text: they move in the opposite direction...
scene_heading: P.0.V...MsCABE'S
text: Breed, as he moves down from Mrs, Miller's street, beginning
text: his search on the opposite side of the street, gliding in and
text: out of shadows, shotgun ready, missing nothing. CAMERA MOVES
text: OFF him, PANS TO MAIN STREET where Kid can be seen beginning
text: bis search. CAMERA ZOOMS TO KID as he moves away from
text: CAMERA, his back to us.
scene_heading: BELL TOWER McCABE
text: He's looking in the direction of Kid calculating the risks
text: of getting him first. He makes up his mind and ateps down
dialog: ento the ladder,
text: BOOM SHOT WITH McCABE
text: as he climbs down the ladder and into the eerie hollowness
text: of the church itself. He reaches the bottom and reaches
text: around for the shotgun.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE CLOSER
text: McCabe crouches down feeling the dirt floor to see if it has
text: fallen, He can't find it. His face clouds, expression
text: puzzled. He rises, CAMERA MOVING WITH.HIM. As McCabe turns
text: away from the ladder, ANGLE WIDENS TO REVEAL the SHOTGUN,
text: held by someone unseen. It is pointed directly into McCabe's
text: face, about three inches away, McCabe cannot tear bis eyes
text: from the yawning holes of the double-barrelied abotgun.
text: McCabe's life begins to flaeh in front of him. When we can
dialog: no longer stand it, and the gun ls not fired, nor a word
text: spoken, McCabe raises his eyes.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: Soo. (CONPINTED)
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: 257 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: ' MeCABE:
dialog: Give me that shotgun, you bible-
dialog: back son-of-a-bitch., What the hell
dialog: do you think you're doing?
scene_heading: 258. ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: 259.
dialog: 260. -
text: To see that Elliott is holding the shotgun - and wanting to
text: pull the trigger. He doesn't relinquish it.
speaker_heading: McCaBE:
dialog: Listen Elliott, I need thet gun.
dialog: Those men will kill me if I don't
dialog: have that gun. I mean it, I can't
dialog: get close enough to them if I don't
dialog: have that gun. Godammit, what are
dialog: you going to do?
text: Elliott pushes the shotgun closer to McCabe, who moves back
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON McCABE
text: Shotgun barrel in the fig.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: If you pull that trigger, it's going
dialog: to bring this fight right in here.
dialog: T']l be dead, but those three men
dialog: will come shooting. They'll put holes
dialog: in your church, Elliott. Shoot out
text: the windows, bullets will tear up the
dialog: ‘door, They already done the same thing
dialog: to my vlace when they imew I wasn't in
dialog: there. What do you think they'll do
dialog: if they think I'm in here. Give me
dialog: the gun. -~ Itii take the fight away
dialog: from here. They won't shoot it up if
dialog: I'm gone -- can't you see that? --
dialog: Por crissakes Elliott, give me the gun!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Elliott pushes the barrel into McCabe's face, forcing him
text: toward the door. When both men have moved near it, Elliott
text: @estures with the shotgun for McCabe to leave.
dialog: . . McCABE:
dialog: This is the seme as kiliing me,
dialog: I can't go up against them without
dialog: the gun... It's murder. That's a
speaker_heading: sin... (ConriNvED)
dialog: 229,
speaker_heading: 260 (Cont.)
dialog: 261.
dialog: 262.
dialog: 263.
dialog: 264.
dialog: 265.
dialog: 266,
dialog: 267.
text: The next gesture Elliott makes with the gun is one that con-
text: vinces McCabe that he better leave while he can. He makes
text: a@ gesture with his hands as if warding off something, turns
text: and exits quickly.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ELLIOTT
text: as he raises his eyes toward heaven with great triumph..
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH
text: McCabe allows himself a moment of great relief, but only a
text: moment. His slicker makes too much noise now that the rain
text: has diminished some. He shucks it off, moves to the corner
text: of the church and takes his gun from his holster, He looks
text: at it for a beat; the hand gun is all he has,
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: McCabe peeks around the corner and looks down the street
text: toward Kid, whose back is to McCabe as he stands peering
text: between two buildings, having moved only scant yards from
text: where we last saw him. McCabe carefully sights his Colt in
dialog: Kid's direction. _ 0
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE McCABE
dialog: He would like to put a bullet in the kid's back, but the
text: @istance is too great. He looks o.s. toward the corner of
dialog: the bridge. .
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGIE .
text: Kid doesn't turn around as McCabe is seen in the far b.g.
text: running across the street to gain the cover of the bridge.
text: Kid moves off down the street a few paces,
speaker_heading: ANGLE McCABE
text: Again he has sighted Kid's back, but the few paces he has
text: pored down the street again increased the distance too much
dialog: or a shot. :
scene_heading: P.0.V, GUN BARREL
text: as it is sighted on the Kid's back. McCabe raises the barrel,
text: sighting over the Kid; an impossible shot,
dialog: 268,
dialog: 269.
dialog: 271.
dialog: 272.
dialog: 273.
dialog: 27k.
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: ANGLE McCABE
text: Realizing that he must again close the distance between them.
text: He looks long at the Kid trying to anticipate his moves.
speaker_heading: ANGLE KID
text: His guns are drawn and he nervously cocks and re-cocks them,
speaker_heading: ANGLE McCABE
text: Tt is the SOUND of the guns being cocked that helps McCabe
text: make up his mind to try and cross behind him,
speaker_heading: WITH KID
text: Standing still now, watching, cocking and re-cocking, tensed
text: to spin around at the slightest sound. Behind him, McCabe
text: runs from the cover of the bridge, trying to cover the SOUND
text: of the mid sucking at his boots by timing his steps to the
text: SOUND of the Kid's fiddling with his guns. When McCabe takes
text: one too many steps and the SOUND of the mid sucking after his
text: bocts is startling, Kid hears it. He cocks both his guns,
text: but there's a moment when the Kid is afraid to turn around --
dialog: and afraid not to.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: McCabe has his gun out at arm's length in front of him. When
text: he cocks it, the SOUND triggers Kid into spinning around,
text: te his eyes don't find McCabe in the rain before McCabe
dialog: res,
speaker_heading: ANGLE KID
text: Hit in the stomach by McCabe's bullet. He falls backward.
dialog: (groans )
dialog: Oh.
text: Both his guns fire as he hits the ground and he tries re-
text: peatedly to get back up.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: McCabe is running as fast as he can toward the barber shop,
text: phe mud sucking at his boots, the only SOUND since the gun-
dialog: re.
dialog: os
dialog: 275.
dialog: 276.
dialog: 277.
dialog: 278.
dialog: 279,
dialog: 280.
dialog: 261.
scene_heading: “ANGLE BUTLER .
dialog: 131,
dialog: “
text: In the Chinese section as he hears the shots and runs in the
dialog: direction of them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE BREED
text: Stepping from the shadows on the other street, darting across
text: it at the side of the whorehouse and running across the foot
dialog: bridge.
speaker_heading: ANGLE McCABE
text: He has reached the boards in front of the barber shop, but
text: just as he steps up, the mud nearly pulls his boots off, In
text: the near b.g., Kid, covered with mud, hat off, propped up on
text: one elbow steadying his gun hand with the other, FIRES. The
text: bullet hits McCabe in the leg. He falls, gets to his feet,
text: forces the lock off the barber shop door and literally falls
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT, BARBER SHOP McCABE
text: ‘He crawls to the barber chair, pulls himself up into it and
text: holds his leg, grimacing with pain, Blood pours from the
dialog: wound.
scene_heading: EXT, STREET BUTLER
text: Runs across the bridge. He stops to look down the street,
text: then runs to the corner of the church. Covered now, Butler
text: peeks around the corner for a look.
scene_heading: P.0,V, BUTLER'S THE STREET
text: About half-way down, Kid lies moaning in the street. Breed
text: comes in sight and starts to move across the street.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Butler sees him,
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: {yeliing)
dialog: Stay on that side, you son-of-a-bitch!
dialog: He's on this street, I know it, <<
dialog: T'll take the other side,
dialog: 7
dialog: 262,
dialog: 263.
dialog: 264.
dialog: 285.
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE BUTLER
text: At the front of the church as Elliott, attracted by the
text: ahouting, blunders outside. A lantern is in his hand and
text: the shotgun. Butler turns and FIRES immediately, one shot,
speaker_heading: cLosz ELLIOTT:
text: Butler's bullet has struck him vitally. As life drains from
dialog: his eyes,
speaker_heading: ELLIOTT:
dialog: You fucking son-cf-a-bitch.
dialog: You fucking son-of-a-bitch.
dialog: You fucking son-of-a-bitch.
dialog: You fucking son-of-a-bitch, -
text: He falls backward against the door of the church, his lantern
text: smashing against it, and kerosene-fed flames licking at the
text: wooden timbers.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Butler leaves the church without looking back, running down
text: Main Street on the opnosite side of "McCabe's", where Breed
text: can be seen cautiously passing the shot-out windows,
text: Butler waves him further down.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE KID
text: in the f.g., his leg kicking uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: God help me. Please God, help me...
text: Butler moves ir near hin, looking everywhere at once. Be-
text: hind them the church is beginning to show signs of fire.
speaker_heading: BUTIER:
dialog: Where is he, Kid?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: - KID: —
dialog: Help me. Help me. BT
speaker_heading: : BUTLER: + ae ameter —
dialog: Sure. Sure. Where is he? Just point. 7
speaker_heading: EXD: , .
dialog: Get me a doctor. It hurts. i or
speaker_heading: “{comTINvED )
speaker_heading: NGat
dialog: -
dialog: 133.
dialog: 285 Cont.) . *
dialog: . , BUTIER: .
dialog: Just show me where he went,
speaker_heading: KID:
dialog: Help me. Help me, .
speaker_heading: BUTLER:
dialog: 286,
dialog: 287.
dialog: 288,
dialog: 289.
dialog: 290,
dialog: 21.
dialog: Shit...
text: His pleas for help continue, grow fainter, then vanish over
dialog: the following:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Butler moves to a building for cover, He watches Breed,
text: moving down the street on the other side,
speaker_heading: P,O.V, BUTLER'S
text: Breed is one building away from the barber shop and moving
text: slowly toward it,
scene_heading: “INT. BARBER SHOP McCABE
text: He has lost an enormous amount of blood. It drips steadily
text: on the floor beneath the barber chair where he is still
text: seated, Outside, the day is very gray without suniight and
text: McCabe can see the fire of Elliott's church reflected in
text: the windows across the street, Something else he sees
text: causes McCabe to spin the chair around.
speaker_heading: P.O.V. McCABE'S
text: CAMERA HOLDS, then 700MS TO THE WINDOWS ACROSS THE STREET,
text: And Breed's reflection in the glass as he acoroaches the
text: barber shoo, He takes several steps, then stovs, Several
text: more, then stops,
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP WITH MeCABE
text: He's waiting. Gun pointed through the glass where Breed must
dialog: pass,
scene_heading: EXT. STREET WITH BREED
text: Ee has gained the corner of the barber shop -- then suddenly
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 291 (Cont.)
dialog: 292.
dialog: 293.
dialog: 294.
dialog: 295.
dialog: 296,
dialog: 297.
text: he seems to lose his place. He walks along right in front
text: of the glass, looking down at the footprints and McCabe's
text: blood spilled at the doorway. -~ Then he realizes, too late,
text: that he is standing in front of the window. He turns, as
text: though to face the bullets that McCabe pumps into him, send-
text: ing him-staggering out into the street.
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP
text: Hobbling, bleeding badly, McCabe struggies for the back door,
text: finding it locked from the outside. McCabe throws his
text: weight against it and it gives.
scene_heading: EXT. BARBER SHOP REAR DOOR
text: as it splinters, and McCabe loses his balance and pitches
text: into the mud, the pain more than he can dear, and groans
text: out loud with it. He struggles to his feet, dropping his
dialog: gun.
scene_heading: EXT, STREET BUTLER
text: Hearing the door and able to pin-point McCabe because of it.
text: He races up the street toward the bridge. —
scene_heading: EXT, DITCH AREA MecCABE
text: He and Butler are moving in the same airection., The ditch
text: is more shellow here than it is behind his place,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: McCabe running, falling, bleeding, almost unrecognizable
text: except that his derby has somehow remained on his head. In
text: the b.g. the burning church can be seen and the reflection
text: of it dances in the ditch water.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Include the bridge, the church, the footbridge, "McCabe's" --
text: and McCabe struggling to stay alive. Butler appears on the
text: bridge, the fire behind him making him look ommipotent. He
text: brings his Sharps to his shoulder and FIRES. MeCabe pitches
text: inte the aren and ites, stil in the shallow water of it.
text: er can't see him well enough to fire again and
text: the bridge toward him, a “6 anc Tune off
dialog: 298.
dialog: 299.
dialog: 300.
dialog: 301.
dialog: 302.
dialog: 135.
scene_heading: “ANOTHER ANGLE 4
text: Butler runs to the spot where’ McCabe pitched into the ditch.
text: Nearing the edge, he keeps his rifle ready, but looking down,
text: decides it isn't necessary. Patrick Sheehan appears on the
text: bridge in the b.g. and runs toward the ditch, when Butler
dialog: sets down the Sharps. , /
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON McCABE
text: Derby floating upside down in the dirty and reddening water,
text: McCabe is grotesquely sprawled in the filthy ditch, apparent-
text: ly lifeless.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE BUTLER, McCABE
text: as he steps down into the ditch, laughing. He turns McCabe
text: over in the ditch so he can reach the pocket where he knows
text: the money is, Butler sees the instrument of his death a
text: moment before it kills him. The sleeve of McCabe's right
text: arm has concealed, until now, a tiny derringer held in a
text: device often used by gamblers. The bullet from it enters
text: Dog Butler's brain through the eye and he dies with the
text: amile on his face,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE WIDER
text: Sheehan rushes to the ditch, as McCabe starts to pull bim-
text: self out of the mad. He can't believe McCabe is alive.
speaker_heading: McCABE:
dialog: Sheehan ~~ You never was much of a
dialog: gambler.
text: Sheehan, in a frenzy, picks up the Sharps and fire it into
dialog: Pudgy McCabe, .
scene_heading: INT. WHOREHOUSE UPSTAIRS
text: as Cindy knocks repeatedly on Mrs. Miller's bedroom dog,
text: Finally she opens it and looks in, then closes {t and moves
text: down the hall. Blanche sticks her head out the door or her
dialog: bedroom,
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: Where's Mrs. Miller?
speaker_heading: BLANCHE:
dialog: She isn't bere.
speaker_heading: . : (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Peer Ow LE ue tee
speaker_heading: 302 (Cont.)
dialog: 303.
dialog: 30k.
dialog: 305.
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: CINDY:
dialog: Somebody ought to tell her McCabe
dialog: is dead,
speaker_heading: . BLANCHE:
dialog: She isn't here,
text: She closes the door,
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE SECTION - DAY
text: A Chinaman moves into a half-wood, half-tent building.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING
text: It is a crude version of the kind of opium den we saw earlier
text: in Bearpaw. The Chinaman addresses the "Chef:"
speaker_heading: CHINAMAN:
dialog: (4n Chinese)
dialog: You will have a lot of customers today.
dialog: McCabe got killed a little while ago.
dialog: Of the. foregoing, the enly word we have understood, is
text: "McCabe." The "Cher" nods and moves with a lit pipe toward a
text: bed, CAMERA FOLLOWING, It's Mrs, Miller's second pipe ef the
text: day, at least, for she ts oblivious to her surroundings.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP
text: as Sumner Washington carries in the filthy and shattered body
text: of John Quincy McCabe and sets hin in the barber chair,
text: Several men have followed him in, AD LIBBING their garbled
text: secount of what bappened., -ANOTHER MAN rushes in from the
dialog: street,
speaker_heading: MAN:
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: SUMNER:
dialog: I an going to give Mr. McCabe a
dialog: fresh sheve, .
speaker_heading: MAN:
dialog: Throw a bucket of water on him, for
dialog: Grissakes, They want him over to
dialog: ‘Sheehan's* for pictures.
dialog: 307.
dialog: 308. -
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: EXT. "SHEEHAN'S SALOON"
text: McCabe is propped up in « chefr in the f.g. CAMERA PULLS
text: ‘BACK TO REVEAL a PHOTOGRAPHER working inside a bleck
dialog: sloth. -
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER:
dialog: Hold still.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE PAST McCABE TO SHEEHAN
text: A, smell group of townspeople sre gathered.
speaker_heading: SHEEHAN :
dialog: Nobody's gotts worry no more.
dialog: This sin't gonna be no one-men
dialog: town like it wes. Compeny'il be
dialog: comi: in end there's gonne be the
dialog: good life like it waa before he
dialog: came.
dialog: (deat)
dialog: Itll be ecting for the Company end we
dialog: you know you csn eslwsys get e square
dialog: sheke from Patrick Sheehan.
dialog: (best) : .
dialog: When you done with the pictures, ea
dialog: bunch of you cerry old Pudgy over to
dialog: the ice house. We gonna run him down
dialog: to Beerpaw end meke some money come
dialog: winter... .
text: CAMERA MOVES OPP RISING, PANNING until it stops once
text: again to view the remains of yet another corpse ea it
dialog: wes when first we sew it. Presbyterien Church.
speaker_heading: PADE OUT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
