dialog: 
scene_heading: MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA
scene_heading: EXT: JAPANESE SEACOAST. STORMY DAY. WIND. [WINTER]. *
text: DEAD LEAVES scatter from twisted, skeletal trees that toss in
text: the harsh wind on the cliffs above the water's edge.
text: Below the cliff at! the edge of the sea, VILLAGE WOMEN gather
text: fish laid to dry on wooden drying racks. The women hurry,
text: trying to escape the storm. In the rough waves, FISHERMEN
text: stand and pull in their nets. An OX is tethered to a wayward
text: boat, straining to pull it from the angry sea and safely to
dialog: shore.
text: Clinging to the edge of the cliff is a tiny ramshackle,
text: lopsided “tipsy house”. RAIN starts to batter its broken *
text: shingles. Cowering under the eaves, a frightened macaque. A
text: home-made windchime bangs, tinkling. A lantern glows behind
text: a patched rice-paper door. The CAMERA moves inside to the
text: soft muxmur of men speaking in JAPANESE:
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: *
dialog: (off-screen) *
dialog: You've done all that you can for *
dialog: you wife, Sakamoto-san *
scene_heading: INT. TIPSY HOUSE STORM. DAY. [WINTER].
text: TANAKA (50) and old SAKAMOTO (late 60s but seems older; *
text: weathered, bent) confer in whispers. SAKAMOTO’s wife, MOTHER *
text: (40) reclines, wrapped in a quilt. She is frail, her face
text: etched with pain. She opens her eyes briefly to drink a
dialog: medicinal tea: they are a silver color.
text: In secret, her daughters CBIYO (9, clean-limbed, delicate)
text: and SATSU (15, slow, earthy) listen behind a make-shift
scene_heading: screen. The TWO MEN continue in JAPANESE: *
speaker_heading: TANAKA . *
dialog: Have you made any provision for
dialog: your daughters?
speaker_heading: SAKAMOTO *
dialog: (his head bowed in shame) *
dialog: I've nothing left. Nothing. *
dialog: Without understanding Japanese, we still comprehend the grave *
dialog: situation. *
scene_heading: 1/6/05 DOUBLE GOLDENROD REVISION 2
text: Satsu grips little Chiyo‘s hand tightly:
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: You're not young. Like this house.
dialog: One good storm could carry you off.
text: Satsu turns away, she cannot bear to hear more. But little
text: Chiye desperately presses her ear against the “wall's
speaker_heading: SAKAMOTO
dialog: I've nothing left to offer them but
dialog: my prayers.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Let me take them; I will make
dialog: arrangements~.
text: Sakomoto eyes him with both alarm and regret.
speaker_heading: SAKAMOTO
dialog: I could never—-.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Any life would be better than the
text: one that awaits them here.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: uw
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 3
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 4-5
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT: TIPSY HOUSE. PRE-DAWN. WIND. [WINTER].
text: Abrupt awakening. In darkness Satsu and Chiyo are rudely :
text: roused. Sakamoto’s weathered old face distorted by the light
dialog: of his oil lamp. :
speaker_heading: SAKAMOTO
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Quiet!
dialog: +
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 6
scene_heading: EXT: TIPSY HOUSE AND CLIFF PATH. PRE~DAWN. WIND. [WINTER].
text: In the pelting rain, Sakamoto grimly lifts Chiyo into
text: Tanaka's wooden cart, handing her to Satsu. in front, Tanaka
text: takes the reins of the OX. Sakamoto lifts his lantern for a
text: final look as the cart pulls away. His old eyes fill with
dialog: tears. .
text: In Chiyo’s face, rainwater and sorrow stream together down
text: her face. The softly accented VOICE of 4 mature woman
text: narrates in ENGLISH: ~
speaker_heading: SAYURT’S VOICE
dialog: A story like mine should never be
dialog: told.
text: Chiyo is jolted about in the back as Tanaka's fish-stained
text: cart rattles over rough road.
speaker_heading: . SAYURI'S VOICE (cont‘d)
dialog: For my world is as forbidden as it
dialog: is fragile; without it’s mysteries,
dialog: it cannot survive.
text: Low-hanging branches whip the cart; Satsu pulis Chiyo close
text: to guard her from them. Tanaka urges the oxen onward.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE (cont’d)
dialog: My family lived in a tipsy house in
dialog: a tiny village called Yoroido on
dialog: the Sea of Japan. When I was born,
dialog: my father was already old. My
dialog: mother said he was like wood, as
dialog: rooted to the earth as an old
dialog: Sakura tree. But she and I were
dialog: like water. Water doesn't stay in
dialog: one place; it flows quickly--
text: The heavy oak wheels carve grooves through the mud. in the
text: driving rain, they fill with water, which courses in rivulets
text: across the ground, tiny rivers.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE {cont‘d)
dialog: -and when something blocks the way,
text: water makes a new path.
text: A RIVULET veers to one side rather than pass over a stone.
speaker_heading: ee eH
dialog: ** %
speaker_heading: ee oe eH
dialog: ee ee
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Ae EH
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 2
scene_heading: 1/6/05 DOUBLE GOLDENROD REVISION 6A
scene_heading: EXT: SMALL TOWN RAILWAY DEPOT. EARLY MORNING. [WINTER].
text: Chill gray light. A coal-fired TRAIN ENGINE--like a great,
text: black DRAGON, belching smoke, with one malevolent white eye--
text: idles on the platform. [Japanese sign: “Senzuru"].
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE
dialog: I certainly wasn’t born to the life
dialog: of a geisha.
text: MEN load mailbacs, boxes of dried fish, sacks of rice. Few
text: passengers are boarding. On the platform weits MR. BEKKU
text: (middle-aged, impersonal, coid).
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: Like so much in my strange life, 1
dialog: was carried there, by the current.
text: Tanaka greets Bekku, leaving Satsu and Chiyo huddled close to
text: each other, shivering in their bare feet. They hold hande
text: tightly. Tanaka makes the girls stand in front of Bekku:
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Bow to Mr. Bekku.
text: Satsu bows obedientiy, but Chiyo is too frightened; she just
text: Stares at Bekku, dumbstruck. His heori (jacket) & kimono are
text: of smooth silk; his hands as soft as a woman's.
speaker_heading: TANAKA {cont ‘d)
dialog: You too.
text: Shaken out of her stupor, Chiyo bows. When she raises her
text: head, Bekku notices her haunting silver eyes.
speaker_heading: MR. BEKKU
text: Hm. Curious eyes.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: I have my mother’s eyes.
speaker_heading: MR. BEKKU
dialog: (to Tanaka)
dialog: What are their names?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: She's Chiyo. Her eister is Satsu.
text: Bekku turns to Satsu and prods her.
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 6B
speaker_heading: MR. BERKKU
dialog: They're sisters? She looks like a
dialog: peasant next to this little one.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Their father does not want them to
dialog: be separated. ,
text: Bekku hands him an envelope and both men bow. Tanaka touches
text: the girls reassuringly, encouraging them:
speaker_heading: TANAKA (cont'd)
dialog: Be good.
dialog: 10
dialog: 121
dialog: 12
dialog: 43
dialog: 14
dialog: Als
dialog: 15
scene_heading: 1/6/05 DOUBLE GOLDENROD REVISION 7
text: Gripping their elbows, Bekku propels Satsu and Chiyo into the
text: train car. Chiyo tries to twist free, calis to Tanaka:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Tanaka-san!
text: Mr. Bekku jerks Chiyo on board.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: (calling after them)
dialog: Meta yo!.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT: TRAIN IN RURAL JAPAN. DAY. {WINTER].
text: The TRAIN winds through a megnificent vista of hilis and
text: trees still stark with winter.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSE ON TRAIN WHEELS - TRAIN ARRIVING MIYARO [WINTER]
text: Sparks fly from the train brakes, and the SOUND of metal
text: wheels scream agains metal tracks.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. TRAIN STATION - MIYAKO. EVENING. [WINTER].
text: Bekku and hie two tiny warde disembark from the train. He
text: ushers them through the bedlam of PASSENGERS, TRAIN OFFICIALS
text: and BAGGAGE RANDLERS. Bekku puts Satsu and Chiyo in the
text: RICKSHAW. He climbs in, wedging himself between Chiyo and
dialog: Satsu.
dialog: 10
dialog: il
dialog: 12
dialog: a3
dialog: a4
dialog: Al5
dialog: 15
dialog: J.
dialog: 17
scene_heading: EXT: RICKSHAW MOVING - STREETS OF THE HANAMACHI. MIYAKO. 16
scene_heading: NIGHT. [WINTER].
text: Chiyo keeps peeking past the huge form of Bekku, glimpsing
text: passing buildings and brightly-lit electrical signs.
text: POV image: A DISTINCTIVE TORII GATE spans the entrance to a
text: huge SHRINE, flanked by rows of HUGE WHITE PAPER LANTERNS.
dialog: They have crossed the winding river known as the Sonogawa;
text: they’re met by a crush of BICYCLES, HORSE-DRAWN CARTS,
text: RICKSHAWS, and AUTOMOBILES.
text: GROUPS of MEN in Western clothes and fedoras pass by the
text: YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE, its wall hung with lanterns and theatre
text: posters covered with Japanese & Chinese characters.
text: Chiyo curiously cranes to see more but Bekku shoves her back
text: and pins her firmly.
scene_heading: EXT: THE OKIYA - IN THE HANAMACHT. NIGHT. [WINTER}. 17
text: Narrow streets are crowded with shuttered wooden facades and
text: the silhouettes of low tiled roofs. The darkness is
text: punctuated by a few red lanterns in the near-distance.
speaker_heading: BEKKU
dialog: Sokode.
text: The rickshaw arrives at a wooden entrance gate. Bekku pulls
text: the girls from the rickshaw.
text: He slides open the gate. Chiyo sees a lantern hanging over a
text: wet stone courtyard, and beyond that, the entrance into a
text: traditional Japanese okiya. The door is open:
text: A mysterious female SILHOUETTE glides toward Chiyo, pauses.
text: Her shape moves into the light of the lantern above the path,
dialog: revealing:
text: HATSUMOMO (28), in full geisha regalia: Gorgeous kimono,
text: sensuously-upswept hair studded with dangling hair ornaments.
text: A mask of pearl-white make-up sets off a blood-red mouth and
text: large almond-shaped eyes rimmed with fluid black.
text: Behind her, AUNTIE (55) strikes a flint, “flinting” Hatsumomo
text: for luck; SPARKS rain upon her back.
dialog: 18
text: Bekku pushes the girls down onto the wet ground. Hatsumomo
text: steps imperiously past in her delicate sandals and pure white
text: tabi (gloves for the feet]. As she ‘sweeps by, Chiyo turns
text: her face up to watch:
text: The geisha’s fluid kimono sleeves slowly lift like dreamy
text: silken wings. She glides away like a butterfly of the night.
text: Auntie moves to the girls, cane in hand. She walks with a
text: slight limp, her hip jutting forward.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: These are the girls from Tanaka?
speaker_heading: BEKKU
dialog: Sisters, yes, from Yoroido.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: (peers at Chiyo)
dialog: This one maybe. The other one, no.
text: Bekku roughly yanks Satsu back into the rickshaw.
speaker_heading: BEKKU
dialog: Hayaku.
text: The DRIVER pulls away. Chiyo rushes into the street.
text: Crying, Satsu reaches out for her, but Auntie captures Chiyo.
text: The rickshaw flies on:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Satsu!
speaker_heading: SATSU
dialog: Chiyo-chan!
scene_heading: INT. OKIYA - MOTHER'S ROOM. NIGHT. [WINTER]. 18
text: Auntie slides back a door to the okiya.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Show your respect for Mother. You
dialog: must not speak; I will answer for
dialog: you.
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Okasan!
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: {from within)
dialog: Come in!
dialog: 10
text: Auntie pushes open ‘a shoji screen, revealing a dark room
text: where a RADIO plays. Through spirals of smoke, Chiyo can see
text: a neatly-coiffed woman kneeling before accounting books,
text: smoking a long traditional pipe: MOTHER (40s, business
text: woman). Auntie grips Chiyo and whispers:
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Kneel. And head down! Never look
text: her in the face.
text: Auntie shoves Chiyo's head down. Smoke streams from Mother‘s
text: nose as she appraises the grubby child. She motions: Closer.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: She is Year of the Rooster.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Only nine?
text: Mother makes: a dismissive sound and examines Chiyo‘’s dirty
text: feet. She pulls up Chiyo’s dress to look at her straight
text: legs; runs her thumb down Chiyo’s spine. Chiyo blurts:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Where is my sister?
text: Auntie claps a hand over her mouth. Mother looks at Chiyo:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Let me see those eyes.
text: Auntie stares. She hadn‘t noticed before.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont'd)
dialog: Too much water.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: But Okasan, a little water is good,
dialog: to guard against fire. You won’t
dialog: have to worry about the okiya
dialog: burning, and losing all your
dialog: kimono.
text: Mother considers this impassively. She gestures, Go on.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: These country girls. Too late to
dialog: send her back now.
dialog: 20
dialog: 11
scene_heading: DEEPER INSIDE THE OKIYA . 19
text: Auntie pushes Chiyo up a step-tansu into the darkness of the
text: second floor. Chiyo notices a door ajar and peers inside.
text: GRANNY reclines, an elderly figure with a balding crown and
text: decayed teeth speckled with gold fillings; her skin yellowish
text: and sagging. Her chin moves as she mumbles sutras under her
text: breath. Chiyo recoils.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Mm. Yes. Granny. This used to be
dialog: her okiya.
text: Auntie leads Chiyo down a dark crooked passageway.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: What happened to her skin?
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: (by way of explanation)
dialog: Lead. That old make-up was poison.
text: Auntie pushes Chiyo up a few small steps --
scene_heading: INT: MAID’S ROOM. SECOND FLOOR. NIGHT. [WINTER] 20
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Keep her quiet. Mother is
dialog: downstairs.
text: -- to PUMPKIN (11, round-faced, comic.) Auntie shuts the
text: door and Chiyo hears the bolt fall. She beats on the door --~
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Let me go! Let me go!
text: She weeps as Pumpkin tries to pull her away --
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: Shhh. Stop that. Mother will hear
dialog: you; she’s got a bamboo stick.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: I want my sister!
text: Pumpkin pulls Chiyo onto her futon, and muffles her sobs with
dialog: the quilt.
dialog: 21
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: I cried, too, at first.
dialog: You know, it is easier if you just
dialog: forget everything that happened
dialog: before you came to the okiya. If
dialog: you impress Mother, and do exactly
dialog: as she says--
dialog: (beaming at the
dialog: possibility)
dialog: --she will send you to school to be
dialog: a geisha!
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: A geisha. Like Hatsumomo! You
dialog: will get to drink sake, and sleep
dialog: until noon.
text: PUMPKIN grins encouragingly, and sticks her chest out. She
text: wears two braids, pinned to her scalp. One sticks up,
text: jaunty, like a stem.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN (cont‘d)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am Pumpkin.
dialog: And an apt name it is, given her hairstyle.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Where is my sister?
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: Probably in another okiya in the
dialog: Hanamachi.
dialog: {with painful clarity)
dialog: Your family sold you to this house.
dialog: You live here now.
text: As this sinks in, ON CHIYO’S FACE --
scene_heading: EXT: BACK OF OKIYA - NEXT DAY. DAWN. [WINTER]. 21
text: Shivering, Chiyo (naked) squats on the stones near the
text: privies, Auntie scrubs her feet with a hard brush. Mother
text: hands Chiyo her dark tabi (socks) and geta (rough wood
dialog: sandals.)
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: ) MOTHER
dialog: Inside, you wear these. Outside,
dialog: these. We don’t display our naked
text: feet like monkeys.
text: Next, Mother impatiently wraps Chiyo in a servant‘’s kimono.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Remember to always shut the shed
dialog: door, so the rats don’t get in. If
dialog: I ever find it open--even an inch--
dialog: it’s the bamboo stick for you. Now
dialog: get to work. Be quiet! Hatsumomo
text: is sleeping.
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Pumpkin!
scene_heading: 22 EXT. STORE ROOM & BACK GARDEN. DAY. [WINTER]. 22
text: Chiyo scrubs the stepping stones while Pumpkin cleans the
text: shed. Pumpkin explains in a whisper (which gets louder as
dialog: she continues):
speaker_heading: > YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: Two nights ago Hatsumomo had to
dialog: stay at the tea-house until dawn,
dialog: entertaining three Judges--and when
dialog: she got home, she cried, “I‘m sooo
dialog: tired!” And then she started--
text: (PUMPKIN makes a snoring
dialog: sound)
dialog: --and she knocked over a candle,
dialog: and it singed her kimono and her
dialog: futon started smoking, and Mother
dialog: came in and said, “Pumpkin! You
dialog: must stay awake, all night, so
dialog: Hatsumomo doesn’t burn down the
dialog: whole okiya!”
dialog: (a breath, and then)
dialog: When I am a geisha I will sleep as
dialog: late as I want. I will wear a
dialog: fancy kimono, and my hair will be
dialog: in a split-peach!
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: A what?
text: Pumpkin curls her tongue and sticks it out; it looks like a
text: “split peach.” Together, she and Chiyo giggle.
dialog: 23
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Why can’t you be QUIET?
text: Pumpkin freezes in terror. Even with tousled hair and
text: smudged mascara, Hatsumomo is gorgeous. She spies CHIYO
text: instantly, and gives her a long, slow appraisal.
speaker_heading: , HATSUMOMO (cont'd)
dialog: So this ‘is the’ new arrival? A pity
text: she still stinks of fish.
text: She lights a cigarette casually and moves toward Chiyo.
text: Mother steps. out onto the veranda:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont ‘d)
dialog: Hope you didn’t pay much for her,
dialog: Mother. Not with those eyes. Water
text: runs away.
text: Mother dumps her tobacco ashes into a bin:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I pay too much for all of you.
text: Mother leaves. Smiling, Hatsumomo bends down and tucks back
text: Chiyo’s hair, a sisterly gesture.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Stay out of my room. Your fingers
dialog: smell; I can’t have you touching my
dialog: things.
text: Her fingers linger.
scene_heading: INT/EXT: LADDER & ROOF OF OKIYA. LATE DAY. [WINTER]. 23
text: Pumpkin and Chiyo carry water from the well in the garden.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: When can I go outside?
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: Outside the okiya? You can’t.
dialog: It’s not allowed.
text: Carrying their buckets INSIDE, the girls climb the narrow
text: fixed ladder that leads to the roof. Pumpkin climbs ahead:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: How will I find Satsu?
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: You can’t just walk up to every
dialog: house in the Hanamachi. Do you
dialog: know how many there are?
text: CHIYO shakes her head “no.”
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN (cont'd) ‘
dialog: Look.
text: Pumpkin arrives on the roof and looks out over the Hanamachi
text: [we don’t see yet]. Chiyo pulls herself up, sees with a jolt:
scene_heading: OVERHEAD FROM THE ROOFTOP - THE HANAMACHI & BEYOND. LATE DAY.
speaker_heading: [WINTER].
text: Against a backdrop of softly rounded misty hills are
scene_heading: THOUSANDS UPON THOUSANDS OF SLATE-BLUE TILED ROOFS so
text: impenetrably close together, they seem almost to overlap.
text: Pumpkin dumps her bucket into the water tank, splashing some
text: on the tiles. Chiyo, crushed, stares at the maze of roofs.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY’S ROOM - OKIYA. DAY. [WINTER]. 24
text: Chiyo carries a tray laden with food for Granny: rice and
text: tiny white fishlings with dead, black eyes. She places it
text: down in front of the old woman, who barks:
speaker_heading: GRANNY
dialog: It is freezing! Close the window.
text: Dutifully, Chiyo goes to the window and starts to pull it
text: shut. Outside--on the street--she can’t help noticing:
text: Hatsumomo, with a handsome young man; KOICHI (30s). With a
text: smile, he pulls her into a clandestine embrace. He kisses
text: her neck, and whispers in her ear. Hatsumomo dissolves into
text: girlish giggles.
text: For a moment, Chiyo is absorbed by the sight of them. She
text: snaps back to attention when she hears:
speaker_heading: MOTHER (VOICE)
dialog: Chiyo!
text: Chiyo yanks the window shut tightly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont'd)
dialog: Chiyo! Come quickly!
dialog: 16
dialog: 2
scene_heading: 25 INT. HATSUMOMO‘S ROOM. DAY. [WINTER]. 25
text: Mother, cradling her ugly Japanese spaniel TAKU, slides open
text: Hatsumomo’s door, revealing a room in disarray.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Hatsumomo is at the bath house.
dialog: Tidy up.' '
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: But she made me promise--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hatsumomo does not run this okiya.
text: She gives Chiyo a sharp poke and Chiyo forces herself to go
text: into the room.
text: Futon and quilts are piled in a tangled heap. Grimy white
text: tabis and old wooden sushi boxes lie strewn among crumpled
text: tissues and spilled face powder and movie-photo magazines.
text: Chiyo leans down to pick up a box of powder; she does not
dialog: hear Hatsumomo come in:
speaker_heading: ) HATSUMOMO
dialog: Why, look who's in my room.
text: Chiyo jumps up. Hatsumomo snatches up her dusting powder:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont ’d)
dialog: Did you touch this??
dialog: (sniffs, sarcastic)
dialog: I can just hear the General now.
dialog: “Why, Hatsumomo. You used to smell
dialog: of jasmine; what’s this new
dialog: perfume?”
text: (wrinking her nose in
dialog: distaste)
dialog: “Blowfish?”
dialog: (savagely)
dialog: I told you never to touch my
dialog: things! Can't you understand why?
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Because your General will say,
dialog: “Hatsumomo, you stink.”
text: Hatsumomo stares at her, displeased with her delivery.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: > At least you don’t smell as bad as
dialog: your sister.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 26
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont'd)
dialog: You know she was here. She came
dialog: by, looking for you.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: (ingenuous) ‘
dialog: Was I wrong to ask her to leave?
speaker_heading: CBRIYO
dialog: (with poignant urgency)
dialog: Please. Tell me where she is.
text: Hatsumomo looks at her with a luminous smile.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Only if you swear yourself to me
dialog: first. Yes? Now get out.
scene_heading: INT. TATAMI ROOM & KIMONO ROOM. OKIYA. DAY. [WINTER]. 26
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: The only reason Mother tolerates
dialog: Hatsumomo is because she brings in
dialog: good money.
text: Auntie kneels amid a feast of colors, folding the many silk
text: kimono piled around her, then placing them neatly in
text: lacquered boxes. Chiyo climbs a ladder and places the boxes
text: in stacks along the walls.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (cont’d)
dialog: Never forget, it is Hatsumomo who
dialog: pays for your supper. The clothes
dialog: on your back. By the time she was
dialog: twenty, she had already earned back
dialog: her purchase price. Unheard of! She
dialog: has. been the talk of the hanamachi
dialog: ever since.
text: Chiyo curious fingers one of the kimono:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: These are all hers?
text: Auntie snatches the kimono away.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Certainly not. They belong to the
dialog: okiya.
dialog: (displays summer kimono)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (cont'd)
dialog: A kimono like this, made of
dialog: Tatsumura silk? It would take a
dialog: lifetime to earn! A Sea Captain
dialog: had this made for Granny when she
dialog: was only fourteen.
text: Under Auntie’s deft folding, the exquisite embroidery
text: disappears and the kimono goes into a red lacquered box:
speaker_heading: ‘AUNTIE (cont'd)
dialog: A geisha needs an elegant wardrobe,
dialog: just like an artist needs ink! If
text: she is not properly dressed, then
dialog: she is not a true geisha.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Nobody told me what a geisha is.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: You will find out soon enough. I
dialog: have news for you, child.
text: Chiyo looks at her, puzzled.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (cont‘’d)
dialog: ...Mother has determined. It is
dialog: off to school with you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You are to become geisha.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT. OKIYA - VARIOUS ROOMS. EARLY MORNING. DAY. [WINTER]. 27
text: Pumpkin’s feet hurry down the STEP-TANSU, Chiyo behind her.
text: The girls wear simple cotton school kimono.
text: At the entrance of the okiya, Pumpkin hops into her shoes.
text: Mother unfastens the bolt on the gate and hurries Pumpkin and
dialog: Chiyo through:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Quick. Quick.
text: For the first time since her arrival, Chiyo steps into the
text: street. Pumpkin yanks her --
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF THE HANAMACHI. VARIOUS. EARLY MORNING. 28
speaker_heading: [WINTER].
text: Pumpkin and Chiyo run down the street, wooden geta clattering
text: on the paving stones.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: SONOGAWA & BRIDGE
text: The girls race across a bridge that spans the flowing
text: Sonogawa, gracefully overhung with bare-limbed cherry trees.
text: Chiyo’s head swivels at TWO MAIKO walking past, their hair
text: fashioned in the traditional split-peach style. Pumpkin
text: grins, and points at them. Once again, she curls her tongue
text: into a “split peach.”
text: Together she and Chiyo laugh. Pumpkin pulls Chiyo after her
dialog: into a tunnel --
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Hurry!
text: As they run, Pumpkin jumps up to touch a low-hanging FISH
text: CARVING and make it swing; a child‘s ritual. She races down
text: a jumbled alley toward the theatre. Suddenly, Chiyo breaks
dialog: rank:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: {with resolve)
dialog: Pumpkin! I’m sorry; I‘m going to
dialog: run-- I’m going to find Satsu--
text: This makes PUMPKIN stop, cold.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: No! Chiyo, don't!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You will ruin your own chances, and
dialog: mine too! Please. Stay with me!
text: Pumpkin notices a morsel of food in the gutter. She gives a
dialog: cry of discovery in Japanese.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Mite, mite!
text: To Chiyo's disbelief, Pumpkin squats down and snatches up a
text: dirty skewer of food fallen from a vendor's cart. She takes
dialog: a bite:
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN (cont'd)
dialog: Mm, squid!
dialog: Pumpkin pulls Chiyo into --
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 20
scene_heading: INT/EXT. KABURENJO THEATRE & SCHOOL. CONTINUOUS. DAY. 29
speaker_heading: [WINTER].
text: The girls race along walkways to the school’s entrance,
text: Pumpkin still chewing the squid --
speaker_heading: ‘ YOUNG PUMPKIN (CONT’D)
dialog: If you are not careful, Mother will
dialog: toss you back onto the street, and
dialog: then what? You will wind up with
dialog: your obi tied in front.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: “In front?”
speaker_heading: YOUNG PUMPKIN
dialog: You know. A prostitute. Because
dialog: they spend so much time on their
dialog: backs.
speaker_heading: CEIYO
dialog: What is a “prostitute”? *
text: Pumpkin doesn’t reply but climbs a wall of cubby holes like a
text: ladder and puts her sandals at the top. Chiyo follows.
text: Pumpkin jumps down and grabs a shingle from the basket by the
text: entry and hangs it on the wall among HUNDREDS OF NAMES.
text: Chiyoe tries to read them, but Pumpkin pulls her away:
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Look for your sister later!
scene_heading: INT/EXT. GEISHA SCHOOL. DAY. [WINTER]. : 30
text: As Chiyo and Pumpkin race to class.
text: They run by a row of 6 MAIKO, who go through precise dance
text: movements as the FEMALE TEACHER (elegant, older) beats time
text: with her folded fan, calling out the steps in Japanese. A
text: silver-haired GEISHA beats a tsuzumi.
text: Pumpkin and Chiyo cut through the school garden past a TEA
scene_heading: CEREMONY CLASS (5 Geisha) and a CALLIGRAPHY CLASS (6 Maiko,
text: led by one female teacher.).
text: They pass a tatami room where 5 GEISHA play the shamisen led
text: by a MALE TEACHER, and enter:
text: A classroom where a ragged line of 8 YOUNG GIRLS in cotton
text: kimono try to follow a weary FEMALE TEACHER. A STUDENT
text: kneels by a small Victorela, winding the scratchy recording.
dialog: 31
scene_heading: 10/14/04 PINK REVISION 21
text: The Teacher barks out the steps in Japanese, hitting the
text: girls with her fan.
text: Pumpkin and Chiyo dart into line at the back of the room, but
text: the Teacher bears down upon them, smacking her fan as she
text: shouts out the time in cadence:
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: You - are - late!
text: The Teacher whacks Pumpkin with her fan, keeping time, as
text: Pumpkin tries clumsily to perform the steps and Chiyo tries
text: to follow. The Teacher shoves the shoji door closed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY AREA OF OKIYA. LATE NIGHT. [WINTER]. 31
text: Alone, Chiyo kneels, trying to stay awake as she practices
text: her shamisen. The sound of raucous LAUGHTER:
speaker_heading: KORIN
dialog: Sssh, Hatsumomo-san, you’1ll wake
dialog: the entire house.
text: Hatsumomo and her geisha friend KORIN (20s) arrive drunk and
text: giggling. Korin spies Chiyo:
speaker_heading: KORIN (cont‘d)
dialog: Your big sister is thirsty. So am
dialog: I. Go get us some beer.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: I’m not in the mood for beer.
speaker_heading: KORIN
dialog: I know what you're in the mood for,
dialog: and his name is Koichi.
text: Hatsumomo flares; she doesn't want Korin to give away her
dialog: secret:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: What did you say? *
speaker_heading: KORIN *
dialog: I'm sorry. I forgot -- *
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO *
dialog: You’re just jealous someone cares
dialog: for me!
dialog: 22
scene_heading: INT: KITCHEN - THE OKIYA. LATE NIGHT. [WINTER]. 32
text: Hatsumomo opens a package wrapped in silk. She spreads out a
text: ivory colored, embroidered kimono.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Guess who this belongs to?
dialog: ‘ '
dialog: Hatsumomo wets an ink block:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont'd)
dialog: I will give you a clue. A geisha
dialog: as desired as she is...ought to
dialog: keep a close eye on her clothes!
speaker_heading: KORIN
dialog: It‘s Mameha’s?? How did you get
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
text: Bribed her maid.
text: She laughs, enjoying her own cleverness. Hatsumomo dips a
text: calligraphy brush, and gives it to Korin. Korin begins
dialog: giggling; she has a failure of nerve:
speaker_heading: KORIN
dialog: Oh I can’t. I can’t.
dialog: (eyeing Chiyo)
dialog: Give it to her.
text: She thrusts the brush back at Hatsumomo. Hatsmomo smiles at
text: Chiyeo, who shrinks back. Hatsumomo grabs Chiyo's wrist and
text: forces the brush into her hand, points to a place on the
dialog: kimono --
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: There.
text: Chiyo hesitates. Their eyes lock:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont'd)
dialog: Remember? You swore yourself to
dialog: me.
text: Chiyo reluctantly takes up the brush.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont‘d)
dialog: Now then, little Chiyo. It’s time
dialog: to practice your calligraphy.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 23
text: Hatsumomo points to a place on the kimono. Chiyo touches the
text: brush to the milky fabric, leaving a smear of heavy black
text: ink. Korin giggles. Hatsumomo glares at Chiyo as if to say
text: “Again.” Chiyo wets her brush a second time.
scene_heading: EXT. MAMEHA‘S APARTMENT BUILDING NEAR THE SONOGAWA. NIGHT. 33
speaker_heading: [WINTER]. '
text: Hatsumomo and Korin huddle with Chiyo in the shadows:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Do not let anybody see you.
text: Chiyo walks quickly and leaves the folded kimono at the door.
text: A figure opens the door, flooding Chiyo’s face with light:
text: Chiyo sees a beautiful woman--MAMEHA (29)--whose long long
text: glossy hair flows over a nearly transparent kimono. Their
text: eyes meet. Chiyo runs blindly --
speaker_heading: ABRUPT CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT: BACK GARDEN & PRIVIES - OKIYA. DAY. [WINTER]. 34
text: Gripping Chiyo, Mother pours a bucket of water over her back
text: and begins severely lashing her with a bamboo rod.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Thieving rat! That kimono was
dialog: worth more than you!
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Careful, Okasan! You will hurt
dialog: yourself more than her. Let me.
text: Auntie seizes the rod and Mother walks back into the Okiya.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK GARDEN & PRIVIES. CONTINUOUS. DAY. [WINTER]. 35
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Kneel.
text: Chiyo kneels, weeping, ashamed. Auntie painfully lowers her
text: twisted hip and sits on the stone step.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (cont'd)
dialog: What have you done to Hatsumomo?
text: Chiyo looks up tearfully.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: ’ CHIYO
dialog: I haven't done anything, I promise
dialog: you. :
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Whatever you've done to anger her,
dialog: you'd be wise to stop. Now.
dialog: . (when Chiyo is silent)
dialog: You would like 'Hatsumomo to be your
dialog: big sister, wouldn’t you? Then you
dialog: must learn to please her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Lie face down.
text: Chiyo obeys. Auntie gets to her feet painfully, favoring her
dialog: hip.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (cont'd)
dialog: When I was young, Granny was Mother
dialog: of this okiya. One day I was
text: naughty, speaking out of turn, as
dialog: you often do. Granny whipped me so
dialog: fiercely, I was crippled. And so I
dialog: never becamé a geisha. I could
dialog: never repay my debt.
dialog: Auntie’s rod comes down, swish!
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (cont'd)
dialog: And so everyone in the okiya
dialog: suffered.
text: Another swish! Chiyo suffers the beating stoically.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (cont'd)
dialog: (when Chiyo complies)
dialog: I will beat you “just so.” To
dialog: spare you the agony I have endured.
dialog: Swish!
scene_heading: INSIDE THE OKIYA - CONTINUOUS. [WINTER]. 36
text: Mother listens with satisfaction, then turns up the radio.
scene_heading: BACK GARDEN & PRIVIES - CONTINUOUS. [WINTER]. 37
text: Auntie walks away, leaving Chiyo sobbing on the ground.
text: Chiyo hears the veranda shoji open. Hatsumomo lounges
text: against her door with a sly smile. She is drinking sake.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: I told you not to let anybody see
dialog: you. ,
text: Chiyo turns on her with tears of pain:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: I have kept my promise. So tell me.
dialog: Where is she?
text: Hatsumomo licks the rim of sake cup, then puts it down. She
text: reaches out to Chiyo, cradling the child’s hands in her own.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
text: She's in the next hanamachi in a
dialog: house called Tatsuyo.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Trust me, little Chiyo. You will
dialog: find her.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT: OKIYA & HANAMACHI - NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER]. 38
text: RAIN sheets from tile roofs. WATER rushes along the street
text: as in a stream, overflowing the curbstones.
scene_heading: INT. HATSUMOMO’S ROOM. NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER]. 39
text: Hatsumomo stands in her wig cap, looking wan except for
text: vibrant red lips. A cigarette dangles from her mouth. Mr.
text: BEKKU forcefully tugs back her obi ties. Hatsumomo bridles,
dialog: and hisses:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Tighter!
text: And BEKKU gives another fierce yank. The sound of
text: Hatsumomo’s sharp little cry stops Chiyo, who peeks through
text: the doorway. Hatsumomo catches Chiyo’s face in the mirror.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont'd)
dialog: Chiyo! You will walk me to the
dialog: Yukimoto teahouse, won't you?
text: They lock eyes; a private communique sizzles between them.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont‘d)
dialog: Then you will stand and wait for
dialog: me?
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 26
scene_heading: EXT. HANAMACHI STREETS. NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER].
text: They set out, Chiyo, shivering, holding a scarlet oiled-paper
text: umbrella high over Hatsumomo as she lifts her kimono above
text: the puddles.
scene_heading: EXT: YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE COURTYARD. NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER].
text: Rain batters down. Chiyo, soaked to the bone, waits under the
text: scant shelter of the red umbrella.
scene_heading: EXT: YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE COURTYARD. NIGHT. RAIN. {WINTER].
text: The tea room’s front doors are open slightly to the
text: courtyard. Through a decorative screen, we glimpse for the
dialog: first time the hidden teahouse world:
scene_heading: CHIYO'S POV FROM COURTYARD - INSIDE THE YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE
text: A simple room with handsome golden screens and warm, brick-
text: red walls, polished dark wood. Hatsumomo and TWO OTHER
text: GEISHA kneel before a GROUP OF MEN seated at low portable
text: tables, pouring sake. Laughing and smiling, Hatsumomo looks
dialog: the part of a perfect geisha, the very soul of beauty and
dialog: wit.
scene_heading: EXT, YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE COURTYARD. NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER].
text: The red umbrella sits open on the ground in the front
text: courtyard garden, abandoned. Rain pours in torrents.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH ALONG THE RIVER. NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER].
text: CLOSE ON CHIYO’S FEET RUNNING as her wooden sandals pound
text: sure-footedly along the river path, splashing through
text: puddles.
scene_heading: EXT: NIGHT STREETS IN THE NEXT HANAMACHI. NIGHT. RAIN.
speaker_heading: {WINTER].
text: Chiyo runs past DRUNKEN MEN into seedier streets:
scene_heading: EXT: THE SEEDY PART OF TOWN. NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER].
text: The rundown “teahouses” in this hanamachi look different from
dialog: the elegant Yukimoto.
dialog: 40
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: a7
dialog: 27
text: Here, the roof tiles are crooked and broken. Under cracked
text: lanterns, WOMEN huddle in doorways and sit lined up behind
text: barred windows, their white faces and red lips crudely
dialog: painted. .
text: Chiyo speaks to a WOMAN in a doorway. The Woman points,
text: gives Chiyo directions. Chiyo hurries on.
scene_heading: EXT: PLEASURE HOUSE - SEEDY PART OF TOWN. NIGHT. RAIN. 47
speaker_heading: {WINTER ].
text: Chiyo yanks on a wooden door, knocking as hard as she can.
text: Finally a small panel slides open. An OLD CRONE looks out.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Satsu.
text: The panel snaps shut. Chiyo beats on the door, to no avail:
speaker_heading: CHIYO (cont'd)
dialog: Satsu! From Yoroido! Satsu!
text: Chiyo stands uncertainly, soaked to the skin, her hair and
text: thin kimono plastered to her body. She casts around
text: helplessly, and sees:
text: From a dark side doorway, a MAN in Western clothes departs.
text: Behind him in the shadows, Chiyo can see a young woman; her
dialog: silhoutte is familiar. Chiyo calls:
speaker_heading: CHIYO (cont‘d)
dialog: Satsu? Satsu!
text: Satsu edges into the lantern’s crimson glow and Chiyo races
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: SATSU
dialog: Chiyo-chan!
text: They embrace but something is in the way. Chiyo realizes:
text: Satsu’s cumbersome obi is tied in front.
speaker_heading: SATSU (cont'd)
dialog: What took you so long--
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: --But Satsu, I tried--
speaker_heading: SATSU
dialog: (recriminatory)
dialog: I went to your okiya weeks ago!
dialog: They laughed, and turned me away---
speaker_heading: D
scene_heading: 12/21/04 DOUBLE YELLOW REVISION 28
text: Chiyo sees in the light: Satsu’s face is marred by a beating.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: -Please, I did not know--
speaker_heading: SATSU
dialog: I thought you'd forgotten me--
speaker_heading: | CHIYO:
dialog: Satsu, no--I could never--
speaker_heading: SATSU
dialog: I've missed you so much--
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Let's leave--tonight--
speaker_heading: SATSU
dialog: But we’ll need money, Chiyo--I know
dialog: where I can steal some, first thing
dialog: tomorrow--
speaker_heading: . CHIYO
dialog: No, please--~tonight--
speaker_heading: SATSU
dialog: Tomorrow. Meet me at the Sasame
dialog: bridge. As soon as it’s dark--
text: A sudden sound; the front door opens. Footsteps. Satsu's
text: face fills with alarn.
speaker_heading: SATSU (cont ‘d)
dialog: Now I have to go--quickly, before
dialog: someone catches us--
text: Chiyo, trembling, desperately clings to Satsu as her eyes
text: fill with tears. Satsu pushes her away.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: What if I cannot get away?
speaker_heading: SATSU
dialog: Be there, Chiyo. It's our one
dialog: chance. Once I’ve left I can‘t go
dialog: back. I’ve waited as long as I
dialog: can. WNow--go!
text: Satsu disappears into the house.
dialog: 29
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT ENTRANCE AND BACK GARDEN - OKIYA. NIGHT. RAIN. 48
speaker_heading: [WINTER].
text: Chiyo tries the gate - it slides open.
text: Chiyo hesitates at the entrance of the okiya, and then slips
text: quietly around the side, via the narrow passage. '
text: In the back garden, Chiyo moves covertly toward the kitchen
text: and the back door - but she hears a NOISE and sees:
text: In the STORAGE ROOM, the heavy door has been left ajar.
text: Chiyo hears the rustle of mice burrowing into bags of rice
text: inside. She hastens to close the door --
text: -- and sees inside the dark room something strange and
text: fascinating: Hatsumomo is lying under a man. It is
text: Hatsumomo’s boyfriend KOICHI (30, handsome). Koichi spies
text: Chiyo and leaps to his feet. —
speaker_heading: KOICHI
dialog: What is she doing here?
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KOICHI
dialog: She’s seen us.
text: Hatsumomo’s stricken by his words. Koichi gropes among the
text: rice bags for his sash, dressing hastily. Hatsumomo grabs
dialog: Chiyo:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Stupid girl!
text: In the okiya, a light comes on.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont‘d)
dialog: Why have you come back? The
dialog: perfect chance to escape...
text: They freeze as they hear Taku start barking madly inside.
text: KOICHI finishes pulling on his clothes.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont‘d)
dialog: Koichi, please--
speaker_heading: KOICHI
dialog: Look at us, sneaking around like
dialog: criminals--
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Koichi, don’t--
speaker_heading: KOICHI
dialog: It’s degrading.
text: They hear hurrying footsteps and Mother’s voice calling:
speaker_heading: MOTHER’S VOICE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
speaker_heading: (to KOICHI)
dialog: Go! Now!
text: Koichi ducks out the side path -- just as Mother and barking
text: Taku appear at the tatami room door onto the veranda:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Show your face!
text: Hidden in hér obi, Hatsumomo finds some money. Thinking
text: fast, she stuffs the bills inside Chiyo’s kimono. Mother--
text: bamboo stick in hand--halts at the sight of Chiyo and
text: Hatsumomo in front of the store room. Taku is barking into
text: the dark, toward the narrow side path. Auntie has come out
text: in her night kimono.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Look! Okasan! I caught her. She
dialog: was running away with her sister,
dialog: the whore.
text: Hatsumomo snatches Chiyo’s kimono open. Money spills out.
text: Mother whirls on Chiyo and begins beating her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You little thief!
text: Chiyo, terrified, finally breaks her silence --
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: No! She is lying!
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: --after all we have done for her--
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: --I saw her with a man--right there
dialog: (the “bed” of rice bags)
dialog: - His name is Koichi!
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: SHUT UP!
text: Mother stops abruptly, stares at Hatsumomo, seeing the truth.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You shut up. Take her arms.
text: In the pouring rain, Auntie seizes her arms; Hatsumomo gives
text: a startled cry. Mother reaches under Hatsumomo’s kimono and
text: parts her legs. Mother withdraws her hand, smells her
text: fingers. Hatsumomo chokes back a defiant tear. Her face is
text: crimson, Mother slaps Hatsumomo hard, making her gasp.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont‘d)
dialog: You are never to see him again.
text: Her make-up running, Hatsumomo glares at Chiyo with full
text: loathing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont’d)
text: Bolt the gate. No one is leaving
dialog: this okiya.
text: Chiyo’s face falls.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. OKIYA. [WINTER]. 49
text: Auntie rolls the heavy front door shut with a klunk!
scene_heading: INT/EXT. VERANDA & BACK GARDEN OF OKIYA. DUSK. [WINTER]. 50
text: The rain has stopped; water drains from the tiled roof and
text: rushes in the garden's gutter. Chiyo crouches low, scouring
text: the stepping stones. She glances at the sundial in the
text: garden; the light siants long across it. It's late. She
text: looks anxiously toward the sky, and can see the moon,
text: starting to reveal itself on the horizon. Night is
dialog: approaching.
text: Chiyo rises, and her heart swells in her chest; it’s time to
text: make her escape, but how? She glances to and fro, just as
text: MOTHER passes through the garden, and tosses her a
text: recriminatory look. It makes Chiyo cower, and she sinks back
text: down, scrubbing the stones with renewed fervor. Satisfied,
text: MOTHER disappears.
text: A few drops of water from above fall onto Chiyo’s face. She
text: wipes them away. A few more drops fall.
speaker_heading: J
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 32
text: She looks up and notices that the water is coming from the
text: chain of verdigris bells that hang from the gutter. With her
text: eyes she follows the path of the gutter up to--
dialog: The roof.
scene_heading: EXT. OKIYA ROOF. NIGHT. WET ROOF. [WINTER]. 51
text: Chiyo steps out onto the’ roof by the water tank. She sees:
text: The maze of tiled roofs.
text: Stepping out on her wooden sandal, Chiyo tests her weight on
text: the roof tiles. Her wet shoe skids on the rain-slick tiles
text: and comes out from under her. Chiyo fails on her bottom hard
text: and barely saves herself from tumbling down the slope.
text: Her shoe falls, clattering down the tiles and plummeting off
text: the edge into the garden, The noise sets off Taku’s barking
dialog: (0.S.).
text: Chiyo gathers her courage. She takes off her other wooden
text: shoe and leaves it perched on the ridge of the okiya’s roof.
text: Chiyo inches, half sliding, down the sloping tiles to the
text: edge of the roof, which is adjacent to the NEXT OKIYA’S roof.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK GARDEN & PRIVIES. CONTINUOUS. NIGHT. [WINTER]. 52
text: Taku barks hysterically, running around and around Chiyo’s
text: fallen shoe, sounding the alarm.
scene_heading: EXT: NEXT OKIYA‘S ROOF. CONTINUOUS. NIGHT. [WINTER]. 53
text: Chiyo gathers her courage and jumps --
text: She falls onto the NEXT OKIYA’S SLOPING ROOF (#2). Her bare
text: feet slip and scramble for purchase. Then her fingers grip
text: the wet tiles, and one foot wedges safely against a tile.
text: Chiyo scrambles across the roof and swings her legs over the
text: ridge cap. She slowly lets herself skid down the low slope
text: and at the bottom, and sees: A gap between her and NEXT OKIYA
text: (#3). Taku‘s barking sounds farther away.
text: Chiyo crouches at the edge, her toes curling over the tiles’
text: edge. She pushes off, drops to the NEXT ROOF (#3), catches
dialog: her balance: Safe.
text: Chiyo clambers up this even steeper slope (#3). Hand over
text: hand, she climbs to the top; she seems to be gaining
text: strength. Her hand grasps the cap tiles. The tiles hold.
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 33
text: Chiyo reaches up with her other hand. Now both hands safely
text: grip the cap tiles. Her fingers tighten as she hauls herself
text: up. She can see the NEXT OKIYA’S ROOF (#4), and beyond that,
text: the tangle of electrical wires on a pole and red lanterns in
dialog: the street -- Freedom.
text: The cap tiles (#3) give way with a clatter. Chiyo skids
text: helter-skelter down the long wet slope of the roof. She
dialog: screams — ‘
text: Her chin knocks against a tile, hard, jerking her head back.
text: STARS pinwheel in the NIGHT SKY --
speaker_heading: BLACK OUT
scene_heading: INT. MOTHER'S ROOM. NIGHT. [WINTER]. 54
text: CLOSE ON AN ACCOUNTING BOOK
text: With a fine-point brush, Mother makes a notation in her
text: accounting book on her desk.
text: A MALE DOCTOR leaves. Pumpkin sees him out and closes
dialog: Mother's door.
text: Chiyo lies on a futon, her arm is bandaged, her chin cut.
text: Mother impassively adds up figures in her accounting book.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Dr. Moro is very expensive. You
text: seem to be racking up quite a debt.
dialog: (ticks down the column)
text: Kimono, destroyed. Geisha school.
dialog: Rice and pickles, train ticket, Mr.
dialog: Bekku - all this on top of the
dialog: money I paid Mr. Tanaka, and for
dialog: what? The two most worthless
dialog: girls in Japan!
dialog: (makes an entry)
dialog: And now I hear that your sister has
dialog: run away. I will have to return
dialog: the money Mrs. Tatsuyo paid for
dialog: her. That is quite a sum.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Perhaps you should send me home.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (with a harrumph)
dialog: Who can I send you home to?
dialog: 55
dialog: 34
text: Mother goes to her tansu and takes out a cloth-wrapped
text: object. She unwraps two black lacquered tablets with gold
text: letters. Chiyo recognizes them at once.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont'd)
dialog: These came weeks ago from Mr.
dialog: Tanaka.
text: Mother leaves them. Auntie picks up the accompanying letter:
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: “Dear Satsu and Little Chiyo: As
dialog: one who was once an orphaned child
dialog: myself, this humble person is sorry
dialog: to inform you that six weeks after
dialog: you left for your new life in
dialog: Miyako, the suffering of your
dialog: honored mother came to its end--”
text: Chiyo's face fills with tears.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: “--and only a few weeks afterward
dialog: your honored father departed this
dialog: world as well. This humble person
dialog: feels confident both your honored
dialog: parents have found their places in
dialog: paradise.”
text: Chiyo picks up each tablet in turn, clasping them tightly to
dialog: her breast.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE (cont'd)
dialog: “But happily--in the okiya--your
dialog: own future is assured.”
text: Auntie’s voice as she reads the letter fades, and is
dialog: supplanted by another:
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You will never be a geisha. You
dialog: are too head-strong.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - OKIYA. [SPRING]. 55
text: Her arm bandaged and wearing rags, Chiyo cleans all the
text: household shoes; all around her are dozens of sandals.
speaker_heading: MOTHER’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: If I could sell off your bones to
dialog: pay back all that you owe, I'd rip
dialog: them right out of your body.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 35
text: Mother drops her bundled school items and her shamisen, to be
dialog: returned,
scene_heading: EXT. GEISHA SCHOOL. DAY. [SPRING]. 56
text: The exterior wall displays ROWS OF SPRING FESTIVAL POSTERS.
text: Branches of blooming CHERRY hang over the walkways of the
text: school, but Chiyo walks by them without seeing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You will pay back the okiya another
dialog: way: as a drudge,
scene_heading: INT. GEISHA SCHOOL. DAY. [SPRING]. 57
text: Chiyo places her wrapped shamisen and her school clothes &
text: books at the open classroom door:
speaker_heading: MOTHER’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Each week, a few coins, and maybe--
dialog: Maybe--by the end of your life,
dialog: your debt will be paid.
text: Inside, a group of 6 beautifully-costumed young MATKO (led by
text: a female teacher) rehearse for the “Spring Dances” with
text: paddies of willow and cherry blossoms. Four other MAIKO wait
dialog: their turn.
text: Chiyo notes the MAIKO without emotion; she knows now that
text: this world is closed to her forever.
scene_heading: EXT: FOOT-BRIDGE OVER THE SONOGAWA. DAY. [SPRING]. 58
text: Chiyo pauses on the bridge, tears streaming. WEEPING CHERRY
text: TREES drop their blossoms in the stream; the blossoms float
text: away on the water’s gentle surface. Chiyo watches them,
text: yearning.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN‘’S VOICE
dialog: It is too pretty a day to be so
dialog: unhappy.
text: She looks up into the broad face and compassionate eyes of
text: THE CHAIRMAN (34). He is handsome and graceful. He notices
text: her cut chin and bandaged arm.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you fall down?
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 36
text: Chiyo is too shy to answer. The Chairman crouches which
text: brings them face te face. Chiyo ducks her head rather than
text: meet his eyes. .
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont ‘d)
dialog: Why so shy? Nothing to be ashamed
dialog: of; we all stumble from time to
dialog: time.
text: He offers her handkerchief, and--embarrassed--she dabs her
text: face. The Chairman gestures toward the most beautiful of the
text: three geisha in his company.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont'd)
dialog: You see that enchanting lady in
dialog: pink? Once--when she was just a
dialog: maiko--she fell clean off her
dialog: okobo.
text: When The Geisha laughs in response, it borders on music.
speaker_heading: GEISHA
dialog: It's true; I did.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: And now look at her; so elegant.
speaker_heading: GEISHA
dialog: Mr. Chairman, shouldn‘t we hurry?
dialog: We'll miss the beginning.
text: Bowing, Chiyo would back away, excusing herself, but the
text: Chairman stops her with a gentle hand. He shrugs at the
dialog: geisha:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: We see the Spring Dances every
dialog: year. We can spare a moment.
text: The geisha turn inward, twittering among themselves. The
text: Chairman turns to Chiyo.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont‘d)
dialog: What’s your name?
text: She doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t be afraid to look at me.
dialog: Someone has been cruel to you. Or
dialog: perhaps life has been cruel.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: I don't know,
dialog: sir.
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 36A
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: None of us find as much kindness in
dialog: this world as we should. ©
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Do you like sweet plum, or cherry?
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: You mean - to eat?
dialog: . I ‘
text: The Chairman laughs and leads Chiyo toward the footpath that
text: goes along the stream, where a VENDOR sells shaved ice.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: I like sweet plum myself.
dialog: {to the vendor)
dialog: Both kinds.
text: Chiyo hungrily watches the Vendor put a scoop of lurid pink
text: into a paper cup. The Chairman hands it to her:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont‘d)
dialog: I wait for these every spring.
text: Chiyo takes her first bite; when she pulls the cup away from
text: her lips, they’re stained with color. She smiles coyly.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Now I'm a geisha, too.
text: The CHAIRMAN laughs.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: And so you are!
text: As they take bites of their ices, Chiyo absorbs him with
dialog: wonder.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont'd)
dialog: How did you come by such surprising
dialog: eyes?
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: My mother gave them to me.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Generous of her, wasn’t it?
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: As you have been to me.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Smile for me, won't you?
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 38
text: Chiyo can’t help it; she does.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont'd)
dialog: There now. That is your gift to
dialog: me.
text: He wraps some coins in his handkerchief and tucks it into her
dialog: hand. ,
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont'd)
dialog: This will buy your supper. Now
dialog: promise me one thing. Next time you
dialog: take a tumble...no frowns.
text: He smiles back at her, and she nods. Chiyo watches the
text: Chairman walk away toward the geisha who await him; they fold
text: their arms around him, like butterfly wings, and he seems to
text: disappear. Chiyo stares after them longingly, transfixed.
scene_heading: EXT: HANAMACHI. DAY. [SPRING]. 59
text: Chiyo runs through the Hanamachi, on a mission.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE
dialog: In that moment I changed from a
text: girl facing nothing but emptiness -—
scene_heading: EXT. TORII GATES. DAY. [SPRING]. 60
text: Chiyo continues to run through a corridor of huge broad
text: orange torii gates that meander far up a wooded hillside.
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: ~ to someone with purpose. I saw
dialog: that to be a geisha could be a
text: stepping stone to something else.
text: Chiyo arrives at the SHRINE and stretches up to reach the
text: huge bell cords. She pulls the ropes and claps three times.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: The money he had given me could
dialog: have bought fish and rice for a
dialog: month. But I gave it back in
dialog: prayer.
text: She opens the handkerchief: The Chairman’s coins. Chiyo
text: drops the coins in the offering box and bows. She kneels:
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: I asked one day to be worthy of the
dialog: chairman's world...to meet him
dialog: again...and to become a geisha.
text: Cherry blossoms blow past the serene altar of the shrine and
text: become SNOWFLAKES.
dialog: 1 .
scene_heading: EXT. THE HANAMACHI. LATE DAY. SNOW. [WINTER] 61
text: SNOW blows around the eaves of the shuttered okiyas, and
text: fills the ridges of the tiled roofs of the Hanamachi.
text: We hear a tinny RADIO, reporting the news about Japan’s war
text: with Russia and Allied and Axis powers battling in Europe.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY & TATAMI ROOM - OKIYA. LATE DAY. SNOW. [WINTER] 62
text: An older Bekku straps Pumpkin (16) into her obi, grunting.
text: Pumpkin gives cries of discomfort as he pulls the cords ever
text: tighter. She hollers up the tansu steps:
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Chiyo! Did you find my comb yet?
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Here, let me.
text: Chilly adult BARE FEET appear, pattering down the cramped
text: stairs, as Chiyo (15) hurries to obey. As she descends, we
text: see she’s graceful even in a maid's rags; she wears a
text: servant's long braid. Chiyo hastens to Pumpkin, ornamental
text: comb in hand.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Arigato. I couldn‘t sleep! I was
dialog: so worried about my stupid hair!
dialog: (with dread)
dialog: Am I lopsided?
text: Chiyo art-fully wedges the comb into Pumpkin‘’s maiko
dialog: hairstyle, and whispers:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: You look beautiful.
text: Pumpkin gives her a grateful smile. They briefly, covertly
text: clasp hands. Then Mother appears with Auntie (both dressed
text: for the occasion) and the girls‘ hands come apart. MOTHER
text: scrutinizes Pumpkin'’s rounded hairstyle, the haircomb
text: sticking out at a jaunty angle:
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: With your hair like that, you look
dialog: more like a Pumpkin than ever!
dialog: Don’t poke your neck forward like a
dialog: tortoise!
text: -- as she plucks at Pumpkin with critical tweaks. Chiyo is
text: all but invisible; Bekku absently kicks her aside. ‘
text: Hatsumomo appears, impossibly beautiful in a flamboyant
dialog: kimono.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: She is not ready? We will be late!
text: Pumpkin takes her in, dismayed. Bekku laughs:
speaker_heading: BEKKU
dialog: Poor Pumpkin - Her debut, and
dialog: everyone will be staring at you.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Hurry up.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This time - tune your shamisen
dialog: before you play. When you make a
dialog: fool of yourself, it is your Big
dialog: Sister who gets the blame.
dialog: (re: Pumpkin‘s tears)
dialog: Stop crying! Your face will run.
scene_heading: INT/EXT: ENTRANCE OF OKIYA & FRONT GATE. NIGHT. SNOW. 63
speaker_heading: [WINTER ]
text: TWO RICKSHAWS (the first carrying Hatsumomo and Pumpkin, the
text: second-Mother and Auntie) disappear into the veil of swirling
text: snowfall. Chiyo turns back sadly. By the door she sees:
dialog: Pumpkin’s shamisen._
text: Chiyo grabs it, looks down at her bare feet. Chiyo snatches
dialog: up Auntie’s garden clogs ~~
scene_heading: EXT. HANAMACHI & SONOGAWA STREAM. NIGHT. SNOW. [WINTER] 64
text: Carrying the bundled shamisen, Chiyo runs in Auntie'’s garden
text: clogs, down the snowy streets, over the frozen Sonogawa.
text: Delicate icicles hang from the barren weeping-cherry trees.
dialog: 66
dialog: 68
dialog: 41
scene_heading: INT/EXT: YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE. NIGHT. SNOW. [WINTER] 65
text: The Yukimoto TEAHOUSE OWNER (female) takes the bundled
text: shamisen from Chiyo. The door slides shut on Chiyo. She
dialog: hesitates --
scene_heading: BACK GARDEN OF YUKIMOTO [WINTER] 66
text: Chiyo slips around to the back garden, hoping for a glimpse
text: of Pumpkin’s debut.
text: The closed shojis encased by an outside layer of glass panels
text: present a blank face to the verandas. Chiyo can hear
text: LAUGHTER and VOICES, BOTTLES CLINKING.
text: Curious, Chiyo steps stealthily onto the veranda. A
text: filigreed iron lantern lights the snowy stone step. The
text: glass panel is open a very tiny crack. Chiyo quietly slides
text: it open and passes through. She sneaks up to the shoji
text: screen and crouches. Chiyo wets her finger and presses it to
text: the paper of the screen creating a tiny transparent circle.
text: Chiyo peeks through:
scene_heading: POV - INT. YUKIMOTO TEAROOM. NIGHT. [WINTER] 67
text: In the warmly-lit room, eight or more WELL-DRESSED MEN sit at
text: lacquered tables waited upon by Hatsumomo, Korin.
text: The men applaud as Pumpkin sings and plays the shamisen.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TEAROOM
text: A CLIENT notices a SILHOUETTE on the shoji. Someone is on
text: the veranda. Curious, he alerts men on either side of him.
scene_heading: BACK GARDEN OF YUKIMOTO [WINTER] 68
text: Chiyo strains to see more-- Pumpkin has gone out of view.
text: The shoji suddenly flies open:
text: It is The Chairman, inches from her, face to face. Chiyo
dialog: knows him at once, It takes her breath away.
text: The light from the tearcom falls directly on Chiyo and her
text: distinctive silver-gray eyes. She looks ethereal.
text: The Chairman is halted, perhaps by her beauty, perhaps by a
text: memory - but in that moment as he stares at her, time stops.
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 42
text: Chiyo reflexively bolts.
text: Other Clients, amused, walk out onto the veranda. The
text: Chairman, stands in the garden, oblivious to the snow falling
text: on him.
scene_heading: EXT. YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE COURTYARD. NIGHT. SNOW. [WINTER] 69
text: A MALE SERVANT sweeping the front steps catches sight of
text: Chiyo as she runs to the front gate. The Teahouse-owner
text: orders him to follow the stranger. He drops his snow broom
text: and races after her.
scene_heading: EXT: STREET & YUKIMOTO, THE HANAMACHI. NIGHT. SNOW. [WINTER] 70
text: With the Male Servant calling behind her, Chiyo runs into the
text: street, her wooden geta slipping on the ice. Chiyo yanks off
dialog: the shoes and runs --
scene_heading: EXT. IN THE HANAMACHI - CONTINUOUS. NIGHT. SNOW. [WINTER] 71
text: Chiyo ducks into a dark nook and lets the RUNNING FOOTSTEPS
dialog: go past.
text: When they are gone, from inside her kimono Chiyo takes
text: something she has kept pressed against her heart:
speaker_heading: SAYURI’S VOICEOVER
dialog: The winter that I turned fifteen,
dialog: Fate brought me three things: I
dialog: saw the Chairman again.
text: Chiyo’s cold fingers caress the Chairman’s finely embroidered
dialog: handkerchief.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HANAMACHI. EARLY DAY. SNOW. [WINTER] 72
text: A lone figure in black with a black parasol glides through
text: the white tempest, down a narrow street toward the okiya.
speaker_heading: SAYURI’S VOICEOVER (CONT ’D)
dialog: Granny left us. And most surprising
dialog: of all....
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: 74A
speaker_heading: '74B
scene_heading: 10/18/04 GREEN REVISED 43
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT GATE & ENTRANCE OF OKIYA. EARLY DAY. [WINTER]
dialog: !
text: A slender gloved hand reaches up to ring the gate’s bell.
scene_heading: INT. TATAMI ROOM - OKIYA- CONTINUOUS [WINTER]
text: Mother notices a mysterious stranger at the front gate.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Quick Chiyo, put up the screen.
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Why is she here?
text: Mother picks up Taku and disappears. Chiyo grabs the screen
text: and rushes to obscure Pumpkin, who’s sitting, scooping rice
text: into her mouth.
dialog: Auntie barks:
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: (to Chiyo)
dialog: Open the gate!
text: Chiyo runs to the entry.
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: 74A
speaker_heading: 74B
speaker_heading: +e FOF +
speaker_heading: * oF
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
scene_heading: 10/18/04 GREEN REVISED 44
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE OF OKIYA. EARLY DAY. [WINTER] *75
text: Chiyo sees Mameha, and crumples inside with fear (the ruined
text: kimono!). She bows low to hide her face, as Mameha steps out
text: of her sandals and goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY & MOTHER'S ROOM/OFFICE - OKIYA. EARLY DAY. 76
text: Mother, tightly-coiffed and in a somber colors, bows as
text: Auntie leads Mameha into Mother’s room & office. Her desk is
text: set up with pen and paper and abacus.
text: Auntie closes the door & instantly puts her ear to the crack.
text: Pumpkin’s all ears, too. Chiyo grabs a rag and begins to
text: polish the floor by Mother's door. She, Auntie and Pumpkin
dialog: crane to hear:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Mameha-san, I know that you would
dialog: never joke at an old lady's expense-
text: Auntie inches the door open more, and the voices are clearer:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I was only thinking on your
dialog: behalf...Now that your beloved
dialog: Granny is gone, you have no need
dialog: for a maid--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But Chiyo?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Just think how she would enrich
dialog: your okiya!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I have to tell you...she is
dialog: unusually stupid.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And her debt...!
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
text: A geisha returns her investment
text: faster than a maid.
text: Chiyo whispers to Pumpkin, incredulous:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Are they really talking about me?
dialog: 45
text: Y Pumpkin, nods, equally stunned. Meanwhile:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I would never question the great
dialog: Mameha. But you could choose
dialog: anyone in the Hanamachi--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: You flatter me, truly--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: --I'd give you my Pumpkin, if she
dialog: were not already tied to Hatsumomo--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: ~-please, I would never dream of
dialog: asking--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Besides, I can always sell Chiyo to
dialog: Mrs. Tatsuyo.
speaker_heading: ” MAMEHA
dialog: But with your eye for beauty and
dialog: your nose for talent...surely you
dialog: ) can see what a terrible waste that
dialog: would be!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: If you were not the kind-hearted
dialog: geisha I know you to be...then I
dialog: might think you were dishonest.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Even conniving.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I might think you were scheming
dialog: against Hatsumomo.
speaker_heading: MAMEBA
dialog: Then I’m grateful, Mrs. Nitta, that
dialog: you don’t have a suspicious mind.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Perhaps you can pique my interest
dialog: with-~
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: --yes?--
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: 2 MOTHER
dialog: --your offer?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (brass tacks now )
dialog: I will cover Chiyo’s schooling. All
dialog: of. her expenses. Till after her
dialog: debut. ‘
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Now I’m confident you are teasing--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I could not be more sincere. If
dialog: Chiyo hasn't repaid her debt within
dialog: six months after her debut--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: Impossible! Too little time!
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (resolutely)
dialog: ~-then I will pay you twice over.
text: 2 Mother is astonished by the proposal -- but not more
text: astonished than Pumpkin and Chiyo in the hallway:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Why, no Geisha could ever-~
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: You see? I am willing to assume
dialog: all the risk.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Mameha-san, you might as well toss
dialog: your money away!
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I am certain you will not object to
dialog: one, trivial condition...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: If Chiyo erases her debt in the
dialog: time allowed...you will have no
dialog: part in her future earnings.
dialog: 77
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Mameha-san! My respect for you is
dialog: too great...too vast...to allow you
dialog: to make such a foolish wager.
dialog: (clearly accepting her:)
dialog: Let me fetch the account books.
text: Chiyo drops her polishing rag and darts away. Pumpkin dives
text: back into her morning rice bowl. Auntie picks up the rag and
text: pretends to polish the door frame as Mother appears. Mother
text: gives Auntie a look as she retrieves her books.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY’S OLD ROOM - THE OKIYA. DAY. [WINTER] 77
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It’s too good to be true. Mameha
dialog: is up to something.
text: Mother & Auntie draw the bamboo shade and open the window of
text: Granny’s dusty old room. They begin moving Granny’s things
text: out of what will now become CHIYO’S ROOM.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: She is not in it for the money,
dialog: that much is for certain. Rumor
dialog: has it--ever since the Prime
dialog: Minister bought her mizuage--she
dialog: has been rich! They say he paid a
dialog: record sum.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Is that so?
text: Chiyo undresses behind a simple cotton kimono that Pumpkin
text: holds open, changing out of servant's rags. She whispers:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: "Mizuage”?
text: Pumpkin biushes and gestures with her hand: I_can‘t say.
text: Hatsumomo pauses at the doorway:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Absurd to think she noticed Chiyo -
dialog: !
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: It's that kimono.
dialog: (to Chiyo)
dialog: She remembers how you destroyed it.
dialog: Now she wants to get even.
dialog: 78
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (askance at Hatsumomo)
dialog: That sounds less like Mameha and
dialog: more like another geisha I know.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: (ignoring Mother's jibe)
dialog: Poor little Chiyo. I fear for you.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: An odd picture, isn’t it?
text: Hatsumomo sweeping into teahouse
dialog: after teahouse with our little
dialog: Pumpkin...and Mameha with our maid?
text: Mother & Auntie shake their heads, astonished. Chiyo is
text: paralysed with embarrassment. Mother and Auntie leave.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: I’m so far behind; I will never
dialog: catch up to you.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Don’t worry, Chiyo-chan. I will
dialog: help you.
speaker_heading: BATSUMOMO
dialog: Pumpkin! You are never to speak to
dialog: her again...
text: She. pinches Pumpkin‘s lip hard, and Pumpkin cries out -—
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont’d)
dialog: «..Now you are rivals.
text: Pumpkin gives Chiyo a haunted look, conveying regret and
dialog: guilt.
speaker_heading: cUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAMEHA’S BEAUTIFUL APT. & SMALL GARDEN COURTYARD. DAY. 78
speaker_heading: [WINTER]
text: Along the Sonogawa, ICICLES melt from the trees, dripping
text: jewel-like droplets. In the foreground sits the Baron‘s
text: impressive automobile. Chiyo hesitates outside Mameha’s
text: apartment, shivering and summoning her courage.
text: She sees: A handsome man, THE BARON (45), emerges from the
text: apartment, with Mameha seeing him out. Chiyo bows humbly:
speaker_heading: J
dialog: 79
dialog: 4g
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Konichiwa.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Chiyo is my new protege.
speaker_heading: THE BARON
dialog: As lovely as her big sister! And
text: with eyes the color of rain.
text: He gives Chiyo a smile that flusters her. Mameha walks The
text: Baron to the entrance, Chiyo peeks curiously.
scene_heading: INT. MAMEHA'S BEAUTIFUL APARTMENT. DAY. [WINTER] 79
text: In Mameha‘s light-washed, calm apartment:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: The Baron is a very special man to
dialog: me; my danna. Someday if you are
dialog: fortunate, you will have a patron,
dialog: teo. Don't kneel. You’re not a
dialog: servant girl anymore.
text: Embarrassed, Chiyo stands before her, head bowed, blushing.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Step into the light.
text: Chiyo does; Mameha looks into her face.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: I see water in you.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Does that displease you?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Water‘s powerful. It can wash away
dialog: earth, put out fire, even destroy
dialog: iron. But you have not drawn on
dialog: those strengths, have you?
text: Chiyo shakes her head mutely. Finally she whispers:
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: About your kimono...
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: You may apologize, if you wish.
text: Chiyo drops and bows, her forehead on the mat -
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont ‘d)
dialog: Why, that is a perfect bow - for a
dialog: pig farmer. Don’t drop your head.
dialog: Fingertips together; elbows in. No
text: weight on the hands. Yes.
text: Chiyo accomplishes a correct bow.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont’d)
dialog: As for that kimono - I am no fool,
dialog: Chiyo. Hatsumomo cannot tolerate
dialog: competition.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: She is jealous of you?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Not me, I’m afraid.
dialog: (with significance)
text: Someone closer to home.
text: CHIYO blushes.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont’d)
dialog: Rise. Not like a horse. Slide
dialog: your foot forward - that’s it. Now
dialog: walk.
dialog: (watching her)
dialog: You are a magnificent geisha!
text: Mameha walks Chiyo over to the window seat overlooking the
text: stream. They sit.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont‘d)
dialog: Tell me, Chiyo, does Mrs. Nitta
dialog: ever speak of the future?
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: Not to me.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Well, someday soon, she will have
dialog: to name an heir. One of her own
dialog: geisha, to succeed her.
dialog: (leading her)
dialog: Strange, isn’t it, that she has not
dialog: adopted Hatsumomo-—
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: And released the tiger from its
dialog: cage?
dialog: 80
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: » MAMEHA
dialog: You have a gift for expression.
text: The Maid brings in a tray; she pours the tea.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: And if Mrs. Nitta adopts Pumpkin,
dialog: that is hardly a threat! But a
text: little girl with eyes like rain...
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: But Mrs. Nitta would never choose
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: On the contrary; that is our goal.
text: Surprised, Chiyo splashes the tea as it is handed to her.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: It is?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Of course. If you do not inherit
dialog: the okiya, then we will all be at
dialog: the tiger’s mercy.
text: Chiyo blows on her tea. Mameha stays her:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont’d)
dialog: Water’s always in such a hurry.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Perhaps it is just as well. We
dialog: have no time to lose.
text: Mameha takes up her cup, and Chiyo follows.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC BATHS. THE HANAMACHI. DAY. [WINTER] 80
text: Chiyo undresses at the bath house.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: When does a geisha choose her
dialog: danna?
text: Mameha is amused and a little offended.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I‘m afraid it’s the other way
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: (then)
dialog: Focus on your studies, Chiyo.
dialog: Music, the art of conversation.
dialog: Contrary to popular opinion, that’s
dialog: the surest way to attract a danna;
dialog: on your feet...not off them.
text: Carrying their towels to conceal their naked bodies, they
text: step into a tiled room filled with steam..
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont ’d)
dialog: Pretend, for example, that I am
dialog: pouring tea...
text: Mameha sits on a bathing stool, using bathing implements as
text: “teapot” and “cup”.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont‘d)
dialog: You kneel, just so. You angle the
text: pot low, spout close to the cup,
text: so the aroma does not escape...
text: She mimes pouring.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Now here is where you can add a
dialog: touch of intrigue. Say I’m
dialog: entertaining the Baron. Like so
text: many clients, he is trapped in an
dialog: arranged marriage with a woman he
dialog: does not love. So--in the
dialog: teahouse, when he is seeking my
dialog: company instead--I reward him.
dialog: Like this.
text: She drapes the washcloth like a “kimono sleeve.”
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
text: With a glimpse of my wrist. Seeing
dialog: that demure little trace of naked
dialog: skin...well, it gives him pleasure.
text: As Chiyo practices pouring while holding her “kimono sleeve”
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont’d)
dialog: When you are sitting down--
dialog: (crowding Chiyo)
dialog: - for the briefest moment, press
dialog: your leg against his.
dialog: (when Chiyo starts to
dialog: giggle)
dialog: Always by accident, of course! Or,
dialog: this -
speaker_heading: J
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 53
text: Mameha tucks up damp tendrils at her nape, demonstrating:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Or this: "These little hairs are
dialog: such a nuisance, always trying to
dialog: escape.”
speaker_heading: ' CHIYO
dialog: (copying) |
dialog: “These little hairs are such a
dialog: nuisance..."
text: Laughing, Mameha leads her to the steaming bathing pools:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Oh, dear. We have leapt from
dialog: “intermediate” to “advanced” so
dialog: quickly. You maiko are supposed to
dialog: be all innocence.
dialog: (subtly wicked smile)
dialog: At first.
text: They drop their towels and step into the bath.
scene_heading: GO TO MONTAGE:
text: CLOSE UP: A black brush dips into a make-up jar of austere
dialog: white--
scene_heading: INT: GEISHA SCHOOL. DAY. [WINTER] 81
text: --white tabi feet dance across a tatami floor. Chiyo
text: practices with 8 VERY YOUNG GIRLS, towering over them. She
dialog: turns a shoulder, and--
text: CLOSE UP: --the back of a long, elegant neck is revealed.
text: The white make-up brush outlines two sharp points--
scene_heading: EXT. MAMEHA’S COURTYARD- DAY. [WINTER] 82
text: --the sharp sound of a bucket as Mameha lowers icy water in
text: front of Chiyo. Chiyo plunges her hands in. Mameha counts to
text: ten, then thrusts a shamisen at her, and Chiyo begins to
text: pluck the strings with cold, blue fingers--
text: CLOSE UP: --as long fingers angle a brush, etching a pair
dialog: ef scarlet lips--
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: 54
scene_heading: EXT: HANAMACHI. DAY. [WINTER] 83
text: --that smile from a Japanese movie poster; Chiyo teeters past
text: on the tall wooden shoes of a maiko. Mameha helps her until
text: Chiyo falls off the curb into the street; and a rickshaw
text: rattles by, sending up a cloud of dust-- --
text: CLOSE UP: --that settles as a cosmetic puff powders a newly
dialog: rouged cheek bone--
scene_heading: IN MAMEHA’S APARTMENT. DAY. [WINTER] 84
text: --two sumptuous paper fans flip open as Mameha tutors Chiyo
text: in dance. Both dressed in their underkimonos, Mameha
text: teachers Chiyo a tricky move. Chiyo mimics her, tossing a
dialog: fan, and-
scene_heading: INT. KABURENJO THEATRE. DAY. [WINTER] 85
text: --catches it onstage, in a dance rehearsal 10 MAIKO her own
text: age. She glances down the line of dancers to see Pumpkin.
text: In the audience, Hatsumomo and Mameha watch their fledgling
text: maiko. They don’t acknowledge one another; their eyes are
text: fixed on the stage.
text: Meanwhile, Pumpkin grins coyly at her friend Chiyo, and curls
text: her tongue in a “split peach”, just as she did when they were
text: children. Chiyo suppresses a smile, and executes a graceful
text: turn without missing a beat. Pumpkin, however, is fatally
text: amused by her own hijinks; she’s thrown off balance and drops
dialog: her fan.
text: Mameha casts a discreet, competitive look in Hatsumomo’s
text: direction, to gauge her response. Hatsumomo sits with her
text: back stiff, and shoots Pumpkin a look that could straighten a
dialog: bonsai tree--
text: CLOSE UP: --as a coal stick glides across an arched eyebrow,
dialog: accentuating it with black---
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY PARLOR. THE HANAMACHI. DAY. [WINTER] 86
text: ---Chiyo’s long, black hair is combed out flat by A MALE
text: HAIRDRESSER (middle-aged), who then applies hot wax with an
dialog: iron.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Beauty is cruelty.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 55
text: Chiyo grimaces in protest--
scene_heading: INT. CHIYO’S ROOM. NIGHT. [WINTER] ~ DAY
text: --as Mother replaces her pillow with a wooden stand. Next,
text: Mother sprinkles rice powder liberally around the base. In
text: her new split-peach hairstyle, Chiyo rests her neck on the
text: stand; she ‘tries itto make herself comfortable, closing her
dialog: eyes--
scene_heading: INT. CHIYO’S ROOM. MORNING. [WINTER]
text: --which open the next morning. Slowly Chiyo realizes her
text: head has slid off the wooden stand. Rice powder is matted on
text: her hair and eyelashes. She tries in vain to pluck it out as
text: Hatsumomo stands in the doorway, laughing--
scene_heading: EXT/INT. BEAUTY PARLOR. THE HANAMACHI. DAY. [WINTER]
text: --as Hatsumomo and Pumpkin exit, Pumpkin’s coiffure
text: immaculately lacquered, every strand in perfect place.
text: Meanwhile--inside--Mameha shakes her head, sympathetically as
text: the Hairdresser once again draws wax through poor Chiyo's
dialog: hair--
text: CLOSE UP: --as a bejeweled ornament slides gracefully into
text: the upswept hair-style of a maiko--
scene_heading: INT. MAMEHA’S APARTMENT. DAY. [WINTER]
text: --colorful maiko kimono festoon the room. Chiyo goes
text: “shopping” among Mameha’s collection. Mameha holds up a
dialog: beautiful kimono--
text: CLOSE UP: --and two pale arms slide into a sheer under-
dialog: kimono--
scene_heading: EXT: STREETS OF THE HANAMACHI. DAY. [WINTER]
text: --now dressed in fluttering kimono, Chiyo and Mameha step
text: into the street.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: The fortune-teller suggested
dialog: November 3rd for your debut--
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: (crestfallen)
dialog: November? Can't it be sooner?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Sooner?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Water certainly likes to rush!
text: CLOSE UP: --in quick succession, eight silk bands called himo
dialog: are drawn and bound--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: You cannot call yourself a true
dialog: geisha until you can stop a man in
text: his tracks, with a single look.
text: CLOSE UP: --a lavishly embroidered cream kimono closes, left
dialog: over right--
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: No one can do that.
text: Mameha turns her back to the street:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Choose someone for me.
text: Chiyo indicates a PASSING MAN who walks absently toward them.
text: Mameha takes a few small steps, her eyes downcast. As the
text: Man reaches her, Mameha lifts her eyes to meet his. The Man
text: stops, he turns to watch Mameha go.
text: Chiyo, amazed, hurries to catch up with Mameha.
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: If I can do that - may I debut
dialog: sooner?
text: CLOSE UP: A man’s hand yanks the obi strings tight on the
text: back of a geisha’s kimono.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Perhaps.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF THE HANAMACHI. DAY. [WINTER] 92
speaker_heading: CHIYO
dialog: (game now)
dialog: Go ahead, then. Choose someone for
dialog: me, Onei-san.
dialog: 93
scene_heading: 10/20/04 GOLDENROD REVISION 57
text: Mameha looks around, selects a DELIVERY BOY pedalling in the
text: street, his bicycle loaded with a towering stack of bundles.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
text: Make him fall over. With one look.
text: Close up: --eyes flash in a hand mirror--
text: Chiyo hesitates anxiously. Then she sees a solution:
text: A TRUCK is backing slowly out of an alley.
text: In a split-second, Chiyo boldly steps into the street and
text: stares directly into the Delivery Boy’s face as he passes.
text: Surprised, the Boy momentarily turns his head --
text: -- then hears a truck’s HORN. The Boy brakes and swerves --
text: The bicycle’s heavy load topples, spilling its driver and
text: cargo across the pavement, Mameha sends Chiyo a wry look.
text: CLOSE UP: ---a tin make-up box slams shut--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont ‘d)
dialog: You are ready.
scene_heading: INT. THE OKIYA. NIGHT [WINTER] 93
text: MOTHER and AUNTIE, dressed for the occasion, wait impatiently
text: in the entry-way. Mameha flings open the shoji screen of the
dialog: tatami room to reveal:
text: Chiyo, now as flawless and painted as a gorgeous, Japanese
text: doll, in the full make-up of a maiko. Her hair is waxed a
text: shiny black; Mameha’s richly embroidered “butterfly-sleeve”
text: kimono falls in lush pools of silk at her feet. Chiyo moves *
text: across the room and stops at a full length mirror. She
text: stares at herself in the glass. Tears well in her eyes. *
dialog: *
text: Chiyo looks to Mameha. Even Bekku’s impressed. *
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
scene_heading: 10/20/04 GOLDENROD REVISION .58
dialog: Mother intercedes-— *
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hurry up! You are not making money
dialog: standing there gawking at yourself--
scene_heading: INT/EXT: ENTRANCE OF OKIYA. EVENING. [WINTER] 94
text: CLOSE on Chiyo’s foot as the snowy tabi parts and the thong
text: of her shoe slides between. the gloved toes.
text: Chiyo walks down the path on her tall maiko shoes and pauses
text: under the lantern, in the same spot where she first laid eyes
text: on Hatsumomo. Behind her Auntie strikes the flint.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: For luck.
text: SPARKS fly behind Chiyo.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE. SUNSET. [WINTER] 95
text: In the garden, Mameha and Chiyo exchange three cups of sake
text: (served by the teahouse-owner) in a “sisters” ritual. Mother
text: and Auntie stand in attendance.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: This binds us together forever as
dialog: sisters. Today you leave your
dialog: childhood and cast away your name.
dialog: From this day forward, you will be
dialog: known by a new one...with the same
text: lilt, the same music as the water
dialog: you resemble...
dialog: (a pause, and then)
dialog: .--"Sayuri.”
text: Sayuri, formerly Chiyo, bows her head in gratitude.
dialog: 96
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 59
scene_heading: INT. YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE. NIGHT. [WINTER] * 96
text: The TEAHOUSE OWNER--teetering with a tray stacked with sake
text: and beer--barrels down the deep red hallway toward the tea
text: room. LAUGHTER and conversation spill from the room as she
text: flings open the shoji doors.
text: EIGHT MEN are seatled in conversational groups at low tables
text: around three sides of the room. In the seat of honor, we
dialog: recognize The Baron. The OTHER MEN are mostly older and all
text: wealthy, their spirits loosened by sake. The host,
dialog: Hatsumomo's favorite client THE GENERAL (55, chainsmoker),
text: wears a Japanese military uniform.
text: TWO GEISHA move gracefully among the tables, serving sake as
text: they chat among the men.
text: Behind a screen, before they make their entrance:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Tonight, you will attend the Baron.
text: CHIYO looks at her, uncertain. Isn‘t he Mameha‘s territory?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: A new maiko always attends the
dialog: honored guest. Ready?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Onei-san, thank you.
text: Mameha smiles.
text: They enter,, bowing on the floor, murmuring their greetings
text: etc. ‘Then they hurry toward the Baron with small steps. The
text: General lifts his sake cup:
speaker_heading: THE GENERAL
dialog: Friends, we have the pleasure to
text: witness the debut of a new maiko.
text: Some of the men applaud, and all lift their glasses. With
text: guick small steps that make her kimono hem ripple, Sayuri
text: approaches The Baron and kneels, blushing. The Baron eyes
text: her playfully, admiring. To Mameha:
speaker_heading: THE BARON
dialog: I remember those eyes. What was
dialog: her name?
text: Mameha looks to Sayuri, giving her permission to respond.
text: Sayuri feels a pang of pleasure as she speaks the word:
dialog: 97
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: “Sayuri”.
speaker_heading: MAMEBA
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: You may replenish the Baron’s tea.
text: Sayuri self-consciously takes up the teapot. She aims the
text: spout low, close to the Baron’s cup, so the aroma doesn’t
text: escape. Meanwhile-- with the other hand--she draws back her
text: kimono sleeve, exposing her wrist, pausing exactly as Mameha
dialog: has taught her.
text: The Baron’s eyes drift to Sayuri’s arm. After a few seconds
text: have elapsed, Sayuri is mortified to realize that the Baron’s
text: cup is still empty -- no tea is pouring from the spout of the
text: depleted tea pot.
speaker_heading: THE BARON
dialog: She’s determined, isn’t she? If
dialog: there’d been a drop of tea in that
dialog: pot, I believe Sayuri would have
dialog: gotten it out--
text: Everyone laughs. Under her make-up, Sayuri is flushed with
dialog: embarrassment.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Now don’t tease, Baron. It's her
dialog: very first time.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MAMEHA & SAYURI - SHORT TIME LATER 97
text: Mameha’‘s fingers pluck the strings of her shamisen,
dialog: accompanying Sayuri.
text: Sayuri gracefully dances with two fans, just as Mameha taught
text: her. As Sayuri dramatically tosses and catches one of the
dialog: fans, she sees:
text: The Teahouse Owner leading in Hatsumomo and Pumpkin.
text: Hatsumomo seductively advances on the Baron’s table, Pumpkin
dialog: in tow.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Baron...Forgive me for intruding -
dialog: General Tottori was good enough to
dialog: ask us to call.
text: The General, tipsy, has no memory of it but he is pleased to
text: fill her cup with sake. Sayuri and Mameha end the dance, and
text: the men applaud.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont ‘d)
dialog: What a beautiful dance! Yes,
dialog: Pumpkin?
text: Deftly, Hatsumomo takes a fan from Pumpkin and demonstrates.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont ‘d)
dialog: Her fans are so hypnotic that you
dialog: never ndtice her feet.
dialog: (turns to Sayuri)
dialog: What is your name?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Her name is Sayuri.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: “Sayuri” - a name as sweet as she
dialog: is!
dialog: (to the General)
dialog: I‘m afraid these days, even a
dialog: common chambermaid can call herself
dialog: a geisha.
dialog: {her eyes narrowing in
dialog: Sayuri's direction)
dialog: So it's nice to see such a sincere
dialog: young maiko. Isn’t it?
speaker_heading: THE GENERAL
dialog: (caught in the middle,
dialog: stammering)
dialog: Why, yes. Indeed.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (to Sayuri)
dialog: Surely you would like to thank
dialog: Hatsumomo for her gracious
dialog: compliments.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: There is so much I would like to
dialog: say to Hatsumomo.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Sometimes, the wisest remark is to
dialog: say nothing.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What better advice to follow than
dialog: your own?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Sayuri--
speaker_heading: JY
dialog: 98
dialog: 62
text: Sayuri bows low to Hatsumomo.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: I was a maiko myself once.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Of course. But it’s been such a
dialog: very long, long, long, long...
text: The Baron and the men laugh. Sayuri continues demurely:
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont‘d)
dialog: ---time.
text: Hatsumomo bridles.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Little Sayuri has studied to be a
dialog: geisha for such a short time, she
dialog: hasn‘t learned her manners.
dialog: (to the General)
dialog: Tell me. Would you ever send a man
dialog: into battle before he's ready?
speaker_heading: THE GENERAL
dialog: Never. My men are trained to kill.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: (to Mameha)
dialog: Perhaps her debut came too soon.
speaker_heading: THE GENERAL
dialog: {stifling laughter)
dialog: On the contrary, Hatsumomo....I'd
dialog: say...I'd say she hit her
dialog: target!...
text: The Baron laughs, too, and the laughter grows, filling the
text: room. Hastumomo glares, ashen. Pumpkin bites her lip to keep
text: from grinning. Mameha smiles at how her protege has handled
text: herself. Sayuri bears the peaceful look of triumph.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT: SAYURI‘S ROOM. THE OKIYA. NIGHT/DAWN. [WINTER] 98
text: Abrupt awakening: Hatsumomo jerks Sayuri awake by the hair
text: and slaps her. In a quiet rage, she whispers:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: I shall destroy you.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 63
text: With another vicious yank, Hatsumomo leaves her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT 99
text: EXT: RICKSHAW GOING THROUGH A RURAL PARK AND OVER A BRIDGE 100
scene_heading: QUTSIDE OF MIYAKO. DAY. [WINTER]
text: Shaded by a colorful parasol, Mameha and Sayuri ride in A
text: RICKSHAW past an ornate pagoda; Sayuri in full maiko attire
dialog: and make-up.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: She can destroy you. She will
dialog: spread rumors, stalk you from tea-
dialog: house to tea-house, then steal your
dialog: clients and turn them over to
dialog: Pumpkin! All in the hope that Mrs.
text: Nitta adopts Pumpkin instead of
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What can we do?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: We've got to out-wit her. To find a
dialog: safe haven...somewhere beyond her
dialog: reach, where you can practice your
dialog: skills without any interference.
dialog: And I’ve found just the place.
dialog: (gives her a card)
dialog: Your first sumo match.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: It is sold out. Hatsumomo could
dialog: not gain admission if she were a
text: rat and scurried under the seats.
text: SAYURI smiles, her appetite whetted.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Today you will meet Iwamura Ken.
dialog: He founded the Iwamura Electric
dialog: Company in Osaka.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 101
scene_heading: 12/9/04 DOUBLE PINK REVISION 64
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: My client for years. His partner
dialog: Nobu...well, they say what he lacks
dialog: in charm, he makes up for in savvy--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: You don't approve of Nobu?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: He does npt approve of us. *
text: Off Sayuri’s dismayed look:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: You like a challenge, don't you?
text: Mameha laughs merrily, as the RICKSHAW passes over a graceful
text: bridge in the Japanese countryside.
scene_heading: INT. SUMO MATCH. DAY. [WINTER] 101
text: Suspended over the mounded dohyo (clay sumo ring) is a roof
text: resembling a,Shinto shrine, and hung at the corners with
text: giant colored tassels honoring the four season. All around
text: the ring rise tiers of boxes filled with kneeling SPECTATORS.
text: In the ring, two almost naked rikishi (FIRST PAIR OF SUMO
text: WRESTLERS) are already in combat as Mameha and Sayuri make
text: their way to the first tier boxes .~
text: As Sayuri and Mameha approach the box where their clients
text: wait, MEN turn their heads, looking to see which box will
dialog: receive the honor of two such beautiful geishas.
speaker_heading: MAMEBA
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Be attentive. i will do the rest.
text: Sayuri follows Mameha nervously toward two men seated ina
text: first tier box. Sayuri realizes that one of the two men
text: seems somehow familiar. He rises and greets Mameha warmly:
text: It is The Chairman. Sayuri’s heart is pounding as she bows:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Chairman Iwamura, President Nobu, *
dialog: this is my new younger sister
dialog: Sayuri.
speaker_heading: SAYURIT
dialog: Hajimemashite.
scene_heading: 12/9/04 DOUBLE PINK REVISION 65
text: As Sayuri gazes momentously into the face she has longed to
text: see, the Chairman abruptly averts his eyes, and speaks
dialog: instead to NOBU:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Nobu-san.
dialog: NOBU (42, strong presence of power and intelligence) ‘is
text: focused on the match. He cries out the name of the wrestler
text: whom he sponsors ("Tochinoyama!”), then berates him in
dialog: Japanese. The Chairman tries again:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont’d)
dialog: Nobul
text: When Nobu turns to greet Sayuri, she feels a slight shock:
text: Nobu's face is disfigured, badly scarred on one side; his
text: right hand is a web of puckered scars. Mameha deftly makes
dialog: the introduction --
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Nobu Toshikazu-san.
text: Nobu gives a shout as THE SECOND SET OF WRESTLERS mount the
text: ring. Mameha seats Sayuri between the Chairman and Nobu, and
text: manages to whisper in Sayuri’s ear:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
text: Injured in Manchuria. War hero.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Sayuri, is this your first
dialog: encounter with sumo?
text: Sayuri nods, too nervous to speak. She is aware of how close
text: they sit, her leg and his almost touching as they kneel.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont’d)}
dialog: Nobu-san will have to educate you.
dialog: I cannot tell one wrestler from the
dialog: next.
scene_heading: 12/9/04 DOUBLE PINK REVISION 66
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont'd)
dialog: (gestures around tent)
dialog: Did you notice our contribution?
text: Mameha notices the electric lights, gives a delighted cry.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Lovely!
text: The CHAIRMAN turns to Sayuri:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: We closed a new deal in the
dialog: countryside. We're harnessing the
dialog: power of water to bring electricity
dialog: to some of the smaller villages.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: It was in the newspaper, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: With the Chairman's picture, yes?
dialog: (teasing his friend)
dialog: You compensate for all my
dialog: shortcomings, don't you?
text: A RUNNER delivers a pot of tea and cups. Sayuri takes up the
text: pot to pour the Chairman his tea. She draws back her sleeve,
dialog: and breaks the silence:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: May I ask: How does someone harness
dialog: the power of water?
text: The Chairman glances at Sayuri's wrist, then meets her gaze
dialog: evenly--
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: You should never ask an engineer to
dialog: explain a thing. Because he will--
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Iwamura. Let the girl watch sumo!
text: Sayuri, teapot in mid-air, freezes, her gaze riveted: Across
text: the ring, Hatsumomo is arriving with Korin.
scene_heading: 12/9/04 DOUBLE PINK REVISION 67
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Korin, that little jade! She has
dialog: brought a guest.
text: They see: Hatsumomo looks through opera glasses at the
text: Chairman. Mameha raises her fan for a private tete-a-tete
dialog: with Sayuri:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont ‘d)
dialog: Quick, Turn your attention to Nobu--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (with dread)
dialog: But Mameha-neisan--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (rapid-fire)
dialog: She finds him repulsive. She’d
dialog: never steal him away. Mislead her.
text: Mameha lowers her fan. Instantly Sayuri shifts the teapot to
text: Nobu's cup. The Chairman's face falls, but he works to
text: conceal his disappointment. Sayuri improvises:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Perhaps Nobu-san will be kind
dialog: enough to explain the rules of the
dialog: match.
text: The Chairman glances into his cup; it’s only half full.
text: Mameha swoops in, pouring the rest of his tea.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Three things matter in life: Sumo,
dialog: business and war. Understand one,
dialog: you know them all. But why should
dialog: a geisha care? You spend your time
text: plucking strings, and dancing.
text: Nobu turns away, scowling; sips his tea. Sayuri senses
text: Hatsumomo watching. She redoubles her efforts.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I humbly beg to differ. What is
dialog: sumo but a dance between giants?
dialog: What is business but a dance
dialog: between companies?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I‘d@ like to know about every kind
dialog: of dance.
speaker_heading: Y
scene_heading: 12/9/04 DOUBLE PINK REVISION 68
text: The Chairman smiles, impressed. Nobu begrudgingly begins
dialog: pointing out elements of the match:
speaker_heading: NOBU
text: Shiomaki...They are throwing salt
dialog: to purify the ring.
text: The two combatants quickly move from their “fair play stance”
text: to a glowering crouth as they face off in the small ring.
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont ‘d)
dialog: That man is Miyagiyama. The
dialog: greatest fighter in Japan.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: But he is so tiny--
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Only compared to his opponent!
dialog: Miyagiyama may use hataki komi---
dialog: are you listening?
text: Sayuri has one eye on The Chairman, but quickly reforms:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Hataki komi is a movement a smaller
text: combatant uses to throw the larger
dialog: man off balance. Victory does not
dialog: always belong to the powerful--
text: Nobu watches intently as the Wrestlers prepare and throw more
text: salt, prepare again, building tension. He points brusquely:
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont’d)
dialog: Look. There. In his eyes.
text: The Wrestlers tense and prepare to charge. At the same time,
text: Mameha sees: Hatsumomo has left her seat and is making her
text: way toward them. Mameha gathers herself apologetically:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I am afraid our time has come to a
dialog: close--
speaker_heading: CHATRMAN
dialog: Going sc soon?
dialog: 102
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Not yet--I want her to see--
text: The Wrestlers crouch on their fists. Finally the larger man,
speaker_heading: SAIHO, charges.
text: MILYAGIYAMA uses the force of Saiho'’s impact to swivel out of
text: the way. In that same instant, he brings his hand down on
text: the back of Saiho's neck; Saiho flies over the lip of the
text: ring and sprawls into the SPECTATORS. The encounter is over
dialog: in less than two seconds.
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont ‘d)
dialog: Now that - is hataki komi.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I see now why you like Sumo.
dialog: (with compassion for
dialog: Nobu 's: deformities)
dialog: You can never judge a man’s power
text: by his appearance alone.
text: Nobu looks at Sayuri--full on--for the first time. He’s
dialog: truly touched by her insight. He says to Mameha:
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: You may bring her again.
scene_heading: A SHORT TIME LATER 102
text: Sayuri & Mameha leave the match, among a press of SPECTATORS:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What are we to do? Hatsumomo found
dialog: us again!
speaker_heading: MAMERA
dialog: Do not worry. Like a true sumo
dialog: wrestler, you threw her off
dialog: balance! Nobu is the perfect
dialog: diversion.
text: Sayuri peeks back at Chairman. Only Nobu watches them go.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Suppose he believes my
dialog: advances...suppose he takes an
dialog: interest in me?
dialog: ) 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
scene_heading: 12/9/04 DOUBLE PINK REVISION
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: And violates all his high-minded
dialog: morals? Never.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: But Oneisan...you heard him. He
dialog: asked to see me again.
speaker_heading: ' MAMEHA
dialog: (musing)
dialog: Yes....he did, didn’t he?
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: In the days ahead, Sayuri, I am
dialog: going to require all your trust. I
dialog: have it, don’t I?
text: Sayuri nods.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Good! Then our only enemy is time.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. OKIYA. [WINTER]
text: Sayuri digs through a stack of old newspapers near the stove.
text: She tears one open and finds: A BLACK & WHITE PHOTOGRAPH of
dialog: the Chairman.
speaker_heading: INT.
scene_heading: SAYURI'S ROOM. NIGHT. [WINTER]
text: Alone, Sayuri uses a hair ornament to pry out the false
text: bottom of a lacquered box. In the compartment, she places
text: the news photo of the Chairman next to the same handkerchief
dialog: he gave her so many years ago.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR MAMEHA’S APT. DAY. [SPRING]
text: Sayuri hastens over the Sonogawa footbridge.
text: from her balcony.
dialog: Mameha watches
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 71
scene_heading: INT. MAMEHA‘S APARTMENT. DAY. [SPRING] 106
text: Mameha uses the tiny blade of a folding knife to open the
text: seam of a beautiful maiko kimono. The MAID ushers Sayuri
text: in, then leaves.
speaker_heading: SAYURI '
dialog: Onei-san.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Tonight, we will deliver a quick
dialog: blow to Hatsumomo. Hataki komi.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: How?
text: Mameha drapes the kimono on Sayuri and checks the split seam
text: against Sayuri’s right leg.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: We will meet Nobu-san at the
dialog: Tsunashima restaraunt. But *
dialog: first....a visit to Dr. Crab!
text: Mameha ‘pinches the end of a smouldering charcoal pencil -
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Dr. Crab?
text: Mameha pulls up Sayuri’s kimono exposing her leg.
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont'd)
dialog: Onei-san!
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Hold still. It’s a little nickname
dialog: he has earned over the years.
text: Mameha pokes her eyebrow charcoal into the slit to mark
text: Sayuri’s leg. Sayuri looks on bewildered.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Now cut your leg where I've marked
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAMEBRA
dialog: Or I will cut it for you.
dialog: 107
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: * SAYURI
dialog: Onei-san...have you gone mad?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (suddenly, harshly)
dialog: Do you trust me, or don’t you?
dialog: Well?
text: Mameha’s dead seridus. Sayuri picks up the knife, her face a
dialog: study in perplexion.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Couldn't I just pretend to have a
dialog: stomach ache?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Go ahead! Do it!
text: Sayuri swallows hard, then presses the blade against the
text: charcoal mark on her thigh. She gives a gasp of pain. Mameha
text: says, almost with a lilt:
speaker_heading: . MAMEHA (cont ‘d)
dialog: And now we go fishing for a certain
dialog: Crab...
scene_heading: INT. DR. CRAB’S CLINIC & HOME. HANAMACHI. DAY. [SPRING] 107
text: DR. CRAB (45, odd, meticulous) wears a metal head reflector:
speaker_heading: DR. CRAB
text: Careless with the sewing scissors,
dialog: were you?
text: Mortified, Sayuri lies on the examining table under a ghastly
text: clinical light. She wears the kimono Mameha prepared for
text: her, opened to expose her pale thigh.
speaker_heading: DR. CRAB (cont‘d)
dialog: Right through your beautiful
dialog: kimono...Pity.
text: He inserts his forefinger through the slit and wiggles it,
text: his finger grazing Sayuri’s skin.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: It won’t leave a scar, will it?
dialog: Sayuri is a special girl at a very
dialog: special time in her life.
text: Dr. Crab instantly understands the allusion, of course.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
scene_heading: 12/2/04 TAN REVISED 73
speaker_heading: DR. CRAB
dialog: With those eyes, you must be quite
dialog: a commodity.
text: He examines the cut, bringing his face close to her leg.
speaker_heading: DR. CRAB (cont’d)
dialog: A clean cut. Won’t leave a mark, I
dialog: promise. But I‘d best prescribe a
dialog: bit of antiseptic--
text: He smiles down at Sayuri as his fingers massage some salve in
text: a circular fashion all around the tiny red wound.
speaker_heading: OMIT 4108
scene_heading: EXT: TSUNASHIMA RESTARAUNT. NIGHT. [SPRING] 109
text: Open-air verandas adjoin, decorated with glowing lanterns.
text: On the lower veranda, Hatsumomo attends the General and his
text: MILITARY CRONIES. She displays Pumpkin to them like a china
dialog: doll.
text: The CAMERA moves on & we see: On the next veranda, Nobu, the
text: Chairman and BUSINESSMEN chat amongst themselves.
text: Wrapped in fur-trimmed cloaks over their kimono, Mameha and
text: Sayuri prepare to enter. Mameha shows Sayuri a tiny origami
text: box that opens--like a blooming flower--to reveal a SWEET-
text: RICE CAKE with a dab of red.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Ekubo. At the right moment, slip
text: it to Nobu. Discreetly..
dialog: (at her puzzled look)
dialog: He will know what it means.
text: The MAIDS bring in trays. Sayuri and Mameha follow them in,
text: kimono hems ruffling in a liquid flow.
scene_heading: 10/27/04 SALMON REVISION 74
text: For a fleeting moment, Sayuri and the Chairman lock eyes; she
text: skirts past him. The Chairman smiles as Mameha bows:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Konbanwa.
text: At the General's table, Hatsumomo watches, amused, as Sayuri
text: obediently hurries to Nobu’s side. Nobu extends his sake cup
dialog: to Sayuri impatiently.
dialog: . Il ‘
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: You have kept us waiting.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Please forgive us, Nobu-san.
text: With an apologetic smile, Sayuri quickly takes up his bottle.
text: Sayuri sees: Hatsumomo, spilling gossip into the General’s
text: ear. In response, the General glances over at Nobu and
text: laughs. Then he whispers the gossip to the person next to
text: him. Soon, the scuttlebutt is circling the table.
text: Sayuri realizes--with a jolt--that Nobu is speaking to her.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: The Chairman thinks I should take
dialog: more pleasure in life...music, and
dialog: the theater! What is your
dialog: impression?
text: The Chairman looks to Sayuri, curious to hear her answer.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: It is useless to push a cart
dialog: sideways.
text: The Businessmen laugh. Sayuri blushes, amends:
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont'd)
dialog: One could not wish Nobu-san to be
dialog: anyone but Nobu-san.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: I could not agree more.
text: He extends his cup to Nobu warmly.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont‘d)
dialog: I owe this man everything. Kampai.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Kampai.
dialog: 2
scene_heading: 10/27/04 SALMON REVISION
text: The men drink.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: --He gives me too much credit, as
dialog: usual--
speaker_heading: 714A
scene_heading: 10/27/04 SALMON REVISION 75
text: The Chairman smiles at Nobu’s modesty.
text: A maid brings in a tray of fresh sake, and places it on the
dialog: table.
text: Nobu produces a small box wrapped in silk. He unwraps it,
text: and hands it to Sayuri.
speaker_heading: t NOBU (cont’d)
dialog: (downplaying the gift)
dialog: It’s a trinket. I found it a few
dialog: days ago.
text: An awkward silence. Sayuri, The Chairman and Mameha are all
text: speechless. Finally:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Why, Nobu. I had no idea you were
dialog: so sentimental.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Call it my new leaf.
text: The Chairman is quietly stunned.
text: Sayuri glances at Mameha, uncertain how to respond. Mameha
text: gives a signal nod: Thank him. Sayuri bows, blushing:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Arigato gozaimasu.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: My mother...she used to wear
dialog: something similar.
text: Nobu lifts the lid of the box: A simple but elegant COMB.
text: Sayuri just stares at it.
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont'd)
dialog: You do not like it?
dialog: 110
scene_heading: 10/27/04 SALMON REVISION 76
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Forgive me, I have never received a
dialog: present before.
text: A most unwelcome Hatsumomo appears, Pumpkin at her heels, en
dialog: route to another affair:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO '
dialog: Konbonwa. *
dialog: (She notices Nobu‘s gift) *
dialog: Ah, what a beautiful comb! *
text: Kneeling, she takes the comb from the box and--with a
text: surgeon’s precision--places the comb in Sayuri’s hair.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont'd)
dialog: Such a joyous moment, Sayuri!
dialog: (with a glance at Nobu, *
dialog: and then to Sayuri) *
dialog: You are finally getting what you
dialog: deserve.
text: As Hatsumomo steps away, Sayuri lifts her gaze in time to
text: catch the Chairman's guarded expression.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: How lovely.
text: Hatsumomo and Pumpkin bow before leaving:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: And now will you excuse us, please? *
dialog: We have another engagement. *
dialog: (to Mameha) *
dialog: Many, in fact. *
dialog: (as they leave) *
dialog: Pumpkin! *
text: And--like a sudden tsunami--they vanish. Discreetly, Mameha
text: produces from her sleeve the origami box: The mizuage cake.
text: Bowing to Nobu, Sayuri covertly slips the box into his
text: unscarred hand. Flustered, Nobu covers it with his scarred
text: hand at once. Chairman intuits what has happened, looks
text: away. Sayuri whispers:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: You are most kind.
scene_heading: EXT. HANAMACHI. LATER. SAME NIGHT. [SPRING] 110
text: Mameha hurries along, Sayuri tries to keep up. She looks
text: miserable, but Mameha is elated:
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: J * MAMEHA
dialog: Now--
dialog: (hands her origami box)
dialog: --give this one to Dr. Crab.
text: Sayuri takes the box, but blurts:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Mameha, please’!
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You’re upset.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I want to trust you, I do! But you
dialog: have to tell me what's going on--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
text: (her voice rising in
dialog: defense)
dialog: I am ensuring your future--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: But tell me how! TI beg you!
text: | J They step up into a rickshaw. Mameha explains:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I am trying to orchestrate a
dialog: bidding war.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Your most precious attribute.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: And what is that?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Your mizuage.
text: The rickshaw pulls away.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. HANAMACHI - CONTINUOUS 111
text: } Riding along in the rickshaw.
dialog: 
scene_heading: AUG-23-2825 17:38 FROM:
dialog: 112
scene_heading: 12/2/04 TAN REVISED 79
scene_heading: COVERED WALKWAY
text: The rickshaw pulls away in the backround as Mameha leads
text: Sayuri briskly down a covered walkway.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: When. you sjip the rice cake to Dr.
dialog: Crab it is a sign that says your
dialog: mizuage is ripe for sale. *
scene_heading: EXT. TANIZATO TEAHOUSE COURTYARD. NIGHT. [SPRING] 112
text: Mameha and Sayuri arrive at the entrance door. The TEA HOUSE
text: OWNER (female, 60, sophisticated) stops them:
speaker_heading: TEAHOUSE OWNER
dialog: fhe Doctor has no desire to see you
dialog: tonight. - Or any night.
text: Her sharp black eyes go to Sayuri accusingly and she shuts
text: the door. Mameha and Sayuri exchange a devastated look which
dialog: says: “Hatsumomo; who else?”
scene_heading: EXT/INT. ENTRANCE & OKIYA CORRIDOR. NIGHT. [SPRING] 113
text: As Sayuri approaches, she hears Hatsumomo berating Pumpkin:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO'S VOICE
dialog: I spent the whole night sipping
dialog: sake and beer--I need food,
dialog: Pumpkin! Noodles! Something! Go
dialog: out and fetch it now!
text: Pumpkin stumbles down the steep tansu steps, harried. She
text: draws up short at the sight of Sayuri and chokes back sobs.
text: Sayuri touches her but she pushes past:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Pumpkin...Pumpkin...
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: I am not supposed to speak to you--
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Hatsumomo can not treat you this
dialog: way--
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: --she can treat me however she
dialog: chooses--
text: Pumpkin groans inf frustration; her sandal thong has broken.
text: Sayuri quietly takes it from her to repair it:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Why can’t we speak, Pumpkin? You
dialog: were my first friend in the world--
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Our lives have changed now.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Hatsumomo went to see Dr. Crab,
dialog: yes?
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: chiyo- chan, I have to go--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (more pointedly now)
dialog: Didn't she?
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: I do not know-~-
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Of course you know--you shadow her
dialog: every step--
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: --if she did, would I tell you?--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: --if you still care for me--
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: --you expect me to betray my big
dialog: sister?--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: --has she made you cruel, too--
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (faltering)
dialog: --no--
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: My Pumpkin always told the truth--
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: --but--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: --the truth!---
text: Pumpkin fights her tears and finally breaks. She pulls
text: Sayuri into the dirt corridor of the okiya:
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Tonight...We went to the Tanizato
dialog: to see Dr. Crab! I sat outside,
dialog: but I could still hear through the
dialog: screen. Hatsumomo-neisan said to
dialog: him, “I live in the same okiya as
dialog: Sayuri!” His eyes got big, and he
dialog: said “Really? Tell me everything
dialog: about her!” And she said, “Oh,
dialog: sir, I mustn’t! It would only curl
dialog: your toes!” That made him even
dialog: More curious. “Well,” said
dialog: Hatsumomo-neisan, as smooth as
dialog: silk, “Did you know that she brings
dialog: men back to her room?” “No!” he
dialog: cried. “Common sailors, and
dialog: fishermen, too,” said Hatsumomo-
dialog: neisan. And the Doctor looked
dialog: queasy, like he didn’t want to hear
dialog: anymore. But she kept going. “At
dialog: all hours, of the night, like an
dialog: alleycat!.” And then the doctor
dialog: got very quiet, and stared for the
dialog: longest time at his hands. And
dialog: Hatsumomo-neisan said, “What‘’s the
dialog: matter? Have I told you more than
dialog: you wanted to know?”
dialog: Sayuri understands everything now.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN (cont'd)
dialog: I wanted to say something but how
dialog: could I, Chiyo-chan, how?
dialog: (then, still wincing)
dialog: Am I really like her? Am I?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Is Mameha-san cruel to you, too?
dialog: 114
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: No. She’s so kind to me, Pumpkin.
dialog: But sometimes I worry she’s taking
dialog: me further from the things I want.
text: Sayuri helps her slip on the mended sandal.
speaker_heading: ' PUMPRIN
dialog: That man, Nobu.
dialog: (wrinkling her nose)
dialog: Do you really like him?
speaker_heading: SAYURT
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: That‘s what I thought. Do you like
dialog: someone else?
dialog: 82
text: Sayuri looks at Pumpkin; does she know? Sayuri blushes, and
dialog: rises to leave:
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t worry about me, Chiyo-chan.
dialog: I'll be fine. Better than fine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mother plans to adopt me. ‘So my
dialog: dream of having someplace to live
dialog: out my life may come true. Jhah-
dialog: ne! .
text: Pumpkin hugs Sayuri then rushes out. Sayuri is stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. ZEN GARDEN. DAY. [SPRING]
text: As they walk, Mameha and Sayuri talk in low tones:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: We can still prevent it.
speaker_heading: SAYURIT
dialog: How? Hatsumomo has poisoned Dr.
dialog: Crab against mel
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Forget about him. There are plenty
text: of other fish in the sea.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: The Chairman has been kind--
speaker_heading: “114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 83
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Sayuri! Nobu and the Chairman are
dialog: business paxtners. They would
dialog: never bid against one another.
dialog: (beat) ‘
dialog: It is time we cast a wider net--
text: Mameha smiles, the wheels in her head turning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT: HANAMACHI. DAY. RAIN. [SPRING] 115
text: Rain falls mistily along the narrow side-streets. Hatsumomo
text: darts homeward from the bathhouse.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (V.0.)
dialog: Suppose you were the object of
dialog: every man’s fantasy——
speaker_heading: SAYURI (V.0.)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (V.0.)
dialog: --and became the most famous geisha
dialog: in all Miyako--
speaker_heading: SAYURI (V.0.)
dialog: But I am not.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (V.O.)
dialog: You will be--~
text: Hatsumomo sees a festival poster on a kiosk and stares in
text: disbelief: the PAINTING of a maiko with silver eyes can only
text: be Sayuri. She tears it down with a “rip.”
scene_heading: INT. TATAMI ROOM - OKIYA. DAY. 116
text: At the table Sayuri, Pumpkin, Mother and Auntie eat their
text: meal. Hatsumomo stalks in, the crumpled poster in her hand.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Who is responsible for this?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Ask Mameha.
text: Fumpkin stares at the poster, aghast.
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: How did Sayuri get to be the lead?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (to Pumpkin)
dialog: It’s your own fault! You should
dialog: practice more!
dialog: (to Hatsumomo )
dialog: You keep her otit too late, dragging
dialog: her from teahouse to teahouse--
text: Hatsumomo looks at Sayuri, outraged.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (still forlorn)
dialog: I want my picture made.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: (to Sayuri, insinuating)
dialog: What did Mameha do? Speak to the
dialog: director “in private?”
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Not every geisha uses that kind of
dialog: currency.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: I am looking forward to your
dialog: performance.
dialog: (with venom)
dialog: You know how I adore watching you
dialog: dance, Chiyo.
text: She departs, with a flick of her finger upturning a dish of
text: sauce over the poster of Sayuri.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. KABURENJO THEATRE AND COURTYARD LOBBY. NIGHT. 117
text: THEATRE-GOERS dressed in spring finery crowd the theatre
text: entrance. RICKSHAWS pull up in front. An elaborately
text: decorated one carries The GENERAL and HATSUMOMO. Blazing
text: white lanterns bank A HUGE POSTER of Sayuri and her silvery
text: eyes. Out in public, the image is even more imposing.
scene_heading: INT. KABURENJO THEATRE AND BACKSTAGE. NIGHT. 118
text: From the wings we see 10 MAIKO on stage in identical costumes
text: ~ Pumpkin among them, nervous and trying hard -- twirling
text: brilliantly colored fans.
dialog: a
dialog: 119
dialog: 85
text: Sayuri‘’s hands tremble as she tries in vain to slide a glass
text: ornament into her hair. Mameha glides into view in her
text: mirror; she presses her cheek to Sayuri’s and whispers:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: They‘ve all come...The Baron, Nobu-
dialog: san, our beloved Hatsumomo and that
dialog: dapper General of hers--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (a tad too fervently)
dialog: Anybody else?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (arching an eyebrow)
dialog: Even your old friend, Dr. Crab.
text: Gently, Mameha takes the glass ornament from Sayuri’s nervous
text: fingers, and expertly places it in her coiffure.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Onei-san. What if I dance poorly-
dialog: what if I disgrace myself, and no
dialog: one takes interest--?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Shhhh. You will be glorious! Now
dialog: it’s time.
speaker_heading: THE HANAMICHI 119
text: A FIGURE appears at the back of the house, dressed as a
text: courtesan in an ornate head-dress, in tall black lacquered
text: shoes, carrying a translucent parasol -- Sayuri, making her
dialog: entrance.
text: “Snow” falls as she dances her way along the mirrored
text: hanamichi (a long ramp that extends from the back of the
text: house to the stage). When she spies the Chairman in the
text: audience, she barely averts a stumble.
text: CLOSE UPS reveal Mother, Auntie, Mr. Bekku, The General,
text: Hatsumomo, Dr. Crab, The Baron, Mameha, and Nobu are watching
text: from the audience. They are moved by Sayuri’s dance of
text: unrequited love. The Chairman is particularly enthralled.
text: As the dance comes to a close--and Sayuri descends into the
text: madness of grief--she discards her parasol, steps out of her
text: shoes, loses her ornate cloak and soon falls weeping on the
text: hanamichi. The snow swirls around her.
scene_heading: AUG-23-2625 : FROM: P.36
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: AUG-23-2885 17:35 FROM!
dialog: Taking care of.a little nuisance?
dialog: ; a that .a naughty secret:
dialog: cee a at BS
dialog: The Baron, embarri BE ront of
text: angered look. - Mameha, stung, covers.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: AUG-23-2885 17:37 FROM:
dialog: 
scene_heading: AUG-23-20@5 17:39 FROM:
dialog: 
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (V.O.)(cont’d)
dialog: There's a reason Hatsumomo wants
dialog: you there. I. know the Baron well,
dialog: Sayuri. He has a weakness for
dialog: women like us...and he doesn't take
dialog: refusal lightly!
scene_heading: EXT. BARON'S GATES. DAY.'[SPRING] 122
text: The Limousine pulls up to the Baron‘s impressive GATES.
text: Sayuri steps out, followed by Bekku.
scene_heading: EXT. BARON'S ESTATE. DAY. [SPRING] 123
text: The Baron’s spacious Japanese gardens are dominated by a
text: magnificent old CHERRY TREE. PEACOCKS strut on the lawns.
text: Sayuri looks for The Chairman to no avail. Mr. Bekku follows
text: her, aloof. The Baron's WEALTHY PARTY GUESTS ~ in
text: fashionable Western clothes - take notice of Sayuri. They
text: crowd arourid her. Flashbulbs pop.
text: The Chairman, strolling by himself, hears the activity and
text: sees Sayuri, flustered, trapped by the horde. He cuts through-
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Excuse me. Sayuri. Today, even
text: the cherry blossoms are envious of
dialog: her.
text: --and escorts a grateful Sayuri to safety.
scene_heading: CHAIRMAN & SAYURI, WALKING ALONE 124
text: As she strolls beside the Chairman, Sayuri’s feet aren't
text: exactly on the ground.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Something I’ve been wanting to say
dialog: to you for some time now.
text: Sayuri‘s waits with bated breath. Then:
speaker_heading: CRAIRMAN (cont’d)
dialog: I‘d like to...to thank you for your
dialog: attention to Nobu.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: ) SAYURI
dialog: (hides disappointment)
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Nobu can be a difficult man. So
dialog: severe. Hates parties, sake only in
text: moderation, and he disdains geisha.
dialog: But...he is fond of you.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Because you admire him, I respect
dialog: him more.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: He would never tell you himself;
dialog: he’s far too modest. We were
dialog: fighting in Manchuria together.
dialog: There was an explosion. He
dialog: protected me from the worst of it.
dialog: As you might imagine, I owe him
dialog: quite a debt.
text: SAYURI nods, moved.
speaker_heading: ) CHAIRMAN (cont'd)
dialog: Nobu’s taught me a great deal.
dialog: Patience, for one thing. I-~in
dialog: turn--have tried to teach him. You
dialog: have to savor life while you can.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: The lesson of the cherry blossom.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: See? That is why Nobu likes you.
dialog: We must not expect happiness,
dialog: Sayuri. It is not something we
dialog: deserve. When life goes well, it’s
dialog: a sudden gift. It cannot last
dialog: forever.
text: Like this moment. A shower of cherry petals surprises them.
text: The Chairman smiles down at Sayuri as he gently removes each
text: petal from her hair.
speaker_heading: THE BARON'S VOICE
dialog: Ah Sayuri, there you are.
text: The Baron is above them on another path; Bekku lurks nearby.
speaker_heading: Jd THE BARON
dialog: I have a present for you.
speaker_heading: J 125
dialog: 91
scene_heading: INT: ESTATE - LATER. DAY INTO EVENING. [SPRING] 125
text: As the Baron leads Sayuri and Mr. Bekku deep into his Art
text: Deco Mansion, the SERVANTS discreetly close the shoji doors
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: THE BARON
dialog: Mameha &sked me to show you my
dialog: kimono collection...It’s quite
dialog: venerated. My grandfather and my
dialog: father collected kimono before me.
text: A shoji door slides shut, and Mr. Bekku disappears. Sayuri
text: looks back, alarmed. Yet another shoji closes, stranding her
text: alone with the Baron in the heart of the house.
speaker_heading: THE BARON (cont'd)
dialog: I’ve given a number of valuable
dialog: kimono to Mameha...I like to give
dialog: presents to beautiful girls.
text: Surrounding:them, burnished gold MIRRORS. The Baron presents
text: her with a folded kimono:
speaker_heading: THE BARON (cont‘d)
dialog: It's yours. Try it on.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: The Baron is too kind. I will
dialog: happily try it on. With Mameha-
dialog: neisan, when the Baron returns to
dialog: Miyako--
speaker_heading: THE BARON
dialog: Who knows when that will be? Put
dialog: it on. Now. Don’t be shy.
text: He pulls her against him and reaching behind her, jerks open
text: the knot of her obi-jime (obi cord). Sayuri pushes away, but
text: the silken obi cord spills to the mat.
speaker_heading: THE BARON (cont‘d)
dialog: Don’t worry. I am experienced in
text: knotting obis. Untying them as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Please...
text: The Baron takes her hand, forcing it against the bristles of
text: his cheek. Then he turns her palm upward, grazing it with
text: his lips. Sayuri tries to wrest her hand away.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont‘d)
dialog: Mr. Bekku is waiting--
speaker_heading: THE BARON
text: Bekku’s waiting for no one.
text: He begins to unwind her obi. Sayuri sees the Chairman‘s
text: handkerchief fall to the floor. '
text: She kneels and grabs it quickly. In that moment the Baron
text: unfastens the datejime -- the waistband underneath the obi.
text: Her kimono releases in front. Sayuri gives a cry and
text: clutches at the fabric, desperate to conceal herself.
text: The Baron grabs her from behind, pinning her arms back. He
text: looks at her in the mirror ahead: her kimono open, her eyes
text: closed, and her head turned away so that the curve of her
text: neck is exposed. He nuzzles her.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Stop, please. Stop now.
text: Undaunted, the Baron drops her outer kimono and it puddles
text: around her. She stands--almost naked--in her underkimono.
text: He releases that, too. Her under-kimono falls open.
text: Shamelessly, he reaches under it. She tries to resist, but
text: hands scuttle across her flesh like spiders.
speaker_heading: SAYURI(CONT'D) (cont‘d)
dialog: No. No...
text: The Baron unties her final garment. With a whisper of silk,
text: he loosens the koshimaki (final layer) from around her hips.
text: Sayuri sobs, and kneels low in an effort to hide her breasts.
text: The Baron kneels beside her, and coos tenderly:
speaker_heading: THE BARON
dialog: Sayuri, I only want to have a look.
dialog: Nothing wrong in that. Any man
dialog: would do the same.
text: As slowly as a parent might peel the cover from a sleeping
text: child, he opes Sayuri’s underrobe. Her beautiful back...the
text: heart-shaped curve of her naked hips...her tabi-feet peeking
text: out from beneath...
text: Slowly he forces her to sit up, whispering, coaxing, begging
text: her to stand naked before the glass. Sayuri turns her face
text: away, squeezing her eyes shut. Clenched in her fist, the
text: Chairman‘s handkerchief.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 93
text: As the Baron admires her body, he slips his own hand into the
text: dank crevices of his own kimono, to pleasure himself.
text: Sayuri, weeps silently; the very portrait of both beauty and
text: humiliation. Suddenly, she turns to him. Her eyes are
text: swimming with tears. They pierce his soul.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
dialog: . t
text: The sliding door slides open and the Baron strides out.
text: Behind him on the floor, Sayuri lies, cast aside amidst a
text: pile of silk.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT: ENTRANCE OF OKIYA. NEXT DAY. [SPRING] 126
text: Auntie pulls back the door to reveal Mameha. She is dressed
text: in formal black, and austere with anger.
scene_heading: EXT. OKIYA. VERANDA AND BACK GARDEN [SPRING] 127
text: Sayuri enters and bows.
speaker_heading: SAYURI’S VOICE
dialog: Onei-san.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I heard a message on the wind.
text: Alone with Mameha, Sayuri stands, head bowed:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont’d)
dialog: So careless!
dialog: (choking back furious
dialog: sobs)
dialog: You have ruined all our plans!
speaker_heading: SAYURL
dialog: I did nothing!
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Please, Sayuri, do not insult me--I
dialog: know the Baron better than that--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: He gave me a kimono -
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: You sold yourself for a kimono??
dialog: 128
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I did not sell myself!
text: She sees--to her dismay--that Mameha is unconvinced.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Today's the day I accept bids for
dialog: your mizuage! Well, what price can
dialog: I hope to demand, with a finger
dialog: pointed at your back?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: He looked at me. That's all, onei-
dialog: san.
dialog: -- which only wounds Mameha more.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: You will be examined at the mizuage
dialog: ceremony. If you're found to be
dialog: worthless -
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: - I am not worthless!
text: With a sorrowful look, Mameha leaves.
scene_heading: INT: TATAMI ROOM. & MOTHER’S ROOM-OKIYA. DAY INTO EVENING. 128
speaker_heading: [SPRING]
text: Seen through a slight opening in the shoji: Mameha is
text: sequestered in Mother‘s private office, managing the bids for
text: Sayuri’s mizuage. She negotiates on Mother's telephone.
text: In the TATAMI ROOM, Auntie keeps checking the wrist-watch she
text: keeps tucked in her obi.
text: Everyone is waiting: Sayuri, Pumpkin, Auntie too. They hear
text: the TELEPHONE ring, and the prompt click as Mameha grabs it.
text: Hatsumomo saunters in eating a yellow plum.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: How much longer is this going to
dialog: take?
text: Sayuri doesn’t gratify Hatsumomo with a reaction. The
text: TELEPHONE rings again.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont'd)
dialog: Besides, who wants a plum, when
dialog: someone has already had a bite?
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 95
text: She and Bekku exchange a covert look of triumph. Sayuri
text: hears the shoji door slide open. Mameha steps out, and
text: passes Mother a slip of. paper. Hatsumomo scoffs.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont'd)
dialog: What is it? Twenty yen? Thirty?
text: Mother fixes her glasses to her nose and peers at it
dialog: anxiously: ' .
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This can’t be the right amount--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I trust you agree; I have won the
dialog: wager.
text: Mother gapes at Sayuri, mute.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont’d)
dialog: Sayuri’s made history. No mizuage
dialog: has ever been sold for more. Not
dialog: even mine.
dialog: (a dramatic pause, and
dialog: then)
dialog: Fifteen thousand yen.
text: Sayuri stares, stunned. Hatsumomo and Pumpkin are floored.
text: Bekku chokes, Auntie begins to cry.
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: Unbelievable.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Arigato gozaimasu, oneisan.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Of course none of it will go to
dialog: Sayuri. Or to you, Mameha.
text: This stops Mameha, short. Mother announces smugly:
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont'd)
dialog: It goes to this okiya. All fifteen
dialog: thousand yen--to this estate--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I do not understand--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: --which Sayuri will inherit, as my
dialog: adopted daughter.
speaker_heading: VY
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 96
text: Gasps all around.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: You wouldn‘t dare-—
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (flaring too)
dialog: I’m entitled to do as I choose--
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: But you promised the okiya to
dialog: Pumpkin--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (scoffing at Pumpkin)
dialog: Look at her! Still a virgin maiko!
text: Choking back sobs, Pumpkin bolts from the room. Sayuri
text: watches after her, her glee momentarily dimmed:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Can't you adopt us both?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Quiet, Sayuri!
dialog: (back to Hatsumomo)
dialog: I‘m no fool. Pumpkin would only be
dialog: your puppet. How long will it take
dialog: before you kick us out onto the
dialog: street--
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: But I have given you my life--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes! Your impudence! Your foul
dialog: temper!
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Who paid for the silk on your back?
dialog: The rice in your bowl? The
dialog: tobacco in that pipe of yours?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't exaggerate! You have never
dialog: even had a danna--no, oh no--
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: (sensing what’s to come)
dialog: Don‘t say it-- .
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You chose that no-good Koichi-~-
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Stop itt ‘
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sneaking through your window at all
dialog: hours of the night--
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Enough!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Not like a geisha--like a common
dialog: prostitute!--
speaker_heading: BATSUMOMO
dialog: Quiet!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Besides, you are getting old.
text: An icy chill descends between the two women.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont'd)
dialog: But Sayuri... Sayuri is destined to
dialog: become a legend.
text: Simmering, Hatsumomo starts to leave.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: My dear, okasan...we will see,
dialog: won't we?
text: Mother turns to her newly-adopted daughter:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sayuri, your room is too small.
dialog: Take Hatsumomo’s.
text: This stops Hatsumomo cold in her tracks; she shoots Sayuri a
dialog: look that says, “I'm not done with yet.”
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont'd)
dialog: From now on, your name is Nitta
dialog: Sayuri.
dialog: 129
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 98
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont'd)
dialog: (to Sayuri)
dialog: You may thank me.
text: Sayuri, speechless, bows. With a flare of her kimono,
text: Hatsumomo is gone. Mameha excuses herself to Sayuri and
dialog: Mother:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: I’m happy to forsake my share of *
dialog: the money, on Sayuri’s behalf. As *
dialog: Miyako’s most renowned geisha, she *
dialog: will no doubt be a credit to us *
dialog: all. *
text: she turns to Sayuri, and says soulfully: *
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd) *
dialog: May I congratulate you both.
text: Mameha bow and leaves. Sayuri hurries after her:
scene_heading: EXT. OKIYA. NIGHT. [SPRING] 129
dialog: Sayuri catches Mameha in the street: : *
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Oneisan!
dialog: (her voice choking with *
dialog: gratitude) *
dialog: Everything we wanted, you made
dialog: happen. Thank you.
text: She realizes Mameha is suppressing tears.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Isn‘t success sweet?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: May I ask who--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Dr. Crab.
text: From Sayuri, a sharp intake of breath.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Was Nobu disappointed?
text: Mameha tries to keep her voice even:
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 98A
speaker_heading: ’ MAMEHA
dialog: Nobu did not bid. It was against
dialog: his mighty principals.
dialog: (beat, then painfully)
dialog: Dr. Crab was opposed by The Baron.
dialog: My Baron. You want to know the
dialog: truth, Sayuri?
dialog: {a difficult confession)
dialog: He was the highest bidder. Forgive
dialog: me...but I let it go to Dr. Crab.
dialog: I think you understand why.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
scene_heading: 10/12/04 BLUE REVISION 99
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I swear to you, I am innocent -
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Of course you are! Wo man would
dialog: bid so much for a thing he had
dialog: already taken. It is my own fault.
dialog: I did not protect you. :
text: And then Mameha brushes aside these serious thoughts in favor *
dialog: of a more tender one:
dialog: *
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont’d) *
dialog: Celebrate this moment, Sayuri. *
dialog: Tonight, the lights in the *
dialog: Hanamachi all burn for you. *
text: She bows a deeply respectful bow. Sayuri returns it.
speaker_heading: OMIT 130
scene_heading: INT. DR. CRAB‘S CLINIC & HOME. EVENING. [SPRING] 131
text: Under a clinical light, Dr. Crab prepares a futon with white
text: hospital sheets. He sets a high pillow at one end of the
text: futon, and a low pillow next to it for himself. He smooths a
text: hospital towel across the mid-section.
text: Sayuri is led in to the room by Dr. Crab’s elderly maid.
text: Sayuri wears a pretty kimono robe. The maid closes the shoji
text: screen and exits.
text: Crab opens a wooden case that contains twenty or thirty
text: sealed vials. In each is a brown-stained wad of cotton. Dr.
text: Crab opens an empty vial and fastidiously prepares a square
text: of clean gauze. He takes up a pen and writes a label:
dialog: “Sayuri.”
text: We SEE among the vials, similarly marked: Each is labeled
text: with a geisha’s name. Among them is a vial marked: “Mameha”.
text: Dr. Crab indicates the futon and helps Sayuri lie down. He
text: settles her head on the high pillow. He lifts her hips and
text: slips the towel. under her. He adjusts the light, and loosens
text: the tie around her robe. He unties his own.
text: He opens her kimono as his body moves in to obliterate hers.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
scene_heading: 10/15/04 YELLOW REVISION 100
scene_heading: EXT. HANAMACHI. NIGHT. [SPRING]
text: Sayuri returns from her vigit to Dr. Crab in a rickshaw; She
text: looks resplendent in a yellow silk kimono. Its collar is now
text: a vivid white.
scene_heading: INT. OKIYA. NIGHT. [SPRING]
text: The shoji screens. to the tatami room are open; Sayuri enters
text: to find Mother waiting. Mother rises and comes to her; in
text: Sayuri‘s face, 4 change: the knowledge she has entered a new
text: realm. Tenderly, Mother cradles Sayuri’s face in her hands.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My daughter. You have turned the
dialog: collar. You are a full geisha now.
text: Sayuri smiles, coy but proud. She hurries up the tansu
dialog: stairs to her room:
scene_heading: INT. SAYURI'S NEW ROOM (HATSUMOMO'S OLD ROOM). NIGHT.
speaker_heading: [ SPRING}
text: Hatsumomo, lounges on Sayuri’s futon with her back to the
text: door. A single oil lamp on a low table lights the room:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What are you doing in my room?
text: With a sardonic smile, Hatsumomo
dialog: ranks:
text: welcomes Sayuri into her own
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: I came to congratulate you.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Please get out.
text: Hatsumomo laughs, and rolls over to reveal: she‘s found
text: Sayuri’s lacquered box and is rifling through her keepsakes!
dialog: The photo of the Chairman, the handkerchief--
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: why, little Chiyo! Look what I
dialog: found.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
scene_heading: 10/15/04 YELLOW REVISION 101
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO = (cont'd)
dialog: (re: handkerchief)
dialog: --his initials; how elegant.
dialog: You‘ve been hiding this for a long
dialog: time--
text: Hatsumomo dips the handkerchief into an oil lamp.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO (cont’d)
dialog: The sacrifice every Geisha must
dialog: make--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Don’t.
text: Sayuri lunges for her. Hatsumomo falls against a kimono
text: mounted on display rods. Sayuri grapples for the Chairman’s
text: handkerchief. Hatsumomo skirts away and runs to HATSUMOMO‘S
dialog: ROOM (Sayuri’s old room)-—
text: -- and tries to slam the shoji on Sayuri’s hand, but Sayuri
text: gets in.
text: Hatsumomo stuffs the handkerchief into her kimono:
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Isn’t this where you keep it? Next
dialog: to your heart?
text: Sayuri rips Hatsumomo’s kimono open. As they struggle for
text: the handkerchief, Sayuri’s HAIR ORNAMENT falls out onto the
text: floor; it has a long lethal- ~looking double-pronged shaft with
text: pointed tips. Both women seize on the same thought: It is a
dialog: weapon.
text: Hatsumomo darts for the ornament but Sayuri snatches it up
text: and holds it like a knife. Hatsumomo tries to wrench it from
text: her. In a counter-move, with sumo-like agility: Sayuri
text: releases the hair ornament to grab the handkerchief away from
dialog: Hatsumomo.
text: With a cry, Hatsumomo flies at her, stabbing at Sayuri with
text: the lethal hair pin. Sayuri flees -
text: -- into the corridor, where she knocks into one of several
text: oil lamps. It sways crazily, making bizarre shadows. Sayuri
text: ducks away.
text: Hatsumomo yanks Sayuri back, off-balance. Sayuri twists free
text: but stumbles and nearly falls down the tansu stairs. She
text: catches herself.
text: Hatsumomo swipes at her with the hair pin. Sayuri recovers
text: and runs into HER OWN ROOM, slamming the shoji. Hatsumomo
text: stabs the fragile old rice paper, puncturing it so--
speaker_heading: eee OF *
dialog: **
dialog: *
scene_heading: 10/15/04 YELLOW REVISION 102
text: -- the hair pin barely misses Sayuri’s face on the other
text: side. Sayuri recoils. Hatsumomo throws open the shoji with
text: a Madwoman’s strength. She runs at Sayuri -~
text: Sayuri deflects the blow with a pillow. Hatsumomo slashes
text: the pillow, and buckwheat husks fly. Sayuri throws the
text: pillow at Hastumomo’s face. Hatsumomo swipes blindly with
text: the hairpin, hacking away at the air --
dialog: 1 ,
text: Mother brings down her bamboo stick, hard. Hatsumomo gives a
text: cry of pain and grabs her wrist. The hair pin falls. Mother
text: picks it up.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (to Hatsumomo)
dialog: I should have kicked you out long
dialog: ago.
text: Hatsumomo is breathing in frantic gasps, clutching her wrist,
text: her clothing torn and her hair wild.
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: I’ should have left long ago!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Get out!
speaker_heading: HATSUMOMO
dialog: Very well...but before I go, let me
dialog: end this...my gift to all of youl!
text: she picks up the oil lamp and throw’s it at Sayuri‘s kimono.
text: They ignite, sparking a flame.
text: In great gulps, FIRE devours the water image on one of
dialog: Sayuri‘s kimono.
text: Mother grabs Sayuri’s quilt and tries to smother the flames.
text: Sayuri snatches her kimono, trying to save them. Inspired
text: now, Hatsumome bolts for the corridor and grabs another oil
text: lamp off the wall. She hurls it toward Sayuri, who ducks.
text: The lamp crashes against a rice paper wall, and ignites it.
text: Pumpkin rushes up the tansu stairs. Hatsumomo cracks an oil
text: lamp against the wall, showering glass on Pumpkin. Shaken,
text: Pumpkin retreats down the stairs.
text: In the KIMONO ROOM, Auntie desperately grabs red lacquered
text: boxes. Pumpkin rushes to her aid.
dialog: 5
dialog: Upstairs,
scene_heading: 10/15/04 YELLOW REVISION 102A
text: the okiya starts to scorch and cinder. Hatsumomo
text: sinks down amongst the flames, which are as angry as the fire
text: in her eyes.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 103
scene_heading: INT./EXT: OKIYA. DAWN. [SPRING] 135
text: Aftermath and a red sky. “In the quiet dawn, Hatsumomo walks
text: away, bereft of everything, even her household possessions. *
text: She turns back to stare at the okiya a final time, her face *
dialog: smeared with ash. | : *
text: The second floor is blackened by fire, but the house still *
text: stands. Through the skeletal frame of a shoji screen window, *
text: Sayuri watches as Hatsumomo turns, vanishing into the mist. *
text: From above, the MENACING ROAR of AIRPLANES. A FORMATION OF *
text: ALLIED BOMBERS flies low over the torii gate, their *
text: Bilhovuettes terrifying against the reddish sky. *
text: Suddenly, the LURCHING ROAR of MILITARY TRUCKS--
scene_heading: EXT. HANAMACHI & SHINTO SHRINE - DAWN. [WINTER] 136
text: --TRUCK WHEELS turn as JAPANESE MILITARY TRUCKS cross the
text: bridge into the Hanamachi. JAPANESE SOLDIERS unload and
text: disperse, begin pounding on doors of okiyas. A TRUCK fitted
text: with a loudspeaker cruises by:
scene_heading: TRUCK LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: “This sector is to be evacuated,
dialog: everyone mist leave. - This
dialog: district is closed by official
dialog: order. Please cooperate...”
scene_heading: EXT. YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE & HANAMACHI STREET. DUSK. [WINTER] 137
text: The teahouse lanterns are extinguished. Theatre posters peel
text: on the long wall where GEISHA huddle in clusters, belongings
text: heaped around them. SOLDIERS patrol as the geisha wait.
text: MILITARY TRUCKS arrive. SOLDIERS herd a group of frightened
text: geisha into the back compartment. They toss aside the
text: geishas‘ belongings - not enough room in the truck. KORIN
text: fights to be allowed onto the truck.
text: Chairman steps down from a truck and pays the Soldier -- he
text: has bribed his way into the Hanamachi. Chairman strides
text: off, followed at a respectful distance by an ELDERLY SERVANT.
text: Chairman walks past GEISHA huddied on the ground, wrapped in
text: quilts and finery. Some geisha cook over tiny fires.
text: OTHERS sell their finery to each other. Money changes hands.
text: Chairman keeps searching.
dialog: d)
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 103A
text: The SOUND OF MORE BOMBERS passing overhead. Sayuri,
text: consoling Mameha, looks up to see the Chairman striding
text: toward them. Mameha gives a relieved cry:
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Chairman! They are sending us
dialog: away, but they won‘t say where--
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Osaka, to work in the factories.
dialog: But you must not go. The city is a
dialog: prime target; they have already
dialog: bombed the train station. Get your
text: things, quickly.
text: Sayuri & Mameha take their bundles. Sayuri grabs her
text: shamisen. The Chairman leads them toward rickshaws:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont’d)
dialog: Nobu and I are trying to find safe
dialog: havens for as many of you as we
dialog: can. Here —
text: He passes Mameha to a DRIVER and hands her a certificate --
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont‘d)
dialog: - Work certificate. Nurse's aid in
dialog: Wadayama. Best I could do. Friend
dialog: of mine is Chief Surgeon there.
dialog: Hurry!
dialog: (to RICKSHAW DRIVER)
dialog: Take care of her.
text: The Rickshaw Driver assists Mameha into his rickshaw. Mameha
text: realizes that she and Sayuri are to be separated:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Sayuri-chan! I will write to you!
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Oneisan!
dialog: Chairman has handed Sayuri’s bundle to the Elderly Servant:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: This is Arima; he will take you
dialog: into the hills. Nobu has got a
dialog: friend there; a kimono-maker. He
text: is sewing parachutes now.
dialog: (gives her certificate)
dialog: Anyone stops you, show them this.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Do I have to go?
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: It’s remote, you will be safe---
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 105
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What about you? You said Osaka was
dialog: dangerous---
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Our factory's there. I have no
dialog: choice.
dialog: (then) :
dialog: I will express your gratitude to
dialog: Nebu-san.
text: Her gaze is locked on his as her rickshaw pulis away.
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘S VOICE
dialog: Because I had endured starvation
dialog: and hard work before, I knew I
dialog: could survive.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: omit
speaker_heading: OMI?
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL RIVER. MIYARO HILLS. 1945. DAY [AUTUMN].
text: THE OMINOUS REFLECTION OF AIRPLANES IN DARK WATER
text: The water ripples in their trembling wake.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE {CONT‘D)
dialog: But for what purpose? The war was
dialog: so devastating, so brutal. We
dialog: weren’t merely defeated...we were
dialog: destroyed. Whole cities
text: evaporating in clouds of smoke.
dialog: *
dialog: +e OF
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: ee OF
dialog: 143
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 106
text: An inky red liquid the color of BLOOD begins to course
text: through the water's current, billowing in sanguine clouds.
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: The people I knew...after years of
dialog: blood-shed, what terrible fates had
dialog: befallen them?
text: We follow the bloodish liquid down its watery path...where
dialog: will it take us? Toward some terrible carnage?
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: Most of all, the Chairman.
text: Now, we see the source of the tincture: long bolts of cloth,
text: newly dyed, unfurled in the water like floating banners.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE (cont‘d)
dialog: Was he even alive? And if
dialog: s50...would he even remember? I
dialog: thought of my old life as a geisha
dialog: in the Hanamachi. It felt as
text: remote--as hazy--as a dream.
text: Standing knee-deep in a river, her clothing rolled to her
text: waist, a PEASANT WOMAN: we barely recognize that it’s Sayuri.
text: The Kimono maker ARASHINO (middle-aged, weathered, kind)
text: oversees as she and a host of OTHER WORKERS rinse their
dialog: textiles.
speaker_heading: ARASHINO
dialog: When you’ve finished, you can
dialog: string it up to dry, along with the
dialog: others.
text: Sayuri raises her hands from the stream; her skin is stained
dialog: with dye.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Near the RIVER: Tail bamboo poles suspend billowing “prayer
text: flags" of drying kimono fabric. Among OTHER WORKERS, Sayuri
text: hangs the fabric. A YOUTH hurries to her, calling -
speaker_heading: YOUTH
text: Sayuri. A man from Osaka has come
dialog: te see you.
text: Sayuri drops her work and pushes through the wilderness of
text: fluttering silk panels. As she hastens, she pulls a
text: peasant’s scarf off and tries to neaten her hair.
dialog: id
dialog: +e
dialog: 143
dialog: *
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 106A
text: Her heart in her throat, Sayuri sees a man in a fedora making
text: his way toward her through the luminescent banners of silk.
text: She believes for a moment it is the Chairman. The silk
text: lifts, and her heart falls: The man is Nobu.
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 107
speaker_heading: 144 LATER : 144
text: Nobu and Sayuri wander among the siik banners:
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: General Tottori was captured, and
dialog: tried ad a war’ criminal. The Baron
dialog: lost his fortune and committed
dialog: suicide-—
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What about the okiya?
speaker_heading: NOBU
text: Mr. Bekku is gone, but the others--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Auntie and Mother?
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: --indestructible as always.
dialog: Sayuri summmons the courage to ask the foremost question on
dialog: hex mind.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: And the Chairman?
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: As well as can be expected.
text: From his pocket, Nobu takes a tiny shard of concrete rubble:
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont'd)
dialog: This is all that remains of our
dialog: factories.
text: She touches him tenderly.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I am so sorry, Nobu-san.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Sayuri, We want to rebuild. But to *
dialog: do that, we will need your help.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What can I do?
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Somewhere under those rags...are
dialog: you still the greatest geisha in
dialog: Miyako? °
text: Sayuri hides her stained hands,
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: {with a rueful laugh)
dialog: If a tree has no leaves or
dialog: branches, can you still call it a
dialog: tree?
speaker_heading: NOBU
text: With nothing but rubble at my feet,
dialog: can I still call myself a business
dialog: man?
dialog: 108
text: He takes her work-worn hand in his, noticing its roughened *
text: and patchy stains.
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont'd)
dialog: I should have taken better care of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Please. You saved my life. I owe
dialog: you so much in return. :
text: He gives her hand an affectionate squeeze.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: The Chairman and I need American
dialog: financing. There's a man-~a .
dialog: certain Colonel] Derricks--who has
dialog: the power to grant us a contract.
dialog: I showed him your picture. He
dialog: requested to meet you.
speaker_heading: ee eR
dialog: o>~
speaker_heading: Ww
dialog: 145
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 109
text: He looks at her, imploringly. *
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont ’d)}
dialog: I am not a persuasive man, Sayuri.
dialog: But...if you and a few geisha would *
dialog: once again put on your kimono and
dialog: join us--we could show the *
dialog: Anhericans how hospitable our *
dialog: country can be-- *
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (with longing)
dialog: How I wish, Nobu-san! But -that was
dialog: a long time ago.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: I have no doubt, Sayuri, that you
dialog: could still melt the heart of any
dialog: man, ho matter how resistant.
text: This slightly bald confession gives Sayuri pause; she doesn't
dialog: want to encourage Nobu.
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont'd)
dialog: I am not accustomed to begging.
dialog: But please know that--if you
dialog: consent--the Chairman and I would
dialog: be most grateful.
text: Just his name exerts its inexorable pull. SAYURI’s torn.
dialog: What should she do?
scene_heading: EXT: THE HANAMACHI. DAY. [AUTUMN]. 145
text: Dressed in peasant work trousers, her hair in a long tail,
text: carrying a very small bundle, Sayuri crosses the bridge into
text: the Hanamachi, past the Shinto shrine. She is stunned to see
text: a world utterly transformed and corrupted:
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 110
text: On the main street, SOUVENIR SHOPS selling tea sets and cheap
text: cotton kimono: “KIMONO $$20$$". AMERICAN flags are plastered
text: everywhere; American JEEPS clog the streets. A RESTAURANT
text: touts “HAM BURGER”. At a shop, WOMEN stamp a “geisha face”
text: on scores of identical plaster dolls in paper kimono.
text: Clusters of AMERICAN G.I.s in “civvies” weave down the street
text: - they are drunk in broad daylight. The G.I.s shout at
dialog: Sayuri, overly-friendly:
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN G.I.
dialog: Hey, Mama-san! Where ya going? etc
text: Sayuri evades by ducking into an alley. She emerges at:
scene_heading: EXT: TANIZATO TEAHOUSE. DAY. [AUTUMN] 146
text: AMERICAN G.I.s stand in a long queue, watched by MPs under
text: signs: “1 CHIT PER G.I.” “YOU MUST ACCEPT THE GIRL YOU ARE
text: ASSIGNED.” At the entry, Sayuri sees:
text: JAPANESE PROSTITUTES in cheap kimono greet the G.I.s.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA’S VOICE
dialog: Tell Nobu there are so few genuine
dialog: geisha left in Miyako!
scene_heading: INT: MAMEHA’S APARTMENT. DAY. [AUTUMN] 147
text: Mameha’s place is run-down; divided by makeshift curtains
text: into small rooms. Mameha is elegant even in a cotton kimono
text: with a frayed white collar; but she has a shattered quality
text: now; a fragility Sayuri has not seen before.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (CONT'D)
dialog: Only “geesha girls"! Every hooker
text: with a painted face and a silk
dialog: kimono says she’s one of us! No one
dialog: can tell the difference anymore!
speaker_heading: SAYURL
dialog: All the more reason for us to
dialog: oblige him--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: To show them the truth of who we
dialog: are--not the common women they
dialog: believe us to be--
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Sayuri...when my poor Baron filled
dialog: his pockets with stone...I was
dialog: desperate. What could I do? I
dialog: sold my kimono. I traded my jade
dialog: combs for rations. It was painful
dialog: at first, but I have made my peace.
text: A FEMALE BOARDER carries' HER BABY through the room, en route
text: to the street. When she’s out of ear-shot, Mameha continues:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: Now I make a small but tidy living,
dialog: renting rooms. I am not about to
dialog: start chasing the past--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: It might do you good.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: To remind you that--once with a
dialog: single glance--you could bring a
text: man like the Baron to his knees.
text: Mameha‘s conviction falters. She’s tempted now.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Well...I did keep one kimono.
text: Sayuri looks up, hopeful. Mameha rummages among her things
text: and takes out an ornate kimono box:
speaker_heading: MAMEHA (cont'd)
dialog: The Baron gave it to me, when he
dialog: became my danna.
text: They reverently caress the fabrics: Gorgeous relics of a time
text: now lost. Saruyi‘s eyes brim with gratitude.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Thank-you, O-neisan.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: So tell me. What do we know about
dialog: entertaining Americans?
speaker_heading: J 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 112
scene_heading: EXT: YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE. DAY. [AUTUMN] 148
text: Across JAPANESE POSTERS are plastered U.S.O. canteen
text: announcements and G.I. graffiti: “KILROY WAS HERE”.
scene_heading: INT. YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE. DAY. [AUTUMN] , 149
text: Bare-chested AMERICAN G.I.s in boxer shorts and dog-tags
text: spill out of a tea room, laughing.
text: Drunken SERVICE MEN clumsily dance with fans to a RECORD
text: PLAYER’s American pop music. One GI strums a shamisen as if
text: it were a guitar. PUMPKIN, in a garish kimono with dog tags
text: around her neck and an officer's cap on her head, “teaches”
text: them, laughing and flirting and smoking a cigarette between
dialog: her teeth.
text: A G.I. kisses Pumpkin on the mouth. Pumpkin sees a peasant
text: girl watching from the corridor:
text: The peasant girl is Sayuri.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (with a squeal)
dialog: Chiyo? Hey, Chiyo-chan! Is that
dialog: you?
scene_heading: INT/EXT: RUN-DOWN NOODLE BAR - HANAMACHI. NIGHT. [AUTUMN]. 150
text: Broken-hearted Japanese music whines. Wedged at a tiny
text: noodle bar, Pumpkin slurps her soup and smokes at the same
text: time. STEAM rises from pots, half-obscuring PEOPLE waiting
text: behind them: WORKING CLASS JAPANESE and a few AMERICAN GIs.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I have no right to ask favors of
dialog: you, Pumpkin. I know that--
text: PUMPKIN ignores Sayuri‘s remark, and says blithely:
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Guess what? I only smoke
dialog: Chesterfields now.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I have wanted to apologize to you
dialog: for so long-- about the okiya--
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (still ignoring her)
dialog: These soldier-boys, you know who
dialog: they've got me singing--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: --it should have gone to you, not
dialog: me--
dialog: ! ‘
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: --Frank Sinatra, and Dinah Shore--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: --if it is in your heart to forgive
dialog: me-~
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: Sayuri, don’t.
text: Pumpkin looks at Sayuri. Underneath her tough demeanor,
text: Sayuri can still see the impish spirit of her old friend.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN (cont‘d)
dialog: The honest truth? I‘d rather chew
dialog: sand than go back to all that.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Then you are not angry with me?
text: PUMPKIN exhales, blowing smoke.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Don’t worry about me, chickadee -
dialog: I’ve got more clients than I can
dialog: handle.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: You seem so at home with these
dialog: Americans.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (with a sly wink)
dialog: They‘re bastards.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So who‘s this Colonel? Sounds like
dialog: top brass.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: He has the power to approve
dialog: American financing for Nobu and the
dialog: Chairman.
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 114
text: Pumpkin slurps her soup, finishing it --
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: So is he willing to pay us American
dialog: dollars? Cash?
text: She locks at Sayuri expectantly, hunger in her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. TATAMI ROOM - OKIYA. NIGHT. [AUTUMN]. 151
text: Western sofas and chairs dominate the room, which is stacked
dialog: with liquor and cigarettes, sewing machine parts, light
dialog: bulbs, samurai swords, K-rations - anything that can be sold
text: on the black-market. In a haze of tobacco smoke, a WOMAN
text: with bobbed hair talks on the telephone. The black-marketer
dialog: is Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don’t waste my time. You think I’m
dialog: a sucker? I want sixty cases Lucky
dialog: Strike or I’m taking my business to
dialog: Sergeant MacPhee...
text: KIKO (9, Auntie’s new girl) runs through, carrying towels to -
speaker_heading: KITCHEN 152
text: Sayuri‘s wet hair streams down the back of her under-kimono.
text: Sayuri scrubs her hands ruthlessly in a steaming little bowl
text: of bleach and water, using a hard brush.
speaker_heading: KIMONO ROOM 153
text: Sayuri digs through the stacks of black market goods piled
text: high in the kimono room. She finds a lone dusty kimono box
text: and opens it.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S ROOM . 154
text: With her sewing box open on the floor, Sayuri expertly sews a
text: new collar onto the frayed old kimono.
scene_heading: INT: SAYURI’'S ROOM - OKIYA. NEXT DAY. [AUTUMN] 155
text: Sayuri’s hair is smoothed into a modest twist. She wears the
text: newly-repaired kimono. She stares: traces of Miyako’s most
text: celebrated geisha, restored. Auntie (older, thinner) ties
text: her obi. Kiko watches. Auntie finishes:
dialog: 156
scene_heading: 12/2/04 TAN REVISED 115
speaker_heading: AUNTIE
dialog: See? You are yourself again.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING STRIP WITH HANGAR. DAY. [AUTUMN] 156
text: On the tarmac, an U.S. transport PLANE idles. At the open
text: hangar door a U.S. ARMY JEEP deposits Sayuri. She sees:
text: The Chairman, standing alone, his back to her. Sayuri
text: approaches, her heart pounding. The Chairman turns:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN /
dialog: Sayuri, just look at you. It’s as
dialog: if the war never happened.
text: His face opens in a smile. Sayuri bows, overcome.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I am so glad to see that the
dialog: Chairman is safe.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Please accept my apologies, asking
dialog: this of you--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: There is nothing I can do to return
dialog: your kindness.
text: But even as she speaks, a voice intrudes -
speaker_heading: NOBU (0.C.)
dialog: Sayuri!
text: Then she sees: The Chairman is with Nobu and Mameha (elegant
scene_heading: in a kimono) and TWO AMERICANS - COLONEL DERRICKS (50, career
text: Army) is worldly, with an off-the-cuff charm that masks his *
text: baser appetites. His Lieutenant, HUTCHINS (32, West Point)-- *
dialog: is considerably greener and more impressionable-- *
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont'd) *
dialog: May I present Colonel Derricks.
text: With a coy smile Sayuri bows; DERRICKS follows suit. *
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: Konichiwa. You're even more *
dialog: stunning in person. My associate, *
dialog: Lieutenant Hutchins.
dialog: (to Hutchins)
dialog: Sayuri is one of the Mysteries of
dialog: the Orient I’ve told you about-~ *
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: A mystery that perhaps you can
dialog: solve.
text: Hutchins holds up a camera:
speaker_heading: HUTCHINS
dialog: Would you mind?
text: Sayuri’s eyes meet the Chairman's briefly. He smiles,
text: sympathetic. The Colonel offers Sayuri his arm and a suave
text: smile; she accepts both. Together, they pose.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: A perfect souvenir.
text: She smiles, demurely. The camera flashes.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN’S VOICE
dialog: Who likes whiskey??
text: An Army Jeep has pulled up. Pumpkin jumps down with a happy
text: squeal, wearing a colorful kimono and waving a bottle of
text: Scotch. For her, the party’s already started.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Chairman, don’t tell me you started
dialog: the party without me.
text: The propeller breeze lifts Pumpkin‘s skirts and Pumpkin gives
text: a happy shriek.
speaker_heading: HUTCHINS
dialog: (under his breath to
dialog: Derricks)
dialog: She's a live wire...
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: May I present - Pumpkin.
text: The Lieutenant snaps a picture, to Pumpkin‘’s apparent
text: delight. Mameha and Sayuri exchange a look, mortified for
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Gentlemen?
text: Nobu ushers them across the tarmac, Pumpkin pretending to
text: pull the Chairman by the necktie, and Derricks escorting
dialog: Sayuri.
speaker_heading: J 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 117
scene_heading: INT. MILITARY PLANE. DAY. 157
text: In the cramped fuselage, the whir of the engines is
text: deafening. Derricks flips down benches, and proffers seats
dialog: to Sayuri:
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: Please, 'be my ‘guest--
text: Sayuri can't hear a word,, and looks at him helplessly.
speaker_heading: DERRICKS (cont'd)
dialog: {again, above the roar)
dialog: --HAVE A SEAT, WON'T YOU?
text: Sayuri glances toward the Chairman, hoping to sit close to
text: him. But Pumpkin has already claimed him, pulling him down
text: on the opposite bench. Mameha sits on his other side. And
text: Hutchins--his Adams apple bobbing in his throat--sidles down
text: next to Pumpkin, clearly smitten. What can Sayuri do but
dialog: respond:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (to Derricks)
dialog: Thank you, I am most grateful--
text: He tugs on his ear; what?
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont'd)
scene_heading: --PERFECT. YES.
text: Dispirited, Sayuri sinks down to find herself cramped between
text: Derricks and Nobu. In the din, talk is futile. The Colonel
text: smiles at her, and she offers a coquettish glance. But she
text: can’t help staring at the Chairman longingly, as he, Mameha
text: and Pumpkin all dissolve into giggles over a joke she cannot
dialog: hear.
scene_heading: EXT. TAKAMAYA HOT SPRINGS RESORT. LATE DAY. [AUTUMN] 158
text: Sayuri-~in a robe--pads through the women’s dressing area en
text: route to the natural, lagoon-like hot spring. She hears
text: VOICES and LAUGHTER.
text: Sayuri takes off her robe behind the wall of the dressing
text: area, and modestly slips into the spa waters.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Don’t be shy, gentlemen!
scene_heading: 12/3/04 DOUBLE BLUE REVISION 118
text: \ ) Pumpkin gestures to the men to come and join the ladies; she,
text: and Mameha are already relaxing in the pools. Derricks,
text: Hutchins, Nobu and the Chairman slide over to them. By
text: Japanese custom, everyone is naked. A wooden tray floats,
text: holding bottles of sake.
speaker_heading: HUTCHINS
text: Back home, a bath is nothing but a ‘
text: quick shower on cold tile with a
dialog: bar of lye soap--
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: (with an expansive sigh)
dialog: Ah, but here, you make everything a
dialog: ritual, don’t you?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: That is the art of turning habit
dialog: into pleasure, Colonel.
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: Said like a true geisha!
text: Nobu nods, but his face betrays a slight wince.
speaker_heading: ) CHAIRMAN
dialog: If we are in business together,
dialog: then perhaps we will visit you some
dialog: day. I‘d love to see the United
dialog: States.
speaker_heading: HUTCHINS
dialog: Why, sure. We could teach you some
dialog: of our customs. Like forks and
dialog: proper chairs and what it feels
dialog: like to sleep on a real mattress-——
text: Pumpkin bulldozes in:
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (already drunk)
dialog: I know a little game we can play.
dialog: It's called “Truth and Lies.”
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: I know that game, too. Back home,
dialog: they call it “marriage.”
text: Hearty male laughter all around.
speaker_heading: J
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: (giggling) .
dialog: No! I‘m serious. Now listen
dialog: closely. Sayuri knows the rules--
speaker_heading: HUTCHINS
dialog: I never met a woman who didn’t!
text: More laughter, louder from the Americans than the Japanese.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (acquiescing)
dialog: Each person says two things. One
dialog: is true; the other is not.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: If you guess right, the liar pays
dialog: the price.
dialog: - demonstrating the price: A big swallow of sake right from
text: the bottle. The men laugh.
speaker_heading: ” DERRICKS
dialog: So it pays to lose!
text: Laughter, louder from the Americans than the Japanese.
text: Pumpkin tries to think of a story -
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: I go first! Now let me see...One
dialog: day in Sapporo, where I was born,
text: a fisherman caught a talking fish.
dialog: Trouble is, it only spoke Russian--
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: ~ The other story is the true one,
dialog: and I have not even heard it yet!
text: Everyone laughs. Pumpkin pushes the Chairman, flirting:
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: If I drown, it’s all your fault.
text: -- taking a big swallow of sake. She tips backward in the
text: water and Chairman has to catch her. Sayuri and Mameha
text: exchange a look: Pumpkin’s behavior is crossing the line.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Your turn, Nobu-san.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: (declining to play)
dialog: I am no match for these geisha;
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont'd)
dialog: they are experts in the art of
dialog: deceit.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Sayuri, maybe. I’m an expert in one
dialog: thing and one thing only: sake!
text: Chairman floats the tray of sake over to Sayuri:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Sayuri. The truest story you know.
text: All eyes are on Sayuri. She gathers her courage. When she
text: starts to speak, the timbre in the room changes; from raucous
text: to almost reverential.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Once when I was a little girl...on
dialog: the banks of the Sonogawa...a
dialog: handsome stranger gave me a cup of
dialog: ice--ice that tasted as sweet as a
dialog: mid-summer plum--
text: The Chairman and Mameha exchange a look. In Mameha’s eyes,
dialog: an implicit challenge to the Chairman: will you or will you
dialog: not acknowledge the truth of Sayuri's story? The Chairman‘s
text: about to blush; then he interrupts:
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: I think we have to stop the game.
text: PUMPKIN giggles, very drunk.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont‘d)
dialog: If Pumpkin drinks any more sake,
dialog: she will pass out.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Now that - is a true story.
text: Everyone laughs. Sayuri looks at the Chairman, crestfalien.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Here - Mameha - Sayuri - help her.
text: And the party starts to break up. Mameha helps the limp
text: Pumpkin out of the pool and into her bathing kimono. As
text: Sayuri starts to climb out of the water, Derricks corners
dialog: her:
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: So...ah...what’s the protocol?
dialog: 159
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 121
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: Suppose I wanted to see you. In
dialog: private.
text: Sayuri watches as the Chairman gently guides a hapless
text: Pumpkin toward the dressing rooms; Pumpkin rests her head on
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I beg your pardon, Colonel; that is
dialog: not a geisha‘’s custom--
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: If it’s a question of price--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: If there were a price, you could
dialog: never afford it--
text: Nobu looks on, jealous, even as Sayuri rebukes the Colonel,
text: darting under his arm and getting away --
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: Wait--now just a‘ minute--
scene_heading: INT. GAZEBO - A SHORT TIME LATER. NIGHT. [AUTUMN] 159
text: Nobu turns angrily on Sayuri -- : *
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: I saw the two of you whispering--
dialog: you have arranged some kind of
dialog: tryst, haven't you——
text: Sayuri matches his rage with her own:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: What did you promise him?
text: Glaring at her, he pours himself a glass of whiskey.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Your company! Nothing more!
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Be seemed to expect a great deal--!
speaker_heading: Y
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 122
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: If I had wanted a common whore, I
dialog: could have hired one---
speaker_heading: SAYURT
dialog: What are you trying to say--
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Just the idea of you with him--with
dialog: any man--you would be dead to ne,
dialog: Sayuri---
text: Nobu siams his glass on the table so hard it shatters.
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont’d)
dialog: Can't you see that I want you for
dialog: myself?
text: Be opens his hand. In it, shards of glass. Blood creases
text: his palm. Sayuri grabs a cloth but Nobu waves her off
dialog: angrily --
speaker_heading: NOBU {cont‘d)
dialog: You have ruined me. Before we met,
dialog: I was a disciplined man.
text: He does not let her assist as he wraps his hand with cloth.
speaker_heading: NOBU (cont'd)
dialog: I should not have asked you to
dialog: come. The Chairman was against it;
dialog: I should have listened to him.
text: SAYURI stares at the floor, and says quietly:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (staring down)
dialog: I must beg your forgiveness, Nobu-
dialog: san. I was foolish to think you
dialog: would barter me away.
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: Then you made no arrangement with
dialog: the Colonel--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Please. Don’t insult me again.
text: NOBU looks up at her, his eyes rimmed in red.
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
scene_heading: 1/9/05 DOUBLE SALMON REVISIONS 123
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: If he ratifies our contract, then T
dialog: will be
dialog: a man of means again.
dialog: There is nothing I want more,
dialog: Sayuri..-than to become your danna.
speaker_heading: ' SAYURI
dialog: (blanching)
dialog: I already owe you far too much--
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: 1 will not be refused!
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Please--
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: --we are tied to each other, I know
dialog: you feel it too--
dialog: I never
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: meant to mislead you--
speaker_heading: NOBU
dialog: (evenly, but with force)
dialog: Sayuri.
dialog: I do not like things held
dialog: up before me that I cannot have.
scene_heading: EXT. WOMEN’S TATAMI ROOM. RESORT. NIGHT. [AUTUMN }
dialog: Distraught, Sayur
text: 4 hurries up the path to Mameha's room.
scene_heading: INT. WOMEN’S TATAMI ROOM. RESORT. NIGHT. [AUTUMN }
text: Sayuri pleads with Mameha.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: When you first introduced me to
dialog: Nobu-~I was such a fool to give him
dialog: my attention-
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Nonsense-—-
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
scene_heading: 1/9/05 DOUBLE SALMON REVISIONS
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I never meant to make him care--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: (shecked)
dialog: You cannot refuse him. You must
dialog: not!
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: But Mameha why?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: What is he to think? He
dialog: safeguarded your life--
speaker_heading: SAYURT
dialog: And so he owns it?
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Sayuri. I know what's it like to
dialog: try and scrape by without a danna--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: --I'll do something~-anything else--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA.
dialog: _-renting rooms, scrounging for
dialog: every meal--is this the life that
dialog: you want?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: --I want a life that is mine--
speaker_heading: MAMEBA
dialog: Nobu has never treated you with
dialog: anything but kindness--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: zr don't want mere kindness!
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: What more can we expect?
dialog: 124
dialog: 162
scene_heading: 1/9/05 DOUBLE SALMON REVISIONS 125
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: You had feelings for the Baron,
dialog: didn't you? -
speaker_heading: MAMEHA *
dialog: _ (beat)
dialog: t never ‘allowed myself that.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Don’t lie to me.
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: In time, you learn--
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: --I don't want to learn--
speaker_heading: MAMEHA
dialog: Sayuri! We don’t become geisha to
dialog: pursue our own destinies!
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: We become geisha because we have no
dialog: choice.
dialog: on Sayuri’s trapped expression ~-
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TAKAMAYA HOT SPRINGS RESORT. NIGHT. [AUTUMN } 162
text: Pumpkin, dressed, is going to dinner when a frantic Sayuri
text: stops her on the path:
speaker_heading: SAYURL
dialog: Pumpkin?
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Nothing. I have a favor to ask,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Ask.
text: Before speaking, Sayuri glances nervously to her left and
dialog: right to ensure that the coast is clear.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: At nine o’clock--bring Nobu to the
text: pooi, on the far side of the garden-
speaker_heading: Al63
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 126
text: Pumpkin lifts a savvy brow.
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont‘d)
dialog: Not a minute before, not a minute
dialog: after, yes? And--please--do not
dialog: tell him that I will be there,
dialog: waiting——
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: It's a surprise?
text: Sayuri notes Derricks smoking on a distant terrace.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (with gravity)
dialog: Yes. It’s a surprise.
text: Pumpkin watches Sayuri walk away; her expression is
dialog: unreadable. ©
scene_heading: EXT. HOT SPRINGS RESORT. BRIDGE. NIGET. [ AUTUMN}
text: Sayuri finds the Colonel, smoking. Privately, they confer.
dialog: We don’t hear a word.
scene_heading: EXT: PAVILION - HOT SPRINGS RESORT. NIGHT. [AUTUMN]
text: From a slight distance: Derricks, Hutchins, Nobu and the
text: Chairman sit down for dinner. All of the men wear kimono.
text: Mameha pours sake. ‘TWO GEISHA serve dinner.
text: Derricks, checking his watch, swallows his drink and
text: discreetly excuses himself from the group.
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE PATH TO THE PRIVATE POOL. NIGHT. (AUTUMN)
text: As Derricks walk down the path, he looks to see if anyone is
text: following. He checks his watch; it’s five minutes until
dialog: nine.
scene_heading: EXT.PAVILION - SAME TIME. NIGHT. [AUTUMN]
text: From a slight distance: Pumpkin enters the pavilion where the
text: men are seated. Pumpkin kneels between Nobu and the Chaizman
text: and begs their pardon for interrupting them.
dialog: 163
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: *
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 127
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE POOL ENCLOSURE. NIGHT. [AUTUMN] 166
text: Sayuri waits, nervously. She glances at her own watch. She
text: hears the shojii screens slide open, and the Colonel enters.
text: She buries her watch in her clothing, then rushes to greet
text: the Colonel. She silently ushers him inside.
dialog: +t OF
text: Sayuri slides shut the privacy door. The rustic wooden hut
text: is dimly lit by lanterns; hazy steam rises from a rectangular
text: pool. Sayuri efficiently unknots Derricks’s obi. With
text: trembling fingers, she jerks the knot of her kimono sash.
speaker_heading: DERRICKS (CONT'D)
dialog: Please. Allow me.
text: He picks at the knot slowly as she watches with barely hidden
text: impatience. She glances at his watch and grabs the knot,
text: unties it herself.
speaker_heading: DERRICKS (cont'd)
dialog: The pool?
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Bere.
text: Sayuri hastily arranges herself on the wooden platform beside
text: the hot pool. She opens her kimono slightly. Derricks
text: kneels over her. Sayuri glances at his watch. Where jis
dialog: Pumpkin?
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont ’d)
dialog: Wait.
text: Derricks senses her sudden nervousness and hesitates:
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: Are we doing this or not?
text: She neds, eyes on his watch: The face has misted, but she can
text: see -~ it ticks forward from 9 o'clock. Derricks starts to
text: kiss her. To buy time, Sayuri twists away.
speaker_heading: DERRICKS {corit’d)
dialog: You don’t kiss?
text: Again he tries to kiss her. Again she turns her face away.
speaker_heading: DERRICKS (cont'd)
dialog: Come on now. Don't be shy. T know
dialog: you people kiss--
speaker_heading: UW
scene_heading: 1/3/05 DOUBLE GREEN REVISION 127A
text: Pinally he opens his kimono, and rolls on top of her,
text: cradling her face in his hands.
dialog: 2.
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
scene_heading: 12/21/04 DOUBLE YELLOW REVISION 128
scene_heading: EXT. PAVILION - SAME TIME. NIGHT. [AUTUMN] 167
text: Two feminine feet, padding down the walk-way at a clip,
text: followed by two male ones.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE POOL ENCLOSURE. NIGHT. [AUTUMN] ' 168
text: The Colonel, on top of Sayuri, pins her arms to the ground.
text: Sayuri lets out a sound somewhere between a gasp and a sob.
text: The pavilion door slides open, and Pumpkin steps in.
text: Sayuri and the American turn and see Pumpkin. Then behind
dialog: Pumpkin comes -- The Chairman.
text: Chairman recoils, shocked. Sayuri pushes the Colonel away,
text: grabs her kimono to herself.
text: The Chairman quickly steps out. Sayuri, dressing hastily,
text: rushes past Pumpkin and out the door, and sees -
scene_heading: EXT. PATH TO THE PRIVATE POOL. NIGHT. [AUTUMN] 169
text: The Chairman walks away quickly in the moonlight. Sayuri
text: whirls on Pumpkin who has followed her out:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: How could you? You don’t know what
dialog: you have done!
text: Pumpkin‘s expression morphs; suddenly, she has the same
text: hauteur--the same cruel calm--as her teacher Hatsumomo,.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: But I do.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I do not understand; Why did you *
dialog: have to bring the Chairman?
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: Because I know how you feel about
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 170
dialog: Jin
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
scene_heading: 12/21/04 DOUBLE YELLOW REVISION 129
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: -so Hatsumomo did teach you to be
dialog: cruel--
text: Pumpkin's mouth stretches into a tight, joyless smile.
speaker_heading: PUMPKIN
dialog: A long tite ago you took something
dialog: from me...the only thing I'd ever
dialog: truly wanted.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well. Now you know how it feels.
text: In Sayuri's face, the sting of betrayal.
scene_heading: EXT. RESORT - CLIFFS AND THE SEA. DAWN. WIND. [AUTUMN]
text: Alone, Sayuri walks in the wind and spray. She has never
dialog: felt more alone, more degraded.
speaker_heading: DERRICKS (V.0.)
dialog: To a new partnership, gentlemen.
scene_heading: EXT. TAKAMAYA RESORT ENTRANCE GATE. DAWN. [AUTUMN]
text: The Chairman and Nobu smile graciously, bidding the Americans
dialog: farewell.
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: I like the way you people do
text: business. Sealing it with a kiss.
text: They start climbing aboard their jeep to depart.
scene_heading: EXT. RESORT - CLIFFS AND THE SEA. DAWN. WIND. [AUTUMN]
text: Sayuri lets the tears come, wiping them away with the
text: Chairman’s handkerchief.
scene_heading: EXT. TAKAMAYA RESORT ENTRANCE GATE. DAWN. [AUTUMN]
text: The jeep revs its motor, and Derricks winks at Nobu, man-to-
dialog: man:
speaker_heading: DERRICKS
dialog: Give my regards to Sayuri now,
dialog: won't you?
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
scene_heading: 10/15/04 YELLOW REVISION 129A
text: { ) As the vehicle pulls away, Nobu feel as if he‘s been smacked
text: in the face. He covers, clenching the muscles in his jaw.
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 2
dialog: 176
scene_heading: 12/2/04 TAN REVISED 130
scene_heading: EXT. RESORT - CLIFFS AND THE SEA. DAWN. WIND. [AUTUMN]
text: The wind rises. Sayuri raises her hand, and lets the
text: handkerchief go. The wind seizes it and carries it away;
dialog: with it, everything Sayuri has ever known.
scene_heading: EXT. HANAMACHI STREETS. ANOTHER DAY. [AUTUMN].
text: A scorching red sun rises over Miyako, like a crimson halo in
dialog: the sky.
scene_heading: INT. THE OKIYA. SAYURI’S ROOM. DAY [AUTUMN]
text: Sayuri sits in darkness; the shoji screen flies open, and
text: Mother appears, with Kiko underfoot
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sayuri! Quickly!
text: Sayuri lifts her eyes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont ‘d)
dialog: The Matsushima Teahouse just called-
dialog: - you are to meet a very important
dialog: client tonight--
speaker_heading: SAYURL
dialog: (dully}
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Iwamura Electric! It must be
dialog: Nobu, yes?
text: Sayuri’s jaw muscles clench, but she says nothing.
text: Mother heads to the door and looks back with pride.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont ’‘d)
dialog: The Americans are financing his
dialog: company; he’s going to be one of
dialog: the richest men in Osaka! Surely
dialog: he wants to honor his promise...to
dialog: become your danna at last!
text: Mother beams with pride at Sayuri. Inside, Sayuri crumbles.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont'd)
text: It’s about time. Finally, a return
dialog: on my investment.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
speaker_heading: + FEF HH
dialog: ee
scene_heading: 12/2/04 TAN REVISED 130A
speaker_heading: MOTHER (cont’d)
dialog: (to Kiko)
dialog: Perhaps one day, you will be as
dialog: lucky!
text: Sayuri looks at Kiko sadly, then says almost to herself:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: No geisha can ever hope for more.
scene_heading: 1/9/05 DOUBLE SALMON REVISIONS 131
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont'd)
speaker_heading: 177 OMIT 177
scene_heading: 178 EXT. MATSUSHIMA TEAHOUSE . GARDEN. DUSK. AUTUMN] 178
text: Sayuri makes her way across the pridge to the teahouse. Her
text: face has become as frozen, as perfect as 4 mask.
text: The TEAHOUSE MISTRESS ushers Sayuri into the garden. .
text: Japanese maple trees frame a small pond. In its center, 4
text: floating platform, accessible by a series of stone steps. On
text: it, a low table with a sake tray. In her long kimono,
text: Sayuri almost seems to walk across the water until she
text: reaches the tiny 4sland. She kneels, waiting for Nobu to
dialog: arrive.
text: Sayuri is distracted by 4 gust of autumn wind, which sends
text: red maple leaves scattering across the watex. She feels a
text: hand alight on her shoulder; she looks up to greet Nobu.
text: Instead, she sees the Chairman. *
speaker_heading: SAYURIT
dialog: Chairman, where is Nobu-san? *
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: He won't be coming tonight. *
text: SAYURI looks stricken.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: (with alarm)
dialog: Is something wrong? *
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Be knows what happened. It is not *
dialog: in his nature to forgive.
text: Sayuri feels a aick rush of shame; she cannot meet his eyes.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: Chairman, what happened on the
dialog: island ~-
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Please. You do not have to explain-
dialog: _The look in your eyes was 5° *
dialog: desperate--like you might drown-~ *
scene_heading: 1/9/05 DOUBLE SALMON REVISIONS 131A
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: But I have shamed myself so deeply,
dialog: past all forgiveness~-~—
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: No I am the one who must be
dialog: forgiven.
scene_heading: 1/9/05 DOUBLE SALMON REVISIONS 132
text: Sayuri bows, hex lashes wet with tears:
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: I do not understand.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: perhaps;-if you had only known the
dialog: truth-- ,
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: The truth?
text: Now it’s the Chairman who's anxious, hopeful that Sayuri
dialog: won't condemn him.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: some years ago, I was on my way to
dialog: the theater. I saw 4 little girl,
text: weeping by the Scnogawa. IT stopped
dialog: to buy her a cup of sweet ice--
text: SAYURI raises her head to look him in the face. Her eyes. are
text: wide with incredulity.
speaker_heading: SAYURL
dialog: you knew I was that little girl?
text: The Chairman nods.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Didn't you ever wonder why Mameha,
dialog: took you her under her wing.
speaker_heading: SAYURI
dialog: {the truth dawning)
dialog: Mameha came to me because of you.
text: The Chairman nods again.
speaker_heading: SAYURI (cont'd)
dialog: I wish you could have told me long
dialog: ago--
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: What could I do? I owe Nobu my
dialog: jife. And so--when I saw he had a
dialog: chance at happiness with you--I
dialog: stood silent. But I cannot any
dialog: longer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I hope it is not too late.
text: Sayuri bows her head.
scene_heading: 1/9/05 DOUBLE SALMON REVISIONS
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN (cont' d)
dialog: pon‘t be afraid to look at me
dialog: chiyo.
speaker_heading: 132A
scene_heading: 01/07/2005 DOUBLE BUFF REVISIONS 133
text: He gently raises her face to meet his gaze; she is crying.
text: Passion, then insecure hope.
speaker_heading: SAYURT
dialog: Can't you see? Every step I have
dialog: taken since I was that child on the
dialog: bridge has been to bring myself
dialog: closer to you.:
text: The Chairman kisses her tears. Then he kisses her; her first
text: kiss, tender and true. Sayuri's heart is soaring, liberated
dialog: at last.
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘S VOICE
dialog: I cannot tell you what guides us in
dialog: this imperfect life.
text: The Chairman and Sayuri walk along the water's edge in the
text: teahouse garden; we see them reflected in the pond’s surface.
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘S VOICE (cont‘d)
text: But when I look back, I see myself,
text: falling toward the Chairman as
dialog: surely as a stone must fall toward
dialog: the earth.
text: Red leaves from the maple tree fall onto the pond, and glide
text: over its surface, disrupting the reflection of the two
dialog: lovers.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Hk
dialog: +
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
scene_heading: 01/07/2005 DOUBLE BUFF REVISIONS 134
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE (cont‘d)
dialog: Our world is no more permanent than
text: a wave that rises on the ocean.
text: The ripples in the water clarify: Sayuri walks alone by the
text: water, dressed in Western clothes now, smartly tailored. Her
dialog: hair is cut fashionably short--
scene_heading: EXT. PARK. DUSK. [WINTER, 1956]
text: --as she strolls by a pond in a different park. She pauses
text: by the water’s edge.
speaker_heading: SAYURI’S VOICE (CONT‘D)
dialog: The people we have known, even the
dialog: earth beneath our feet, can all
text: disappear in the tide.
text: A small boy (4), runs to her as a flock of pigeons disperse
text: with a flurry.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: There's only one way to anchor them-
dialog: safely--in our hearts: to tell
dialog: their stories.
text: The child grabs her hand and pulls her.
speaker_heading: SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: The Chairman left this world a
dialog: while ago...
text: Together they stroll toward the street.
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: ++-and yet, I have him still.
dialog: They turn a corner--
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK CITY. DUSK. [WINTER 1956.]
dialog: ---and we recognize the place; we're in 1950‘s New York.
text: It's Fifth Avenue at rush hour. Businessmen step out of
text: office buildings; secretaries skirt by bustling delivery boys
text: in bikes. Policeman on horseback. Mother and son are swept
text: up in the rolling sea of people.
speaker_heading: SAYURI‘S VOICE
dialog: For I have lived my life again,
dialog: telling it to you.
dialog: *
dialog: 79
dialog: 180
dialog: Se
dialog: +
scene_heading: 01/07/2005 DOUBLE BUFF REVISIONS 135
text: Like some vast current, the crowd carries them along until--
dialog: at last--they vanish. :
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
