dialog: 
dialog: Men In Black
dialog: by
dialog: Ed Solomon
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- TEXAS/MEXICO BORDER -- NIGHT
text: A million stars wink in the night desert sky. Down here on earth, an
text: insect, one of those big, beautiful, multicolored four-winged jobs, glides
text: effortlessly on the breeze, wafting along through the crisp Texas air.
text: The insect dips, it banks, it does loop-the-loops -- and then SPLATS
text: unceremoniously against the windshield of a white van that's tearing down
dialog: the road.
scene_heading: INT. VAN -- TEXAS/MEXICO BORDER -- NIGHT
text: The DRIVER of the van, a fifty-year-old American, turns on the wipers,
text: smearing the remains all over.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Goddamn bugs.
text: He squirts some wiper fluid onto the glass, which clears it up a bit, but
text: now he sees something worse up ahead. It's a grouping of headlights, eight
text: of them, all pointed at him, sealing off the road.
text: He bites his lip and calls over his shoulder, to the back of the van. He
text: speaks in Spanish, which is subtitled.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Deja me hablar.
dialog: (Let me do the talking.)
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- TEXAS/MEXICO BORDER -- NIGHT
text: The van slows to a stop in front of the parked cars, all government-issue
text: four doors with "INS" stenciled on the sides. Seven or eight INS AGENTS
text: stand in front of the cars imposingly. Their apparent leader steps forward
text: and comes to the window.
text: The DRIVER rolls it down. AGENT JANUS, blonde-haired, blue-eyed, also
text: government issue, looks at him and sighs.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: Well. Nick the Dick. What a surprise. Where
dialog: you comin' from?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I was fishing in Cuernavaca.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: Sure you were. What do you say we have a
dialog: look at your catch?
text: AT THE BACK OF THE VAN,
text: the Agents fling open the rear doors, revealing a DOZEN FRIGHTENED
text: MEXICANS, hopeful immigrants without official permission. Agent Janus
text: looks at the Driver, who's now held by two other Agents, and shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: Me, I woulda thrown 'em back.
dialog: (to the passengers, in Spanish)
dialog: Vamanos. Fuera. Hagan una lina!
dialog: (Let's go. Out. Form a line!)
text: They pile out of the van. Some are parents with small children.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you get, Nick? Hundred bucks a
dialog: head? Two hundred? I hope you saved it all
dialog: for your lawyer, pal, 'cause you're gonna
dialog: need --
text: He stops in the middle of his sentence, as another car is approaching,
text: fast, its engine WHINING as it barrels down the road toward them. Several
text: Agents pull their weapons.
text: The new car pulls a hard right, goes off the road, spins around the INS
text: cars, and SQUEALS to a sideways halt, silhouetted in front of their
text: headlights. It's a boxy, black 1986 Ford LTD.
text: TWO MEN get out, dressed in plain black suits, crisp white shirts, simple
text: black ties, shiny black shoes. KAY, fiftyish, is the apotheosis of
text: world-weary; his partner, DEE, mid-sixties, is just weary. They approach
dialog: the INS agents.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: We'll take it from here.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: Who the hell are you?
text: Kay and Dee flash some form of ID.
speaker_heading: KAY
speaker_heading: INS Division 6.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: Division 6? I never heard of Division 6.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Really?
text: Kay and Dee move past him and approach the row of nervous immigrants.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What're we thinking, Dee?
speaker_heading: DEE
dialog: Tough call, Kay.
text: He walks down the row, studying the faces, greeting each one cheerily in
dialog: Spanish.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: !Oye! Que pasa, coma estas? Hey!
dialog: (What's up, how are you?)
dialog: No se preocupe, abuela. Bienvenida a los
dialog: Estados Unidos.
dialog: (Don't worry grandma.
dialog: Welcome to the United
dialog: States.)
dialog: (next)
dialog: A donde vas? San Antonio? Buscando trabajo,
dialog: no? Buena suerta.
dialog: (Where are you going? San
dialog: Antonio? Looking for
dialog: work, aren't you? Good
dialog: luck.)
dialog: (next)
dialog: Es un placer verle aqui.
dialog: (It's a pleasure seeing
dialog: you here.)
text: One by one, their faces relax, reassured by Kay's calm demeanor. When he
text: reaches the fifth Guy, he keeps the same cheery tone, but:
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Que dices si te rompo la cara?
dialog: (What do you say if I
dialog: break your face?)
text: The Guy smiles and nods. Kay stops. His own smile broadens and he drops a
text: hand on the Guy's shoulder.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: No hablas ni una palabra del Espanol,
dialog: verdad, amigo?
dialog: (You don't speak a word
dialog: of Spanish, right, friend?)
text: Again, the Guy smiles and nods. Kay looks back at Dee.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: We got a winner.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Los restos estan libres a irse. Largense!
dialog: (The rest of you are free
dialog: to go. Scram!)
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: Sir!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Tomen el camion, y vayeuse.
dialog: (Get on the road and go.)
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: Sir, you can't just --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Don't "Sir" me! You have no idea who you're
dialog: dealing with!
text: Silence on the road. The Driver grins, jumps back in the front seat of the
text: van. The others pile into the rear and they tear out of there.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Janus)
dialog: We're gonna have a little chat with our
dialog: friend here. You boys can hit the road ...
dialog: and keep on protecting us from dangerous
dialog: aliens.
text: Kay and Dee escort their captive across the road and over a small rise,
text: leaving the stunned INS agents standing alone in the roadway.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: You ever heard of Division 6?
scene_heading: 2ND INS AGENT
dialog: There is no Division 6.
scene_heading: 3RD INS AGENT
dialog: Who are those guys?
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT CLEARING - NIGHT
text: Kay and Dee lead their captive into a clearing in the desert brush. Dee
text: pulls an enormous handgun from a shoulder holster and stays a pace or two
text: off, covering him. Kay has an arm draped around the man's shoulders.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I think you jumped off the bus in the wrong
dialog: part of town, amigo. In fact, I'll bet
dialog: dollars to pesos that you're not --
text: He pulls out a small laser device, which he ZIPS neatly down the front of
text: the man's clothes.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: -- from anywhere near here.
text: The man's clothes fall to the ground, revealing what he really is
text: underneath -- A SCALY SPACE BASTARD, about four-and-a-half feet tall, with
text: a snouth, snail-like tentacles, and independently moving eyes on stalks at
text: the top of his head.
text: The only part of his camouflage not crumpled to the ground is the
text: humanesque "head," which he still lamely holds in one of his hands. It's
text: propped up by a stick, like a puppet, and it continues to make expressions
text: as he holds it.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mikey?! When did they let you out of jail?
text: MIKEY replies -- an unfathomable combination of GRUNTS, SQUEAKS, and
text: saliva.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Political refugee. Right.
speaker_heading: DEE
dialog: You know how many treaty articles you've
dialog: just violated?
text: Mikey makes a lame SQUEAK.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: One, my ass. Try seven.
speaker_heading: DEE
dialog: From unauthorized immigration to failure to
text: properly inoculate prior to landing.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (off Mikey's objections)
dialog: Okay, that's enough. Hand me your head and
dialog: put up your arms.
text: From behind Mikey, they hear a terrified GASP.
text: Kay and Dee both look over quickly. One of the alien's eyes, on a tall
text: stalk, whips around too. All three of them see AGENT JANUS, standing just
text: over the rise, staring in frozen amazement.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, shit.
text: Agent Janus SCREAMS. Mikey rips free of the rest of the "Mexican"
text: disguise, knocks Dee out of the way, and takes off straight at Janus,
text: SCREECHING a horrible Space Bastard screech. Janus freezes, terrified.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dee! Shoot him!
text: Dee struggles to roll over and change the controls on his gun, which fell
text: out of his hand as he hit the ground.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dee, for Christ's --
text: Mikey keeps moving, covering the last few yards to Janus quickly. He steps
text: on a rock, launches himself into the air, his dripping jaws cranked wide
dialog: open --
text: -- there is a SIZZLING sound, a brilliant white flash --
text: -- and Mikey ERUPTS in a geyser of blue goo that splatters all over the
text: ground, the trees, and Agent Janus' face. Behind where Mikey was, Kay
text: stands, smoking weapon in hand.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- TEXAS/MEXICO BORDER -- NIGHT
text: On the road, the INS AGENTS pull their guns and run toward the rise.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT CLEARING -- NIGHT
text: Kay has an arm around Janus, whom he is leading further into the clearing.
text: Janus is white, shaking, eyes like silver dollars.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: Th -- th -- th --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (helping)
dialog: "That."
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: That wasn't -- wasn't -- wasn't --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Human, I know. Oops. Got some entrails on
dialog: you.
text: He takes out a handkerchief and wipes off the Agent's face. As he does,
text: Janus looks back to where Mikey blew up. Then at Kay. And then up at the
dialog: stars.
text: The other INS Agents burst over the rise, SHOUTING questions.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Okay, everybody, situation's under control,
dialog: calm down. If you'll just give me your
dialog: attention for a moment I'll tell you what
dialog: happened.
text: From over the rise, car engines WHINE in the distance and headlights start
text: to flash around them. Kay reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tubular
text: metallic device the size of a pocket recorder. He checks his watch,
text: figures in his head, then dials an electronic counter on the side of the
dialog: device up to "08."
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
text: This is called a "neuralyzer." A gift from
text: some friends from out of town. The red eye
dialog: here isolates and measures the electronic
dialog: impulses in your brain. More specifically,
dialog: the ones for memory.
text: Behind him, six more MEN IN BLACK, all wearing black suits and sunglasses,
text: come over the hill. Kay barks a few orders to them.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Gimme a splay burn on the perimeter, please;
dialog: holes at 40, 60, and 80.
scene_heading: 2ND INS AGENT
dialog: What in the hell is going on?!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Exactly the right question. And the answer
dialog: lies right -- here. Pay attention.
speaker_heading: JANUS
dialog: Who are you, really?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Really? I'm just a figment of your
dialog: imagination.
text: He holds up the neuralyzer. The Agents peer closely at it. Kay reaches
text: into his pocket, puts on his own black sunglasses --
text: -- and pushes a button on the side of the neuralyzer. A BLINDING FLASH a
text: tenth of a second long sears the Agents' eyeballs. They stare blankly.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: God, we're a gullible breed.
text: Behind him, TONGUES OF FIRE blast from a flame thrower held by one of the
text: Men in Black. Kay looks back at the INS Agents, who are just coming
text: around, as if awakening from a concussion.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean it, fellas, you are lucky to be
text: alive after a blast like that.
text: The Agents look around, confused.
speaker_heading: AGENT JANUS
dialog: What -- blast?
text: Kay gestures behind him, where the Men in Black are now using fire
text: extinguishers to douse the flames they themselves started.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Underground gas vein, genius. You guys need
dialog: to exercise more caution before discharging
dialog: your firearms.
text: He jabs a finger into Janus' chest.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Especially you.
text: Dee has moved away from them all and is sitting on a rock, staring up at
text: the night sky, his sunglasses dangling idly from one hand. Kay steps away
text: from the group and finds him. He sits down next to him.
speaker_heading: DEE
dialog: I'm sorry. About...back there.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: Happens.
speaker_heading: DEE
dialog: Didn't used to.
text: He holds up his hands, which tremble with age.
speaker_heading: DEE (CONT'D)
dialog: The spirit's willing, Kay, but the rest of
dialog: me...
text: He looks up, at the million stars shining overhead.
speaker_heading: DEE (CONT'D)
dialog: They're beautiful, aren't they?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DEE
dialog: The stars. We never just -- look. Anymore.
dialog: (back to Kay)
dialog: I'll tell ya, Kay. I will miss the chase.
text: Kay pulls his neuralyzer from his pocket and looks down at it.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: No. You won't.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION -- SOUTHERN EXPOSURE -- NIGHT
text: A shot of the clock on the Station's stately southern exposure. WE PAN
text: DOWN TO...
text: A pair of feet running. They belong to a man we will know as the
text: PERPETRATOR. As we track with him, he SPEEDS UP and OUT OF FRAME.
text: A new set of feet come into frame. These belong to JAMES EDWARDS, a NYC
text: COP in undercover street clothes. In the BACKGROUND, about ten feet
text: behind, are two other cops, trying to keep up.
text: Edwards is a lot faster, though. He pulls out his badge that hangs from a
text: chain under his shirt.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Stop! NYPD!
text: He continues running, out of frame, and we stay on one of the other COPS,
text: overweight, who gives up the chase and drops to his knees, heaving air.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: All yours, Edwards!
text: The Cop fumbles in his pocket for a pack of cigarettes.
text: TRACK WITH EDWARDS AND THE PERP
text: As they run down the bridge that traverses Park Avenue in the low Forties.
text: The Perp veers to the left and, seemingly oblivious to the fact that it's
text: a thirty-foot drop, he hurdles the guard rail, and drops to Forty-first
text: Street below.
text: EDWARDS is surprised by this maneuver, but doesn't waste a second. He,
text: too, hurdles the guard rail and lands on...
scene_heading: EXT. 41ST STREET AND PARK AVENUE - NIGHT
text: A DOUBLE-DECKER BUS, one of those cheesy sightseers that hold up midtown
text: traffic. The bus, of course, is completely filled with JAPANESE TOURISTS,
text: and it seems like every single one of them has a video camera.
text: EDWARDS pushes through the crowd...
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Grand Central Station off to your left,
dialog: folks...
text: With the bus still moving, he scrambles down the circular stairs and runs
text: out through the side door.
text: He spots the Perp, sailing east on Forty-first Street.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Dammit, man, you're making me sweat up my
dialog: gear!
text: Edwards spots one of those New York Post delivery trucks, the kind with
text: the open back door, rumbling by. He runs and jumps into the back.
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE -- NIGHT
text: THE PERP, meanwhile, is running at top speed, when Edwards glides into
text: frame, leaning off the back of the truck.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Yo, man, your luck just ran out.
text: He leaps from the back of the moving truck and tackles the Perp.
text: The Perp, now straddled by Edwards, is terrified.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: He's coming! He's coming!
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: And when he gets here, I'll kick his ass
dialog: too.
text: Edwards is about to slap the cuffs on him, when the Perp blinks. Nothing
text: unusual about that, but then another set of translucent, milky white
text: eyelids, underneath his regular eyelids, blinks also.
text: Edwards is thrown for a moment, which is all the time the Perp needs to
dialog: pull out...
text: His WEAPON, which is the strangest looking gun you've ever seen. Reacting
text: quickly, Edwards bats it out of the Perp's hand.
text: THE WEAPON smashes into the stone wall surrounding Central Park and
text: SHATTERS into a million pieces.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: What the...
text: WHOMP! The Perp kicks him in the nuts, then scrambles to his feet and
text: takes off again. Edwards staggers after him, in pain.
text: The Perp leaps over a moving car, towards the GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM. Edwards
text: tries to follow, but a bus pulls in front of him. After it passes, the
text: Perp is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM -- NIGHT
text: Edwards runs over to the Museum, leans over the wall that surrounds it,
dialog: and in the next instant...
text: The Perp flies past him, having leapt from twenty feet down to the top of
text: the Guggenheim. He scrambles up and over the ledge.
text: Edward reacts. He runs to the front door of the Museum, shoots it open and
text: runs inside.
text: He runs from the rotunda up the grand ramp of the Guggenheim.
scene_heading: EXT. GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM -- ROOF -- NIGHT
text: On the roof, the PERP reaches the top, climbs over the edge, and CRUNCHES
text: to the gravel surface. He leaps to his feet and races over to a door. It's
dialog: locked.
text: He tugs on another. It's locked too. He pulls on a third. It swings open --
text: -- revealing EDWARDS on the other side, breathing hard. He aims his weapon
text: at the Perp.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Wassup?
text: The Perp SCREAMS inhumanly and panics. He backpedals, toward the edge of
dialog: the roof.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: He's coming! He's coming because I failed,
dialog: and now he'll kill me too!
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Stop!
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: You don't understand. Your world is gonna
dialog: end.
text: But the Perp has backed right into the edge of the roof, and now he starts
text: to fall over. The Perp blinks.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: What are you?!
text: The Perp looks down. He decides.
text: -- and he falls, SCREAMING, to his death.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM -- NIGHT
text: EDWARDS sits on one side of the table, a POLICE INSPECTOR and a UNIFORMED
text: SERGEANT (the one who gave up the chase and lit a cigarette earlier), sit
text: across from him.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
text: Perpetrator then blinked two sets of
dialog: eyelids. You mean blinked with both eyes?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
text: No, sir. He blinked once with one set, then
text: again with another completely different set.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: Sort of a low beam, high beam.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: Was that before or after he drew the weapon
dialog: which you claim evaporated into a million
dialog: pieces?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: After, sir.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: And why do you suppose none of the other
dialog: officers saw either of these two events?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: 'Cause some of the other officers are a
text: little soggy in the midsection. And they
dialog: couldn't keep up, sir.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Hey, Edwards, if you were half the man I
dialog: am --
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: What do you mean? I am half the man you are.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: What the hell is your problem?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: My problem is you being all up in my damn
dialog: face all the time.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: I think he threw him off the roof. Ten
dialog: minutes -- your best shot.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: (cutting off the Sergeant)
dialog: Sergeant. I want to talk to you outside.
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: You need ten minutes on a Stairmaster, you
dialog: pudgy bastard.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM -- LATER -- NIGHT
text: A woman sneaks into the room. DOCTOR LAUREL WEAVER, thirtyish,
text: dark-haired, dark-eyed, general aura of darkness around her, stands above
text: him. Laurel looks like she was just dragged out of bed (which she was) and
text: saw a spaceman (which she did). She looks over her shoulder once, then
text: whispers to him.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Laurel Weaver. Deputy Medical Examiner. I
dialog: believe you. I opened him up. Find me at
dialog: the morgue. On 26th. I'll tell you what I
dialog: found.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Hey...Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: (turning at the door)
dialog: You have really pretty eyes.
text: She hurries to turn the corner, but is STOPPED by someone who remains just
text: offscreen.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Dr. Weaver, from the coroner's office?
dialog: Working on the John Doe?
text: Edwards twists in his chair, to get a better look. All he sees is Laurel,
text: facing whoever it is in the hallway.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Yes. That's right.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Would you look right here, please.
text: The Someone says something else and Laurel steps forward, now also out of
text: Edwards's line of vision.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (O.S.)
dialog: Look where?
text: Edwards stretches even further in his seat, when there is a blinding FLASH
text: from the corridor. Really curious now, he starts to get up --
text: -- when KAY steps into the room and closes the door behind him. Edwards
text: rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Some night, huh?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Oh, yeah, some night.
text: He crosses to the door.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: They were gills.
text: Edwards stops.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Not eyelids.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Did he say anything to you?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: Yeah, sure. He said the world was coming to
dialog: an end.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Did he say when?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: You're kidding, right?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Would you recognize his weapon if you saw
dialog: it again?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Let's take a ride.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Wait a minute. I got a ton of paperwork.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It's all done.
text: At that point, the INSPECTOR sticks his head in, smiles and gives Edwards
text: the thumbs up.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: Good work, Edwards.
text: Edwards looks at the Inspector, then at Kay. As they leave.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You ran that guy down on foot? That's tough.
dialog: That's double tough.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FORD LTD - A MOMENT LATER - DRIVING
text: In a plain, boxy Ford, Kay drives, silent. He raises his hand and nods to
text: a black MIB truck coming in the opposite direction.Edwards, in the
text: passenger seat, is still in his undercover outfit.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: So who you with?
text: Kay says nothing.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS (CONT'D)
dialog: You got the plain clothes, the
dialog: government-issued wheels. Secret Service?
dialog: CIA?
text: Kay remains utterly silent.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS (CONT'D)
dialog: (referring to the car)
dialog: Yeah, well, whoever it is, you're short on
dialog: funding.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Nothing is what it seems, kid.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Oh, yeah, my bad '86 Ford LTD. That's a
dialog: luxury ride. C'mon, who ya with?
text: Kay pulls the car to a stop.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'm part of a secret organization that
text: monitors and polices alien activity on earth.
text: Kay opens the door and gets out of the car. Edwards follows.
scene_heading: EXT. PAWN SHOP - NIGHT
text: Edwards looks around. Sees they're standing in front of a PAWN SHOP.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: This is where we're going?
text: They get out of the car.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS (CONT'D)
dialog: Jack Jeebs? Guy buys from chain snatchers.
dialog: Doesn't even sell guns.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: All right, you think it's worth shaking him
dialog: up, fine. I'll do my thing. Then I want some
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Do your "thing," kid. Edwards goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. PAWN SHOP - NIGHT
text: JACK JEEBS is the sleazy, sarcastic proprietor of the Pawn Shop. He's not
text: easily intimidated.
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: Officer Edwards. Oh, hey, geez, how'd these
dialog: get here? I thought I turned 'em in to the
dialog: proper authorities.
text: He casually brushes some Rolexes off the counter.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Way I hear it, Jeebs, you into something a
text: little hotter than some stolen Rolexes.
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: Sure -- I'm a big crack dealer now. I just
dialog: work here because I love the hours.
text: This pisses Edwards off. He grabs Jeebs by the collar.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: I'm talking about guns, Jeebs. High-tech
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: C'mon, Edwards, whatcha see is what I got.
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: Why don't you show him the imports, Jeebs.
text: At the sound of Kay's voice, Jeebs suddenly pales, a look of fear coming
text: over his face.
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: H-hiya Kay, how are you?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: The imports, Jeebs. Now.
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: You know I got outta that business a long
dialog: time ago, Kay.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Why do you lie to me? I hate it when you
dialog: lie.
text: He pulls his own gun and aims it at Jeebs' forehead.
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: Whoa, whoa, Kay, hold on a minute here...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'm going to count to three.
text: Edwards, seeing that Kay is getting somewhere, joins in the routine.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: He'll do it, Jeebs.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: One.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I've seen him do it.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Talk to me, Jeebs, he's crazy when he's
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: He's always crazy.
dialog: (to Kay)
dialog: Take a cruise. Get a massage --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Three.
text: KA-BOOM! Kay blows Jeebs' head off and Jeebs' body collapses to the floor.
text: Edwards is shocked.
text: Edwards pulls his own weapon and points it at Kay's head.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Put down the gun and put your hands on the
dialog: counter!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I warned him.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Drop the weapon!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You warned him.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: You are under arrest. You have the right to
dialog: remain silent.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Will you relax?
speaker_heading: JEEBS (O.S.)
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Don't do that.
text: Edwards whirls around to see Jeebs' BODY, growing another head. Only takes
text: four or five seconds. Kay calmly shoves his gun up against Jeebs'
text: baby-soft new cheek.
speaker_heading: JEEBS (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know how much that hurts?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Show us what you got, Jeebs. Or I'll use up
dialog: another one.
text: Jeebs, panicked, hits a button on the underside of the counter, which
text: promptly flips over, revealing yet another dusty shelf, piled high with
dialog: junk --
text: -- but this is all alien junk. Weapons, mostly, bizarre, otherworldly
dialog: weapons of all shapes and sizes.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Edwards?
text: Edwards, still dazed by Jeebs' regrown head, glances down at all the
dialog: weapons.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Uh, this. This is what I saw.
text: Kay looks at Jeebs, pissed off.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You sold a carbonizer with implosion capacity
text: to an unlicensed cephlapoid.
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: He looked all right to me.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: A carbonizer is an assassin's weapon, Jeebs.
dialog: Who was the target?
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: I don't know.
text: Kay raises the weapon again, threatening.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Jeebs!
speaker_heading: JEEBS
dialog: I don't know!
text: Kay lowers his gun, gestures to the shelf full of weapons.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: This is all confiscated. All of it. I want
dialog: you on the next transport off this rock. Or
dialog: I'll shoot you where it doesn't grow back.
text: Jeebs nods, point taken. Kay leaves.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Yeah. I'll be by tomorrow for those Rolexes.
text: Shaken, Edwards follows.
scene_heading: EXT. PAWN SHOP -- NIGHT
text: Edwards staggers out of the shop, trying to get the day's events straight
text: in his head.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: The eyelids, fine ... and the jumping thing
dialog: ... and the gun ... okay, but the head?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Searching for a handle on the moment here?
dialog: A place to file all this.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: See a head doesn't do that, it doesn't just
dialog: grow back.
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Can't help you, kid. Only comfort I can
dialog: offer is that tomorrow, you won't remember
dialog: a thing.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Oh, no. This I'm gonna remember for a long,
dialog: long time.
text: Kay pulls the neuralyzer from his pocket. He hesitates for the briefest of
text: moments -- as if this particular neuralyzation is different than all the
dialog: others.
text: Then he puts on his sunglasses.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Ever see one of these?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: -- the flash dims on EDWARDS and KAY, sitting at a table in a Chinese
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (finishing a joke)
dialog: -- and the wife says yeah, Harry, I know,
dialog: but this one's eating my popcorn!
text: He busts out laughing. Edwards, across from him, is completely
text: disoriented. He looks down. There's a half-eaten order of broccoli beef
text: and several empty bottles of beer on the table in front of him.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Huh?
text: Kay checks his watch.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Whoops. Gotta run. Thanks for the egg rolls.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: See what I mean about tequila? You're a
dialog: bright young man, James. Just lay off the
dialog: sauce. I'll see you tomorrow, nine a.m.
dialog: sharp.
text: He turns and walks out. Edwards checks his watch. A WAITRESS appears.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Another beer?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Coffee. Please.
text: She walks off. Edwards looks at the table. There is a business card lying
text: next to his plate, on which Kay has handwritten "James D. Edwards,
text: Saturday, 9 a.m., 504 Battery Drive."
text: Edwards looks at it, puzzled. He turns the card over and looks at the
text: other side. There's not much there, no name, no phone or fax number, no
text: e-mail address. Just three little letters, dead in the middle of the card:
speaker_heading: MIB
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A lonely farmhouse stands amid the fields of upstate New York farm
text: country. Several lights are on and through a window we can see the
text: silhouette of a MAN sitting at the kitchen table, the silhouette of a
text: WOMAN hovering over him, bringing things to him.
text: The Man (EDGAR) waves his arms, ranting.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (O.S.)
text: I go out, I work my butt off to make a
dialog: living, all I want is to come home to a
dialog: nice clean house with a nice fat steak on
dialog: the table, but instead I get this -- this
dialog: -- I don't even know what you call this!
text: In the sky above, it's one of those brilliant star fields. But something
text: strange is happening with one of those stars -- it's getting bigger.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (O.S.)
dialog: I'll tell you what it looks like, it looks
dialog: like poison. Don't you take that away, I'm
dialog: eating that, damn it! It is poison, isn't
dialog: it?!
text: No, that star isn't getting bigger, it's moving. Toward us. Fast. It goes
text: from a pinpoint to a dime, to a nickel, to a quarter, and works its way
dialog: into fruit metaphors.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (O.S.)
dialog: I swear to God, I would not be surprised if
dialog: it was, the way you skulk around here like
dialog: a dog been hit too much -- or ain't been
dialog: hit enough, I can't make up my mind.
dialog: Okay, we're way past watermelon now, that thing is huge, and it's starting
text: to glow hot red as it enters the earth's atmosphere, headed straight
dialog: toward us, coming here, to Beatrice and Edgar's place.
text: The blazing fireball barrels through the sky, SNAPS off a couple trees --
speaker_heading: EDGAR (O.S.)
dialog: You're useless, Beatrice! The only thing
dialog: that pulls its weight around here is my
dialog: goddamn truck!
text: -- and SLAMS right through a pickup truck parked in the driveway. A
text: concussive BLAST follows, then a geyser of smoke and flame erupts.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (O.S.)
dialog: Stay here!
text: The silhouette of Edgar leaps to its feet, races to the door, and throws
dialog: it open. Edgar is everything his voice led us to expect -- a nasty,
text: bug-eyed redneck carrying a twelve-gauge shotgun. His mouth agape, he
text: walks across the yard and stares at the hulking shell that was his truck.
text: The skeleton of the truck is still there, but there's a huge, smoldering
text: hole in it, a hole that goes at least ten feet down into the ground.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Figures.
text: He walks to the truck and touches the door handle. Hot. Using his shirt
text: tail, he opens the door and peers down into the hole.
text: IN THE HOLE, he sees a smooth curve of metal and a few blinking lights.
text: Embedded into the ground is, indeed, a spaceship, maybe eight feet across.
text: BEATRICE calls from behind him, standing in the doorway fearfully.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: What is it, Edgar?!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (turns to her)
dialog: Get your big butt back in that house!
text: Beatrice does as she's told, closing the door behind her. Edgar turns back
text: to the smoldering rock, raising his shotgun in defense. AN OTHERWORLDLY
text: VOICE comes from deep in the hole.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
text: Place projectile weapon on ground.
text: Edgar staggers back a step, terrified. But then he regains himself, raises
text: the weapon, and steps forward, pointing it menacingly down into the hole.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You can have my gun when you pry it from my
dialog: cold, dead fingers!
text: There is a pause while the voice thinks about this offer. Finally, it
text: responds, in a voice and cadence remarkably similar to Edgar's.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Your proposal is acceptable.
text: A long, hairy pincer flashes out of the hole, grabs Edgar by the head, and
text: pulls him down into the hole.
text: From deep in the hole, we hear a terrible RIPPING sound, like a bedsheet
text: being torn in half. There are some disgusting GUSHY sounds, then a moment
text: later, something flies out of the hole and FLOPS onto the ground next to
dialog: the truck.
text: It's Edgar. Well, sort of. His body parts still hang together -- face,
text: arms, legs, even clothes -- but everything inside has been removed and now
text: he just lies there, flat and empty, like a tuxedo on the floor after the
dialog: prom.
text: The shotgun flies out and lands beside him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: BEATRICE sits at the kitchen table, terrified, still wiping away tears
text: from Edgar's diatribe. The door opens and EDGAR comes back into the
text: kitchen, seemingly fleshed out again, leaving the door hanging open behind
text: him. He carries the shotgun.
text: She looks up at him, anxious. But his face is a blank.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: What on earth was it?!
text: He looks at her strangely. When he speaks, his voice is different than
dialog: before. More refined.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Sugar.
text: Pause. She looks out the window, at the smoking truck.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: I've never seen sugar do that.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Give me sugar.
text: Puzzled, Beatrice gets up, goes to the cabinet, and grabs a bag of sugar.
text: She holds it out to him.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: In water.
text: Frightened, she takes a glass of water from the table. She dumps some of
dialog: the sugar into it.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: More.
text: She puts more, till the glass is brimming. She stirs it quickly with a
text: knife and hands it to him, her hand trembling.
text: Edgar takes it and downs it in a single gulp. Beatrice stares at Edgar, no
text: idea what to think. She notices something odd about the skin on his neck.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: Edgar, your skin! It's -- it's -- just
dialog: hanging off your bones!
text: Edgar drops the glass and looks in a window, to catch his reflection. He
dialog: reaches up --
text: -- and twists his whole face, as if adjusting a ski mask, then tucks the
text: skin of his neck back into his shirt collar. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That better?
text: Beatrice faints.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Stillness. Silence. A loud SCRAPING sound comes from the pit left by the
dialog: spaceship.
text: The nose of the ship itself rises up out of the pit, wavers, keeps moving,
text: and finally CRUNCHES to the ground outside the pit.
text: EDGAR climbs out of the pit, breathing heavily. He dusts himself off and
text: continues pushing the ship, along the ground, off into the darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MIB BUILDING - DAY
text: The next morning. EDWARDS, holding the small MIB business card in his
text: hand, compares the address written down by Kay to the address on the
text: utterly nondescript building in front of him. It's seven stories high,
text: gray, windowless, perfectly square, squatting on a bridge over a road like
text: a fat guy on the john.
dialog: "504 Battery Drive."
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - TUNNEL VENT ROOM - DAY
text: EDWARDS steps through a heavily barred metal door and into long, bizarre
text: room. One wall is entirely dominated by the enormous blades of a tunnel
text: vent air intake. There is an elevator at the far end of the room and an
text: OLD SECURITY GUARD, the rent-a-cop kind, reading a comic book on a folding
text: metal chair halfway across.
text: Edwards walks across the room, his footsteps ECHOING. The Guard looks up.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Help you?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Maybe, I'm not sure, see, I got this card --
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: Elevator. Push the "call" button.
text: And he goes back to his comic book. Edwards, maybe out of nothing more
text: than curiosity at this point, walks across the room, toward the elevator.
text: As he draws close, the elevator doors WHOOSH open, expecting him.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - ENTRANCE ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Edwards steps inside and turns around. The doors close. He pushes the
text: "call" button and waits, but the elevator doesn't move. Instead, doors on
text: the other side of the elevator slide open silently behind him. Edwards
text: waits, unaware.
text: From behind him, somebody clears their throat. Edwards turns around, and
text: finds himself standing in --
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY
text: This back room is every bit as mysterious and unfamiliar as the entryway.
text: Standing at the front of the room is ZED, a wire-haired career G-man, an
text: old school bureaucrat, wearing the exact same kind of suit Kay had on last
text: night. SIX OTHER HOT RECRUITS sit in egg-shaped chairs, staring at
dialog: Edwards.
text: One chair is empty.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: You're late. Sit down.
text: Edwards takes the remaining chair. The elevator doors slide shut. Zed
text: continues addressing the Recruits.
speaker_heading: ZED (CONT'D)
dialog: My name is Zed. You're all here because
dialog: you're the best of the best. Marines, Navy
text: SEALS, Army Rangers...NYPD.
text: They all turn and regard Edwards a little smugly. He gives it back.
speaker_heading: ZED (CONT'D)
dialog: And we're looking for one of you. Just one.
text: What will follow is a series of simple
dialog: tests designed to quantify motor skills,
dialog: hand-eye coordination, concentration,
dialog: stamina -- I see we have a question.
text: Edwards's hand is, indeed, up.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Why, uh -- I'm sorry, it's just no one
dialog: really asked this, but -- why, exactly, are
dialog: we doing this?
text: Silence. Then one of the young recruits eagerly raises his hand. Zed calls
text: on him.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Son?
speaker_heading: AMBITIOUS RECRUIT
dialog: (loud and formal)
dialog: Jake Jensen, West Point, graduate with
dialog: honors. We're here because you're looking
dialog: for the best of the best of the best, sir!
text: Edwards tries to stifle a laugh, but can't.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: What's so funny, Edwards?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I -- I don't know, sir. This guy. "Best of
dialog: the best of the best of the best of the --"
dialog: (realizing nobody is with
dialog: him on this)
dialog: It just struck me as --
dialog: (totally serious)
dialog: Humorous. Sir.
text: Short pause. Then Zed continues.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Okay. Let's get going.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - INTERVIEW ROOM - LATER - DAY
text: The recruits scribble away at the written test. It's a thick document --
text: reasoning skills, general knowledge, diagrams. The RECRUITS seem to be
text: really powering through it, filling in answer after answer.
text: But no desks have been provided for them, and they're all still in their
text: chairs, writing uncomfortably on their thighs or knees.
text: EDWARDS is really struggling. He writes two words on one answer, then
text: decides to erase it. The lack of a writing surface is driving him crazy;
text: his pencil even TEARS through the page.
text: He looks up. In the middle of the tile floor, there is an unused table.
text: Edwards gets up, goes to it, grabs hold --
text: -- and drags it, SCREECHING DEAFENINGLY, back to his chair. Everybody
text: looks up, wincing at the horrible sound that fills the room.
text: Edwards sits back down, now writing on the table. That's better.
text: Zed raises an eyebrow. He stares at Edwards, then looks up, toward a
text: smoked glass window. Behind the dark glass, a FIGURE stands, staring,
dialog: unemotional.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING -- SHOOTING GALLERY -- DAY
text: SEVEN WEAPONS rest on a table in the middle of an otherwise empty,
text: triangular room. The SEVEN RECRUITS stand in front of the table.
text: There's an odd moment -- where everyone sort of looks around: at each
text: other, at the blank walls...
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Anyone, uh...any of you guys know what we're
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: MARINE
dialog: (clipped, unquestioning)
dialog: Looking for the best of the best of the best.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: (can't help but smile)
dialog: Well, yeah, I know, but...
dialog: And then .. suddenly --
text: The two far walls pull apart. The whole room pulsates and the air is
text: suddenly filled with a bewildering swirl of stroboscopic images, both
text: human and alien. Everywhere is color, light and movement -- a holographic
text: mass of strange shapes and characters moving simultaneously.
text: The Recruits lunge for the weapons, snapping them up and taking aim. SIX
text: SHOTS are fired at once. And then, a second later, a SEVENTH SHOT is
text: fired. Everyone sort of looks at Edwards, who puts his gun down last.
text: There's an awkward silence. Then the door opens. Light pours in, and ZED
text: with it. Even the highly competitive cadets can't help but feel some
text: sympathy as Zed walks straight to Edwards.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: The hell happened?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Hesitated, sir.
text: Zed looks into the gallery. Most obvious in the frozen tableau of
text: creatures is a lunging, snarling beast, which has three bullet holes in
text: its chest. Next to it is a massively deformed humanoid creature with a
text: large hook for a head, which also has three holes in it. In the back
text: corner of the gallery, there is a single bullet hole in a pretty
text: eight-year-old girl.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: May I ask why you felt little Tiffany
dialog: deserved to die?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: She was the only one who actually seemed
dialog: dangerous. At the time.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: And how did you come to that conclusion?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Hook-head guy. You explain to me how he can
dialog: think with a hook for a head. Answer; it's
text: not his head. His head is that butt-ugly
dialog: bean-bag thing over there. 'Cause if you
text: look at the snarling beast-guy, he's not
text: snarling, he's sneezing -- he's got tissues
text: in his hand. No threat there, and anyhow,
dialog: the girl's books were way too advanced for
dialog: an eight-year-old's. And besides, from
dialog: where I'm looking, she was the only one who
dialog: appeared to have a motive. And I don't
dialog: appreciate your jumping down my throat about
dialog: it.
text: Sideways glances from the other recruits. Zed sighs.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS (CONT'D)
dialog: Or, uh -- do I owe her an apology?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - OBSERVATION ROOM/INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY
text: ZED and KAY stand behind smoked glass, staring at the RECRUITS, who are
text: still in the shooting gallery, waiting for a decision.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: He's got a real problem with authority.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: So do I. The guy ran down a cephlapoid, Zed.
dialog: On foot. Tenacity. That I can use.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: I hope you know what you're doing.
text: Zed turns and walks away. Kay stares through the glass, at EDWARDS, who
text: stands alone on one side of the room, apart from the rest of the group.
text: Zed reappears on the other side of the glass, coming through a door and
text: into the shooting gallery. As he talks, Kay turns and walks off.
speaker_heading: ZED (CONT'D)
dialog: Congratulations, you're everything we've
dialog: come to expect from years of government
dialog: training. Now, if you'll just follow me, we
dialog: have one more test to administer, an eye
dialog: exam.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HALLWAY - DAY
text: The RECRUITS follow ZED out of the shooting gallery and into a long
text: hallway. Zed motions them off to the left. EDWARDS is the last one out of
text: the room, but he stops as he steps into the hallway.
text: KAY is outside the door, waiting for him. Edwards recognizes him from last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: You! Hey, what's goin' on?
text: The other recruits continue down the hall with Zed. Kay doesn't answer,
text: just gestures to Edwards to follow him down the hall, which he does.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Back in the mid-fifties, the government
dialog: started a little underfunded agency with
dialog: the simple and laughable purpose of making
dialog: contact with a race not of this planet.
text: As they pass an alcove, Edwards notices the six other Recruits, who have
text: been herded into a corner. Zed, addressing them, pulls a neuralyzer from
text: his pocket.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Now, if you'll look directly at the end of
dialog: this device.
text: He holds a neuralyzer up in front of them, and the Recruits stare
text: obediently at it as Zed slips on a pair of black sunglasses.
text: Edwards stares, fascinated, but Kay's hand reaches in and yanks him away,
text: just as Zed's neuralyzer FLASHES WHITE.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HALLWAY - DAY
text: As KAY leads EDWARDS down an impossibly long corridor, he hands him a file
text: folder stuffed thick with eight by ten photographs.
text: He hands Jay the first picture, a shot of eight or nine MEN in plain black
text: suits standing around a fifties-style office with metal desks and
text: fluorescent lights. DEE and ZED are there, much younger.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Everybody thought the agency was a joke.
text: Except the aliens. They made contact on
dialog: March 2nd, 1961, outside New York City.
text: Another photograph, a grainy black and white image of two ships hovering
text: in the night sky -- classic flying saucer shapes.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: There were nine of us that night. Seven
dialog: agents. An amateur astronomer. And one poor
dialog: kid who got lost on the wrong back road.
text: Yet another photograph, this one showing a young KAY, in a shirt and tie,
text: holding a bouquet of flowers, staring at the open door of the landed
text: flying saucer. ALIEN SHAPES are visible within.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: You brought the aliens flowers?
text: Kay steers Edwards to the right, down another corridor, just as long as
dialog: the first.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: They were intergalactic refugees with a
dialog: simple request. Let us use the earth as an
dialog: apolitical zone for people without a
dialog: planet. Ever see "Casablanca?" Same thing,
dialog: no Nazis. We agreed. So we masked all
dialog: evidence of their landing.
text: Another picture, this one of the 1964 World's Fair grounds, still under
text: construction. Giant models of rockets mark the Fair's theme of space
text: travel; most prominent in the construction are two tall towers, with the
text: flying saucers now mounted at the top of each.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: The 1964 World's Fair was a coverup?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Why else would we hold it in Queens?
dialog: (another hallway)
text: Now left. More nonhumans arrive every year.
dialog: They live among us, in secret.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I see. Not to change the subject, but when
dialog: was your last cat-scan?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Every six months; it's company policy.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Well, thanks for the very amusing morning,
dialog: but I'm hopin' you'll show me where I came
dialog: in? 'Cause this is where I go out.
text: They have stopped next to an unmarked door. Kay throws it open and steps
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Yeah, sure, hang on, I wanna grab a coffee
dialog: while we're right here.
text: As Kay walks into the kitchenette, Edwards' jaw drops, his eyes widen, and
text: he stares in wonderment --
text: -- at THREE WORM-LIKE ALIENS standing around a water cooler. Tall,
text: impossibly thin, most certainly not from New York, the aliens hold an
text: animated conversation in a language that seems like a combination of
text: Esperanto and microphone feedback.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the aliens)
dialog: Don't tell me we've only got that powdered
dialog: shit for cream again?
text: One of the Worm Aliens answers him in their native tongue and points to
text: the counter.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh.
text: He finds the cream sitting out on the counter where the alien indicated,
text: dumps some in his coffee, and comes back outside, closing the door behind
text: him. He reaches up and gently pushes Edwards' jaw up, closing his mouth.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: For future reference, this is a better look
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATTERY PARK - DAY
text: EDWARDS, thrown for a major loop, sits like a zombie alongside KAY on a
text: bench in Battery Park. Kay drinks his coffee while they talk.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Any given time, around fifteen hundred
text: landed aliens are on the planet, the
dialog: majority right here in Manhattan. Most
dialog: aliens are decent enough, just trying to
dialog: make a living.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Cab drivers?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Not as many as you'd think. Humans, for the
dialog: most part, don't have a clue. Don't want
dialog: one, either. They're happy. They think
dialog: they've got a pretty good bead on things.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Why the big secret? People are smart, they
dialog: can handle it.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: A person is smart. People are dumb.
dialog: Everything they've ever "known" has been
dialog: proven to be wrong. A thousand years ago
dialog: everybody knew as a fact, that the earth
dialog: was the center of the universe. Five
dialog: hundred years ago, they knew it was flat.
dialog: Fifteen minutes ago, you knew we humans
dialog: were alone on it. Imagine what you'll know
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: So what's the catch?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What you'll gain in perspective, you'll
dialog: lose in ways you're too young to comprehend.
dialog: You give up everything. Sever every human
dialog: contact. No one will know you exist. Ever.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Nobody?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You're not even allowed a favorite shirt.
dialog: There. That's the speech I never heard.
dialog: That's the choice I never got.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Hold up. You track me down, put me through
dialog: those stupid-ass tests, now you're trying
dialog: to talk me out of it. I don't get it.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You got 'til sun-up.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Is it worth it?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You find out, you let me know.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATTERY PARK - DUSK
text: Almost nighttime now, and the park is empty. EDWARDS is still on the
text: bench. And still thinking. Above him, the stars are coming out.
text: Slowly, he looks up, into the vastness of the heavens.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: The next morning. A door opens on a garage and an ORKIN MAN steps inside,
text: carrying a tank of toxic gas. The morning light spills on an abundance of
text: spiders, crawling everywhere -- big ones, small ones, hundreds of them
dialog: have moved in and taken over this dusty place.
text: The Orkin Man sighs and sets down his tank.
speaker_heading: ORKIN MAN
dialog: Well, well, well. Movin' right in, are we?
dialog: Think we own the place?
text: He unfurls a hose from the side of the tank.
speaker_heading: ORKIN MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Got a little eviction notice for you, boys.
text: He raises a mask to his face and unscrews the handle on the top of the
text: tank. LETHAL GAS starts to HISS from the end of the hose.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Just what exactly do you think you're doing?
text: The Orkin Man turns around. EDGAR stands in the doorway to the garage,
text: staring at him disdainfully.
speaker_heading: ORKIN MAN
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Takin' care of your pest problem.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: "Pest" problem? "Pest?"
speaker_heading: ORKIN MAN
dialog: Yeah. You got a hell of an infestation.
text: Edgar advances on him, slowly.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You know, I have noticed an infestation
dialog: here. Everywhere I look, in fact. Nothing
text: but undeveloped, unevolved, barely conscious
dialog: pond scum. So convinced of their own
text: superiority as they scurry about their
dialog: short, pointless lives.
speaker_heading: ORKIN MAN
dialog: Well -- yeah. Don't you want to get rid of
dialog: 'em?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: In the worst way.
text: Edgar lashes out quickly, jerking the mask off the Orkin Man's face with
dialog: one hand --
text: -- and shoving the gas hose down his throat with the other.
text: THE ORKIN MAN'S CAR KEYS drop to the garage floor, and Edgar picks them
dialog: up.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - DAY
text: A six-by-ten sheet of plywood THUDS to the driveway outside the garage.
text: EDGAR raises one end of it so it's hanging off the back end of the Orkin
text: man's van -- now it's a ramp.
text: He walks off and we hear that familiar SCRAPING sound again. Edgar,
text: GRUNTING with the effort, slowly pushes his spaceship up the ramp and into
text: the back of the Orkin truck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - TUNNEL VENT ROOM - DAY
text: EDWARDS stands in the middle of the tunnel vent room, the same one he
text: first came into yesterday. The elevator doors open and KAY, obviously
text: summoned by the OLD SECURITY GUARD, stands waiting for him.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: One thing you gotta know right now.
text: Edwards walks briskly forward and gets in the elevator with Kay.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Inside the elevator, the doors WHOOSH shut, KAY turns a key in a certain
text: floor number, and the descent begins. EDWARDS continues.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: All right. I'm in because there's some
dialog: next-level shit going on around here, and
dialog: I'm with that. Before you beam me up, there
dialog: are a couple of things we need to get
dialog: straight. You chose me 'cause you recognize
dialog: the skills. So as of now you can cease with
dialog: all of that calling me "son" or "kid" or
dialog: "sport." Cool?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Cool, slick. Now about those skills of yours,
dialog: The elevator doors --
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: -- slide open on Men in Black headquarters.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: As of this moment, they don't mean much.
text: It's unlike anything we've ever seen -- huge, multileveled, of sixties
text: design, polished steel and glass. The workplaces are sleek and
text: uncluttered, manned by both HUMANS and ALIENS. Most of the Aliens stay in
text: the background, like the UPSIDE-DOWN GUY who walks on the ceiling,
text: shuffling papers.
text: KAY and EDWARDS step off the elevator and onto a platform that looks out
dialog: over the whole place.
text: Kay leads him down into the complex. First, they walk past a sort of
text: passport control center, where a human BUREAUCRAT at a desk is checking
text: the documents of a line of ALIENS who've just arrived. There are a dozen
text: bizarre life forms in that line, CHATTING in half a dozen different alien
dialog: tongues.
text: Edwards slows as they pass, listening to the PASSPORT CONTROL OFFICER as
text: he addresses an ARQUILLIAN, a large, humanoid visitor.
speaker_heading: PASSPORT OFFICER
dialog: Purpose of trip?
speaker_heading: ARQUILLIAN
dialog: Diplomatic mission.
speaker_heading: PASSPORT OFFICER
dialog: Duration of stay?
speaker_heading: ARQUILLIAN
dialog: Lunch.
speaker_heading: PASSPORT OFFICER
dialog: Carrying any fruits or vegetables?
text: Edwards just stares, fascinated, but Kay grabs him by the arm and hurries
dialog: him along.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Let's go. He's a little...grouchy.
text: Kay moves him into the central hall.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: A couple of hours wait after a 17-light-year
dialog: flight would get on anybody's nerves.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: What branch of the government do we report
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: None. They started asking too many questions.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: So who pays for all this?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Oh, we hold a few patents on gadgets we
dialog: confiscated from our out-of-state visitors.
text: Velcro. Microwave Ovens. Liposuction.
text: AT A STORAGE CAGE, Kay turns a key in the lock of a caged-in area and
text: throws the door open. Inside, there are piles of sophisticated-looking
text: devices stacked on shelves and tabletops.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (picking something up)
text: Here. A new recording device to replace
dialog: CD's. So now I gotta buy the White Album
dialog: again?
dialog: (something else)
dialog: This is amusing. Universal translator.
text: He holds up a cylindrical metal tube and a small wire clip that looks like
text: a lapel microphone.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: We're not supposed to have it. I'll tell
dialog: you why. Human thought is so primitive
dialog: it's considered an infectious disease.
dialog: Makes you proud, doesn't it?
text: Edwards picks up a small yellow ball from one of the shelves.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't touch that!
text: THE BALL ZINGS OUT OF EDWARDS' HANDS -- it flies out into the main complex
text: -- hits the ceiling and ricochets around the room, faster than the eye can
dialog: follow --
text: VARIOUS SHOTS OF HUMANS AND ALIENS ducking, dodging, and jumping out of
dialog: its way.
text: ON KAY as he calmly, a little wearily, slips an odd-looking metal glove
text: over his right hand...
text: He raises his hand and the yellow ball zings into it -- Kay catches the
text: ball, calmly.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Caused the '77 New York blackout. Practical
dialog: joke by the Great Attractor. He thought it
dialog: was funny as hell.
text: They leave the room.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Sorry!
text: ON THE MAIN FLOOR, they walk briskly across the room, reaching a giant
text: screen on the far wall.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Observation, the heart of our little
dialog: endeavor.
text: The screen displays a map of the world on which thousands of tiny lights
text: blink in all parts of the globe, log lines of data flashing next to them.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: This map shows the location of every
dialog: registered alien on earth at any given
dialog: time. Some of them we keep under constant
dialog: surveillance.
text: He hits a button on the console and the map is replaced by hundreds of
text: boxes, each with smaller video images.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
text: Everyone on these screens is an alien. In
dialog: public -- normal. In private -- you'll get
dialog: the idea.
text: ON THE SCREENS, we see live images of aliens. Aliens who look alien are in
text: spots where they can't be seen. Aliens who look human are functioning
text: right out in public -- including SAM DONALDSON. MICHAEL JACKSON. And TONY
speaker_heading: ROBBINS.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Meet the twins.
text: Kay gestures to two small, bony CREATURES with eight arms each and a
text: single eye growing out of a central stalk in their heads. They turn around
dialog: and wave two or three arms each.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I gotta be honest about something.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It makes no sense?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: It makes perfect sense. When I was a third
dialog: grader in Philadelphia, they told me I was
dialog: crazy 'cause I swore that our teacher was
dialog: from, like, Venus or something.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Mrs. Edelson.
text: Edwards, stunned, looks at Kay as 4-Eyes boots her onto the screen: Mean
text: face, cat glasses. Bony fingers. Extremely well-hidden tail.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Jupiter, actually. Well, one of the moons.
text: With their remaining arms, they punch button after button on the enormous
text: console. ZED, who was standing up close to the screen, walks over to
text: Edwards, sizing him up.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: What's your jacket size, Edwards?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Uh -- forty regular.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Then let's put it on.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Put what on?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: The last suit you'll ever wear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Like the rest of the place, the MIB locker room is all white. White walls,
text: white floor, white ceiling, white lockers. ZED'S VOICE comes over:
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: From now on, you'll dress only in attire
dialog: specially sanctioned by MIB Special
dialog: Services.
text: EDWARDS reaches out and opens a white locker, revealing a BLACK SUIT hung
text: from a hanger in the middle. Above it, on the shelf, a BLACK HAT and a
text: pair of BLACK SUNGLASSES. On the bottom, a pair of SHINY BLACK SHOES.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: KAY is at a computer terminal. On screen are Edwards's birth certificate,
dialog: driver's license, social security card, library card, everything. ZED'S
speaker_heading: VOICE continues:
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: You'll conform to the identity we give you,
dialog: eat where we tell you, live where we tell
dialog: you, get approval for any expenditure over
dialog: a hundred dollars.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING LASER BOOTH - DAY
text: EDWARDS stands in a cramped white booth.
text: He holds both his hands on a TEN-FINGERED KEYPAD, pressing down hard. The
text: pad glows red, a SEARING sound comes from his hands, and he grimaces as
text: more lasers instantly and (not at all) painlessly change his fingerprints.
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: You will have no identifying marks of any
dialog: kind. You will not stand out in any way.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: One by one, KAY deletes Edwards's identity cards.
text: On the computer screen is Edwards' full name -- JAMES DARREL EDWARDS III.
text: Kay punches a couple keys, and the cursor begins to sweep from right to
text: left, starting to eliminate the rightmost letters of Edwards's name.
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: Your entire image is carefully crafted to
dialog: leave no lasting memory whatsoever with
dialog: anyone you encounter.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Pants come off the hanger. The white shirt is removed.
text: More letters are eliminated from his name. It reads "JAMES DARREL ED..."
text: then "JAMES DARR..."
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: You're a rumor, recognizable only as deja
dialog: vu and dismissed just as quickly. You don't
dialog: exist; you were never even born.
text: The coat is removed. The hat comes off the shelf.
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: Anonymity is your name. Silence your native
dialog: tongue.
dialog: "JAMES..." "JAM..."
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: You are no longer part of "the system."
text: We're above the system. Over it. Beyond it.
text: Feet slip into black shoes. A belt is buckled. A tie pushed up.
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: We're "them." We're "they."
text: On screen, all that's left is the letter "J."
text: As the coat is buttoned, we notice the sleeve. Monogrammed on the cuff is,
dialog: simply, the letter "J."
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: We are the Men in Black.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Looking slick and handsome in his extremely sharp suit, JAMES D EDWARDS
text: III -- or, rather, JAY -- steps into the doorway from the locker room. He
text: reaches into his pocket, takes out the sunglasses, and looks at KAY.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: The difference between you and me?
text: He slips on the sunglasses.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I make this look good.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW JERSEY - EARLY MORNING
text: We are looking at a telephoto shot of Manhattan in all its splendor.
text: We see the Orkin van topping a hill, heading towards Manhattan.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - ZED'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Zed's office is a circular, windowed room elevated above the main floor of
text: MIB headquarters. JAY and KAY sit across the desk from Zed. There are five
text: video monitors on a wall behind Zed's desk, and on each monitor is another
text: Man in Black, in different parts of the world, the city name and a clock
text: ticking in a corner of the image.
text: While Zed talks, he goes through paperwork on his desk.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Okay, let's see.
dialog: (to one of the monitors)
dialog: Bee, we got the deposed sur-prefect of
text: Sinalee touching down in the forest outside
dialog: Portland tonight. I'm pulling you down from
text: Anchorage to do a meet-and-greet.
text: BEE, an agent on one of the monitors, nods.
speaker_heading: BEE
dialog: Humanoid?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: You wish. Bring a sponge.
dialog: (going through memos)
dialog: What else -- everybody, we gotta keep
text: Rolling Fish-Goat out of the sewer system,
text: he's scaring the rats. And Bobo the Squat
dialog: wants to reveal himself on "Unsolved
dialog: Mysteries." Bee, make sure he doesn't.
text: He turns a page, coming across a red memo.
speaker_heading: ZED (CONT'D)
dialog: Red-letter from last night -- we had an
dialog: un-authorized landing somewhere in upstate
dialog: New York farm country. Keep your ears open
dialog: for this one, Kay, we're not hosting a
dialog: galactic kegger down here.
text: Next to him, his computer screen BEEPS importantly. Zed looks over at it.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Well, well, well -- we got a skimmer.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (to Jay)
text: Landed alien out of zone.
dialog: (to Zed)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Redgick. He's not cleared to leave Manhattan
text: but he's way out of town right now, stuck in
dialog: traffic on the New Jersey Turnpike. Why
dialog: don't you take Jay? This is a good one for
text: him to warm up on.
scene_heading: EXT. MIB BUILDING - BATTERY PARK - DAY
text: JAY and KAY come out the front of MIB headquarters.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo, wussup with Zed?
dialog: (imitating him)
dialog: "Go get em, tiger. We're not hosting an
dialog: intergalactic kegger..."
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Zed was saving the world before you were
dialog: born, son. Show some respect.
text: An MIB MECHANIC pulls up in Kay's black LTD and hops out, leaving the door
text: open. Jay sizes up the car.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We got the use of unlimited technology from
dialog: the entire universe and we cruise around in
dialog: this?
text: Kay glares at Jay. He's getting annoyed.
scene_heading: INT. MIB LTD - DAY
text: They get in and slam the doors. Kay starts the car and the engine HUMS
dialog: quietly.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Seat belt.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You know, ya'll gotta learn how to talk to
dialog: people. You could be a little kinder and
dialog: gentler.
text: Kay grits his teeth.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Buckle up, please.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Now did that hurt?
text: Kay shifts the car into reverse. The awesome power of the car kicks in and
text: Jay sails forward, THWACKING into the dash. Kay shifts into forward and
text: taps the gas, SLAMMING Jay back into his seat.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Makin' fun of my ride...
text: A LIGHTED PANEL rotates into place between the two front seats. Jay's
text: hand falls by accident on a flashing red button in the panel.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Jay. The button?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Never push the button, Jay.
text: Jay jerks his hand away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - SIDE OF THE ROAD - DAY
text: The LTD is now stopped by the side of the road, dust swirling around it.
text: Ahead of it, another car has pulled over. KAY gets out, JAY follows a
text: moment later, shaky-legged. Kay walks up to the window of the car they've
text: stopped. The DRIVER, a guy in his mid-thirties with a WIFE in her
text: mid-thirties, rolls the window down.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: License and registration, please.
text: The Driver hands over some documents. Kay flips through them.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Other license and registration, please.
text: The guy digs out two other cards and hands those over. Jay peers over
text: Kay's shoulder.
text: The photographs on the "RESIDENT ALIEN ID"cards are of two
text: friendly-looking reptile types, husband and wife, smiling atthe camera,
text: their long, skinny tongues dangling in a friendly sort of way.
text: Kay hands them back.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Your resident card has you restricted to
dialog: the five boroughs only. Where do you think
dialog: you're going?
speaker_heading: REDGICK
dialog: It's my wife! She's -- she's -- well, look!
text: Kay leans down and looks in the window. MRS. REDGICK is in front, MOANING
text: in pain, holding her swollen belly. Kay straightens up, fast.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Oh God. How soon?
text: Mrs. Redgick SCREAMS in pain. Real soon. For the first time since we've
text: seen him, Kay is nervous.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. All right. No big deal.
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: You handle it.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Sure, it's easy, you just sorta -- catch.
text: Mrs. Redgick SCREAMS again. Redgick gets out of the car, worried.
speaker_heading: REDGICK
dialog: Are you sure he knows what he's doing?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Yeah, hell, sure, he does this all the time.
dialog: C'mon, let him work, Redgick, I wanna ask
dialog: you something.
text: Kay gives Jay a supportive SLAP on the back and leads Redgick away, to the
text: rear of the car. Jay stays in the background and opens the rear door,
text: tentatively. He leans down, into the car.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh God! I see it I see it I see it!
text: A few yards from the car, Kay turns Redgick to face him.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: Croagg the Midwife's back on 64th and 8th.
dialog: You were headed out of town.
speaker_heading: REDGICK
dialog: Well, we're, uh -- meeting someone.
text: Suddenly a TENTACLE whips out from between Mrs. Redgick's legs, CRACKS the
text: whip once, and wraps around the door post, grabbing hold.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh sweet Jesus Mother of God did you see
dialog: that?!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (still to Redgick)
dialog: So? Who you meeting?
speaker_heading: REDGICK
dialog: Well, it's -- a ship.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Really? I didn't see a departure clearance
dialog: for today.
speaker_heading: REDGICK
dialog: You didn't? Uh, well -- it was an emergency.
text: Now a SECOND TENTACLE whips out, but this one wraps around Jay's neck and
text: pulls tight. He GASPS, choking.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Guys -- guys --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Doin' fine, Ace.
dialog: (back to Redgick)
dialog: What kind of emergency? What's the rush to
dialog: get off the planet all of a sudden?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (choking to death)
dialog: Help?! HELP! Hello?!
text: He starts tugging for all he's worth, but the fight is sort of going
text: against him, as the tentacles pull him in even harder than he tries to
dialog: pull the baby out.
speaker_heading: REDGICK
dialog: We just don't like the neighborhood anymore.
text: Some of the -- new arrivals.
text: Redgick looks at Kay, clearly concealing something, but darts his eyes
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What new arrivals? This have anything to do
dialog: with the crasher from last night?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (Screaming)
dialog: Can you guys do this later?!
text: But in that moment, Jay finally gets a foot up on the door frame, acquires
text: leverage, and RIPS the baby free. He falls, flat on his back in the dirt,
text: the multi-tentacled lizardlike baby resting squarely on his chest.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh -- oh -- oh -- man.
text: Kay turns and claps Redgick on the back.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Congratulations! It's a lizard.
text: Jay looks down at the creature COOING and nestling on his chest.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (misty)
dialog: Hey, you know, it is sorta --
text: It vomits on him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - SIDE OF THE ROAD - MIB LTD - DAY
text: Back in the car, JAY wipes the last of the puke off his suit while KAY
text: starts up the car.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Anything about that seem unusual to you?
text: Jay just looks at him, very Jack Benny.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Pick.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What kind of "new arrival" would scare
dialog: Redgick so bad that he'd risk a warp jump
dialog: with a newborn?
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Let's check the hot sheets.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSSTAND - DAY
text: CLOSE ON on various supermarket tabloids as a hand flips through them.
text: There are headlines like "POPE A FATHER!"and "TOP DOCTORS BAFFLED -- BABY
text: BORN PREGNANT!" and "MAN EATS OWN HOUSE!" (the subhead on that one is "And
dialog: That's Just the Appetizer, Says Neighbor.")
text: KAY and JAY are at a downtown newsstand. Kay is furiously searching
text: through the tabs; Jay is standing behind him, a little embarrassed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: These are the hot sheets?
text: Kay pulls a copy of the Weekly World News from the stand and gives the guy
text: a buck.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Best damn investigative reporting on the
dialog: planet. But hey, go ahead, read the New
dialog: York Times if you want. They get lucky
dialog: sometimes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're actually looking for tips in a
dialog: supermarket tabloid?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Not looking for. Found.
text: He SMACKS the paper down on the hood in front of Jay, the pages turned
text: open to a headline in typeface so large one would think it reserved for
dialog: the Second Coming:
dialog: Farm wife says
text: "ALIEN STOLE MY HUSBAND'S SKIN!"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GEM AND JEWELRY STORE - ORKIN VAN - DAY
text: A flap of skin, now getting gray and crusty with age, hangs off EDGAR's
text: neck as he sits in the front of his Orkin van. He sucks as hard as he
dialog: possibly can on a straw stuck into a Jolt Cola ("Double the Sugar! Triple
text: the Caffeine!"), one of a six-pack that sits on the dashboard.
text: Across the street, Edgar sees a short, older man come out of one of the
text: jewelry shops on Thirty-Fifth Street. Edgar drops the soda and stares.
text: The Older Man (ROSENBERG), is carrying a cat and an ornate rosewood
text: jewelry box. Carefully, he sets the box down and lovingly places the cat
text: on top of it while he locks all five locks on the door to his distinctive
dialog: shop.
text: That finished, he picks up the cat, then the box, then waddles off down
text: the street, one under each arm.
text: Edgar drops the truck into gear and follows him, slowly, trolling along
text: behind him.
text: ON THE STREET, Rosenberg walks happily along, HUMMING to himself. He gives
text: his cat a little peck. As he rounds a corner, we recognize the tune he's
dialog: humming -- "I've Got the Whole World In My Hands."
text: The Orkin van rounds the corner behind him. Following.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: The LTD pulls to a stop at the end of the driveway that leads to
text: Beatrice's farmhouse, where the alien ship landed. The wrecked pickup
text: truck is still there. JAY and KAY get out, very undercover cop. Jay starts
text: up the driveway.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Not so fast. Walk up slow.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Part of the routine. Makes it look like
dialog: we're sizing up the situation. Gives her
dialog: time to get the wrong impression.
text: BEATRICE appears in the door to the house, curious.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Puts some fear into her. Makes things go
dialog: smoother.
text: Beatrice calls to them.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: Can I help you gentlemen?
dialog: Beatrice looks much better than the last time we saw her -- more nicely
text: dressed, a touch of makeup, a smile on her face.
text: Kay pulls a black card from his wallet and extends it to her as she draws
text: close. As she reaches for it, the card reforms into an FBI badge.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: How do you do, ma'am, I'm Special Agent
dialog: Manheim, this is Agent Black, FBI. Had a
dialog: few questions about your visitor.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: Are you here to make fun of me too?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: No ma'am. We at the FBI don't have a sense
dialog: of humor that we're aware of. Mind if we
dialog: come in?
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: Sure. Lemonade?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: In the living room, KAY sips some of her lemonade and winces. JAY moves
text: through the room, checking it out as BEATRICE tells her story.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: And they said to me, "If he was murdered,
dialog: how could he walk back in the house?" And I
dialog: must admit, I was a little stumped by that
dialog: one. But I know Edgar. And that wasn't him.
dialog: It was more like something else that was
text: wearing him. Like a suit. An Edgar suit.
text: A little GIGGLE escapes her at the thought. Jay, over by a bookcase,
text: notices a framed PHOTO OF EDGAR, kneeling in the woods, proudly about to
dialog: skin a deer.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Damn. If he was this ugly before he was an
dialog: alien...
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: Anyway, when I came to, he was gone.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Did he say anything?
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: Yes! He asked for water. Sugar water, if I
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Sugar water.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Did you taste her lemonade?
text: Kay nods, puts on his sunglasses. Takes out another pair, hands them to
dialog: Jay.
text: Kay draws his neuralyzer. FLASH! Beatrice freezes, staring straight ahead
text: as if hypnotized. Kay takes Jay's glasses off and hands them back to him.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Ray Bans.
dialog: (pulling off Jay's
dialog: sunglasses)
dialog: Okay, Beatrice. There was no alien, and the
dialog: flash of light you saw in the sky wasn't a
text: UFO. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was
text: trapped in a thermal pocket and refracted
dialog: the light from Venus --
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Whoa! That thing erases her memory, and you
dialog: give her a new one?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Standard issue neuralyzer.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And that's the best you can come up with?
speaker_heading: KAY
text: On a more personal note, Beatrice, Edgar
dialog: ran off with on old girlfriend. Go stay at
dialog: your mother's for a few days and get over
dialog: it. Decide you're better off.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (butting in)
dialog: Yeah, and you're better off 'cause he never
dialog: appreciated you anyway. In fact, you kicked
dialog: him out, and now that he's gone, you ought
dialog: to buy some new clothes, maybe hire a
dialog: decorator or something...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: KAY is in the hole where the ship landed, investigating. He holds a pocket
text: spectral analyzer over a section of scorched earth. The analyzer shifts
text: colors. Red. Then Yellow.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (from up outside the hole)
dialog: Hey. Kay...when am I gonna get one of those
dialog: memory things?
text: The spectral analyzer turns blue.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: When you're ready.
dialog: (re: analyzer)
dialog: Please -- not green.
text: Purple. And then green.
text: Kay closes his eyes and sits back, leaning against the dirt. Above him,
text: JAY leans over, staring down. Kay looks up at him.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know what alien life form leaves a
dialog: green spectral trail?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Wait -- don't tell me -- that was the
dialog: question on Final Jeopardy last night.
text: AT THE CAR, Kay snatches up the radio handset and keys the microphone.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (softly, into mic)
dialog: Zed, we have a bug.
text: He turns off the radio and sighs. Jay stands next to him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'm gonna jump way past you and just guess
dialog: that this is bad. Right?
speaker_heading: KAY
text: Bugs thrive on carnage, Tiger. They
dialog: consume, infest and destroy. They live off
dialog: the death and decay of other species.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: So basically you have a racial problem with
dialog: all insect-based life forms?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Listen, kid -- imagine a giant cockroach
dialog: five times smarter than Albert Einstein,
dialog: four times stronger than an ox, nine times
text: meaner than hell, strutting his stuff
text: around Manhattan Island in his brand new
dialog: Edgar suit. Does that sound like fun?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: With a bug in town? Watch the morgues.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LESHKO'S DINER - DAY
text: ROSENBERG, the jewelry store owner, steps out of a cab in the meat-packing
text: district, still carrying the ornate box and his beloved cat. He heads into
text: Leshko's, a Russian diner.
text: A moment later, the Orkin van pulls to a stop across the street.
scene_heading: INT. LESHKO'S DINER - DAY
text: ROSENBERG comes into the tiny restaurant, squinting in the relative
text: darkness. At a table in the middle, he sees a man eating alone -- an
text: enormous, dignified, yet profoundly strange-looking man in his mid
dialog: fifties.
text: Rosenberg walks carefully over to the table, but does not sit down. The
text: man (an ARQUILLIAN, and if we're eagle-eyed, we recognize him as the alien
text: on a "diplomatic mission" from passport control) rises from his chair. He
text: steps forward, to face Rosenberg, who sets the ornate box on the table.
text: Immediately, ROSENBERG'S CAT jumps on top of it.
text: Rosenberg and the Arquillian stare at each other for a long moment --
text: -- and then embrace each other. The embrace has an odd, formal quality to
text: it, like mafiosi coming to a sitdown. They hold on, long and hard, and
text: both seemed choked with emotion.
text: Finally, they break apart and take their seats. They speak in a bizarre
text: alien tongue, which is subtitled. Rosenberg wipes away tears.
speaker_heading: ROSENBERG
dialog: Sorry I'm late. The cab drivers on this
dialog: planet are terrible.
speaker_heading: ARQUILLIAN
dialog: Your majesty, you are in grave danger.
speaker_heading: ROSENBERG
dialog: Yeah, and they overcharge you every time.
speaker_heading: ARQUILLIAN
dialog: Sir, a bug landed here. We must get you off
dialog: the planet.
speaker_heading: ROSENBERG
dialog: A bug? He must know why I'm here.
speaker_heading: ARQUILLIAN
dialog: We think he does.
text: (noticing the ornate box
dialog: on the table)
dialog: Is that what I think it is?
speaker_heading: ROSENBERG
dialog: No, just some diamonds for your children.
dialog: Do we have time to eat?
text: The Arquillian relaxes.
speaker_heading: ARQUILLIAN
dialog: Sure. I ordered you some pirogi.
scene_heading: INT. LESHKO'S DINER - KITCHEN - DAY
text: In the kitchen, the Russian COOK slaps two orders of pirogi up on the
dialog: stainless steel counter --
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Table six is up!
text: -- and turns away, back to the grill.
text: A HAND reaches in, takes the plates, and sets them on a tray. We follow
text: the tray, but see only the right arm and aproned midsection of the waiter
text: carrying it. He carries the tray along the counter toward a pair of
text: swinging doors that lead out into the restaurant.
text: The doors swing in as another WAITER sweeps into the kitchen, and our
text: waiter heads out into the dining area. As the doors swing closed behind
text: him, they reveal storage shelves crammed with bags of rice, cans of stewed
dialog: tomatoes --
text: -- and a DEAD WAITER, literally folded in half and stuffed in among the
dialog: shelves.
scene_heading: INT. LESHKO'S DINER - DAY
text: ROSENBERG and the ARQUILLIAN raise their glasses in a toast.
speaker_heading: ARQUILLIAN
dialog: To the continued reign of the Arquillian
dialog: Empire.
speaker_heading: ROSENBERG
dialog: To the safety of the galaxy.
text: They CLINK glasses and drink, just as the Waiter arrives. Still, we see
text: only his arms and midsection as he sets the tray on a stand and lifts the
text: plates of pirogi. He carries them to the table and sets them down.
text: Rosenberg, setting his glass down next to the plate, catches a glimpse of
dialog: the Waiter's hand --
text: -- just as an enormous silverfish bug slithers out of the waiter's sleeve
text: and scurries across the table. The glass slips out of Rosenberg's hand,
text: dumping wine all over the table.
text: He looks up, slowly, and sees the Waiter's face.
text: It's EDGAR. Another half dozen insects of all variety tumble out of
text: Edgar's sleeves and scurry across the table. Rosenberg and the Arquillian
text: freeze, paralyzed with fear. They seem to know what dire implications
text: Edgar's presence holds.
speaker_heading: ROSENBERG
dialog: (in English again)
dialog: You can kill us both -- but you will not
dialog: find it.
text: Edgar smiles.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You're right about one thing.
text: Suddenly a long STINGER whips out from under the back of Edgar's apron and
text: zips under the table. First Rosenberg and then the Arquillian lurch
text: forward their chairs, their faces contorting in pain.
text: They both pitch forward, their faces slogging into fresh pirogi.
text: The stinger SNAPS out from under the table and whips back under Edgar's
text: apron. He moves quickly, searching their pockets, but he doesn't find what
text: he's looking for. The cat, still perched on top of the ornate box, HISSES
text: at him.
text: Edgar reaches out and BATS the cat away with one vicious swipe of his
text: hand. The animal HOWLS and flies across the room, landing in a WOMAN's
dialog: lunch.
text: The Woman SCREAMS. Now other DINERS' attention is drawn to Edgar's table,
text: where two obviously dead men are being robbed by a waiter. There are
text: SHOUTS of outrage, a few MEN rise out of their seats.
text: Edgar grabs the ornate box and tries to open it, but finds it locked. With
text: the furor rising around him, he shoves the box under one arm and bolts for
text: the door.
text: Rosenberg's cat leaps back onto the table and SNARLS at him as he goes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LESHKO'S DINER - DAY
text: Later, and the Russian diner is now a crime scene, clustered with COPS and
text: flashing lights. THREE BODIES, now on stretchers and covered with sheets,
text: are being loaded into the back of ambulances.
text: ROSENBERG'S CAT races out of a UNIFORMED COP's arms and leaps onto one of
text: the stretchers, MEOWING mournfully. The Uniformed Cop turns to a POLICE
text: INSPECTOR who is questioning the WOMAN from the diner.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: What am I supposed to do with the cat?
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: I don't know. Send it with the stiff. Let
dialog: family claim it.
text: The Cop nods and follows the stretcher with Rosenberg's body into the back
text: of one of the ambulances, allowing the cat to ride on the chest of its
dialog: dead owner for the time being.
text: The doors of the wagon SLAM shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The stretcher with the corpse on it is wheeled down a corridor in police
text: headquarters. ROSENBERG'S CAT, still on his chest, MEOWS curiously as the
text: stretcher approaches two doors with "City Morgue" written across them. The
text: words split in half as the stretcher BANGS through the doors.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: The city morgue is a crowded, brightly-lit, tiled place with corpses
text: parked left and right. Busy day in the Apple. The Cop wheeling the
text: stretcher calls out to the CORONER, who's hunched over another body.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Where do you want contestant number three?
text: The coroner turns around. It's DR. LAUREL WEAVER, the woman who tried to
text: speak to Jay before. She sighs and waves a hand.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: By the wall, I guess.
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: What's with the cat?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Oh, the cat. There's a problem with the cat.
dialog: Sign here.
text: Laurel signs his clipboard.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: What's the problem with the cat?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Your problem.
text: Laurel gives him a dirty look, but he laughs and leaves. She goes over to
text: the stretcher and bends down, petting Rosenberg's cat gently.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Are you having a bad day, baby? Cheer up.
dialog: (of Rosenberg)
dialog: His is worse.
text: She sets the cat aside and wheels the stretcher under the lights.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: Okey-dokey. Shall we?
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - LATER - DAY
text: Laurel is hunched over the corpse, the only light in the room coming from
text: the overhead spot that illuminates her work.
text: Fascinated by something, she digs deeper. And deeper. And looks up, her
text: face a mixture of alarm and excitement.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Oh, my God.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MORGUE - NIGHT
text: Kay's LTD pulls up in front of the morgue.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Two men in black suits hurry down the stairs and into the corridor outside
text: the morgue. They hasten down the hallway, their shoes CLICKING in perfect
text: lockstep, headed for those swinging doors at the other end.
text: JAY and KAY. Men in Black on a mission.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - NIGHT
text: In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her head in her arms.
text: ROSENBERG'S CAT sits on the desk next to her, licking its paws. Suddenly,
text: the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently.
text: Laurel looks up and, following the cat's gaze, turns around slowly in her
text: chair. JAY and KAY stand in the doorway, staring at her. Kay steps
text: forward, holding out that black card again. It reforms into another kind
text: of official ID, this time it says "DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC HEALTH"
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: (into recorder)
dialog: ...approximately 112 degrees at time of
text: autopsy, indicating, quite impossibly, a
text: post-mortem increase in body temperature.
dialog: Examiner attempted to verify result
dialog: rectally, only to find subject was, uh,
dialog: without rectum. Which can only be described
dialog: as...well...as really...
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: Weird? Dr. Leo Menville, Department of
dialog: Public Health. This is Dr. White.
text: She looks up. Jay and Kay are standing there.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Yeah, well whoever you are, I'm afraid I'm
dialog: going to need to see some ID.
text: He hands her his CARTE NOIR, which changes to read "Dr. Menville,
text: Department of Public Health." She hands it back.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: (checking her watch)
dialog: You boys must not have much of a home life.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: We watch the morgues very carefully. You've
dialog: got something unusual?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I'd say so -- triple homicide.
text: She gets up and goes to the Arquillian's body, which is still out on a
text: table under the lights.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
text: The first corpse was perfectly normal,
dialog: except that he was broken in half, but when
dialog: I opened up the other two -- well, look.
text: She throws back a sheet, revealing (to them only, not us) the fully
text: dissected Arquillian. Kay raises an eyebrow; Jay nearly retches.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: There's a skeletal structure at work here
dialog: unlike anything I've ever seen.
text: Kay steps past her, going straight to the body. He begins to examine it.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'll have a look at this one. Dr. White,
dialog: why don't you and Dr. Weaver check out the
dialog: other body?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: This way, Doctor.
text: Jay and Laurel cross the room, to where ROSENBERG's corpse lies out on
text: another gurney.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: This one's even stranger. I did a full
dialog: laparotomy. I started with the lesser
dialog: curvature of the stomach -- though, if you
dialog: want, we could begin at the gastro-esophageal
dialog: junction.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I think, uh, we should start at the same
dialog: place you did.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: All right.
text: Jay hears a MEOW and looks down. Rosenberg's cat is rubbing up against his
dialog: leg.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Your cat?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Guess it is now. Came in with the bodies.
text: She SNAPS one of her rubber gloves and reaches down (out of frame),
text: sinking her hands into the body as she moves things aside. Just by the
text: look on Jay's face, one can imagine how disgusting it is.
text: Laurel digs in, up to her elbows. Jay winces. She pulls one bloody glove
text: out, to wipe a strand of hair out of her face. He looks at her --
text: -- and she winks at him. He's surprised. She laughs.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Dive right in. God knows he won't
dialog: mind.
text: Jay is reluctant, so she rolls her eyes and helps him, taking him by the
text: hand and guiding him into the thick of the corpse.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: You have very pretty eyes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Thank-you, but is this really the time to
dialog: uh -- you know, come on to me?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Hey, just walking the dog.
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Feel that? Where the piloric junction would
dialog: be?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh, yes. Exactly.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Now push that aside. Notice anything
dialog: strange? Stomach? Liver? Lungs?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Nope. All fine.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Doctor, they're all missing.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Well, of course they are. What I'm pointing
dialog: out is that there are no pieces of them
text: left. So they're intact, wherever they are.
dialog: That we can be sure of.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Have we met before? I have the strangest
text: feeling of deja vu.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You know, I was just going to ask you the
dialog: same thing.
text: Laurel looks at him sideways, skeptical, but also intrigued. She whispers
text: to him. Confiding in him.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Okay. You wanna know what I really think?
dialog: (re: Kay)
dialog: But don't tell that guy. He looks like he's
text: already under enough stress.
dialog: (then)
dialog: This body is not really a body, but it's
dialog: actually some sort of transport unit for
dialog: something else altogether. The question is:
dialog: what?
text: Jay just looks at her intrigued.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: By the way, stop me if I'm freaking you out.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No, no...not at all.
text: After a particularly gross GUSHY sound, he looks away, toward her. She's
text: staring at him.
text: Laurel leans over and lowers her voice, just for him.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: You know what I like to do sometimes? When
dialog: it's really late?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (freaked out)
dialog: No...
text: From the other side of the room, Kay CLEARS HIS THROAT.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: He walks across the morgue to Kay, who is still examining the Arquillian.
text: But Jay never takes his eyes off Laurel.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (of Laurel)
dialog: Very interesting. Got a real Queen of the
dialog: Undead thing goin' on.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Of the body.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Great body.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: The dead body?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Not a clue.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: All right. Keep her occupied. Try not to
dialog: sound too dumb.
text: ACROSS THE MORGUE, Laurel is still examining Rosenberg, now bent down next
text: to his head, carefully studying his left ear. She notices something
text: strange, turns, and calls over her shoulder to Jay.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Dr. White.
text: Jay, in conversation with Kay, does not respond to what is not his name.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Dr. White.
dialog: (still louder)
dialog: Dr. White.
text: He still doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
scene_heading: DR. WHITE!
text: Kay nudges Jay.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You're up, Slugger.
text: Jay turns and races across the room to rejoin her.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Look at this.
text: Jay leans down. There is strange stitching around the base of Rosenberg's
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What is that?
text: He reaches out, touches the ear, then he actually turns it. With a soft
speaker_heading: CLICK --
text: -- it pulls away from the head. Like a latch.
text: Jay and Laurel look at each other, astonished. Jay pulls again, and
text: Rosenberg's entire face PUSHES OUT with a mechanical HUM, then HINGES
text: OPEN, the whole face rotating out away from the rest of the artificial
dialog: skull.
text: A TINY LITTLE GREEN MAN SITS INSIDE ROSENBERG'S HEAD.
text: Though not quite dead, the Tiny Little Green Man is gravely wounded. He
text: staggers up out of a small control room inside Rosenberg's head, with
text: gearshifts and viewing screens all around the inside of the skull.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Far -- freaking -- out.
text: They lean in closer. The Tiny Little Green Man (a BALTIAN) forces words
text: out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: BALTIAN
dialog: Must -- to pre -- prevent --
dialog: (searching for the word)
dialog: -- contest? No...to prevent --
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's all right -- What are you trying to
dialog: say? Struggle?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: War?
text: The Baltian nods vigorously. That's it.
speaker_heading: BALTIAN
dialog: (faltering)
dialog: Galaxy on -- or -- or -- Orion's --
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: What is word? Be...?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Bed? Belt? Orion's Belt?
text: The Baltian nods again, falls, and dies. Jay and Laurel look at the little
text: dead alien, then at each other.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: "To prevent war, the galaxy is on Orion's
dialog: Belt?" The hell does that mean?
dialog: (turns around)
dialog: Hey! Kay! I mean, Dr., uh, whatever, come
dialog: here!
text: Kay begins over. Laurel looks at them.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: "Doctor Whatever"? You're not with the
dialog: Department of Public Health, are you?
text: Jay shakes his head -- but is now paying more attention to Kay, as he
text: leads him toward the Little Man.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: He's dead.
text: Kay looks at the mess -- the body, the little dead man.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Rosenberg. Damn. Good man.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You knew him?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: One of the few I actually liked. Exiled
dialog: High Prince.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I was right -- this is an alien life form,
dialog: and you're from some government agency who
dialog: wants to keep it under wraps...
text: Kay and Jay are not paying attention to Laurel.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: He said "to prevent war, the galaxy is on
dialog: Orion's Belt."
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: ... This make total sense. How else do you
dialog: explain New York? The other night I'm in a
dialog: cab, this guy...
text: FLASH! Without even looking at her, Kay whips out his neuralyzer and
text: blanks her out.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: He said there's a galaxy on Orion's Belt?
dialog: That makes no sense.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That's what he said.
dialog: (to the dazed Laurel)
dialog: Didn't he? Right after he --
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh, for Christ's sake, you did the flashy
dialog: thing already.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: (as if awakening)
dialog: Uh, hi, whoever you guys are, I'm afraid
dialog: I'm going to need to see some ID if you're
dialog: going to be in the morgue, okay?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Sure thing, sweetheart. Here you go.
text: FLASH! He neuralyzes her again. Jay slaps his hand.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Stop that --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (to Laurel, ignoring Jay)
dialog: Typical day, too much caffeine, get a life.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: -- that thing probably gives you brain
dialog: cancer!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Never hurt her before.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: "Never hurt her before"?! How many times
dialog: have you done the flashy thing to this poor
dialog: woman?!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (evasive)
dialog: Couple.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Aren't you worried about, you know, long
dialog: term damage?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (more evasive)
dialog: Little bit.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the hell happened to make you such a
dialog: callous son of a bitch?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I took this job.
text: He heads out. Jay follows.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey, you never flashed me with that thing,
dialog: did you?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Nah.
scene_heading: EXT. MORGUE - NIGHT
text: Jay and Kay exit the morgue and walk towards their car.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey, Kay, I really think I should be in
dialog: charge of the flashy memory thing
dialog: department.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Not while I'm around, Slim.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah, well you're a menace with that
dialog: thing...
text: An MIB containment vehicle pulls up, and four men dressed in black suits
dialog: get out.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (to an MIB Agent)
dialog: We've got two dead aliens in there, and a
dialog: deputy medical coroner in need of a new
dialog: memory.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK ALLEY - NIGHT
text: The Orkin van is parked in an alleyway somewhere downtown. From inside,
text: throaty WAILS of frustration can be heard. Two PASSERSBY hear the racket
text: and hesitate, wondering if they should get involved.
text: But an inhuman GROWL rattles the whole van and they wise up, hurrying on
dialog: their way.
scene_heading: INT. ORKIN VAN - NEW YORK ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Inside the van, the ornate rosewood box is now battered and scarred, its
text: various locks holding tight against EDGAR's repeated attempts to claw his
text: way into it. Crammed into the back of the van along with his spaceship,
text: Edgar wedges a screwdriver into the thin opening between the top and the
text: rest of the box and SMACKS it with his right fist. Nothing doing.
text: He BELLOWS in rage and hurls the box against the side of the van, where it
text: finally CRACKS a hinge. Edgar snaps it up, pries the rest of the hinge off
text: with the screwdriver, and wrenches the top off the box.
text: Inside, there are dozens of precious, glittering diamonds, which he
text: promptly tosses aside as worthless. But the rest of the box is empty.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: No. No, NO, NO, NOOOO!
text: He rips the box apart with his bare hands. There's nothing else there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MIB BUILDING - MAGIC HOUR
text: As lower Manhattan is waking up, Jay and Kay enter the building.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HEADQUARTERS - EARLY MORNING
text: Despite the early hour, the headquarters is going full-blast. The large
text: screen displays the familiar grouping of stars that is the CONSTELLATION
text: ORION.
text: Jay and Kay hurry in -- Kay peels off to one of the monitors; Jay heads
dialog: for Zed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Doesn't anybody believe in sleep around
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: The twins keep us on Alpha Centaurian time
dialog: -- a 37-hour day. Give it a few months --
dialog: you'll get used to it. Or you'll have a
dialog: psychotic episode.
text: He points up at the screen with a laser pencil.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Here's Orion; the brightest grouping of
text: stars in the northern sky...
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: and here's Orion's belt --
text: He indicates the three stars that make up the belt.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That's what the little guy was talking
dialog: about, "To prevent war, the galaxy's on
dialog: Orion's belt..."
speaker_heading: ZED
text: There are no galaxies on Orion's belt. The
dialog: belt is just these three stars; galaxies
text: are huge, made up of billions of stars.
dialog: (switches off the laser
dialog: pointer)
dialog: You heard wrong.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're attracted to me, aren't you?
text: Jay starts to cross over to ANOTHER MONITOR, where Kay is sitting alone,
text: tie loosened, slightly disheveled. On the screen, the word "SEARCHING"
text: blinks, encouraging patience. The image changes to a satellite view of
text: North America, which quickly zooms in on the Southwest.
text: On screen, the satellite view zooms down to Arizona, then a city, then a
text: neighborhood, then a block, then a back yard. The printout changes to
text: "SUBJECT ACQUIRED."
text: The image comes into sharp focus on one back yard in particular, where we
text: get a good look at a MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN.
scene_heading: SUBJECT: ELIZABETH ANN RESTON
scene_heading: PRESENT LOCATION: RESIDENCE
scene_heading: 553 FAIRFIELD AVE./TEMPE/AZ
text: Whoever Elizabeth Ann Reston is, she's lovely. She's setting a picnic
text: table in her back yard at the moment, unaware that she's being watched by
text: an eye in the sky -- just as Kay is unaware that Jay is standing behind
dialog: him.
text: Jay notices the monitor with the Middle-aged Woman on it. He looks at
text: Kay's expression, then back at the monitor.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Pretty lady...
text: Kay clicks off the picture of her. Jay drags a chair and sits down.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You were the guy with the flowers in the
dialog: photo, (the night the aliens arrived.)
dialog: (What, you were on your way to a dance or
dialog: something and you got lost? And she never
dialog: got those flowers, did she?]
text: Kay doesn't answer, just stares at the screen. Elizabeth looks up, as if
text: she knows she's being watched, but she's just looking at the sky,
dialog: wondering how many stars'll be out tonight.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
text: Grumpy Guy's story comes into focus. She
dialog: ever get married?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: No.
text: It's more than Kay can bear. He reaches out and flicks a switch. The
text: monitor goes blank, except for a data screen:
speaker_heading: SUBJECT LOST
text: Kay sits back in the chair and eats a potato chip morosely. Jay looks at
text: him: "Is this me in thirty years?" A moment goes by. Finally:
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well, it's better to have loved and lost
dialog: than never to have --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Try it.
speaker_heading: ZED (O.S.)
dialog: Kay.
text: Jay and Kay cross back toward the LAD (Landed Alien Display), where each
text: of the thousand or so Aliens who live on earth are represented by a
text: flickering LIGHT.
text: Some lights are starting to go out.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (quietly, with dread)
dialog: They're leaving.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: We've had twelve jumps in the last hour.
dialog: Redgick was just the beginning.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What do they know that we don't know?
text: Kay looks to his partner, then to the screen. Another light flickers out.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Why do rats desert the ship?
dialog: (to the twins)
dialog: Go to Lem Sat IV. Put up a forty-field view
dialog: of Manhattan.
text: ON THE SCREEN New York City is just a bright spot of light on the Eastern
dialog: coast of the United States.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Four hundred.
text: Now there's a view of the earth from space. Nothing unusual.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Four thousand.
dialog: Now we're looking at earth from far, far away -- and from here we can see
dialog: something that doesn't belong in this picture:
text: A BATTLE CRUISER far off to one side of the earth. The words "LEVEL FOUR"
text: flash in red letters on one side of the map.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
text: That's an Arquillian battle cruiser.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And we've got a dead Arquillian prince.
text: A COMMUNICATION STARTS COMING OVER THE SPEAKERS -- a sound like a cat and
text: mouse caught in a blender.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: Message coming in.
text: The communication continues.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Speak of the devil.
text: The communication continues.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: They sound pissed.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: (to the twins)
dialog: Translate that and step on it!
dialog: (to Kay)
text: Meanwhile get down to Rosenberg's store and
dialog: see what you can turn up.
text: Kay and Jay walk away.
speaker_heading: ZED (CONT'D)
dialog: And Kay -- take a lot of fire power.
text: IN THE EQUIPMENT LOCKER Kay pulls out the ENORMOUS, MANY-BARRELED HAND
text: GUN. A small, clear, canister sprouts from underneath it, malicious
text: swirling gases visible through its walls.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I like that.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Series four de-atomizer.
text: Kay pulls out another weapon, the TINIEST GUN WE'VE EVER SEEN.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. We call this the "Noisy Cricket."
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You get a series four de-atomizer and I get
dialog: a "Noisy Cricket?!"
dialog: (looks at the gun)
dialog: I'm afraid I'm going to break it.
text: Jay follows Kay out, glancing back to see the huge gun turrets on the
text: Arquillian Battle Cruiser HUM and WHIR as they swing around into position,
text: pointed down at the unwitting planet below.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GEM AND JEWELRY STORE - DAY
text: SMASH! The window in the front door of Rosenberg's jewelry shop collapses
text: in a shower of glass. EDGAR reaches in and fumbles with the locks, undoing
text: them one by one. He gets them all and steps inside. Out the window behind
text: him, we can see his Orkin van, double parked in the street in front.
text: All the gems and jewels are under glass counters. Edgar starts SMASHING
text: the glass, grabbing great handfuls of jewels and tossing them aside.
text: Outside, a New York City tow truck pulls up to the front of the Orkin van
text: and starts to hitch up.
text: Edgar, in his rage, starts to smash anything breakable, even the framed
text: pictures on the walls. He stops at one particular picture, staring
text: intently at it. It's a glamor shot of Rosenberg's cat, provocatively posed
text: on a satin pillow. There are a half dozen more pictures of the cat, some
text: posed with Rosenberg, some by itself. This animal was important to
dialog: Rosenberg.
text: From outside, the ROAR of an engine distracts Edgar. He turns around, in
text: time to see the Orkin van lurch as the tow lifts its front wheels off the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: EXT. GEM AND JEWELRY STORE - DAY
text: EDGAR rushes outside as the tow truck DRIVER gets the van up on the hoist.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That's my truck!
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: And make sure you tell them that at the
dialog: impound.
text: Edgar reaches into the front seat of the van and pulls out his twelve
text: gauge. He points it at the tow truck Driver. The tow truck driver looks at
text: him with disdain, and pulling back his shirt reveals a mean-looking gun.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: I got worse.
text: He keeps hitching up the van. Two pedestrians walk past the dispute, very
text: fast, ignoring the debate, headed right for the shop. We go with them, and
dialog: realize that it's --
text: -- JAY and KAY. They stop at the smashed door of the jewelry shop and
text: exchange a glance. Kay pulls a very menacing-looking weapon, nods, and
text: they step inside.
scene_heading: INT. GEM AND JEWELRY STORE - DAY
text: They look around and see the recent demolition caused by Edgar. Jay
text: furrows his brow.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: Who robs a jewelry store and leaves the
dialog: jewels?
speaker_heading: KAY
text: Someone who's not looking for jewels.
text: Jay moves behind the counter. On the floor is an ornate, empty bowl and a
text: bag of cat food, next to a scrumptious pillow. There are several PHOTOS OF
text: A CAT on the wall.
text: There is also a pile of BEJEWELED CAT COLLARS. Jay picks up one of the
text: COLLARS, inspects it closely, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: This guy had a serious crush on his cat.
text: Jay's attention is broken by something through the window. Outside,
text: lumbering straight for the store, is EDGAR.
text: Jay thinks for a moment -- where does he know that face?
text: Suddenly, Edgar raises his arms, pointing both the farmer's rifle and the
text: driver's shotgun. Before Edgar can shoot, Jay YELLS...
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Kay! GET DOWN!
text: And then Jay FIRES, shattering the storefront window, and BLOWING UP A CAR
text: on the street. The blast hurls him up and back a good ten feet, SLAMMING
text: him into the wall with tremendous force. Edgar turns and rushes away down
text: the street as Jay picks himself up.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: The bug in the Edgar suit! The ugly redneck
dialog: from the picture! That's him!
text: Jay leaps through the broken storefront window and after Edgar.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (picking himself up)
dialog: Damn it.
text: Kay runs out after Jay.
scene_heading: EXT. GEM AND JEWELRY STORE - DAY
text: Edgar doesn't bother sticking around to continue his fight. He jumps
text: behind the wheel of the tow truck, starts it up, and hits the gas. The
text: engine ROARS.
text: Jay sprints after him, FIRING his noisy cricket. He is thrown back into
text: some pedestrians, while his SHOT...
text: Hits the rigging between the Orkin Van and the town truck, separating the
text: two. Jay pulls himself up and sprints after the tow truck, but it
text: accelerates too quickly.
text: Edgar is just about to turn the corner when Jay leaps onto a parked CAR to
text: try and get some height. As Jay prepares to shoot, EDGAR DISAPPEARS AROUND
text: THE CORNER, and a HUGH TRUCK backs into his line of fire.
text: JAY FIRES, the TRUCK EXPLODES and Jay flies BACKWARDS, hurtling through
text: the air and CRASHING through the window of a car, his rear end right in
text: the woman driver's face.
text: When Jay looks up, Kay is standing before him. He yanks Jay out of the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: We do not discharge our weapons in view of
dialog: the public.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Can we drop the cover-up bullshit?! There's
text: an Alien Battle Cruiser that's gonna blow-up
dialog: the world if we don't...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: There's always an Alien Battle Cruiser...or
dialog: a Korlian Death Ray, or...an intergalactic
dialog: plague about to wipe out life on this
dialog: planet, and the only thing that lets people
dialog: get on with their hopeful little lives is
dialog: that they don't know about it.
text: Kay gestures to a group of ONLOOKERS, drawn by the curious blasts from the
text: store. There's smoking rubble everywhere.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Don't worry about the bug. He's not leaving
dialog: town. We've got his ship.
text: After gesturing to the back of the Orkin van, where Edgar's spaceship is
text: neatly stowed, Kay pulls out his cell phone.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Zed, we're gonna need a containment crew
dialog: down here at McDougal, south of Houston.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Back at Men in Black Headquarters, the little lights on the world map
text: which indicate aliens' locations are going out, one by one, about one
text: every five or ten seconds. A WARNING BUZZER is sounding, over and over,
text: and HUMAN STAFFERS are rushing left and right.
text: ZED is in his office.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Containment may be a moot point, my friend.
text: The exodus continues. It's like the party's
text: over and the last one to leave gets stuck
dialog: with the check.
text: Zed looks down to the vast floor below and sees the four worm guys with
text: suitcases walking across the floor.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: You sorry little ingrates!
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: What about the Arquillians?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: We've only translated a part of the message
dialog: so far: "Deliver the Galaxy."
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: No, they don't want much, do they?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Oh, it gets better... They're holding us
dialog: responsible.
text: He looks up at the screen. It reads:
speaker_heading: MIB
scene_heading: DELIVER THE GALAXY.
speaker_heading: ZED
text: Another contestant has entered the ring.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET (OUTSIDE JEWELRY STORE)
text: As Kay puts away his phone, turns to Jay
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: All right, kid. The Arquillians want the
dialog: galaxy, whatever the hell that means. We
dialog: need help. A professional. Someone with
dialog: years of experience in intergalactic
dialog: politics. I just hope the little prick
dialog: hasn't skipped town.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UPTOWN NEWSSTAND - DAY
text: The tow truck SQUEALS to a halt at a curb. EDGAR gets out and walks away,
text: fast, CURSING under his breath. He rants, livid, thinking hard. As he
text: passes a newsstand, he grabs the NEWS VENDOR by the collar.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Where do you keep your dead?
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: I don't have any dead.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Where?!
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: I don't know, the city morgue!
text: Edgar shoves him away roughly. But before he leaves, his eye catches a
text: postcard display marked "LANDMARKS OF THE NEW YORK CITY AREA." Edgar
text: stares, fascinated, but we don't see what he's looking at. He reaches out
text: and picks up a color postcard.
text: He raises it to his face, thinking, then shoves it in his pocket and
text: hurries off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - KEY KIOSK - DAY
text: Kay's LTD SCREECHES to a halt in front of the kiosk on Orchard Street. JAY
text: and KAY leap out and Jay spots the VENDOR, closing up the shop. He's
text: wearing a dirty cardigan, watch cap, and fingerless gloves, his face
text: aquiver with ticks and mannerisms. He has a small dog in front of him.
text: Jay rolls his eyes as they step up to the counter.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Of course that guy's an alien. That's gotta
dialog: be the worst disguise I've ever seen.
text: A voice answers him, but not the Vendor's.
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: You don't like it, you can kiss my furry
dialog: little butt.
text: Jay looks down. The voice is coming from the dog. This is FRANK THE PUG.
text: Kay approaches, motioning to Jay to make sure no one hears.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You busy, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: Sorry, Kay, I can't talk right now, my
dialog: ride's leaving in --
text: Kay grabs Frank. He yelps like, well, a dog.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Call the pound. We got a stray.
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: Hey! Get your paws off me!
text: PASSERBYS glare at Kay, who appears to be seriously mistreating this poor
text: little dog. Jay tries to explain.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: The, uh...dog owes my friend some money.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Arquillians and bugs. What do you know?
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: I know nothing.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Not a thing?
text: Kay shakes Frank the Pug, trying to force an answer.
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: Stop it. Okay, okay. Rosenberg wasn't some
text: two-bit Arquillian. He was the guardian of
dialog: a galaxy. They thought he would be safe
dialog: here on earth.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: And the bug had other plans.
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: The galaxy is the best source for subatomic
dialog: energy in the universe. If the bugs get
text: their slimy claws on it, kiss the
text: Arquillians goodbye.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ask him about the belt.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Rosenberg said something about a galaxy on
text: "Orion's belt." What's he talking about,
dialog: Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: Beats me.
text: Kay shakes Frank the Pug once more.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to a person passing by)
text: They're rehearsing a ventriloquist act.
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: The galaxy is here.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: The galaxy is hundreds of millions of stars
dialog: and planets? How's it here?
text: If a dog can smirk, Frank does.
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
dialog: You humans, when're you gonna learn that
dialog: size doesn't matter? Just 'cause something's
dialog: important, doesn't mean it's not very, very
dialog: small.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: How small?
speaker_heading: FRANK THE PUG
text: Tiny. Like the size of a marble. Or a jewel.
dialog: Now if you'll excuse me, I need to be walked
dialog: before the flight.
text: Kay lets go of Frank, turns to Jay, who is lost in thought.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (to Frank the Pug)
dialog: Get out of here.
dialog: (then to Jay)
text: The galaxy's here. It's not on Orion's belt.
text: Jay suddenly notices Frank the Pug bark at a cat farther down the
dialog: sidewalk.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Kay...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: In the morgue, LAUREL is working at a desk when suddenly ROSENBERG'S CAT
text: leaps up onto it from nowhere, the way cats do, landing right in the
text: middle of the file she's studying.
text: Laurel jumps.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Boy, when you want attention --
text: She pets the cat. As she does, the cat's collar shines in the light.
text: Laurel turns the name tag to face her.
text: CLOSE ON A PRECIOUS JEWEL, AND THE WORD "ORION."
text: As it is written across the collar of the cat.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (O.S)
dialog: "Orion." That's a pretty name.
text: From out in the corridor, a bell rings -- DING, DING.
text: Laurel notices something dangling from the cat's collar -- a CIRCULAR ICON
text: of a strange and beautiful metal. The center is some sort of hardened,
text: translucent material, light green in color.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: What's this?
text: She peers into the jewel, and her face washes over with amazement.
scene_heading: INT. ICON - DAY
text: It's as if Laurel is sucked into another universe. Her face goes
text: beatifically blank as she sails through a massive starfield, millions of
text: stars, billions of green, verdant planets, all racing by her at the speed
text: of light.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Wow.
text: Outside, the bell DINGS again. Orion looks up, as if knowing who's out
text: there, and not liking it. She SNARLS at the door and leaps off the desk,
text: scurrying across the lab and disappearing under some equipment.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LTD - MANHATTAN - DAY
text: Jay and Kay barrel through town.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: So two galaxies have been fighting for
dialog: years. And the only people who've been
dialog: benefiting are a race of creatures called
text: bugs. Then the two galaxies decide to make
dialog: peace...and the bugs send this guy down to
dialog: make sure the fighting never stops.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: By killing the emissaries, and stealing the
dialog: galaxy they've been fighting about.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And if we don't get it back before he
dialog: leaves the planet...we're history.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: We're not even history. 'Cause history
dialog: implies there's someone around to remember
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: On a counter in the morgue corridor, a gray, peeling hand BANGS on a bell
text: on a countertop, over and over. The hand belongs to EDGAR, who is carrying
text: his shotgun, concealing it behind one leg. The morgue attendant, TONY,
text: emerges from a small security cage carrying a worn paperback copy of Atlas
text: Shrugged and a fly swatter.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Thank you for making sure the bell works.
text: Suddenly, quick as a gunfighter, Tony SNAPS the fly swatter down on a
text: BUZZING FLY. Edgar winces.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Edgar)
dialog: What's up, Farmer John?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
text: A man came in here earlier. A dead man.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And this means what to me?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: He was a very dear friend of mine. And I
dialog: believe he had an animal with him. A gift
dialog: I gave him, a pet cat that means worlds to
dialog: me. I would like it back.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'll need a picture ID, written proof of
dialog: ownership of the cat, or notarized proof of
dialog: kinship with --
text: WHACK! Tony flicks the fly swatter again, sending another bug to meet its
text: maker. Edgar grits his teeth.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: -- the deceased.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Don't -- do that.
text: WHACK! Still another fly goes down.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Do what?
text: Tony looks down, to where Edgar's hands rest on the counter. Half a dozen
text: cockroaches stream out of his sleeve.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit!
text: He ducks under the counter --
text: -- and comes up with a can of Raid. Edgar's eyes bug out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MORGUE - DAY
text: Kay's LTD pulls to a stop in front of the morgue and JAY and KAY jump out.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'll handle this one, you wait outside.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What the hell for?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Because all we have to do is walk in and
dialog: get a cat, it's not that hard. But if you
dialog: go in, you're gonna lay your Jack Webb on
dialog: her and flash your brain ray in her face
dialog: and she's gonna end up with leukemia or
dialog: some shit. The woman's a doctor, she
dialog: doesn't need you erasing half her med
dialog: school classes. Take me five minutes.
text: And he continues into the morgue, leaving Kay waiting outside.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Two minutes!
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: LAUREL SLAMS into a wall on one side of the morgue, thrown there by EDGAR.
text: He leans in, close, furious.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Where is the animal?!
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I told you, I don't know, it ran under some
dialog: equipment! Over there.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Get it!
text: He grabs her roughly and drags her across the morgue, toward the equipment
text: she pointed to. As they draw close, ORION the cat bolts from underneath
text: it, races between their legs, and leapfrogs over several small cabinets,
text: landing on top of a very tall one with only six inches clearance between
text: it and the ceiling. A very tough hiding place.
text: Edgar just starts to turn when they hear the BELL and a VOICE from the
text: corridor outside.
speaker_heading: JAY (O.S.)
dialog: Hello? Anybody here?
text: Edgar looks up at the cat's hiding place. No time to get it. The bell
text: DINGS again.
speaker_heading: JAY (O.S.)
dialog: Hello?
text: Roughly, Edgar pulls Laurel close and puts a finger to his lips --
dialog: "Shhhhhhh."
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: In the corridor, JAY looks around. No Tony, no answer to the bell. He
text: DINGS once more, then heads into the back.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: JAY comes into the morgue. LAUREL is in there, standing right up next to
text: an examination table, but there is no corpse on the table, just a sheet
text: draped over it. She just stands there, in the middle of the room, staring
dialog: at Jay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Uh, hi.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: (oddly)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (flashes a badge)
dialog: I'm Sergeant Friday, from the Twenty-Sixth
dialog: precinct. They brought a cat in here with a
dialog: corpse the other day, might have said
text: "Orion" on the cat's name tag?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Yes. That's right.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Right, well, the cat is, uh -- the cat's a
dialog: witness in a murder case and I'm going to
dialog: need to take it with me.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I don't know where the cat is at the moment.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You don't?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: No.
text: (lowers her voice to a
dialog: whisper)
dialog: Maybe you could take me with you instead.
text: Jay looks at her.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I said, maybe you could take me with you
dialog: instead.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Damn, you do start fast, don't you?
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I'd really like to go with you. Now.
text: Jay just looks at her, amazed at the power he seems to have over this
text: woman. He looks over his shoulder, to make sure he has a few more seconds
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And, uh, why exactly is that?
text: Laurel rolls her eyes. She seems irritated with him, but it doesn't go
text: with what she's saying.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I just do.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: KAY comes down the stairs and into the morgue corridor. He checks his
text: watch, then leans against the counter and pulls out a pack of cigarettes.
dialog: Waiting.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: Jay is thoroughly enjoying himself, but Laurel seems to be going crazy.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: I have something I need to show you.
text: She looks down, pointedly, in the direction of her waist.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Now slow down, you don't have to hit the
dialog: gas like that.
text: She leans in and lowers her voice.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: You don't understand. You really need to
dialog: see this.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And I will. But we gotta get something
dialog: straight here -- I'm gonna drive. It's not
dialog: some kind of macho trip, it's just the way
dialog: I'm used to doing things, okay?
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Kay pulls out a box of matches and strikes one on the side. He raises it
text: to his cigarette, but as it draws close, the match goes out with a sharp
speaker_heading: SIZZLE.
text: Kay furrows his brow. Odd.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: Laurel is at the end of her rope.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Look, Stud, I don't know how many more
dialog: times I'm going to get to tell you this.
dialog: There's something --
text: She points, sharply, at the examination table directly in front of her.
speaker_heading: LAUREL (CONT'D)
dialog: -- that you have to help me with.
text: Jay's smile vanishes and his jaw drops as he figures it out. He starts to
text: reach for his gun.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Kay raises another lit match to his cigarette, but as this one gets close,
text: a BIG GLOB OF GOO drops from the ceiling and onto the match, dousing the
dialog: flame.
text: Kay looks up, sharply.
text: Above him, TONY, the counter guy, is stuck to one high corner of the
text: ceiling by an enormous wad of viscous, dripping fluid. He's dead, a frozen
text: look of terror on his face and the can of Raid still clutched in his hand.
text: From inside the morgue, Laurel SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: Kay races into the morgue just as the examination table EXPLODES into the
text: air, revealing EDGAR, who was hiding beneath it.
text: Now everything happens at once. Jay leaps back and draws the Noisy
text: Cricket, Kay pulls out his series four deatomizer, and Edgar holds his
text: shotgun under Laurel's chin, using her body to shield his own.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Freeze it, Bug!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: CHRIST, are you THICK!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: How was I supposed to know!?!
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: What did I have to do, SING it for you!?!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Maybe if you didn't come on like a drunken
dialog: prom date!
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Oh, that's SO typical. Any time a woman
text: shows the slightest hint of sexual
dialog: independence, men just --
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Everybody shut UP!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Let her go, Shit Eater.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Listen, Monkey Boy, I may have to take that
dialog: kind of talk in my end of the universe, but
dialog: compared to you humans, I'm the top rung on
dialog: the evolutionary ladder, so can it, all
dialog: right?!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You're breakin' my heart. Move six inches
dialog: to your left and I'll solve all your
dialog: problems.
text: ORION the cat suddenly attacks, leaping off the top of the cabinet and
text: landing on Edgar, HISSING and scratching and clawing for all she's worth.
text: Edgar snaps an arm up and whips her off. The cat squirms in his arm, the
text: icon jangling. Edgar grabs the icon, holds onto it, and flings the cat
text: away, across the morgue. The icon comes free, remaining in his hand.
text: He drops it into his mouth and swallows. He shoves the gun hard against
text: Laurel's cheek.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That's better. Now put down your weapons.
dialog: We're leaving.
text: Kay freezes, teeth clenched, gun still in front of him. Standoff.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you ever pulled the wings off a fly?
text: Edgar cranks one of Laurel's arms behind her back, hard, and she CRIES OUT
dialog: in pain.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you care to see the fly get even?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: How far you think you'll get without your
dialog: ship? If that's what you call that hunk of
dialog: space crap we've got back at our office.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Put the weapons down!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Never gonna happen, Insect.
text: Edgar backs away with Laurel, further into the morgue, toward a glass
text: window that looks out at the base of an air shaft. Jay and Kay advance,
text: slowly, cornering him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's okay, Laurel!
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: HOW is it okay?!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I mean it's going to be okay!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Don't bet on it, meat sack.
text: And with that he turns, leaps --
text: -- and CRASHES right through the window, into the air shaft.
scene_heading: EXT. MORGUE (SIDE STREET) - DUSK
text: EDGAR, still clutching LAUREL, EXPLODES up over a railing.
text: Nobody looks twice as Edgar, dragging Laurel (with his arm over her
text: mouth), races toward the nearby busy Manhattan Street.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - AIR SHAFT - DUSK
text: Jay and Kay duck into the air shaft and look up -- too far to climb, and
text: the walls are smooth anyway.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Damn it!
text: They turn and run out of the morgue.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEARBY BUSY MANHATTAN STREET - DUSK
text: EDGAR, with LAUREL, RUNS right in front of a CAB, which screeches to a
text: halt inches from them. The CABBIE sticks his head out and YELLS something
text: in an unknown language. And KEEPS yelling as --
text: Edgar reaches through the passenger side and pulls the Cabbie out the door
dialog: (cigarette and wooden seat-beads and all).
text: The Cab Driver is still yelling as Edgar leaps in, pushing Laurel in
text: before him, leaving her behind the wheel.
text: He removes a POSTCARD -- the one he took from the display on the
dialog: newsstand.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Take me here.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: What???
text: Edgar just cranks the car into gear -- opening his mouth and swallowing
text: the icon -- and in so doing revealing a TRIPLE ROW OF SERRATED BUG-TEETH,
text: he SLAMS HIS FOOT on the gas pedal.
text: Laurel's head snaps back as the car rocks forward. She has no choice, but
text: to grab the wheel and start steering as --
text: The car screeches out into traffic, swerving wildly as Laurel is forced to
text: make a 90-degree turn. The car fishtails wildly, swiping an oncoming car
text: as it straightens and heads into the traffic.
text: The furious Cab Driver runs off after it, still yelling as he disappears
text: around the corner.
text: A second later, KAY and JAY rush out into the street. The cab is nowhere
text: to be seen. Jay runs into the street, noticing the wooden beads, the
text: ripped pine-scented green deodorizer, and the still-burning cigarette.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: They're in a cab.
text: And Jay starts running down the street, where DOZENS of cabs are waiting
text: at the intersection. He's running from cab to cab, pounding on windows,
dialog: scaring the living shit out of people --
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey! Laurel!? Hey!
text: -- but Laurel and Edgar are nowhere to be found. Up ahead the light turns
text: green and the tide of taxis wash away, leaving Jay on the street. He turns
text: as a car screeches up behind him, its headlights shining in his eyes. As
text: it gets closer, Jay sees it's Kay in the LTD.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Stop wasting time. He's not getting off the
text: planet in a cab.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Jay and Kay rush in from the door under the World's Fair mural, and head
text: toward the main display screen; all around them, the MIB staffers are in
text: frenetic activity in response to the threat from above.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (to tech at a desk)
dialog: Come with me. Put up a bio-net all the way
dialog: around Manhattan; if it's not human, it's
text: not leaving the island.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What've we got from our friends upstairs?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Same thing: "Deliver the galaxy."
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Yeah, well the bug's got the galaxy, but
dialog: we've got his ship. He's got to be looking
dialog: for a way out.
text: Just then, a loud ALARM wails.
text: AT THE MAIN VIEWING SCREEN, A GREEN LINE shoots out from the Arquillian
text: ship, striking a region of planet earth.
scene_heading: INT. MIB BUILDING - HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: -- headquarters, where every bell, whistle and light imaginable is going
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY SHOOTING AT US FOR?!
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Arquillian battle rules, kid. First we get
text: an ultimatum, then a warning shot, then we
dialog: have a galactic standard week to respond.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: A galactic standard week? How the hell long
dialog: is that?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: One hour.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: One hour?
text: Viewing the screen, it now reads:
speaker_heading: MIB
scene_heading: DELIVER THE GALAXY
text: OR THE EARTH WILL BE DESTROYED...
speaker_heading: SORRY
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: To keep the bugs from getting it, the
dialog: Arquillians will destroy the galaxy and
dialog: whatever planet it's on.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're talking about US!
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Sucks, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Pull up the locations of all land-based
text: interstellar vehicles.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: They're all gone. Frank the Pug took the
dialog: last ship on the planet.
text: As Kay and Zed watch as the machine scrolls through the data, Jay walks
text: back towards the center of the room, deep in thought. Over him we hear:
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Atlantic City?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Gone.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: That landfill on the Jersey Shore?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Gone.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Uh, gentlemen.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Epcot?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Gone.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Miami Beach?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Gone.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Fellas.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Hartford?
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: Gone, thank God.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey. Old guys.
text: Kay and Zed both look up at once, scowling.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do those still work?
text: They follow his gaze, up, over the computer terminals. There, on the wall
text: in front of them, where it has loomed for the entire movie, is the
text: enormous mural of the 1964 World's Fair grounds. Most prominent in the
text: mural are two tall towers that rise dramatically from the ground, topped
dialog: by --
text: -- the two flying saucers from the very first alien contact. As they stand
text: there, wide-eyed, staring at it, we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: -- the real-live twin towers on the actual fairgrounds in Flushing
text: Meadows. A taxi SCREECHES to a halt at the edge of a fence a hundred yards
text: away. EDGAR shoves LAUREL out through the driver's door and follows behind
text: her, still holding his weapon on her.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You're coming with me.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: What?! Why?!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: It's a long trip. I'll need a snack.
text: And he shoves her ahead of him, off in the direction of the space ships.
text: Behind him, abandoned on the front seat of the cab, we finally see the
text: front of the postcard he's been carrying around. "FLUSHING MEADOWS, SITE
text: OF THE 1964 WORLD'S FAIR," it says, with a distinctive photograph of the
text: spaceships.
dialog: So that's how he knew.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBUS CIRCLE - NIGHT
text: Nighttime now, and the city hums along, just another Thursday night. The
text: clock in Columbus Circle says it's 7:45.
scene_heading: EXT. SIXTH AVENUE - NIGHT
text: TVs in the window of an appliance store show a rerun of "Cheers." PEOPLE
dialog: laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: The news ticker in Times Square announces the latest shattering news:
scene_heading: RAIN LIKELY -- TEMPS DROP TO 60'S
text: EARTHLINGS pass left and right, blissfully unaware of their impending
dialog: doom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MIB BUILDING - NIGHT
text: KAY and JAY leap into Kay's LTD and SLAM the doors. Kay jams the key in
text: the ignition, the car ROARS to life, and he turns to Jay.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Whaddya say we bag us some bug?
text: He hits the gas and the car ROCKETS away from the curb.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: The LTD tears through the city.
scene_heading: INT. MIB LTD - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: Kay turns sharply to the right, SMACKING Jay around. Looking up ahead, he
text: sees the entrance to the midtown tunnel.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're taking the tunnel?!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You know a better way to Queens?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's usually jammed?!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: The LTD races through the tunnel at top speed. It's clear driving for a
text: few seconds, but then they round a bend --
text: -- and there's a traffic jam up ahead.
scene_heading: INT. MIB LTD - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: Kay approaches the line of cars at top speed, with no intention of slowing
text: down. Jay, terrified, holds on for dear life.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I told you!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Jay. The button?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah?!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Push the button, Jay.
text: A LIGHTED PANEL rotates into place between the two front seats, and that
text: red button flashes underneath its plastic shield again. Jay flips back the
text: plastic cover and JAMS his finger down on the red flashing button.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: And you may want to throw on a seat belt.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN TUNNEL - MIB LTD - NIGHT
text: As the LTD rockets toward the traffic jam up ahead, it begins to evolve,
text: its shape actually changing. The sides and back extend as some sort of
text: endoskeleton pushes the "normal" panels out. It becomes a larger, wirier
text: machine, held together by an elaborate series of mechanical muscles and
text: metallic tendons.
text: Kay's car hurtles toward certain death in the traffic jam, but at the last
text: possible moment it swerves off to the side, a SUCKING SOUND coming from
text: underneath it.
text: Instead of banging off the wall of the tunnel, the LTD actually clings to
text: it. It swerves up, onto the wall and hangs there, racing by the traffic
dialog: below.
text: It keeps going, turning all the way over and driving upside down, wheels
text: clinging to the roof of the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. MIB LTD - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: Jay falls from his seat with a CLUNK, onto the upside down ceiling of the
text: car. Balled up on the back of his neck, he peers out the window as they
text: tear through the tunnel, ZOOMING over the bottlenecked traffic underneath.
text: As they race through the tunnel, they have a minute to kill.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Mind if I smoke?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What?!?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: In the car, I mean.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don't care!!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Hey, just a common courtesy. It bothers
dialog: some people if you smoke in a car.
text: He lights a cigarette and blows the smoke out leisurely, one hand on the
text: wheel, just waiting out the tunnel. Jay gives up struggling to right
text: himself and closes his eyes, suffering through this.
scene_heading: EXT. MIB LTD - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: From outside the car, we watch it rocket along on the roof of the tunnel.
text: We can hear KAY'S VOICE as he goes on. And on.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Yeah, it's harder and harder to smoke
dialog: anywhere these days. Hell, I suppose I
dialog: should quit. I've tried. Never took,
dialog: though. I'm beginning to think I lack
dialog: self-control.
text: And they disappear out the other end of the tunnel --
scene_heading: INT. MIB LTD - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: -- and flip over, BANGING back down onto the road on the other side. Jay
text: falls off the ceiling and SLAMS into his seat.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Well, back to work.
text: He flips his cigarette out the window and cranks the wheel to the left.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN TUNNEL - TOLL BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Approaching a toll booth, the LTD shoots across nine lanes of traffic and
text: through the only open booth, SHATTERING the gate. Traveling at about two
text: hundred miles an hour, Kay nonchalantly flips a token out the window --
text: -- and it CHINKS in the basket as their taillights disappear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - LANDING TOWER - NIGHT
text: EDGAR climbs the outside of the landing tower of one of the space ships,
text: pushing LAUREL up ahead of him, headed for the saucer at the top.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Come on, let me go, you don't want to eat
dialog: me. I'm a very important person on my
text: planet. Like a queen. A goddess, even.
dialog: There are those who worship me, yes. I'm
dialog: not trying to impress you with this, I'm
dialog: just letting you know. It could start a
dialog: war.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Good. War means food for my family, all
dialog: seventy-eight million of them. That's a lot
dialog: of mouths to feed, your highness.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: You're a wonderful dad.
text: And with that she KICKS him squarely in the face. He reels, momentarily
text: losing his grip on her. She takes advantage of the moment and FLINGS
text: HERSELF out, into the air.
text: Edgar flails, but she is beyond his reach. She falls, tumbling through the
dialog: air --
text: -- and lands in the branches of a tree. She hits hard, the branches
text: rattling, and reaches out and hangs on for dear life, high above the
dialog: ground.
text: Above, Edgar just keeps climbing.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: Over at the fence, the LTD comes to a looooong, skidding stop at the
dialog: fairgrounds.
text: AT THE TRUNK, JAY and KAY flip open the trunk and scarf up whatever
text: weapons look most dangerous. Kay grabs a black box, UNSNAPS a row of
text: latches, and opens it, revealing --
dialog: -- the most wicked-looking shotgun on the planet.
text: Three feet long, triple-barreled, over and under and under, plus a pump
text: action reloader on top of a storage clip for a dozen more shells. The
text: shells themselves are solid, glistening like polished steel. Kay loads up
dialog: the clip.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You know how to work that?
text: Kay pumps it once, with extreme confidence.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: No idea whatsoever.
text: He SLAMS the trunk, revealing the flying saucers sitting atop their
text: columns in the distance.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's bag us some bug.
text: As if on cue, one of the saucers begins to HUM. Then it starts to spin,
text: faster and faster. The ship begins to rise.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh, shit.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - TREE - NIGHT
text: Laurel sits in her tree, watching with amazement.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEA STADIUM - NIGHT
text: At Shea Stadium, a Mets game is in progress. Behind the home plate side,
text: the flying saucer silently rises up in the night sky, plainly visible.
text: But at that very moment, the batter CRACKS into a fastball, hard. The
text: crowd rises to its feet, SHOUTING, staring out at center field, where the
text: ball is headed.
text: All eyes in the house are on the Mets' CENTER FIELDER, except for his
text: eyes, which are on the flying saucer behind home plate. His eyes widen,
dialog: his jaw drops --
text: -- and the catchable ball sails over his head, THUDDING into the wall
text: behind him. The crowd BOOS viciously.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: Kay raises the weapon he took from the trunk; looks over at Jay.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: Set it to pulsar level five, sub-sonic
dialog: implosion factor --
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KAY
text: Press the little green button, on three.
text: Jay raises his weapon; they press their green buttons.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: One...two...
text: They pull their triggers.
text: For a moment, nothing happens, as if it were a misfire. But then, there is
text: a VACUUM WHUMP, like all the air in the immediate area being sucked into a
text: space the size of a dime, and a tremendous shock wave rolls out from the
text: barrel of the guns.
text: Jay and Kay are sucked to the ground by the bizarre force, THUDDING to
text: their stomachs like magnets to a refrigerator.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: The shock waves wrinkle across the open space between them and the ship,
dialog: then it HITS the ship --
text: -- and it too is sucked back down. Hurtling back toward them.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUREL'S TREE - NIGHT
text: She flinches as the flying saucer shoots overhead.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: The saucer CRASHES through the Unisphere, an enormous steel globe, and
text: THUDS to the earth, CRASHING through brush, dirt and rock...
text: Jay and Kay come to their feet...
text: In front of them, the dust clears... Trees uprooted, stones and dirt
text: thrown everywhere...a dumpster has been cast to their left...
text: And the saucer is there, embedded in the earth, tipped off-kilter in a
text: mound of debris...
text: A hatch comes up...revealing Edgar, walking slowly toward them, with
dialog: contained fury.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You don't get it. I've won. It's over.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You are under arrest for violating number
dialog: 4-1-53 of the Tycho accord. Please hand
dialog: over any galaxy you might be carrying.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You milk-suckers! You don't matter! In a
dialog: few seconds you won't even be matter!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Move away from the vehicle and put your
dialog: hands on your head.
text: He pumps the gun for emphasis.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Put my hands on my head?
text: Edgar stares at him. Then flexes his arms, still encased in flesh. His
text: giant pincers RIP free of the rotting skin.
text: He extends both pincers to the sides, and, my God, his reach must be
text: twelve feet across.
text: Now the skin and clothes on Edgar's legs begins to CRACK and SHRED. They
text: BURST APART, revealing two hideous, doubled-over insect legs. The bug
text: raises himself aloft on his legs.
text: He sucks in a deep breath of air, and now the rest of the Edgar suit goes
text: the way of the arms and legs. The torso EXPLODES in great rendering of
text: cloth and skin, and finally
text: Edgar's head simply BURSTS apart, SPATTERING against the walls. Edgar now
text: reveals himself as he really is: a hairy, bug-like exoskeleton, a scaly
text: tail with a long stinger, a head like a cobra with elliptical eyes and a
text: small nose, and two horse-like feet with three toes each.
text: He raises his pincers in the air, resting them on his head. The GALAXY
text: hangs on a chain around his neck.
speaker_heading: BUG
dialog: Like this?
text: Kay and Jay pump their guns and aim at the Bug.
text: Suddenly the Bug SPITS. And a HUGE, SLIMY WAD OF GOO shoots from him and
text: engulfs both shotguns. The Bug snorts it back, tearing them from Jay and
text: Kay's grasp, then swallowing them.
text: Jay and Kay have only a second to react before --
text: The Bug SWIPES at them with the back of his clawed hand, like someone
text: brushing aside a gnat -- and SENDS THEM FLYING FIFTEEN FEET IN THE AIR.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUREL'S TREE - NIGHT
text: She flinches as she sees them hit the ground. She starts to climb the
dialog: tree.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: Jay and Kay hit the ground with loud grunts.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That did not go at all like I had planned.
text: They look up to see the Bug moving for the second tower -- and the second
text: flying saucer. Kay gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: This guy's really starting to bug me.
text: Kay starts walking after the Bug.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Whatever happens, Jay, don't let him get on
dialog: that ship.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Getting my gun back.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What!?
text: Kay steps forward and yells at the departing Bug.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Bug!
text: The Bug just keeps moving toward the ladder.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm talking to you, Bug! You know how many
dialog: of your kind I've swatted with a newspaper?
text: The Bug turns toward Kay. Kay steps up to him, the small human facing off
text: against the giant alien hug.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUREL'S TREE - NIGHT
text: She quietly makes it to the ground -- hurries off to the darkness of the
dialog: woods.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - ON KAY AND THE BUG - NIGHT
text: Kay has himself in the Bug's face, its dripping fangs inches from Kay's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You're just a smear on the sports page to
dialog: me, you slimy, gut-sucking, intestinal
dialog: parasite! Eat me!
text: The Bug reacts -- cranks open its massive jaws with a deafening HISS,
text: lunges forward, and sucks Kay into his mouth.
text: The Bug straightens up to its full height and throws his head back. Kay
text: slides down the Bug's throat, bending it sideways as he kicks and SCREAMS
text: his way down into its abdomen.
text: JAY looks on, in stunned horror...
text: AS THE BUG TURNS TO JAY AND STRETCHES TO ITS FULL HEIGHT and lets loose a
text: HIDEOUS SCREAMING HOWL OF TRIUMPH.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Laurel is still watching.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - ON JAY AND THE BUG - NIGHT
text: Jay watches as the Bug continues its HOWL OF TRIUMPH...He feels totally
dialog: defeated. But...
text: He can hardly believe his eyes as he looks down at the Bug's stomach...
text: CLOSE ON BUG'S STOMACH. Through the leathery pouch of the Bug's stomach,
text: we can just make out the distended outline of the two atomizers...and just
text: a few inches from it, a HUMAN HAND is reaching toward the gun... KAY!
scene_heading: INT. BUG - NIGHT
text: Kay, swimming in the Bug's intestinal fluid, tries to make his way to the
text: gun, Holding his breath. Eyes stinging.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: Jay knows what he has to do. He picks up a good-sized chunk of concrete
text: dislodged by the crashing saucer and hurls it at the Bug.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey! Come over here and try that!
text: The concrete THUNKS off the Bug's shell -- he doesn't seem to notice; just
text: keeps moving.
text: Jay picks up a twisted metal pole and runs at the Bug.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Stop right there, or I'll start wailing on
dialog: your waxy, pointed ass!
text: Jay starts pounding on the Bug with the metal pole.
scene_heading: INT. BUG - NIGHT
text: Kay almost has his fingers around the stock of the gun -- The POUNDING on
text: the outside distracts him and he turns -- the gun shifts away.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: The Bug grabs the metal pole and yanks it out of Jay's hands. He swings at
text: Jay -- Jay dodges the blow and falls to the grass.
text: The Bug slices down with razor-sharp claws at Jay --
text: -- Jay rolls out of the way, just as the mean-looking claws dig into the
dialog: grass.
text: Jay rolls right underneath the Bug's legs. His hand falls on something in
text: the grass -- another piece of debris, a sharp metal spike, gleaming like a
text: dagger. He grabs the metal spike and looks up at the Bug's apparently
text: vulnerable underbelly, right above him.
text: He grabs the spike with both hands and is about to thrust the spike up,
text: into the Bug's gut, when;
text: The Bug bends its head down between its legs.
text: BUG'S POV of Jay there, upside-down from this perspective, lurking between
text: the Bug's legs.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: The Bug opens its jaws and SNAPS at Jay -- who propels himself backward
dialog: out of harm's way.
text: The Bug starts climbing the tower. Jay howls in frustration.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What are you, afraid of me? Come on! Stand
dialog: and fight like an arthropod!
text: In frustration, Jay screams and throws himself on the Bug, hanging onto
text: its back, trying to drag it down.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You want a piece of this, huh?! Maybe
dialog: you're a badass in your hive, but this is
dialog: New York City. You're just another tourist
dialog: here!
text: The Bug flicks him off with his tail -- sending him SAILING twenty feet
text: through the air.
text: Jay CRASHES into the dumpster, landing on a heap in front of the garbage.
text: But, scratched and beat-up, Jay still doesn't quit -- he stands to yell at
text: the Bug, extending his arm at the creature.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're messing with the wrong species, Bug --
text: He notices something on his arm...a cockroach running down his sleeve. He
text: flicks it off...
text: Looks down at the ground...sees another roach...looks over to the dumpster
text: behind him...there are more of them...a whole mob, in fact...fifty or
text: sixty of the critters, climbing out of a rusted hole in the dumpster...
text: Jay has one last desperate idea...He kicks at the dumpster -- part of the
text: side is rusted paper thin and it kicks apart and crumbles to pieces.
text: TENS OF THOUSANDS OF ROACHES pouring forth from the dumpster, crawling
text: like a black glittering river, away from the garbage...
text: Jay leaps to his feet and moves to the glistening mob of insects...
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey, Bug!
text: CLOSE ON JAY'S FOOT as he steps on the roach. CRUNCH.
text: ON THE BUG as he flinches on the ladder -- he hates that sound.
text: ON JAY. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: If I'm not mistaken, that was a cousin of
dialog: yours.
text: He knows he's getting to him. He steps toward the Bug -- moving his foot
text: over another roach.
text: CRUNCH! He crushes another one.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa! That had to hurt. And, what d'you
dialog: know, here's your old Uncle Bob!
text: He steps forward again -- CRUNCH!
text: ON THE BUG. He turns around, anger burning in his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BUG - NIGHT
text: Kay's hand reaches closer and closer to the gun...
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - ON JAY - NIGHT
text: Jay keeps moving toward the Bug, finding new roaches to tread on -- holds
text: his foot over another one.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What's that? Can you hear what he's saying?
dialog: 'Help me! Help me!'
text: CRUNCH. [ON] THE BUG as he starts climbing down the tower and moving
text: toward Jay.
text: ON JAY. They are moving toward each other in a show down -- Jay moves on,
text: poising his foot over another roach.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ooh! There's a pretty one. That one looks
dialog: kinda familiar, don't you think? I know who
dialog: that is!
text: The Bug is right over Jay now, jaws dripping ready to gobble him up.
speaker_heading: BUG
dialog: Don't do that!
text: Jay stares right back at the Bug. Inside, he sees Kay's hand, closing
text: around the trigger of the shotgun. He brings it around, pointing up,
text: straight at the Bug's head.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That's your Momma!
text: He moves to CRUNCH the roach -- The Bug moves to chomp Jay -- Jay stares
text: up at him, unflinching...
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Didn't she ever teach you not to bite off
dialog: more than you can chew?
dialog: and at that very moment...
text: Kay BLASTS a hole right in the middle of the Bug's midsection. The front
text: of the Bug's thorax EXPLODES in a shower of bug juice all over Jay.
text: The Bug flies into two pieces -- the butt end sailing one way; the head
text: flying behind Jay.
text: Kay falls out of the Bug, in a mess of goo, gasping for breath, dropping
text: the atomizer from his slippery fingers.
text: The other gun sails off into the darkness.
text: The ICON drops to the ground, rolls over to Jay's feet, and CLATTERS to
text: rest like a silver dollar on a barroom floor.
text: He calmly bends down and picks it up. Jay is pissed and starts in on Kay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You son of a --
text: Kay holds up a finger in a 'wait a minute' gesture -- pulls out his pocket
text: phone and hits a number.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Zed. Get a message to the Arquillians. We
dialog: have the galaxy.
scene_heading: INT. MIB HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Zed is standing at the console, a smile on his face. He glances over at
text: the console that displays alien arrivals and departures on the earth. The
text: red lights are coming back on.
speaker_heading: ZED
dialog: I think the word's already out. Our friends
dialog: are coming back.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Got an authorized landing at Times Square.
dialog: You and Jay check it out on the way back...
dialog: And pick me up one of those soft pretzels,
dialog: while you're at it. Extra salt. I feel like
dialog: celebrating.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD'S FAIR - NIGHT
text: Kay flips the phone closed.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You were saying?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Getting eaten!? That was your plan!?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Worked.
text: As they argue, behind them, unseen, THE FRONT HALF OF THE BUG RAISES
text: ITSELF UP on its forearms, eyes gleaming with hate, jaws dripping -- ready
text: to lower itself onto Kay and Jay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: After I got the shit beat out of me!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: And I almost got digested. It goes with the
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You coulda told me what you were doing.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: There wasn't time, sport!
text: HISSS! The Bug attacks, swinging its head down on them. They turn to see
text: it, and just before the jaws snap down on their heads...
text: BOOM! The Bug's head explodes into a million bits. Bug juice showers down
text: everywhere, bucketsful of goo drenching Kay and Jay even further.
text: They turn to see...
text: LAUREL standing behind the dead Bug, the other atomizer in her hands, the
text: barrel smoking, the weapon and Laurel dripping the Bug innards.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: Interesting job you guys got.
text: ON THE SKY. Bits of Bug juice still flying through the air.
scene_heading: INT. A CAR ON THE ADJOINING FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: The driver sees something tumbling toward the windshield. He winces.
text: -- AND THE BUG'S REMAINS SPLAT AGAINST THE WINDSHIELD.
text: The driver grimaces at the mess.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Damn bugs.
text: He reaches down and hits a button. Wiper fluid squirts onto the windshield
text: and the wipers spread the bug goo everywhere.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MIB BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Kay's LTD is parked outside Men in Black headquarters. LAUREL leans her
text: back against the car. We see JAY and KAY walking away in the distance.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Look, I know we got rules, but she did just
dialog: bust the Bug for us. And so maybe you
dialog: don't have to flashy thing her.
text: Kay pulls out the neuralyzer.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Who's she gonna tell, anyway? She only
text: hangs out with dead people.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Not her. Me.
dialog: (looking up at the sky)
dialog: They're beautiful, aren't they? The stars.
dialog: I never just look anymore and they're
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Kay, you're scaring your partner.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I haven't been training a partner -- I've
dialog: been training a replacement.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh no, I can't do this job by myself.
speaker_heading: LAUREL
dialog: (walking towards them)
dialog: Hey, guys, we're nowhere near my apartment.
dialog: We're not even on the right island.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Maybe you won't have to.
text: Kay starts dialing back the neuralyzer.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Days. Months. Years. Always face it
dialog: forwards.
text: He hands the neuralyzer to Jay. Taps his pocket. Indicates for him to put
text: his glasses on. Jay resists.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I've just been down the gullet of an
dialog: interstellar cockroach. That's one of a
dialog: hundred memories I don't want.
text: Jay takes the neuralyzer. Slips on his glasses.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: See you around, sport.
text: Jay raises the neuralyzer. With a brilliant FLASH, the screen turns white.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No, you won't.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSSTAND - DAY
text: CLOSE ON various tabloid headlines as a hand flicks through them. Here's
dialog: one:
dialog: Mets' Centerfielder Says:
text: "UFO MADE ME MISS HOME RUN BALL!"
dialog: And here's another one:
text: DETROIT HAS CAR THAT DEFIES GRAVITY!
dialog: Secret Tests in N.Y.'s Tunnel
dialog: And a third:
scene_heading: MAN AWAKENS FROM 30-YEAR COMA
dialog: Returns to Girl He Left Behind
text: A large photograph shows a smiling KAY, arm-in-arm with ELIZABETH RESTON,
text: his long-lost fiancee, in her back yard in Tempe, Arizona.
text: She holds a large bouquet of flowers, the same kind he brought but never
dialog: gave her thirty years ago.
text: JAY, who's reading the paper, smiles.
text: AT THE CURB, Jay hurries back to the LTD with the newspapers. ELLE,
text: (formerly Laurel), is waiting, leaning against the hood. Tailored black
text: suit. Black shoes. Short-cropped hair. The look never looked better.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Zed called. The High Consulate of Regent-9
dialog: emissary wants floor seats to the Knicks --
dialog: Bulls game.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'll talk to Dennis Rodman, it's his damn
dialog: planet.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Let's roll.
text: Both car doors SLAM, Jay drops it in gear, and the LTD BLASTS away from
dialog: the curb.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY BLOCK - DAY
text: The LTD is just one of many cars in a jam-packed Manhattan city block.
text: FROM UP IN THE CLOUDS
text: Manhattan itself is just part of a much larger urban and suburban sprawl.
scene_heading: FROM THE STRATOSPHERE
text: The east coast of the United States is just part of a much larger land
dialog: mass.
scene_heading: FROM THE EOSPHERE
text: North America is just a small portion of the planet Earth.
speaker_heading: FROM SPACE
dialog: Earth is just a tiny ball in our solar system.
text: FROM THE MIDDLE OF THE MILKY WAY
text: Our solar system is just a few blips of light in a vast star field.
scene_heading: FROM OUTSIDE OUR GALAXY
text: The Milky Way is just a creamy spiral amid innumerable other creamy
text: spirals.
text: FROM THE OUTER REACHES OF THE UNIVERSE
text: There seems to be an edge to what we see, a curved border that seems to
text: close in on things around the perimeters, until everything that exists
text: seems to be contained in one tiny ball --
text: -- which is actually a marble resting on a strange-looking patch of red
dialog: dirt.
text: An ALIEN HAND reaches down and flicks the marble, sending it skittering
text: and bouncing across the dirt, where it CLICKS into a dozen other big blue
dialog: balls just like it.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
