dialog: 
speaker_heading: METROPOLIS
dialog: by
dialog: Corey Mandell
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
text: Freezing wind shutters through the shadows. Relentless
text: darkness. No sign of life, save for --
text: The SOUND of determined footsteps.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH RISE APARTMENT BUILDING - LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: The doorman at his post flipping through a magazine, rap
text: music pounding from his radio.
text: Glass suddenly shatters as a gloved hand punches through
text: the window, reaching in, unlocking the front door.
text: Two men in dark suits blur inside. The doorman rushes to
dialog: stop them, only --
text: DEX, the taller of the two men, slams the barrel of his
text: gun into the doorman's throat.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: Life can be an illusion.
dialog: (low and deadly)
dialog: Sometimes we see what isn't there,
dialog: and sometimes we don't see what is
dialog: there.
text: The doorman, wide eyed with terror, nods his consent.
text: Dex removes the gun.
text: Doorman plants himself in the chair, eyes glued to his
text: magazine, making it clear he doesn't 'see' the men as they
dialog: stroll into --
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Old fashioned steel box struggling its way up the shaft.
text: Fluorescent yellow light stabbing through the grating.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENT LATER
text: Dex slaps a small plastic strip on an apartment door as
text: both men turn away, shielding their eyes.
text: A blinding flash of light as the door is blown apart.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: The men rush inside and straight into --
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Candles flicker on the dresser. A syringe on the bedside
text: table, next to a sleeping figure curled up under the
dialog: sheets.
text: Both men starting to pull guns, but --
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: This one's personal.
text: Dex's partner shrugs, holsters his weapon and steps back
text: through the doorway, watching as --
text: Dex spins and fires.
text: Not the traditional booming gunfire, but rather the
text: strange sound of electronic hissing as laser-fire rips the
dialog: person to shreds.
text: Dex finally stops firing and moves to the bed to verify
text: the kill, only on close inspection he sees it's not a
dialog: person.
text: He's just blown the hell out of a MANNEQUIN.
text: Dex smiles, blows out the candle and heads out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DUSK
text: A lone PRIEST lights the sacrament candles, the sound of
text: his breathing reverberating through the empty church.
text: He suddenly stops, snaps his head around --
text: A man in a wheelchair stares at him from the doorway.
text: The man is CHRISTOPH. Dark robes shroud his shriveled,
text: decaying body but his eyes still burn with life.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (raspy voice which
dialog: labors to be heard)
dialog: May I trouble you with a confession?
text: Even in the flickering half-light of the candles, the
text: Priest can see that Christoph is dying.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Never a trouble.
text: The large statue of Jesus over the alter staring down as
dialog: the Priest leads Christoph into --
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL BOOTH
text: Christoph's voice is weak, knowing each word could be the
dialog: last.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Forgive me Father, for I have
dialog: coveted.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: What have you coveted?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (anguished whisper)
dialog: Life.
text: A small smile of compassion escapes across the Priest's
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: God gave us all the need for life.
dialog: And when the end begins to near, we
dialog: all crave more time. No sin.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: But there's what I would do for more
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: What would you do --
text: A sharp hissing sound --
text: The laser burns through the confessional wall and straight
text: through the priest's chest.
text: Face frozen in a listening pose as the body crumples to
dialog: death.
text: Christoph slowly lowers his weapon with a look of genuine
text: contrition.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - HELL'S KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: It's the near future and the neighborhood is covered with
text: graffiti scrawled in machine code and billboards
text: projecting holographs advertising malt liquor and
dialog: pleasure-dipped cigarettes.
text: A slick-black JET COPTER drops silently from the sky.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Pieces of advanced computer technology lie scattered about
text: the large work table. A small kitchen and bedroom in the
dialog: back.
text: Speakers pour in one of Handel's aching melodies.
text: The music suddenly pierced by the shriek of a giant Bird
text: of Prey diving across the room.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: A tight knot of bodyguards disgorge from the copter.
text: Tense eyes sweeping the street, they finally give the all-
text: clear signal.
text: HALDEN, a charismatic bull of a man, emerges from the
text: copter. He moves with the confidence of someone who knows
dialog: he can't be touched.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The sound of Handel's concert mixes with the sound of
text: claws tearing apart flesh.
text: TANNER sits in the middle of the room. He is early
text: forties, athletic build, and a face that holds too many
dialog: memories.
text: His insomniac-stained eyes studying the Holographic Chess
text: Board as the knight mounted on the Bird of Prey slaughters
dialog: a pawn.
speaker_heading: DISEMBODIED VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Visitors.
text: Tanner snaps his attention to --
scene_heading: INT. WALL SIZE MONITOR
text: Halden and his men head toward the warehouse.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: Tanner's eyes harden at the sight of Halden. A long beat,
text: then he finally shakes his head in resigned disgust.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Permit entry.
text: The sound of dead bolts automatically sliding open.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: The bodyguards stand motionless in the corner, doing their
dialog: best to look like furniture.
text: Halden moves through the holographic chess board, his eyes
dialog: on Tanner.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: A legend fell tonight.
text: His stare now ripping into Tanner.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
text: The unrunnable maze. Impossible to
dialog: get through.
dialog: (thick smile)
dialog: Well, some kid just danced it like
dialog: it was some six bit video game.
text: Tanner doesn't blink. His voice matter-of-fact.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: He had keys.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Of course the legend would like to
dialog: think that. But no one has keys.
dialog: (fierce)
dialog: Your maze was run.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - MOMENT LATER
text: Halden and his men escort Tanner to the waiting copter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VACANT CITY STREET - THAT NIGHT
text: Christoph stands naked in the middle of the vacant street,
text: staring down at himself in reverent awe.
text: It is as if he's been reborn. His body no longer
text: decrepit, but rather pulsing with an almost inhuman
dialog: vitality.
text: He heads down the street, the walk becoming a run, then a
text: sprint, his head back, mouth open, tasting the wind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN SKY-LINE - CONTINUOUS
text: A jet-copter screams across the night sky, while inside --
scene_heading: INT. JET-COPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner studies the holographic image of the maze projected
text: in front of him:
text: A constantly shifting sea of lines swirling furiously in
dialog: random directions.
text: A small BLUE SQUARE rockets into the maze. Sound of
text: laughter as the square dodges, feints, spinning it's way
dialog: down into --
text: The center of the maze. A pattern so intricate it seems
text: to be a solid wall of light with no way through --
text: Only the square suddenly shoots up, twisting, somehow
text: finding the smallest of fissures and blurring through.
text: The square is gone. Only the laughter remains.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: He had fun ripping your maze, that's
dialog: good.
dialog: (tight smile)
dialog: Now that it's obsolete for security
dialog: purposes, maybe we can turn it into
text: an amusement ride.
text: Tanner silently snaps off the hologram as the jet-copter
dialog: banks sharply for a landing onto --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - ROOF
text: A towering black monolith which seems to burst straight up
text: through the heavens.
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE BUILDINGS - CONTINUOUS
text: Halden leads Tanner down the long hall.
text: Dex, who has traded his dark "assassin's" suit for a VSI
text: standard issue gray pin-stripe, stands waiting for them.
text: He keeps his eyes on Halden, as if Tanner wasn't even
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: We just tracked the runner to the
dialog: hotel district.
text: Halden nods as all three of them head into --
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM
text: Long rows of programming consoles manned by engineers
text: wearing wireless 'tele-com' headsets.
text: Dex directs Halden's attention to one of the high-def
text: monitors lining the walls. The monitor showing --
scene_heading: INT. SAVOY HOTEL ROOM
text: Rock music pounds the room as silver confetti drops from
text: the ceiling.
text: A KID, sixteen at most, watches excitedly from the bed as
text: the two Playmates, Barbie-Doll bodies, slow-dance a
dialog: striptease.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM
text: Dex finally acknowledges Tanner's presence.
speaker_heading: DEX
text: Still going through puberty and he
dialog: shreds your maze.
dialog: (hard)
dialog: That's gotta hurt.
text: Tanner remains silent. Eyes locked on the monitor as
text: Halden turns to EMMA, VSI's senior security engineer.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Get some internal police there.
dialog: Tell them to run a perimeter.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: But have them wait for me 'till they
text: move in on him.
text: Halden turns, shooting him a surprised look. But Tanner
text: ignores it as he heads for the door.
text: Dex goes to stop him, but something in Tanner's eyes makes
dialog: him think twice about it.
text: A frozen beat, then Halden snaps a silent command to Dex
dialog: to let Tanner go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INTERFACE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rows and rows of unconscious bodies strapped to interface
text: seats, the room looks like a warehouse full of people in
dialog: comas.
text: Tanner climbs into an interface seat as a TECHNICIAN
text: wheels up his medi-cart and starts preparing an IV.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Shouldn't be in that long.
text: The technician shrugs, returns the IV to his cart and
text: starts hooking Tanner to a bio-monitor.
text: Dex strides into the room, staring down at Tanner.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: Been a while since you've been
dialog: inside.
dialog: (off Tanner's
dialog: silence)
dialog: Going to look up old friends?
text: Tanner meets Dex's stare. A deadly exchange.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: (grins)
dialog: You know she asks about you all the
dialog: time --
text: Tanner plunges his finger into the CONNECT BOX, his eyes
text: thrusting back in his head, body going slack.
scene_heading: INT. THE NET - CONTINUOUS
text: Cool silent blackness of the void.
text: Eternal stretch of nothingness.
text: Then the blink of a light racing toward us.
text: Colors so intense you can feel their heat.
speaker_heading: DISEMBODIED VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Destination?
speaker_heading: TANNER'S DISEMBODIED VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hotel district.
text: The faintest sounds can be heard. Almost sounds like
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: DISEMBODIED VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Security clearance approved.
dialog: Welcome Tanner. Enjoy your stay.
text: Dropping down. Into the lights. Embraced by the colors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY
dialog: It's as if someone took the best parts of the world's
text: night spots and put them together in one neon-drenched
dialog: city.
dialog: Only this is the digital world.
dialog: Picture-perfect architecture. No pollution or decay. And
text: colors that are just a little bit more vibrant than the
dialog: real world.
text: Music pounds the air as crowds of people roam the streets,
text: exploring the countless pubs, casinos and night clubs.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - HOTEL DISTRICT - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner heads down a street lined with some of the world's
dialog: most famous hotels.
text: Unlike the partying people all around him, Tanner is all
text: business, staring straight ahead with laser-like
dialog: intensity.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SAVOY
text: A group of INTERNAL COPS wearing tele-com's and Night City
text: Police uniforms, stand huddled in the shadows across from
dialog: The Savoy.
text: The SERGEANT greets Tanner with a curt nod.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Corp must really want this guy to
dialog: have sent the legend himself.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Just didn't want you boys having all
dialog: the fun.
text: The sergeant gives the signal. The cops fan out.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - VIRTUAL HOTEL ROOM
text: The kid's still on the bed, sucking down a beer. One of
text: the Playmates leans over, lets him unhook her bra.
text: He smiles at her overly perfect body.
text: She bites her lip in staged ecstasy, tracing her fingers
text: down his chest, pulling at his belt as --
text: The door burst open. The cops and Tanner rush inside.
text: The kid flies off the bed.
text: A cop tries to grab him, only the kid grabs a chair and
text: SMASHES it hard into the cop's face, dropping him hard to
dialog: the floor --
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE BUILDING - INTERFACE ROOM
text: The cop's real body lies strapped to an interface seat,
text: twitching as the pain sears through his consciousness --
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The other cops ready to charge, but Tanner gets in front
text: of them, freezing the kid with a look.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Look, we're going to trace you.
text: The confetti still swirling through the room.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: So be smart about this --
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: -- You're the big man. Big fucking
dialog: cop.
text: He laughs as he makes an imaginary 'gun' with his fingers
dialog: and points it at Tanner --
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: No guns on the system. That's how
dialog: it's programmed, right?
dialog: (pulls the 'trigger')
dialog: So what are you going to do, huh big
dialog: cop? Can't shoot me.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Look, I know you didn't run it. You
dialog: had keys.
text: Kid shakes his head, full of bravado.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: That maze's nothing. I could run it
text: blind on a sixty-meg board.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: This is a waste of time. How about
dialog: a little encouragement?
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Everyone in the room watching the scene playing out in the
dialog: hotel.
speaker_heading: EMMA (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: Here's something which ought to help
dialog: him talk --
text: Her fingers race over the console.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - HOTEL ROOM
text: Tanner still has the kid pinned with his stare.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Fine, you ran it. That's felony
dialog: system fraud. Gets you thirty
dialog: years.
dialog: (lets that sink-in)
dialog: Or you tell us where you got the
text: keys and we start talking a deal.
text: Kid's eyes reveal he's thinking this one through, only --
text: A huge DOBERMAN explodes through the window.
text: Insane growl, deadly stare, rocketing for the Kid, who
text: freaks, throwing one of the Virtual Playmates into its
dialog: path --
text: Powerful claws rips through her, flinging her against the
text: wall. She lies there shredded, but for some reason, not
dialog: bleeding.
text: Kid throws himself out the window. Doberman flies after
text: him, with Tanner just a heartbeat behind.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SAVOY
text: The kid races down the crowded street with the Doberman
text: chasing after him.
speaker_heading: TANNER (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Lose the God-Damn dog!
text: A couple crosses the street, getting between the kid and
dialog: the dog --
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Emma slams in the commands --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREET
text: The Doberman about to tear through the couple, but
text: flickers, then disappears.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - CASINO - CONTINUOUS
text: Slightly featureless waiters and waitresses deliver
text: drinks. On stage, a young Billy Holiday belts out a
text: soulful blues tune.
text: The kid tears through the room.
scene_heading: EXT. CASINO - CONTINUOUS
text: The cops rush into the casino. But Tanner stays on the
text: street, racing around the side of the building.
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: The casino is now up on the monitor. Emma's eyes
text: following the kid.
speaker_heading: EMMA (INTO TELE-COM)
text: Grid eighteen. Heading for exit
dialog: six.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - CASINO
text: The cops charge across the casino, but unable to get to
text: the kid before he bolts out the exit --
scene_heading: EXT. CASINO - ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: The kid comes flying out into the alley. There's Tanner,
text: bearing down on him.
text: Kid takes off, running as fast as he can, turning the
dialog: corner to --
scene_heading: EXT. THE GATES
text: The sprawling structure where people enter and exit Night
dialog: City.
text: A crush of excited customers pushing past the HOSTESS who
text: welcomes them with programmed cheerfulness.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: And don't miss The Tivoli, with
text: fireworks every hour on the hour.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: And please remember to follow all
dialog: safety rules while --
text: The kid racing through the crowd with Tanner in hot
text: pursuit.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - STREET
text: Sound of rock music bouncing off the buildings.
text: The kid sprints out of the crowd and up and over a hill.
text: Tanner follows, finding himself in the midst of --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - CONCERT
text: A colored light show screaming down from the heavens.
text: The huge crowd of people gyrating to the music pounding
text: from the band on the river-front stage.
text: Tanner pushes into the frenzy as an USHER quickly steps up
text: to him.
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: (very politely)
dialog: I'm sorry sir, but there is a
dialog: premium charge for this event --
text: Tanner pulls his ACCESS CARD from his pocket and runs it
text: through the thin slot in the usher's torso. A beat,
dialog: before...
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: Access approved. Enjoy the concert,
dialog: Tanner.
text: The usher steps away as Tanner slices through the crowd,
text: eyes probing for the kid.
speaker_heading: TANNER (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: Where the hell is he?
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Emma is studying the monitor, trying to find the kid in
text: the churning sea of humanity --
speaker_heading: EMMA (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: I'm working on it.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - CONCERT
text: The band finishes the song. The audience yelling for more
text: as the light show suddenly snaps off --
text: Pitch blackness.
text: A new song. Even louder. Audience screaming along as
text: strobe lights rip through the night.
text: Tanner trying to focus in the quick bursts of
dialog: illumination.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S VOICE (FROM TELE-COM)
dialog: He's north-east of you. Heading to
dialog: Crimson street --
text: Tanner spins, cutting a path through the throng. Picking
text: up speed. But suddenly freezes --
text: A face. KATIE. Effortlessly attractive. The warmest of
text: smiles not quite able to hide the sadness.
text: Her expensively dressed male companion's arm wrapped
text: tightly around her waist as they watch the concert.
text: Tanner stares at her. Doing everything he can to hold it
dialog: in.
text: The lights strobing her face. Tanner struggles to pull
text: his eyes away. Only now she looks over. Sees him.
text: They stare at each other for a long tortured beat.
text: Katie turns to her companion, whispers something, then
text: hurries over to Tanner. Only he's no longer there.
text: Her eyes spinning through the crowd. Catches a glimpse of
text: Tanner as he disappears into the darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The kid breaks out of the concert crowd. Races up the
text: street and over a bridge to --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - RED LIGHT DISTRICT
text: Modeled after Amsterdam. Canal-lined streets brimming
text: with businesses catering to every and any erotic desire.
text: Kid comes running off the bridge and suddenly stops. A
text: pair of cops charging him. The kid turns, rushing into --
scene_heading: INT. DEVIL'S LAIR
dialog: Customers browse the ten stories worth of Virtual
text: Playmates enclosed in small glass cubicles.
text: The cops push through the crowd, racing after the kid.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Tanner sprints for the fire escape on the side of the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. DEVIL'S LAIR
text: The kid racing for an exit, but can't find one. The cops
text: almost to him, so he bolts straight for a cubicle --
text: Covering his face, he throws himself through the glass,
text: flying past the stunned Playmate and out the cubicle's
dialog: back door --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY
text: The kid charges up the stairs to the top floor and out
dialog: onto --
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF
text: The kid throws the door shut behind him as --
speaker_heading: TANNER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Time to be smart.
text: Kid spins. Tanner is right there.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Not too late to cut a deal.
dialog: (coaxing)
dialog: All you've got to do is tell me
dialog: where you got --
text: The kid backs away from Tanner, but quickly runs out of
text: roof, teetering on the edge of a ten story drop.
text: A frozen beat, then the kid looks up at Tanner with a
text: twisted grin.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (realizing)
speaker_heading: DON'T --
text: But the kid's already laughing as he lets himself fall
text: backward into the air.
text: Tanner dives after him, smashing face-first into the roof,
text: grabbing the kid's foot before it disappears over the
dialog: edge.
text: He reels the kid back onto the roof, slamming his stare
dialog: into him --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: This isn't one of those virtual
dialog: reality systems you're used to
dialog: playing on!
text: The kid shrugs, unfazed.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: This is hyper-reality. Full
dialog: Immersion.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Big deal --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- If you had come in through the
dialog: gates like you were supposed to,
dialog: you'd know.
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Full Immersion. You die on this
dialog: system, your consciousness dies.
text: The kid stares at Tanner as this sinks in. But he still
text: keeps up his tough guy look.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Why the hell do you care?
text: Tanner wipes the blood from his chin as he rips all traces
text: of compassion from his face, matching the kid's stare.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I don't. I just need you alive so
dialog: you can tell me where you got the
dialog: keys.
text: Tanner hurls the kid back into the arms of the waiting
dialog: cops.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Trace him.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Be my pleasure.
text: They drag the kid down the stairs, leaving Tanner alone on
text: the roof, sound of music swirling through the darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: An engineer studying his screen as location grids flash
dialog: by.
text: One of the grids suddenly freezes.
text: The engineer punches a command into his console, enlarging
text: the grid to show a cross-section of city streets.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner heads down the crowded street toward the flashing
dialog: lights of the --
scene_heading: EXT. CONCERT
text: Tanner stands on the outskirts of the concert, staring
text: into the area where he had seen Katie.
text: The strobe lights flashing across his face.
text: He finally forces himself to turn away from it, heading
text: alone down the street,
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Tanner.
text: Frozen beat. Katie steps from the shadows.
text: A long, tortured silence.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Least you could do is say hello.
text: He slowly looks at her. Working hard to keep it under
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Hello.
dialog: This isn't easy for either of them.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What brings you inside?
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Cleaning up a mess.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (small smile)
dialog: Some things never change, do they?
text: Sees the dried blood on his chin. Old reflexes taking
text: over, she puts a soothing hand on his face.
text: He stands rigid. Barely breathing. Forces himself to
dialog: turn away.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I've got to get back.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Tanner.
text: Her eyes plead into his. Takes everything he's got to
dialog: remain firm.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Sorry.
text: He heads down the street. She calls after him --
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You know I wanted to tell you, but
dialog: they wouldn't let me --
text: But he's already disappeared into the darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - BLUES BAR - A LITTLE LATER
text: The crowded joint watching as the late blues legend
text: 'Howling Wolf', lets lose on stage.
text: Tanner finds a spot at the bar and orders a drink, his
text: eyes still dark with memories.
text: The drink arrives. As Tanner picks it up, a drop of blood
text: falls from his chin, crimson spot smearing through the
text: amber liquid.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: It's good luck. Means your real.
text: Tanner looks next to him at --
text: GENA, sexy, chatty, sense of longing. She motions to the
dialog: employees.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: The programs don't bleed.
text: Tanner nods, waits a polite beat, then turns back around,
text: taking a hit of his drink, but she's still talking to him.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: Where you plugged-in from?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: I'm South Dakota.
text: She sips from her drink, eyes still on Tanner.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: That's what you gotta love about
dialog: this place. Drink whatever you
dialog: want, your real body doesn't gain an
dialog: once.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you wanna know what's a drag?
text: He drains his drink and motions for a refill.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: The weather.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Christoph stands outside, watching them through the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. BAR
text: Gena leans in toward Tanner.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: Always a warm summer night. Which
dialog: is a shame, because there's nothing
text: like making love in the rain.
dialog: (flirty)
dialog: Don't you agree?
text: He looks at her, not sure how to respond. She reads the
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: What's her name?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: The woman you're stuck on.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: There is no --
text: His tele-com buzzing, then Emma's voice in his ear.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S VOICE (FROM TELE-COM)
dialog: Nailed the trace. Kid's in Memphis.
text: Tanner talks into the tele-com.
speaker_heading: TANNER (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: Good, kick him out.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S VOICE (FROM TELE-COM)
dialog: You sure? We can handle collection.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Emma is watching Tanner and Gena on a monitor.
speaker_heading: EMMA (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: I mean, I don't want to interrupt
dialog: anything --
speaker_heading: TANNER'S VOICE (FROM TELE-COM)
dialog: -- You're not. Kick me out.
text: Emma shrugs, turns to the console.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - BAR
text: Tanner motions the bartender to refill Gena's drink,
dialog: tossing down credit to cover it.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Take care.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: Take care? Where the hell are you
dialog: going --
text: He flickers, then disappears into --
scene_heading: INT. THE NET - DARKNESS
text: The last thing Tanner sees is Gena's insulted face
text: blurring into the swerve of lights bending into each other
dialog: as --
text: Tanner is pulled out into the blackness of the net.
dialog: Eternal silence. Finally --
text: A shaft of light slices the darkness.
text: Eerie green glow, the echoing sound of an electronic
dialog: heartbeat.
text: Struggling to make out images. A line smearing up and
dialog: down.
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - INTERFACE ROOM
text: Tanner blinking back to consciousness. The weaving line
text: is on the bio-monitor tracking his vitals.
text: A bored technician unplugs him from the monitor.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL TECHNICIAN
text: Just lay there a few minutes.
text: But Tanner forces himself to get up. His chin shows no
text: sign of the wound received in the digital world.
text: He looks around groggily at the sea of motionless people
text: plugged into the system. Place feels like a morgue.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Christoph moves straight for the now-empty seat next to
dialog: Gena.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAWN
text: First light streaks peacefully through the windows.
text: The place is sparsely furnished. Empty beer kegs are used
text: as chairs and textbooks lie scattered about.
text: The stillness is shattered as --
text: The front door explodes open --
text: Heavily armored MEMPHIS SWAT TEAM rushing in, along with
dialog: Dex and a couple of VSI security guys --
text: Weapons drawn, everybody's dead serious.
text: Tanner follows them in, watching as they rip through the
text: place, kicking in doors, searching everything, until
dialog: finally --
scene_heading: SWAT TEAM AGENT'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (from basement)
dialog: Down here!
text: Everyone rushes down into --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT
text: The kid lies unconscious on a cot, his fingers stuck in a
text: connect-box wired to an old laptop computer.
text: Swat team leader starts to pull the kid up off the cot,
text: but Dex's hand shoots out, stopping him --
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: Bad idea.
text: Dex whips a mini-cell phone from his pocket. Swat leader
text: turns a confused eye to Tanner.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Pull him off the system before he's
text: ejected and he goes brain dead.
speaker_heading: DEX (INTO MOBILE PHONE)
dialog: We got him. Kick him lose.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - HOLDING CELL - CONTINUOUS
text: The kid is sitting in the middle of a black cube. He
text: suddenly flickers, then disappears --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MEMPHIS HOUSE - BASEMENT
text: The kid's body twitches. Eyes fluttering open. First
text: impulse is to run, but as his focus sharpens --
text: A wall of laser guns trained on his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - BAR
text: Christoph settles into the seat next to Gena. He orders a
text: drink, then turns his attention to her.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Might I interest you in a question?
text: She turns, gives him the once over, then flashes him a
text: playful smile.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: As long as it's not 'what's your
dialog: sign?'
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: If you could meet God, what would
dialog: you say to him?
text: She stares at him. He's serious.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: That's a strange question. You a
dialog: strange man?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: There you are, sitting next to the
dialog: creator, what do you say?
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: (amazed laugh)
dialog: This is how you pick up women --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: -- No.
text: The intensity in his stare unsettles her. But something
text: about it keeps her from moving away. She looks at him,
text: shrugging.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: I'd probably say something like
dialog: why'd you let the world get so
dialog: fucked-up?
text: He nods, eyes aching with compassion.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Your life that bad?
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: No, not me, I've been lucky. But
dialog: I've seen what happens to other
dialog: people --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: -- If your life's so good up there
dialog: Gena, what are you doing down here?
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: How'd you know my name?
text: His drink arrives as he calmly meets her stare.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Do you believe in miracles?
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: I'm serious, how did you know my
dialog: name?
text: He smiles, dangerous charm.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (toasting)
dialog: To miracles.
text: She's still staring at him, not exactly sure what to make
text: of this guy, but intrigued enough to join him in the
dialog: toast.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN SKY - A LITTLE LATER
text: The storm has finally arrived. The jet-copter slashing
text: through the dark rain.
scene_heading: INT. JET-COPTER
text: Tanner is holed up in the back with the kid's laptop
text: computer. Programs racing down the screen.
text: He stops on a program, eyes blazing in vindication.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - THE TERRACE - CONTINUOUS
text: Flawless gothic architecture complete with Gargoyles
text: growing down from the roof.
text: The building is dark and seemingly empty save for the
text: outdoor glass elevator climbing up its side.
scene_heading: INT. OUTDOOR GLASS ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Gena and Christoph stand next to each other in the
text: elevator, staring down through the window at the fireworks
dialog: raining over --
scene_heading: EXT. THE TIVOLI
text: Night City's digital carnival.
text: A roller coaster with no track, cars rocketing through
text: thin air over a merry-go-around with real horses.
text: The carnival is surrounded by The Track, where people race
text: Ferrari's at full speed.
text: One of the cars loses control, hurtling toward the wall,
text: but freezes at the last second to allow the driver to
dialog: climb out
dialog: unhurt --
scene_heading: INT. OUTDOOR GLASS ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Gena turns, catching the flicker of almost child-like awe
text: in Christoph's eyes as he looks out over Night City.
text: She smiles, moving a little closer to him. The elevator
text: glides to a stop. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: You were right.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: (beat)
dialog: About what?
text: The doors open and he leads her out onto --
scene_heading: EXT. THE TERRACE - ROOF
text: A brass bed surrounded by unlit candles sits in the midst
text: of the elegantly designed roof garden.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: Making love in the rain.
text: She looks from the bed to him, confused.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: But it doesn't rain here --
text: The first raindrops beginning to fall as --
text: Sultry jazz music envelopes them. The candle wicks
text: crackle to life, flames dancing in the night.
text: Gena's stunned, shaking her head, insisting.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: It can't rain here. Not the way
dialog: it's programmed.
text: Her eyes dart out over the roof. It's not raining
text: anywhere else. Just here on the roof. Just on them.
text: She stares at him, fascination mixed with fear.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: Who are you?!
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Someone who believes in miracles.
text: He pulls her to him, warm rain caressing their bodies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTINUOUS
text: The jet-copter twists down through the rain for a landing.
scene_heading: INT. HALDEN'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Halden's office is on the top floor of the building,
text: windows offering up God's eye view of the storm battered
dialog: Manhattan.
text: Tanner marches in and before Halden can react, slams a
text: mini-disk into the wall player.
text: A matrix of data swirls down the wall monitor.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Recognize it?
text: Halden's silent. Tanner's stare digging into him.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Kid had keys.
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
text: The maze is unrunnable.
text: Halden is still silent, a sour eye on the monitor.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Doesn't make sense. How the hell
dialog: does some fucking teenager get to
dialog: the keys?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Sorry, I just design the maze.
dialog: (tight smile)
dialog: Keeping the keys secure is your job.
text: He turns for the door as the monitor buzzes, now
dialog: showing --
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The kid sits like a statue in his chair. He doesn't look
text: up as the VSI LAWYER enters and takes a seat across from
dialog: him.
text: The lawyer stares at the kid as if this could somehow make
text: him break down and confess. Finally...
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Care to tell us how you came into
dialog: possession of an illegal access
dialog: program?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Look, I'm doing mute 'till I have a
dialog: mouthpiece here who's on my side.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: You don't need a lawyer.
dialog: (holds up the disk)
dialog: We found the program on your laptop.
scene_heading: INT. HALDEN'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner has stopped in the doorway, his eyes on the
dialog: monitor --
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: The kid stares impassively at the lawyer.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Don't know what you're talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Of course you do.
dialog: (dead serious)
dialog: And the only shot you've got of
dialog: keeping your ass from sinking in a
dialog: sea of shit is to tell me where you
dialog: got this program.
text: The kid shakes his head, laughing.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: What's so funny?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: This. No point to it.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Because you'll never believe me.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Try me.
text: The kid slowly stops laughing, his voice seemingly
dialog: genuine.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: It was just there.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: There?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: My uni-net account. I log on. The
dialog: program's there.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Just like that?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Just like that --
scene_heading: INT. HALDEN'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Halden is still watching at the monitor, not noticing as
text: Tanner turns and silently slips out into --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: The voices playing from the monitor are just barely
text: audible as Tanner heads down the long hallway.
speaker_heading: LAWYER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Any idea how the program got there?
speaker_heading: KID'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: How the hell do I know? Maybe it
dialog: was a gift from God?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - THE TERRACE - ROOF
text: Rain streaming down on Christoph and Gena as they have
dialog: sex.
text: She studies him. His eyes are burning with intensity,
text: savoring each and every sensation.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: You don't have much sex up there in
dialog: the real world, do you?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: No...
text: Hard to tell if it's rain or tears which streak down his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: EXT. VSI BUILDING - ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner moves through the dark rain and into the waiting --
scene_heading: INT. JET-COPTER
text: Tanner climbs in, practically having to yell to be heard
text: over the storm.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Ninth and Hudson.
text: The PILOT punches it up on the nav-board. The location
text: popping-up on the grid.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Hell's Kitchen. Talk about your
dialog: shit holes. What's there?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: My home.
text: Takes the pilot a full beat to realize Tanner isn't
dialog: joking.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: (trying to cover)
text: Cheap rents. Close to the
dialog: waterfront. I hear the area's
text: making a comeback.
text: He quickly turns his attention to engaging the thrusters.
text: Tanner stares straight ahead, watching the rain slam into
text: the windshield.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - THE TERRACE - ROOF
text: It has stopped raining. Gena lies asleep on the bed. She
dialog: is alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JET-COPTER
text: Thrusters groaning to life. High-pitched whine, almost
text: sounding like laughter.
text: Tanner is watching the blasts of rain battering the
dialog: windows.
text: The jet-copter twisting up into the sky.
text: A rain drop zig-zags across the windshield, running into
text: another droplet, making one single, bigger drop racing
text: down the glass.
text: Tanner staring at the windshield. Suddenly realizing --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Land it.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Take me back down.
text: Pilot shrugs, floats the copter back down to the roof.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Tanner rushes through the control room to Emma.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I need playback on the kid's run.
text: She reads the urgency in his voice and pulls it up --
scene_heading: INT. ON THE HIGH-DEF MONITOR
text: A holographic image of the maze. The glowing blue square
text: racing through it, accompanied by the unmistakable sound
text: of laughter.
speaker_heading: TANNER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Freeze it.
dialog: (she does)
text: Now pull-up play-back of the kid's
dialog: interrogation.
text: A beat. The maze replaced by VSI'S interrogation room.
speaker_heading: KID (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Don't know what you're talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: LAWYER (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Of course you do. And the only shot
dialog: you've got of keeping your ass from
dialog: sinking in a sea of shit is to tell
dialog: me where you got this program.
text: The kid starts laughing.
speaker_heading: TANNER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Freeze it --
text: The lawyer and the kid suddenly motionless.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM
text: Tanner staring at the kid's frozen image on the monitor.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Can you isolate and voice-print the
dialog: last sixty audio-bits of both play-
dialog: backs?
text: Emma punches in the command.
text: The sound of the kid's laughing, playing alongside the
text: sound of laughter from the maze run.
text: Tanner staring at the voice prints on the audio-board.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Better get Halden down here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - STREET
text: Christoph hurries down the street, the sound of nearby
text: partying echoing all around him.
text: He turns the corner, finding himself in a --
scene_heading: EXT. DEAD-END ALLEY
text: A holographic map of Night City shimmers in front of him.
speaker_heading: DISEMBODIED FRIENDLY VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You are here.
text: (a red X glows on
dialog: the map)
dialog: To reach the club district simply
dialog: turn around and head east on Crimson
dialog: Street.
dialog: (dotted lines show
dialog: the path)
dialog: To reach the Mardi Gras, simply --
text: Christoph reaches through the holograph, sliding an access
text: card into an all but invisible slot in the wall.
text: The map disappears as the wall slides open. Christoph
text: heads through the opening --
scene_heading: INT. PITCH DARKNESS
text: Christoph's voice echoing through the blackness.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Lights.
text: The lights snap on, revealing Christoph standing at the
text: entrance of a long utility tunnel which snakes down under
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Halden, Dex, and Tanner watch as Emma plays back the maze
dialog: run.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: That's the runner's laugh.
text: Emma plays back the kid's interrogation. The kid
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: That's the kid's laugh.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We ran voice-print. It's not the
dialog: same person.
text: Everyone stares at him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - TUNNEL
text: Christoph sprints through the tunnel. It winds around
dialog: into --
scene_heading: INT. DIGITAL EMPLOYEE STORAGE CENTER
text: A large room full of reserve employees.
text: Motionless waiters, bartenders, playmates and bellhops
text: stacked along long racks, staring out into space with
text: empty eyes.
text: Christoph races through the room to the stairs in the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Halden still staring at Tanner, realizing --
speaker_heading: HALDEN
text: Two maze runners.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Someone sends the kid a copy of the
text: access program, then runs the maze
text: at the same time the kid does, using
dialog: the same codes.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Because that way, the system only
text: registers a single runner.
dialog: (beat)
text: We go after the kid, leaving the
dialog: other person free and clear to do
dialog: whatever the hell they want.
text: A long terrified beat for this to sink in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STAIRS
text: Christoph rushes down the stairs and into --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: A pair of GUARDS stand sentry in front of a large door.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Need to see your work orders, sir --
text: Christoph nods, slamming his fist into the guard's wind-
text: pipe with deadly force, then spins, snapping the second
text: guard's neck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE BUILDING - INTERFACE ROOM
text: The guard's flesh and blood bodies twitching, then fall
text: still as the bio-monitors tracking their brain activity
scene_heading: FLATLINES.
text: An ALARM pounding the room.
text: Medical technicians rush to the bodies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: A warning light erupting on a console. A stunned engineer
text: staring at his screen.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: (calls out)
text: Two Internals down right outside the
dialog: Nexus.
text: The room spins silent. Everyone staring at the monitor
text: which shows the two guards laying dead on the floor.
text: Halden snaps at Emma.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Pull up the Nexus --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Christoph punches numbers into the door's keypad. A
text: buzzing, then the door opens for him.
text: He pulls a HOODED MASK from his pocket, throwing it over
text: his head as he rushes inside --
scene_heading: INT. THE NEXUS CENTER
text: A large room dominated by a web of catwalks providing
dialog: access to the several stories worth of program panels
text: lining the walls.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Everyone staring at the monitor as the hooded intruder
text: races down a catwalk and opens a program panel.
text: Inside is a program keyboard and screen. The intruder
text: begins typing on the keyboard.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (stunned)
text: Jesus Christ, he's interfacing.
text: Tanner spins to Halden.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Eject the system!
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: (jumps in)
dialog: Are you crazy?!
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You don't have a choice, he's
dialog: interfacing with a core program --
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: -- Trying to interface.
text: Halden nods, siding with Dex.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: He won't get through the security
dialog: codes.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: (to Emma)
dialog: Get every cop who's in the area.
dialog: Tell them to rip this fucker out of
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Won't be time if he gets access --
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: -- He won't.
text: His tone clearly indicating end of discussion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER
text: Christoph, still wearing the hooded mask, whistles the
text: Lord's Hymn as his fingers dance across the keyboard.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Internal Police in position --
speaker_heading: HALDEN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: -- Send 'em in!
text: Several dozen Internal Cops rush in through the door --
text: Christoph's up above them on a catwalk --
text: The cops sprinting up the stairs after him --
text: Christoph typing as fast as he can, furiously trying to
dialog: break through the security codes --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Everyone's eyes glued to the monitors. Watching the cops
dialog: split into two groups.
text: Christoph's in the middle of a catwalk.
text: Cops charge him from either direction.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Christoph's fingers blurring over the keyboard --
text: The cops getting closer and closer --
text: Christoph typing as fast as he can --
text: The cops are just heartbeats away --
dialog: Nothing Christoph can do --
text: Suddenly stops typing --
text: Smallest flicker of a smile.
text: Spins to face one of the charging groups of cops.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (genuinely)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: LASER CANNON materializing in Christoph's hands --
text: The cop's face frozen in stunned terror.
text: Laser cannon erupts --
text: Blasts through the cops --
text: Sharp screams of pain as bodies drop --
text: Christoph spins. Fires on the other group --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - INTERFACE ROOM
text: The internal cops' real bodies lined up in their interface
dialog: seats.
text: One by one, down the line, twitching, like some grotesque
text: Rockettes show. Screen monitoring brain activity
dialog: flatlining --
text: ALARMS pounding the room.
text: Medical technicians rushing to bodies. But nothing can be
dialog: done.
text: The cops suffering full cerebellum arrest. Instant brain
dialog: death.
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Everyone watching the massacre in stunned horror. Tanner
text: the first to react, yelling at the engineer --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Eject the System!
text: Engineer turns to Halden.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Do it!
text: Engineer reaches for his command console.
text: Dex spins, flash of steel, laser hissing --
text: Burns a neat hole in the back of the engineer's head,
text: dropping him dead.
text: Halden whips around, staring at Dex, shocked.
text: The control room's security force pulling lasers on Dex,
text: but he ignores them as he fires into the eject console --
text: Sparks fly as metal disintegrates. Twisted remains of
text: circuitry.
text: Security guards open up fire, lasers carving up Dex's
dialog: body --
text: Dex dies, face frozen in a jeering smile.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER
text: Silence. None of the cops alive to scream.
text: Christoph's surrounded by twisted bodies, blood pooling at
text: his feet.
text: His eyes burning in genuine anguish.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Tanner spins to an engineer, motioning to Christoph's
text: image on the monitor.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Run a trace.
text: Engineer nods, begins the trace.
text: Tanner stares down at Dex's corpse, then up at Halden --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: He had access to the keys --
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: -- Yes.
text: Halden moves away, that's all he's going to say.
text: The engineer looks up at Tanner, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Guy's got one hell of a relay going.
text: He motions to the multiple grids popping-up on the screen.
text: Each grid showing a different location from around the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: We're going to have to search
dialog: through each possible grid to find
dialog: him. It's going to take a while.
text: Tanner studying the screen as if it were a chess board.
dialog: Long beat, before --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Grid fourteen.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: It's the most recursive. Take the
dialog: longest to search.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If he's smart, that's where he is.
text: Engineer shrugs, might as well try. Eliminates the rest
text: of the grids.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Let's hope he's smart.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER
text: Christoph turns back to the program panel and punches in
text: commands. He moves with the confident sense of someone
dialog: who has total control.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Halden stands over Emma, watching as she inspects the
text: smoking remains of the console.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: How long 'till we can eject?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: We're going to have to reconfigure.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: At least a day.
text: Not what Halden wanted to hear. For the first time, a
text: look of real panic in his eyes.
text: The engineer snaps his eyes up to Tanner, impressed.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: You called it. Dead center in the
dialog: grid.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: How far away?
text: The tracing matrix flashing a single-point coordinate.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Two hundred and sixty-one
dialog: kilometers.
text: Tanner and Halden exchange a look. Smallest flicker of
dialog: hope.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We can be there in fifteen minutes
text: and rip him off the system.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: EXT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - ROOF - MOMENTS LATER
text: Tanner and the assault team rush to the waiting jet-
text: copters.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER
text: Christoph has resumed humming the Lord's Hymn. His
text: fingers racing over the keyboard, causing --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: All hell to break lose. Alarms POUNDING the room.
text: Monitors going blank, engineers punching keys in futile
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: He's locked-it up!
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Completely sealed-off. No one gets
text: in and no one gets out.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
text: System's running on pure auxiliary.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: How long?
text: Emma's eyes spin down to a monitor.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Just over two million people
dialog: plugged-in.
dialog: (runs the
dialog: calculations)
dialog: System can run seven hours before it
dialog: crashes.
text: Slowly looks up at Halden.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Then everyone dies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JET-COPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: The copter clawing its way through the savage storm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER
text: Christoph strips off his mask and grabs a tele-com from a
text: fallen cop. He calmly turns to the monitor.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: Put on Halden.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Emma tries to hand her tele-com to Halden, but he's frozen
text: in place, eyes locked on the monitor.
text: Christoph, on the monitor, smiles at Halden.
text: Halden looks like he's staring at a ghost. Finally takes
dialog: Emma's tele-com.
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: This is Halden.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Halden, how nice to hear your voice.
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: I have found in life that what one
dialog: wants isn't nearly as important as
dialog: what one needs.
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: What do you need?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: I need to take back what's mine.
text: Halden stares at him, trying to keep his voice calm.
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: There are two million people in
dialog: there with you.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: They have nothing to do with this --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: -- Two million people lost in the
dialog: digital night. What do they seek?
text: Christoph waits for an answer. None is offered.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: Do they seek escape? The comfort of
dialog: eternal night? Or perhaps it's
dialog: more.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Unanswered sins. The taste of
dialog: death.
text: He turns to the keyboard, programming --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - SKY - CONTINUOUS
text: A small burst of fire falls from the corner of the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CLUB - ROOF
text: The flames drift down, searing straight through the
dialog: roof --
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CLUB - CONTINUOUS
text: The place is packed full of people. The fire swirling
text: down, looking like part of the light show.
scene_heading: INT. NEXUS CENTER
text: Christoph's watching the night club on his monitor. A
text: flicker of private torment in his eyes at what he knows is
dialog: coming.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CLUB - CONTINUOUS
text: The flames drift down onto a YOUNG WOMAN --
text: Dropping her to the dance floor, writhing in tortured
dialog: anguish.
text: She yells for help through the slowest of death as the
text: flames burn through her body.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO - TELEGRAPH HILL - CONTINUOUS
text: The San Francisco VSI public interface center sits perched
text: under the shadows of Coit Tower.
scene_heading: INT. SAN FRANCISCO INTERFACE CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Thousands of customers lie motionless in interface seats.
text: The soft glow of bio-monitors checking vital signs.
text: One of the monitors begins to buzz.
text: Several MEDICAL TECHNICIANS rush over, whipping a curtain
text: around the interface seat.
text: It's the young woman from the night club.
text: Her eyes thrust back in her head, body contorting in
text: searing pain. Then finally, mercifully, it's over.
text: Her body limp, bio-monitors showing her brain activity
text: flatlined.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NIGHT CLUB - CONTINUOUS
text: More fire cascades down through the roof.
text: The dancers screaming in panic, pushing and shoving to get
text: out of there but the doors lock, trapping them inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE BUILDING - CONTROL ROOM
text: Halden's watching on the monitor as the flames rain down.
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: (yells)
dialog: God-Damn you!
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (FROM MONITOR)
dialog: Yes, I believe he has --
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: -- You've made your point! You've
dialog: got control of the system.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER
text: Christoph nods, punching in commands for --
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NIGHT CLUB
text: The fire flickers, then disappears. No one else has to
dialog: die.
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM
text: Christoph turns back from the keyboard, looking out at
dialog: Halden.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: But instincts are so hard to over-
dialog: ride.
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: Yours will be to try and send
dialog: someone in to stop me.
text: Halden says nothing.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
text: The system's locked-up, so the only
text: way in is through the maze.
dialog: (stares at him)
dialog: Which is why I've changed it. Your
dialog: access program will no longer work.
text: He scoops up the laser cannon, aiming for a program panel.
text: Halden's mind spinning, trying one last tact.
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
text: System's running on auxiliary. Only
text: seven hours before it crashes.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: True.
speaker_heading: HALDEN (INTO TELE-COM)
dialog: You're in there. Everybody dies,
dialog: you go with them --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH (ON MONITOR)
dialog: -- But don't you remember?
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: I'm already dead.
text: He spins, laser cannon HISSING.
text: Destroys the program panel, causing the rest of the
text: control room's monitors to plunge into darkness.
text: Sudden, eerie silence as the corporation is now completely
text: cut off from Night City.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JET-COPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: The jet-copter shuddering through the storm. Lightning
text: slashing at the night.
text: Pilot's eyes on the nav-grid. Flashing red.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: (to Tanner)
text: We're right above him.
text: Search lights pounding the darkness. Glinting off some
text: large metal object. It looks like a steeple.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: The jet-copter drops through the tempest, landing in the
text: field across from the church.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: Powerful search lights screaming through the stained glass
text: windows, washing the church in an ethereal mosaic of
dialog: color.
text: The sounds of the storm crashing into the walls.
text: A flash of lightning revealing the doors and windows have
text: all been rigged with trip wire booby traps.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner leads the assault team as they rush across the
dialog: field.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: The doors crash open as Tanner and the men charge in.
text: The trip wires broken.
dialog: An explosion --
text: Of sound as organ music suddenly blares out.
text: Recording of a choir kicking in, heavenly voices blasting
dialog: from all directions.
text: The assault team standing rigid in place, staring up at --
text: Christoph hanging crucifixion style from the blood-
text: streaked cross.
text: He is dead, a wire running from his finger down to a
text: portable computer on the alter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - CONTINUOUS
text: Halden hurries down the hallway with Emma at his side.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Have communications contact all
dialog: interface centers. Tell them due to
dialog: high demand, we're at full capacity
dialog: and so temporarily there's no room
dialog: for anyone else on the system.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What about the customers with
dialog: reservations?
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Have the staff apologize profusely
dialog: and issue credit vouchers.
dialog: (adamant)
dialog: But remember, it's a capacity
dialog: problem. That's all.
text: Emma nods, understands.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: And send someone through the maze.
text: She stares at him, not sure she heard this right.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: The maze has been changed --
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: -- He says the maze has been changed.
dialog: I need to know for sure.
text: He turns the corner, disappearing out the door before she
dialog: can respond.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: The assault team takes Christoph's corpse off the cross
text: and lays him out on the alter.
scene_heading: ASSAULT TEAM LEADER
dialog: (stares at Tanner)
dialog: Thought you were just talking to
dialog: this guy?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We were.
scene_heading: ASSAULT TEAM LEADER
dialog: Yeah, well feel this fucker's skin.
dialog: Ice cold.
dialog: (trying to understand)
dialog: I guarantee you this sonofabitch's
dialog: been dead at least half a day.
text: A beat for this to sink in. Everybody staring at
text: Christoph's corpse like they were looking at the Devil.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER
text: Christoph punches a command into the keyboard. Bodies and
text: the blood disappear, leaving no sign of the killing.
text: Sound of clapping. Christoph whirls. It's Dex.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: Ah, the perks of paradise. So easy
dialog: to hide your guilt.
text: Both men stare at each other.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Remember, I'm not the one who chose
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: Yes, so which one of us does that
dialog: make the coward?
text: A deadly smile on Christoph's lips as he lets this one go.
text: He turns and heads down the catwalk.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: Where the hell are you going?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: Unfinished business.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: And what about the reconfiguration?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Perfect opportunity for you to
dialog: demonstrate your continued worth.
text: Christoph disappears down the stairs.
text: Dex leans over the railing, waiting until Christoph comes
text: out onto the ground floor, yelling to him --
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: You sure he's going to come?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (calls back)
dialog: It's his nature.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: But what if he doesn't --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: -- He will.
text: He heads out through the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - INTERFACE ROOM
text: Emma watches as an ENGINEER climbs into an interface seat.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You don't have to run the whole
dialog: thing. Just probe the first few
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Piece of cake.
text: He gives her a thumbs-up, no point in showing the fear.
text: Then sticks his finger into the connect-box.
scene_heading: INT. THE NET - CONTINUOUS
text: Blackness of the void.
text: A blink of a light. Colorless. Racing into the maze --
text: An explosion of color and shapes hurtling all around with
dialog: blurring speed --
text: The engineer navigates around the first corner, cutting a
text: safe path, the "keys" seeming to be working, only --
text: Suddenly everything shifting. Get the hell out of there.
text: Only behind him, the maze morphing --
text: Dizzying design of color. Breath-taking beauty. Closing
dialog: in on him. Nowhere to run --
text: Flash of bright light.
text: The sound of a tortured SCREAM.
text: Then nothing. Silence...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: The rain has started to slow.
text: The assault team's outside, smoking cigarettes,
text: bullshitting with each other, trying to forget what they
dialog: saw in there, as --
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner probes through Christoph's blood stained computer.
text: Stops on a program. Complex codes flashing down the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Voice activate.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE (FROM COMPUTER)
dialog: Activated.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Program name?
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Resurrection.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Describe program function.
text: A soft whir as the machine checks.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Resurrection.
text: Tanner stares at the codes, his face torn with revulsion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS
text: Dex stands alone in the middle of the Nexus.
text: He punches a command into the programming panel, causing
text: the small roll of fat to disappear from his gut.
text: He smiles in satisfaction, then throws in another command.
text: His hair thickening, flecks of gray evaporating.
dialog: He enters one last command. Last fifteen years of lines
text: melting from his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: The roar of a jet-copter fills the church.
text: Tanner snaps his eyes out a window. Halden and his men
text: pouring from the copter.
text: Tanner whips his attention back to the computer, talking
text: as fast as he can.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Transmit copy of program via
text: satellite north uplink.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Destination?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Tanner-eighteen-six-two-nine.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Checking connection.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANNER'S WAREHOUSE LOFT - CONTINUOUS
text: The place is dark and empty.
text: The storm crashing against the windows as the wall monitor
text: snaps on to the garbled sound of machines talking to each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner stares out the window, watching as Halden and
text: company rush toward the church.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Connection approved. Ready to
dialog: transmit --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- Transmit now!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TANNER'S WAREHOUSE LOFT - CONTINUOUS
text: The program codes racing down the monitor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: Halden and his men head straight for the alter, staring
text: down at Christoph's corpse in disgust.
text: Tanner's eyes burning into Halden.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You had no right!
text: Halden calmly turns to face him.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: You're jumping to conclusions.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: He's not plugged-into the system.
dialog: He's in the fucking system!
text: Halden doesn't argue.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Who the hell do you think you are --
text: Halden snaps a silent command for his men to clear out.
text: He waits until they're out the door before turning back to
dialog: Tanner.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: We caught him working on neural map
dialog: transfers. We dug through his
dialog: system. He was trying to transfer
text: genetic modules into data-molds.
dialog: His employment was instantly
dialog: terminated.
dialog: (seemingly genuine)
text: Corporate hands are clean.
text: Tanner's eyes dig into him.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Try harder.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Christoph had spinal cancer. His
dialog: body kept rejecting gene therapy.
dialog: He was desperate.
dialog: (insists)
dialog: It was him, it wasn't us --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- I saw the program.
text: This freezes Halden.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Corporate fingerprints all over it.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Of course they are.
dialog: (explains)
dialog: Christoph was stealing every piece
dialog: of code he could get his hands on.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: And you weren't involved.
text: It takes all of Tanner's energy to hold back the rage.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Because why the hell would you be
dialog: interested in a program that allows
dialog: people to live inside your machines?
dialog: (locks eyes with him)
dialog: I mean how much profit could there
dialog: possibly be from owning the universe
dialog: and selling space in it to people
dialog: who are dying, or people who are just
dialog: God-Damned sick of this world --
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: -- Come on, you know F.C.O. regs.
dialog: Anyone caught with their R and D
dialog: hand in the bio-digitization cookie
dialog: jar spends the rest of their life in
dialog: federal penitentiary.
dialog: (swears)
dialog: It's not worth it.
text: Tanner studies Halden for several long beats, then shakes
text: his head.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You're loosing your touch.
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: Used to be a hell of a lot harder to
dialog: know when you're lying.
text: He turns and heads for the door as --
speaker_heading: HALDEN
text: He sealed-off the system.
text: Tanner doesn't stop, almost near the door.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: The only way to eject it is from the
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: You've got the keys, send someone
dialog: in --
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: -- Christoph changed the maze.
text: This freezes Tanner.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: I need someone who can run it blind.
text: Search lights blare through the stained glass windows,
text: smearing Tanner's face in color.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Two million people in there, Tanner.
text: Tanner slowly turns around.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: And if the system crashes, they all
dialog: get to spend the rest of their lives
text: hooked-up to God-Damn coma machines.
text: Tanner stares at him. No choice. Halden smiles.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: One condition.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: The truth.
text: Halden studies Tanner. No negotiation. Halden's smile
text: fades.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - THE TERRACE - PENTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The penthouse apartment is completely barren except for a
text: beige couch.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH'S VOICE (O.S.)
text: Enlarge to one-hundred and seventy.
text: The couch increases in size.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH'S VOICE (O.S.)
text: Bump to one-hundred and eighty.
text: The couch gets a little bigger.
text: Christoph sits on the floor, studying the image of a couch
text: which flickers on the screen of the small rectangular
text: viewer he holds.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: Off-white pleats.
text: The pleats appear on the couch across from him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - A LITTLE LATER
text: Halden escorts Tanner down the corridor.
text: A small knot of GUARDS stand rigidly in front of an
text: office. Halden nods to them and they unlock the door,
text: stepping away.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTOPH'S OFFICE
text: Halden motions Tanner into Christoph's office.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
text: Exactly as Christoph left it.
text: The office is perfectly clean and organized.
text: A dialysis machine next to the desk. Several computers.
text: Wall size monitor.
text: Tanner looks through the desk. A couple of disks. Empty
text: morphine vials. A hypodermic. Not much else.
text: The work table dominated by a scaled model of a building.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: The Terrace. First building
dialog: Christoph ever programmed for us.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: A hotel?
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: It's not used for anything.
text: Tanner looks up at him for an explanation.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Christoph was a brilliant
text: programmer, but very eccentric.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He insisted it be kept vacant.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: He wouldn't say.
text: Tanner stares at him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE TERRACE - PENTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The apartment is now fully furnished in perfect Park
dialog: Avenue chic.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Christoph sits in an antique chair across from the large
text: canopy bed, staring in rapt fascination at --
scene_heading: INT. VIEWER SCREEN
text: Various unconnected images flash by in dream-like quality:
text: A young freckled-face boy being tucked into bed.
text: A rat-hole of an apartment, broken windows, and blood
text: stained walls.
text: Two teenage boys with baseball bats beat the shit out of a
text: young girl.
text: A sickly looking man taking a shower.
text: A black dress is pulled from a store rack, a hand turning
text: around the tag so the price can be seen. The dress is
dialog: quickly put back --
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Christoph looks up from the viewer, his eyes sliding to
dialog: the closet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI BUILDING - CHRISTOPH'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Halden watches as Tanner probes through Christoph's
dialog: computer files.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Christoph was in charge of designing
dialog: building modules.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Then what's with all the staffing
dialog: programs in his account?
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Good question.
text: Tanner looks up, but Halden isn't going to give him any
dialog: help on this one.
text: The computer screen flashing images of waiters,
text: waitresses, hosts, playmates, bell-boys.
text: Tanner staring at the pictures of digital employees
text: whipping across the screen, slowly realizing...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Modules.
text: He stares back up at Halden.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Takes you a long time to build a
text: staffing program from the bottom up.
text: Halden's not saying a damn word. Tanner looks disgusted
text: as he puts it together.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Be a hell of a lot easier to
dialog: digitize a real person, then strip
dialog: them down to a module you can use to
dialog: make as many employee programs as
dialog: you need.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Yes, in theory, I suppose that would
dialog: work.
text: But Tanner isn't interested in theory, his eyes tearing
text: into him.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Who did he digitize?
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Listen to yourself. Digitization.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You know that officially that's a
dialog: pure fantasy --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- Who did he digitize?!
text: A frozen beat, then Halden meets Tanner's stare.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Christoph had complete autonomy.
dialog: (seemingly genuine)
dialog: Because I didn't want to know.
text: He snaps off the computer, signaling the end of the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - THE TERRACE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The candle-opera has been placed on the dresser, bathing
text: the room in golden light.
text: Gena materializes on the bed. She is naked.
text: She looks around the room disorientated.
text: A long beat, then she climbs to her feet, moving
text: unsteadily across the hardwood floor. It is almost as if
text: she is drunk.
text: She freezes as she catches her reflection in the mirror.
text: She looks surprised that she is naked.
scene_heading: INT. WALK-IN CLOSET
text: The closet is full of clothes. She stares at them with a
text: puzzled expression, then pulls a dress off a hanger.
text: It is the black dress that was seen in the viewer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI HEADQUARTERS - HALLWAY
text: Emma stands in front of the interface room, waiting for
text: Tanner and Halden as they head down the hallway toward
dialog: her.
text: She holds up a mini-disk for Tanner to see.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: We're sending you in with a top-
dialog: level access card. It'll get you
dialog: into every program, including the
dialog: core.
text: Halden locks eyes with Tanner.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Obviously, not something Christoph
dialog: should get his hands on.
text: Tanner nods as they head inside --
scene_heading: INT. INTERFACE ROOM
text: Emma leads them across the room to an interface seat.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: We've rigged the card so it should
dialog: stay attached to you as you run the
dialog: maze.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So once you materialize inside, it
dialog: should be on the ground right next
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Good.
text: She loads the mini-disk into the interface seat.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: With the access card it should be
dialog: easy. All you've got to do is get
dialog: into the core program and hot-wire
text: the eject sequence.
dialog: (warns)
dialog: But be prepared, it'll be a hard
dialog: eject --
text: A technician wheels up his medi-cart.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: All the infrastructure gets dumped,
text: then everyone's ripped out into the
dialog: net.
text: Tanner nods, then turns his attention to the technician.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Adrenaline. 140 cc's.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL TECHNICIAN
dialog: (filling the syringe)
dialog: Man likes his juice.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: And once I'm through, bring me down
dialog: fast with Dexaline.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL TECHNICIAN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: If you get through...
text: Emma shoots him a hard look. Technician shrugs, calls it
text: as he sees it.
text: Tanner rolls up his sleeve as he climbs into the interface
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Let's do it --
text: The technician sticks the needle into Tanner's arm.
text: Only a beat before the adrenaline hits Tanner's system.
text: His body shaking, eyes rolling back in his head.
text: The technician eyes the bio-monitor, waiting until Tanner
text: is peaking before plunging Tanner's finger into the
dialog: connect-box.
scene_heading: INT. THE NET - BLACKNESS
text: Slice of color racing toward us. Hyper-fast.
text: Tanner hurtling toward it. Explosion of light. Blinding
dialog: intensity.
text: Tanner rips through the maze, navigating at dizzying speed
text: through the interlocking patterns.
text: Dodging and twisting through the blur of obstacles.
text: Under it all, a sound. Almost a voice. Female. Too
text: feint to hear. Calling out 'Tanner'.
text: Dropping down. Into the maze's heart. Lines slamming at
dialog: him. No way to beat it, only he's --
text: Spinning between the lines. Always changing. Too fast to
dialog: see. Making it down into --
text: The center of the maze.
text: An intricate pattern so dense it looks like a solid,
text: impenetrable wall of light --
text: The wall collapsing in on Tanner. No escape --
text: He rockets straight into it. Inevitable death --
text: Only he screams straight up, twisting, spinning, hurtling
text: through the tinniest of fractures and out the other side
dialog: into --
text: Nothingness. Empty blackness.
text: Then the muffled sound of breathing. Dull thud of a
text: heartbeat, followed by music. Louder and louder. A hard
dialog: driving samba.
text: A thick mist covering fluttering images.
text: There are people here. Too many of them. Screaming. A
text: hideous sound.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - MARDE GRAS SQUARE
text: Tanner materializing in the midst of the pulsing street
dialog: party.
text: Ornate costumes. Vivid colors. Crush of celebrants
text: gyrating to the music.
text: The ACCESS CARD materializes on the ground next to him.
text: Tanner picks up the card, his eyes blinking, fighting for
dialog: clarity.
text: But the adrenaline pounding his vision. Everything
text: distorted. Grotesque...
text: A face cuts through the chaos. Angelic beauty. Katie --
text: Tanner stares at her. She sees him, face breaking into a
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - PENTHOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Gena, wearing the black dress, stumbles out of the bedroom
text: and around the living room in growing confusion.
text: Christoph sits on the couch, calmly watching her.
text: She finally turns to him.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: It's all here...
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (proud)
dialog: Yes.
text: She shakes her head, stunned.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: But it's everything. Everything
dialog: I've seen. Everything I've
dialog: wanted...
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Only I know about all of this --
text: Her eyes suddenly frozen at the photos on the mantle.
dialog: They're her photos. Baby picture. High school
dialog: graduation. Wedding photo.
text: She is beginning to tremble.
text: The doorbell rings.
text: Several digital waiters and waitresses head out of the
text: kitchen, carrying silver trays of hor d'oeuvres and
dialog: champagne.
text: Christoph stands, kissing Gena on the cheek.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: The guests are here.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Guests?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Just like you always wanted.
text: A digital jazz band materializes in the corner.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Get out of South Dakota and move to
dialog: New York where you can throw
dialog: cocktail parties in your Park Avenue
dialog: apartment.
text: She's trying to process all of this, but it's too
text: overwhelming. The only words she can manage are --
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: But this is impossible.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: That's the grace of this world.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Nothing's impossible.
text: The doorbell rings again. He motions to her bare feet.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Better get some shoes on.
text: He turns to answer the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI BUILDING - INTERFACE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The medical technician's eyes are glued to the bio-
dialog: monitor.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL TECHNICIAN
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: He made it! Son-of-a-bitch actually
dialog: ran it!
text: Emma's eyes involuntarily flick down to her watch.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Just under five hours left before it
dialog: crashes.
text: Halden's face is impassive, revealing nothing.
text: The medical technician shoots Tanner up with dexaline.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - MARDE GRAS SQUARE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner is still fighting his way to Katie. She's
text: laughing, urging him on.
text: The dexaline starting to clear his consciousness.
text: He's finally able to focus. The street. Buildings. And
dialog: Katie. Only it's not Katie.
text: Just someone that looks a little like her. The woman
text: laughing with her companion.
text: Tanner stands frozen in the middle of the street. He
text: looks out of place. Haunted eyes in the midst of wild
dialog: celebration.
text: He quickly turns and heads out of the square.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE TERRACE - HALLWAY
text: About a dozen well-dressed GUESTS stand waiting outside.
text: They all hold invitations.
text: The door opens and Christoph greets them with a warm
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Please, come on in.
text: As they head into the apartment, the elevator arrives in
text: the hall, bringing more people.
text: Christoph ushers in this new group, then slips into the
dialog: elevator.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Gena still stands barefooted in the middle of the room.
text: The band starts up, pouring sultry jazz throughout the
dialog: room.
text: More and more people are filtering inside. Gena stands
text: there rigid, a sense of growing panic in her eyes.
text: She can feel people beginning to stare at her.
text: Someone pops open a champagne bottle. Sound of laughter.
text: More guests arrive. A man in the corner smiles at her,
text: beckoning her over.
text: She backs away from him, moving unsteadily through the
text: party and out the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE TERRACE - ROOF TOP GARDEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Gena remains asleep on the brass bed.
text: The sound of distant jazz music fills the air, waking her
dialog: up.
text: As her eyes open, she sees Christoph heading silently
text: toward her. He motions for her to close her eyes.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: It's okay, go back to sleep.
text: But something about his voice sets her on edge.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (soothing)
dialog: Nothing, go back to sleep.
text: But she sees the glint of steel in his hand. The laser he
text: has hidden down by his side.
text: She bolts upright --
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: What the hell's going on?!
text: He looks uncomfortable, this isn't a confrontation he was
dialog: expecting. Finally...
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: It's time to wake up.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: Wake up?!
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: From the dream.
text: She doesn't know what the hell he's talking about and she
text: doesn't want to know. She flies off the bed, only --
text: He moves with blurring speed, grabbing her, throwing her
text: back onto the bed. She's pleading now.
speaker_heading: GENA
dialog: Don't fucking do this. I've got a
dialog: son. I'm all he's got. So don't
dialog: you dare fucking do this --
text: Hissing of a laser.
text: Burns a hole right between her eyes.
text: A blood trickle smearing the mattress.
text: Christoph's face is a study in anguish.
text: The jazz music still bathing the roof. He whips around.
text: Gena stands across the roof staring at him. The digitized
text: Gena, the one who is barefooted and wearing the black
dialog: dress.
text: She is shaking, her face white as a ghost.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: It's all been transferred.
text: She doesn't understand. He moves to her, his voice
text: impassioned.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Genetic codes. Consciousness.
dialog: Unconsciousness. Every single
dialog: dream. Every kiss, real or
text: imagined. The shadows of her soul.
dialog: It's all in you.
text: She stares at him, her voice trembling.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: To live forever.
text: His face burns with compassion as he explains.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: People plug-into this world, but
dialog: remain linked to their flesh and
dialog: blood body. Such an encumbrance.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Even if their bodies are kept on
text: machines, nourished by IV's, the
dialog: laws of nature eventually will be
text: respected. The body grows old and
text: dies. Then they're gone from both
dialog: worlds.
text: Somewhere deep inside, she is beginning to understand.
text: But it brings her no comfort.
text: Christoph heads for the elevator, motioning for her to
text: follow. But she doesn't.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: She said I have a son...
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: No, she said she had a son.
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: In a dream she once called life.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: How come I can't remember?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Because I took it out of your
dialog: memory.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (spins on her)
dialog: -- Because there'll be no remorse.
dialog: Not in my world.
text: A private darkness in his eyes as he turns and disappears
text: into the elevator, leaving her alone on the roof.
text: The sound of partying echoing through the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREET
text: Tanner moves down the crowded street, passing --
scene_heading: EXT. THE GATES
text: A growing mob of angry people bottlenecked out front.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
text: The gates are temporarily closed for
dialog: routine maintenance. But they will
dialog: reopen soon --
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: -- Been saying that for an hour,
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: It won't be much longer.
dialog: (cheerful)
dialog: And we do appreciate your patience.
speaker_heading: DISTRAUGHT WOMAN
dialog: But I need to get back now. I've
dialog: got to pick my kids up from school!
text: The hostess keeps smiling, it's all she's programmed to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: To help make the short wait more
dialog: enjoyable, drinks are on the house
text: across the street at Dante's Tavern.
text: But there are no takers. Everyone keeping their place in
dialog: line as these people need to get home.
text: Tanner cuts through the crowd, his eyes burning with
dialog: determination.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - TIVOLI PARK
text: Tanner moves pass the carnival and is about to turn the
text: corner, but stops as he catches a glimpse of a familiar
dialog: building.
text: The Terrace is right across the street.
text: The building is dark except for the flashing lights from
text: the top floor.
text: Tanner stares up at the lights.
scene_heading: INT. THE TERRACE - LOBBY
text: The marbled lobby is like a museum. Priceless paintings
text: and tapestries fill the walls.
text: Tanner heads through the lobby and into --
scene_heading: INT. OUTDOOR GLASS ELEVATOR
text: He pushes the button for the penthouse.
text: The elevator glides effortlessly up the side of the
dialog: building.
text: The colored lights of Night City swirling through the
dialog: glass.
scene_heading: INT. THE TERRACE - PENTHOUSE
text: Tanner slowly steps inside. He's tensed, not really
dialog: knowing what to expect.
text: The party is in full-swing. Someone offers Tanner
text: champagne but he declines.
text: He looks around the room, his eyes stopping on the mantle.
text: He picks up one of the photos of Gena --
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: You looking for her?
text: Tanner looks up at the woman.
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: She went up.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Up?
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: (points)
text: To the roof.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TERRACE - ROOF
text: Tanner moves slowly across the roof, the candles throwing
text: flickering images across his face.
text: He stops at the brass bed. It is empty save for the blood
dialog: stain.
speaker_heading: GENA'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You work for them, don't you.
text: Tanner spins. The digital Gena sits in the corner. She
text: tries to force a smile.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: That would explain your little
text: disappearing act in the bar.
text: He takes a slow, cautious step toward her.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: What happened here --
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: -- He works for them too, doesn't
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: The sonofabitch who did this.
text: She pierces her arm with a broach pin. She doesn't bleed.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: (quiet shame)
dialog: I'm not real, am I?
text: He stares at her, doesn't know the answer to that one.
text: She meets his stare, terrified of the answer.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: And I can't go back, can I?
text: Tanner wishes he could lie. But can't.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: That's right.
text: She absorbs this in steely silence. Longest of beats.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: He failed.
text: She stares at him, trying to keep back the emotions.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
dialog: I'm making a sandwich. Just like my
text: mom would. It's raining outside.
dialog: The sandwich isn't for me. It's for
dialog: him. And that makes me feel
dialog: something.
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: No words for it. But I'll never
dialog: forget.
text: Her eyes are wet. Her voice coming out in a tortured
dialog: whisper.
speaker_heading: DIGITAL GENA
text: All the memories around him are
dialog: still there...
text: He watches her, tormented by the fact that he can't find
dialog: anything comforting to say.
text: She turns her eyes out into the night, giving him silent
dialog: permission to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TERRACE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The elevator deposits Tanner down on the street as the
text: Tivoli's fireworks show starts overhead.
text: Colored explosions raining down as Tanner disappears into
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: INT. DEAD-END ALLEY - A LITTLE LATER
text: Tanner heads into the alley. A holographic map of Night
text: City shimmers in front of him.
speaker_heading: DISEMBODIED FRIENDLY VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You are here.
text: (red X glows on the
dialog: map)
dialog: To reach the club district, simply
dialog: turn around and head --
text: Tanner reaches through the holograph, sliding his access
text: card into the slot on the wall.
text: The map disappears as the wall opens.
scene_heading: INT. DARKNESS
text: Tanner's voice calls out.
speaker_heading: TANNER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Lights.
text: The lights flicker on as Tanner races down the tunnel,
text: sprinting around the bend and into --
scene_heading: INT. DIGITAL EMPLOYEE STORAGE CENTER
text: The long rows of storage racks are empty, the reserve
text: employees no longer there.
text: Tanner stares uneasily at the barren racks as he makes his
text: way through the room and down the stairs into --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Tanner slides his access card into the door. It opens for
dialog: him, revealing --
scene_heading: INT. NEXUS CENTER
text: The place is buzzing with activity.
text: Dex supervises an army of digital employees as they move
text: across the catwalks rewiring the program panels with
dialog: cables.
text: Tanner silently slips into the room and up the --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS
text: Tanner makes his way up around the corner, suddenly coming
text: face to face with a WAITER --
text: Only unlike the usual polite cheerfulness programmed into
dialog: Night City's waiters, this guy has been given a hard,
text: glaring face.
text: The waiter pulls his laser --
text: Tanner hurls himself forward, knocking both of them to the
dialog: floor.
text: It's Tanner who manages to come up with the gun.
text: The waiter squeezing Tanner's throat with savage force as
text: Tanner fires, again and again.
text: The waiter twitching, then falling motionless. His body
text: sliced with holes but not bleeding.
text: Tanner pockets the gun and heads up the stairs --
scene_heading: INT. CATWALK
text: The catwalk is crawling with digital employees, all of
text: them armed.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS
text: Tanner takes a deep breath, then walks right out onto --
scene_heading: INT. CATWALK
text: Tanner walks briskly, eyes down on the steel grating,
text: assuming the attitude of someone who belongs there.
text: He opens a program panel, typing commands into the
dialog: keyboard.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE (FROM PROGRAM)
dialog: Food and service program sub-six.
dialog: Access codes required.
text: Tanner pulls out his access card and slides it into the
dialog: panel.
text: A clicking sound as data glitters across the screen.
text: Tanner steals a quick look around.
text: Dex is heading out onto the catwalk. He has his back
text: turned to Tanner and hasn't seen him yet.
text: Tanner spins back to the program, data still whipping
text: across the screen. Tanner silently urges it on, faster
dialog: and faster.
text: And finally it buzzes --
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Access granted.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Male or female?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Male.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Waiter, busboy, Maitre-De --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- Waiter.
text: Dex is now turning in Tanner's direction.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Standard, modern, upscale --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- Standard.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
text: Scanning body type.
text: Tanner turns to the wall, trying to keep his face hidden
text: as Dex approaches.
text: Long frozen beat.
text: Dex is almost right on top of him --
dialog: The program buzzes --
text: Tanner is now wearing a waiter's uniform.
text: Dex's hand slams down on the back of Tanner's shoulder --
text: Tanner tenses, hand reaching for his laser, only --
text: Dex twists Tanner's head so it's looking up at the open
dialog: program panel.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: Keep this one shut, we're not wiring
dialog: it.
text: Tanner nods, keeping his back turned to him.
text: Dex moves on, continuing with his inspection. Tanner
text: pulls the access card from the program and heads back to
dialog: the --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS
text: Tanner, still in a waiter's uniform, heads up to the --
scene_heading: INT. FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: He moves to another program panel and opens it, typing
text: into the keyboard.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Core program. Access codes
dialog: required.
text: Tanner starts to slide in the access card but freezes.
text: Still heartbeat. Tanner whirls to the side.
text: CHRISTOPH is a hair's breath away. Perfectly still. Calm
text: smile of someone who's been standing there a while.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: An honor. The legend visits.
text: Tanner's hand dives for his laser.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Mistake --
text: Tanner is fast. But Christoph's a blur. Beyond human
dialog: speed.
text: Snaps the laser from Tanner's hand and flings it
text: harmlessly down the catwalk.
text: Christoph turns, regarding Tanner with genuine respect.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Maker of the perfect maze.
dialog: Impossible to run. So many try,
dialog: none succeed. Yet, you're here.
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: You succeeded.
text: Tanner stares at him, trying to understand.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: The patterns were moved around, but
dialog: they weren't changed.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: True. But why?
text: He lets the question hang there, then takes a step toward
dialog: Tanner.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Halden sent men to kill me in my
dialog: sleep, but simple illusions won out.
dialog: (beat)
text: So he now sends the legend to finish
dialog: the deed.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Then what?
text: Tanner is silent. Christoph's eyes burn into him.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Eject the system?
text: Christoph steps even closer. Tanner can feel his breath.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: But what would happen to me? I have
text: no body to return to.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Not my problem.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: So wrong --
text: He moves so fast, impossible for Tanner to react.
text: Picks up Tanner and hurls him down the catwalk.
text: Tanner crashes hard into the steel grating. Searing pain
text: as he fights for a breath.
text: He sees his laser not that far away.
text: Tanner lunges, one fluid motion, grabs the laser, spins
dialog: and fires --
text: Only Christoph is no longer there.
text: Tanner's shot burning through a wall.
text: Christoph is now on the other side of Tanner. Foot
text: blurring down, pinning Tanner's gun hand to the ground.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: I will not die. Not again.
dialog: (intense)
dialog: One of the perks of divinity.
text: Tanner stares at him.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Divinity?
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You are not a God.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: In here I am.
text: No bravado in how he says it. Merely a statement of fact.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: God creates man, man creates
dialog: technology, technology creates God.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: End into beginning.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: In a computer program.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: The new world.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: It's not real.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Not real?
text: His foot suddenly smashing into Tanner's gut.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: The pain is real.
text: Rips a STEEL POLE from the railing and slams it into
dialog: Tanner.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: Deliciously real.
text: He pulls Tanner to his feet.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: And if I kill you?
text: Dangles Tanner over the railing. Hell of a drop.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Your body could live up there. But
dialog: on a machine. No mind. No dreams.
dialog: (hisses)
dialog: So tell me this isn't real.
text: Silence. Pain spasms through Tanner.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Enough.
text: A frozen beat. Then Christoph pulls Tanner back up to the
text: catwalk.
text: KATIE is there.
text: Tanner stares at her. She starts to say something but
text: Christoph stops her cold with a look, then turns to
dialog: Tanner.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Such a kind man, your employer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Allowing you to fall in love with a
dialog: program.
text: Katie can no longer look at Tanner, her eyes down on the
text: grating.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: But she wasn't a designed program.
dialog: Not this angel.
dialog: (reverently)
dialog: We digitized her from flesh and
dialog: blood.
text: His eyes flick from Katie to Tanner.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: I was going to tell you, but Halden
dialog: wouldn't allow it. His nature
dialog: demands no lose ends.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: So the flesh and blood Katie was
dialog: killed.
text: Tanner's face is a mask, revealing nothing. Christoph
text: locks eyes with him.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Yet she lives on in here, mind, body
dialog: and soul.
text: His stare now ripping into Tanner --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: So you of all people, should know
dialog: this world is just as real, if not
dialog: more than the nightmare you call
dialog: the real world.
dialog: (disgust)
dialog: People praying to Gods who don't
dialog: listen. Violence and decay. No
dialog: rhyme or reason. To be young and
dialog: told you are dying. Nothing can be
dialog: done. Promise of life gone. That
dialog: will never happen here.
text: Tanner meets his stare.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You were the one who was dying.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Yes...
text: Tanner's eyes burn with rage.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You sealed off the system. When it
dialog: crashes, everyone dies with you.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Yes, but only in the dream they call
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Dream?!
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: And all dreams, no matter how
dialog: appealing, must eventually end.
text: Tanner stares at him as if looking at insanity.
text: Christoph smiles, eerie calm as he turns to close the open
dialog: program panel.
text: Tanner dives with savage speed, grabbing the laser from
dialog: the ground.
text: The Nexus Center erupts with the SOUND of people pulling
dialog: guns --
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Tanner --
text: Hundreds of lasers being trained on Tanner --
text: Tanner grabs Christoph, using him as a shield, the laser
text: jammed into Christoph's back.
text: Only Christoph fades away. Just like that.
text: Tanner standing exposed on the catwalk.
text: The sound of lasers FIRING.
text: Tanner racing for cover.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR
text: Christoph materializes next to Dex, watching up above
dialog: as --
scene_heading: INT. FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Lasers carve the air around Tanner.
text: Hissing and popping as chunks of metal disintegrate.
text: Tanner dives across the catwalk, throwing himself down
dialog: into the relative safety of --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL
text: Tanner pulls his laser as he races down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR
text: Christoph grabs Dex's gun and calmly fires into a program
dialog: panel.
text: The panel sparks, circuitry destroyed, causing --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL
text: The stairs to flicker, then disappear. Tanner falling
dialog: through empty space --
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR
text: Tanner crashes hard to the ground with an explosion of
dialog: pain.
text: He comes up limping as laser fire slams all around him, He
text: hurls himself through the door and out into --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: He tries to run but his leg buckles, sending him sprawling
text: to the floor. He picks himself up, clawing his way up the
dialog: stairs --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Tanner is forcing himself to limp-run down the hallway,
text: pushing himself as fast as he can.
text: Behind him, he can hear the footsteps of Dex and the men
text: quickly gaining on him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE TERRACE - ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: The party has migrated to the roof.
text: The digital Gena stands silently in the corner, staring
text: out at the people. They all seem so happy.
text: She grabs a glass of wine from a passing waiter.
text: She moves out into the center of the roof, drinking the
text: wine and swaying to the jazz music.
text: Several of the single men trying to establish eye contact
dialog: with her.
text: She begins to smile. It's the kind of smile that could
dialog: turn to tears at any moment.
text: A dreamy look on her face as she walks across the party
text: and straight off the roof.
text: Falling through the night.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - SIDEWALK
text: Her bloodless body laying twisted on the ground.
text: The soft breeze tugging at her coat, opening it enough to
text: see the photo nestled against her chest.
text: It's a photo of Gena as a small child. The saddest of
dialog: smiles...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DEAD-END ALLEY
text: Tanner heads out through the alley and into the --
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: His eyes searching for a place to hide. Sees the dance
text: club across the street.
text: Tanner limps for the club as Dex and his men come
text: screaming out of the alley in hot pursuit.
scene_heading: INT. HADES DANCE CLUB
text: Strobe lights slash the darkness.
text: Swirling sea of people.
text: Loud, angry, music.
text: Hard to make out faces in the flashes of illumination.
text: Tanner tries to lose himself in the anonymity of the
dialog: crowd.
text: Christoph has joined Dex and the men as they slice through
text: the club, eyes darting back and forth.
text: Tanner angles for the rear exit.
text: A slam-dancer crashes into him, sending him sprawling to
dialog: the floor.
text: Christoph cutting across the club toward Tanner.
text: Tanner tries to stand but can't, his leg no longer able to
dialog: hold his weight.
text: He sees Christoph heading toward him.
text: Tanner trying to scramble out of the way.
text: Christoph's eyes are scanning the faces around him, and it
text: appears he doesn't see Tanner down on the floor.
text: The song ends, people stop dancing.
text: Tanner finds a table and holes up under it --
scene_heading: INT. UNDER THE TABLE
text: Tanner allows himself a deep breath.
text: A sudden EXPLOSION of sound.
text: Tanner spins, laser pointed.
text: But it's just the next song starting. Tanner exhales.
text: The table is no longer there.
text: Christoph has ripped it off the ground and flung it out
text: onto the dance floor.
text: Tanner swings the laser around.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Halden's little killer, who --
dialog: Tanner FIRES!
text: The shot slams through Christoph's face but does
dialog: absolutely no damage.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Can't kill a God.
text: Tanner fires again. And again.
text: The shots hit Christoph but don't hurt him.
text: Christoph reaches down, pulling Tanner to his feet.
text: Dex and the rest of the men crowd around, guns drawn.
text: Christoph kisses Tanner on the check, then steps away.
text: Tanner looking for a place to run to, but he's surrounded.
dialog: Dex and the men firing --
text: Music drowning out all sound.
text: Strobe lights carving quick bursts of images.
text: Laser fire slamming through Tanner --
dialog: Hit from all sides. Again and again --
text: His eyes straining to hold on to life.
text: Muzzle flashes. More shots. Tanner's body twisting.
text: Music screaming down from the heavens.
text: Lasers ripping through his body.
text: Eyes finally going blank as he crumples to the floor.
text: Christoph motions to Dex.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: His access card.
text: Dex bends down for it, but suddenly freezes --
text: There's no blood.
dialog: Not one single drop.
text: Dex whips his eyes up to Christoph in stunned
dialog: realization --
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch digitized himself!
dialog: But Christoph's no longer there --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CITY - NEXUS CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: The real Tanner stands on the catwalk, plugging his access
text: card into the core program panel.
text: Data swirls across the screen. Several long beats.
speaker_heading: DISEMBODIED VOICE (FROM PROGRAM)
dialog: Access approved.
text: Tanner begins punching in the eject command.
text: Codes streaking down the screen.
text: He suddenly stops, grabs his laser and whirls.
text: A person in the shadows.
text: Tanner is about to shoot when the person steps forward.
text: It's Katie. Standing very still. Watching him.
text: His gun aimed at her.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You have to do this?
text: He slowly lowers the weapon.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Someone you have to get back to?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: No.
text: She nods, her eyes aching. She steps toward him,
text: struggling for the words.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I asked Christoph to take it out of
dialog: my memory.
text: Data smearing down the program screen, reflected off her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: But he wouldn't.
text: Her voice is suddenly very small and vulnerable.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: So every single time I close my eyes
text: it's there. All of it.
text: Searching his face. Afraid of the answer.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You?
text: Long beat. The words crawling from his throat.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I remember.
text: She slowly reaches out. Touching his face. So familiar.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Isn't it better than whatever you
dialog: have waiting for you up there?
text: He doesn't answer, his body suddenly shaking. A tortured
dialog: silence.
text: Her lips reaching for his.
text: Christoph materializing on the catwalk --
dialog: Rushing for Tanner. Speed of a Demon --
text: Tanner no longer thinking, merely reacting, spinning and
text: slamming in the last of the eject command --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: NO --
text: But it's too late.
text: The god-awful noise, quickly getting louder and louder.
text: The sound of the end.
text: The walls disappearing.
text: Katie's eyes locked on Tanner, trying hard to be brave,
text: but it finds a way out of her mouth.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What happens to me --
dialog: He wishes he knew...
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREETS
text: The moon and stars fade away.
text: Then the buildings. Only the people left.
text: The LIGHT screaming for them. Everyone it touches,
text: blasted into emptiness.
text: There is no escape from the light, it finds everybody.
scene_heading: INT. NEXUS CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: The light explodes through.
text: It touches Christoph first, ripping him into darkness.
dialog: Then Katie.
dialog: Then Tanner --
scene_heading: INT. THE NET - DARKNESS
text: For a still heartbeat, Katie's face is visible --
text: Before it smears into the silent blackness of the net
dialog: as --
text: Tanner is hurled into the darkness, spinning toward the
text: blink of cold colors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - GLOOMY AFTERNOON
text: The rain hasn't let up. Blanketing the city in wet
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: INT. INTERFACE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner's eyes fighting open.
text: The room is full of shadows. Very eerie.
text: The sound of rain slamming against windows.
text: Tanner forces himself to sit.
text: The shadows come into focus.
text: They are empty interface chairs. Tanner is alone. He
text: reaches down, ejecting the mini-disk from the chair.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Tanner uses the wall for balance as he pushes himself down
text: the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: He hits the button for the top floor. His eyes starting
text: to clear as the rage burns through the fog.
scene_heading: INT. HALDEN'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: The room is dark.
text: Halden is behind his desk, staring out the window at the
dialog: storm.
text: The faintest of sounds. Halden doesn't look surprised.
text: Tanner is in the doorway. Dead silence.
text: Halden's face erupts in one continual grin.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: There was never a doubt, buddy!
text: Tanner steps into the office, slamming shut the door
text: behind him.
text: Halden keeps that grin plastered on his lips.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Tanner comes through!
text: Tanner heads straight for him. Smell of violence.
text: Still smiling, Halden's on his feet. A laser trained on
dialog: Tanner.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: I just need the disk back, then we
dialog: can put this whole thing behind
dialog: us --
text: Tanner rips away the weapon with savage speed, then grabs
text: Halden by the wind-pipe and slams him back against the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: She was real!
text: Halden trying to say something, but all that comes out is
text: some awful garbled noise.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch!
text: Halden's face turning weird shades of red. Then touches
text: of blue. Eyes going slack.
text: Tanner finally lets go. Halden collapses, hacking for
text: air. A while to suck in enough to get out words.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: What did he tell you?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: The truth.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Not his style.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Katie was digitized.
text: Halden nods. Tanner stares down at him.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Then you had her killed.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Why would I do that?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: To hide the evidence.
text: Halden climbs to his feet, struggling to regain some
text: semblance of authority.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: We drugged her. So she wouldn't
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Try harder.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: There was no need to kill her.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Then where is she?
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Come on Tanner, think this through.
text: Tanner levels the laser on him.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: She has no memory of it. She won't
dialog: know who you are.
text: Tanner's face tightens.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Last time I ask. Where is she?
text: Halden stares at Tanner. Tanner will pull the trigger.
dialog: Halden blurts --
speaker_heading: HALDEN
text: An interface attendant.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Times Square.
text: Tanner nods, then fires the laser, again and again into --
text: The window. Blows out the glass. Tanner hurls the gun
text: out into the storm.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY
text: Tanner hurries for the elevator. Halden charging after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: One last piece of business.
text: Tanner doesn't stop. Elevator doors opening.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Need the disk back!
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Insurance.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Insurance?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (holds up the disk)
dialog: If she's alive, you get it back.
text: He zips the disk into his jacket pocket as he steps
dialog: into --
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Tanner jabs at the button. The doors sliding shut.
text: Last thing Tanner sees is Halden's smiling face.
speaker_heading: HALDEN
dialog: Don't forget, Tanner.
dialog: (amused)
dialog: She won't know who the hell you
dialog: are --
text: Door close. Tanner is alone. Halden's words echoing
text: around him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - MOMENTS LATER
text: A solid sheet of rain drenching the world.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - THAT DAY
text: The rain seems even worse, pounding the neon-strobed hell
dialog: hole.
text: It's a mob scene outside of the VSI Interface Center.
text: Aftermath of the system being ejected.
text: Tanner slices through the crowd, fighting his way inside.
scene_heading: INT. VSI INTERFACE STATION
text: A small handful of overwhelmed VSI employees passing out
text: credit vouchers to a crush of angry customers.
text: Tanner moves through the crowd, searching, but not
dialog: finding.
text: Working his way to the center, looking everywhere, and
dialog: finally --
dialog: Katie.
text: In the back corner. Managing to keep a professional calm
text: as she hands out vouchers.
text: Tanner is so close now he could touch her. She turns to
text: him. Waiting for something. Then finally...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I'm sorry sir, we need your debit
dialog: card before we can issue a
dialog: credit --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (quiet intensity)
dialog: -- Katie.
text: His eyes burning into her's. She looks at him, confused.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Do I know you?
text: Long beat. Truth tearing at him. Finally...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Lance Stanworth. His father's
dialog: station wagon and sixteen year-old
dialog: promises.
text: She tenses, studying his face.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You went to my high-school?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Then how do you know about --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- You told me.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: The patrons thrusting debit cards in her face. He
text: practically has to yell to be heard.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Your mother told you your father
text: died in a car crash.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wasn't until you left for college
dialog: that your uncle finally told you the
dialog: truth.
text: She's staring at him. No longer noticing anyone else.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Most nights you wake up crying.
dialog: Never knowing why.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Who are you?!
text: He motions toward the back. Away from the people.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF THE BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER
text: Katie and Tanner stand alone in the open doorway.
text: Outside, the storm smothers the empty alley.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: We worked together on the inside.
dialog: You were on my programming team --
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: -- The inside?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Night City.
text: She stares at him like he's crazy.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I've never been inside.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: My synapses wouldn't connect. They
dialog: say it happens with some people.
text: A still silence as he's suddenly not sure he should tell
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What?
text: He eyes the ground. Rivulets of light reflected off the
text: black water.
text: Her voice pounds into him. Needs to know.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Tell me --
text: He grabs her arm, pulling her out into --
scene_heading: INT. BACK ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Dark storm battering them as he leads her into --
scene_heading: INT. KINKO'S - CONTINUOUS
text: Antiseptic light drips down onto the newest
text: telecommunications toys. Salaried men and women crowd the
dialog: terminals.
text: Tanner leads Katie to the back. Old fashioned color Xerox
text: machine in the corner. He grabs a price list.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: They took you.
text: Slams the paper into the machine. Punches the button.
text: Machine kicks out the Xerox.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: And made a copy.
text: Holds up the two pieces of paper, side by side.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Identical. One's you. One's
dialog: digital.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: That's not possible. No one can do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Corporation can.
text: This hangs there. Katie fighting back believing.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: That's why they told you you can't
dialog: go inside.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They can't have you running into
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Her?
text: He holds up the Xerox.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You.
text: Katie stares at it, trembling, barely holding on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BAR - MOMENT LATER
text: Tanner and Katie in the back. She's still struggling to
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You said we were on the same
dialog: programming team.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: But I don't know anything about
dialog: programming.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Once they digitized you, they added
dialog: it.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: It was a test.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: For what?
text: Tanner's face darkens. Working hard to stay emotionless.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: To see how long it would take for me
dialog: to realize.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Realize?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: You weren't real.
text: She's still staring at him.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And how long did it take you?
text: His voice is suddenly very small.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: They had to tell me.
text: He's suddenly no longer looking at her. But her eyes
text: remain frozen on him. Starting to get it.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It was more than work, wasn't it?
text: A long beat before he finally forces himself to meet her
dialog: stare.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And it meant something.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Yes.
text: She nods, her eyes aching.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I don't know what that's like.
text: He's looking at her. Like he's done so many times. Then
text: he kisses her.
text: She pulls away. Shaking, trying to say something, but it
text: won't come out, so she kisses him back.
text: A terrified connection.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TANNER'S WAREHOUSE LOFT - A LITTLE LATER
text: Muted light sifts through the windows.
text: The door slides open. Tanner and Katie silently enter.
text: Her mouth on his as she tugs at his jacket. It falls to
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Candles. Get candles.
text: She waits as he heads into --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Tears apart the cupboards. Finds several mismatched
text: candles. Grabs matches, returning to --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: It's empty. His coat has been picked up and neatly hung
text: on the hook. He moves into --
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Katie's sitting on the bed, staring at him with trembling
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Pretend I'm her. We're inside.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Show me what it was like.
text: Sound of rain slamming into the window. He lights the
text: candles, throwing wicked shadows across the room.
text: He turns to the bed looking down at her.
text: Flicker of emotion. So much held back.
text: Falls down on top of her. Both fully clothed. His mouth
text: tracing the lines of her neck. Her breaths coming faster.
text: His hands roaming her body. Raw passion.
text: She flips him over, climbing on top. Kissing him.
text: Hungry. But suddenly stopping.
text: Staring at him in troubled silence.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Way you kiss me.
text: SOUND of the rain drilling the metal walls.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Like you've done it so many times.
text: He stares up at her, not sure how to answer.
text: Her voice wrapped in darkness.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I wasn't with you.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: But you were with me.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Not you. A copy.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What's the difference?
text: The rain drumming against the windows.
text: A jet-copter screams by overhead.
text: He's like a statue, watching her.
text: Something burns deep in her eyes.
text: Moves her mouth down to his.
text: He's not breathing. Just staring at her.
text: She kisses him. He erupts --
text: Throws her off of him --
dialog: Blurring into --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Claws through the drawer for a knife.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: He returns to the bed. She sees the knife in his hands.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What the hell's going on --
text: He grabs her arm. Her eyes now locked on his.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You sure you want to do this?
text: He raises the knife.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Because this time can be different.
dialog: (pleads)
dialog: This time we can stay together --
text: The blade flashes down, piercing her flesh.
text: No blood. Not one single drop. She suddenly won't look
text: at him.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: He rushes to his jacket, unzips the pocket, reaches
text: inside. It's empty. No disk.
text: Whirls around. Katie staring at him from the bedroom.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Sorry?!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: There was no other choice.
text: He comes at her. Eyes wild. Deadly.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: None of this was real!
text: Her voice now trembling.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I do love you.
text: She flickers. Tears staining her eyes.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (soft)
dialog: More than I should.
text: Then she's no longer there.
text: Tanner is standing alone in the middle of the room.
text: Eyes pounding with rage.
text: He spins, punching through the window!
text: Hand bloodied, keeps punching, harder and harder, until
text: there's no more glass left.
text: But the rain doesn't come into the room. Stopped by some
dialog: invisible barrier.
text: A primal scream ripping from his throat.
dialog: Taste of the beast.
text: He attacks the walls, clawing them down into darkness.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: I couldn't let you eject the system.
text: Tanner whirls. Christoph stands across the room.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Because I've seen the world you
dialog: would have returned them to.
text: He steps toward Tanner, voice ripped with anguish.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: And I have too much compassion for
dialog: that.
text: Tanner slams his stare into him.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: But this world doesn't last!
text: Christoph calmly meets Tanner's stare.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: What if it could?
text: The question hangs there as the walls dissolve into
text: nothingness, plunging them into --
scene_heading: EXT. PITCH BLACKNESS
text: Jazz music pierces the darkness.
text: Then a flicker of light, expanding out to --
scene_heading: EXT. THE TERRACE - ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: The party is gone. Tanner and Christoph stand alone on
text: the roof, the lights of Night City spread out before them.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: What if we take it out onto the net?
text: The question hangs there. Tanner shakes his head,
dialog: couldn't have heard it right.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Unlimited energy out there. Enough
dialog: to run this world for all
dialog: eternity --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- But you'll never be able to get
text: it through the maze.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Me? Of course not.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: That's why you're here.
text: He locks eyes with Tanner.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Your maze. You designed it. You
dialog: can lead us through it.
text: Terrified understanding beginning to flash through
text: Tanner's eyes.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: He comes to deliver them from a land
dialog: of affliction and bring them to a
dialog: good land, a land flowing with milk
dialog: and honey.
text: There is a sense of almost relief in Christoph's eyes.
text: The secret finally told.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: With the energy from the net, we can
dialog: program this world anyway we want.
dialog: (beams)
text: Redwood forests. Oceans.
dialog: Mountains --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- Two million people plugged-in
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Yes.
text: Tanner is horrified at putting it together.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You can't let them go.
text: Christoph says nothing. Tanner's eyes bore into him.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Until you're on the net where the
dialog: corporation can't touch you, you
dialog: can't open the system. They'll
dialog: eject it if you do.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: One would assume so.
text: The fireworks show starts up over the carnival down below.
text: Tanner doesn't seem to notice, his eyes frozen on
dialog: Christoph.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: But once the system touches the net,
text: all links are severed.
dialog: (beat)
text: Everybody dies.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: Only up there in the dream they
dialog: called life.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: And down here --
text: Christoph holds up the access card.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: -- Thanks to you, we can reconfigure
dialog: the system to free up enough power
dialog: to digitize everybody who is
dialog: plugged-in. Every last soul...
dialog: (intense)
dialog: And bring them to a better world.
text: Tanner's eyes glow with fury.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: And if I refuse?
text: Christoph calmly meets Tanner's stare.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
text: Then the system crashes.
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: And you have let two million people
dialog: die.
text: He fades away. Leaving Tanner standing alone on the roof.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The streets are crowded with people heading in and out of
dialog: bars.
text: The fireworks from the carnival raining down overhead.
text: Nobody noticing the small clouds creeping in over the
dialog: horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TERRACE - ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner stares out at the slowly approaching clouds.
text: Tormented realization tearing at his face.
scene_heading: EXT. GLASS ELEVATOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Tanner rides the elevator down the side of the building.
text: He watches through the window as more clouds drift
text: overhead.
text: The elevator glides to a stop, depositing Tanner out
dialog: onto --
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: He heads out into the middle of the street.
text: Huge explosions tear apart the darkness as the fireworks
text: boom across the sky.
text: In the quick bursts of light Tanner can see the clouds are
text: getting darker and darker.
text: The air filled with the screams of people riding the
text: digital roller coaster.
text: The first drops of rain beginning to swirl lazily to the
dialog: ground.
text: People stopping what they're doing and staring up into the
text: sky. Stunned that it's actually raining.
text: Tanner instinctively pushing through the crowd, yelling --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Get inside! Get back inside!
text: But no one paying him any attention.
text: The rain coming down harder now.
text: More and more people pouring out onto the streets as word
text: begins to circulate that it's raining.
scene_heading: INT. NEXUS CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Dex and Christoph stand silently in front of a program
text: panel, watching the monitor across the room which shows --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner is still fighting his way through the crowd.
text: Up above, the fireworks explode in the rain, creating
text: prisms of flickering color.
text: Tanner suddenly freezes. Sees --
text: Katie across the street. She is watching him. Tears in
text: her eyes.
dialog: And then it happens.
text: A horrific SOUND roars across the sky.
text: Hard to tell if it's thunder or laughter, as --
text: The clouds unleash their rage.
text: The storm ripping apart the night. Rain as thick as
dialog: steel.
text: Knocking people to their knees. Struggling to stand.
text: And it keeps coming. Slamming down harder and harder.
dialog: Threatening to wash the whole damn city away.
scene_heading: INT. NEXUS CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Christoph pulls his eyes away from the monitor.
text: A long beat, then he silently nods to Dex, who punches the
text: commands into the program panel.
text: Christoph keeps his stare away from the monitor, not
dialog: wanting to watch as --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: The savage rain storm continues as a small burst of fire
text: falls from the sky.
text: The flames swirl through the rain.
text: Tanner, like the crowds all around him, is pinned to the
text: ground by the crush of water.
text: The balls of flames burn right through him --
text: His body convulsing on the ground in anguished pain --
text: He is probably screaming, but it would be in vain as the
dialog: storm drowns out all noise --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREET - DAWN
text: A peaceful street in the downtown area, dominated by VSI's
dialog: Chicago Public Interface Center.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO INTERFACE CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Rows and rows of people strapped unconscious to interface
dialog: seats.
text: An alarm pierces the room.
text: A Medical Technician rushes to the sound, sweeping a
text: curtain around the person. Takes one look down at the
dialog: person, and --
speaker_heading: MEDICAL TECHNICIAN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I need help here!
text: The bulking man in the interface seat is in the throes of
text: violent spasms, his eyes thrust dangerously back in his
dialog: head.
text: Then mercifully, it's over. He flatlines.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner struggles to his feet, the rain crashing down on
dialog: him.
text: He fights his way over to Katie --
text: Flames now falling from every square inch of sky.
text: A solid blanket of death floating down onto the city.
text: Tanner locks eyes with Katie, screaming as loud as he
dialog: can --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Christoph as God!
text: It is impossible to tell if she can hear him over the
text: howling tempest.
text: But there is the slightest shift in her face. Some
text: tortured realization.
text: Tanner turns back into the street.
text: The flames drifting down through the rain. Only
text: heartbeats away from hitting the people.
text: Tanner stares straight up into the heavens, screaming --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Enough! They will not die --
scene_heading: INT. NEXUS - CONTINUOUS
text: Relief spills through Christoph's face as he turns to the
text: program panel and throws in the commands for --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREETS
text: The flames disappear. Just like that.
text: Then the storm stops.
text: A silent stillness.
text: The crowds in the street still shaking, not yet willing to
dialog: believe it's really over.
text: The first glint of light as the night fades.
text: For the first time ever, the sun rises over the Night
text: City. Dawn in the new world.
text: Tanner and Katie flicker, then fade away.
scene_heading: INT. NEXUS CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner and Katie materialize on the --
scene_heading: FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: They are flanked by Christoph and Dex, along with an army
text: of armed digital employees.
text: Katie silently stares at Tanner. Something being
dialog: communicated.
text: Christoph smiles at Tanner.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: And Moses said, 'Who am I, that I
dialog: should lead them to the Promise
dialog: Land?'
text: Tanner turns and stares at him in steely silence.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Nine minutes before the system
dialog: crashes.
text: Tanner's eyes reflexively spin down the catwalk toward the
dialog: core program.
text: Christoph holds up the access card --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: You don't have access to it. You
dialog: can't eject.
dialog: (dead serious)
dialog: So the only way everybody lives is
text: out on the net.
text: Tanner catches a quick glimpse of Katie as she slips
text: through the guards and down the stairs.
text: Dex motions to the program panel in front of Tanner.
speaker_heading: DEX
dialog: This program interface will get you
text: into the maze.
text: The longest beat. Then Tanner nods.
scene_heading: FOURTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Katie rushes to a program panel and throws it open,
text: punching in commands. Data whips across the screen.
scene_heading: FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Christoph hands the access card to Dex who in turn slides
text: it into the program panel in front of Tanner.
text: Several long beats, then the program buzzes.
speaker_heading: DISEMBODIED VOICE (FROM PROGRAM)
dialog: Access approved.
text: Dex pulls out the card as Tanner calls out --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Now --
text: His hands rocket out with blurring speed. One hand
text: grabbing the card as the other grasps onto the program
dialog: panel --
scene_heading: FOURTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Katie slams in the last of the commands --
scene_heading: FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: The catwalk flickers, then disappears.
text: Christoph, Dex, and the digital employees plunging down
text: through thin air.
text: Tanner hanging onto the panel --
scene_heading: FOURTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Katie punches in more commands and now --
scene_heading: FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: The catwalk reappears.
speaker_heading: GROUND FLOOR
text: Christoph, Dex, and the men crash hard to the ground.
scene_heading: FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Tanner races down the catwalk to a program panel. He
text: throws in the access card.
speaker_heading: GROUND FLOOR
text: Christoph is the first one to his feet. His eyes spin up
text: to Tanner on the catwalk.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: (bellows)
speaker_heading: KILL HIM --
text: The army of digital guards springing to their feet, lasers
dialog: drawn.
scene_heading: FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Tanner slams in the last of the commands, causing --
text: A LASER CANNON to materialize next to him.
speaker_heading: STAIRS
text: The guards charging for Tanner. There's too many of them.
dialog: He'll never kill them all.
scene_heading: FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Tanner aims the cannon down onto the second floor and
speaker_heading: FIRES --
text: A program explodes. The program that controls the
dialog: waiters.
text: The guards who are reprogrammed waiters disappear.
text: Tanner fires into another program.
text: The guards who are reprogrammed busboys disappear.
text: Tanner keeps firing. Destroying the employee programs.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS
text: The last of the guards flicker, then are gone.
text: Dex is the only one left on the stairs as he races up to
text: the catwalk.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR
text: Christoph stares up as Tanner rips open the core program
text: and throws in the access card.
scene_heading: FIFTH FLOOR CATWALK
text: Data whips across the screen, reflecting off Tanner's
dialog: face.
text: Tanner suddenly spins.
text: Dex is up on the catwalk, laser trained on Tanner.
text: Tanner reaches for his gun, but he is too late.
text: The HISSING of a laser.
text: Small neat hole burned through Dex's forehead.
text: He crumples to the ground, bloodless face frozen in death.
text: Tanner whirls around. Katie stands behind him, laser in
text: hand. She is staring at Dex's body. First time she has
dialog: killed.
text: A buzzing breaks the silence --
speaker_heading: DISEMBODIED VOICE (FROM PROGRAM)
dialog: Access approved --
speaker_heading: GROUND FLOOR
text: Christoph yells up at Tanner --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: One thing you need to know!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There is no Katie out there!
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Halden really did have her killed.
dialog: (explains)
dialog: That's why the digital one is
dialog: allowed to stay in here --
speaker_heading: CATWALK
text: Christoph's warning echoing around Tanner and Katie.
text: She slowly lowers the gun, her eyes shaking as she looks
text: up at Tanner.
text: An anguished silence, broken by Christoph's yelling --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You hear me, Tanner?! She only
dialog: lives in here!
text: Katie stares at Tanner, struggling for the words, but they
dialog: won't come.
text: So she leans over and kisses him. Both of their bodies
text: trembling.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (tortured whisper)
dialog: I'm already dead...
text: Her eyes wet, she kisses him again, knowing it will be the
dialog: last time.
text: He forces himself to turn back to the program panel,
text: slamming in the eject sequence.
text: Christoph materializes on the catwalk --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: NO --
text: He hurls Tanner away from the program panel. Only he's
dialog: too late --
text: That god-awful noise. Louder and louder.
text: Christoph's face wracked with realization. Last thing he
dialog: will do is turn to Tanner --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPH
dialog: Life is too precious --
text: The Nexus Center's walls fade away --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CITY - STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: The buildings are all gone.
text: The LIGHT sweeps down for the people --
scene_heading: INT. NEXUS CENTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Katie's eyes locked on Tanner.
text: The light explodes through, ripping them all into
dialog: nothingness --
scene_heading: INT. THE NET - DARKNESS
text: Tanner is thrown out into the darkness, spinning
text: helplessly through the blackness.
text: The faintest of light. Growing brighter and brighter,
dialog: as --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - INTERFACE ROOM
text: Tanner's eyes flutter open, struggling for focus.
text: Several blurry shapes. Tanner pushes himself to sit.
text: The shapes are people. Halden's bodyguards. One of them
text: grabs the disk from the chair's interface.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I need to see Halden --
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: -- I'm sorry.
text: Tanner turns. It is EMMA. She looks tortured by what she
dialog: must do.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: He's not taking visitors.
text: She motions to the bodyguards, who hustle Tanner to his
text: feet and out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MOMENTS LATER
text: The rain has slowed to a drizzle. A mud gray day.
text: Emma wishes she didn't have to be the one who had to do
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: F.C.O. regulations require all
dialog: system providers to test their
dialog: emergency eject sequence at least
dialog: once a year.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Our records will show that's exactly
dialog: what transpired.
text: Before Tanner can respond, she disappears back inside.
text: The sidewalk's crowded, people brushing against Tanner,
text: but he stands there not moving, staring up at the top of
dialog: the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI BUILDING - HALDEN'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Halden sits behind his desk staring out the window.
text: Emma heads inside, laying the disk on the desk.
text: Halden's eyes remain silently out the window.
text: Emma leaves, shutting the door behind her.
text: Halden looks down at the disk. Smallest flicker of guilt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HELL'S KITCHEN - WAREHOUSE - THAT DAY
text: A beat-up taxi drops Tanner out front.
scene_heading: INT. TANNER'S LOFT - CONTINUOUS
text: The place is dark. Tanner hits the switch.
text: The monitor snaps alive, bathing the room in eerie blue
text: light.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Display program received from
dialog: uplink.
text: Clicking sound as the program drips down the screen.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Program name?
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: Resurrection.
text: Tanner nods, making himself a drink.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Connect to public access.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: (buzzes)
dialog: Access established.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Select uplink for Federal
dialog: Communications Office. Department
dialog: of Enforcement.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Uplink selected.
text: Tanner settles into a chair, taking a hit of his drink.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Uplink Resurrection program.
text: Tanner sits there in the darkness listening to the
text: machines talking to each other.
speaker_heading: SYNTHETIC VOICE
dialog: (buzzes)
dialog: Uplink received.
text: He nods, a flutter of satisfaction.
text: A NOISE from the bedroom. Sounds like a woman's voice
text: calling out for him.
text: He downs the drink, grabbing his gun and moving into --
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: It is empty. The noise is just the wind howling against
dialog: the window.
text: He stares at the bed. Several long beats. He doesn't
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VSI TIMES SQUARE - INTERFACE CENTER - THAT DAY
text: The aftermath of the system being ejected.
text: VSI interface attendants passing out credit vouchers as
text: fast as they can to the crush of complaining customers.
text: Tanner squeezes his way inside.
text: His eyes spinning to the back toward Katie, but she's not
dialog: there.
text: He moves through the crowd trying to find her. Finally
text: makes his way to the front desk.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: I'm looking for Katie Hall.
text: The SECURITY GUARD at the desk looks at him like he's
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: You expect me to find someone in
dialog: this crowd --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: -- Not a customer. An employee.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: No Katie works here.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: I've been here since we opened.
dialog: Never been a Katie.
text: Long beat. Realization ripping through Tanner.
text: He stands there frozen for several dark moments. Then
text: finally turns and heads out the door.
text: Almost outside when he hears the voice.
text: He spins.
dialog: Katie.
text: In the back, passing out vouchers. But then the crowd
text: shifts, blocking his view.
text: He cuts a path to her, his eyes tense, was he imagining
dialog: her?
text: But he's now standing right next to her. Can feel her
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Can I please have your debit card.
text: He's staring at her. Fierce intensity.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Sir, your debit --
text: He looks down at her name tag. It reads 'Katherine'. He
dialog: nods, of course.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: They changed your name.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Who did?
text: He stares at her, needs to know. He reaches out with
text: lightning speed and plucks off her name tag.
text: Before she can react, he grabs her arm, nicking it with
text: the pin from the name tag.
text: She spins, yelling to the security guard --
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
speaker_heading: FRANK --
text: The security guard, Frank, hurries over.
text: Tanner watches her arm. Thin ribbon of blood rising to
text: the cut. Flicker of relief shudders through him.
text: He stares her straight in the eye --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You grew up in Vermont.
text: She stays silent, not wanting to say anything that'll set
dialog: this guy off.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: When you were six, your father went
dialog: out to buy a newspaper and never
dialog: came back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your mother lied, told you he was
dialog: killed in a car accident --
text: Frank is there now, wrenching Tanner's hands back,
text: twisting them behind his back.
text: Tanner doesn't resist, his eyes locked on Katherine --
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: You have trouble remembering your
dialog: dreams.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But there's one you always have.
text: She's staring at him.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: A baby's crying. But no one comes
text: to help it. So it keeps crying.
dialog: All night long --
text: Frank cuffs Tanner, then drags him away.
text: Tanner's eyes struggling for Katie's face, but it's
text: swallowed up by the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Tanner is uncuffed and hurled out into the alley.
text: The sound of the door slamming shut behind him, dead bolts
text: sliding into place.
text: A jet-copter screams by overhead.
text: An old man, face stained with illness, lays on a bed of
text: newspaper next to Tanner.
text: Sounds of the real world filtering down the alley. A
text: family arguing. Groups of friends laughing. Someone
text: screaming.
text: Tanner slowly turns around.
text: Katherine is in the doorway, watching him.
text: Sunlight pierces through the clouds.
text: She tries to keep her voice from trembling.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Who are you?...
text: Tanner stares at her, does something he hasn't done in a
text: long time. He smiles.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
