dialog: 
speaker_heading: MIAMI VICE
dialog: Written by
dialog: Michael Mann
dialog: Based on "Miami Vice"
dialog: created by
dialog: Anthony Yerkovich
dialog: First Draft
dialog: 9/22/04
speaker_heading: WGAw
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - CLOSE UP: WATER - MORNING LIGHT
dialog: We are at the delicate interface between ocean and
dialog: air...liquid and gas...the event horizon where molecules
text: evaporate. This interchange is ethereal. Then, low
text: frequencies rumble through depths...louder...closer, now...
text: And the ocean surface is torn by a 46-foot catamaran and the
text: ROAR of 2,700 horsepower, rocketing at us at 140 knots...
scene_heading: OFFSHORE RACER: "BORN TO WIN"
speaker_heading: in PROFILE.
scene_heading: AERIAL: "BORN TO WIN"
text: ...has a canopy, low like a B-1 bomber and extends a half
text: mile. It launches off two-foot swells, goes airborne, pushes
text: to 150 knots with another 1,100 RPM left...
scene_heading: INT. RACE BOAT - SONNY CROCKETT
text: pilots the "Born to Win" in full helmet. On the throttle and
text: flaps is RICARDO TUBBS...
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - "BORN TO WIN"
text: leads the frontrunners towards a finish line demarcated by a
text: couple of $10 million yachts loaded with media. At the last
text: moment occurs a small power loss, and "Born to Win" gets
text: nosed into second place by the 46-foot Skater, "Goddess"...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA - "BORN TO WIN" - LATER
text: thunders to the dock, throttled down at low revs. The canopy
text: is up. Crockett and Tubbs' helmets are off. Dockhands tie
dialog: it off. It's the same crowd you catch at a Grand Prix: nine-
dialog: figure money, tall, Northern Italian women and minor German
dialog: princesses with Swiss educations, no bimbos and no questions
dialog: about asset origins. The exception is "Born to Win's"
text: sponsor, a blonde, dreadlocked, bearded 6'4" SWITEK. He
text: looks like a dot-com entrepreneur who got out in time. Next
text: to him is a blonde Ukranian lady with high cheekbones. We'll
dialog: see her again.
scene_heading: WINNING CIRCLE - CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: in second position to the Japanese driver and throttle man of
text: "Goddess," neither of whom speak English. The #3 boat,
text: "Bicardi Silver," was driven by David Scott and throttled by
dialog: John Tomlinson...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT + TUBBS
dialog: leave the winning circle among Asian and Mexican
text: billionaires. As the small crowd breaks up...
scene_heading: A DEEPLY-TANNED PLAYER
text: named NICHOLAS in Vuarnet wraparounds and buzz-cut white hair
text: glides by...
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS
dialog: (low)
dialog: Burnett, what's crackin'?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Maxin' and relaxin'.
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS
dialog: (doesn't believe them)
dialog: Sure. Change your mind; get
dialog: inclined? Let me know...
text: Whatever Nicholas is soliciting, Crockett and Tubbs don't
text: want. (Nicholas brokers "go-fast" runs, moving loads from
dialog: offshore into South Florida. Among guys who pilot offshore
dialog: race boats, there are one or two who've never run a load, but
text: no one's found them yet.) Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ALONZO STEVENS' HOUSE - A KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: A couple-hundred-thousand-dollars worth of granite and steel.
text: Off-screen a restaurant-grade Sub-Zero opens with a hiss.
text: Fan starts. Beyond the kitchen we SEE through a dining room
text: to a den. A chair is overturned. We HEAR muffled sounds.
text: We SEE feet extend through a door jamb. Someone's on the
text: floor. A television is playing, distantly.
scene_heading: INT. DEN - SEE FAMILY PICTURES
text: so close they almost come to life. A Venezuelan family, two
text: boys and a girl in a pool. Maria, Alonzo, the two boys at
text: their sister's baptism. And we see holding the baby daughter
dialog: is Riccardo Tubbs.
text: A family dinner at a South American restaurant. Tubbs sits
text: with the youngest daughter on his lap. Maria is on the other
text: side of him. This is the image that almost comes to life.
text: We hear the vivacious latin ambience late on a Sunday
dialog: afternoon when families take the grandparents and have
dialog: dinner.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SUB ZERO REFRIGERATOR
text: MOVE from the bright glare of the interior ONTO
text: the broad neck of a MAN. A Viking is tattooed there. The
text: image morphs into a naked woman presenting her rear to a
text: muscled biker next to a chopper above a swastika residing
text: between shoulder blades. SS lightning bolts are on his neck.
text: PULL BACK from this MAN, who is bent into the frig because
text: he's hungry. His head is shaved and he's naked from the
text: waist up. A BLACK HEFTY GARBAGE BAG is tied around his
text: waist. Yellow industrial gloves are on his hands. Something
dialog: bad is happening in this house...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: It's a Sikorski skimming across the water of Biscayne Bay on
text: a moonlit night at living-room level past stilt houses.
speaker_heading: RICARDO TUBBS
text: pilots the chopper past the brightly lit windows of high-rise
text: Collins Avenue condos for the fugitive rich...and heads
text: towards the MacArthur Causeway.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: What's our deal?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Backup in case the Russians get
dialog: physical.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: How lucky's Miss Universe gotta be?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Skin has to touch skin. That's the
dialog: requirement for the warrant. Then
dialog: he makes a credible excuse and he
dialog: stops....
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Her crew blackmailed and asset-
dialog: stripped the last mark down to his
dialog: social security...
text: In the back - her long copper legs stretched out under a
text: short skirt - is GINA CALABRESE.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: This I gotta see...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...the "make up an excuse and stop"
dialog: part.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Have faith.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I have faith. In horoscopes and
dialog: fortune cookies...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Switek pulling this off...? That's
dialog: not faith; that's delusional...
text: Wearing enough of nothing to hide the micro .380, which Gina
text: checks right now. There's a round in the chamber.
text: AERIAL: THE SIKORSKI crosses past the stacks of $5 million
text: condos to a landing pad on a roof. The Miami of the '80's,
text: that twilight-zone frontier built on coke-fueled cash flow,
text: is over. The frontier development stage is passed. It has
dialog: BECOME Casablanca. Anything goes; everything has a price.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP LANDING PAD - WIDE
text: The chopper rockets in, settles.
scene_heading: INT. UTILITY STAIRCASE
text: Crockett, Tubbs and Gina descend to the 25th-floor penthouse,
text: the target. As Crockett and Tubbs continue down to 24, she
text: looks over her shoulder at Tubbs...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Damn, girl...
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT (ONE FLOOR BELOW THE TARGET)
scene_heading: PENTHOUSE - CROCKETT + TUBBS - NIGHT
text: enter. Two surveillance technicians, RICK and FRANK, are
text: glued to a monitor showing a bedroom in which nothing
text: happens. LT. CASTILLO is there, out of a past somewhere
dialog: between CIA and the Jesuits...
text: Referring to the monitor on which there are NO PEOPLE in an
scene_heading: EMPTY BEDROOM.
text: They are watching air move.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: This is exciting...
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: That's 'cause nothing is happening.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: No shit...?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (it goes past him)
dialog: Yeah. This is their
dialog: surveillance...how they video their
dialog: marks? See, we jacked their fiber
dialog: optics, like we piggybacked their
dialog: signal. Get it?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Cooool...
dialog: They exit to...
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE CONDO - CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: are met at the door by security, who recognizes them, and are
text: welcomed by their host, UGO. This is the Baccardi Cup After-
dialog: Party. The same players from the marina...
scene_heading: OVER CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: enter an 8,000-square-foot penthouse...offshore racer types,
dialog: players, So Bee models...
speaker_heading: UGO
dialog: Runnin' the Biscayne 200?
text: Crockett wanders off...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: If a coupla new exhaust manifolds
dialog: show up...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: approaches a bar and female bartender...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Gin and Tonic. Plymouth or
dialog: Boodles.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (Scandinavian accent)
dialog: Lemon or lime?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Lemon doesn't go in Gin and Tonics,
dialog: darlin'. Where ya' from?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (leaning in)
dialog: Gottingen. That's in Sweden.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: You in Miami workin' on your
dialog: complexion...?
text: She's beautifully bronzed.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No. I was in Namibia...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Doing...?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: With the United Nations High
dialog: Commission on Refugees. Famine
dialog: relief.
text: Gina's listening on her personal comms.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Really? I did refugee relocation
dialog: in Somalia. But they transferred
dialog: me out after I was wounded...
text: Gina rolls her eyes as she crosses by Tubbs.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Only African he ever "relocated"
dialog: was a $2,000-an-hour Nigerian model
dialog: for Gucci, and he got wounded when
dialog: she took an NBA draft choice to the
text: Super Bowl instead of him...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: He did volunteer one time...
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: (entering)
dialog: For a massage parlor bust?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why am I here...?
text: TRUDY JOPLIN is a tall African-American. She whispers into a
text: small mic. If you looked closely, she's ripped...as if steel
text: cables moved under her smooth skin. She slides past Tubbs
dialog: and Gina...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (low)
dialog: ...to backup Switek. But only if
dialog: it gets lethal.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: That's impossible.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: Because you cannot kill him.
speaker_heading: SWITEK
text: all white bling, is arguing with his blade-thin, glassy-eyed,
dialog: adrenaline junkie partner, ZITO. Approaching is "Miss
text: Ukraine." High cheekbones suggest one of Genghis Khan's
dialog: horsemen found her maternal ancestor as attractive as Switek
dialog: finds her...
text: Tubbs clocks three beefy Russians in a corner, one is
text: unusually fit.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: And there's Dmitri...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: The honey trap. And there's the
dialog: honey.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Hello, Miss Ukraine...
text: MISS UKRAINE brings Switek his glass of champagne... She
text: whispers something in his ear...and is led towards a back
text: bedroom. Gina ambles over.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: (to Crockett)
text: Eleven to seven he blows it.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Twenty on my man...
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: You're giving away your money,
dialog: fool...
text: Tubbs opens his Moto as if he's about to make a call...Trudy
text: looks over his shoulder. What we see is the feed from the
text: monitor in the surveillance room downstairs.
scene_heading: CLOSER: TUBBS'S MOTO
text: Two blonde people starting to get naked. Switek and Miss
text: Ukraine. A second call comes in. Tubbs ignores it.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (to Zito)
dialog: You bet your partner?
speaker_heading: ZITO
dialog: Sure. Switek versus primal impulse
dialog: from the amygdala. Higher thinking
dialog: versus the lizard brain. Tectonic
dialog: plates of libido confront the
dialog: cognitive.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Oh, bullshit. She cops his joint.
text: He pushes the button.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: What's so fucking difficult?
text: THEIR FACES. They watch. And...Crockett's cell phone rings.
text: He separates from the group...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yeah...?
speaker_heading: STEVENS (O.S.)
dialog: Sonny...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: STEVENS (O.S.)
dialog: Where's Riccardo?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: On the phone.
speaker_heading: STEVENS (O.S.)
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Sonny...
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - CROCKETT - NIGHT
text: enters. He's come outside to hear better.
text: In the background Gina shakes her head about Switek. He blew
text: it. Trudy looks at Crockett and sees Crockett's focused,
dialog: hearing...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
speaker_heading: WITH:
scene_heading: INT. BENTLEY - ALONZO STEVENS - NIGHT
text: He's cruising at 85. He's floating in a magnolia leather
text: interior. But it's bloodstained from his nose and mouth.
text: He's been beaten. His white shirt is torn. He doesn't
dialog: care...
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: (voice cracks)
dialog: It's fucked up. I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (recognizing him)
dialog: Alonzo?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What are you talking about? Where
dialog: are you...?
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: They had me from the gate.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: I don't understand...
text: Crockett's alarmed. He catches Tubbs' eye and waves him
dialog: outside...
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: I gave up nothing on you guys.
dialog: Don't worry. I kept you and Rico
dialog: out of it. Only the Feds. They're
dialog: on their own...it's all their deal,
dialog: anyway, so fuck 'em.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (O.S.)
dialog: Alonzo, what's goin' on?!
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: After I check on Francine and the
dialog: boys, then I'm gone. Sonny, tell
dialog: Rico I'm so sorry. I wanted you to
dialog: know...
text: Tubbs joins Crockett on the balcony.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: STEVENS (O.S.)
dialog: ...look after her. Ask Rico to.
dialog: Okay? Do that for me. I had to do
dialog: it. They had me from the gate.
dialog: Do that. Whatever you can do for
dialog: them. Okay?
dialog: (breaks)
dialog: Look what I did to them, Sonny...!
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Alonzo...!
speaker_heading: STEVENS (O.S.)
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Crockett's phone goes dead.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Alonzo...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Stevens?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Something's wrong.
text: Crockett's entering a number while...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (dialing)
dialog: I'll try Francine...
text: Meanwhile Crockett HEARS...
speaker_heading: MACHINE VOICE
dialog: (recording)
dialog: Federal Bureau of Investigation.
dialog: Our office hours are...
dialog: (Crockett punches three-
dialog: digit code)
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT VOICE
dialog: F.B.I....
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: This is Detective Crockett. Miami-
dialog: Dade P.D. Patch me through to your
dialog: Special Agent in Charge, James
dialog: Fujima? It's an emergency...
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: He'll be in on Monday...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: I said, "emergency." If he's not
dialog: reachable, who's running the
dialog: weekend? The ASAC?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: We don't give that out...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Listen carefully.
text: Crockett compels himself to be patient. Meanwhile, Tubbs has
text: struck out with Alonzo's home phone.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (cont'd)
dialog: (into Nextel)
text: An informant who is working one of
dialog: YOUR cases right now called me.
dialog: YOU may have a problem. So get me
dialog: somebody on the other end of this
dialog: telephone who knows what the hell
dialog: I'm talking about...!
dialog: Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: C'mon...
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Miami-Dade PD Tech...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Bobby G. The firefly we used to
dialog: have on Alonzo Stevens' Bentley,
dialog: check if it still runs; if so,
dialog: launch Air Support. Locate the
dialog: Bentley...
dialog: (pause, listens)
dialog: I don't know...we haven't worked
dialog: with him for six months...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: (waits, then hears a click
dialog: on his Nextel)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA (O.S.)
dialog: This is Agent James Fujima.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Detective Crockett.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA (O.S.)
dialog: What's your Miami PD badge number?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: 4-4-7 Charlie 12-92.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA (O.S.)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Okay. What's up?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: A C.I. we cut loose to your Joint
dialog: Interagency Task Force. Name of
dialog: Alonzo Stevens. Now, he's YOUR
dialog: informant. Stevens, called us. I
dialog: haven't spoken to him for six
dialog: months.
dialog: I do not know what case you have
dialog: him on. I do not know what he is
dialog: talking about. But whatever he is
dialog: doing for you, it sounds like it is
dialog: going bad. Right now...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: How do I discuss operations over an
dialog: open line?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: How do I know?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I got the call from Alonzo on an
dialog: open line. That is the hand we
dialog: have been dealt at this moment, at
dialog: eleven-forty-seven o'clock Friday
dialog: night. Okay? I am trying to alert
dialog: you, here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know whether or not...you have
dialog: a thing goin' down. I do not.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But we know this guy. I think you
dialog: know this guy. Normally, he is
text: cool. Tonight he is distraught.
dialog: That is atypical. That engenders
dialog: foreboding. Do you understand the
dialog: meaning of the word "foreboding"?
dialog: As in badness is happening to your
dialog: deal right fucking now?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED METAL SHED, INDIAN RIVER - WIDE - NIGHT
text: Nothing. Rusting marine parts and corrugated metal fall into
text: weeds next on a channel of the Indian River. It cuts through
text: inner-city Miami. Distant noise. But...
scene_heading: INT. METAL SHED - ARYAN BROTHERS
text: in low light are strapping up. Kevlar vests go over tattooed
text: arms and chests. Glimpses of swastikas. Handguns in
text: waistbands. SMGs (Small Machine Guns) slung from shoulders
text: over white shirts, business-suit jackets. Everybody wears
text: surgical gloves. Shoes are industrial.
scene_heading: REAR SHOT: TWO OF THE BROTHERS
text: are leaving. One carries a very long rifle with a flash
text: suppressor. It is a bolt action .50 caliber Burrows.
scene_heading: NEARBY ON THE RIVER
text: is a second Aryan Brother sniper team with an identical
text: weapon aimed at an empty lot a thousand yards away across the
dialog: Indian River...
scene_heading: INT. METAL SHED
text: Two Suburbans and an Escalade pull out...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN RIVER - EMPTY LOT
text: Caribbean freighters seized by US Customs rust at the bank.
text: MOVE IN. Two Cadillacs are parked. Waiting. A door opens.
text: An interior light comes on. MOVE CLOSER. Two Russian
text: slickster types. Patient. One looks at a watch. The other
text: triggers his cell phone. A meeting is imminent.
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE:
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE - RAC JAMES FUJIMA - NIGHT
text: Empty except for the FBI Agent in a sweatsuit carrying files,
text: as if he stopped by when Crockett's call came in. He's on a
text: computer. He picks up the phone...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Guy's involved in a "meet"...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: "Buy and walk"? "Buy and bust"?
dialog: "Reverse undercover"? What?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Meet and greet. "I flash you some
dialog: of mine, you flash me some of
dialog: yours?"
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: And the deal goes down at another
dialog: place at another time.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: ...so there's no industrial-
dialog: strength HRT weapons team out there
dialog: tonight?
text: Crockett puts his Nextel on "speaker" so Tubbs can hear, too.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Correct. Flash samples. Flash
dialog: cash.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Haitian, Dominican, Russian,
dialog: Israeli?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: White supremacist types.
text: Crockett's impatient.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: OMGs, Mongols, Nazi Low-Riders,
dialog: prison gangs?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: NLR, we think. I wanna know...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, good...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: ...what else, what else did he
dialog: indicate to you? I need to know
dialog: everything he said.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: He is saying they had him from the
dialog: gate. He is saying to my partner
dialog: and I and to his family "goodbye."
dialog: What does that tell you?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI-DADE P.D. CHOPPER - SWITEK + ZITO
text: in the back seat get lucky. The pilot reacts as the
text: TECHNICIAN in the copilot seat has picked up a signal from
text: the FIREFLY...the LOCATOR...on Alonzo's Bentley.
speaker_heading: SWITEK
dialog: (keys radio; too much
dialog: static, tries cell phone)
dialog: Sonny, we got him...
scene_heading: INT. BLACK SIKORSKY CHOPPER - CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: Tubbs pilots it while Crockett gets the location of Alonzo's
text: car and repeats it into the headset to Tubbs as the...
scene_heading: EXT. SKY OVER MIAMI - C + T'S SIKORSKY - NIGHT
text: banks hard left and heads for north 95 towards Lauderdale.
dialog: Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN RIVER - WIDE: THE DEAL - NIGHT
text: Three Aryan Brothers in business suits get out of the rear of
text: the Escalade and Suburban with a driver in each. Our two
text: "Russians" approach from their Cadillac with a backup
text: Cadillac and one driver on the other side.
text: CLOSER: ARYAN BROTHERS. Friendly. Hip-hop culture has
text: invaded White Supremacist gangs. Buzz cuts. Goatees. A
text: couple of diamond earrings.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN #1
dialog: ...sample now is okay. And we want
dialog: sample load when we do deal...
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER
dialog: Sure, man.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN #1
dialog: What inventory you can supply...?
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER #1
dialog: Meth. Glass, ice, K's, E's,
dialog: Mitsu's, Ames, Ex...whatever you
dialog: need. Coke? Tonnage. And
dialog: Colombian H. But give us a heads
dialog: up...
text: The Aryan Brother pops him a couple of vials.
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER #1 (cont'd)
dialog: Ice. Spectra-analyze that shit.
dialog: And party-on with the coke. You
dialog: are looking at ninety-two percent
dialog: pure...none of that jumped-on
dialog: powder they sell up in New
dialog: Yorioo...
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER #2
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now, let's see the green...
text: One of the Russians puts his hand on a weapon as the other
text: opens up a Nike sports bag.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN
dialog: Never seen money before? This is
dialog: called "money."
text: Aryan Brother #1 reaches into the bag at the wrapped stacks
text: of hundreds. Flips through a couple, takes one or two at
text: random. Russian nods for him to go ahead.
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER #1
dialog: Okay. You got lotsa green. We got
dialog: all the goodies. We party.
dialog: Larry'll call you in the AM and
dialog: talk money, quantity, time and
dialog: place...
text: WIDEN. Everybody goes back to their cars. As the two
text: "Russians" get into theirs, Aryan Brother #1 turns from the
text: running board of the Escalade with his driver's door open.
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER
dialog: Hey, Ivan! I forgot to ask you
dialog: something, my brother...
text: He looks at his partner and nods, who says something into a
dialog: Nextel.
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER (cont'd)
dialog: ...they have a decent death-benefit
dialog: program in the FBI?
text: For the Russians in the car, time freezes. As they start
text: to react, they're blown up by .50 caliber rounds from the two
text: sniper positions. The .50 caliber rounds go right through
text: car bodies, sheet metal, upholstery, glass, human flesh,
text: bone, more upholstery and metal and out the other end.
text: Another round goes through the passenger door, through the
text: passenger, through the driver, out the driver door and into
dialog: the night...
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: The three Aryan Brothers approach the steaming cars with the
text: chopped-up occupants and take the gym bag full of cash. The
text: Escalade driver dons night-vision goggles. They load up and
text: drive off as we hear the "thump, thump" of Air Support and
text: some distant sirens. Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI-DADE CHOPPER - SWITEK + ZITO - NIGHT
text: at 170 knots watching a thermographic image of Alonzo
text: Stevens' car on a monitor weave through traffic northbound on
text: the 95... SEE Tubbs' Sikorsky beyond Switek + Zito as it
text: swoops from a higher altitude right past the Miami-Dade
text: chopper, banks and dives for the freeway.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY
text: Tracking with Stevens' Bentley from the front.
text: The black Sikorsky is almost on the Bentley's hood. Tubbs
text: racks the chopper sideways so that Alonzo can see Crockett in
dialog: the copilot seat...
speaker_heading: CLOSER: CROCKETT
text: has his handgun out and is waving Alonzo over to the
text: shoulder. Tubbs keeps the chopper almost blocking Alonzo's
text: Bentley. Alonzo pulls over. Tubbs wheels around and lands
text: on the shoulder. They approach...
speaker_heading: ALONZO STEVENS
text: exits the Bentley and walks toward Crockett and Tubbs. He
text: holds his hand out to keep them at a distance.
text: Freeway traffic roars past. Crockett and Tubbs don't get too
text: close, heeding Alonzo's warning...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (incensed, over traffic
dialog: noise)
dialog: What the hell did you do?
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: The Feeb gig was I front a coupla
dialog: undercover, Russian-speakers to
dialog: them. One's ATF. And broker the
dialog: deal. Set up the meet with the NLR
dialog: types...
text: Stevens takes a low-resolution E-mailed image from his pocket
text: and hands it to Tubbs. Tubbs looks up, shocked, hands it to
text: Crockett. Stevens' head rotates loosely on his
dialog: shoulders...his mind's elsewhere...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT'S POV: IMAGE
text: Alonzo's wife, Francine, is bound - clothes torn - to a chair
text: in a TV room. On the floor are two young boys bound with
text: plastic ties. Paper bags are over their heads. Francine's
text: eyes are as large as saucers. Around her neck is a necklace
text: of C-4 explosive connected to a detonator.
speaker_heading: STEVENS (cont'd)
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: So I gave them up, man! Gave up
dialog: the Feds! Gave up everything
dialog: I knew. Now I got to go home...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: How'd they get onto you?
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: How do I know? But it was from the
dialog: get-go. Knew the FBI had run me
dialog: into them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sonny, I gotta go...!
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE:
scene_heading: INT. ALONZO STEVENS' HOUSE - TRUDY - NIGHT
text: and a Miami PD SWAT team crash through the front door.
text: Another team through the back. Trudy in a tactical vest is
text: second in with a 12-gauge. The house is empty. Gina and
text: other detectives hang in the rear. First SWAT team "clears"
text: the living room, dining room. Second clears the kitchen,
dialog: maid's quarters...
scene_heading: INT. ALONZO STEVENS' HOUSE - DOOR TO DEN - NIGHT
text: ...last room to clear...center of the house. SWAT teams
text: appear around corners. Weapons up. The looks on their faces
dialog: tell us nobody is here...nobody alive...and what they see
text: gives even these veterans pause as blood pools around the
text: legs of a family and overturned chairs. Alonzo didn't save
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: (after changing channel)
dialog: Hello, Sonny...?
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - TUBBS
text: on police radio listens to a message from Trudy while...
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: (to Tubbs)
dialog: I gotta, I gotta go...!
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Alonzo...
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (voice cracks)
dialog: Alonzo, you don't need to go home.
text: Now Alonzo knows.
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: They said they wouldn't hurt them,
dialog: wouldn't hurt them if...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: They lied.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: They been known to do that...
text: Alonzo Stevens has a strange look in his eyes. He looks at
text: Crockett and Tubbs, as if to say something. He doesn't.
text: Crockett and Tubbs walk towards him, to reach him...to
dialog: console him...
scene_heading: BUT ALONZO STEVENS
text: backs away. Looks at them sadly. And before they can stop
text: him, he steps out onto the freeway, opens his arms, and
text: embraces the front bumper of a 70 m.p.h. 18-wheeler.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES CL-500 - CROCKETT + TUBBS - NIGHT
text: Grim, silent, race through Miami traffic to the crime scene
dialog: we know is ahead because...
text: OVER TUBBS' SHOULDER we see all the lights from two dozen
text: emergency vehicles a quarter mile ahead. Death is not
dialog: procedural or casual, not when it's somebody you know, like
dialog: an informant you worked cases with. Cell phone rings.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO (V.O.)
dialog: What's your twenty?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: Quarter mile away. We see the
dialog: lights...
speaker_heading: CASTILLO (V.O.)
dialog: Turn around.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (taking cell)
dialog: We know these people...!
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: Grieve elsewhere.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARKING STRUCTURE, TOP FLOOR - ANGRY MEN - 3 A.M.
text: in a concrete space. We've entered mid-scene.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: We're not certain...
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: You said Nazi Low-riders...?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: We're not certain!
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: C'mon, man!
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: We think NLR. We don't know!
dialog: Alonzo only fronted as a broker for
dialog: our guys to make the meet. He
text: wasn't deep into the crew.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: White gangs...? It doesn't track.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: White gangs is tweakers and a
text: crystal meth lab in a trailer park.
dialog: Bounce around the old lady Saturday
dialog: night and get your recidivist ass
dialog: busted back...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Not anymore. This is a distribution
dialog: network out of South Florida,
dialog: moving poly-drug loads, crystal
dialog: meth through coke, to Nashville,
dialog: Atlanta, Memphis, Cleveland. And
dialog: computer fraud, identity theft.
dialog: It's like that.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: (to the point)
dialog: Tell them what you want.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: They knew about Alonzo, before he
dialog: made a move on them. They had our
dialog: operation. They've cut into us.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: We don't know.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Break your encryption? Hack your e-
dialog: mail? Employee databases?
dialog: Somebody on the inside?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: We don't know. And that's the
dialog: point. Maybe there's a mole.
dialog: Whatever, it's a disaster. And
dialog: it's a Joint Interagency Task
dialog: Force. I have DEA, ATF, U.S.
dialog: Customs components in on it. So
dialog: the penetration could be from any
dialog: one agency. What we do know is I
dialog: have to suspend operations right
dialog: now from undercover work through
dialog: interdictions 'cause I have to
dialog: assume our Operational Security is
dialog: blown.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: As in, your ass is dead in the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: But Miami PD wasn't part of the
dialog: J.I.T. And from what Alonzo said,
dialog: he didn't give you up.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: So what do you want?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: To recruit you.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: ...I didn't want you around the
dialog: crime scene because it's crawling
dialog: with federal law enforcement. We
dialog: don't know who's straight up, who's
dialog: not...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Recruit us to do what?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Get into business with this crew,
dialog: identify them. Illuminate their
dialog: network. If you're lucky, discover
dialog: their source, how they penetrated
dialog: us. We'll indict and take it from
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: How do we do that? Make a buy?
dialog: (wry)
dialog: That went well...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Reverse undercover? WE supply to
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: They got a steady stream of supply.
dialog: So, no...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: From whom...?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: A Colombian producer. Named
dialog: Archangel de Jesus Montoya-Londono.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Never heard of him.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
text: From the North Valle area. New.
dialog: Low-level, we think.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Aryan brothers are not going to
dialog: change-up suppliers. So...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Transpo? How they bringing the
dialog: loads in...?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: They're not. They collect in
dialog: Miami. Montoya, the producer,
dialog: handles deliveries. That's his
dialog: end, and he varies the routes. We
text: got some FLIR off an AWAC of a
dialog: coupla go-fast boats, on one run,
dialog: that's all.
text: Fujima boots up his military-spec laptop to view the FLIR
text: video. Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Track with me, here...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They knew the "Russians" were
dialog: undercover Feeb? They should have
dialog: no-showed. But, no, these guys
dialog: show anyway, and commit murder upon
dialog: federal officers. And steal all
dialog: your money...
dialog: (beat; to Fujima)
dialog: What does that say to you?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (speculating)
dialog: It says, "We do not fear you."
dialog: (to Fujima)
dialog: It says, "Fuck off and die." It
dialog: says, "We get down for
dialog: recreation..."
text: Fujima's Dell laptop glows to life. Two almost
text: indistinguishable boats and their wakes are SEEN.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (cont'd)
dialog: Blow that up...
text: Crockett's attention goes to something atypical he spots
text: about the wake emerging behind each boat. He exchanges a
text: look with Tubbs. But they say nothing.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (to Crockett)
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: We could try to run loads into
dialog: these guys.
dialog: (to Fujima)
dialog: Run a few loads for Montoya into
dialog: South Florida. Into this group.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: You need to consider a few issues.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: (to Crockett + Tubbs)
dialog: ...you'd be operating outside
dialog: territorial United States. Your
dialog: badges do not count. You have no
dialog: authorization to carry weapons. If
dialog: you're busted, it could take a long
dialog: time to get you re-patriated. And
dialog: there's no backup...
dialog: (to Fujima)
dialog: And you will share with them all
dialog: your intel on Montoya...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: I mean full disclosure.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Of course. From my side, I don't
dialog: WANT to know anything about what
dialog: you're doing or how you do it...
dialog: (to Castillo)
dialog: So let me know if we're on...
text: Fujima splits. Castillo waits until Fujima's car pulls away.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: (to Tubbs)
dialog: About the Stevens family, I'm
dialog: sorry. I know you were close to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: I was the kids' godfather.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: (intuits)
dialog: And...?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: "And" what?
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: I got to know. There is never any
dialog: room for "personal"...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (for Tubbs)
dialog: He is fine. And we know the jokes.
dialog: When it gets vengeful, things get
dialog: messy. When they get messy the
dialog: wrong people die...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Everybody gets it.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: And the answer is "yes."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Before she met Alonzo, once upon a
dialog: time, a long time ago.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You bet it was personal.
text: ...and is now compartmentalized in the past.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (to Crockett)
dialog: What'd you spot...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Three wakes off the back of those
dialog: boats. Who runs three Sterling
text: engines off a deep-V hull?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Sal Maguda.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: He any good?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Oh, yeah...
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: So what's gonna persuade Montoya to
dialog: change off Sal Maguda running his
dialog: deliveries...?
dialog: It's a rhetorical question.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN RIVER - THERMAL IMAGE OF TWO DEEP V-HULL GO-FAST
speaker_heading: BOATS - NIGHT
text: They're two feet out of the water on their dry dock, next to
dialog: a Marine Shed.
dialog: It's an unlikely location because derelict factories, cheap
text: apartments, weeds and marine scrap metal are the
dialog: neighborhood.
scene_heading: EXT. SURVEILLANCE LOCATION - CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: and a SWAT team in the weeds across the river. They include
text: SGT. JEAN-LOUIS BASTIDE, a Haitian in dark sweats. They all
text: are in plain clothes.
speaker_heading: BASTIDE
dialog: Odile, she say they're pregnant...
dialog: We don't know what that means, yet.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Yeah? Okay. Only Jean-Louis and I
dialog: do the talking...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARINE SHED - DOOR - NIGHT
text: Both steel doors EXPLODE as if their molecular structure,
text: itself, disintegrated from one BLAST of Tubbs M-40 grenade-
text: launcher firing a canister of ball bearings like a king-size
dialog: shotgun on steroids as...
speaker_heading: GUARDS
text: react, but Crockett draws down on one with an AK-47. Bastide
text: wounds the second GUARD who had drawn down his H &amp; K. A
text: Third Guard begs to live in French Patois. They own the
dialog: place. And Crockett sees...
text: 800 individually-wrapped bricks of North Valle Colombian
text: cocaine are on a table.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Comme on dit...
dialog: (Like they said...)
speaker_heading: JEAN-LOUIS
dialog: Charger et les recoit d'ici...
dialog: (Load 'em up and get out of
dialog: here...)
speaker_heading: BAD GUY
dialog: You crazy? Que fais-tu?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Que faisons-nous? De qu'a-t-il
dialog: l'air, fou! Nous voulons tous
dialog: votre drugs.
dialog: (What are we doing? What's it look
dialog: like we're doing, fool? We are
dialog: stealing all your dope.)
text: Suburban crashes through the wreckage of the door and backs
text: to the table. Jean-Louis and SWAT #1 start throwing bricks
text: into the back. Tubbs with Crockett exit.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINE SHED - DRY DOCK - CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: approach the two deep V-hull go-fast boats with three engines
text: off the back. Tubbs cracks the breech of the grenade
text: launcher and loads a 40-millimeter shell, while he strolls
dialog: down the dock...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: tosses two Willie Peters (white phosphorus grenades) into the
text: boats. Tubbs fires the M-40 at a third boat, which explodes
dialog: flame, followed by...
scene_heading: TWO CARNATIONS OF WHITE PHOSPHORESCENCE
dialog: destroy the smuggler's Strykers, which we saw in Fujima's
text: video. Crockett + Tubbs have just put Sal Maguda out of
text: business. They walk away and around the side of the shed,
text: disregarding the curious citizens of Little Haiti, come to
dialog: watch the fireworks...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES CL 600 ON A MIAMI STREET - CROCKETT + TUBBS -
scene_heading: BRILLIANT DAYLIGHT
text: drive. Crockett reaches into a paper bag full of cell phones
text: and grabs one. He dials up a number, grabs another and hands
dialog: it to Tubbs.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (in the phone)
dialog: Hey, Sailor...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah, I'm good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Got a hole in the
dialog: calendar...looking to charge up the
dialog: cash flow.
dialog: (waits)
dialog: Yeah, later.
dialog: Crockett struck out. While...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hey, Nicholas, my ace. Wha's up?
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS (V.O.)
dialog: You know. Same old...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: We got idle all of an instant. You
dialog: got something from somewhere that's
dialog: got to go someplace, somewhen,
dialog: which is not too distantly in the
dialog: future...?
scene_heading: INT. COLLINS AVENUE CONDO - NICHOLAS - DAY
dialog: ...the guy with the white hair.
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS
dialog: It is fortuitous that you called...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LA PERLA DISTRICT OF SAN JUAN, PUERTO RICO - TWILIGHT
text: Corrosion and decay. People look coldly at us. Malevolence
text: and malefaction on every corner. No one's picked up the
dialog: garbage for a month. Poverty in the Caribbean half-light...
scene_heading: CROCKETT &amp; TUBBS
text: cross the street to CAMERA from their rental car. The La
dialog: Perla section was a 16th Century haven for pirates. It's had
dialog: little civic improvements in 400 years.
text: They enter a nightclub - shabby neon.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHTCLUB - CROCKETT + TUBBS - TWILIGHT
text: There are no customers. They're cautious. Men stop them
dialog: and frisk them. They expected that.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: We're from Nicholas to meet José...
text: They're waved to the rear. They start towards a back table.
text: A small group of people wait...
scene_heading: OVER CROCKETT + TUBBS APPROACHING: JOSÉ "COCHI LOCO" YERO
dialog: He's a former right-wing Colombian paramilitary from the
text: North Valle near the Pacific coast. He runs operations,
text: communications and security. He has cold eyes and a corpulent
text: face. He's notorious for using torture to ferret-out
dialog: informants. Right now he watches these two Americans
text: approach. Security people are on either side of him.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (extends hand)
dialog: José...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Sonny Burnett...this is my partner,
dialog: Rico.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Sit.
text: As Crockett sits, he notices that at a table a few to the
text: side is a woman. This is ISABELLA. Behind glasses, she
text: seems immobile, filled with intelligence, well-dressed in
text: subdued Tom Ford and staring at him. Reading him. Crockett
text: holds the look that extra beat and turns back to business...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (to Security)
dialog: Dos café.
text: He's security, not a fucking waiter. But Yero nods.
text: Security fetches coffee, anyway.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: So lay it out, my brother...
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Nicholas said you okay. That's
dialog: nice. But how I know if you any
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Who you run loads for? Cause other
dialog: than Nicholas, you knows you?
text: Tubbs looks at Crockett. They thought it was a done deal.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (dark)
dialog: My mommy and daddy know me.
text: Isabella tilts her head imperceptibly.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: And we didn't come down here to
dialog: audition. Business auditions for
dialog: us...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...and know who we are and know
dialog: they want their load run by us
text: before Nicholas calls.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: That way we do not waste AvGas or
dialog: our motherfucking time.
text: Yero's security reacts to the tone and raises weapons. A few
text: start up out of their chair as...
speaker_heading: ZITO + SWITEK
text: appear at the door, SMGs from shoulder straps. Zito flips a
text: D14 hand grenade which Crockett snatches out of the air,
text: pulls the pin and slams on the table. Everyone FREEZES.
text: Only Crockett's hand pressure restrains the clip.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (cont'd)
dialog: (goes right up in Yero's
dialog: face)
dialog: You want to "know" shit? Who the
dialog: fuck are you? You got a side deal
dialog: with U.S. Customs to open up the
dialog: coast in a few spots...in exchange
dialog: you flip them some gringo runners?
dialog: Like us...?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: You wearing a wire?
text: Tubbs rips open Yero's shirt.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Or DEA? The Feeb?
text: Yero's shirt...open to the waist. No wire. Yero's furious.
text: Yero's people have weapons pointed their way. They outnumber
text: Switek and Zito. Slack's taken up on triggers. It's on the
text: edge. And the edge is overloaded. Tubbs reads that, warns
dialog: Yero...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: People gonna walk into this place
dialog: and say, "Ola, hijo! That some
dialog: crazy wallpaper. Whew...it wild!
dialog: Is that a Jackson Pollack?"
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: "No, viejo. That was José Yero,
text: splattered all over his
dialog: motherfucking wall."
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: So we can close each other's eyes
dialog: right now. Real easy. Real fast.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But, then, nobody makes any
dialog: money...
text: Yero gestures his security to calm down....one notch.
text: Crockett and Tubbs still hold the grenades.
text: Then Crockett opens his shirt. No wires. So does Tubbs.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (flat)
dialog: Equipment?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: Slow and low, Adam A-500s...
dialog: (Yero looks quizzical)
dialog: ...carbon composite, stealthy, 1400
dialog: nautical-mile range, thousand ki
dialog: payload...all the way to Caravels
dialog: and 727's from a source country to
text: a transshipment point. Small
dialog: freighters. We've done
dialog: containers...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: And specialize in very fast go-fast
dialog: boats for coastal runs.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: What kind of weight?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: We don't talk weight. We talk
dialog: logistics.
text: Isabella sits, watching this. She drinks her coffee.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO (cont'd)
dialog: You get longs and lats for the
dialog: pickup. Open ocean. You run it
dialog: in. On shore, our people receive
dialog: the loads.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: The people on shore who handle a
dialog: load we run are our people, not your
dialog: people. No tweakers, dopers, first-
dialog: timers we don't know. They didn't
dialog: do time with us, they ain't doing
dialog: crime with us.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: What you get from us is a date. A
dialog: place. "In the parking lot of a
dialog: Jack-in-the-Box in north Miami." At
dialog: such-and-such time, an eighteen-
dialog: wheeler will be there. Keys in the
dialog: ignition. Ready to roll. You pick
dialog: it up. And you drive it...
dialog: (waves his left hand)
dialog: ...away.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Money thing is done in advance in
text: places where there are no guns.
dialog: Because when money and guns get
dialog: together, there is violence...
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: You afraid of violence?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: I am not John Wayne. There is no
dialog: "S" on his chest. We get down if
dialog: the play calls for it. But we are
dialog: into business and making money.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: And violence is extra. And
dialog: expensive. So how much weight you
dialog: looking to move?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Nothing. 'Cause how you do
dialog: delivery on the beach, I don't
dialog: like. Maybe this does not work.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Then it don't work.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: What happened to the last
dialog: transporter you had?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: What do you care?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (to Crockett)
dialog: Do we need this...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Red light, green light, José?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (doesn't answer, leans
dialog: back)
dialog: I'm also called "Cochi Loco." That
dialog: means "Crazy pig." 'Cause I
dialog: enforce security and get people to
dialog: tell me what I need to know. That
dialog: part of what I do, you never want
dialog: to find out about.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Other people will negotiate the
dialog: money and go or not go. Not me...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Then what were we talking to you
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: I had to lay eyes on you.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: And...?
text: Isabella watches Crockett...
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (to Tubbs)
dialog: You seem okay.
dialog: (to Tubbs re: Crockett)
dialog: But him? I don't like... how he
dialog: looks...
dialog: Everything goes from tense to lethal. Has Yero made them?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: What do I care what you think about
dialog: how he looks? You wanna fuck my
dialog: partner or do business?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Wait by the phone.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You get a call. Or maybe you
dialog: don't. Until then, piss off back
dialog: to where you come from...
text: Crockett flips the hand grenade and catches it with his left
text: hand...and he drops it in front of José Yero. It spins on
text: the table. He had reinserted the pin. And they back out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI SAFE HOUSE - TUBBS IN THE SHOWER - NIGHT
text: Contemplative. Offscreen a door opens. Entering is Gina
text: Calabrese. She's naked. She washes his back. She dumps too
text: much shampoo on his head. He tries to clear it from his
text: eyes. Laughs. They start to make love under the water, in
text: the steam, through the misted glass, offscreen we hear an
dialog: engine rumble...
speaker_heading: CLOSER: GINA
dialog: Somebody's coming.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: ...Sonny can wait.
text: Tubbs and Gina are not random lovers, they're in love. The
text: look in her eyes, the openness is pure femininity behind the
text: Bronx presentation. She smiles, touches the side of his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: EXT. SAFE HOUSE, ON THE INDIAN RIVER - CROCKETT - NIGHT
text: ties up a 75' Sun Seeker. It looks like a 38' deep-V
text: offshore racer on growth hormones. Crockett's alone, as dusk
text: fades over the '60's ranch house on the river. It's under
text: tropical trees, with one strip of white neon utility lighting
text: outlining the flat eave.
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE, KITCHEN - CROCKETT
text: let himself in. He's at a kitchen stool at the counter when
text: Tubbs enters in sweats.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Nothing.
text: Gina enters in a robe...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (beat)
dialog: "Hi, Gina. Hi, Sonny."
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Hi, Gina.
dialog: (putting shopping bag on
dialog: table)
dialog: This is from Frick and Frack.
dialog: Trudy?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (re: bag)
dialog: What do we got?
text: Crockett pulls out three overly-large cell phones...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Satellite. New encryption.
dialog: Supposedly sharper than the G...
dialog: (to Gina)
dialog: How good's our background?
text: Tubbs and Crockett look at the Mac screen as Gina boots it
text: up. Gina's fingers tap dance on the keyboard.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You're so not the PD, if you got
dialog: busted on a DUI, you're in serious
dialog: trouble...you're bad men back to
dialog: grammar school.
dialog: (to Tubbs)
text: San Quentin. Pelican Bay.
dialog: (to Crockett)
text: Marine Corps. Statesville.
dialog: Pelican Bay, where you guys hooked
dialog: up. Now you're too smart and too
dialog: fast to get jacked again...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: How will it stand up?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: If they ran the rental car or lease
dialog: on this place...even if it's EPIC
dialog: database in El Paso...they'd have
dialog: to work through the layers of
dialog: bullshit three weeks deep. Then
dialog: they'd find your deeper, hidden
dialog: criminal selves...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - BAD 3 AM TELEVISION - LATER
text: No one's watching it.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - GINA
text: asleep. Tubbs' eyes are wide open, staring...
scene_heading: INT. SECOND BEDROOM - ECU: PAGER
text: lights up. Beeps. Crockett's hand grabs it. It's the
text: summons from José Yero.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - GINA - PRE-DAWN
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (Lazily)
dialog: What am I supposed to do after I
dialog: get my nails and hair done...?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: Reality TV and stay by the phone.
dialog: That's what all wives-in-crime
dialog: do...
text: He leans over and kisses her. She holds firmly the back of
text: his neck and looks into his eyes.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Be...careful... You hear me?
text: He winks at her in assurance and he's gone. Her lazy smile
text: drops off. "Careful"...she's not so sure he will be...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEAR 55 JET - TUBBS PILOTS
text: Crockett in the copilot seat. Switek and Zito are in the
text: back, barely awake. Zito hands out coffee. Switek's
text: stashing weapons behind the fuselage upholstery. Tubbs is
dialog: clearing US air space as we...
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - AERIAL: LEAR JET
text: rockets through cumulonimbus against a black sky up to 35,000
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Where we meeting 'em...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Port-Au-Prince.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT-AU-PRINCE AIRPORT, RUNWAY - LEAR JET - DAWN
text: touches down, drives towards us... Turns towards commercial
dialog: aviation facility...
speaker_heading: CLOSER: HATCH
text: opens. Switek and Zito emerge to rental cars with two car-
text: rental clerks waiting...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PORT-AU-PRINCE HOTEL ROOM - DOOR - DAY
text: Crockett and Tubbs make a careful entry. Hands on weapons,
dialog: carrying bags...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: What do we got?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Five minutes...
text: We see TRADECRAFT. They clear the room. They check for bugs
text: and external surveillance. They pull curtains. Tubbs from a
text: bag pulls a scanner. Under the two beds. Behind the
text: picture. The lamp. The telephone. Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: "traps" the room to reveal if it had been searched while they
text: were gone. He aligns the suitcase perfectly parallel on the
text: bench. A matchstick goes against the closed closet door. A
text: ballpoint pen is leaned against the telephone.
speaker_heading: TUBBS (cont'd)
dialog: ...show time.
text: From his bag Tubbs pulls a Smith &amp; Wesson J-frame hammerless
text: in .357 Magnum. He holsters this on his ankle. A Remington
text: 780 shotgun with pistol grip, sawed-off to a 12-inch barrel
text: gets slung on a bungee-cord shoulder strap under his right
text: arm. .9mm under his shirt in his waistband and two spare
text: magazines clipped to his belt.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: loads a .45 "race" gun with rounded sights and a magna-ported
text: barrel, cross-drawn, and a blunt .45 Para-Ordnance in the
text: small of his back. They're ready.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - THEIR DOOR
text: opens. Crockett "traps" that door, too, with a small piece
dialog: of tape.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT + TUBBS
dialog: All of it tells us that where they are and where they're
dialog: going is a high wire act without a net. No backup. Their
dialog: badges don't work. There is no law; there is no order. They
dialog: are in a state of nature where people get killed for their
dialog: shoes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PORT-AU-PRINCE CEMETERY (HAITI) - CROCKETT + TUBBS -
speaker_heading: LATE AFTERNOON
text: wait. Shadows on white limestone monuments. Bird songs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: WHITE MAUSOLEUMS - DUSK
text: They wait. And wait. And nothing happens.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: They watching us watching them
dialog: watching us waiting for them? Or
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Who knows...
dialog: Still apprehensive, concluding they're victims of a "no-
dialog: show"...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: That's it.
dialog: They split.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - THIRD FLOOR CORRIDOR - CROCKETT + TUBBS -
speaker_heading: TWILIGHT
text: approach their door. Crockett stops. The tape "trap" is
text: torn. Weapons appear in their hands. Someone's been here.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: enter stealthily. Then, they relax. They need not have
dialog: bothered being so careful about detecting a clandestine
dialog: surveillance.
scene_heading: OVER CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: The room is overtly destroyed. Not one piece of furniture is
text: unbroken. Walls have been opened. Pictures ripped.
text: Curtains. Their stuff's strewn all over. And, then...
speaker_heading: DOORS CRASH
text: in. HAITIAN PARAMILITARY in soccer jerseys and shorts with
dialog: assault rifles...
scene_heading: BEDROOM DOORWAY - FOUR MORE PARAMILITARY
text: AK's are aimed at Crockett and Tubbs' heads. Crockett's .45
text: and his Para-Ordnance are in each hand. Tubbs' shotgun is
text: aimed at the front door, his .9mm at the men streaming in the
text: windows. Frozen moment. A woman's voice...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (O.S.)
dialog: (to Crockett)
dialog: Put your guns on the table...
dialog: (enters, sits)
dialog: If we wanted you dead, you would no
dialog: longer be drawing breath in Miami.
dialog: We wouldn't have brought you all
dialog: the way here.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Really? So, what is this, a party?
text: Crockett + Tubbs put down their weapons.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: We'll have room service wipe up the
dialog: furniture...and bring drinks.
text: Isabella says something in French. The Cops ease-up.
text: Isabella's personal security frisks Crockett + Tubbs and
text: remain. Paramilitary leave.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Glad we came. This place is a lot
dialog: of fun if you're Doctors Without
dialog: Borders. So...?
text: Isabella takes off her glasses. She's Afro-Cuban.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: I run down the numbers. Nothing is
dialog: very negotiable. Small loads? We
dialog: pay three thousand a ki.
dialog: We pay your fuel costs up front
dialog: plus ten percent. The next ten
dialog: percent on U.S. landfall.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Define small.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Two, three thousand a ki.
dialog: Two thousand ki's, your end is
dialog: $6,000,000.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Complex transshipments or dealing
dialog: with containers, these have front-
dialog: loaded costs we pickup.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For this kind of weight, the
dialog: balance of 80% is when our buyer
text: picks up the load.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Transactions are offshore. Dollars
dialog: or euros. Secure internet
dialog: transfers. We have lists of Cayman
dialog: and Isle of Man banks infiltrated
dialog: by IRS, to be avoided...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No transactions of cash or other
dialog: banking instruments take place on
dialog: U.S. soil...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's the deal.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: I thought we had to meet the Man.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: You do.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Right now.
text: As she leaves...
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - CROCKETT + TUBBS - NIGHT
text: in the back seat on a rural road. Isabella is not with them.
text: One of her Russians is. In the front seat, his SMG is ready;
text: his eyes never leave Crockett and Tubbs.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - CARAVAN
text: A military Hummer in the front carries Isabella with her
text: security. Behind is a crew cab with bench seats loaded with
dialog: Haitian paramilitary.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - TUBBS
text: They approach a town. He nudges Crockett. A police
text: roadblock's ahead.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: has seen something else. He indicates the pager on his
dialog: waist.
scene_heading: TUBBS' POV: PAGER - NO SIGNAL
text: That's what's surprising. Tubbs pulls his cell phone.
text: Meanwhile, they're slowing down for the police roadblock.
text: Crockett gets tense...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: watches. His cell's SIGNAL STRENGTH INDICATOR steps down to
dialog: zero.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE ROADBLOCK - COPS
dialog: stop the caravan. Is this turning bad?
scene_heading: INT. CAR - CROCKETT
dialog: alarmed.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADBLOCK - HAITIAN COPS
text: check under the vehicles with mirrors. See all the weapons.
text: Salute. Usher the convoy past.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: exchange a look. Then they get it. The cops work as
text: security for the narcotrafficker. The caravan advances
text: towards a major intersection. This one is blocked-off by
dialog: Haitian military.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND CHECKPOINT - CAR DOOR
text: is snatched open. Haitian soldiers search Crockett and
text: Tubbs. They defer to the Russian-speaking security.
text: Mercedes pulls forward...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: eyes his pager; Tubbs his cell phone: no signal in an urban
dialog: area? Blocking signal traffic is something the CIA does over
dialog: Baghdad. It's not supposed to be happening in Haiti on a
dialog: dope deal.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT + TUBBS
text: SEE a third circle of security approach.
scene_heading: PRIVATE-SECTOR TYPES IN BUSINESS SUITS
text: carrying automatic weapons, some more casually dressed, some
text: with night-vision goggles. The vehicles stop.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE
text: Crockett and Tubbs are directed to get out. They're pushed
text: around and searched. A working class Glaswegion Scot, a
text: couple of 5'10" Brits are off to the side with short hair and
text: shoulders that are too deep and faces like Rugby players (ex-
text: SAS). Russians are ex-KGB. Languages overheard: smatterings
text: of Russian, Hebrew and English. Crockett and Tubbs look at
dialog: each other: they get it. This is the cream of private
dialog: sector security. And it says top dollar infrastructure.
scene_heading: THEY + WE SEE: EXT. TOWN SQUARE
text: Four avenues lead in. Each avenue is blocked. The square is
text: closed down to vehicles and pedestrians. Locals have
text: disappeared. In the center of the square are FOUR MATCHING
scene_heading: BLACK SUBURBANS.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: gestures to Tubbs to look up. They see...
scene_heading: ROOFTOPS: TWO-MAN TEAMS - SNIPER + SPOTTER
dialog: with night-vision goggles...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT + TUBBS
dialog: are clean.
scene_heading: CROCKETT, TUBBS + ISABELLA
text: cross through a no-man's land. It feels like being in the
dialog: open in Kosovo.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: checks out the first Suburban's uplink satellite dish on a
text: hydraulic mast. The rear's converted into computer equipment
text: sitting in ruggedized racks...
scene_heading: INT. SECOND SUBURBAN - WIDE
text: Doors open. The interior has been converted into a
text: luxurious, limo-like office with swivel seats. Isabella
text: followed by Crockett and Tubbs enter. It's occupied by
text: ARCHANGEL DE JESUS MONTOYA-LONDONO. He's not flashy. He has
text: smooth skin, slightly opalescent, black eyes. His right arm
text: is normal length, but shriveled.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: Please take that seat on the
dialog: side...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: (polite, friendly)
dialog: Excuse me because I am very busy
dialog: and have many things to do, so this
dialog: will be brief. Yes?
dialog: (beat; not waiting)
dialog: We will try you on a "run." One.
dialog: To build trust. We do a thousand
dialog: kis. In all matters, when you work
dialog: for us, you must do exactly what
dialog: you say you will do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In this business with me, if you
dialog: say you will do a thing, you must
dialog: do exactly that thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then? You will prosper beyond your
dialog: dreams and you can live in Miami in
dialog: millionaire style.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you are arrested, there will be
dialog: lawyers made available to you in
dialog: the United States. You will use
dialog: them. Anything you need, you will
dialog: be provided by me. It cost you
dialog: nothing. You will contact and work
dialog: through José Yero on logistics and
dialog: communications. To do with money,
dialog: you will work through my wife,
dialog: Isabella...
text: Crockett notices that Montoya lightly holds her hand. It's
text: confident. And he sees the slight smile on Isabella's face
text: as she watches he and Tubbs...
speaker_heading: MONTOYA (cont'd)
dialog: More than I, in finance and
dialog: business, she is very dangerous. I
dialog: look forward to our doing work
dialog: together. Whether we do or not, it
dialog: is unlikely we will meet again. So
dialog: I extend my best wishes to your
dialog: families...
dialog: (to Tubbs)
dialog: Particularly to your beautiful
dialog: wife.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thank you for making this long trip
dialog: to see me...
text: Dismissed, they exit.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - EXTREMELY CLOSE: TUBBS
text: Subterranean alarms are going off. Tubbs finds himself in
text: this small city, occupied by narcotraffickers and their
text: security in the middle of nowhere. Urgency agitates Tubbs.
dialog: He controls it...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: in the town square, now, too. But Isabella stayed inside
text: Montoya's Suburban. Now, she lowers her window.
speaker_heading: ROADBLOCKS
text: break up. Montoya's Suburbans pull out. The security cordon
text: deforms. It all disappears around them. It leaves only the
text: Mercedes, a driver, and Crockett and Tubbs...
speaker_heading: CLOSER: CROCKETT
text: looks after the caravan.
scene_heading: CROCKETT'S POV: ISABELLA'S EYES
text: in the side-view mirror on the passenger side. She is
text: looking at him.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: holds that look.
text: ISABELLA'S EYES IN THE MIRROR
dialog: holds his.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Sound deadens. His attention is on the woman in the
text: mirror...until it's broken by Tubbs' attention to his cell
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: TUBBS' CELL PHONE
text: Signal strength returns. Tubbs punches in numbers.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (low)
dialog: ...who did we just meet?
text: He waits. A phone rings. It's picked up by Gina.
speaker_heading: GINA (O.S.)
dialog: Hello...?
text: Tubbs is relieved...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Yes. What's up?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Nothing. Calling to say hi...
dialog: What's up with you?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE, KITCHEN - GINA
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Bored.
dialog: To Tubbs, that's good news.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Okay...see you soon.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: ...and thanks for the flowers.
scene_heading: EXT. HAITIAN TOWN SQUARE - TUBBS
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: What flowers?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: The bouquet, here. Five-hundred
text: dollars worth of roses...yellow.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: There a note?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You mean with the flowers...?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: What's it say?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: "Salutations from the south..."
text: A deep chill.
speaker_heading: GINA (cont'd)
dialog: I...I thought it was from you.
dialog: 
text: And, now, she gets it. Gina is in the kitchen. Alone, in
text: their secret safe-house location. She and Tubbs have nothing
text: to say. He looks to Crockett. The message from Montoya-
dialog: Londono is clear: I know you. I can reach out and locate
dialog: you our yours. Anytime. YOU ARE NOT SAFE.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: We're on our way...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - GINA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: TUBBS (O.S.)
dialog: (forced casual)
dialog: So why don't you...meet the
dialog: plane...
dialog: We sense this is code. It means get the fuck out of there
dialog: right now!
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Good idea.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We'll grab a bite.
text: Gina ends the call, drops to the floor to the wall, kills the
text: lights, holds her Sig .9mm at her side as she moves deeper
dialog: into the interior...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CUBAN CAFE ON CALLE OCHO, MIAMI - TUBBS + GINA - 4 AM
text: Close on their two faces. He's holding her hand under the
text: table. The noise of the surrounding crowd is a ROAR. That's
dialog: the idea. They want their words buried under noise...
scene_heading: PAST GINA: CROCKETT
text: discreetly at the door, watching the street. Trudy, Switek
text: and Zito are at adjacent tables.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: ...the lease, the phones, the
text: cars...layers of false ident.
dialog: Would take the FBI weeks. How long
dialog: did it take them? Three hours?
dialog: Four?
dialog: (re: the note)
dialog: This means, "We can reach out and
dialog: touch somebody." Like Bad
dialog: Teleflora.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (cuts in)
dialog: ...even if they could run the
dialog: identities you built to EPIC, all
dialog: they'll find is more cover...
dialog: Trust what you built. It's
dialog: quality, girl. We're cool...
speaker_heading: GINA
text: (leans in; holds his hand
dialog: tighter)
dialog: ...you are trying to reassure me
dialog: because you know when people get
text: anxious, they make mistakes.
dialog: You're worried about me. Do not
dialog: be.
dialog: (into his eyes)
dialog: I am careful. I am cool. I got
dialog: Trudy, backup, whatever. You worry
dialog: about you. Because you are the
dialog: ones who are in denied territory,
dialog: not me. If your focus is on me,
dialog: you'll miss something coming at
dialog: you. That's how people slip up.
dialog: Get hurt. And I'd die if anything
dialog: happened. You worry about you.
dialog: You and Sonny...are in the
dialog: dangerous place. I'm fine...
text: Gina leans back in her chair. Their eyes still connect
text: across the distance between them. Their hands still touch.
speaker_heading: GINA (cont'd)
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Fuck 'em. They sent us some
dialog: flowers. Big deal. Thanks for the
dialog: flowers...
text: Gina Calabrese shrugs. Tubbs laughs, and we are...
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - BEDROOM - 4 AM
text: Low music. Dark shadows. Half-light washes the walls from
text: passing headlights. Tubbs are Gina are naked. It's the
text: lovemaking of a man and a woman when they hold precious the
dialog: moments they have because they know that in these moments
text: they are safe. And that the present is fleeting. And they
dialog: know their time together is about luck. Because life is
text: short. Departure is imminent. Nothing lives forever. It's
text: in their faces and their eyes...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHACK (GUAJIRA PENINSULA, COLOMBIA) - CROCKETT - DAWN
text: A lantern lights his face. The night is soft. Crockett's
text: with a couple of campesinos, playing poker and drinking beer.
dialog: Whoever's shack this is, is a Tupac Shakur freak. His image
text: is on all the walls. A diesel truck starts and pulls away
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING STRIP - TUBBS - NIGHT
text: checking the cargo tie-downs inside an A-500 Adam aircraft.
text: He's sweating. His shirt's off. The cargo is ten black
text: plastic-wrapped and taped bundles. Like any good pilot,
text: Tubbs trusts nobody but himself to tie-down the load. The
text: rear seats are removed. There's a plastic bladder holding a
text: reserve of 50 gallons of AvGas.
scene_heading: INT. SHACK - CROCKETT
text: wins. The girls shriek. Crockett pushes the money towards
text: the Campesinos. They refuse. Crockett insists. One will
dialog: only accept the money if Crockett accepts his Randall hunting
text: knife. He does. Tubbs is in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: We set.
text: Crockett kisses the girls, gracious about the gift. Tubbs
text: looks out into the night.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: To the limit.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: You worried about the tree line, US
dialog: Customs AWACS, or something else on
dialog: your mind?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Like...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Gina in the Miami pad.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: You gonna give me phony denials?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You gonna give me phony
dialog: reassurances?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Good. So let's go...
text: They head toward the strange-looking plane. It's a single
text: fuselage with two propellers...one at the nose, one at the
text: tail. Off the wings are two booms that connect to a rear
text: wing. It's a Burt Rutan aircraft design.
text: There is neither metal nor exposed exhausts for radar or IF
dialog: to spot. It does 200 knots at 22,000 feet. It'll fly,
dialog: forever, 1,000 kilos of flake worth $23 million, and the
dialog: total air weight is less than two Bentleys. It's the
text: smuggler's dream airplane.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING STRIP - END OF RUNWAY - A-500 ADAMS
text: heads for the tree-line. It will not make it. At the last
text: moment, Tubbs pulls back the stick and the plane lofts over
text: the trees, clipping the tops...
scene_heading: INT. A-500 - CROCKETT
text: throws a look sideways at Tubbs.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - A-500
text: airborne over the Caribbean, heading north...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (O.S.)
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Transglobal Airlines flight zero-
text: zero-zero...is in the air...
speaker_heading: ZITO (V.O.)
dialog: Roger that.
scene_heading: INT. A-500 - CROCKETT - MUCH LATER
text: is dozing. A signal.
text: Tubbs points up and to the right. Crockett wakes, looks. An
text: Aero Commander Turbo Twin is paralleling the A-500's course.
text: Now, it slides over them...almost into a collision. It sits
text: right over the A-500, separated by only 75 feet.
scene_heading: INT. OPA-LOCKA AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL - TRAFFIC CONTROLLER - DAY
text: handling a myriad of flights, reacts. On his radar he sees
text: next to the image of the Aero Commander, a ghost image....
scene_heading: AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER
dialog: Eleven-ten, Sierra, do you have a
dialog: visual on another aircraft...?
scene_heading: INT. AERO COMMANDER - SWITEK + ZITO - DAY
text: Switek is flying and looks down at the A-500 below...
speaker_heading: ZITO
dialog: Negative, Opa-Locka.
scene_heading: INT. OPA-LOCKA AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL - TRAFFIC CONTROLLER
text: keys his radio.
scene_heading: AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER
dialog: Opa-Locka Air Traffic Control to
dialog: JIT 0-seven-six-Nellie-Charlie...
speaker_heading: AWAC (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Opa-Locka. What's up?
scene_heading: AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER
dialog: I've got an Aero Commander coming
text: in on a two-seventy-nine heading,
dialog: but I had a double image...like
dialog: there's another plane there, now
dialog: I'm only picking up on one. What
dialog: do you read?
scene_heading: INT. US CUSTOMS AWAC - RADAR OFFICER
speaker_heading: RADAR OFFICER
dialog: Let me see...
text: His FLIR (Forward Looking Infrared) picks up Switek and
text: Zito's Air Commander. He flips through all the different
dialog: modalities of detection, including thermography, for anything
dialog: else suspicious in the airspace...
speaker_heading: AWAC RADAR OFFICER
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: Too many Mai Tais at lunch...
dialog: You're seeing double. One blip.
text: One plane.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - SIDE SHOT: THE AERO COMMANDER LIKE A PANCAKE ON
text: TOP OF THE A-500 RIGHT BELOW IT
dialog: We get the joke. The A-500 with its stealthiness under the
text: Aero Commander together like a single footprint.
scene_heading: AERIAL ANGLE: TWO PLANES
text: piggybacked, enter US airspace and cross the coastline into
dialog: Florida.
text: From underneath, the Aero Commander sweeps to the right on
text: approach as Tubbs radically dives for the trees, hugging the
dialog: contour at 220 knots at 150 feet...having snuck this plane
dialog: and its load into the United States of America.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CIRCLE 6 MOTEL, PARKING LOT - U-HAUL-IT TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Alone in the acid-yellow glare of the sodium vapor lights.
dialog: We wait. We don't know why we're here.
scene_heading: PARKING LOT PERIMETER - SAWGRASS
text: MOVE IN...and we REVEAL staked-out are Crockett, Jean-Louis
dialog: and Tubbs...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Neptune gonna show?
dialog: We don't know who he's talking about.
speaker_heading: JEAN-LOUIS
dialog: Oh, he'll show. This is his kind
dialog: of deal. Crime on crime. Who's
dialog: gonna call the cops?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Usually his thing is street
dialog: dealers. Torture their families
text: until they cough up the stash.
dialog: This...?
speaker_heading: JEAN-LOUIS
dialog: He's ambitious.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Heads up...
speaker_heading: ESCALADE
text: Lights off. Cruises through the parking lot past the U-Haul-
text: It to the other side and disappears.
speaker_heading: TUBBS (cont'd)
dialog: That's slick: Neptune's Escalade's
dialog: worth more than the real estate.
dialog: But no one's supposed to notice his
dialog: drive-by?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Here's another incognito genius...
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE: MALIBU SS
text: cruises the other end of the parking lot. The Escalade
text: returns. All's clear. Both converge around the U-Haul-It
text: truck. Out of the Escalade steps NEPTUNE - 6'4", narrow-
text: shouldered and bald. From the Malibu and back of the
text: Escalade, Four more Haitian ZO POUNDERS with handguns,
dialog: shotguns and shades...
speaker_heading: NEPTUNE
text: pops the lock on the U-Haul-It with a crowbar. He rolls up
text: the door expecting millions worth of cocaine. Instead he
text: comes face to face with the barrel of a 12-gauge...
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: April Fool, motherfucker.
text: Trudy whips the butt end of the shotgun around, caving in
text: Neptune's cheekbone and nose...
speaker_heading: WIDER - NEPTUNE
text: goes down for the count. Switek - under the truck - rolls
text: out. Crockett, Tubbs with shotguns, Jean-Louis and Zito with
text: CAR-15s emerge from the perimeter with bright lights on
dialog: shouting for the Haitians to freeze...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (Patois)
dialog: Arrete! Arrete! Freeze!
dialog: (to one)
dialog: Et vous, mo-fo!
text: A 250-lb. ZO POUNDER brings up his weapon. Crockett BLOWS
text: the guy's legs out from under him. Zito disarms him. The
text: other two are disarmed.
speaker_heading: NEPTUNE
text: is rolled over by Crockett. He plastic-ties his wrists and
text: feet. Others are manhandled...
speaker_heading: JEAN-LOUIS
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Get the fuck in the truck...!
text: Zo Pounders, plastic-tied, are thrown into the truck with the
text: thousand kilos of cocaine. But not Neptune. The gate is
text: rolled down and padlocked.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - CROCKETT - NIGHT
text: staring at his satellite cell. Waiting. He looks out the
text: window at the passing river. Soft voices from another
text: room...probably Tubbs and Gina. It's five in the morning.
text: It rings. He answers.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO (O.S.)
dialog: Client got delivery. But there
dialog: were..."extras" in the back of the
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: "Extras" tried to relieve us of
dialog: your weight...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And by the by, you know of a player
dialog: in Overtown who goes by the name of
dialog: "Things Aquatic"?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: I do. We don't do business with
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: He tried to..."do business"...with
dialog: you. Around ten. His place. Be
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: I'll be there.
scene_heading: EXT. OVERTOWN STREET - JOSÉ YERO IN A TINTED EXCURSION - DAY
text: cruises storefront churches, chacouteries, Baptist missions,
text: Haitian restaurants and palm trees. Men in dark trousers and
text: white shirts lean in doorways. The SUV preceding Yero stops
text: three houses before us. The Excursion with Yero stops two
text: houses beyond. Security - very casually - deploys. NOW,
text: Yero approaches...seen through the curtains of the window
text: we're looking through. Reveal Tubbs watching.
text: And, he crosses to the door and opens it as Yero cautiously
text: enters.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - YERO
text: And his face registers surprise.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Look familiar?
speaker_heading: DOPE
text: Carefully stacked in the living room are the PLASTIC-WRAPPED
text: BRICKS OF COCAINE THAT CROCKETT AND TUBBS STOLE FROM SAL
text: MAGUDA'S WAREHOUSE WHEN THEY BLEW UP HIS BOATS.
text: Hog-tied and bleeding all over his clothes, in the corner is
text: Neptune. His mouth is taped. He's shaking his
text: head...disclaiming, disowning and disavowing...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: This the load you lost a while
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: It is. He try to take tonight's
dialog: load?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: And what do I do with him?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Whatever you want. Like we said,
dialog: we're not into violence.
text: Yero looks around the corner and sees Switek and Zito in the
text: dining room, casually at ease with Galil assault
dialog: rifles...meaning "don't even think about it"...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AN EMPTY MANSION - JOSÉ YERO - DAY
text: The empty mansion is on its own peninsula. Through the
text: windows we see a yacht and Crockett's 48' Stryker, its canopy
text: open but without its racing supergraphics. The mansion
dialog: interior...all Beaumaniers limestone...is devoid of all
text: furnishing. They sit on white plastic garden chairs from
dialog: Sears.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: I walk into Neptune's house...very
dialog: nice. But I also see you... and
dialog: our drugs that got ripped from
dialog: Maguda.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: You don't like us finding your
dialog: load? We can go and lose it all
dialog: over again...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: How 'bout this? How'd Neptune know
dialog: where to hit us? Huh? Whose Op
dialog: sec's got a leak? Yours?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: What'd Neptune tell you?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: He didn't. Interrogation's not in
dialog: our skill set.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So c'mon, what suspicions have you
dialog: master-minded off these
dialog: associations?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (whispers in Spanish to
dialog: Isabella)
dialog: Here's what this is...ask how much
dialog: they want to turn back to us our
dialog: load...
dialog: Yero's certain about their motive.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: We want it back.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: What's the recovery? How much are
dialog: you looking for?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (to Crockett)
dialog: How much we looking for?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: What's "nothing"?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Nothing. As in "free, gratis."
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: And as an investment in the
dialog: future...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
text: (takes off her glasses and
dialog: looks at Crockett)
dialog: "Future" of...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: A fine...business...relationship...
text: She holds Crockett's look...as she did before.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: It's yours cause what's yours, is
dialog: yours. And what's ours is ours...
dialog: (to Yero)
dialog: ...like the second ten-percent,
dialog: which is now due, Yero, my ace.
text: Isabella gestures. Yero kicks across the floor a cardboard
text: box full of money. Tubbs glances inside. Doesn't count it.
speaker_heading: TUBBS (cont'd)
dialog: What's up next? Or is this a one-
dialog: time deal?
dialog: Isabella decides.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (to Yero)
dialog: Give them the shipment on the
dialog: seventeenth...
text: Yero doesn't like it. She gestures "do it."
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Conveyance?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Maritime. Jose will fill you in.
text: And she starts to leave...and sensing Crockett's gotten up
text: and follows her. Meanwhile
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (to Yero)
dialog: Lay it out...
text: And Crockett, close behind Isabella, now...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (low)
dialog: There is one thing you can do for
dialog: me in recognition of the death-
dialog: defying risks we took to recover
dialog: your product...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (low)
dialog: And what is that?
text: This is the wife of narcotrafficker Archangel de Jesus
dialog: Montoya-Londono.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Let me buy you a drink.
text: Isabella pauses. Crockett may get killed right now. They're
text: near the open doors to the patio.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (low)
dialog: What do you like to drink?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (low)
dialog: I'm a fiend for mojitas.
text: Isabella looks over at Crockett's boat. Back to Crockett...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (low)
dialog: How fast does that go?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: It goes very fast.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Show me...?
text: Isabella and Crockett head outside towards the dock, Tubbs
dialog: overtakes...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Can I talk to you for a second,
dialog: partner...?
text: They step aside.
speaker_heading: TUBBS (cont'd)
dialog: (low, re: Isabella)
dialog: Wha's up...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (low)
dialog: I know what I'm doing.
text: And he leaves to help Isabella board. Switek unties and
text: pushes off the boat. Looking out the window at them is José
text: Yero, as perplexed as Tubbs, who covers...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: ...secure satellite comms.
text: encrypted e-mail, the longs and
dialog: lats for the transshipment
dialog: point...all that? It's all cool.
dialog: But I need a vector, not a
dialog: location. 'Cause ships move.
dialog: That's why they call them ships.
dialog: Ship stops? It's trying to be an
text: apartment building. At sea that
dialog: attracts attention. That's bad...
dialog: Meanwhile...
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER, CABIN - CROCKETT + ISABELLA
text: pulling away from the docks at 12 knots, repressing the
text: thunder of the 2,700-horsepower engines. Crockett leaves the
text: canopy slid back. They're open to the air. He gives
text: Isabella headsets so they can talk over the roar. The wind
text: starts to move her hair. She's not sure how to put on the
text: headset.
text: Crockett lets the boat rock over the swells while he arranges
text: her headset around her ears. His fingers brush her hair,
dialog: touch her skin...
text: It was not intentional. But the look in Crockett's eyes is
text: as if a small voltage passed through him.
text: He plugs her headset into the dash, regains the wheel, shoves
text: the throttles forward and...
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN OCEAN - "BORN TO WIN"
text: cuts and then leaps over swells. In seven seconds they're
text: doing over 70 knots. And Crockett holds it there as...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
text: The wind whips her hair behind her, now. The two are small
text: against the smooth 50' long hull. Crockett hands her
text: wraparound shades for her eyes. She doesn't want them...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (through headset)
dialog: So where's the best place for
dialog: mojitas?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Bodeguita del Medio. It's the only
dialog: place for mojitas...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Where's that?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
text: Off a little alley with
text: cobblestones. Hemingway went
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: The Keys?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Havana.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Havana? Cubans don't like us or my
dialog: business...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Are you afraid?
dialog: (smiles; Crockett shakes
dialog: his head "no")
dialog: Good. And you don't need a visa.
dialog: Cause you're with me.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN OCEAN - OVERHEAD "BORN TO WIN" - DAY
text: rockets from one swell to the next, getting airborne. Wind
text: and salt electrify Isabella. She turns to Crockett and
text: smiles, putting on the glasses, now. Crockett gestures to
text: her knees. She should keep them bent. Crockett pushes it to
dialog: 75 knots...
scene_heading: FRONTAL: CROCKETT + ISABELLA
text: in strong light, ripped by wind. Behind them are ocean and
text: sky and twenty-foot plumes which jet from the props and make
text: a wake that vectors in diagonals to what each is leaving
text: behind them...where they've been...and converge to push them
text: to the new places where they're headed. Behind, the skies
text: are leaden. They're racing a storm. Sunlight shafts through
text: a gap in thunderclouds, turning the clouds yellow. Now, they
text: turn peach against the darkening open water and the grey sky
text: behind. The boat vibrates, the engines scream and...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: waves her over to join him behind the wheel. He holds out
text: his left hand to steady her. He brings her to him. Both
text: lean against his high upholstered chair. He holds her to his
dialog: side. Indicates the wheel...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Light touch. Everything comes to
dialog: you through the wheel.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: stays on the throttle, throttling back when the props are out
dialog: of the water so you don't redline the engine and forward
text: when reentering. The swells are now four feet. They launch
dialog: off each, get airborne, cut into the next...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (cont'd)
dialog: How do we get into Cuba?!
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: My cousin is the harbor master.
dialog: You must not bring in drugs. You
dialog: cannot be armed. If you're
dialog: carrying, it has to go. Or stow it
dialog: inside. No one will go near your
dialog: boat...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: You do business in Cuba with your
dialog: husband?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: I never do business in Cuba.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And nobody goes to Cuba but me.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: And he is not my husband...
text: Crockett's surprised. And he doesn't push it.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Were you born in Havana?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Angola. My mother was being a
dialog: surgeon there. She volunteered.
dialog: Mozambique and Mali, too...
dialog: (over the wind)
dialog: ...those days, in those days...she
dialog: was part of Cuba's gift to the
dialog: third world. She came from a
text: bourgeois family with a house in
dialog: Verdado...we still have the house.
dialog: We will go there...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Where's she now?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: She's dead...
text: Crockett looks at her. Her perspective is that of the '60's
dialog: and '70's, the politics of national liberation, the
text: perspective of Marcuse and Franz Fanon.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Your father?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Angolan Military. Went back to the
dialog: fighting. Disappeared. Who
dialog: knows...?
text: Isabella looks at the look on Crockett's face.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (cont'd)
dialog: Go ahead and ask...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: How's he not your husband?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: I am no one's wife. I live in my
dialog: own house. I do not live in a
dialog: man's house. He has a wife. We
dialog: are together. I am free. Because
dialog: of banking and finance and travel...
text: (looks at him, shouts over
dialog: wind)
dialog: And I can do anything I want...
text: She laughs. She has that combination of intellect, beauty
dialog: and youth. Everything is possible...life will never
dialog: end...she can ride this crest eternally.
text: And Crockett knows that her confidence makes her oblivious to
dialog: peril, makes "right now" too real because she believes she
dialog: will live forever.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: can't help it. He looks right at her. She lifts her face to
text: the spray. Some clouds part and light strikes her...
dialog: And Crockett wants to possess her; to protect her. He wants
dialog: no one else to have her. He wants no harm to come to her.
text: And this is an impulse that takes him over to the core of who
text: he is. And, as we MOVE IN CLOSER, Crockett has to turn
dialog: away...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
text: sees this. She's quizzical. Crockett looks back at her.
text: Their eyes connect.
text: "BORN TO WIN"
dialog: leaps...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: his left arm around her shoulder, his right on the wheel.
text: She rocks back against his body. They rip across the seas...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. "JAZZ" - A HAVANA NIGHTCLUB JAMMED WITH PEOPLE - NIGHT
text: 14-piece Afro-Cuban band. IN THE PRESS OF dancers at a small
dialog: table, Crockett and Isabella...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (shouts over noise)
dialog: Mojitas...?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (shouting back)
dialog: Later! Do you dance?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: I dance...
text: They move into the crowd under two-story high windows
dialog: overlooking Meyer Lansky's Hotel Riviera - freeze-dried 1959
dialog: Las Vegas.
scene_heading: CROCKETT + ISABELLA
dialog: Whatever we knew about Sonny Crockett, we did not know he
text: could dance. Their feet, their knees and thighs, perfectly
text: matched, they samba, like lightning.
text: He swings her around and turns her to a close embrace as
text: their hips and legs parallel each other's, as he turns her
text: under his arm, stops her, pulls her backwards into his body,
text: her hips into his, the fast beat, the footwork, and he spins
text: her back facing him, pressing her closer as it gets faster
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CROCKETT + ISABELLA
text: fall onto a bed, shedding the last of their clothes, making
text: love in a house somewhere. Beyond them is an open window to
text: the ocean. The sky turns red and grey but the water stays
text: molten.
text: Their eyes are open...because they're locked together the
text: whole time and their faces are steady and urgently surprised
dialog: because this is not language; not a symbol, not a
dialog: representation of a thing. Jesus Montoya is not here. Miami
dialog: is not here. This is discovery. This is fact. They have
dialog: discovered each other and have never felt like this about
dialog: anyone before in their lives.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE, BEDROOM - CROCKETT - MORNING
text: His eyes open. He wakes up. Light and situation flood in.
text: He does not know where he is. He pulls on his pants.
text: Barefoot, he walks to the window. The interior is high-
text: ceilinged with immaculately polished floors. And Crockett
text: looks around, a stranger in a stranger place.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BALCONY - CROCKETT
text: enters. The paint on the outside of this house is peeling
text: and patinaed with stain. The yard is overgrown. The stucco
text: fence around the streamline deco facade is crumbling from
dialog: weather and time...
text: CROCKETT WATCHES THE OCEAN
text: from the balcony of the futuristic villa in Verdado... A
text: futurism from 1939, peeling aqua, aging science fiction.
dialog: Wherever we are in the world, this place is out of the
dialog: stream, outside history. And Isabella, this woman from a
text: different world, enters, brings him an oversized cup of
text: coffee. In his trousers, Crockett drapes an arm across her
text: shoulders and they stand in the air.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: hears voices from the interior.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: My aunt. She's ancient. She looks
dialog: after the place...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This was my mother's family's
dialog: home...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BODEGUITA DEL MEDIO - CROCKETT + ISABELLA - AFTERNOON
text: in the funky yellow restaurant drinking mojitas. They've had
text: lunch served to them at the bar. Frosted glasses have sugar
text: on the bottom and are loaded with crushed Cuban herbs. The
dialog: bartender has been there for 40 years. Crockett and Isabella
text: look like regulars. They've served chicken and plantains.
text: Like any restaurant, the people eating at the bar are the
text: regulars. They sit where Hemingway sat in the slow part of
dialog: the afternoon.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Tell me everything.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: I insist.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (flip)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Macon, Georgia is where I was born.
dialog: Wound up in a juvenile facility. I
dialog: was 14. Then the military. Then
dialog: prison. Because I was dumb and
dialog: angry. Then I read. Then I got
dialog: smart. Then I discovered what I
dialog: know, now...it's all business...
text: Isabella smiles.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (cont'd)
dialog: (to Bartender)
dialog: My friend, two more.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What was your mother's name...?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Blanca...a rubio like you.
dialog: (pause)
text: I see her in a dress...an old
dialog: photograph from Lucinda somebody's
dialog: wedding...everybody is with
dialog: couples. Husbands and wives. They
dialog: all pose. My mother is alone
dialog: because my father had to go back to
dialog: the fighting.
dialog: (she points)
text: ...she looks right into the camera.
dialog: She is the most beautiful woman in
text: the room. By herself. In a party
dialog: dress. And she looked like she
dialog: knew she would die alone...
dialog: (beat...remembers)
dialog: She spoke many languages. We were
dialog: in Luanda when she died. I went to
dialog: her friends in Mali. They sent me
dialog: to the Ecole Polytechnique in
dialog: Geneva to study mathematics, where
dialog: I met Montoya in the discos. He
dialog: had banking there...I was seventeen
dialog: and very much into the clubs. And
dialog: he sent me to University for an MBA
dialog: in Finance.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Your mother?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Died in childbirth, having me...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: To mothers. And all that we owe
dialog: them...
text: Isabella looks at Crockett and smiles and puts on her
dialog: sunglasses.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: You know how improbable this is...?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: "Probable"...applies to an event
dialog: that may be real. Doesn't apply
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: ...'cause we have no future...are
dialog: of today and not tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: ...and therafore there is no
dialog: consequence?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Exactly.
text: Crockett's hand is around her waist and slips down her hip as
text: he pulls her closer and takes off her glasses and she puts
text: down her drink and kisses him at the bar and Crockett's eyes
text: dwell on her and she looks back at him and, now, knowing what
dialog: he's thinking...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE STREAMLINE HOUSE IN VEDADO - LEADEN SKIES - LATE
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: The water is like sheet metal as clouds allow only a sliver
text: of light to illuminate the sea while rain greys-out most of
text: it. Minute crimson is a freighter heading to the stone
text: harbor. Fabric billows in the wind. PULL BACK into the room
dialog: to Crockett and Isabella...
scene_heading: TWO NAKED BODIES
text: ...one light skinned, the other brown, intertwine in the
text: opiated moments after sensuality. The afternoon half-light
text: drapes parts of their bodies, making a relief against which
text: their eyes hold each other's...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER - CROCKETT - LATER
text: focused elsewhere. It's as if he's struggling to record the
dialog: event of her in memory so she'll sustain there, because he
text: compels himself to a different place, now. Then, the shower
text: curtain parts. It startles him...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
text: enters. She touches his back. He turns to her with a smile.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (soft)
dialog: Let's talk deliveries.
text: Isabella is not let down by the switch to commerce. She
text: merely goes there, too. After all, this is their subject.
text: Soft smiles.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (cont'd)
dialog: ...and a different kind of deal.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Like...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Like "three thousand a ki?" That's
dialog: nice.
dialog: And I can supply the transportation
dialog: into South Florida and the Gulf,
dialog: more reliable and on-time than
dialog: FedEx. But, three per ki was OK
dialog: for openers.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: And why should continuing
dialog: excellence cost more?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Cost less. That's the point.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Is it December?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Did Christmas come early this
dialog: year...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Better than that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We become partners. Only in this
dialog: territory and only on loads we run.
dialog: And you don't pay us three thousand
dialog: a ki. You pay us zero. Why we
dialog: get is thirty percent of the load.
dialog: Product or cash. "And why," you're
dialog: thinking, "would I be crazy enough
dialog: to out in these gringos like that?
dialog: Is he chipping? Crazy for my love?
dialog: Too many mojitas?" And the answer
dialog: is, "of course" but also "no. It
dialog: is because Sonny can deliver what
dialog: no one else can."
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Good samba dancing...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Zero risk.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: 'Cause you don't lose loads?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: 'Cause we guarantee every load.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Anywhere, for any reason, it comes
dialog: up short, we make good. Your
dialog: operations will, from now on, run
dialog: risk-free.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: And you're our thirty-percent
dialog: partner?
text: Her knowing smile speaks of experience beyond her years.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (cont'd)
dialog: (deadly seriously)
dialog: What if I tell you that your ideas
dialog: are too big for your skin?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That merely to propose this is a
dialog: dangerous thing?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Then I would say to you, this has
dialog: been fun...
text: There's a long pause. This is business. This is what is.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: The range should be between fifteen
dialog: and seventeen-point-five percent of
dialog: the P.O.E....to even consider it.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: I need thirty. Calculate in, also,
dialog: the cash you don't have to front...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Available cash is not an issue for
dialog: us...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Twenty-eight-point-five.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: What if I pushed to twenty-one...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: I would say you're...
dialog: (hesitates; holds up four
dialog: fingers)
dialog: ...four percentage points away from
dialog: a deal...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Maybe I'm only one.
text: And she slides into his arms. And smiles...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: We'll do it at twenty-two...
text: Isabella laughs. She kisses him under the shower water. And
dialog: it's tough to know who is pushing it further out onto the
dialog: edge.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT (cont'd)
dialog: ...and now what?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: And now I make you breakfast
dialog: again...
text: Her breathing is heavier as she buries her head in his neck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOAT ON STORMY SEAS - DAY
text: Crockett is alone. Black skies mottled with grey.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Rain and wind rip across his face. He left Isabella in
dialog: Havana.
speaker_heading: SATELLITE PHONE
text: rings. Crockett picks it up. It's Tubbs...
speaker_heading: TUBBS (V.O.)
dialog: Where the hell are you, man?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: On my way back...
text: Crockett disconnects. He pushes it. It launches from one
text: swell, airborne, and knifes into the next. It's violent.
text: Crockett's thoughts and expression are about Isabella. They
text: are criminal conspirators, a woman cheating on her
text: narcotrafficker "husband," an outlaw smuggler who's really an
dialog: undercover cop...
scene_heading: OVER CROCKETT: GOVERNMENT CHANNEL - "BORN TO WIN"
text: rockets in and then throttles back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN RIVER SAFE HOUSE - TUBBS - DAY
text: sitting on the U-shaped jetty as we HEAR Crockett kill the
text: engines, tying it off. Gina stands halfway up the small lawn
text: to the early 60's ranch house under tropical palms. Tubbs'
text: mood is dark. As Crockett approaches, he looks blankly at
text: Tubbs, offering no explanation...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: The meet with Castillo and the fed
dialog: got set up. It's in 45 minutes...
text: Tubbs goes inside. Crockett follows. As he passes Gina...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: What's up, Sonny...?
text: Crockett looks at her. He has no answer.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - CROCKETT
text: enters. While Tubbs is strapping up...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Where'd you go?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Hit a couple of jazz clubs. Fell
text: back to her place.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Verdado.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Verdado where?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: It's in the suburbs outside Havana.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Havana, Cuba...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: No. Havana, Louisiana.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don't we have a meet?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: ...where you're makin' a move on
dialog: the wife of Archangel de Jesus
dialog: Montoya?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: You're not makin' a move on her...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: We're makin' moves on each other.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Oh, that makes it okay, then.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE ROOM OF A TRAMP FREIGHTER SEIZED BY US CUSTOMS
scene_heading: AND TIED-UP ON THE INDIAN RIVER - FBI RAC JAMES FUJIMA - DAY
text: We've entered a secret meeting mid-argument.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Who said, "go exploring"? We want
dialog: this staying on track.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (to Fujima)
dialog: Who's the "we"? There's you and
dialog: there's us. And all we got from
dialog: you was bad intel. "Low-level
dialog: producer." Yeah, right...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Montoya. We went to meet the
text: village priest. It turns into
dialog: Alice in the fucking Vatican and
dialog: here's the Pope...of the North
dialog: Valle Colombia dope trade.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: His operations are kingpin size and
dialog: first-class. His security is ex-
dialog: Eastern bloc, ex-SAS and Israelis.
dialog: Their comms are satellite uplink
dialog: with mainframe encryption,
dialog: significant Sig Int and in their
dialog: zones of activity, they have signal-
dialog: jamming capability...
dialog: Fujima is surprised...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yeah. CIA-level stuff...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: And what does that level of
dialog: spending on first-class, private-
dialog: sector infrastructure signify to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Mega-tonnage and mega-cash flow...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Out of...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Haiti and Puerto Rico. Money
dialog: through Dubai and Geneva maybe.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Their loads are poly-drug. "E"
dialog: from Holland, methamphetamine
dialog: precursors from Jordan, Afghan "H."
dialog: Mid-ocean transshipments. His real
dialog: business is: he's a network.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: And we can illuminate part of it
dialog: from the inside out.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: So we want to change-up the mission
dialog: statement.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: (no)
dialog: Identify and indict the white
dialog: supremacist group of importers.
dialog: End of story. Everything else I'm
dialog: hearing is speculation masquerading
dialog: as intel...
text: Crockett flips him a set of keys.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA (cont'd)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Keys to the boat. Go do this
dialog: motherfucker yourself.
dialog: Fujima looks at Castillo...who is this insubordinate prick?
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Who are you talking to?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: He's talking to you, bro.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What he means to say is he is
dialog: reluctant to abandon the
dialog: penetration of a major
dialog: narcotrafficking organization...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (re: Fujima)
dialog: Hey, fuck him.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Chill out Sonny.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: We're the ones doing the death-
dialog: defying shit? And he wants us to
dialog: give that up? For what?
dialog: A chump-change bust so he can get
dialog: his picture in The Miami Herald to
dialog: impress the slug farm in DC...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: (to Castillo)
dialog: Control your men.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: I'm my own man. And anytime you
dialog: want to see how much man I am?
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: (low)
dialog: That's. It.
text: Everybody shuts up.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO (cont'd)
dialog: (to Tubbs)
dialog: Where are you on this?
dialog: We know Tubbs has doubts about Crockett's motives and
dialog: methods, nevertheless...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: With Sonny. 110%.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: Then that's it.
dialog: (to Fujima)
dialog: Change the mission statement.
text: Crockett stays in. He keeps
text: working up the ladder. The
dialog: local importers get a pass for the
dialog: time being.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: Yes you do...
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: I got to talk to my ADO...
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: No, you don't, Jim.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 'Cause if I close this down, you
dialog: got nothing to make a phone call
dialog: about. And my guys don't have a
dialog: week for a Feeb bureaucratic
dialog: process. Every hour longer they're
dialog: in there, they risk exposure. So,
dialog: right here, right now, they're back
dialog: in or I pull them out and close you
dialog: down. What's it going to be?
text: Fujima nods acquiescence.
speaker_heading: FUJIMA
dialog: Okay.
text: He leaves. When he's out of earshot...
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: (to Crockett)
dialog: You fuckin' better be right...!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FREIGHTER ON THE INDIAN RIVER - CROCKETT + TUBBS - NIGHT
text: step across to a second ship among the dozens tied-up along
text: the river. Its crimson paint is peeling and it's been
text: stripped of everything salvageable. They're alone.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (low)
dialog: What is going on...?!
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: As in...?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: There is "undercover." And there
dialog: is "Which way is up?"
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: You think I am in so deep I forgot?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: I am asking. You to me.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Do you believe...I have forgotten I
dialog: am a cop?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: I would never doubt you.
dialog: This is the answer Crockett needed to hear.
speaker_heading: TUBBS (cont'd)
dialog: And do you doubt I will slot anyone
dialog: complicit in the death of Maria,
dialog: Alonzo and those children?
dialog: Anyone...whoever they are...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: No, I do not.
dialog: And we know that might mean Isabella.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTOYA COMPOUND, GUAJIRA PENINSULA, COLOMBIA - ISABELLA
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: We are on a peninsula with palm trees. A bluff dotted with a
text: small forest of satellite dishes. A ribbon of white-sand and
text: beyond that is silver light off the water. It is rural and
text: futuristic at the same time.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (O.S.)
dialog: ...90- and 120-day futures with
dialog: shorted Canadian and US dollars...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM SUITE - ARCHANGEL DE JESUS MONTOYA-
speaker_heading: LONDONO
text: in pajama top and boxer shorts, smoking a cigar. In a
text: sweatsuit is Isabella, delivering a financial report. It's
text: from memory. Nothing is written down, in the tradition of
text: the elite section of Swiss private banking in which clerks
text: commit portfolios to memory. There are no documents.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: ...and we're looking at Nigerian
dialog: crude...
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
text: Precursor shipments from Ras Tanura
dialog: and Ju'aymah?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Transshipped to a Malaysian
dialog: container ship.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: Not French registry?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: They've been targeted. And
dialog: Pakistani registry is too
dialog: vulnerable to search and seizure
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: José doesn't like the deal in South
dialog: Florida...
text: Montoya's referring to Crockett. Alarm bells go off.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (cuts in)
dialog: Burnett?
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: They want 22% of the value on loads
dialog: they run into South Florida. It's
dialog: the Juarez cartel model.
dialog: They guarantee the loads. The
dialog: upside is our risk goes to zero.
dialog: That frees-up capital.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: But what does your intuition tell
dialog: you...?
dialog: Is he suspicious? Does he suspect Isabella and Crockett are
dialog: lovers?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: My "intuition"...? My intuition
dialog: made him breakfast the other
dialog: morning in Havana.
dialog: Her lieson with Crockett is the last thing we expected to
dialog: hear from Isabella.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: And...?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: They're serious. They're cautious.
dialog: They'll forgo a deal over a
dialog: technicality of how a delivery's
dialog: handled...they'd walk away, rather
dialog: than compromise operational
dialog: security...that's good.
dialog: Montoya's thoughtful.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (cont'd)
dialog: But they have to be watched
dialog: closely...
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: A good deal, like this with us, for
dialog: Burnett will be good only
dialog: temporarily. He'll get restless
dialog: because he believes nothing is
dialog: forever. Life is dust, make it
dialog: while you can. He's ambitious.
text: Montoya appreciates her thoughtfulness.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (cont'd)
dialog: So I predict a few good runs. Then
dialog: there'll be a renegotiation.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: That's my girl...
text: Montoya uses Isabella and her sexual allure to gather insight
dialog: into the people he does business with. That's part of their
dialog: deal.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA (cont'd)
text: On the next load, José wants to
dialog: front them silver. But they them in
dialog: lead...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He thinks they are wrong. What do
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (revealing nothing)
dialog: I think José suspects anybody he
dialog: doesn't intimidate. And people,
dialog: who are good at what they do? They
dialog: have egos, too...
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: (careful)
dialog: What would you do...?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (equally careful)
dialog: I like the diminished risk. It
dialog: frees up capital reserves. I like
dialog: working with self-interested
dialog: businessmen who are competent. You
dialog: can predict their behavior....
text: Montoya looks at her very carefully. She stares right back
text: at him.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (cont'd)
dialog: On the other hand...if what you
dialog: wish, mi corazon, is la
dialog: plumba...the lead? Then let's do
dialog: that. Accept their deal. After
dialog: the load is received...we will
dialog: close their eyes forever...
text: She looks at Montoya squarely. It hangs in the air. In his
text: strange process of decision-making, Montoya reaches a
dialog: conclusion...
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: Let's try a few runs with these
dialog: partners, I think. I will tell
dialog: José...
text: If Isabella is pleased, she doesn't show it. Montoya
text: continues to stare at her unwavering expression, frozen in
text: stone. He smiles, then, and starts to take off her clothes.
text: He reaches for her hand and brings her to him. She kisses
text: him and he puts aside his cigar, pulls her face into his
text: neck, and she runs her hands down him...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARRANQUILLA, COLOMBIA AIRPORT - A G3 - NIGHT
text: lands. The door opens. Isabella emerges. CLOSER...she
text: searches, looking for someone as she descends the ramp.
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: emerges from behind an SUV. He came to meet her plane.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA'S
text: expression changes, but she masks it.
text: Businesslike, she walks across the tarmac. There are two
text: Suburbans. One for her; one full of security. Crockett and
text: her meet. No show of affection. Her Secretary, carrying her
text: briefcase, accompanies her towards the second Suburban.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND SUBURBAN - DOOR - NIGHT
text: opens. Crockett and Isabella climb in. The rear is
text: customized cream leather, luxurious with three telephones and
text: a divider. As Isabella climbs in, followed by Crockett, she
text: takes the briefcase from the Secretary and indicates he ride
text: in the front vehicle. Doors close. Windows go up. Air
text: conditioning comes on. She raises the divider, blocking the
text: driver and locks the doors. They are sealed in the back.
text: Alone. And she assaults Crockett with a passion that's
text: desperate...as if making love to him puts her world back in
text: balance. Their clothes come off, Crockett pauses...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Hola, chica.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Hola, viejo.
text: He touches the side of her face.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't stop, bad man...
dialog: As they continue, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARRANQUILLA NIGHTCLUB - TUBBS + GINA - NIGHT
text: at the bar. It's jammed. "Cochi Loco" Yero and his
dialog: permanent bodyguard, El Tiburon, pass, smile. Tubbs
text: introduces Yero to Gina, as his wife.
text: Yero shakes Gina's hand. He indicates to the bartender that
text: Tubbs and Gina are to pay for nothing...and he moves towards
text: an office. Cobalt blue light illuminates his face, and his
text: fierce yellow eyes are not filled with hospitality.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FALS DE IGUAZU AIRPORT (THREE BORDERS AREA) - MONTOYA -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: deplaning his G-4 crosses to his armored Suburban.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - MONTOYA
text: climbs into the back. It's also a traveling communications
dialog: center, satellite uplink, encryption, the works...
speaker_heading: MONTOYA
dialog: (to an Assistant)
dialog: Do you have him?
text: Assistant nods. Montoya takes the heavy handset...
speaker_heading: MONTOYA (cont'd)
dialog: José, about the Americans...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
speaker_heading: WITH:
scene_heading: INT. BARRANQUILLA CLUB, OFFICE - JOSÉ YERO
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: They are "wrong." I do not trust
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA (V.O.)
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Too good at what they do, I don't
dialog: know. Something I don't like.
dialog: They are wrong...
dialog: Montoya thinks.
speaker_heading: MONTOYA (V.O.)
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Isabella likes them. We made their
dialog: deal.
text: Montoya hangs up. José Yero looks at the phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLUB - CROCKETT + ISABELLA - NIGHT
text: enter. They join Tubbs and Gina.
speaker_heading: GINA
text: sees Crockett's carriage with this woman. It's different.
text: Intuitively, she exchanges a look with Tubbs. Crockett makes
text: introductions. Then, they move away to dance to a fast samba
text: in perfect synchronicity. And, they're also SEEN by...
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
text: He watches them, too. His yellow eyes are lit by strobes.
text: His eyes locked onto Isabella...dancing with Crockett, their
text: bodies close...
text: And in the way he looks at them, hurt, like a betrayed lover,
dialog: which he isn't and never could have been...we know now, the
text: core of his antagonism.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HONDURAN FREIGHTER, DINING AREA - TUBBS - DAY
text: It's a 30 year old, well-maintained carribean freighter with
text: a steel table and u-shaped bench. In the dark interior,
text: narrow spots reveal the group hovering over a ruggedized
text: Workpad with navigational software.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Transshipment point is here at
text: 17:00 hours on the 23rd.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Uh-uh. No predetermined places and
dialog: times to meet. Give me their
dialog: heading and radio codes and I will
dialog: talk to them directly with the
dialog: longs and lats and time which will
dialog: be a last minute deal...
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: You give yours to me. We position
dialog: all the assets hauling our loads...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Now how we do it, blood. It risks
dialog: signal interception and other bad
dialog: things like people who don't need
dialog: to know where we're at knowing.
text: Tubbs hands José Yero's assistant, El Tiburon, a pager.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: At ten to three on the 27th, I will
dialog: satellite page him with a website
dialog: and encryption code. He will have
dialog: ten minutes to log on and receive
text: his new heading. Ten minutes and
dialog: thirty seconds, website disappears
dialog: and he can drive his fucking boat
dialog: up to Iceland...
dialog: José Yero doesn't like it.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Malaysian registry. Small
dialog: containership.
dialog: (to El Tiburon)
dialog: Give them their codes and heading.
text: Everything Yero tells them feels to him like exposure.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Packaging?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
text: Fifty-gallon drums. Thirty-two. A
dialog: hundred kilos in each. You
dialog: transship that to the Malaysian
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Importation value? At twenty-two
dialog: thousand a ki...
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: You work that out with La Senora.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You will get sixteen fuel bladders
dialog: of crystal meth precursors from the
dialog: Malaysian ship. For collection in
dialog: North Miami. You warehouse it.
dialog: Release it when we say.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sure you have friends with fast
dialog: boats...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: If you see a few new faces, don't
dialog: get jumpy...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: And José, my ace, lots of
dialog: transshipment. Lots of action.
text: Skies are crowded. And the JIT has
text: assets on land, air, and sea.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So any intel you got that can come
dialog: our way and contribute to the good
dialog: and welfare...?
text: José Yero's on the spot.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Sure. Check your e-mail.
text: Yero gets up and leaves the confined dining room. He exits
text: onto the walkway outside the bridge. His path takes him
dialog: past...
scene_heading: EXT. HONDURAN FREIGHTER - TRUDY
text: with Switek and Zito. Trudy's in a tank top. José looks at
text: Trudy appreciatively...
speaker_heading: TRUDY
text: returns the look with a stare that says, "Don't fuck with
text: me". José raises his eyebrow and after noting the two
text: handguns holstered in the waistband of her hiphuggers...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LONG CARGO SHED - JOSÉ YERO + EL TIBURON
text: walk. Cochi Loco's security leads and tails behind as...
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (to El Tiburon)
dialog: You know what Escobar used to do?
speaker_heading: EL TIBURON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: (goes on)
dialog: In the '80's, air routes came into
dialog: favor. It required many pilots.
dialog: The best were American. Former
dialog: crop-dusters. They didn't fly by
dialog: the book. Tell one: "Put that 747
dialog: down on this fifteen-hundred-foot
dialog: runway." Somehow, he'd do it.
dialog: Great pilots. But Pablo had a
dialog: rule. After they flew six
dialog: loads...this good pilot who
dialog: facilitates so much good
dialog: business... he would come back to
dialog: Medellín or Barranquilla to pick up
dialog: the next load?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And no one would ever see him
text: again. He'd disappear.
dialog: (imitates Pablo)
dialog: "You a good pilot?
dialog: Make a lot of money for Pablo?
dialog: Thank you very much." And then
dialog: Pablo would kill his ass. After
dialog: six loads.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And who was Pablo Escobar? A
dialog: provincial who got busted-out by
text: the white collars from Cali. When
dialog: the gringos got him, he was nobody.
dialog: We're three times better than Pablo
dialog: Escobar.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The means we kill these
dialog: sonsabitches three times sooner.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And do you know why Pablo Escobar
dialog: did that?
speaker_heading: EL TIBURON
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: He didn't like pilots.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRANQUILLA HARBOR, CARGO SHED - JOSÉ YERO + EL TIBURON
text: enter from the cargo shed onto a roadway just as...
speaker_heading: YERO POV: GINA
text: passes by, driven by Switek. They're en route to pick up
dialog: Tubbs.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO (CONT'D)
dialog: And put eyes on her. Put eyes on
dialog: her twenty-four hours a day...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARRANQUILLA BEACH - CROCKETT + ISABELLA, TUBBS + GINA -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Isabella hands out banana leaves wrapped and tied around
text: cooked rice and barbecued pork. Gina and Tubbs walk away
text: down the beach towards phosphorescent waves.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: I forgot the napkins.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: And the chopsticks and fortune
dialog: cookies?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: What's the best fortune you ever
dialog: got?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: They're all the same. "Financial
dialog: security is around the corner."
dialog: "Your friends love you."
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: In Kowloon, once, I got one that
dialog: said, "Live now because life is
dialog: dust."
text: Crockett and Isabella wander down the beach, hard from the
dialog: ebb tide.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Do you have assets somewhere else?
dialog: Bank accounts?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: ...to fall back on. You know, a
dialog: fail-safe. Insurance.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Do I need it?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Everybody needs it. Ask
dialog: Prudential. Or Allstate.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: 'Cause whatever can go wrong,
dialog: will...?
text: The Perseids make the night sky over the water look like the
dialog: Fourth of July.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Something like that. The odds
dialog: catch up with you. The odds are
dialog: like gravity. You can't negotiate
dialog: with them.
dialog: (then)
dialog: So...at some point, you should cash
dialog: out, take your money and run...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Sure. As far away and as fast as
dialog: you can.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Whenever. Maybe later, maybe
dialog: sooner.
dialog: What is Sonny Crockett trying to say to her?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Would you find me...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Where would I go?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Zanzibar. The Comoros Islands.
text: Somewhere in the Indian Ocean.
dialog: There's twelve-hundred islands
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Is this the protective male talk?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (deadly serious)
dialog: This is the talk of a man...if he
dialog: were your husband...he would never
dialog: put you at risk. He would never
dialog: put you within a thousand miles of
dialog: anything that could hurt you.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: And if I were in the Comoros, in
dialog: the Indian Ocean, where would you
dialog: be...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: A few more moments, still in this
dialog: business. Then I'd find you.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Would you? Because if you
dialog: couldn't, I would be very lonely...
dialog: I would have left the only world I
dialog: know and have known since I was
dialog: seventeen.
dialog: (smiles, touches Crockett)
dialog: But none of this will happen. So
dialog: it doesn't matter. Because we are
dialog: on the Guajira Peninsula. And all
dialog: you see around you...look around...
dialog: is Archangel de Jesus Montoya-
dialog: Londono. He is my man. And you are
text: a smuggler moving a load...
text: Her eyes say that she listened to his warnings and will
text: disregard them. Life is dust. Meaning is in the moment, and
dialog: that's right now.
dialog: The intensity is because it's impossible. Because it's
dialog: impossible, they've been free to imagine. And that's made
dialog: the heat of it stronger...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: ...in the morning.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: I'll be on board by noon.
dialog: Crockett didn't expect that.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA (cont'd)
dialog: What did you think? This deal with
dialog: you is my deal. I am responsible.
text: She vouched for him. She has to stand behind it. He puts
text: his arm around her waist.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HONDURAN FREIGHTER, BRIDGE - TRUDY + CROCKETT - DAWN
text: The Freighter is anchored a half mile offshore.
text: Magenta breaks the horizon. Trudy looks at Crockett, looks
dialog: away...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: Too fast. Too many moving parts.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Switek?
text: Zito joins them.
speaker_heading: SWITEK
dialog: Same. But it's your call, boss.
text: Tubbs joins them.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: What's your take?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: What's the point? It's going down.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Call the US Coast Guard: "Come and
dialog: arrest our ass."
dialog: (beat)
text: And Switek resumes romancing Miss
dialog: Ukraine...
text: Crockett looks at Trudy. There's a connection between
dialog: Crockett and Trudy. It's filial. Crockett has a special
dialog: regard for her judgment.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: If we were for real, and knew our
dialog: shit, we'd fade this one...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Then you should.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: (no)
dialog: If you're down, we're down for the
dialog: play.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAFE HOUSE ON THE INDIAN RIVER - GINA - NIGHT
text: drives up. Parks. She approaches along the sidewalk, down
text: the walkway under the banana trees and birds of paradise.
text: Motion sensors trigger exterior lights. Gina cocks her ear,
text: waiting to hear... Then, offscreen, Tommy the dog barks.
text: Reassured, her left hand on her .380, she reaches for her
text: keys, opens the door...
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - GHETTO BLASTER
text: A finger pushed the stop button. The dog stops barking.
scene_heading: OVERHEAD: ENTRY WAY - GINA
text: enters.
scene_heading: FROM BEHIND HER - WE MOVE CLOSER AS...
text: a leather sap arcs through the air and descends onto her left
text: shoulder, paralyzing her arm. Other arms grab her, push her
text: head down. The same sap backhands with massive force across
text: the back of her neck...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLE-WIDE TRAILER - ECU: GINA - NIGHT
text: slowly comes to consciousness. She looks around,
text: disoriented. Her eyes roll back in her head and she slips
text: into dreamland for a moment. She rouses and opens her eyes
text: again, blinks, disoriented...
scene_heading: WIDE PAST GINA TO WHICH SHE SEES: AN EMACIATED WOMAN IN A
scene_heading: PLAID HOUSEDRESS
text: stares at her from the back corner of the double-wide
text: trailer. With her is an overweight autistic Boy of about 11.
text: He plays in the corner and watches a small TV with a coat
text: hanger for an antenna. The Old Woman pays Gina no attention
text: On her face is zero affect. There are other sounds in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: WIDER: GINA
text: and we see she is tied to a chair that is bolted to the floor.
text: Her clothes are disheveled and ripped. She tries to focus.
text: Then somebody's thick arms are fitting something around her
text: neck. A blindfold goes over her eyes. Around her neck is a
dialog: C-4 "necklace" like the one we saw on Stevens' wife in the
text: beginning of the film. The arms and back belong to the deep-
text: chested Aryan Brother we saw from the Stevens' house and
text: Coleman's double-wide. MOVE IN ON GINA. He reaches below
text: the frame and does something. Gina writhes away from him in
text: the chair. He laughs. He backs away from her to
text: camera...and holds something in his hand.
speaker_heading: A CAMERA
text: He takes a digital picture.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOMESTEAD FLORIDA TRACT HOUSE - FRONT YARD - DAY
text: A tall wall of planting hides the $150,000 house from the
text: road. Neighbors are double-wide trailers. The house has
text: some sophisticated radio antennas as well as a twelve-foot
text: satellite dish. On the driveway are two Escalades and a
text: Bentley. Out the back, off the dock is a two-million dollar
text: sports/fishing boat. Someone's entering numbers on a cell
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: INT. HOMESTEAD FLORIDA TRACT HOUSE - COLEMAN
text: waits. The guy working the cell phone is the buzz-cut Aryan
dialog: Brother we saw in the Stevens kitchen in the opening.
text: Coleman's shirt open in the Barcalounger watching ESPN. His
text: watch is loaded with ice, and a four-carat diamond in his
text: ear. He is all white bling. Coleman's tattooed up. Not
text: with "cool" Celtic symbols...his tats are neo-Nazi, white
dialog: supremacist, hard-core prison stuff.
speaker_heading: CELL PHONE
text: in the hands of the deep-chested Aryan Brother. Three girls
text: in cutoffs and halters are making sandwiches and laughing in
dialog: the b.g.. Then:
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER
dialog: El Tiburon.
text: Coleman takes the satellite phone, attached to a laptop. He
text: enters a number. A frequency-response graphic displays in
text: the computer. His conversation with El Tiburon is encrypted
text: so the voices are distorted...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: So...?
speaker_heading: EL TIBURON
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Meth precursors and the Dutch party
text: favors are en route.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (perfect Spanish)
dialog: All I want to know is the where and
dialog: the when. Spare me mini moves,
dialog: progress reports and bullshit.
speaker_heading: EL TIBURON
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Okay. You got the "item"?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I got the item.
speaker_heading: EL TIBURON
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: And our friend don't like the rest
dialog: of the people bringin' the merch to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: EL TIBURON
dialog: (in Spanish)
text: Two main players plus three.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: My end?
speaker_heading: EL TIBURON
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: 25% discount on the load.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Make it 40%.
speaker_heading: EL TIBURON
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Make it 35.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Deal.
text: Coleman hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. HONDURAN FREIGHTER - FUNKY BRIDGE
text: In calm seas they're tied up to a Malaysian small container
text: ship. On it, Yemenese with AK-47s maintain a watchful eye.
dialog: From Crockett's POV as...
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLES: SWITEK, TRUDY, ZITO
text: with an assortment of CAR-15s, Galils and two RPGs mount a
dialog: similar guard.
scene_heading: EXT. MALAYSIAN CONTAINER SHIP - FUEL BLADDERS
text: swung by the Honduran freighter's crane cross 10' of open
text: water onto freighter's deck to join 18 others already there.
dialog: It's the last of the transfer.
scene_heading: EXT. MALAYSIAN CONTAINER SHIP - CAPTAIN
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (loud hailer)
dialog: Me-a salama. Ila l-liqa.
scene_heading: EXT. HONDURAN FREIGHTER - TUBBS
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Yeah. Whatever...
dialog: (waves)
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - THE TWO FREIGHTERS
dialog: separate.
scene_heading: INT. HONDURAN FREIGHTER, BRIDGE - CROCKETT
text: watches crew stow the cargo. Then, his satellite phone
text: blinks red light. Crockett boots up the computer to
text: encryption. Picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO (O.S.)
dialog: (phone filter)
dialog: Hey, Captain Kirk. I think maybe I
dialog: have second thoughts.
text: Tubbs enters.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You got something to say, José,
dialog: let's hear it.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: I confess I have succumbed to my
dialog: weaknesses. An inability to see
dialog: another's point of view.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've discussed it with
dialog: professionals. Even with one of
dialog: your friends. She's here now...
text: Crockett puts him on speaker.
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO (cont'd)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So I want you to deliver my
dialog: product, how I want my product
dialog: delivered.
text: Isabella walks in. Crockett gestures for her to be quiet.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: What friend?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: Mrs. Rico. But don't worry. She
dialog: is safe. To insure that, I am
dialog: keeping her close to me. It's
dialog: always good to keep people your
dialog: friends care about close to you.
text: Tubbs reaches for the phone. Trudy intercepts him.
text: Crockett turns it away and goes off the speaker...
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO (cont'd)
dialog: So, I will tell you when you're 10
dialog: minutes out where to drop the load
dialog: into the hands of my people. You
dialog: have 35 minutes to enter Government
dialog: Channel. Head up the River... We
dialog: will watch you. Then I will call
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you can reach out for La Senora
dialog: in Barranquilla or wherever 'cause
dialog: I don't give a shit...
dialog: José Yero does NOT know Isabella's on board.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Proof of life. How do I know Mrs.
dialog: Rico's alive?
speaker_heading: JOSÉ YERO
dialog: 'Cause she will tell you.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: That sonofabitch!
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (turns on Isabella)
dialog: You set this up!
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Of course! That is why I placed
dialog: myself here, with you, knowing Yero
dialog: would pull this crap.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yero doesn't know she's here!
text: Crockett looks at Isabella, who's distracted in calculating
dialog: what's really happening.
speaker_heading: SWITEK
dialog: (entering)
text: Cigarette and the two Starkeys are
text: coming in.
dialog: (senses)
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: They grabbed Gina...
text: Isabella punches numbers into a satellite phone. No results.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: It's all bullshit. Jesus is out of
text: communication in Fals de Iguazu.
dialog: José knows that... Whatever he's
dialog: going to do, he has to do it fast
text: because he's acting on his own.
dialog: And he will need a story.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Meaning...?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: They will kill you. And then they
dialog: will kill your wife, too.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yero, by himself?
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: Maybe. Maybe with the crazy
dialog: whites.
text: Zito enters, makes the situation...
speaker_heading: ZITO
dialog: We're half loaded...
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: Gina. Like Alonzo's wife... Cochi
dialog: Loco's got her.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Dump the rest. Let's get the boats
dialog: up that river.
text: Crockett picks up the phone and dials. His eyes contact with
text: Tubbs has Tubbs take Isabella out of the Captain's Bridge.
text: She pulls her arm away. As they head down from the
dialog: bridge...we see...
scene_heading: EXT. HONDURAN FREIGHTER - DOPE-ON-A-ROPE
text: lines run from the freighter to two go-fast boats. The fuel
text: bladders with crampons slide down the rope into the smaller
dialog: "cigarette" boats..."dope-on-a-rope."
scene_heading: WIDER: ONE STARKEY
text: loaded, takes off into the night, no lights. A second one
text: pulls away as the third boat's being loaded; Switek and Zito
text: climb into a cigarette. Meanwhile...
scene_heading: INT. HONDURAN FREIGHTER, BRIDGE - CROCKETT
text: on the satellite phone. He waits.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO (O.S.)
dialog: (filter)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: José Yero changed-up the drop plan
text: on us. He's grabbed Gina.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: Where's the new drop point...?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: They'll have surveillance on us.
dialog: We'll know only at the last
dialog: moment...
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: It's a rip and a hit.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: (to someone else)
dialog: Get me Air Support...
dialog: (to Crockett)
dialog: We'll be airborne and assault the
dialog: ambush...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: You can't.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: They'll kill Gina.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: They may have already, so we
dialog: protect the living. Proof she's
dialog: alive?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Supposedly it's coming.
scene_heading: INT. SCARAB - SWITEK, ZITO + TRUDY
text: rip from one swell to another, airborne, in between their
text: load. Trudy's on the comms. Switek drives with night-vision
dialog: gear.
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER - CROCKETT, TUBBS + ISABELLA
text: Crockett drives. Tubbs is on the throttles. Isabella's
text: between them. Then, Tubbs is sent a page. Reads the number.
text: Picks up the satellite phone. Crockett takes control of the
text: throttles, too.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello...?
dialog: And Tubbs hears..."And weather on the southeast throughout
text: today and looking into the weekend is broken clouds, humidity
text: 78%, small chance of rain. And coming up in four minutes at
text: 5:45 is Lou Dobbs with Friday's market previews..."
speaker_heading: LOU DOBBS (O.S.)
dialog: Welcome, folks. Today's Friday,
dialog: the three-hundredth-and-fourteenth
dialog: day of the year...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: They're proving it's right now.
dialog: And that she's alive right now...
speaker_heading: GINA (O.S.)
dialog: ...nice friends you got. Trailer
dialog: trash with a bad smell...
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLE-WIDE TRAILER - GINA - NIGHT
text: The phone is ripped away from her. It's disconnected.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER - TUBBS
dialog: He puts it together...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Smell. Bad smell. Trailer...
dialog: (he gets it)
dialog: She's allergic to diethylene...she
dialog: in a meth lab?
text: Crockett takes the phone, dials Castillo.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: Just came in. She's still alive.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: Safe house is empty...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Air Support's set to jump when we
dialog: know your drop point. Gina?
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: (takes phone)
text: She's sending a message. Meth Lab.
dialog: Trailer park. Anything with
dialog: interesting antenna arrays...?
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: There's three between Miami
dialog: International and the glades. I'm
dialog: gonna try for her, but this is
dialog: triage. Protect the maximum number
dialog: of lives. You need to know that...
text: Crockett knows the Sophie's choice Castillo may have to make.
text: And it may cost Gina. Crockett glances at Tubbs. Crockett
text: pushes the throttles forward...
scene_heading: EXT. GOVERNMENT CHANNEL - TWO BOATS: THE SCARAB + THE
speaker_heading: STRYKER
text: jam over the swells into Government Channel, NOT SLOWING this
text: time, even though the limit is 15 knots. Barely missing
text: sport fishing boats, slower recreational craft.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL - PAST HELICOPTER CO-PILOT
text: over his FLIR monitor scanning trailer parks. Nothing. Then
text: he notes a double-wide with two satellite dishes.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO (V.O.)
dialog: (to Tubbs)
dialog: Three possibles...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER - TUBBS
text: on with Castillo.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO (V.O.)
text: ...eliminated one. SWAT's on the
dialog: next two...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: Trudy and I are goin' for Gina...
scene_heading: INT. SCARAB - SWITEK
text: slams the Scarab sideways, spewing a huge wake, driving it
text: through a circle to slough off speed as he pulls into a dock.
text: Crockett's Stryker does the same. Tubbs transfers into this
text: boat with Trudy and Zito. Switek gets into the Stryker with
text: Crockett and Isabella. As they speed up Government Channel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER - CROCKETT
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: If they attack you...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (finishes)
dialog: ...it's gonna be an L-shaped
dialog: ambush. They're not gonna open up
dialog: until they got the party favors,
dialog: 'cause all they'd get is a lot of
text: police scrambling to a gunfight.
dialog: They will wait till they got the
dialog: goods before they do the deed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SCENES IN WHICH:
scene_heading: (A) TRUDY + TUBBS DISCOVER + ASSAULT THE PERIMETER SECURITY
text: OF THE TRAILER IN WHICH GINA IS HOSTAGE.
scene_heading: (B) CROCKETT, SWITEK, ZITO + ISABELLA AND THE THIRD BOAT
scene_heading: MAKE THE DELIVERY. DURING IT ISABELLA, FURIOUS THAT THIS
text: TRAITOROUS SONOFABITCH, COCHI LOCO, IS MAKING HIS OWN MOVE,
text: RAGES INTO THE MIDDLE GROUND, CALLING DOWN JOSÉ YERO.
text: BLOCKED BY AN ARYAN BROTHER, SHE PUSHES, HE SLAPS HER, SHE
text: SHOOTS HIM IN THE LEG. ALL SIDES DRAW DOWN IMPENDING CHAOS.
scene_heading: CROCKETT + COLEMAN COOL IT. COLEMAN WANTS HIS LOAD. THE
text: LURE OF EASY MONEY HAS A VERY STRONG APPEAL.
scene_heading: AND ISABELLA IS STILL COMPLETELY UNAWARE CROCKETT + TUBBS ARE
text: ANYTHING OTHER THAN PLAYERS.
scene_heading: (C) TUBBS + TRUDY INSERT A FIBER-OPTIC SURVEILLANCE TAP.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER PARK, DOUBLE-WIDE TRAILER - TRUDY - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CASTILLO (O.S.)
dialog: (radio filter)
dialog: Do you have her?!
text: Trudy DOESN'T answer. She's totally focused on a clamshell
text: video screen connected to a fiber optic... FOLLOW THE FIBER
text: OPTIC...as a SWAT technician feeds it into...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. METH LAB, DOUBLE-WIDE TRAILER - CU: THE FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Where it meets the wall, a tiny hole has been drilled and we
dialog: see the 4mm diameter lens connected to the flexible fiber
text: optic poke through. The camera's on the floor where it meets
dialog: the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER PARK, DOUBLE-WIDE TRAILER - OVER TRUDY
text: And Trudy and we SEE in fish-eye a long-haired Nazi Low-Rider
text: and the bulked-out Brother with the Hefty garbage-bag apron.
text: Deeper in the trailer, her clothes torn, blindfolded, is Gina
text: with the C-4 necklace. Beyond her, the woman in the house
text: dress and her large, retarded son.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: (into radio, to Castillo)
text: Have eyes on her. She's alive.
dialog: Moving in...
scene_heading: INT. METH LAB, DOUBLE-WIDE TRAILER - LONG-HAIRED NLR GUY
text: reacts to knock on the door.
speaker_heading: TUBBS (O.S.)
dialog: Asian Star...
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER
dialog: You order Chinese?
scene_heading: LONG-HAIRED NLR GUY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No, but I'm starving...
text: Laughs, reaches for the door...
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER
dialog: Don't...
text: Too late. Door's opened.
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE-WIDE TRAILER - TUBBS,
text: holding the bag of Chinese for the Long-Haired NLR. He
dialog: reaches and...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: rips Long-Hair through the door, down the stairs, where two
text: SWAT slam him into the ground. He struggles. A baton slams
text: twice across the back of his neck. He's out. Handcuffed,
text: and Tubbs and Trudy are in the interior...
scene_heading: INT. METH LAB, DOUBLE-WIDE TRAILER
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: HOLD IT!!
text: Bulked-out Aryan has a handgun in one hand, detonator in the
text: other. Eyes wide. Standoff. The Old Woman in house dress
text: is SCREAMING... Her retarded Son sees Tubbs/Gina as a threat
text: to his mother...grabs butcher knife...rushes forward
dialog: during...
speaker_heading: TRUDY
text: PUT DOWN THE DETONATOR!
text: FROZEN. Aryan doesn't move. The FARQ-like necklace of C-4
text: around Gina's neck.
speaker_heading: GINA
text: struggles against plastic ties, to hear, to see, as...
speaker_heading: OBESE SON
text: shouts, surges past bulky Aryan, heading for Tubbs...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: prepares for the autistic son, not seeing behind him...
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER #3
text: rising from a bare mattress with an aluminum baseball bat,
text: coming up behind Tubbs.
speaker_heading: WIDE - TUBBS
text: slips the Autistic Son, rotating his right arm around the
text: kid's right arm, getting slashed on the back of his forearm,
text: but grabbing the Son's wrist as the momentum propels him past
text: Tubbs, who torques the wrist back. Screaming, Son's ruined
text: wrist, Tubbs took the knife, and as the Aryan Brother swings
dialog: the bat...
speaker_heading: LOW ANGLE: TUBBS
text: ducks the bat. It dents the faux-wood paneling. Tubbs slams
text: the knife twice into the man's slide, doubling him up, leaving
text: the AB Brother to crawl, bleeding, with a 10-inch butcher
text: knife through his kidney into his right lung... AND Tubbs'
text: gun in his left hand has never moved off-target of the Aryan
text: brother with the detonator in his hand the whole time until
text: right now: he snaps a ROUND into the wounded Aryan Brother's
text: head. And, that fast, Tubbs' gun is back on target.
text: AND THE FIERCE EYES OF BULKED-OUT BROTHER
text: A nihilistic smile dawns there.
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER
dialog: Shoot me, she dies. Hey, fuck it,
dialog: man. We can all go.
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: (cool)
dialog: That's not what will happen.
dialog: (that stops him)
dialog: What will happen is...
text: (as she's aiming her Car-
text: 15 and slowly taking up
dialog: the slack on the
dialog: trigger...)
dialog: ...what will happen is, I will put
text: a round precisely through the
dialog: medula at the base of your brain,
text: at an entry-point mid-distance
dialog: between your upper lip and the
dialog: bottom of your nose, and you will
dialog: be dead from the neck down. Your
dialog: finger won't be able to twitch. Do
dialog: you believe that?
speaker_heading: ARYAN BROTHER
dialog: Fuck...
text: BLAM. That's all he gets out. Trudy does exactly that.
text: Aryan Brother falls like a felled tree. Tubbs retrieves the
text: detonator. Trudy unties Gina. Carefully, Tubbs pulls the
text: sensitive remote detonator from his hands.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: puts his coat over Gina. As she half leaves, turns to the
dialog: fallen AB...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Motherfucker!
text: She kicks him in the head. Tubbs grabs her to pull her off.
speaker_heading: TUBBS
dialog: He's dead!
speaker_heading: TRUDY
dialog: (on radio, to Castillo)
dialog: ...got Gina. She's okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN RIVER - CASTILLO - NIGHT
dialog: hears.
speaker_heading: CASTILLO
dialog: (into loud hailer)
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: EXT. RUSTED FREIGHTER - AB SNIPER #2
text: with a .50 caliber Burrows is hit about 15 times from MPD
text: SWAT firing from across the bridge on a down angle towards
text: him. MPD helicopters suddenly LIGHT up the sky.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - YERO
text: observing from a block south on the bridge sees the police
text: assault, raises night-vision binoculars.
scene_heading: YERO'S POV: HE SEES CROCKETT + ISABELLA
text: behind structures on the jetty. Crockett fires with the MPD
speaker_heading: SWAT.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - YERO
text: pushes "send" on his satellite phone...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUAJIRA PENINSULA COMPOUND, COMMUNICATIONS CENTER -
speaker_heading: ENCRYPTION
text: The technicians are eating in the next room. We hear the
dialog: recording...
speaker_heading: YERO
dialog: (in Spanish)
text: Isabella. The gringos are police.
dialog: She's their informant...!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - YERO
speaker_heading: YERO
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET + BRIDGE - YERO'S SUBURBAN
text: pulls out, racing to get away from the firefight. But
text: BRIGHT LIGHT freezes it...heavy rounds slam into the engine,
text: crack the block, stream sprays, it seizes up. Suburban
text: crashes into a car at the curb. Yero bails out.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - HELICOPTER - TUBBS
text: half out of his seat, a Galil in full auto on his shoulder,
text: hovering above Yero and the Suburban.
speaker_heading: PA
dialog: (loud hailer)
dialog: Freeze! You're under arrest. Down
dialog: on your knees. Put your hands on
dialog: your head...
speaker_heading: CLOSE: YERO
text: does none of that. Enraged, he pulls up a 9mm H+K SMG to
text: fire up at the helicopter
speaker_heading: ON TUBBS
text: aiming down at CAM. The assault rifle unloads in three-shot
dialog: bursts.
text: OVER TUBBS DOWN TO YERO IN THE BRIGHT LIGHT
text: The pavement, the car and Yero are cratered by the 7.62mm
text: rounds. Yero goes down. Dead.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - WIDE: HELICOPTER
text: lands. Tubbs bails, grabbing his duffle bag and the rifle and
text: turns down the street towards the firefight and Crockett...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JETTY - CROCKETT
text: holding Isabella down, FIRES past a Toyota. It's turned into
text: a sieve. He tells Isabella to stay behind the engine block.
text: Then he ASSAULTS the ambush.
speaker_heading: SWITEK
text: is shot in the calf, spins, goes down, gets up, limps to
text: cover, keeps firing.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRAP FREIGHTER - COLEMAN
text: ...taking and returning FIRE from Crockett and Zito and from
text: his left flank from the SWAT team on the bridge...knows every
dialog: moment more he's here, more MPD assets are coming in. He
dialog: wants to finish it faster.
speaker_heading: LOW + WIDE: COLEMAN
text: bails off the freighter onto the dock. DARK-HAIRED ARYAN
text: BROTHER with a full auto AK is with him. They move from
text: cover to cover, their heavy Kevlar body armor absorbing
text: rounds. And they attack Crockett and Zito, who are
text: outgunned.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT + ZITO
text: run for cover, fire three-shot bursts, run and cover. But...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
text: runs from cover into the clear with her handgun firing at the
text: crazy whites, furious at the betrayal by Yero. She's shouting
dialog: in Spanish. It's insane.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: sees Isabella, moves.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
text: sees Isabella, swings his assault rifle onto her as...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Isabella!!
speaker_heading: CROCKETT RUNS
text: and sees Coleman because he's turned he's exposed his legs
text: and Crockett slows and blows Coleman's legs out from under
text: him. Coleman's on the ground, scrambling for his rifle to
text: kill Isabella. Dark-Haired NLR is pulling the trigger on
dialog: Crockett when BOOM...
speaker_heading: TUBBS
text: fires the M40 grenade launcher loaded with shot. Dark-Haired
text: NLR is nearly cut in half.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT + ZITO
text: FIRE at the prone Coleman. Coleman's dead.
scene_heading: WIDER: THE FREIGHTERS - THE FIREFIGHT
text: continues as other NLR battle Miami SWAT. Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
text: goes to Isabella, pulls her into the shadows away from
text: dockside, keeping her low, seemingly away from the police.
dialog: OK, how will they get out of here?
scene_heading: OVER CROCKETT + ISABELLA: TUBBS
text: approaches from the left. Tubbs and Crockett's eyes connect.
speaker_heading: CLOSER: TUBBS
text: sees his partner with this woman. The frozen moment.
text: Isabella doesn't understand the changed expression on Tubbs'
dialog: face. We do.
text: CROCKETT EYE TO EYE WITH HIS PARTNER
text: 50 yards away. All meaning is transmitted. And Tubbs
text: nods...and the nod means: "get her out of here..."
text: As Tubbs speaks into his radio, his right arm belted where it
text: was slashed, heading towards the diminished firefight, now
dialog: under MPD control, as...
text: CROCKETT RACES ISABELLA AWAY
text: through the weeds and scrap, away from the firefight, away
text: from the freighters, AWAY FROM THE POLICE. Beyond them, we
text: hear the gunfight diminishing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CROCKETT + ISABELLA
text: enter from the rubble-filled industrial lot. Cars have
text: stopped, their occupants seeking cover behind them. Crockett
text: hesitates not at all. He grabs a late '80's Mercedes left
text: with its door open. Its owner, a middle-aged man at the
text: curb, starts to object. Crockett raises his gun. Owner
text: demurs. Crockett steals away in it down the street into the
text: night, its lights off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - CROCKETT + ISABELLA
text: breathing. She's hyperventilating. He steadies her. Then,
text: Crockett sees something and she does, too.
scene_heading: CROCKETT'S POV: A ROADBLOCK
text: appears around the corner. Rearview mirror: flashing lights
text: on his tail. Nowhere to go. Crockett stops.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
text: thinks this is it. She's dead. SWAT, shotguns and assault
text: rifles, approach.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - CROCKETT
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Touch the windshield with your
dialog: hands. Let 'em see your hands are
text: empty. Steady.
speaker_heading: SWAT SERGEANT
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: Don't move! Don't move! Keep your
dialog: hands where I can see them...
text: They do. Then the SWAT Sergeant stops...
speaker_heading: SWAT SERGEANT (cont'd)
dialog: ...Sonny?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yeah. Hey, Robert.
text: The police relax, turn away.
speaker_heading: SWAT SERGEANT
dialog: Are you okay?!
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Yeah. Going to Miami General.
dialog: Check out Gina. Everybody's okay.
dialog: Everybody's fine...
text: Crockett nods and drives through the roadblock. He drives
text: away into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - CROCKETT
text: does not look at Isabella. He shoots up the on-ramp onto
text: I-95. His eyes at the moment are world-weary and street-
text: wise. It's all out. All is in the open. Finally, he looks
text: over his right shoulder at her.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
text: stares at him. Incredulous. For the first time she realizes
text: he's the police and has been undercover. And now she hits
dialog: him...
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - MERCEDES
text: swerves across three lanes, up on two wheels, almost rolls,
text: cuts off a semi, which barely recovers, and spins out onto
text: the shoulder, off the shoulder, down into the gravel. It
text: comes to a stop and...
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - ISABELLA
text: tries to bring her .380 around. Crockett overpowers her.
text: Takes the gun. She slams him in the face with a closed fist.
text: He grabs her wrists, spins her around, pushes her at the
text: door, handcuffs her behind her back.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY
text: He floors the Mercedes. It spins through 270 degrees,
text: scattering gravel and dust, and pulls back onto the freeway,
text: driving out of the city, away from Miami, out, into the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - LATER
text: She won't look at him. She won't reply. She's frozen,
text: immobile, withdrawn deep, darkly into herself.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Isabella...?
text: No reply. Isabella wonders where he's taking her, what will
text: happen to her, but she won't ask.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE BLACKTOP THROUGH CYPRESS - NIGHT
text: Nothing. The cypress are silhouettes against a lighter mauve
text: sky. Engine sound. Then, the Mercedes enters and speeds
text: down the empty two-lane blacktop. And at the end, the trees
text: open up and there's the open ocean and, beyond that, the
text: Florida Keys. We see a house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE IN THE CYPRESS - WIDE: NIGHT
text: Door opens. Crockett leads Isabella in. He uncuffs her.
text: She rips away from his hand holding her arm. She walks to
text: the other end of the large room with the picture windows
text: overlooking the water and the jetty and a boat tied up there.
text: Low furniture. Sparse, it was built in the '60's. She walks
text: to a restroom, slams the door. Offscreen, a faucet runs.
text: Suddenly, the door opens. She comes out, glaring, shouting.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: What are you going to do with me?
dialog: Are you taking me to jail? You
dialog: think I will turn into your
dialog: informant, is that it?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MONTOYA COMPOUND, GUAJIRA PENINSULA - COLOMBIAN MILITARY
scene_heading: + DEA TYPES - DAY
text: in stencilled body armor storm in through doors and windows.
text: It is a police action, an assault.
scene_heading: REVERSE: EMPTINESS
text: It's as if no one had ever lived there. A few papers flutter
text: in the breeze from the light wind entering through the open
text: doorways. White papers against white marble against white
text: walls. A profound statement of nobody is home. Wherever
dialog: Montoya is, he is not here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE IN THE CYPRESS - CROCKETT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: staring out the window at the narrow jetty. Isabella sits,
text: distantly, alone at the end.
speaker_heading: CLOSER: ISABELLA
text: Crockett joins her. She's withdrawn into herself.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: No part of it wasn't real.
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: I know.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: And now?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: It still is. I'm so in this, I
dialog: don't know which way is up... All I
dialog: know is I won't let anything bad
dialog: happen to you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just like I said.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I know we can't ever see each
dialog: other again. And we never will.
text: Isabella sits there for a moment. She glances at him, looks
dialog: away. Then...
speaker_heading: ISABELLA
dialog: You said time is luck...
dialog: Meaning, who can tell? There may be a time for them
dialog: somewhere else.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Luck ran out.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This was too good to last.
text: He touches her hand. And she leans all her weight against
text: his arm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CYPRESS HOUSE, BEDROOM - CROCKETT - LATER
text: asleep. The moonlight is silver tinged with green. Someone
text: else had been in the bed with him, but he is there alone,
text: now. Crockett wakes up. He looks around. She was there and
dialog: now she's gone.
text: He gets out of the bed and looks out to the ocean and the
text: jetty. The boat's gone. She's gone. Sonny Crockett looks
text: out the window.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
