dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. SMALL BATHROOM —- EARLY MORNING
text: TIGHT ON A BOTTLE OF “DRAAKAR NOIR COLOGNE. Then TIGHT ON TWO
text: EYES. SLOWLY WIDEN OUT TO REVEAL STEVIE, 12. Caucasian, thin
text: and child like, Stevie stands shirtless in the mirror. His
text: thin frame, hairless arm pits and the sun hitting his baby
text: face make it so he could pass for an eleven year old.
text: He is extremely nervous, looking at himself in the mirror. He
text: then focuses his attention to something on the counter and
text: gets more nervous. He is looking at the bottle of cologne.
text: His eyes dart back and forth at the bottle and the mirror. He
text: starts pacing a little bit.
text: Finally he stops, looks at the bottle, takes a deep breath,
text: and lightning fast grabs the bottle of cologne. He sprays
text: himself five times rapidly and then clumsily and nervously
text: rushes the bottle back in its place.
text: He exhales loudly and looks at himself in the mirror. His
text: face looks almost expressionless but inside he is thinking "I
dialog: did it. It's done. Let's get out of here."
scene_heading: INT. NARROW HALLWAY —- MOMENTS LATER
text: Stevie walks the narrow hallway of his house with his head
text: down. His brother IAN, 17, walks towards him down the hallway
text: with HIS head down. Ian is thicker, taller, and looks a few
text: years older than he is. They pass each other silently like
text: prison inmates in the hall but it is so narrow they graze
text: shoulders ever so slightly. Neither of them make any sort of
dialog: gesture to one and other.
text: Once Ian is a few steps past Stevie his head raises. His face
text: changes to confusion mixed with annoyance. He recognizes the
text: scent on Stevie. Without a moment’s notice Ian RUNS AT STEVIE
text: LIGHTNING FAST and starts BEATING THE SHIT OUT OF HIM.
text: The only sounds we hear are the sounds of slaps and punches
text: hitting flesh in rapid succession. No vocal noise is made or
text: exchanged except for muted grunts from both parties. The
text: beating’s not horrific, but is definitely crossing the line
text: of uncomfortably violent. It's ugly to watch.
text: WHIPPING AROUND THE CORNER of the hallway like a bat out of
text: hell is their Mother, DABNEY, 36. She is wearing a baggy T-
text: shirt and baggy sweatpants. She is screaming and, in the
text: blink of an eye, is tangled up in the violence attempting to
text: stop the beating. She is now hitting and slapping Ian in the
text: same manner he is hitting Stevie.
text: Ian gets up in a flash without saying a word... and is gone.
dialog: Revision 2.
text: Stevie and Dabney sit exhausted across from each other in the
text: hallway, their backs against the wall, breathing insanely
text: heavily, and not saying a word for what seems like forever.
text: Stevie gets up, walks over to Dabney and slumps back down
text: next to her. They sit close. She puts her hand on his face.
text: With his eyes he tells her he is okay. She apologizes with
text: her eyes. CUT WIDE as they continue to breathe heavily.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: TITLE CARD: (This will be an image of the words keyed into
text: the back of a Los Angeles public bus seat):
speaker_heading: MID 90’s
text: CLOSE ON PUMA’S WITH THE FAT LACES PEDALING A BIKE RAPIDLY.
scene_heading: EXT. PALMS NEIGHBORHOOD - MORNING
text: WE WIDEN OUT and see Stevie riding his bike through the Palms
text: area of Los Angeles. He has his headphones on and a mid 90's
text: Hip Sop song plays. He is wearing an oversized white T-shirt
text: and baggy jeans. He gently nods his head to the song.
text: We pass by liquor stores, auto body shops, taco trucks, a
text: store called ULTIMATE that hasn’t yet opened for the day.
text: He continues to nod his head and ride his bike when ALL OF
text: THE SUDDEN the song starts skipping on one of the song’s
text: lyrics. It keeps repeating as Stevie pulls over and stops his
text: bike. He pulls out a beat up DISCMAN and handles it with
text: extreme care like a priceless jewel. He is freaked out
text: something is wrong with it. CLOSE ON DISCMAN as he shakes it
text: and hits the "play/pause" button rapidly. We hear breathing
text: and the noise of the CD reloading and then ALL OF THE SUDDEN
text: the song kicks back in where it left off and Stevie is riding
text: again, nodding his head.
scene_heading: EXT. PALMS MIDDLE SCHOOL
text: Stevie rides up to PALMS MIDDLE SCHOOL. He locks up his bike
text: against a chain link fence.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWELL —- LUNCH
text: Stevie sits with his two friends, RANDON, 13 (an obese white
text: kid) & CHRIS, 13 (rail thin white kid with braces).
dialog: Revision 3.
text: They sit in the stairwell. Stevie uses his shirt to clean his
text: Discman thoroughly. Randon and Chris playing with POGS,
text: little circular paper discs that you stack up and hit with a
text: metal "Slammer". The Pogs that turn over are kept by the
dialog: person who threw down the "Slammer".
speaker_heading: RANDON
dialog: YESSSSSSSS!!!
text: Randon gathers up all of his new pogs.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Fuckin' motherfuckin' cunt-pussy.
speaker_heading: RANDON
dialog: And the “special edition green
dialog: pounder” slammer!
text: Chris reluctantly hands the slammer to Randon.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That's my favorite fucking slammer!
dialog: Fuck! I need a do-over.
speaker_heading: RANDON
dialog: No do-over’s!
dialog: (smiling proudly)
dialog: You’1l have a chance to win it back
dialog: tonight.
text: Chris stared daggers at Randon. Randon realizes he said
text: something he shouldn’t have. Stevie thinks for a second.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Oh, are you guys hanging out
dialog: tonight?
text: Randon and Chris share an uncomfortable look.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah... Randon is gonna sleep at my
dialog: house. You’re welcome to come hang
text: out for a while.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (sensing something is
dialog: weird)
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It’s just... my mom said I could
dialog: only have one friend sleep over. Or
dialog: Whatever.
text: Stevie takes this in. This clearly hurts him very much.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I wish there was something I could
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (this is hard to
dialog: ask/almost pathetic)
dialog: Could you, like, ask her again
dialog: maybe? Like, if that’s not weird?
text: Chris doesn’t know what to say. It’s uncomfortable. Chris and
text: Stevie uncomfortably avoid eye contact.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (very left out)
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Randon and I had already talked
dialog: about it, like, Monday or whatever.
text: Stevie is quiet. Hurt.
speaker_heading: RANDON
dialog: (very well intentioned)
dialog: You should still come and hang out
dialog: and play Pogs.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, and then just go home when
dialog: it’s time to go to sleep or
dialog: whatever?
text: Stevie is hurt and can’t figure out what to say.
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (changing subject)
dialog: It’s your turn.
text: Stevie stands up and begins to walk away.
dialog: Beat of
dialog: Revision 5.
scene_heading: EXT. PALMS MIDDLE SCHOOL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Stevie unlocks his bike. He breathes in five times deeply and
text: grabs the chain link fence with both hands, doubles over and
text: RAMS the top of his head into it like a bull. He SMUSHES the
text: top of his head and part of his face as hard as he can into
text: the fence until he can’t take it anymore. He removes his head
text: but keeps his hands interlocked on the fence. He smushes his
text: head until he exhausts himself.
scene_heading: EXT. PALMS NEIGHBORHOOD - AFTERNOON
text: Stevie rides his bike down the street, listening to his
text: Discman, the batteries die and the song abruptly stops. He
text: stops his bike to see if he can fix the music situation. He
text: hears the sounds of skateboard wheels rolling on concrete,
text: wood slapping on concrete and laughter and shit talking of
text: teenagers. He turns to see what he is hearing.
text: From across the street outside of the Ultimate skate shop,
text: Stevie sees RUBEN ALVAREZ (13, skinny Mexican kid), FUCKSHIT
text: (17, skinny black kid with a shaved head), FOURTH GRADE (15,
text: white kid with long hair and a flannel), JORGE SILVA, (18,
text: handsome Mexican kid who looks like a real athlete), skating
text: outside the shop. There is a boom box playing hip hop music.
text: Ruben is on the ground with a bar of wax, waxing up the curb.
text: The others are doing flip tricks and ollies and 180’s on the
text: sidewalk out front of the shop. The curb is done being waxed
text: and the skaters start riding up and grinding and doing board
text: slides on the waxed up curb. Some fall HARD onto the street
text: while others narrowly avoid being hit by cars. They are
text: cracking jokes and laughing at each other’s expense the whole
text: time lovingly. Fourth Grade films them doing their tricks.
text: Stevie watches this whole scene go down.
text: CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE WATCHING.
text: CLOSE ON CIGARETTES BEING LIT BY SKATERS.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON STEVIE'S EYES.
text: Jorge lands a perfect nose blunt on the curb and lands
text: perfectly. The crew of skaters goes nuts celebrating and
text: slapping their boards on the ground.
text: SLOW MOTION SHOT of the crew running up to him and
text: celebrating his victory. Rubbing of his hair and bro-hugs
text: continue in the slow motion celebration. Fuckshit shakes his
text: head like “that was dope” and can’t not give Jorge a pound.
text: Jorge tries to look at the playback. Fourth Grade whips the
text: camera away.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Nuh uh. No peeking. No one sees
dialog: anything ‘til the whole thing is
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Come on!
text: Stevie clocks this respect and affection between them.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (regarding Jorge)
dialog: Don’t worry, you don’t wanna see
dialog: that sloppy shit anyway, nigga.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Ha! You WISH you were landing that!
text: Ruben laughs.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I don’t know what you’re laughing
dialog: at? I only see you landing
text: kickflips with one foot like a
dialog: bitch!
text: The crew laughs.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I land ‘em on carpet every time.
text: The crew lets out a “come on” noise.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Maybe we can have the city pave all
dialog: the sidewalks with carpet for you,
dialog: nigga!
text: The crew all laughs. Ruben is used to this treatment.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Go back in the store and unpack the
text: boxes of hoodies.
text: Fuckshit playfully pushes Ruben into the store. Ruben runs in
dialog: to do what is asked of him.
text: The crew pays and leaves the store.
text: SLOW MOTION of Stevie watching this. His face is filled with
text: an almost smile.
dialog: 7.
text: The sounds of the skaters’ joy fades out as the sound of the
text: clinking of silverware against plates fades up.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (0.S.)
dialog: You're eating too fast.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - DINNER TABLE - EVENING
text: Stevie and Dabney are mid conversation. There is a third
text: place setting with untouched food and a vacant chair.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (without even thinking)
dialog: You look sloppier than you are when
dialog: you do that.
text: Stevie feels shame. He puts his silverware down and sits up
text: straighter. Beat.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
scene_heading: ANY-WAY.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I haven’t called that guy Todd
dialog: back.
text: Stevie looks up. She needs him to listen.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: He’s nice and everything but I feel
text: like a third date says A LOT.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Do you think you may like him?
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: He’s fine. He’s nice. I’m attracted
dialog: to him and all. It’s just... I
dialog: don’t know. I don’t have a lot of
dialog: time as it is. And I like to spend
dialog: that time with you.
text: Stevie smiles and looks down. Neither of them realize the
dialog: oddness of this dynamic.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re the only person I don’t get
dialog: sick of.
text: They both giggle a little. Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How was school?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (uncomfortable/distraught
dialog: sigh)
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I don’t know. Randon And Chris are
dialog: having a sleepover or whatever.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (quickly/guilt provoking)
dialog: Oh and you want to have a sleepover
dialog: with them? I wouldn’t have cooked
dialog: if that is what you wanted to do...
dialog: So that’s what you want to do?
dialog: (with guilt)
dialog: That’s fine. Fine.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (stopping her)
dialog: No. No. Chris’ mom said only one of
dialog: them could sleep over and I guess
dialog: Chris chose Randon or whatever.
text: Dabney slams her fork down.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: WHAT?!
text: Stevie looks down.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I have had that little shit, no
dialog: offense, over here so many times,
dialog: How dare she make you feel that
dialog: way?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: It’s fine.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (sweetly to Stevie)
dialog: It is fine. You know why? Because
dialog: you and I are going to have so much
dialog: more fun here than... Randon and
dialog: Chris are going to have. It’s a
dialog: good thing if you think about it,
dialog: because we get to have an amazing
dialog: night together.
dialog: Stevie wants to say more about how this hurt him but, he
text: swallows it. He eats more of his food quickly.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Slow down.
text: Dabney puts his fork down and looks into Stevie’s eyes.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You get to watch whatever you want
dialog: tonight.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (hiding pain)
dialog: Yeah. We’ll have more fun together.
text: She puts her hand on Stevie’s face.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: You don’t deserve to feel shitty.
text: Stevie looks down and smiles with his face still in the palm
text: of her hand.
text: Ian enters and breaks up this moment. Ian clocks this sweet
text: moment. He keeps it inside, but he clearly notices their
text: affection for each other. They notice Ian enter. Stevie
text: stiffens up and gathers some courage.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (very nervously trying)
dialog: Hey.
text: Ian doesn’t acknowledge Stevie. This hurts Stevie. Ian
text: quickly picks up his plate of food and walks away.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (calls out to Ian)
dialog: Do you want to eat in here?!
dialog: 10.
text: Ian walks into his bedroom and slams the door. Loud hip hop
text: music plays muffled through the door. SLOW PUSH IN ON THE
scene_heading: DOOR VIBRATING.
text: Back at the table Dabney looks upset. Stevie looks hurt.
text: Stevie looks down at his food. He can’t figure out words to
dialog: say. Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s just...
dialog: (searching for words)
dialog: So angry with me...
dialog: (thinking out loud)
dialog: I'm figuring all this out as I go.
dialog: (a bit sad)
dialog: I don’t know.
text: Stevie feels uncomfortable hearing his mom say she doesn’t
text: know what she’s doing. She clocks Stevie’s discomfort and
text: lightens things up.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (where does the time go?)
text: He turns eighteen this week.
dialog: (beat. Cracks a smile)
dialog: Benihana.
text: Stevie almost smiles.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (very dead pan)
dialog: Should be a blast.
text: They both let out a little laugh. Takes the pressure off.
text: WIDE SHOT ON THEM EATING DINNER.
scene_heading: INT. DABNEY’'S BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Dabney lays in bed in an oversized T-shirt with a blank
text: expression watching the 0.J. SIMPSON TRIAL on television.
text: Stevie sits on the floor at the foot of her bed watching with
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - LATER
text: A JERKY BOYS PRANK CALL plays on the Stevie’s stereo over the
dialog: scene.
dialog: “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” figures and Micro Machine mini
text: cars are strewn all over the floor and desk.
dialog: 11.
text: A “Street Fighter 2” poster, an “NBA JAM” poster, a Bo
text: Jackson poster, and a “DuckTales” poster hang on the walls.
text: “Dinosaurs” plays on a tiny TV in the background on mute. The
text: Baby from “Dinosaurs” hits the Father dinosaur with a pan.
text: Stevie stands in front of his mirror in his underwear. He
text: examines the bruises on his arms and chest from his fight
text: with Ian this morning. He stares into the mirror. CLOSE UPS
text: on the bruises. CLOSE UP on Stevie’s eyes taking them in.
text: He’s not sad or even angry. They’re badges of honor. Like a
text: soldier’s war wounds.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - LATER
text: Stevie hears the front door open. He looks out the window to
text: see Ian getting in his car and driving away. He BOLTS out of
dialog: his room.
scene_heading: INT. IAN'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie bursts into Ian’s room. He doesn’t know how much time
text: he has. Ian’s room is an OCD wet dream. So clean and filled
text: with a teenage obsessive collections.
text: Ian's room is covered with east coast hip hop posters (Nas,
text: O.C., Brand Nubian, Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth, Grand Puba,
dialog: Gang Starr, etc.) and tons and tons of CDs organized
dialog: perfectly in alphabetical order.
text: Stevie delicately inspects them like an archeologist inspects
text: a bone. He notices the names of the albums and rappers. He
text: pulls a pen and piece of paper from his pocket and begins
text: writing down some of the names of the rappers.
text: Stevie brushes his hand gently over the racks of hip hop CDs.
text: He carefully pulls one out like it’s a museum. He puts it in
text: his prized Discman. He sits Indian style on the floor with
text: his back to camera nodding his head to the music. He is
text: enjoying hearing this music so much. Learning who Ian is.
text: Learning about the world of hip hop. HOLD ON Stevie from
text: behind nodding his head.
text: After a long beat, Stevie hears a noise! He scrambles to put
text: the CD he is listening to back in its case. He runs out of
text: Ian’s room and into his room.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS
text: He breathes heavy, almost hyperventilating. He is safe, but
dialog: still needs a minute to calm down.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. SAM GOODY MUSIC STORE - THE NEXT DAY
text: Stevie approaches a FEMALE EMPLOYEE, 20, who is standing in
text: the “Hip Hop” CD aisle.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: FEMALE EMPLOYEE
dialog: How can I help you?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I need to buy a birthday gift for
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: FEMALE EMPLOYEE
dialog: Okay. What’re you thinking?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: He has really, really good taste in
dialog: music. In hip hop.
speaker_heading: FEMALE EMPLOYEE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Okay.
text: Stevie pulls out his list of rappers.
dialog: She looks
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: He probably has all the good ones
dialog: already.
text: at the list and smiles at the cute-ness of it.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But if I could, like, get a really
dialog: good one that he doesn’t have
dialog: yet... that would be really cool.
text: She looks up from the list. She has an idea. She pulls a CD
text: off the rack and hands it to Stevie.
speaker_heading: FEMALE EMPLOYEE
dialog: Does he have this? It just came out
dialog: two days ago.
text: Stevie looks and it’s “LABCABINCALIFORNIA” by The Pharcyde.
text: Stevie’s eyes widen and he smiles while looking at it.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so excited)
dialog: He doesn’t have this. I didn’t see
dialog: this one. He doesn’t have it.
dialog: (serious but excited)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Revision 13.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Like people who know a lot about
dialog: hip hop would like this? And you're
dialog: sure it’s like, really cool?
speaker_heading: FEMALE EMPLOYEE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes, I’m sure.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Thank you.
text: WIDE SHOT of Stevie in line as he pulls out his chain wallet
dialog: and has barely enough money for the CD.
scene_heading: EXT. PALMS STREETS - AFTERNOON
text: Stevie gets caught at a red light on his bike. As he waits
text: for the light to turn green, he sees TWO TEN-YEAR-OLDS start
text: squirting each other with Nerf Super Soaker water guns. SLOW
text: MOTION ON THE KIDS as they are having the time of their
text: lives. Laughing. These kids are only two years younger, but
text: they seem in a different stage of life than Stevie.
text: He is snapped out of his reflection by seeing the skate crew,
text: from the day before, skate by as a crew weaving in and out of
text: cars. This looks like the coolest thing he has ever seen.
text: They seem like such badasses, but they are all interconnected
text: even though they aren’t verbally communicating. They fly past
text: Stevie, leaving him alone.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. STEVIE’S GARAGE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Stevie rummages through the messy garage. He finds what he is
text: looking for! His brother’s warped, old 1980s body skateboard.
text: The body of the skateboard is bigger, bulkier and “neon”-er
text: than the boards he saw the crew from the bodega holding and
text: skating on. The board has a giant, neon Dinosaur screaming
text: “cowabunga” on it. It’s cheesy as hell but to Stevie it’s
dialog: beautiful.
text: He rolls the board back and forth under his foot a few times.
text: The concrete outside his house is smooth.
text: He puts his foot on the board and pushes on the board
text: sloppily with his other foot. He rides on it for a few feet,
text: then jumps off. He does the same thing again.
dialog: He does the same thing...
text: SLAM! He falls on the grass. He’s shocked, but okay. The
dialog: grass kept him from really hurting himself.
dialog: 14.
text: QUICK FLASHES OF THE SKATE CREW SKATING ON THEIR BOARDS DOING
text: TRICKS.
text: QUICK CUTS of Stevie pushing and rolling on his board.
text: Sometimes he jumps off and sometimes he falls off.
text: Stevie carefully puts the board back exactly where it was in
dialog: the garage.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BATHROOM - LATER
text: Stevie looks at himself in the mirror as he practicing a
text: monologue very meticulously and nervously like Luca Brasi in
text: the beginning of “The Godfather”.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: Hey Ian. I’m so sorry to bother
dialog: you... I saw your old skateboard in
dialog: the garage. I notice that you never
dialog: use it... Hi Ian. I was thinking
dialog: that maybe there was a trade that
dialog: could be made for something of mine
dialog: that you... Oh hey Ian. I didn’t
dialog: see you there. I know MY stuff
dialog: sucks but... Hi Ian...
text: Stevie breathes out nervously. He clenches his fist. He
dialog: doesn’t want to blow this.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey Ian. Sorry to bother you...
text: Stevie closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - LATER
text: LOW ANGLE SHOT FROM THE FLOOR UP TO STEVIE AND IAN. Ian and
text: Stevie stare into camera for a long beat of silence. Stevie
text: looks incredibly nervous and is perspiring. Ian looks intense
text: into the camera, thinking hard.
text: A SHOT OF THE SKATEBOARD FACE UP ON STEVIE’S FLOOR.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: How much cash you got?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I... I don’t have any...
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Why?
dialog: Revision 15.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I spent it... on something...
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Fucking dumb fuck.
dialog: (thinks )
dialog: I‘1l trade you for your Discman.
text: Stevie’s face is confused and shocked. This is a massive ask.
dialog: Way bigger than he could have expected.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (very timid)
dialog: Well.
dialog: (beat/looking down)
dialog: It’s just that... I use my
dialog: Discman... all the time... or
dialog: whatever...
dialog: (beat/nervously looking
dialog: down )
dialog: And mom got it for me for my
dialog: birthday... and Christmas... or
dialog: whatever...
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I don’t need to do this.
text: Ian bends down to grab the board.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Wait! Wait!
text: Ian stands back up.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s the one thing in the world I
dialog: can’t trade. I’m begging you.
dialog: Anything else. Literally anything.
text: Ian thinks about this. We see in Ian’s face he is going to
dialog: completely fuck Stevie over on this deal.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (icy)
dialog: You don’t even know about music,
dialog: anyway.
dialog: This hurts Stevie. Beat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Revision 16.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
scene_heading: STEVIE HANDS IAN 10 SUPER NINTENDO GAMES. ALL THE GOOD ONES.
scene_heading: “STREET FIGHTER 2”, “F-ZERO” ETC. STEVIE’S FACE IS ELATED
text: WITH HIS NEW BOARD. HIS FACE SLOWLY TURNS TO CONFUSION OVER
scene_heading: THE POSSIBLY TERRIBLE DEAL HE MAY HAVE JUST BEEN MANIPULATED
text: INTO.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - A LITTLE LATER
text: Stevie obsessively practices on his new board. He can glide
dialog: pretty much every time without falling off. Over and over and
dialog: over again.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - THAT EVENING
text: Stevie, Dabney and Ian exit the house. Ian, Stevie and Dabney
text: wear their “fancy clothes”. The boys in baggy polo shirts and
text: baggy khakis. Dabney in a dress. Stevie has the CD he bought
text: for Ian, crudely wrapped in newspaper. There are two cars
text: parked out front. Ian and Dabney walk towards their own cars.
text: Stevie gathers up some courage and walks towards Ian’s car.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (regarding the gift)
dialog: I got you...
text: He barely takes two steps towards Ian’s car as...
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (sharply grumbles)
text: GO WITH MOM.
text: Stevie JUMPS BACK like a scared puppy. Ian hustles to his car
text: and gets in. Stevie slowly shuffles towards Dabney’s car
dialog: disappointed.
scene_heading: INT. BENIHANA RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Dabney, Ian and Stevie sit at a group table at Benihana with
text: strangers filling out the rest of the table. A YOUNG WHITE
text: COUPLE, 30, and AN AFRICAN AMERICAN MAN, 64, and his
text: GRANDSON, 11. The BENIHANA CHEF is doing his thing on the
text: grill. It is quiet amongst the three of them as they watch.
text: It’s an uncomfortable dinner. Stevie has the CD he bought on
text: the table with his hand on top of it.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (to Ian)
dialog: At my eighteenth birthday party I
dialog: was breast feeding you.
dialog: 17.
text: The boys say nothing. It’s an uncomfortable image for all
dialog: parties.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to herself almost)
dialog: I was a baby who had a baby. Jesus,
dialog: could you imagine if you had a baby
dialog: right now?
text: Dabney laughs to herself at how insane that seems and how
text: insane it was at the time. Ian takes a deep breath. This
text: subject matter strikes a deep nerve with him. Stevie is
text: listening but more focused on the gift he has for Ian.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’re you gonna do with your
dialog: friends tonight?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (rushed/quiet)
dialog: chill.
dialog: Beat. No other explanation.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Sounds fun.
text: The chef flips a shrimp tail into his shirt pocket. The
text: couple and the Grandpa and Grandson smile and clap. Dabney,
text: Ian and Stevie sit in silence.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I got you a present.
text: Dabney hands Ian a card in an envelope. He takes it. Rips it
text: open, doesn’t read the card, opens it, takes out the two
text: twenty dollar bills and puts the money in his pocket and puts
text: the card and trash on the table without ever reading the
text: card. He looks back down at his plate. Dabney looks offended
dialog: but not surprised.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (looking down/barely
dialog: audible)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Deep breath from Dabney.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: You. Are. Welcome. Ian.
dialog: 18.
text: Beat. Stevie looks very nervous. He is gathering up the
text: courage to give Ian his gift. His heart is racing. He takes a
text: deep breath.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I... uhh... got this. Here.
text: Stevie hands it to Ian. Stevie’s heart is RACING, he tries
text: not to look to eager to see Ian’s reaction.
text: Ian grabs the present and rips open the newspaper. He quickly
text: looks at the CD and with no expression puts the CD and the
text: trash down on the table without looking at it again. With no
text: emotion or expression, Ian makes the slightest hint of a head
text: nod to Stevie in his direction. He shows no appreciation or
dialog: enjoyment of the gift.
text: Stevie is CRUSHED. He swallows it the best he can, but this
text: stings more than anything we’ve seen sting Stevie thus far.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (to Dabney/looking at his
dialog: plate)
dialog: How much longer is this?
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Until we’re done eating dinner.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: I want to leave.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Well we ordered and I’m paying for
dialog: this food, so you’re staying.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (shaking his head/looking
dialog: at plate)
dialog: Whatever.
text: The chef scoops chicken and shrimp onto Dabney’s plate. She
text: forces a smile to the chef then back to Ian.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (to chef)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (to Ian/muted yell)
dialog: What is wrong with you?
text: Ian says nothing and just stares at his plate.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do you make it so difficult to
dialog: be around you?
text: Ian still looks at his plate.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (aggressive to Dabney)
dialog: Shut the fuck up.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: What did you just say to me?!
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: I said: “Shut. The Fuck. Up.”
text: The African American Grandfather uncomfortably tries to talk
text: louder to his Grandson so he doesn’t hear this argument.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Just leave if this is so fucking
dialog: miserable for you! You think we
dialog: want to be here?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (serious and scary)
dialog: You're a fucking BITCH!
text: Ian darts up and leaves the table. Dabney flinches with a mix
text: of anger and fear. She puts her face in her hands and lets an
text: emotional grunt into her hands. Ian leaves the CD on the
text: table. Stevie looks shattered. He just stares at the CD. Left
dialog: to die.
dialog: It is very unpleasant and uncomfortable with the other people
text: at the table and with the Chef.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (to the other patrons)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Dabney starts crying in her hands. Stevie consoles Dabney by
text: rubbing her back.
text: HOLD ON A CLOSE UP OF STEVIE HOLDING BACK HIS OWN TEARS.
text: WIDE SHOT of the uncomfortable table at Benihana with the
text: strangers. Stevie is crushed. Everyone else in the restaurant
dialog: is having fun.
dialog: 20.
text: HOLD ON CLOSE UP OF THE CD FOR A LONG BEAT.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SKATE SHOP - ACROSS THE STREET - THE NEXT DAY
text: THE CAMERA LEADS STEVIE AS HE SKATES ACROSS THE STREET.
text: His face is determined and displays a nervous hardness. Cars
text: pass as he dodges them, he stops short, lets them pass They
text: honk at him and then he keeps pushing.
text: He gets to the other side of the street outside the shop. He
text: picks up his board and walks up the curb. He reaches the
text: front door of the shop. He puts his hand on the handle. He
text: takes a deep breath. He enters the shop.
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE SKATE SHOP —- CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie quietly enters the shop for the first time, trying to
text: be as stealth as possible. The door opens loudly.
text: Stevie looks overwhelmed. We feel the energy of all the
dialog: skaters we saw in the bodega filling the store, but we only
text: see pieces of them sitting down in a couch area in the back.
text: We hear them yelling, talking shit and laughing with each
text: other. They are blocked by various clothing racks.
text: Stevie walks through the store as quietly and incognito as
dialog: possible.
text: He sees a giant wall lined with SKATE DECKS (Girl, Chocolate,
dialog: Flip, Hook Ups, Alien Workshop, World Industries, Plan B,
text: Blind etc.). He notices how subversive the artwork is on all
text: the skate decks. He keeps walking. He sees another wall lines
text: with SKATE SHOES. On another side, he sees glass encasements
text: filled with SKATE TRUCKS, SKATE WHEELS and SKATE STICKERS.
text: He’s puzzled and not sure how all the pieces fit together. He
text: walks through RACKS of T-SHIRTS and HOODIES that fill the
text: middle section of the store. The voices of the crew grow
text: louder as Stevie gets closer.
text: Through the T-shirts we see Ruben, Fourth Grade, and Jorge
text: sitting on couches and the floor surrounding a television.
text: The crew is watching a skate video and talking shit to each
dialog: other.
text: Behind the couches is a work area, where boards are set up.
text: Fuckshit is behind the work area setting up a board for a
scene_heading: YOUNG CUSTOMER.
text: Stevie looks at all the cool boards on the walls. Examines
text: all the trucks and wheels in the glass cases.
dialog: 21.
text: Walks back over to the T-shirts and pretends to look at them
text: but really is looking at the crew hanging out. No one even
text: looks in his direction or asks him if he needs help with
text: something. Stevie watches.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: A baseball hat is held by a hand as money is stuffed inside
text: by various hands. WE WIDEN OUT to reveal Fourth Grade holding
dialog: the hat.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
text: Ante up. Everyone pitches in for
dialog: tape so I can film.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I just kicked in, nigga.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: That was a week ago. And without
dialog: footie, no one’s going pro around
dialog: here, son. Greater good, yo.
text: Fuckshit nods his head understanding. He pulls out a couple
text: bills and tosses them in Fourth Grade’s hat. They all go back
text: to watching Plan B’s “Virtual Reality” skate video on the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (fantasy mode)
dialog: Okay, if you could go pro for one
dialog: team, who would it be?
text: The whole crew gets excited at this day dream.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Easy. Girl or Chocolate or Menace.
dialog: Easy.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Chocolate or Menace for sure.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Fuck. Chocolate, yeah, that’s the
dialog: one. Imagine you and me decked out
dialog: in all Chocolate gear. Free gear
dialog: they just send us on the regular.
dialog: We'd have the whole crew decked out
dialog: in all Chocolate gear.
text: Fuckshit and Jorge smile. They’ve had this day dream before.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: I already know what the first
dialog: graphic on my board would be: A
dialog: sick illustration with me wrapped
dialog: in the Mexican flag manualing the
text: stage at the courthouse.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (super into it)
dialog: So sick, nigga. So sick.
text: He and Jorge give a hand shake.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what my first board graphic
dialog: would be. The Tribe Called Quest
dialog: album cover with all the rappers
dialog: heads on it, but it would be our
text: whole crew's heads on it.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: That’s tight!/So Dope!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: That would be so sick, yo. We'd
dialog: never have to buy boards again.
dialog: Free boards forever.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatever team we end up on. It’s us
dialog: together.
text: Fuckshit gives Jorge another excited hand shake.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (joyously)
dialog: That's what’s up, nigga. That’s
dialog: what’s up.
text: The crew sits happily and thinks about this day dream.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Stevie is at a closer rack of clothes pretending to browse,
text: but is secretly watching the crew watch videos and talk shit.
text: There are a few other DIFFERENT RANDOM SKATER KIDS are
text: browsing and hanging out in the store. A classic intro to a
text: WU TANG CLAN song blasts on the stereo.
text: SUPER CLOSE UP ON FUCKSHIT’S FACE AS HE PERFECTLY RAPS THE
text: INTRO TO THE SONG.
text: When the beat kicks in we WIDEN OUT. Fuckshit is standing up
text: rapping every word perfectly.
dialog: 23.
text: He is jumping up and down getting everyone hyped up. The crew
text: is into it and laughing and playfully punching him. Stevie is
text: smiling and laughing at this infectious joyous energy.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Stevie is waiting by the glass case in front of the store
text: with the stickers in them. He admires all of the amazing
text: stickers. He sees a copy of Thrasher and Big Brother magazine
text: on the counter. He flips through them delicately. Ruben
text: finally approaches Stevie.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Yo.
text: Stevie is pretty stunned anyone in here has acknowledged him,
dialog: let alone talked to him.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Uhh... hey.
text: Uncomfortable silence.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Do you need something?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Oh. Uhh... can I have this sticker?
text: Stevie thoughtfully and carefully points.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And that one, please?
text: Ruben slides open the glass, grabs them and tosses them on
text: the glass towards Stevie.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Two bucks.
text: Stevie takes out his chain wallet and takes two bucks out.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What grade are you in?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Seventh.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Me too. Where do you go to school?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Palms.
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Crenshaw.
text: DING! Fuckshit walks into the store with a Subway Sandwich in
text: a clear Subway plastic bag. He walks by Stevie and sees the
text: board he’s holding.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (very dry/subtly
dialog: sarcastic)
dialog: Cool board.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (not getting the sarcasm)
dialog: Thanks!
text: Fuckshit has already kept walking. Ruben smiles about the
dialog: interaction.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Atight.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Cool. Thanks.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Later.
text: Stevie leaves the store. Once he is outside he has a HUGE
text: beaming smile. They acknowledged him.
scene_heading: EXT. MAGAZINE STAND —- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Stevie skates up to the magazine stand. He scans the racks
text: through the fitness mags, beauty mags, and on the bottom
text: right finally finds the skate magazines. He grabs a copy of
text: Thrasher, Slap and Big Brother. He pays the guy and skates
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT
text: Stevie practices skating obsessively. Quick cuts of him
text: riding back and fourth on the sidewalk. Turning, zigzagging,
text: etc. He is sweating. It’s getting later and later into the
dialog: night.
text: Dabney finally calls him in from the front door.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Stevie! It’s late! Come on!
text: Stevie picks up his board and runs inside.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: QUICK CUTS of Stevie taking down Ninja Turtle and NBA JAM
text: posters and putting up his two stickers and tear-outs from
text: his skate magazines with scotch tape. His room is now three-
text: quarters kid posters and one wall is all skating.
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE - THE NEXT DAY
text: DING! Stevie enters the store. Unlike last time the store is
text: quiet and empty. He wanders towards the back, but no one is
text: there. As he gets towards the very back he hears noise coming
text: from outside the back door. He follows the sounds.
text: The back door, which is half open, leads to a parking lot.
text: Partially obscured by the door, we see the crew skating.
text: Stevie creeps outside with his board.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE - BACK PARKING LOT
text: Stevie watches the kids skate. They’re attempting and landing
text: some cool tricks as music plays from a ghetto blaster.
text: Stevie sits on the ground with his back against the wall and
text: his board flipped up next to him. He continues to watch the
text: tricks and commit them to memory. He spins the wheel of his
text: board with his hand while watching.
text: Jorge walks by and notices Stevie’s board.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (dry/sarcastic)
dialog: Nice board, yo.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (elated/unaware of the
dialog: sarcasm)
dialog: Thanks!
text: Jorge smiles, shakes his head and skates off. Ruben attempts
text: a kickflip and lands it with one foot as Stevie watches.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Fuck!
dialog: 26.
text: Ruben skates over next to Stevie, but doesn’t notice him.
text: Stevie is subtly trying to make eye contact with the only
text: person he’s broken ground with within the crew. Ruben picks
text: up the bottom of his T-shirt and wipes the sweat from his
text: eyes with it. He picks up a gallon of water from the ground
text: and starts chugging. Late in his chug he notices Stevie
text: sitting there. He takes the gallon away from his mouth.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Stevie)
dialog: Oh, what’s up fool?
text: Stevie smiles.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Skating like shit today, man.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (unsure what to say)
dialog: Looks cool to me.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (a compliment is a
dialog: compliment )
dialog: I’m Ruben.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Stevie.
text: They give a “teenager new acquaintance lazy hand shake”.
text: Ruben clocks Stevie’s wack 80s board. He wants to say
text: something but he decides not to embarrass him. He just kind
text: of smiles and shakes his head. Jorge skates over to them and
text: picks up the jug of water which is now empty.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (to Ruben re: empty jug)
dialog: Will you go fill this up, yo?
text: Ruben instinctively goes to refill it. He thinks of something
text: and stops in his tracks.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (to Stevie/in front of
dialog: Jorge)
dialog: Yo Stevie, go fill up this jug with
dialog: water?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (with excitement)
dialog: For sure!
text: Stevie’s eyes light up. He is excited to be given a task by
text: Ruben and in some way help or be involved with the skating.
text: He runs off with the jug with enthusiasm.
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE STORE BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie is filling up the jug with water at the sink. He is
text: smiling wide. Happy to be a part of this at all.
scene_heading: EXT. OUT FRONT OF THE ULTIMATE SHOP - LATER
text: Stevie practices the cool tricks he saw the crew doing in the
text: back parking lot by himself. QUICK FLASHES of the crew
text: members doing their tricks intercut with Stevie’s awful
text: misguided attempts. He slams and falls constantly trying
text: these tricks. He can take it. He gets up. Scrapes and all.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SHOP - BACK PARKING LOT - LATER
text: Stevie watches them skate and gathers up his courage. He
text: takes a few deep breaths.
text: Stevie puts the board under his left foot and rolls it back
text: and forth under his foot a couple times. There is something
dialog: really rough and intense about this.
text: Stevie puts his left foot on the board and kicks a couple of
text: times, pushing him into the middle of the parking lot in full
text: view of the crew. The crew watches him like a new young cub
dialog: in the animal kingdom.
text: He GETS ON THE BOARD and coasts for a couple of feet. He then
text: does his pathetic attempt at an ollie... SLAM! Stevie CRASHES
text: INTO THE CONCRETE. He is in a lot of pain and shock. We are
text: CLOSE on his face and the gravel underneath it.
text: The crew ERUPTS into laughter, mocking the shit out of
dialog: Stevie. We stay CLOSE on Stevie. He all of the sudden LEAPS
text: up to his feet. The pain of falling didn’t phase him AT ALL.
text: Ruben is watching. A bit worried and embarrassed for Stevie.
text: QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE GRABBING HIS BOARD.
text: QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE ROLLING IT UNDER HIS LEFT FOOT A
scene_heading: COUPLE OF TIMES.
dialog: 28.
text: Stevie pushes a couple of times and starts gliding again. He
text: is gliding for a few moments with determination on his face
text: and he busts another ugly attempt at an ollie and... SLAM!
text: CLOSE again on his face and the gravel underneath it. His
text: face isn’t shocked this time. He’s okay.
text: The crew laughs even harder this time.
text: Stevie LEAPS UP and brushes off some dirt. He is filthy. He
text: makes eye contact with Ruben. Ruben’s expression is “what the
dialog: fuck are you doing?” Stevie’s not bailing.
text: Stevie sees Fourth Grade is filming him now and the crew
text: laughing at him.
text: QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE GRABBING HIS BOARD.
text: QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE ROLLING IT UNDER HIS LEFT FOOT A
scene_heading: COUPLE OF TIMES.
text: Stevie pushes a couple of times and starts gliding again. He
text: glides for a few moments, determination on his face. He busts
text: another awkward attempt at an ollie...and SLAMS EVEN HARDER.
text: It took the wind out of him but won’t let it stop him.
text: CLOSE again on his face and the gravel underneath it. Stevie
dialog: could not give a fuck about the pain. He won’t fucking stop.
text: He LEAPS UP again.
text: The sees the crew’s faces changing to subtly from laughing at
text: him to slightly impressed with how hard of slams he’s taking
text: and picking himself back up again. Big balls.
text: QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE GRABBING HIS BOARD.
text: QUICK CUT CLOSE UP OF STEVIE ROLLING IT UNDER HIS LEFT FOOT A
scene_heading: COUPLE OF TIMES.
text: A hand grabs him by the shirt off the board. It’s Ruben’s
text: hand. He picks up Stevie’s board and walks Stevie into the
dialog: store.
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE SHOP - HANG OUT AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: Ruben is walking fast and Stevie is following him through the
dialog: store.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Come here.
dialog: 29.
text: Ruben walks him out of the store to the front of the store
text: where no one is skating.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SHOP - OUT FRONT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ruben and Stevie stand out front of the shop with their
dialog: boards.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (in shock)
dialog: Are you fucking crazy, yo?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Did I do something wrong?
dialog: Ruben thinks.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: DUDE. That was embarrassing as shit
dialog: for you, yo!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (beating himself up)
dialog: Oh. Damn.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: And do you, like, not feel pain or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: You slammed fucking hard a TON of
dialog: times and it didn’t even phase you
dialog: for a second?
text: Stevie thinks for a beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (genuine to Ruben)
dialog: I just really want to get better.
text: Ruben takes this in. Shakes his head. Beat.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: You're fucking crazy, yo.
dialog: (thinks )
dialog: I think what you’re trying to do, I
dialog: can’t tell because that looked
dialog: fucking insane to me, is an ollie.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: It basically is what it’s called
dialog: when you jump off the ground with
dialog: your board. You can’t do any
dialog: fucking tricks if you can’t ollie,
dialog: yo.
text: Ruben thinks for a moment and then picks up Stevie’s board
text: and places Stevie’s back wheels of his board in the crack of
dialog: the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Get on the board.
text: Stevie gets on the board silently.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: The wheels are in the crack so you
dialog: won’t roll away and you can do this
dialog: shit over and over. Like a billion
dialog: times in a row. Because it’s gonna
dialog: take that many before you can do
dialog: it. Just keep doing it.
text: Stevie nods his head. Ruben places his board parallel to
text: Stevie and steps on it so Stevie can watch him.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: When you pop back on your tail,
dialog: you're going to slide your front
dialog: foot to the front as you jump so
dialog: you pop up into the air and the
dialog: board stays with you.
text: Ruben does a perfect ollie. The board looks as if it’s stuck
text: to his feet.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You go.
dialog: Stevie does the lamest looking attempt at an ollie you’ve
dialog: ever seen.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn, son. That was the ugliest
dialog: shit I’ve ever seen in my life.
dialog: Eww. Come chill for a minute.
dialog: You're gonna have a fucking heart
dialog: attack.
dialog: 31.
text: Stevie sits next to Ruben. He’s sweaty and out of breath.
text: Ruben pulls out a pack of Camel Lights and a lighter. Stevie
dialog: is NOT used to being around people his age smoking cigarettes
text: and we see it on his face. It’s quiet except for cars passing
text: by. Ruben lights his cigarette. He offers one to Stevie.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here.
text: Stevie looks fucking terrified as HELL but he doesn’t want to
text: be seen as lame for not taking one. HE nervously takes a
text: cigarette out of Ruben’s pack. Ruben hands him the lighter.
text: He very awkwardly lights his first cigarette. He puffs it
text: awkwardly without inhaling, trying his best not to cough. It
text: looks VERY unnatural. Ruben chuckles.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: You don’t smoke do you?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (debating on whether to
dialog: lie)
dialog: Uh. I mean... not like... a lot.
text: Ruben looks at him like “come on dude”.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
text: Very casually.
text: Stevie takes another awkward puff. He tries not to cough.
text: Smoke gets in his eyes and it’s uncomfortable. Ruben laughs.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: You’re funny, yo.
text: Stevie takes a break from his cigarette and rests it on the
text: edge of the bench.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: So, how long have you skated for?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (thinks )
dialog: Since last year...
dialog: (squinting/thinking)
dialog: Maybe like eight months?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so interested)
dialog: You love it?
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Yeah, it’s cool.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Yeah, I do.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: Thanks for teaching me that.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (confused/upset )
dialog: What’re you gay?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
speaker_heading: WHAT?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
speaker_heading: (what the FUCK)
dialog: Why the fuck are you... THANKING me
dialog: and shit?
text: Stevie is freaked out and confused.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: You think I’m gay because I thanked
dialog: you for helping me?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Yeah. Don’t fuckin’... THANK
dialog: people, man. That’s gay as hell,
dialog: yo.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t know that.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (smoking/calming down)
dialog: It’s fine. Now you know.
text: It’s a little uncomfortably silent.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (shaking his head/under
dialog: his breath)
dialog: Fuckin’ weirdo.
text: Silence. Stevie is worried he’s blown everything.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (gotta get something off
dialog: my chest)
dialog: Can I tell you something?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Yeah. Sure.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: You gotta get a new fucking board,
dialog: dude.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: YES. That shit is eighties as fuck
dialog: and has a wack ass neon
text: Velociraptor on it screaming
dialog: “cowabunga”. You look retarded, yo.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (maybe you're off on this
dialog: one)
dialog: Are you sure? Everyone keeps
dialog: complimenting me on it.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: They're fucking with you, Stevie.
text: Stevie realizes and is hurt.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (sad)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (it’s okay)
dialog: It's fine. Everyone here fucks with
dialog: each other non-fucking stop. You
dialog: just gotta get a new board fucking
dialog: fast, yo.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Okay, I will. For sure. How much
dialog: are they?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Hundred twenty for a complete.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: I don’t have that kind of money.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: I’1l sell you my used setup for 40
dialog: bucks.
text: Stevie thinks this over. He may be able to swing that.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Don’t you need your board?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I’m saving up for an “Ultimate”
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so curious)
dialog: What’s an “Ultimate” board?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (super proud)
dialog: It’s the shop team’s board. You
dialog: have to be ALLOWED to buy one. You
dialog: can’t just walk in off the street
dialog: and buy one.
dialog: (now bragging)
dialog: I just got the okay from the crew,
dialog: so now once I get the money, I can
dialog: get an Ultimate board.
dialog: All Stevie wants in this universe is to be allowed to buy an
text: Ultimate board one day.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: So I'll sell you mine for forty
dialog: bucks which is a dope ass price.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Than....
text: Stevie is about to speak, but stops himself. Reconsiders.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I was about to thank you, but I
dialog: know now how gay that is.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (what the fuck)
dialog: You don’t have to say that shit
dialog: either. Just fuckin’ say nothing,
dialog: yo. Jesus Fucking Christ.
text: Stevie smiles.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Ruben chuckles to himself.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: You're fuckin’ funny, yo. Weird as
dialog: hell but funny.
text: They both laugh a little. Stevie realizes something.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: I don’t know, probably like eight?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (super nervous)
dialog: Oh man. I... I gotta go, man.
text: Stevie gets up.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Aight, man.
text: Stevie gathers himself and his board.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: You don’t have to be home at a
dialog: certain time?
text: Ruben looks down for a beat. He stares down.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (brushing it off)
dialog: Nah. It’s better for me if I get
dialog: home after my mom is asleep.
text: Uncomfortable heavy silence.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (picks up on the trouble
dialog: at home but doesn’t know
dialog: what to say)
dialog: Oh.
text: Beat. Ruben looks up finally.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: See you tomorrow?
dialog: Stevie lights up! Ruben just invited him back to the shop!
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (smiling like an idiot)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: A'ight.
text: Ruben reaches out for the “lazy new homie handshake”. Stevie
text: skates off smiling from ear to fucking ear.
scene_heading: INT. SHELL STATION BATHROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: Stevie bursts into the gas station bathroom with his board.
text: He immediately, and in a mad rush, heads over to the sink. He
text: starts pumping excessive amounts of soap all over his arms,
text: hands, face and scrubbing it off with water. He smells his
text: breath and can tell it smells like smoke. He’s panicked. He
text: literally begins to wash his mouth out with soap
text: aggressively. He continues pumping soap, lathering and
text: washing out the soap from his mouth manically.
scene_heading: EXT. PALMS STREETS - MINUTES LATER
text: Stevie is skating home as fast as he can. All of the sudden,
text: it starts pouring rain. He keeps skating even though it’s
text: slippery and new to him. He has to get home.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - FRONT ENTRANCE - MINUTES LATER
text: We hear the keys jangling outside and the lock open. Stevie
text: BURSTS through the front door. Dabney rushes from the kitchen
text: to greet him.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Stevie?
dialog: (then)
dialog: You're soaking!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I’m so sorry, I lost track of time,
dialog: I’m so sorry it won’t happen again.
dialog: Sorry.
text: Dabney is confused.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
text: It’s only seven thirty.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (sigh of relief)
dialog: Oh. Great.
dialog: 37.
text: Dabney is puzzled and amused. Stevie is worried she will
text: smell smoke. He takes off to his room.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (running)
dialog: I’m gonna put on dry clothes.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie bursts through the door and slams it shut behind him.
text: He takes off his shirt and dries himself off with it. He
text: looks at his board and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: So lame.
text: He looks out the window and it’s pouring. He looks back at
text: his board. He wants to skate more, but it’s pouring. He puts
text: his board on the carpet and stands on it. He practices some
text: ollies on the carpet. He doesn’t notice how loud the sound is
text: inside the house. He does a few more.
text: Dabney BURSTS through Stevie’s door! It scares the shit out
text: of him. She is scared also.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: What is that noise?! Are you okay?!
text: She sees it’s the skateboard. She laughs a bit.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’re you doing, kid?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
text: Practicing.
text: She laughs. It’s cute. She throws herself on his bed on her
text: stomach with her head at the foot of the bed facing Stevie.
text: It’s an invasion of Stevie’s space. He is annoyed by it but
text: swallows it. He sits in his desk chair.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (relieved/laughing)
dialog: You scared the shit out of me.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Sorry. I would have practiced
text: outside but it’s pouring.
text: She thinks for a moment.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: You love this skateboarding, huh?
text: Stevie looks at her sincerely.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (half smiling)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Actually, there’s something I
dialog: wanted to talk to you about.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Always.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: I wanted to... ask you... for money
dialog: for a new board.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Didn’t Ian just give you that
dialog: board? It was ACTUALLY nice of him
dialog: to do that and it’s perfectly good.
text: Stevie protects his lie that Ian gave it to him and launches
text: into his argument.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: The thing is. It’s not. I know that
dialog: seems weird to you, but it’s like,
dialog: from the eighties and it has like a
text: neon dinosaur and says “cowabunga”
dialog: and stuff on it.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: So? Dinosaurs are cool.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: It’s like... not a cool board. I
dialog: need one of the “cool” brands or
dialog: whatever.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (wishing she could)
dialog: I'm sorry, kid.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Please Mom?
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: No.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Mom, I’m begging you. Please?
dialog: Please? I’m begging you. I’m gonna
dialog: be a joke.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Kid. I want to give you everything
dialog: in the whole world. I do. But I
dialog: don’t have money to just throw away
dialog: on skateboards. I’m sorry. I’m sure
dialog: it’s not as bad as you think.
text: Stevie looks down, bummed.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (trying to cheer him up)
dialog: On the bright side, it’s Saturday!
dialog: Blockbuster night!
text: Stevie is still bummed.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You can choooooose. “Defending Your
dialog: Life”?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I can’t. Sorry. I have to practice.
text: Dabney is hurt and confused.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
text: Not in the house. And it’s pouring
dialog: out?
text: Beat. Stevie gets up and picks up his board.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (upset)
dialog: I'll survive.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (upset/guilting him)
dialog: That hurts my feelings, Stevie. We
dialog: always watch movies on Saturday
dialog: night. Do you realize you're
dialog: hurting me?
dialog: Beat.
dialog: Revision 40.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (under his breath but she
dialog: can hear)
dialog: You’1l survive.
text: Dabney is hurt. Stevie leaves the room without wearing a
text: shirt still and shuts the door.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - 2 HOURS LATER
text: It is pouring and Stevie is shirtless, practicing his ollies
text: angrily and with determination. Over and over. He is soaked.
text: He falls some of the times, but continues and practices more.
text: He looks at the window of Dabney’s bedroom. He can see her
text: watching “Defending Your Life” by herself. She seems worried
text: and lonely. Stevie takes this in and feels guilty. He watches
text: for a moment and debates going inside. He does. We stay on
text: Dabney’s bedroom from outside in the rain and HOLD for a few
text: moments. After a bit, we see Stevie enter her bedroom and go
text: sit on the floor in front of her bed in his usual spot. They
text: say nothing. They both just silently watch. She cracks a
text: slight smile, relieved the fight is over.
scene_heading: INT. DABNEY’S BEDROOM - THE NEXT DAY
text: We are over Ian and Stevie’s shoulders as they look at
text: Dabney’s dresser drawer next to her bed. Dabney is out of the
text: house. It’s silent. Finally...
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (scared)
dialog: I don’t know...
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Don’t be a pussy. It’s the only
dialog: way.
text: We are now on a TWO SHOT of Ian and Stevie. Stevie looks
text: really terrified and really uncomfortable with doing this.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: This...doesn’t feel right...
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: You came to me and said you needed
dialog: forty bucks. That’s a lot of
dialog: fucking money. Just open the drawer
dialog: and grab forty for you and forty
dialog: for me. Simple.
text: Stevie’s eyes become a bit glassy. This feels very wrong.
dialog: Revision 4l.
speaker_heading: IAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (manipulating)
dialog: Fine I’m fuckin’ outta here. You’re
dialog: acting like a fucking baby...
text: Ian turns to leave, but knows Stevie will cave.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Fine! Fine!
text: Stevie is upset with himself for doing this, but has no other
text: choice. He knows this is very wrong. He opens the door and
text: VERY CAREFULLY grabs eighty dollars in cash from Dabney’s
text: money stash. He closes the drawer shut and looks like he
text: might start crying. Ian grabs his forty bucks and leaves the
text: room. HOLD ON Stevie looking incredibly guilty. He looks at
text: his forty bucks. He catches a glimpse of himself in the
text: mirror. His eyes glass up again. He’s mad at himself for
text: doing this. He spits at the mirror onto the reflection of his
text: face. He looks at himself in the mirror with shame. Beat.
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE SHOP - LATER THAT DAY
text: Stevie gives Ruben the forty bucks and Ruben gives him Stevie
text: used board. It is a new style shape, but the graphics are all
text: smeared from use and the trucks are all grinded down.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: This is a sick deal. You’re lucky
dialog: you caught me at the right time.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so thrilled)
dialog: Thank...
dialog: (rapidly changing his
dialog: words )
dialog: I... do... not... appreciate...
dialog: this?
text: Stevie and Ruben share a laugh. Stevie looks at his “new”
text: board like it’s the Mona Lisa.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (to the rest of the crew)
dialog: I got the money, yo! I got the
dialog: money!
text: Jorge and Fourth Grade head over to Ruben.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: That’s what’s up!
dialog: 42.
text: Fuckshit grabs a brand new Ultimate deck off of the wall. He
text: smiles and brings it over to Ruben. Ruben is smiling from ear
text: to ear. This is a MASSIVE moment for him. Ruben hands the
text: money over to Fuckshit. This is a joyous moment for everyone.
text: Stevie is excited for Ruben. Stevie’s face says, “I would do
dialog: anything to have this be me one day”. The crew gives Ruben
text: props and fist bumps. Ruben smiles at Stevie, bragging
text: silently about his new status. Stevie smiles back. Happy for
dialog: his new pal.
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE SKATE SHOP - AFTERNOON
text: The whole crew is in the couch area of the shop watching
dialog: Kareem Campbell’s World Industries’ “New World Order” skate
text: video and talking to each other.
text: Stevie sits on the floor admiring his new treasure. He has
text: not yet earned a place on the couch. He is able to listen in
text: on the conversations, but is not included in them.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Okay, okay, okay. I don’t fuckin’
dialog: get this one. Why do people say
dialog: Mexicans are lazy and shit?
text: The crew laughs. Some uncomfortably. The crew looks at Jorge.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Why the fuck are you looking at me?
dialog: That’s fucked up! Do people say
dialog: that shit?
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I heard that shit. But it doesn’t
dialog: make any sense to me. Every time I
dialog: see a Mexican dude he’s building
dialog: like a fucking building and shit,
dialog: nigga.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: That’s fucked up, yo.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I didn’t say I say that. I said
dialog: PEOPLE do! The whole point of this
dialog: game is you can’t get offended.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Okay. Okay. Fine. Fourth Grade, I
dialog: got one: Why are white people so
dialog: fuckin’ obsessed with their dogs?
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: Ahhh! RIGHT?!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: All my white friend’s parents have
text: a dog that they talk about like
dialog: it’s one of their kids and shit,
dialog: like:
dialog: (valley girl impression)
dialog: “Eric has been, like, really in his
dialog: own world lately”.
text: The crew cracks up.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I don’t even have a dog. I have a
text: Gecko.
text: The crew laughs hard at this.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: A GECKO?!
text: They laugh harder.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know ONE NIGGA in the
dialog: universe with a gecko!
text: The crew is dying.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: That is the whitest fucking animal
dialog: on planet earth, nigga!
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Why is that so fuckin’ funny? Nico
dialog: is awesome.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: NICO?!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: You have a GECKO named NICO?!
speaker_heading: AAAHHHH!
text: The crew dies laughing.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: That’s mean.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE (CONT'D)
dialog: (interrupting the
dialog: laughter)
dialog: Okay! Okay! I have one:
text: The crew simmers down.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D)
dialog: Can black people:
dialog: (wait for it)
dialog: Get sunburned?
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: You are one of the dumbest
dialog: motherfuckers I have ever met in my
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: What?! I’ve genuinely always wanted
dialog: to ask that! I honestly feel like a
dialog: load off my chest even having
dialog: asked. Like every time I’ve talked
dialog: to you when it’s hot outside I’m
dialog: like “does he not even need sun
dialog: screen?” “Is there black colored
dialog: sun tan lotion?”
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: YES. Black people can get
dialog: sunburned, you dumb fuck. How do
dialog: you know not know that?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: You can’t lump all white people in
dialog: with Fourth Grade. That’s fucked up
dialog: to do to white people.
text: The crew laughs.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (to himself/a little sad)
dialog: Fuck you guys.
text: He picks up his camera and starts filming because he doesn’t
dialog: know what else to do with his discomfort and hurt feelings.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (to Stevie)
dialog: Yo. Kid.
dialog: Stevie is like “is he talking to me?”
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you know black people could get
dialog: sunburned?
text: Stevie genuinely looks like he’s about to shit his pants. His
dialog: nightmare is being within a thousand miles of this
text: conversation. A deer in headlights. His face turns from fear
dialog: to deep thinking to “fuck it, now or never”. WHAT IS HE GOING
text: TO SAY. BEAT.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (dry/now or never)
dialog: What are black people?
text: BEAT.
text: What is their reaction going to be. Stevie is freaking out.
text: BEAT. Fuckshit breaks the silence and gives a VERY SLIGHT
text: laugh. Almost silent. The others let out very minor laughs as
text: well. They’re not cracking up by any means, but their barely
dialog: audible chuckles are the nicest we’ve seen them be to an
dialog: outsider.
text: Stevie is insanely relieved. The crew goes back to watching
text: the video. On the television, Kareem Campbell does a GIANT
text: 360 Ollie over a massive gap as his last trick in the video
dialog: section.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: FUCK! SHIT! That was DOPE! Let’s go
dialog: hit Lockwood, yo.
text: The crew all gets up and grabs their boards. Stevie stays
text: seated. Fuckshit hovers over him and notices his “new” board.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: You coming, Sunblock?
text: Stevie is in shock. Not only has he just been invited, but he
dialog: even has a nick name?!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's go.
text: Fuckshit leaves through the front of the store. Stevie gets
text: up with his new board. Ruben waits for Stevie.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (confused himself)
dialog: What the fuck was that?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so happy/confused)
dialog: I don’t know!
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES STREETS - MINUTES LATER
text: The crew skates through the streets of L.A. dodging cars in
text: SLOW MOTION. Stevie is doing his best, but struggling to keep
dialog: up. This is hard and beyond his skill level but he is ina
dialog: pack. A feeling he has never felt before. A pretty fucking
dialog: good one.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCKWOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: The crew, including Stevie, skate up to Lockwood, an
text: elementary school and famous L.A. skate spot in a rough
dialog: neighborhood (at the time).
text: The gates are locked and the crew immediately start throwing
text: their boards over the giant fences and start climbing up and
text: hoisting each other up. Stevie looks a little freaked out. He
text: has never hopped a fence before. He struggles over,
dialog: awkwardly.
text: The crew starts lining up benches and setting up picnic
text: tables in an order to their liking. They start doing tricks
text: on the benches and picnic tables.
text: We see shots of the crew trying tricks, talking shit and
text: laughing. Stevie is practicing incredibly hard. He takes hard
text: falls and the crew notices. After a particularly hard slam,
text: Fuckshit extends a hand to Stevie to help him up. He takes
text: it. It means a lot. Fuckshit skates off and attempts some
text: tricks. Stevie skates over to Ruben who is drinking from a
text: big gallon of water. He offers the last bit of water to
text: Stevie. Stevie has the last few drops and puts the jug down.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Thank y...
dialog: (very quickly)
dialog: I mean... nothing.
text: Ruben shakes his head.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (a little sarcastic)
dialog: So you’re “Sunblock” now.
dialog: 47.
text: Stevie smiles. Proud to have a nickname.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: How come some people have nicknames
dialog: and some don’t?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (annoyed because he
dialog: doesn’t have a nickname)
dialog: I don’t fucking know.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Jorge doesn’t. And he’s the best
dialog: skater so whatever, yo. I think
dialog: it’s like better not to have one.
text: Stevie nods his head. Did he just offend Ruben?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Yeah. Jorge is the best and he
dialog: doesn’t have one. That’s cooler for
dialog: sure.
text: Stevie looks at Fuckshit skating.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do they call him Fuckshit?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: ‘Cuz any time he sees a dope trick
dialog: he always yells out “FUCK! SHIT!
dialog: That was dope!”
text: Stevie laughs. The boys watch Fourth Grade filming Jorge
text: doing tricks on the picnic tables.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean... they’re both fucking
speaker_heading: DOPE.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: I mean they can land pretty much
dialog: the same tricks, but Jorge...
dialog: (smiles to himself)
dialog: Jorge's just got the sickest style
speaker_heading: EVER.
text: Stevie takes this in. A new concept for him. Style is vital.
text: TWO SHOT of Ruben and Stevie watching Fuckshit attempt a
text: trick Jorge just landed elegantly. Fuckshit SLAMS HARD. Ruben
text: FLINCHES HARD. Stevie doesn’t flinch at all. The violence of
text: Fuckshit hitting the ground hard doesn’t phase Stevie at all.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: Fourth Grade)
dialog: His name is “Fourth Grade” because
dialog: he’s as smart as a fourth grader.
text: Stevie laughs.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: Am I allowed to call him that?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (a little mean/jealous)
dialog: I wouldn't call anyone anything
dialog: yet, homie.
text: Stevie is confused about why Ruben seems a little weird with
text: him for some reason. Jorge skates over sweaty and out of
text: breath. He picks up the empty gallon of water. He turns to
dialog: Stevie.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: Yo Sunblock, go fill this up.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (happy)
dialog: For sure.
text: Ruben is ELATED he wasn’t asked for the first time ever. He
text: gives Stevie the nod to go do it. Stevie is ELATED that Jorge
dialog: remembered his nickname and asked him to do something for the
text: crew. Stevie skates off with the empty gallon to fill it up
text: at the water fountain.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Stevie sleeps in his bed with his new board next to him. We
text: hear various “skate sounds”. Wheels rolling on concrete,
text: tails slapping against concrete. These sounds swell into a
text: symphony of skate sounds.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Stevie walks into the kitchen. Dabney is cooking eggs. He
text: looks at the clock on the wall. He grabs a Capri Sun from the
text: fridge and takes it down in seconds. He is in a rush.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Morning, kid.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I gotta go, mom. I’m sorry I’m
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: I’m making eggs. What’re you late
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Uhh... I’m meeting some people to
dialog: go skate.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (guilting him)
dialog: It would be very hurtful to me if
dialog: you ran out the door because I woke
dialog: up early to make you eggs.
dialog: (more guilt)
dialog: But if that’s what you feel you
dialog: want to do and if you feel that
dialog: that’s the RIGHT thing to do.
text: Stevie wants to rush out, but the guilt takes its hold. He
text: exhales and sits down.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I actually have a question?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: So I finally called this Todd guy
dialog: back and now he hasn’t called me
dialog: back and it’s been over a week. Is
dialog: that like, a major red flag?
text: Stevie thinks. He is engaged, but still really wants to go
dialog: skate.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Umm... maybe he didn’t get the
dialog: message?
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Yeah I thought that. And then I was
dialog: gonna call him again, but then I’m
dialog: like “I’m not even into him’? I
dialog: don’t know.
dialog: 50.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Yeah. I don’t know.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: I‘ll give it another day or two.
dialog: Whatever.
text: Ian enters the room and crashes towards the fridge. He opens
text: it and pulls out the carton of orange juice. He shakes it and
text: looks furious. It feels light. His face changes from blank to
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: IAN
text: WHO DRANK MY ORANGE JUICE?
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: No one, Ian.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: There’s less of it. I know one of
dialog: you drank it.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: I didn’t. I swear.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Me neither, Ian.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: It’s MY orange juice. Why don’t you
dialog: fucking understand that? FUCK...
speaker_heading: DABNEY
speaker_heading: HEY!
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Fuck this shit!
speaker_heading: DABNEY
text: HEY! LANGUAGE! JESUS!
text: Ian takes the carton and leaves the kitchen. Dabney swallows
text: her anger and pain.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (seeing his opportunity)
dialog: I’m sorry, I have to go. Sorry.
text: Stevie runs out of the room.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Stevie rushes out of his house. He is worried about being
text: late for something. He skates around the corner from his
text: house. He reaches a house and waits outside of it on the
text: sidewalk. He paces around waiting. He looks around
text: suspiciously. Finally, a 1990 Mitsubishi Montero SUV pulls up
text: to the house Stevie is waiting in front of. Fuckshit is
text: driving and Jorge is riding shot gun. Fourth Grade and Ruben
text: are in the back seat.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Whassup, fool?
text: Stevie smiles.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Hey man, I have to pee. Can I use
dialog: your bathroom?
text: Stevie is freaked out, he doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Uhh... our toilet is... broken.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Ah, crap.
text: Ruben gets out of the car to let Stevie in.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: You're riding bitch, yo.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Cool.
text: Stevie is about to get in when all of the sudden, an OLD
text: ASIAN WOMAN leaves the front door of his house and walks
text: towards the sidewalk to her car. The crew looks confused. So
text: does she. Stevie looks panicked.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (panicked to Asian woman)
dialog: Bye! Have a great day!
speaker_heading: OLD ASIAN WOMAN
dialog: (super confused/polite)
dialog: Uh... you too.
text: Stevie rushes in the car. Ruben gets in after him. The car
text: drives off.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. MITSUBISHI MONTERO - MOMENTS LATER
text: The crew is blasting music and talking shit. Fuckshit is
text: driving fast to impress his friends like teenagers do. Stevie
text: is beaming. This is the most freedom he has ever had.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (whispering to Ruben)
dialog: I’ve never been in a car without
dialog: someone’s mom or dad or whatever.
dialog: This is AWESOME.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (baffled/irritated)
dialog: YO! Keep this shit to yourself,
dialog: Stevie. Fuck!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so excited)
dialog: Sorry. Sorry.
text: The crew smoke cigarettes and blast music as they drive.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCO HANDRAILS —- DOWNTOWN LA - LATER THAT DAY
text: Jorge busts amazing tricks down the stairs at the spot.
dialog: Fuckshit does some slightly lesser tricks but still
text: impressive down the stairs. Fourth Grade is filming Fuckshit
text: and Jorge. Stevie watches Fuckshit watch Jorge land an
dialog: amazing trick. Stevie clocks this making Fuckshit quietly
text: resentful. Ruben is landing kick flips more and more and
text: they're getting cleaner. Stevie is practicing his ollies
text: intensely and getting CLOSER to landing one.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCO HANDRAILS — DOWNTOWN LA - LATER
text: The crew and Stevie sit on the stairs smoking cigarettes and
text: drinking from gallon waters. They’re mid argument.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Nigga, fuck you! I think you lost
dialog: your fucking mind?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: What? You know I got those looks
dialog: though, son.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: There’s no way in hell you are
dialog: better looking than me, nigga.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: I think it’s close, but I’m maybe a
dialog: point higher.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: What are you?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Seven. Seven and a half?
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: And what the fuck am I?!
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Six. Six and a half.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: What the FUCK?!
text: Fourth Grade is filming and laughing.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: You got that little ass crusty ass
dialog: mustache, son. I think you’re
dialog: fucking crazy. Jorge?
text: Jorge just gives a cocky smile.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: You got nothing to say here?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (cocky/you already know)
dialog: Come on, man.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You guys can argue over being sixes
dialog: and sevens all day.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Oh, and what are you nigga?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (cocky)
dialog: Come on. Don’t make me say it.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: What the fuck is going on here? You
dialog: think you're more attractive than
dialog: me?
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Don’t make me have to make it
dialog: weird.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: No, what the fuck number do you
dialog: think you are?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You're really gonna make me say it?
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: YES!
speaker_heading: JORGE
text: If not a ten. Incredibly close.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: WHAT THE FUCK?!
text: The crew starts laughing.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: No disrespect, but come on, I’m
dialog: clearly the best looking in the
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Nigga, fuck you! You're pretty like
text: a girl.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I’m marketable, son. I got those
dialog: marketable looks. That’s part of
dialog: why I’m gonna blow up once I go
dialog: pro.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: DOG. You can’t SAY shit like that!
dialog: And anyway, you’re pretty like,
text: feminine. Like a beautiful girl or
dialog: some shit. I’m ruggedly handsome.
dialog: Young Denzel, son. Got that rugged
dialog: power.
text: The crew laughs.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Young Whoopi Goldberg, son.
text: The crew laughs.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: HA. HA. You look like Selena,
dialog: nigga.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You're just jealous. I got those
dialog: model good looks, though.
text: Fuckshit actually is jealous, but won’t show it.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fourth Grade, what number you think
dialog: you are?
text: Fourth Grade is filming.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (shook up/to Jorge)
dialog: I don’t... who do you think is
dialog: better looking, Ruben or new kid?
text: Stevie feels very uncomfortable. He is not comfortable with
text: his looks. He can’t even look at Ruben who is a bit
text: uncomfortable even being compared to the new kid.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (annoyed at the
dialog: comparison)
dialog: Oh, come on.
text: Stevie is so uncomfortable. He doesn’t want to argue this
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I don’t know, yo. It’s close.
dialog: Sunblock got that nigga from “Home
text: Alone” vibe going on.
speaker_heading: JORGE
text: HE DOES, THOUGH!
text: Stevie laughs embarrassed.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Oh fuck OFF.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (let's change subjects)
dialog: Ruben is a lot higher number than
dialog: me. I’m like a one.
text: Ruben likes and respects Stevie putting himself below him on
text: the food chain. A HOMELESS MAN, 40s, is wandering through a
text: trash can near the crew.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I don’t know, you being modest,
dialog: nigga.
dialog: (to the homeless guy)
dialog: Yo homie! Come here!
text: The homeless guy looks up and walks up to the crew.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: Any change?
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Yo, homie. Which one of these
dialog: niggas is better looking?
dialog: (points to Stevie and
dialog: Ruben)
dialog: This nigga or this nigga?
text: The homeless guy thinks for a second.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (laughing but nervous)
dialog: You fucking STUPID, yo.
text: Jorge and Fourth Grade are laughing. Stevie is shitting his
text: pants. He thinks he’s ugly, but he doesn’t want to go over
text: Ruben’s order in the crew.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Like, if you had to give them each
dialog: a number from one to ten what would
dialog: they be?
text: The homeless man thinks.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: (to Ruben)
dialog: Five.
text: Ruben is pissed.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Stevie)
dialog: Seven.
text: The crew all dies laughing! Ruben is furious and Stevie is
text: scare shit-less. He looks down so embarrassed.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Ahhhh!!!!!!!
dialog: (to Ruben)
dialog: You ugly, nigga!
dialog: Revision 57.
text: Fuckshit hands the homeless guy some change. He walks away.
text: The crew gets up and skates. Stevie walks up to Ruben.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I think you’re way better looking
dialog: than I am...
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Shut the fuck up, yo.
text: Ruben skates off and practices kickflips. Stevie looks upset,
text: but goes back to practicing ollies.
scene_heading: INT. MITSUBISHI MONTERO - MINUTES LATER
text: The crew is driving by a movie theater in Westwood. The line
text: is around the block for people waiting to see “The Usual
text: Suspects”. Fourth Grade is filming as they pull up to the
dialog: line and stop.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
text: THE WEIRD GUY TELLING THE STORY IS
text: KEYSER SOZE!!! THAT’S THE TWIST AT
dialog: THE END!!
text: The crew cracks up laughing. The people in the line look
text: fucking pissed and upset they now know the end to the movie
text: they're waiting to see. The car speeds off as the crew dies
text: laughing.
scene_heading: INT. MITSUBISHI MONTERO - LATER THAT DAY
text: The crew is in their same seats in the car. Fourth Grade is
text: filming as the crew fucks with people from the car. Throwing
text: shit at other cars and laughing. Hollering at girls. Fucking
text: with other drivers. They pull up to a SOCCER MOM, 30, ina
dialog: mini van.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (to the soccer mom)
dialog: Yo what’s up, baby?
speaker_heading: SOCCER MOM
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Leave me alone.
text: The crew laughs.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Just give love a chance, lady!
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: SOCCER MOM
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Fuck off.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: You can deny it all you want, but
dialog: I’m sensing a real back and forth
dialog: here. Sparks, ya know what I mean?
speaker_heading: SOCCER MOM
dialog: In your dreams. You’re a four.
text: The crew explodes laughing!!!!
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: Ahhh!!!! She called you a four,
dialog: son!!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (upset/to himself)
dialog: Four. That’s fucked up.
text: They sit awkwardly at the stop light. She smiles that he’s
text: getting clowned on. Fuckshit awkwardly rolls up the window,
dialog: embarrassed.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST L.A. COURTHOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: DOLLY IN OVER Stevie’s shoulders REVEALING the vast outdoor
text: plaza of the West Los Angeles Courthouse.
dialog: This is the street skating Garden Of Eden.
text: The place is PACKED with over 100 SKATERS of all ages,
text: skating the abundance of ledges, a giant drained fountain you
text: can do tricks into, stairs and a taller stage to grind or
dialog: manual on for the most advanced.
text: CLOSE ON STEVIE’S FACE taking it all in. He’s made it to
dialog: heaven.
text: BACK TO all of the skaters tearing it up.
text: Stevie makes his way close to Ruben. Ruben is a little colder
text: to Stevie because of the looks conversation, but has cooled
text: off some of his anger towards him.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (with wonder)
dialog: What is this place?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: The Courthouse.
dialog: Stevie takes it in. He senses this place is special. It’s
text: bursting with energy.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Illest skate spot in LA.
text: SHOT of skaters grinding on the ledges. SHOTS of skaters
text: ollieing and doing flip tricks down the two sets of stairs.
dialog: SHOTS of the way better skaters doing big tricks into the
text: fountain. It looks scary hard. We see Jorge ollie up the
text: stage to manual and manual the whole stage and pop off of the
dialog: other side. It’s remarkable to watch.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: It’s an actual Courthouse?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: It’s super fucking illegal to skate
dialog: here. Trespassing, destruction of
dialog: public property, and it’s federal
dialog: property, you have to watch out for
dialog: cops constantly. They do surprise
dialog: raids usually once a day. And the
dialog: craziest part is, the court house
text: is ATTACHED to the police station.
text: AERIAL SHOT OF THE COURTHOUSE... WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE
scene_heading: POLICE STATION.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
text: The two buildings are LITERALLY
dialog: connected.
scene_heading: CHYRON: COURTHOUSE. POLICE STATION.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: So if you hear someone yell out
dialog: “5-0", you just take off running as
dialog: fast as you can outta here don’t
dialog: try and find the crew. Every man
text: for himself. Meet up at Subway on
dialog: Sawtelle. Understand?
text: Stevie looks a little freaked out, but excited by the danger
dialog: of it all.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 60.
text: We see around 30 HOMELESS MEN, all ages, on the upper deck of
text: the courthouse at picnic tables looking down on all the
text: skating, playing checkers, drinking from paper bag covered
text: beer cans. Two of the men appear to be in a pretty ugly
text: argument that looks like it’s about to become physical.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: homeless guys)
dialog: What’s up there?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: That’s where the bums hang out.
dialog: They usually are pretty cool and
dialog: keep to themselves. Sometimes
text: they’1l get shit faced and cheer on
dialog: the skaters, but sometimes they go
dialog: nuts so you gotta watch out. If one
dialog: of them offers you something to
dialog: smoke, don’t fucking smoke it. It’s
dialog: probably crack.
dialog: Stevie’s face tells you “that is fucking terrifying.”
text: Stevie and Ruben stand on their boards with their backs
text: against the brick wall. They both smoke a cig. Stevie is
text: slightly more comfortable smoking now.
text: Stevie and Ruben clock DANIEL CASTILLO, early 20s and CHICO
text: BRENES, early 20s. Stevie’s face lights up! Ruben can’t even
text: help his excitement.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (trying to be cool but
dialog: can’t help it)
dialog: Holy shit, that’s Daniel Castillo
dialog: and Chico Brenes.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Whoa! I know who they are! I saw
dialog: them in Thrasher!
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Yeah, they skate for Chocolate, yo.
dialog: They're so fucking sick.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: They skate here? Like where you
dialog: guys skate?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Yeah, yo. Everyone skates here.
dialog: 61.
text: Daniel and Chico cross paths with Fuckshit and Jorge, who
text: pick up their boards and show the pros respect. Stevie
text: watches Jorge laugh and joke and make the pros laugh and
text: smile. Fuckshit is more shy and puts on way less of a show
dialog: for the pros.
text: Stevie and Ruben watch from a distance as Jorge busts a
text: couple beautiful tricks with sick style and lands them
text: perfectly. The pros seem impressed. They then watch Fuckshit
text: try to nail the same tricks. He lands all except the last,
text: but with a lot clunkier of a style. The pros seem less
text: impressed. Fuckshit tries that last one again and lands it.
dialog: The pros are into it, but not nearly as into it as they were
text: with Jorge’s display. Fuckshit sits on one of the ledges and
text: ties his shoes a little defeated. Stevie watches Jorge be the
text: “life of the party” and continue to make the pros laugh and
text: be entertained. Stevie sees Fuckshit skate away form Jorge
text: and the pros, a little disheartened.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Stevie is practicing his ollies non stop in his own world.
speaker_heading: RANDOM KID (0.S.)
scene_heading: S-Ol!L1E! S-OlLEiiee
text: Fuckshit and Stevie’s head turn up. Fuckshit takes off
dialog: running!!! Stevie is freaking out! All of the hundred or so
text: skaters TAKE OFF RUNNING in different directions! COPS chase
text: skaters out of the courthouse in all different directions.
text: Three random skaters in different parts of the courthouse are
text: caught and handcuffed and the cops take their boards. Stevie
text: picks a direction and TAKES OFF RUNNING! A cop SWIPES at him
text: but he narrowly escapes and makes it out of the courthouse.
text: He runs like the wind with his board in his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR THE COURTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie is running. He is alone, scared and unsure of his
dialog: fate. He’s sees the SUBWAY!!!!
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie bursts into Subway in a panic. The crew are all
text: sitting down while Ruben is in line calmly ordering
text: sandwiches. Stevie is FREAKED OUT. The crew sees him and
dialog: laughs.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Sunblock, what’re you doing here?
dialog: We thought you were doing ten to
dialog: fifteen in San Quentin!
text: The crew explodes laughing. Stevie composes himself and gets
text: in line with Ruben.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (with authority)
text: Four meatball six inches.
text: Ruben hands Stevie the money and sits with the crew at the
text: table. Stevie happily waits in line, but it was a bit mean
text: spirited the way Ruben said that and handed him the money.
text: Stevie watches Ruben sit with the crew while he waits in
dialog: line.
scene_heading: INT. MITSUBISHI MONTERO - LATER
text: The crew are eating their Subway sandwiches in the car as
text: music blasts. The car pulls up to a house and stops. Ruben
text: gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Hey, Rube, can I pee in your house,
dialog: man?
text: Ruben freezes. He’s uncomfortable and doesn’t have a
text: response. Stevie looks over to the windows of Ruben’s house.
text: The shades are closed and there is something unsettling and
text: off about the vibe of Ruben’s house.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Uhh... my toilet is broken.
text: Ruben gives Stevie a little look.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Man, FUCK! Is everybody’s toilet
dialog: broken in this city?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Later.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: Later, Ruben.
text: The car drives off. Stevie looks over his shoulder at Ruben
text: out the back window. Ruben goes up to the front door and acts
text: like he’s going to go in, but then once the car has driven
text: away a bit he skates off around the corner going somewhere
text: else. Stevie is the only one who clocks this.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. DINNER TABLE - THAT NIGHT
text: Stevie is shoveling food into his mouth rapidly as Dabney
text: watches with a disgusted look on her face.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Jesus Christ, SLOW DOWN. You look
dialog: so unattractive when you eat like
dialog: that. Jesus.
text: Stevie uncomfortable stops. He feels bad about the comment,
text: but is more focused on finishing so he can go practice more.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
text: (with a mouth full of
dialog: food)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: As I was saying, he finally
dialog: called...
text: Stevie stares blankly at Dabney as she talks about Todd. We
text: hear faint bits of her words, but we hear loudly the swelling
text: symphony of skate wheel sounds.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT
text: Stevie practices. He’s getting better. In fact, he’s getting
text: pretty good. After we see three close attempts he LANDS HIS
text: FIRST OLLIE! Smiles. To say he’s satisfied is an
text: understatement. He celebrates and goes APE SHIT! Running
text: around the front of the house taking his shirt off and waving
dialog: it around!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: WOOOOO!!!!!!
speaker_heading: IAN (0.C.)
text: SHUT THE FUCK UP, FAGGOT!
text: Stevie is FREAKED OUT. He looks at Ian’s window, which has
text: Ian hanging out of it.
speaker_heading: IAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Skating’s fucking gay. Shut up.
text: Ian slams the window shut. Stevie is shaken but this is too
text: good of a moment. He goes back to celebrating... but quietly.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCKWOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - THE NEXT DAY
text: The crew sits on lunch tables smoking cigs. It’s a Sunday so
dialog: the school is theirs.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Two weeks?! What the fuck?!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I know, nigga. I got my report card
dialog: and my parents were fucking PISSED.
dialog: No car for two weeks. Might as well
dialog: cut my dick off.
text: The crew laughs, but is bummed Fuckshit has no car for two
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Parents are so fucking retarded,
dialog: nigga.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: Word. So fucking retarded.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I’m a senior in high school, it’s
dialog: not like all of the sudden I’m
dialog: gonna get into Harvard or some
dialog: shit.
text: Everyone is quiet thinking about their own situation.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, my parents went to good
dialog: schools and became lawyers and got
dialog: paid and shit. I mean, they’re not
dialog: Puff Daddy or some shit, but I
dialog: respect what they did. That shit
dialog: just isn’t me. I get C’s and I’m
dialog: a’‘ight with that shit. I spent my
dialog: time skating and chilling with my
dialog: niggas and I wouldn’t have done it
dialog: any differently.
text: Stevie is taking this in.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope I go pro for sure. That
dialog: would be so ill. But no matter
dialog: what, I’m gonna work in skating for
dialog: sure.
dialog: (does he even believe this
dialog: next sentence)
dialog: And who knows, I may go pro?
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Fuck yeah you will, yo.
dialog: Fuckshit smiles, but is this his friend being just nice?
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: You KNOW MY ASS is going pro and
dialog: the second I do I’m gonna be like I
dialog: don’t ride without Fuckshit on the
dialog: team!
text: Jorge doesn’t realize this is a hurtful thing to say.
text: Fuckshit is almost in shock that Jorge is so unaware.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (in shock)
dialog: Oh really?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (still not realizing)
dialog: Yeah, really! I see so many people
dialog: not doing shit with their lives.
dialog: I’m lucky as shit I might be able
dialog: to do something with mine. We’re
dialog: going all the way, yo. I got the
dialog: illest style, yo. Nobody does the
dialog: tricks I do, looking as good as I
dialog: do. Style over everything.
text: Stevie watches Fuckshit take this in.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna fuckin’ ball out, yo.
dialog: Drive Range Rovers and shit. And
dialog: you're gonna be doing that shit
dialog: with me, yo. I’1l be on the cover
dialog: of Thrasher in no time like, “this
dialog: is my crew, yo! Ultimate fo’ life!”
text: The crew all laughs and thinks it over. Jorge most likely is
dialog: going pro and that’s a weird thing for them to think about.
text: Fuckshit looks especially perplexed maybe realizing that his
dialog: friend is going to go all the way and he probably won't. He
text: seems sad.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: What about you, Fourth Grade?
text: Fourth Grade is put on the spot. He fiddles with his camera
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Oh... me?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Yeah, you.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Shit...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I guess, like...
dialog: (looking down/nervous)
dialog: Maybe like...make a...movie...or
dialog: whatever...
text: The crew CRACKS UP! It feels mean and Fourth Grade looks
text: super embarrassed and angry he opened up like that.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D)
dialog: (angrily into his camera)
dialog: Fuck you guys... shut up...
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: This nigga think he Spielberg and
dialog: shit!
text: The crew laughs more. Stevie isn’t laughing. He sees Fourth
text: Grade’s pain but there’s no way he’s saying shit.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Never mind.
dialog: (making a joke out of it)
dialog: That is stupid, yo.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I don’t know, maybe I’11 work for
dialog: my dad or whatever.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I don’t give a fuck what I do, yo.
dialog: I just wanna smoke the most weed.
dialog: Do the most cool shit. Fuck the
dialog: hottest bitches. And have the most
dialog: fun ever. All the fucking time, yo.
dialog: I feel like every old person I see
dialog: doesn’t give a fuck about having
dialog: fun, yo.
text: The crew laughs.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You're fucking stupid, yo. What
dialog: about you, Sunblock?
text: Stevie thinks deeply. He has no clue.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (genuine but matter of
dialog: fact)
dialog: I don’t know.
text: The crew doesn’t know how to react.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Dope answer.
text: The crew laughs at Stevie. That was a harsh reaction from
text: Ruben but Stevie takes the abuse. Stevie laughs it off. Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (dry/with The most
dialog: confidence we've seen
dialog: from him)
dialog: Maybe find cooler friends to hang
dialog: out with.
text: HOLY SHIT STEVIE MADE A JOKE!!! Beat. Everyone except Ruben
text: laughs. Ruben looks away not giving him props for his joke.
text: Everyone thinks about the conversation for a silent moment.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Let’s skate this gap, yo.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Oh you wanna skate the GAP?!
speaker_heading: JORGE
speaker_heading: YUP.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: BIG BALLS over here!
text: The camera PANS UP above them and shows a roof gap over the
dialog: lunch area. There is at least a ten foot drop if you fall
text: through the gap and don’t make it to the other side. Scary.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCKWOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - THE ROOF GAP - MINUTES
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The crew stands on the roof of the roof gap. It’s scary up
text: there and everyone has a nervous energy. Without hesitating
text: Jorge skates up and kickflips over the gap effortlessly. The
text: crew smacks their boards and hoots and hollers. Jorge puts
text: his arm up from the other side. Fuckshit is shaken by this.
dialog: After the conversation they just had there is no fucking way
dialog: he’s not going to bust something over the gap. Fourth Grade
text: is filming. Fuckshit pushes hard towards the gap. He 180’s
text: it. It’s not a kickflip but he lands on the other side.
dialog: 68.
text: Pride in tact. Jorge puts his fist out for a fist bump.
text: Fuckshit is still stinging from earlier but gives him the
text: fist bump.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (from the other side)
dialog: A'ight Ruben!
text: Ruben tries to psych himself up. He is shook by this. Scared.
text: He finally skates up to the gap, but at the LAST POSSIBLE
text: SECOND he jumps off and picks up his board. Jorge and
text: Fuckshit “boo” him. He goes back to the starting point. Ruben
text: looks embarrassed and pissed. He psyches himself up. Stevie
text: clocks Ruben’s nerves.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (genuine/quietly)
dialog: You got this, man.
text: Ruben shoots daggers at Stevie.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (to Stevie)
dialog: Shut the fuck up, fag.
text: Stevie is hurt by this. Ruben is now just being mean to him.
text: It reminds him of Ian’s treatment of him. Stevie is hurt. Out
text: of nowhere STEVIE SKATES BY RUBEN!!!!! Without any fear
text: Stevie approaches the gap and tries to ollie it!!!!! Everyone
text: in the crew reacts like “what the fuck this guy is insane!”
text: Ruben looks like he is seeing the “Ghost of Friendship Past”
text: skate by him. Stevie pops off the gap and NOWHERE NEAR MAKES
text: IT to the other side! He immediately CRASHES DOWN the ten
text: foot drop and SLAMS onto the picnic table below! Is he
text: fucking dead?! He lays on the table motionless. The crew
text: rushes down to see if he’s okay. Fourth Grade is filming.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
text: FUCKKK!!!!! SHIT!!!!!!! THIS NIGGA
dialog: DEAD! !!!!
text: Stevie lays there motionless.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Is he fucking dead, yo?
text: Fourth Grade, while filming, pokes Stevie with his finger.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: SUNBLOCK. ARE YOU ALIVE?!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Don't poke him asshole!
dialog: 69.
text: Stevie wakes up a little. He is fucked up but he is alive.
text: The crew picks him up onto his feet.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay, Sunblock?
text: Stevie is out of it. As he stands up his head is LEAKING
speaker_heading: BLOOD.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: Eww!!! Oh shit!!!
text: Fuckshit takes Stevie’s shirt off and wraps it around his
text: head to stop the bleeding. The white shirt almost immediately
text: is soaked with blood. Stevie comes to. He notices the blood,
text: but doesn’t make a big deal.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Stevie takes the pain. He is okay.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Yeah. I’m cool. I’m cool.
text: The crew minus Ruben cheer him on! They hoot and holler!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: This nigga Sunblock is insane!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Fuck yeah, fool!
text: Jorge and Fuckshit shower Stevie with props and hugs and back
text: slaps.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: BIG BALLS, yo!
text: Ruben is pissed at the love Stevie is getting right now. . He
text: realizes something he’ll never shake. Stevie has something he
text: never will. Ruben’s skating has a ceiling that Stevie’s
text: doesn’t have. Ruben has fear and Stevie doesn’t.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Ruben)
dialog: Take off your shirt, he’s bleeding
dialog: through his.
text: Ruben looks furious.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (deeply insulted)
dialog: Hell no.
dialog: 70.
text: Jorge looks PISSED at Ruben for defying him.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I said “give him your fucking
dialog: shirt, yo”. Right fucking now!
text: Ruben is humiliated. He reluctantly and with a horrible
text: attitude, takes his shirt off and angrily throws it at
text: Stevie. Stevie catches it. He and Ruben lock eyes. Ruben’s
dialog: eyes say “don’t fucking put that on your head or else”.
text: Stevie looks into his eyes as he makes the decision to wrap
text: Ruben’s shirt around his head over his own bloody shirt.
text: Ruben can’t even look at Stevie because he hates him so much
text: right now. Ruben feels incredibly disrespected.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (to Stevie with respect)
dialog: You crazy, nigga.
text: Stevie smiles. He has never felt so accepted. Fourth Grade
text: reviews the footage.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: Hey Sunblock, I’m not in love with
dialog: the angle of the shot. Can we try
dialog: one more?
scene_heading: JORGE AND FUCKSHIT
dialog: Shut the fuck up, yo!/You're
dialog: retarded!
text: Ruben looks as if he might cry. Stevie is woozy, but is in
text: heaven. Both shirts are now soaked through with blood wrapped
text: around his head.
text: Fuckshit picks up Stevie’s board which is broken in half. He
text: hands it to Stevie. Stevie is really upset his board is
text: broken. Fuckshit pats him on the back. Stevie gets woozy
text: again and back to the high of the positive attention he is
dialog: receiving.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - FRONT ENTRANCE
text: Stevie tries to sneak inside the house with his board without
text: making a sound. Almost the moment he walks in Dabney rushes
text: towards the front door.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Stevie?
text: She sees Stevie with his head wrapped in a blood soaked
text: shirt. She lets out a screeching scream!
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MINUTES LATER
text: Stevie sits in a chair shirtless as Dabney carefully cleans
text: the wound on his head.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (worried/pissed)
dialog: Okay this is done. You’re done. The
dialog: skateboarding...
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (please listen)
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: No. It’s done. That’s it.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (respectful but
dialog: passionate)
dialog: Mom. Please listen to me. Please.
text: Dabney holds her angry words for a moment.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom. This is what I love. I love
dialog: it. I love it more than anything.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (heated)
dialog: I’m sure I would love heroin but
dialog: I’m not going to do THAT every day.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (doesn’t even know how to
dialog: argue that one)
dialog: I... what?!
dialog: (fired up)
dialog: That is... such a weird thing to
dialog: compare that to...
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: Well I’m not gonna let you get
dialog: killed by smashing your head!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I CAN’T STOP!
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (can’t keep it in)
dialog: YOU'RE BLEEDING FROM YOUR HEAD!
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (incredibly passionately
dialog: yelling back)
text: I KNOW! I KNOW THAT! I’M SORRY! I’M
dialog: SORRY!!!
text: Stevie calms himself. He doesn’t like exploding like that.
text: Dabney sees he is serious and can’t help but think about what
text: he is saying.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (calming himself)
dialog: I love you. But I can’t...
dialog: (chooses his words very
dialog: carefully)
dialog: I won’t let you take this away from
dialog: me.
text: Stevie takes a deep breath. He’s calm. Stevie has never stood
text: up for himself like this before. Both he and Dabney are
text: shocked. Dabney realizes he won’t back down from this one.
text: She thinks for a beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (genuinely confused)
dialog: What do you love about it so much?
text: Stevie thinks. He just kind of looks off and smiles. He
text: doesn’t know how to put it into words. He looks at her and
text: smiles. She nods her head and bites her lip nervously. Not
text: happy but she understands.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (but for real)
dialog: Who are these kids that you skate
dialog: with?
dialog: Stevie thinks.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are they older? Are they... from
dialog: good... families? I mean, who are
dialog: they?
text: Stevie looks at her with real sincerity.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: They're my friends.
text: Stevie gets up from the chair.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (calmly/sweetly)
dialog: I can’t stop.
dialog: 73.
text: Stevie gives her a hug for a moment and then leaves the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S ROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: Stevie examines his broken board. What is he gonna do? He
text: puts the broken board back down and walks up to his mirror.
text: He examines the bloody wound on his head. It isn’t going to
text: kill him, but it’s ugly and hurts. He tries to touch it but
text: it stings. QUICK FLASHES of the crew giving Stevie props
text: while he bleeds from his head. Stevie tries to touch the
text: wound again. ANOTHER QUICK FLASH of the crew celebrating his
text: reckless wound. He stares at himself in the mirror. He seems
text: proud of his wound and in pain at the same time.
scene_heading: INT. IAN'S ROOM - THE NEXT DAY
text: Stevie hands Ian his Discman as Ian hands Stevie twenty
dialog: bucks.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (confused but doesn’t want
dialog: to blow the deal)
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (definitely)
dialog: Yes.
text: Ian looks at Stevie in a weird way. Why isn’t Stevie upset
text: about giving up his Discman? His usual dickish expression
text: turns more to puzzled and possibly even a SLIVER of concern.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (are you SURE?)
dialog: Twenty bucks. For your Discman.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (more definite)
dialog: Yes.
text: Stevie leaves Ian’s room with the money. We se on his face he
dialog: doesn’t miss his Discman. That’s the past.
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE SHOP - A COUPLE DAYS LATER
text: Stevie enters the shop. Ruben is at the counter. Stevie
text: thinks and makes the decision to just walk by without
text: acknowledging him. Ruben does the same.
dialog: 74.
text: The silence and the lack of eye contact speak volumes. Stevie
text: walks towards the back of the shop.
text: He heads to Fuckshit over at the work station by himself.
text: Fourth Grade is on the floor looking at footage on his
text: camera. Jorge sits on the couch watching a video.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: FUCK! SHIT! Look at this crazy ass
dialog: nigga over here!
text: Stevie can’t help but smile.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: How’s your head, psycho?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: It’s fine.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: It’s not fine, Sunblock. There’s
dialog: something wrong in that head.
text: Stevie laughs. He then gets a bit serious.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: My board broke, though.
text: Stevie looks down. Bummed.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You should ride one of these.
text: Fuckshit pulls out and hands Stevie an Ultimate deck. Stevie
text: is smiling huge, but then...
speaker_heading: STEVIE
speaker_heading: (in SHOCK)
dialog: ME?!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Yeah.
text: Ruben is FUMING. Fuckshit is letting Stevie buy an Ultimate
dialog: board ALREADY! ?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (elation turning to
dialog: sorrow)
dialog: Yeah... I was able to get twenty
dialog: bucks. I know that’s not even close
dialog: to enough...
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: This one’s for you. No one will
dialog: miss it.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
speaker_heading: (in SHOCK)
dialog: ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?!
speaker_heading: RUBEN
speaker_heading: (in MORE SHOCK)
dialog: ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?!
text: Fuckshit, Jorge and Fourth Grade can’t help but smile/laugh
text: at how genuinely happy Stevie’s reaction is.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: It’s yours.
text: Ruben gets up and STORMS out of the store. Jorge calls after
text: Ruben, unaware that Ruben is pissed.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (calling after Ruben)
dialog: Ay! Go grab some Skittles!
text: Ruben is already out of the store in a huff.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (to Fuckshit in disbelief)
speaker_heading: REALLY?
text: Stevie might actually cry tears of joy. The smile is
text: embarrassingly big on his face. Dopey even. It’s cute but NOT
dialog: subtle.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (laughing at how adorable)
dialog: Yes, fool!
text: Stevie thinks deeply for a second.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Am I allowed to thank you for this?
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Am I allowed to thank you for this?
dialog: I want to, but I don’t want you to
dialog: think I’m gay?
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Nigga, WHAT THE FUCK are you
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I really appreciate it, but I’m not
dialog: gay or whatever.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (what the fuck is he
dialog: talking about?)
dialog: Nothing gay about saying thank you,
dialog: dumb fuck. It’s just basic manners,
dialog: yo.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Oh... I... thank you.
text: Fuckshit is Stevie’s new hero in life. He is now a G-d to
dialog: Stevie.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (so genuine)
dialog: Thank you so much, Fuckshit.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: You’re welcome. Now watch closely.
dialog: You're gonna be setting up a
dialog: million of these. I’m only doing
dialog: this for you once, homie.
text: RAPID QUICK CUT MONTAGE OF SETTING UP BOARD:
dialog: - Two
dialog: deck.
dialog: - The
dialog: tape.
dialog: - The
text: hands precisely lay a piece of GRIP TAPE on the wooden
text: hands massage out all of the air bubbles in the grip
text: side of a screw driver rubs furiously against the grip
text: tape outlining in chalk the outline of the wooden deck.
text: CLOSE ON STEVIE’S EYES WATCHING.
text: - A razor blade precisely cuts off the excess grip tape. The
text: board takes its shape.
text: - A screwdriver is used to poke four holes on each side of
text: the board where the screws will go through.
text: - Four screws on both sides of the board go through the deck.
text: CLOSE ON STEVIE’S EYES WATCHING.
dialog: 77.
text: - The metal trucks are placed on the bottom of the deck with
text: the screws going through the little holes.
text: - An electric drill screws in the four screws on both sides
text: of the deck attaching the trucks.
text: - Eight bearings go into eight wheels using a giant
text: contraption on the work space.
text: -CLOSE ON STEVIE’S EYES WATCHING.
text: - The eight wheels are placed onto the trucks and tightened
text: with a skate tool.
text: - Lastly, the board is flipped over and CLOSE on the grip
text: tape as a “U” insignia is carved out near the tale of the
text: board with a razor blade.
scene_heading: END OF MONTAGE.
text: Fuckshit hands Stevie the board and also an Ultimate hoodie.
text: Stevie puts the hoodie on immediately. He can’t stop smiling.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Go skate that shit.
text: Stevie is grinning like a fool. He turns to run out to skate
dialog: his new treasure.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SHOP - BACK PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie bursts out the back. He jumps around celebrating what
text: just happened. He has never been so happy in all of his life.
text: He admires his new treasure and almost squeals with
text: excitement. Joy. Beautiful, pure, joy.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - DEN
text: Stevie and Ian sit in silence on opposite ends of the couch
text: watching the television. Stevie now has a shaved head and the
text: full “skater look”. He looks edgier and more confident in the
text: room with Ian than he ever has been. They are expressionless
text: zombies. Ian looks over at Stevie and notices a pack of Camel
text: Light cigarettes hanging out of his pocket. Ian gets a weird
text: look on his face. Why the fuck does Stevie have cigarettes?
text: Ian is confused and has no idea he is feeling it, let alone
dialog: how to show it, but this concerns him. This is really fucking
text: with Ian by the look on his face.
dialog: 78.
text: He almost says something, but doesn’t know how. It comes out
text: very grunted and uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (grunty )
dialog: You fucking smoke now?
text: Stevie notices the cigarettes hanging out of his pocket and
text: quickly shoves them back into his pocket. Stevie looks at the
text: TV, nervous to make eye contact with Ian.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (not sure what this is
dialog: about)
dialog: I’m holding them for my friend.
text: Ian can’t figure out the words he wants to say. We see him
text: struggling to find something to say in the form of brotherly
text: advice or concern. Ian stays looking at the TV.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (awkwardly grunted)
dialog: Your friends smoke and shit? You
dialog: think that’s cool?
dialog: Stevie does not recognize the intention or tone of this type
text: of conversation with Ian. They both feel incredibly
text: uncomfortable. Is he about to start ridiculing Stevie? What
text: is this? Stevie stays looking at the TV.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I uhh... I’m holding them for a
dialog: friend.
text: Beat. Stevie gets a bit nervous.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re not gonna tell mom I have
dialog: them?
text: Ian thinks for a beat. He has a hard time finding words.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: You know mom used to smoke, right?
text: Stevie thinks Ian is fucking with him.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (watching TV)
dialog: She did a lot of stuff like that.
dialog: 79.
text: Beat. Stevie is trying to figure out what Ian is trying to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: IAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (not taking his eyes off
dialog: the TV)
dialog: She was a lot different when I was
dialog: a little kid than when you were a
dialog: little kid.
text: Beat of uncomfortable silence as they both continue just
text: staring at the TV. No idea how to talk to each other. Ian is
text: struggling to find words even harder while remaining focused
text: on the TV. As he struggles to find what he wants to tell
text: Stevie he ends up just making an awkward noise of finding
dialog: words. Stevie feels uncomfortable. What the fuck is this
dialog: conversation?
text: Ian swallows the ember of concern he has for his brother and
text: picks up the remote and changes the channel on the TV.
text: They both go back to their zombie TV watching faces. LONG,
scene_heading: UNCOMFORTABLE, DEAFENING SILENCE. BEAT.
speaker_heading: RUBEN (0.S.)
dialog: When do you get your car back, yo?
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t fucking worry about it,
dialog: homie.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - EVENING
text: The Crew and Stevie sit on the public bus in the harsh
text: florescent lighting. Laughing and joking around. They have
text: taken over the back of the bus.
text: Jorge and Fourth Grade write graffiti with paint pens on the
text: back seats of the bus.
text: Fuckshit is scraping the word “Ultimate” into the back of the
text: seat in front of him with his house key.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: You should feel lucky you ever get
dialog: to ride in that car, nigga.
dialog: (pissed at his parents)
dialog: My parents are being so fucking
dialog: retarded, though. For real.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I can’t wait to get my first whip
dialog: so I never have to ride the fucking
dialog: bus again. Soon, son!
text: Fuckshit rolls his eyes. Jorge doesn’t notice.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Yo. So tonight should go pretty
dialog: fucking smooth. Angela is having a
dialog: kick back and I’ve been working her
dialog: for like two months, nigga. She
dialog: wants my shit, yo. And if y’all
dialog: niggas ‘aint too corny you might be
dialog: able to get some pussy too. She got
text: friends coming.
text: Jorge rolls his eyes at that and laughs to himself. Fuckshit
text: doesn’t notice.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (on the low to the crew)
dialog: Yo, put out your hands.
text: Everyone kind of smiles. Stevie is curious and pretty nervous
text: but won’t show it. Jorge pulls out a prescription pill bottle
text: and puts a pill in each of their hand. Stevie is really shook
dialog: by this, he doesn’t know what the fuck this is. Fuckshit
text: clocks Stevie’s nerves.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (mot a great idea)
dialog: Yo nigga, don’t give them that
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (don’t tell me what to do)
dialog: Relax, yo. Don’t be a bitch.
text: Fuckshit swallows his concern and represses his urge to fight
dialog: with Jorge.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Stevie)
dialog: It’s Ritalin. It makes you hyper as
dialog: fuck. It’s crazy fun.
text: Stevie looks at the pill in his hand.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Is it dangerous?
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: My mom made me go to a fucking
dialog: psychiatrist and he said I have
dialog: ADD. He gave them to me after like
dialog: an hour.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: Uh. Is it, like, bad for you?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: If a doctor gave it to you it can’t
dialog: be bad for you.
text: This makes perfect sense to Stevie. Jorge and the Crew all
text: take the pill. So does Stevie. Fuckshit quietly throws his on
text: the floor of the bus and pretends to take it. The crew uses
text: their saliva to swallow it, awkwardly. It takes some a few
dialog: tries.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S PARENT’S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT
text: ANGELA, 15, (Caucasian but trying to look like a Chola with
text: dark lipstick etc), and her friends, TERESA, 15, ESTEE, 15
text: and ZOE, 15 are in the kitchen, eating chips and salsa.
text: Jorge grabs a grocery bag full of 40 ounces out of the
text: fridge. He coyly smiles at the girls. They all like him.
text: WE FOLLOW Jorge through the kitchen to the BACK YARD...
scene_heading: EXT. ANGELA’S BACK YARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Fucking wired on Ritalin, the crew plays S.K.A.T.E. ina
text: small concrete area. Stevie is having fun, but his heart is
text: beating out of his chest.
text: Jorge starts skating around while drinking a 40. The crew
text: grabs 40s out of the bag.
text: Jorge skates over to Stevie and hands him the 40. It’s huge
text: compared to his small body.
speaker_heading: JORGE
text: Cheers, homie.
text: Stevie nervously starts chugging from the 40. Jorge laughs
text: and skates again. Stevie holds the 40 taking sips and
text: watching. Laughing with the crew.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. ANGELA’S BACK YARD - LATER
text: Now the guys and the girls are a little more intermixed. They
text: are passing around a little pipe with weed in it.
text: Fourth Grade is filming people smoke and hang. Stevie goes to
dialog: hand Ruben the pipe to smoke. A peace pipe if you will. Ruben
text: coldly turns away, grabs his board and skates away. Stevie
dialog: gives a “well, I tried” look, and smokes some more.
text: Stevie notices Fuckshit watching Jorge flirt with Angela. She
dialog: is super into it. She wants Jorge. Stevie sees this really
dialog: upsets Fuckshit.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S HOUSE - LATER
text: The boys and girls have mostly paired up with one and other.
text: Ruben and Fuckshit sit on the couch watching cartoons. They
text: are all high and hazy. Stevie notices Jorge take Angela into
dialog: a room and how sad this makes Fuck Shit.
text: Stevie and Estee stand by the stove in the kitchen. She is
text: taller than him by at least seven inches.
text: Stevie is fucked up for the first time ever. He doesn’t
dialog: really know how to talk to her.
speaker_heading: ESTEE
dialog: I can’t believe you're in seventh
dialog: grade. That is so fucking crazy.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: Yeah. It’s cool. I fucking hate it
dialog: actually.
text: She laughs and so does he.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: School is the worst shit ever.
speaker_heading: ESTEE
dialog: (still giggling)
dialog: Yeah, it’s a fucking nightmare.
dialog: Especially middle school.
text: Stevie just kind of nods his head. Doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: ESTEE (CONT'D)
dialog: How long have you been friends with
dialog: Jorge and those guys?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (pretty fucked up)
dialog: Like a couple months. It’s cool.
dialog: Fuckshit’s my best friend for sure.
dialog: He’s so cool. Fourth Grade is
dialog: cool, he just doesn’t talk a lot
dialog: and is always filming the stuff we
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: ESTEE
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Ruben and I used to be homies, but
dialog: he hates me now I think.
speaker_heading: ESTEE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I don’t know. Maybe ‘cuz Fuckshit
dialog: likes me more now I think.
text: Stevie thinks about this.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jorge is so cool. He’s like, the
dialog: coolest fucking person. But he
dialog: probably doesn’t think I’m that
dialog: cool. Like he probably doesn’t want
dialog: to be best friends or whatever.
text: She smiles at how cute Stevie is.
speaker_heading: ESTEE
dialog: You're so cute. Angela likes Jorge
dialog: a lot. Do you think Jorge would
dialog: actually date Angela or just like
dialog: hook up with her and then like, not
dialog: talk to her for like a month until
dialog: he wants to hook up again? And
dialog: then, like, pretend to be nice
dialog: again?
text: Stevie really doesn’t know what to say...
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Uh...
speaker_heading: ESTEE
dialog: You're nicer than those guys.
dialog: You're, like, naturally nice. Not
dialog: like, fake nice.
dialog: 84.
text: Stevie tries to figure out a response.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Thank you. You’re nice too.
speaker_heading: ESTEE
dialog: You're like at the age before guys
dialog: become, like, mean.
text: Stevie looks down and smiles.
speaker_heading: ESTEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you ever done stuff with a
dialog: girl?
text: Oh shit. Stevie is nervous as fuck. Pulls it together best he
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Estee looks at Stevie skeptically but with a sly smile. She’s
dialog: pretty sure he’s full of shit.
text: She grabs his hand and leads him away...
text: Through the living room, where Fuckshit is watching the
text: cartoon show “Doug” on the TV. Fuckshit and Ruben clock Estee
dialog: leading Stevie...
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (whispers to himself in
dialog: disbelief)
dialog: What the fuck?
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S PARENTS BEDROOM - A LITTLE LATER
text: Stevie and Estee sit on the bed with the lights off. Only the
dialog: moonlight shows us anything. Stevie is crazy nervous.
text: After a long silence, Estee leans in and kisses Stevie. They
text: start making out... not in a movie way, but just a long early
text: teenage make out. No music, just sounds of making out.
text: After an uncomfortably long time, she stops kissing him. She
text: takes off her shirt and bra. She takes her pants off. She
text: takes his hand and very slowly moves it up her leg. She
text: guides Stevie’s hand up her thigh and into her underwear.
text: She moves Stevie’s hand around. After a few moments of
text: searching we see his face turn to surprise/confusion/shock
text: but he is hiding it well. She then takes Stevie’s pants off.
text: She puts her hand in his crotch.
dialog: 85.
dialog: We show whatever is legally possible to show and try and make
text: this as authentic as possible to convey the awkwardness and
dialog: discomfort of teenage sexuality.
text: CLOSE UP ON THEIR FACES for an uncomfortably long time.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S PARENTS BEDROOM —- MINUTES LATER
text: In silence, Stevie sits on one side of the bed pulling his
text: jeans up over his boxers. Estee is putting her shirt on.
dialog: No bad feelings or anything like that, just awkward teenage
dialog: “I don’t know how to have a normal conversation after this”.
text: Estee gets up and walks towards the door but doesn’t exit.
text: She turns towards Stevie.
speaker_heading: ESTEE
dialog: Come on.
text: Stevie gets up and walks towards her. She gives Stevie a
text: sweet smile. He gives her a sweet smile back. She opens the
text: door and they walk out, but not holding hands this time.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S LIVING ROOM - SECONDS LATER
text: The girls clock Estee and Stevie and know where they’ve been.
text: Estee veers off towards the girls in the kitchen and they all
text: giggle a bit. Stevie hears the guys outside and walks out the
dialog: door to go be with them.
text: The crew laughs at Jorge’s retelling of what happened in his
text: hook up with Angela. Everyone is into the story except
text: Fuckshit who is fuming. Jorge is so unaware that he hurt his
text: friend tonight. Stevie walks up with a smile he can’t
dialog: contain.
text: They shift their focus towards him. Except for Ruben, they're
text: all happy as fuck for Stevie and a little ready to give hima
dialog: hard time/are going to make him tell them everything.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (huge smile)
dialog: What the fuck’s up, Sunblock?
text: Stevie smiles from ear to ear. The Crew starts laughing. Give
dialog: Stevie bro hug props.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: You need to tell us what the fuck
dialog: happened in there.
text: WHIP PAN to Stevie. He looks like the happiest deer ever to
text: be caught in headlights.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (mind blown)
dialog: She put two of my fingers in her
text: vagina.
text: WHIP PAN back to the Crew.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
text: OOOOOHHHHHH/ SHIT! /HAHAHAHA!
text: WHIP PAN to Stevie. He’s fucked up and laughing with them.
dialog: He’s way looser than we’ve ever seen him.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: It’s like, so much further DOWN
dialog: than I always thought. It’s so low.
text: WHIP PAN to the Crew. They explode with laughter.
text: WHIP PAN to Fourth Grade.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (laughing THEN “the more
dialog: you know”)
dialog: You know there’s a third hole just
dialog: for peeing?
text: WHIP PAN to Stevie.
dialog: Stevie did not know that.
text: WHIP PAN to Fuckshit.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Everybody fucking knows that. What
dialog: else happened?
text: WHIP PAN to Stevie.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so happy)
dialog: She touched my dick. Like, a lot.
text: WHIP PAN back to the crew. They are giving him props.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
text: SHIT/THAT’S TIGHT!
dialog: 87.
dialog: Stevie feels like the man.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so genuine/wasted)
dialog: I'd like to have that happen more.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Estee is bangin’. Props little,
dialog: nigga.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: That’s dope/props.
text: Jorge looks at Stevie and smiles and laughs a little. Jorge
text: is pretty wasted and is proud of the other Casanova in the
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: That's what’s up, homie!
text: The guys all drunk skate. Jorge is veering on uncomfortably
text: fucked up. He puts his arm around Stevie.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (slurring)
dialog: Look at yuur man, fing’ring grlls
dialog: and shit. You, fuck yeah, man.
text: Jorge hands him the 40.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Drrnk that shit, Sunblock.
text: Stevie is drunk but continues to drink more. Jorge watches
text: Stevie drink more. Smiling at getting Stevie fucked up for
dialog: the first time.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: You fucked up, huh?
text: Stevie smiles and nods his head.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know it’s only getting better
dialog: from here. Only getting better and
dialog: bigger, yo.
text: Stevie nods his head. He is loving this attention from Jorge.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Stevie)
dialog: You my homie, lil’ homie.
dialog: 88.
text: Stevie is in heaven. He is accepted by Jorge. He is so proud
text: that Jorge considers him a friend. Stevie’s hero worship has
text: now been transferred from Fuckshit to Jorge.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself/drunk)
dialog: We about to BLOW UP.
dialog: (to Stevie)
dialog: Drink that shit, yo.
text: Stevie does. Jorge wants Stevie to be as fucked up as he is.
dialog: It’s uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahhh. That’s funny shit, yo. You
dialog: love this shit?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (waving his arms)
dialog: All this fucking shit?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Yell that shit, then?
text: Stevie looks confused but into it.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I fucking love this shit?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Louder, yo. Fuckin’ louder.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (screams )
dialog: I fucking love this shit!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Louder, yo!
dialog: In heaven to be bonding with Jorge.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
text: I FUCKING LOVE THIS SHIT! I FUCKING
text: LOVE THIS SHIT!!!!! I FUCKING LOVE
speaker_heading: THIS SHITII111!
dialog: 89.
text: Jorge and Stevie laugh.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
text: DO YOU GUYS FUCKING LOVE THIS
dialog: SHIT?!
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: (wasted)
dialog: WE LOVE THIS SHIT! /WHAT?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I LOVE THIS SHIT!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I LOVE THIS SHIT!
text: Fuckshit looks over pissed at Jorge.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: You too drunk, nigga!
text: Jorge just laughs at Fuckshit. Fuckshit skates around in his
dialog: own world.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Y'all love this SHIT?!
text: Ruben reluctantly screams.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: I LOVE THIS SHIT!/I LOVE THIS SHIT!
text: WIDE SHOT of all of them in the back yard screaming.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: I LOVE THIS SHIT! I LOVE THIS SHIT!
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - FRONT ENTRANCE - 1:30AM THAT NIGHT
text: We hear a key attempting to open a lock.
text: Stevie enters the house, trying to be super quiet. Dabney is
text: passed out on the front hall chair. Stevie sneaks past her.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Ian stands in the hallway waiting for Stevie to walk by him
text: sheepishly as he normally does. Instead, Stevie bullishly and
text: confidently walks up to Ian in the hallway without lowering
text: his head or even acknowledging Ian being there. Ian is almost
text: in shock he doesn’t know how to react to this version of
text: Stevie. Stevie stares him dead in his eyes.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (dead serious/scary/as
dialog: concerned as he can ever
dialog: be)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing,
dialog: Stevie? You’re fucking up.
text: Stevie is fuming. He breathes deep sighs of anger and finally
text: spews out...
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (filled with rage)
dialog: YOU CAN'T FUCK WITH ME ANYMORE! !!!!
text: Before Ian can react Stevie SHOVES Ian as hard as he can.
text: Ian, caught off guard and in shock, FLIES back into his door
text: REALLY HARD and hits the ground. Stevie cannot believe what
text: he has just done, but is having a rage black out. He runs
text: away from Ian and heads towards the kitchen. Ian SHOOTS up
text: like lightening and chases after Stevie into the kitchen!
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie CRASHES into the kitchen and frantically opens the
text: fridge and grabs Ian’s orange juice with his name written on
text: it in Sharpie. Ian CRASHES into the kitchen immediately and
text: looks like he is going to murder Stevie. Stevie frantically
text: opens the orange juice and unzips his fly. He takes his DICK
text: out of his pants and begins PISSING in Ian’s orange juice.
text: Ian RUSHES over and starts BEATING THE SHIT out of Stevie.
dialog: The hardest beating we've seen Stevie take so far, but this
text: time Stevie is fighting back. Hard. He is taking real shots
text: at Ian which only is infuriating Ian more. This is so brutal
text: and uncomfortable to watch. Tears are flowing from both kids
text: and fists are saying what words should be in a perfect world.
text: Ian VERY DELIBERATELY PUNCHES Stevie in the FACE. TWICE. The
text: first actual full face punches we have seen Ian throw.
text: Dabney, all of the sudden, CRASHES into the kitchen and
text: messily BREAKS UP THE FIGHT. It is violent and ugly even when
text: their mother is in the middle. She finally gets them to stop.
text: It is similar to the beginning of the movie, except all three
text: of them are sitting silently on the floor breathing insanely
text: heavily. This is an incredibly emotionally charged moment for
text: everyone. This time, Stevie POPS UP and runs out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Stevie runs into his room and slams the door. He stumbles as
text: if he doesn’t know where to go or what to do. He is searching
text: for something but doesn’t know what. He lunges to the floor
text: at his Nintendo. On his knees, he grabs the Nintendo
text: controller and WRAPS THE RUBBER CORD AROUND HIS NECK.
dialog: 91.
text: He PULLS HIS HANDS and different directions, aggressively
text: choking himself with the cord. This is painful to watch. He
text: does it for a FEW SECONDS in real time. His face turns bright
text: red and as he is running out of air he LETS GO of the cord.
text: He falls onto his back gasping for air. We see the red mark
text: around his neck left by the cord. He gasps for air and
text: breathes heavy for an uncomfortable amount of time.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SHOP - OUT FRONT - THE NEXT DAY
text: CLOSE UP OF DABNEY’S HAND ON THE BACK OF STEVIE’S NECK
text: FORCING HIM INTO THE SHOP.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
speaker_heading: MOM, PLEASE!
text: Dabney says nothing and just drags Stevie into the store.
text: Stevie has a GIANT BLACK EYE from the punches he took from
dialog: Ian the night before.
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE SHOP - HANG OUT AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: DING! Dabney BURSTS into the store with her hand on Stevie’s
text: neck. The crew all looks up like “what is going on here?”
text: Dabney drags Stevie over to the work station where Fuckshit
text: is reading a magazine.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: WHAT IS YOUR NAME?
text: Stevie is so embarrassed.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: My name?
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: WHAT IS YOUR NAME?
dialog: This isn’t gonna be good.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Fuckshit.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
scene_heading: FUCKSHIT?! PERFECT NAME. LISTEN TO
dialog: ME. YOU DO NOT GIVE MY SON ALCOHOL.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Lady...
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: DON'T YOU “LADY” ME. YOU DO NOT
dialog: GIVE MY SON ALCOHOL. YOU DO NOT
scene_heading: GIVE MY SON DRUGS. DO YOU
dialog: UNDERSTAND ME?
text: Fuckshit looks at Stevie, who is mortified. Fuckshit decides
text: to do his friend a solid and nod his head to Dabney.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
scene_heading: IT BETTER BE COOL, FUCK HEAD, OR
dialog: WHATEVER THE FUCK YOUR NAME IS.
text: Ruben laughs. He is happy Stevie is being embarrassed so hard
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Ruben)
dialog: YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY?!
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Yes.
text: Jorge and Fuckshit chuckle.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: You know what I find funny?
dialog: (beat/ quietly frantic)
dialog: I find it funny that ten years from
dialog: now I’'ll be going to the gas
dialog: station and one of you will be
dialog: cleaning my windshield.
dialog: This actually hurts the crew members. She’s being way too
text: harsh and is hitting some nerves.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: So laugh hard now. Because Stevie
dialog: will be at his good job while
dialog: you'll only have the memory of my
dialog: anger to laugh about while you’re
dialog: sleeping in a cardboard fucking
dialog: box.
text: The crew is silent and hurt. Stevie is mortified.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (sincere/hurt)
dialog: You don’t know us.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: I don’t. And I don’t want to.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE (0.S.)
dialog: (super confused/genuine)
dialog: Why aren’t you Asian?
text: Dabney whips around to Fourth Grade.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: I thought you were Asian?
text: Dabney is so furious and confused.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (confused anger to Stevie)
dialog: What is he talking about?!
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: Is she mad about the fingering?
text: Stevie’s face turns bright red and is somehow even more
text: mortified. Fuckshit and Jorge shake their head like “Jesus,
text: Fourth Grade”. Ruben is in heaven at this embarrassing scene.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (confused/even more angry)
dialog: What fingering?!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
speaker_heading: MOM!
text: Stevie has had enough. He grabs his mom’s hand and forcefully
text: leads her out to the front of the store.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (over her shoulder)
text: SAY GOODBYE, STEVIE! THIS IS THE
dialog: LAST TIME YOU EVER COME HERE!
dialog: DING!
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SHOP - OUT FRONT - CONTINUOUS
text: Stevie is FUMING as is Dabney.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!!??!?
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: What are YOU doing?!?
text: Stevie is searching for words. He can’t find them.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: AHHHHH!!!!
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: WHO ARE THESE KIDS?! THEY LOOK
dialog: LIKE...
dialog: (can’t find non-racist
dialog: words )
scene_heading: GANG... MEMBERS.
dialog: Stevie has had enough!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: IS THAT IT?! YOU MEAN THEY LOOK
text: BLACK?! AND MEXICAN?! YOU MEAN THEY
dialog: LOOK, NOT WHITE?!
text: Dabney is very hurt by this assumption, not realizing he may
dialog: have found some uncomfortable truth.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
text: OH JESUS FUCKING CHRIST! YOU THINK
dialog: I’M RACIST?! I LOVE ALL RACES!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
text: JUST NOT WHEN THEY’RE HANGING OUT
dialog: WITH YOUR SON!
speaker_heading: DABNEY
text: I WON’T EVEN ENTERTAIN THIS
speaker_heading: CONVERSATION!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: IS THAT IT?! IS THAT IT?!
text: Dabney’s eyes tear up.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: I can’t do this. You can’t put me
dialog: through this, too.
text: Tears stream down her cheek.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (so hurt. He’s done with
dialog: her)
dialog: What you just did to me...in
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (swallows his tears)
dialog: I can’t be around you.
dialog: He can’t not hate her in this moment. Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (very upset)
dialog: You used to like spending time with
dialog: me.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I finally made some friends that
dialog: aren’t MY MOM. Your best friend is
dialog: a twelve-year-old. You think I give
dialog: a shit about your dates?!
dialog: (Dabney is really wounded)
dialog: It’s pathetic.
dialog: (with hate and tears in
dialog: his eyes)
dialog: I got a LIFE. You need to get one
dialog: too.
text: Dabney is crushed. Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: You’ve become ugly.
text: She walks away in tears, fumbles with her keys, gets in her
text: car and drives off. Stevie is by himself. He picks up his
text: board and smacks the wheels into the concrete a few times in
dialog: anger.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK PARKING LOT OF ULTIMATE SHOP - EVENING
text: With an intense and angered look on his face, Stevie does
text: ollie after ollie. He now landing 90 percent of them. It is
text: impressive and obsessive. He is drenched in sweat.
text: Fuckshit walks out back and lights up a cigarette. Stevie
text: doesn’t even notice. He just keeps ollieing.
text: CLOSE UP on Stevie’s intense face.
text: CLOSE UP on Fuckshit noticing this and smoking.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Yo.
text: Stevie is startled. Fuckshit laughs.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Relax, dude.
text: Stevie fetches his board. Doesn’t say anything. Fuckshit
text: walks over to Stevie and sits against the wall he is near.
text: Stevie sits down next to him against the wall.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: You a’ight?
text: Stevie is catching his breath while looking down at his feet.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t look a’ight.
text: Stevie stays looking down at his feet. Catching his breath.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Your moms is a uh... real serious.
text: Beat of Stevie breathing.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I can’t take this shit sometimes.
text: Fuckshit nods his head for a second.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: What kind of shit?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Just shit.
text: Fuckshit takes it in. Figuring out what to say.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I think sometimes we think our own
dialog: lives are the most fucked up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I think if you look in anyone's
dialog: closet, you wouldn’t trade your
dialog: shit for their shit.
text: Stevie looks at Fuckshit for the first time in this
dialog: conversation. Beat.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Fourth Grade’s mom died when he was
dialog: like, a baby.
dialog: Stevie had never thought about Fourth Grade’s life beyond
text: filming and hanging out.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: And he’s also, literally, the
dialog: poorest person I have ever met.
dialog: Like, not even making a joke. He is
dialog: the brokest ass motherfucker I
dialog: know. Like, homeboy doesn’t own
dialog: socks.
text: Stevie takes this in.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Ruben’s mom beats the fuck out of
text: him and his sister.
dialog: Stevie is affected by this.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
text: Jorge can’t see his mom sometimes.
dialog: She's hooked on pills and shit. He
dialog: came home from school, like a year
dialog: ago, and she had taken like a
dialog: million pills. She should have
dialog: died. But she didn’t. And now he
dialog: can’t see her sometimes for like
dialog: months. That’s why he lives with
dialog: his grandma.
text: Stevie can barely swallow he’s so shook up by this.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: My younger brother died. Three
dialog: years ago. He was like a year
dialog: younger than you. Crossing the
dialog: street to go to soccer practice.
dialog: Hit by an old man who shouldn't
dialog: have even been fucking driving.
text: Stevie is so upset for his friend his eyes water. Fuckshit
text: stares ahead of him.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: And now I have this car, right? No
dialog: way my parents could afford two
dialog: trucks. It’s like they spent the
dialog: money they would have spent on him,
dialog: on me. Every time I drive that
dialog: motherfucker I think, “I wouldn’t
dialog: have this car if my brother was
dialog: here.”
text: Fuckshit takes a deep breath. Stevie is silent.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: After he died. You know what
dialog: happened the next night?
text: Stevie doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Jorge came to my house, dragged me
dialog: to the Courthouse, and made me go
dialog: skating with him ‘til the sun came
dialog: up.
text: They sit in silence for a long beat.
text: Fuckshit punches Stevie’s arm with a love tap.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's go.
text: They get up.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Emotionally tonal music plays as we see shots of Stevie and
text: Fuckshit skating the courthouse at night. There is an
dialog: aggression, beauty and a therapeutic nature to their skating.
text: They are sweating and skating into the wee hours of the
dialog: night.
text: Fuckshit is asleep on one of the ledges in the middle of the
dialog: night.
text: Stevie looks up at a HOMELESS MAN, 50, sitting on the Upper
text: Deck drinking out of a bottle of liquor at a picnic table by
text: himself. Stevie stares at him.
text: Stevie approaches him and sits at the table with him. The
text: Homeless man barely looks up at Stevie and breathes heavy.
text: Stevie puts two dollars on the table and slides over to him.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Can I have some?
text: The homeless man passes him the bottle. Stevie takes three
speaker_heading: BIG SWIGS.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: Hey.
text: Stevie hands him back the bottle. Choking a bit from the
dialog: amount of alcohol he drank.
dialog: 99.
text: Stevie pulls out a pack of cigarettes and lights one up and
text: starts smoking. He offers one to the Homeless Man. He lights
text: his and smokes.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I like watching the kids
dialog: skateboarding.
text: Stevie doesn’t say anything. The homeless man takes another
text: swig from the bottle. He puts it down.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s nice.
text: The Homeless Man starts breathing heavy and passes out.
text: Stevie stares at him for a long beat. Stevie picks up his
text: bottle and starts swigging from it. He makes sure the
text: Homeless Man is asleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Stevie skates around while swigging from the bottle of
text: alcohol. He is clearly fucked up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - SUNRISE
text: Stevie is asleep on one of the ledges near Fuckshit as the
text: sun comes up. Stevie’s board is next to him as is the now
text: empty bottle of alcohol.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK PARKING LOT OF ULTIMATE SHOP - A COUPLE WEEKS LATER
scene_heading: BANNER: THIRD ANNUAL ULTIMATE BBQ
text: Stevie is wearing his Ultimate hoodie. He carries a tray of
text: frozen burger patties and hot dogs and breezes past Ruben as
text: they give each other a dirty look. Ruben is collecting two
text: bucks a head as SKATERS pour into the store for the party.
text: Stevie weaves in and out of skaters hanging and drinking in
text: the store and makes his way out back.
text: The back parking lot is PACKED with a 150 SKATER KIDS, all
text: ages. There is a barbecue set up with Fourth Grade grilling
text: hot dogs and hamburgers and talking to ANOTHER SKATER, 18.
text: Stevie drops off his tray of frozen meat to Fourth Grade.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (to Stevie)
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (to the skater)
dialog: I know it sounds crazy, but
dialog: cinnamon. Just a fucking dash of
dialog: cinnamon. These are ready!
text: Kids swarm and grab at the burgers and hot dogs like zombies
text: at flesh. Within seconds the tray is empty.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D)
dialog: (to the skater)
dialog: These people are animals.
text: There is a Quarter pipe and knee high metal handrail set up
text: that the best skaters are skating as the other kids watch. It
text: looks crazy fun. Stevie approaches Fourth Grade and drops off
text: the frozen meat.
text: Fuckshit pulls his truck into the back parking lot, narrowly
text: avoiding kids. He jumps out.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Look who’s got his fucking ride
dialog: back, nigga!
text: The crew is excited. He pops the trunk and Stevie and the
text: crew help him carry booze and 40s out of the back and put
text: them in ice buckets. The skaters all attack the booze.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: INT. ULTIMATE STORE BATHROOM - LATER
text: Stevie walks into the bathroom and sees Jorge meticulously
text: grooming himself in the mirror. He slicks back his hair and
text: makes sure his outfit looks absolutely perfectly “messy”.
text: Every tear in his Dickies or rolled up sleeve is incredibly
text: thought out and deliberate. He notices Stevie walk in, but
dialog: doesn’t have a shred of shame or embarrassment about his
dialog: grooming ritual.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (happy to see Stevie)
dialog: Oh what up, Sunblock?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (happy to be greeted by
dialog: his hero so warmly)
dialog: What up, JORGE!
dialog: 101.
text: Jorge reaches out for a fist bump with one hand, and picks up
text: an almost empty 40 ounce off the sink. He takes a few swigs
text: and hands it to Stevie.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Kill it, dog.
text: Stevie starts chugging it.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Finish that shit! Pound that shit!
text: Stevie is an old pro at this point, taking down the rest of
text: the 40 with ease. Jorge laughs and goes back to making his
dialog: hair look perfect.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Big fucking day today. Heard a
text: bunch of pros are coming through.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (lights up)
dialog: For real?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (still grooming in mirror)
dialog: For real, yo. I gotta kill it
dialog: today. I look fresh, I just gotta
dialog: land everything.
text: Stevie gives an encouraging smile.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (in awe)
dialog: You got this.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (pumped/a little nervous)
dialog: I look dope as fuck, right?
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: So dope.
text: Jorge fake wrestles with Stevie as they crash out of the
text: bathroom door.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SHOP - BACK PARKING LOT - LATER
text: Stevie is following Jorge around like a puppy as Jorge works
text: the room. Stevie is working the room, emulating Jorge best he
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
dialog: 102.
text: Jorge is now busting tricks and landing everything clean as
text: hell. Stevie is following him around busting his little
dialog: tricks he can do. Little ollies. 180s. He’s gotten better.
text: Stevie clocks the Chocolate pros, Daniel and Chico, that
text: Jorge was hanging with at the courthouse watching Jorge
text: skate. They seem really impressed.
text: Stevie sees Jorge clock the pros and head over to them.
text: Stevie watches Jorge and the pros bro-hug and exchange
dialog: laughs.
text: Stevie watches for a moment and then we see him make the
text: decision to approach Jorge and the pros. Jorge introduces
text: Stevie to the pros like his little buddy.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: This is the little homie
dialog: “Sunblock”.
text: The pros say hi, but barely give him a polite greeting. Jorge
dialog: sees the pros aren’t into this little kid.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: This little bitch will do anything
dialog: we tell him to.
text: The pros laugh. We see on his face, this makes Stevie feel
dialog: really bad. He thought he was past that kind of thing with
text: Jorge. We see Stevie make the conscious decision to lean into
dialog: what made them laugh even if it hurts him inside.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (making fun of himself)
dialog: That's right. I’m the Ultimate
dialog: bitch.
text: Stevie does a mock curtsy. The pros and Jorge laugh. Stevie
text: laughs along with them, but it’s painful to watch him degrade
dialog: himself for them.
text: Stevie sees Fuckshit across the lot clocking Stevie doing his
text: dancing monkey act for the pros. Fuckshit looks subtly
text: disappointed in him.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Go grab us some forties, bitch.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (braving a smile)
dialog: For sure.
text: Stevie walks away. We see his fake smile turn to a painful
dialog: expression.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SHOP - BACK PARKING LOT - AN HOUR LATER
text: Everyone is WASTED. Stevie skates around and finishes off a
text: 40. Ruben BUMPS into him. Stevie catches himself before he
text: falls, but this was aggressive. They’re both very drunk.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: Watch where the fuck you skating
dialog: at.
text: Stevie looks at him.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: What is your problem, man?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: You're my fucking problem, faggot!
text: Kids start to notice and gather around. Fuckshit is no where
text: to be found. Jorge is celebrating and getting fucked up with
text: his new friends. Fourth Grade just films.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: I would, but you’re too busy
dialog: sucking Jorge's dick!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Why don’t you go get me a forty
dialog: since you’re the store bitch!
text: Ruben pushes Stevie.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't fucking touch me.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: What the fuck are you gonna do,
dialog: faggot?!
text: Ruben pushes Stevie a little harder.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I swear you touch me again and I'1l
dialog: beat your ass like your fucking MOM
dialog: does!
text: Ruben PUSHES Stevie HARD. Stevie CRASHES DOWN! The crowd is
text: excited for a fight. Flash of Ian beating on Stevie from the
text: opening. Stevie LEAPS UP and starts BEATING THE SHIT OUT OF
text: RUBEN! !!! It is VIOLENT and really UGLY.
dialog: 104.
text: Stevie sees FLASHES of Ian beating him in the opening.
text: Ruben’s face is bleeding and Stevie just is blind with rage.
text: Punching and punching. His hand is bleeding. His eyes are
text: filled with tears.
text: More FLASHES of Ian punching Stevie in the face in the
dialog: kitchen.
text: Ruben is bloody as hell. Stevie keeps beating. Finally,
dialog: Fuckshit PULLS Stevie off of Ruben!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING,
dialog: NIGGA?!
text: Stevie can’t speak. He is sobbing. He is overcome with
text: emotion and tears. Fuckshit picks up Ruben. He is bloody but
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: FUCK YOU!
text: The two boys are sitting on the concrete separated. Exhausted
text: and terrified. It is intense. Long, tense beat.
scene_heading: EXT. ULTIMATE SHOP - BACK PARKING LOT - LATER
text: The BBQ is almost empty. Fuckshit and Fourth Grade clean up
text: the back parking lot. Stevie sits by himself on the ground
text: getting really fucked up, drinking a 40. He is really shaken
text: by what went down earlier. Fuckshit and Fourth Grade go over
dialog: to Stevie.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: You okay?
text: Stevie can’t look at him or talk. He’s really shaken up.
text: Jorge and Ruben walk over really wasted. Ruben’s face is
text: FUCKED UP. He and Stevie avoid eye contact.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Where the muthafuckin’ PARTY at?!
text: Jorge is laughing. So happy and fucked up. The rest of the
text: crew has a dark vibe about them. Jorge is, of course,
text: unaware.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: We celebratin’ life tonight, yo!
dialog: (to Fuckshit)
dialog: The Chocolate dudes told me about a
dialog: party lets take your car and
dialog: fucking rage, yo!
dialog: Fuckshit and Jorge need to talk but now is not the time.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: I'm fucking wasted. You’re fucking
dialog: wasted. We’re all fucking wasted.
dialog: No fucking way I can drive. It’s
dialog: been a crazy day, let’s just call
dialog: it quits, nigga.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (no way)
dialog: Fuck that noise, yo! Not tonight!
dialog: NOT TONIGHT! We celebrating
dialog: tonight! You can drive, yo!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (serious)
dialog: No I can’t. I’m fucked up.
text: Jorge grabs into Fuckshit’s pockets and grabs his keys.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Fine pussy! I'll drive!
text: Fuckshit looks pissed. Jorge gets in the driver’s seat.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuckshit you riding in the back
dialog: ‘cuz you're a bitch, dog! Sunblock,
dialog: you're riding up front because you
dialog: get pussy like me, yo.
dialog: Stevie looks at Fuckshit like “should I get in? Are you
dialog: getting in?”
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sunblock get in the fucking car!
text: Stevie isn’t sure what to do.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
text: SUNBLOCK! GET IN THE FUCKING CAR!
text: Stevie is nervous and scared. He gets up and gets in the
text: front seat.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fourth grade get your fucking ass
dialog: in here!
text: Fourth Grade is scared of Jorge and gets in the car.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ruben, you better get your ass in
dialog: the fucking car, now!
text: Ruben, drunken and angrily, gets in the back seat.
text: Jorge stares at Fuckshit. Fuckshit stares back. It’s a
text: showdown. Fuckshit won’t let Stevie go by himself with a
text: drunk Jorge. He reluctantly gets in the car in the back seat.
scene_heading: INT. MITSUBISHI MONTERO SUV - MINUTES LATER
text: Jorge drives down the streets of Palms. He is drunk and all
text: over the road. He squints his eyes but is full of happiness.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (drunk but concerned)
dialog: Just pull the fucking car over.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I’m not gonna let you bring me
dialog: down. Not tonight, yo.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: What’s so special about tonight?
dialog: Something you want to tell us?
text: Jorge turns around to yell back at Fuckshit. It’s scary. We
text: see Fourth Grade getting very nervous. He fiddles with his
text: camera because he is drunk and nervous and doesn’t know how
text: to vocalize his concern for Jorge's driving. Stevie is in his
dialog: own head.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (to himself really freaked
dialog: out/drunk/teary eyed)
dialog: That was really bad.
text: Jorge turns around recklessly to talk to Fuckshit.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Yeah there is something I want to
dialog: tell you, but I can’t because
dialog: you'll just be a fucking hater
dialog: about it!
dialog: Revision 107.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Watch the fucking road!
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (furious/embarrassed)
dialog: You're a fucking piece of shit,
dialog: Stevie!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: This is the best night of my
dialog: fucking life and I can’t even tell
dialog: MY BOY about it!
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Say what you gotta say
dialog: motherfucker! !
text: Jorge keeps turning around recklessly while yelling at
text: Fuckshit. Fourth Grade is uncomfortably toying with his
text: camera. He is really scared right now. His eyes are now
dialog: closed.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: I was the only person who even
dialog: fucking TALKED to you!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (fully in tears to
dialog: himself)
dialog: I shouldn't have fucking done that.
text: Stevie sees more flashes of him beating Ruben and Ian beating
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JORGE
text: THEY PUT ME ON THE CHOCOLATE
text: AMATEUR TEAM!!! THERE! I SAID IT!
text: IT’S THE BEST THING THAT’S EVER
text: HAPPENED TO ME!!! NOW SAY ALL THE
text: NEGATIVE SHIT YOU WANT TO SAY ABOUT
dialog: IT AND ME, YO!!!
text: Jorge keeps looking back to the road and then turning back to
text: yell at Fuckshit. Everyone is scared shitless but emotions
dialog: are running high.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
text: I WANT TO BE FUCKING HAPPY FOR YOU
text: BUT YOU’RE SUCH A PIECE OF SHIT
text: ABOUT EVERYTHING, NIGGA!!!
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (freaking out)
dialog: The second Jorge and Fuckshit
dialog: started talking to you, you fucking
speaker_heading: BAILED!
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (to himself/crying)
dialog: What the fuck did I do?!
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (begging his friends)
dialog: STOP FIGHTING, GUYS!!
speaker_heading: JORGE
text: SHUT THE FUCK UP AND FILM! THAT’S
dialog: WHY YOU'RE HERE!
text: Fourth Grade looks deeply hurt.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
text: DON’T FUCKING TALK LIKE THAT TO
dialog: HIM!!!)
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: YOU DON’T DO SHIT BUT FILM! YOU
text: DON'T CONTRIBUTE, YOU JUST FILM OUR
text: LIVES! SO SHUT THE FUCK UP AND
speaker_heading: FILM!
text: Fourth Grade is crushed and also super freaked out. Stevie is
text: crying into his hands. He rolls down his window to heave in
text: fresh air.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
text: YOU DON’T THINK ABOUT ANYONE BUT
text: YO’ FUCKIN’ SELF, NIGGA!!!!!
text: Jorge checks the road.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS OF ME!!
text: Stevie is rocking back and forth freaking out. He hangs his
text: right arm out the window almost trying to escape the car.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: FUCK! YOU!
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: YOU'RE A PIECE OF SHIT!
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (freaking out)
dialog: I FUCKED UP!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: YOU JUST DON’T HAVE IT, YO! JUST BE
dialog: HAPPY THAT I DO, AND YOU KNOW ME!
text: Jorge turns to continue yelling at Fuckshit but as he does,
text: his arm turns the wheel... THE CAR VIOLENTLY FLIPS OVER!!!
text: THE CAR IS ON IT’S SIDE AND STEVIE’S ARM IS TRAPPED UNDER THE
text: CAR. Jorge is above him strapped into his seat belt. The car
text: SKIDS across the asphalt. There is only deafening natural
text: noise heard. The car SKIDS to a halt on its side.
text: We only hear natural noise which is only heavy breathing from
text: the crew and the blinker blinking.
text: Jorge is conscious and hanging from his seat belt, suspended
text: above Stevie. Stevie is unconscious but breathing. There is
text: glass and blood all over him. We can’t see his arm.
text: Jorge looks down at Stevie. He is not sure, as are we not
dialog: sure, if Stevie is about to die.
text: Jorge unclicks his seat belt and comes CRASHING down on top
text: of Stevie. Jorge makes a grunt but Stevie just breathes
text: heavily. Jorge is awkwardly on top of Stevie and is trying to
text: wake him up silently by grabbing his face. Stevie is
text: breathing but not responding.
text: Stevie finally opens his eyes, but he cannot really move or
text: talk. He looks right into Jorge’s eyes. Jorge looks back into
text: Stevie’s eyes. Silence for a long beat.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (freaked the fuck out)
dialog: WHAT THE FUCK?!
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: Are you guys okay?
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (in pain/shock)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JORGE
scene_heading: (IN COMPLETE SHOCK)
dialog: Sunblock is... Sunblock is fucked
dialog: up...
dialog: 110.
text: CLOSE UP on Stevie as he lays there breathing silently with
text: his eyes open. We HOLD ON Stevie for an uncomfortably long
text: time in silence except for the clicking of the blinker. Very
text: haunting and simple music is now all we hear as we hold on
text: Stevie’s face even longer.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - 15 MINUTES LATER
text: We still only hear the haunting and simple music as TWO
text: AMBULANCE GUYS, mid 20s, come CRASHING through the automatic
text: doors of the Emergency Room wheeling Stevie in on a gurney.
text: Stevie has some cuts on his face and we see a massive blob of
text: white bandages around his right arm. He looks beyond out of
text: it. Stevie is in shock.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY SURGERY ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: TWO DOCTORS, 40s, stand over Stevie having a hurried
text: discussion. The song fades out.
text: STEVIE’S POV: of the Two Doctors standing over him. (it looks
text: like there’s Vaseline on the lense to create Stevie’s hazed
dialog: view.)
speaker_heading: DOCTOR 1
dialog: I think we might have to take it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR 2
dialog: He’s losing a lot of blood but I
dialog: think we can graft and he can keep
dialog: the arm.
text: STEVIE’S POV SHIFTS PAST the Doctors with the same Vaseline
text: hazy filter to the corner of the room where Dabney is sitting
text: in a chair sobbing.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: The doctors do a skin graft from Stevie’s right leg and graft
text: the skin to his right arm. His right arm is torn apart and we
dialog: see the bone.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Dabney is folding Stevie’s Ultimate sweatshirt he was wearing
text: during the crash. The right arm is completely shredded. She
text: looks at the damage of the sweatshirt. She continues to fold
dialog: it to keep it for him.
text: Stevie slowly opens his eyes. His arm is bandaged up post
text: surgery. Dabney sits next to the bed in a chair. Dabney and
text: Stevie look into each others eyes. Silent beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (shook up and quiet)
dialog: They were talking about taking your
text: arm off.
text: Stevie can’t look her in the eye.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (tearing up)
dialog: They said you are lucky you didn’t
dialog: die.
text: Beat of silence. Stevie looks down.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: This feels so weird.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m in the hospital. All hurt. And
dialog: it feels like you should feel bad
dialog: for me, but you’re so scared and...
dialog: mad at me. It makes me... sad...
dialog: that I am making you feel this way.
text: Beat. Dabney takes this in.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: I'm disappointed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And freaked the FUCK OUT.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm... furious. And terrified.
text: This crushes Stevie.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into his eyes)
dialog: Stevie, come on. I know you can do
dialog: it, so just do it.
text: Stevie tears up looking at his mom.
dialog: Revision 112.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know that I love you. You can
dialog: get through this time. We can.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: I’m not trying to scare you because
dialog: I’m scared to.
text: Dabney tears up. Long Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: (looking away)
dialog: Where'd you go, Stevie?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You used to be my best friend.
text: Long Beat. Stevie tears up.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (really quiet)
dialog: I just am not sure if I’m a good
dialog: person.
text: They both sit in silence. She puts her hand on his face.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DABNEY
dialog: You’re not old enough to be a bad
dialog: person.
dialog: Beat.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: Dabney walks out of the room, exhausted, disheveled and
text: holding her rumpled coffee cup. She stops in her tracks as
text: she enters the waiting room. She sees Fuckshit, Fourth Grade
text: and Ruben dangling off of chairs, fast asleep. They’ve slept
text: there all night. She stares at each of their baby faces.
text: While sleeping they seem angelic. These are just kids.
text: Children. Dabney is overwhelmed with emotion that these boys
dialog: slept there all night. She understands the love these boys
text: have for each other. She walks over to Fuckshit. He gently
text: wakes up. He looks deep into Dabney’s eyes without saying
text: anything. She says nothing. They make a very emotional
text: locking of eyes. Dabney shows warmth in her face towards him
text: for the first time. Beat.
dialog: Revision 113.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: We enter mid conversation between Stevie and Fuckshit.
text: Fuckshit sits in the same chair next to Stevie’s hospital
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Is Jorge in a lot of trouble?
text: His fight with Jorge still stings, but Fuckshit feels really
dialog: bad for him at the same time.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: Yeah.
text: They are quiet for a beat.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Can I see it?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (little laugh)
text: They took a picture.
text: Stevie shows him the photo of his mangled arm with the bone
text: sticking out. Fuckshit SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
text: FUCK! SHIT! NIGGA WHAT THE FUCK?!
text: Stevie laughs. Fuckshit is taken aback but lets out laughs.
text: The laughter chills. Beat.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT (CONT'D)
dialog: (emotional/sincere)
dialog: I’m really glad you okay, nigga.
text: Stevie painfully smiles. It means a lot that Fuckshit said
dialog: that to him. Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: Me too.
text: Fuckshit extends his hand for a bro handshake with Stevie.
text: Stevie takes his good arm and weakly extends it back. They
dialog: bro-shake carefully and thoughtfully. Beat.
dialog: Revision 114.
speaker_heading: FUCKSHIT
dialog: (sincere smile)
dialog: You take the hardest hits of anyone
dialog: I ever met.
text: Beat. Stevie really takes in the photo of his mangled arm.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (really thoughtfully)
dialog: I don’t think I need to that
dialog: anymore.
dialog: They both think about this. Beat.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: Ruben sits in the chair next to Stevie’s bed. You can feel in
text: the heavy silence how bad both these kids feel about how they
dialog: treated one and other. Long beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: (heavily sincere)
dialog: I’m sorry.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: RUBEN
dialog: (the absolute truth)
dialog: No, I am.
text: SHOT FROM BEHIND of the two boys sitting in silence.
scene_heading: INT. STEVIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: We enter mid, well not conversation, more like extremely
text: awkward silence between Fourth Grade and Stevie. They’ve
dialog: probably never spoken before. They uncomfortably do their
text: equivalents of twiddling their thumbs in the uncomfortable
text: silence. Fourth Grade sits in the chair next to Stevie’s
dialog: hospital bed.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: So...
text: Uncomfortable beat of silence.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, Fourth Grade, I really
dialog: don’t know you that well.
dialog: 115.
text: Stevie smiles realizing the truth. Fourth Grade takes this in
text: and thinks deeply about it. After a long beat of thinking he
text: looks at Stevie in the eyes and gives a thoughtful response.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE
dialog: (very sincere)
dialog: Yeah... but... I’m still there.
text: Stevie takes this in. There is a beat of silence but it’s not
text: awkward as much as it’s cathartic. Another beat.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t tell anyone I showed you
dialog: this. But since you’re all fucked
dialog: up, I’1l show it to you.
text: Fourth Grade gets up and pulls some cables out of his pocket.
text: He is holding his camcorder and begins putting the plugs in
text: the hospital TV and the camcorder and messing with the AUX
dialog: settings. It’s ready.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADE (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s something I’ve been working
dialog: on. You’re awesome in it.
text: Fourth Grade hits play and as he walks out of the room he
text: lovingly squeezes Stevie’s shoulder. He leaves.
text: DEAD CENTER SHOT on Stevie watching the television from his
text: hospital bed as we hear music and skate sounds from the crew
text: off the camcorder.
text: We stay DEAD CENTER on Stevie as the camera SLOWLY MOVES IN
text: CLOSER And CLOSER TO STEVIE. The camera SLOWLY MOVES CLOSER
text: AND CLOSER TO STEVIE’S FACE AS HE WATCHES. His face is
text: expressionless but he takes a couple deep breaths,
text: experiencing emotions while watching this.
text: The camera SLOWLY MOVES CLOSER AND CLOSER to his face until
text: we ARE LOCKED ON HIS EYES. The same shot that opened the
text: movie. WE HOLD ON HIS EYES. His eyes very, very minimally
text: glass up. HOLD ON STEVIE’S EYES FOR A LONG BEAT. We hear the
text: sounds of the crew laughing and skating.
text: We hear a KNOCK at the door. Stevie turns the T.V. Off with
text: the remote. Stevie looks over his shoulder to see Ian
text: standing at the doorway. Ian nods towards the chair.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Can...
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Revision 116.
text: Ian sits in the chair next to Stevie’s bed in the heaviest
dialog: silence we've felt so far since we’ve met Stevie. This
text: silence feels like it’s lasting forever.
speaker_heading: STEVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (the hardest question he’s
dialog: ever asked)
dialog: Why don’t you want to be my
dialog: brother?
text: This shreds Ian like a blade. Ian looks off to the farthest
text: corner of the room with his eyes to avoid Stevie’s eyes. Ian
text: takes a deep, staggered breath. Long beat.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (the hardest sentence he’s
dialog: ever said)
dialog: It’s not you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm fucked up, Stevie.
text: Ian keeps his eyes focused at the furthest corner of the room
text: away from Stevie’s eyes. Beat.
speaker_heading: STEVIE
dialog: There’s no one I like more than
dialog: you.
text: Beat. Ian’s eyes don’t well up with tears, but if they could,
dialog: they would.
text: Ian doesn’t say anything. He just gets up and begins to leave
text: the room while looking down the whole time. He stops by
text: Stevie’s bed.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: (his eyes are welled up/so
dialog: quietly)
dialog: Your friends seem nice.
text: Stevie’s eyes can’t help but water up but he rapidly wipes
dialog: them away.
text: Ian looks into his jacket pocket, and reaches in. He pulls
text: out the half bottle of Drakkar Noir cologne from the opening
text: and gently places it next to Stevie’s torso on his hospital
text: bed. He makes eye contact with Stevie for the first time for
text: a split second and exits the room. Stevie is alone. He
text: examines the bottle of cologne and just the corner of his
text: mouth wrinkles into a fragment of a smile. He stares at the
dialog: cologne.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
