dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - DAY
text: A Susskind-type MODERATOR is speaking into camera:
speaker_heading: MODERATOR
dialog: Tonight we'll discuss a subject
dialog: most of us seem to consider either
dialog: bad taste or frivolous or funny.
dialog: But if our experts are right, we
dialog: face what might be called a
dialog: masculinity crisis. Every fourth
text: American man uptight, threatened by
dialog: the increasing sexual demands of
dialog: American women...
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK INTERVIEW - DAY
text: An IRATE WOMAN speaks into camera:
speaker_heading: IRATE WOMAN
dialog: They always put it that way, but
dialog: well, all it means, you know, is
dialog: every fourth American woman's never
dialog: satisfied. That's it. I never am --
dialog: have been, you know...
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK INTERVIEW - DAY
text: A COOL WOMAN speaks into camera:
speaker_heading: COOL WOMAN
dialog: This, this image of the, the man
dialog: eating woman. It isn't our
dialog: increasing demands. I think it's
dialog: the shrinking American male...
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK INTERVIEW - DAY
text: A SAD WOMAN speaks into camera:
speaker_heading: SAD WOMAN
dialog: No, I never had, well, whatever it
dialog: is you call it. But the hours he
dialog: works, I can't blame him...
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA SCULLERY (TEXAS) - DAY
text: Full frame -- a scandal sheet picture of a sex-starved wife,
text: naked while her husband sleeps, captioned I BUY WHAT MY
text: HUSBAND CAN'T GIVE.
speaker_heading: SAD WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: ... but it's a problem. A big
dialog: problem. With so many women I
dialog: know...
text: Camera pulls back to show the picture among other pinups of
text: women -- rich, beautiful or naked, but all blonde -- steam
text: wilted on the wall over a dishwashing machine. JOE BUCK grins
text: at the wall as he scrapes garbage.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Just keep your pants on, ladies...
scene_heading: MULTIPLE SPLIT SCREEN
text: A LADY COMMENTATOR, gradually surrounded by lonely women...
speaker_heading: BEAUTY PARLOR
speaker_heading: FASHION SHOW
scene_heading: PSYCHIATRIST'S COUCH
speaker_heading: COCKTAIL BAR
speaker_heading: GYMNASIUM
scene_heading: STATUE OF LIBERTY
scene_heading: LADY COMMENTATOR
dialog: Before World War One -- American
dialog: men outnumbered women by over six
dialog: percent. Today American women not
dialog: only outnumber men, but live five
dialog: years longer -- leaving them in
dialog: control of vast corporate wealth
dialog: and seventy-five percent of
dialog: America's purchasing power...
text: The Lady Commentator is replaced by Joe, stacking dishes,
text: surrounded by frustrated ladies. He laughs tolerantly.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Y'all,line up and take your turn...
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - DAY
text: The Moderator smiles into camera.
speaker_heading: MODERATOR
dialog: My question is this -- will
dialog: American know-how come up with a
dialog: marketable male to replace all the
dialog: men who are worrying themselves
text: into an early grave over women's
dialog: increasing sexual demands?
scene_heading: INT. STALL SHOWER - DAY
text: Joe sings as he soaps himself, "Whoopee ti yi yo, git along
dialog: little dogies, for you know New York will be your new home!"
text: Sound and image freeze on Joe's open mouth.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSED MAIN TITLE AND CREDITS
text: TITLES follow as indicated, sound and action continuing after
dialog: each credit.
scene_heading: INT. SUNSHINE CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Joe's song continues over a sweating WAITRESS, glancing up.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Where's that Joe Buck?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Wrapped in a towel, singing in front of his dresser mirror,
text: Joe sprays himself with deodorant, aiming a last playful
text: blast at the unseen crotch -- freezing song and image as
text: CREDITS continue over...
text: ... a calendar girl on the wall blushing orange, mouth frozen
text: in a tiny O, staring wide-eyed. Joe's song continues as...
text: ... Joe rips the wrapping from a new Stetson and sets it on
text: his head, freezing song and image as CREDITS continue.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA SCULLERY - DAY
text: RALPH, an aging black man, faces a mountain of dirty dishes.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Where's that Joe Buck?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Singing as he buttons his new cowboy shirt, Joe interrupts
dialog: himself to answer Ralph...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeah, where's that Joe Buck?
text: ... continuing his song as he pulls up and zips his tight
text: thighed black slacks, freezing song and image for CREDITS.
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED BEAUTY PARLOR - ANOTHER TIME
text: SALLY BUCK, a pretty middle-aged blonde, smiles down at
dialog: camera,
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: You look real nice, Joe baby...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Joe sings as he pulls on his new cowboy boots, arranging his
text: cuffs to show off the yellow sunburst at the ankle, freezing
text: song and image for CREDITS.
scene_heading: INT. SUNSHINE CAFETERIA - DAY
text: The pink MANAGER scowls at his pocket watch.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Where's that Joe Buck?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Joe hums as he piles a complete wardrobe of cowboy clothes,
text: still in their wrappers, into a shiny new suitcase of black
text: and white horsehide.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeah, where's that Joe Buck?
scene_heading: INT. SUNSHINE CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Holding his watch, the Manager wags a finger at camera.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You're due here at four o'clock.
dialog: Look at those dishes, look!
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Joe laughs as he locks his suitcase.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Know what you can do with those
dialog: dishes? And if you ain't man enough
dialog: to do it yourself, I'd be happy to
dialog: oblige...
text: Joe picks up his suitcase, a portable transistor radio, walks
text: away from the mirror, then pauses to run a comb through his
text: hair, hook a cigarette at the corner of his mouth and strike
text: a match on his thumbnail before he turns back for one
text: admiring glance at himself in the mirror -- proud, exultant,
text: ready -- freezing the image as CREDITS END.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS TOWN MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Joe leaves the hotel, carrying his suitcase.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA SCULLERY - DAY
text: The pink Manager points at his watch angrily.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Four to midnight, understand?
text: Angle widens to include Joe, holding his suitcase and radio.
text: Ralph stares at him curiously, stacking dishes.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Say, look, uh, I gotta have a word
dialog: with you, if you got a second.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Later. Later maybe.
text: The Manager hurries away, carrying a basket of dishes.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: You ain't coming to work?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Don't guess. Just come for my day's
dialog: pay owing and to tell you I'm
text: heading East.
text: Joe tilts his Stetson as the Waitress appears at the door...
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Cups!
text: ... but she disappears without noticing Joe. Ralph offers his
text: hand. Joe takes it, holds it.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: What you gonna do back there, East?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Lotta rich women back there...
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JOE
text: Men, they mostly faggots.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Must be some mess back there.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, ain't no use hanging around
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Ain't gonna collect your pay?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I got me two hundred twenty-four
dialog: bucks of flat folding money...
dialog: (slaps hip)
dialog: He know what he can do with that
dialog: chicken-shit day's pay. And if he
dialog: ain't man enough to do it for
dialog: himself, I be happy to oblige!
scene_heading: INT. SUNSHINE CAFETERIA - DAY
text: The door marked EMPLOYEES ONLY swings open and Joe appears,
dialog: measuring his effect on the customers and his fellow
text: employees as he crosses the sterile white dining room,
text: observing the drab details of the life he has left behind -
text: garbage on greasy dishes, limp food in steam table trays,
text: coffee-soaked cigarette butts, caked mustard and ketchup on
text: formica table tops -- two pimply high school girls slurping
text: suggestive noises after Joe through the straws of empty coke
text: glasses. O.S. a Tiomkin-tradition chorus sings, "From this
dialog: valley they say you are going -- we will miss your bright
dialog: eyes and sweet smile for they say you are taking the
dialog: sunshine..."
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN MAIN STREET - DAY
text: The song ends as Joe comes from the cafeteria "... that
dialog: brightened our pathway a while."
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Tough tiddy, ladies, you had your
dialog: chance.
text: From a high angle -- Joe starts his long walk toward the bus
text: depot along the street of a small Western town struggling to
text: urbanize itself. The click-clack-click of his boots is loud
text: but somehow lonely The radio at his ear drones grain prices
text: on the Commodity change. Joe's pace slows as he passes...
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY BUCK'S BEAUTY SALON - DAY
text: ... a gilt-lettered sign in the window, glittering in the
text: sun, momentarily hiding the fact that the shop is deserted.
text: Joe grins as he hears remembered sounds and voices incomplete
text: flashes, more significant in tone than content a girl
dialog: giggling sexily -- "Keep your meat hooks off my beauty
text: operators, sugar" -- tinkling noises of a busy beauty parlor
dialog: - Sally Buck singing "Hush, little baby, don't say a word,
dialog: Grammaw gonna buy you a mockingbird..."
text: ... a shift of light revealing a row of tarnished driers, a
text: broken mirror, a FOR RENT sign in the window. Joe turns
text: toward the bus depot, radio pressed to his ear.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: Benson and Hedges One Hundreds
dialog: makes special awards from time to
dialog: time for anything that's longer
dialog: than anything...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Care to get out your yardstick,
dialog: gentlemen?
text: At the same moment, a recognizable variant of the "Big
text: Country" theme blares loud.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WESTERN FILM CLIP
text: Gary Cooper (or John Wayne) walks a frontier street.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS DEPOT - DAY
text: High angle of the departing bus, intercut "Big Country"
text: fashion, alternating high shots with close-ups of the bus
text: wheals.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY CLOVERLEAF - DAY
text: Through the bus windshield -- a dizzying montage of traffic
text: lines, arrows and signs as the bus sweeps around and up onto
dialog: the freeway.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: Joe sits at the front, opposite the driver, cracking his gum
text: as he watches the huge billboards streaking by, promising him
dialog: power, happiness and beautiful women if he chooses the right
text: breakfast food, hair oil or automobile. Joe listens to the
text: humming tires, the roar of the engine, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: This is a powerful mothah, ain't
dialog: it?
text: Ignored by the driver, Joe rises and walks back to his empty
text: double seat, glancing around to see what impression he's made
text: on his immediate fellow travelers -- an OLD LADY in front of
text: him -- a hostile young sailor with acne behind him -- two
text: teeny-boppers flirting with Joe hysterically -- a PALE BLONDE
text: directly across the aisle, smiling at Joe weakly.
speaker_heading: PALE BLONDE
dialog: Do you have a stick of gum?
text: Joe leans across, snapping his gum as he offers her a stick.
text: He watches her nibble it daintily on her front teeth.
speaker_heading: PALE BLONDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Plenty more where that came from.
speaker_heading: PALE BLONDE
dialog: Thank you, no, it's just till the
dialog: Dramamine works. I get carsick.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I only get carsick on boats.
dialog: (waits, then)
dialog: But seems to me that's more the
dialog: fish smell than the bouncing...
text: Joe realizes that her eyes are closed. Mildly depressed, he
text: stretches himself across both seats and turns on his radio,
text: finds only static and snaps it off. Further depressed, he
text: examines his reflection in the bus window, squeezes a black
text: head and runs the comb through his hair, picks a piece of
text: tobacco off his tooth and lights a cigarette, watching the
text: flame die in reflection, forgetting to discard the burnt-out
text: match as he stares out at a vast lonely prairie, a solitary
text: cowboy in the distance, a row of sharecropper shacks
text: apparently deserted, a barefoot little girl motionless at the
text: roadside, watching the bus pass. Through this, leading into
text: the next scene, Sally Buck sings softly "... if that mocking
dialog: bird don't sing, Grammaw gonna buy you a golden ring..."
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED BEAUTY SALON - ANOTHER TIME
text: Sally Buck, relaxing in the middle of a busy day, eyes closed
text: wearily, while little Joe massages her neck. Her song
text: continues over the noises of the busy beauty parlor "... if
dialog: that golden ring turns brass, Grammaw gonna buy you a looking
dialog: glass..."
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: No, a little lower, sugar, yeah,
dialog: yeah, that's good. Grammaw's beat.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN'S VOICE
dialog: You gotta sell yourself, that's the
dialog: whole trick...
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: A seedy TRAVELING SALESMAN with badly-fitted dentures and a
text: frayed collar has taken the aisle seat next to Joe. As he
text: lectures Joe on salesmanship, he figures his expenses in a
text: worn leatherette notebook, nervous fingers and eyes
text: unconsciously revealing the extent of his failure.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: It ain't the product and it ain't
dialog: the price, no sir, and it ain't
dialog: what you sell, it's personality,
dialog: pure and simple. I ain't shined my
dialog: own shoes or shaved my own face in
dialog: forty years, how's that? Not bad
dialog: for a kid that didn't pass the
dialog: eighth grade, right?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeah, hell, yeah.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: And that's my golden rule. Make 'em
dialog: love you. Put yourself over and you
dialog: can sell them anything. If they
dialog: like you, they'll buy horsemeat for
dialog: prime beef...
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED BEAUTY SALON - ANOTHER TIME
text: A gawky, adolescent Joe sits sprawled on the couch, leafing
text: through a magazine while Sally Buck bleaches the roots of a
text: young woman's hair.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: You get him to the church, honey.
dialog: He ain't gonna find out you ain't a
dialog: real blonde till after you're
dialog: married, then's too late.
text: Sally Buck turns, pretending to be stern as Toe laughs.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: You getting too big for your
dialog: britches, sugar.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The headlights of the bus flash past a huge sign, painted on
text: the slant roof of a barn: JESUS SAVES.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Joe is alone again. The Salesman has disappeared. The bus is
text: dark, most-passengers trying to sleep. Only one reading light
text: still burns, over the head of the old-Lady in the seat ahead
text: of Joe. Joe squirms, restless, trying to lull himself to
text: sleep with the music of a revivalist gospel group on the
dialog: radio.
scene_heading: SALLY BUCK'S VOICE
dialog: Don't forget to say your prayers,
dialog: honey...
text: Joe leans forward to help the old Lady, irritably struggling
text: with the release button on her seat. She scowls as Joe leans
text: over to release her seat, then pulls her blanket around her
text: and turns away from him. Joe switches off her reading light.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: I want it on.
text: Joe switches it on again, fakes a good-natured grin, settles
text: back with his radio, aware of an OLD COWHAND seated opposite
text: him, replacing the Pale Blonde. The Old Cowhand is appraising
text: Joe's wardrobe curiously. He looks away when he sees Joe
text: watching him. Joe settles back, unable to think of a way to
text: open a conversation.
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, my friends, I say unto you,
dialog: invest with Jesus, put your dollars
dialog: to work where they'll pay off at
dialog: compound interest. The Good Book
dialog: says money answereth all things...
text: The Old Cowhand has rolled-himself a cigarette. Joe quickly
text: lights a match on his thumb and holds it across the aisle.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Light?
text: The Old Cowhand's "thanks" is lost in a fit of coughing as he
text: inhales his first drag. He settles back, wiping his watery
text: eyes on a faded bandana.
speaker_heading: EVANGELIST'S VOICE
dialog: ... everyone who sends a dollar to
dialog: the Evangelical Congregation of the
dialog: Air will get free gratis a genuine
dialog: leatherette hymn book so you can
dialog: sing along with Sister Rosella and
dialog: the Evangelical Choir...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You throw in Sister Rosella and you
dialog: got a deal, right, old timer?
text: Joe glances across the aisle. The Old Cowhand manages a
text: faint, humorless smile.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Going far?
speaker_heading: OLD COWHAND
text: Up the line. Not far.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm bound for New York City.
text: The Old Cowhand reappraises Joe's wardrobe even more
dialog: curiously.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ever happen to come across a cowman
dialog: name of Woodsy Niles? Friend of my
dialog: grammaw Sally Buck...
text: The Old Cowhand considers, shakes his head. Joe leans back,
text: laughing to himself.
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED BEDROOM - ANOTHER TIME
text: Little Joe's head is lost in a beat-up cowboy hat, similar to
text: the one worn by the old Cowhand. Sally Buck smiles on WOODSY
text: NILES -- a long-legged cowboy with a shock of black hair --
text: who stands at her dressing table, admiring himself in a new
dialog: Stetson.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: Like it, honey? Does it fit?
speaker_heading: WOODSY
dialog: You do me good, Sal, you do me real
dialog: good. You know what I gonna give
dialog: you for that Stetson?
text: Woodsy grabs Sally Buck, lifting her off her feet, carrying
text: her to the bed. Struggling, they fall across the covers
text: together, Little Joe laughing with them.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: Woodsy Niles! The boy!
speaker_heading: WOODSY
dialog: He don't know what makes little
dialog: apples by now, it's time he found
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Joe shakes his head, grinning, offering the old Cowhand a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Smoke?
text: The old Cowhand shakes his head, showing the rolled cigarette
text: Joe lit for him. Joe nods, still bemused.
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED BEDROOM - ANOTHER TIME
text: Little Joe is cuddled in Sally Buck's arms, under the covers,
text: watching Woodsy, sitting cross-legged on the bed, naked
text: except for his Stetson and guitar, singing drunkenly.
speaker_heading: WOODSY
dialog: ... git along little dogies!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDWEST TOWN - MORNING
text: From a high angle -- the bus slows to a stop.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - MORNING
text: Joe awakens, stiff-necked, momentarily confused. He
text: straightens in his seat as he sees the old Cowhand lifting a
text: sweat-stained saddle down from the overhead rack, starting
text: toward the front of the bus. Joe calls after him.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Nice talking to you, old timer.
text: Joe stuffs a stick of gum in his mouth, turns to wave at the
text: Old Cowhand through the window as the bus pulls away.
speaker_heading: WOODSY'S VOICE
dialog: She-dogs squat, boy. He-dogs stand
dialog: up and lift their leg...
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED MEN'S ROOM - ANOTHER TIME
text: Woodsy, in his new Stetson, watches Little Joe in his beat-up
text: cowboy hat, trying to balance on one foot, one leg lifted in
text: front of the trough. Woodsy roars with laughter.
speaker_heading: WOODSY
text: ... but he-men stand and shoot from
dialog: the hip.
scene_heading: INT. BUS RESTROOM - DAY
text: Joe laughs, flushes, checks his hair in the mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The bus streaks past a brightly-colored billboard -- IN NEW
text: YORK, A WELCOME AWAITS YOU AT THE TIMES SQUARE PALACE HOTEL!
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: Joe is now sitting in the wide rear seat, between two young
text: MARINES and a group of VETERANS wearing campaign caps and
text: convention buttons, passing a bottle, singing "From the Balls
text: of Montezuma to the Shores of Tripoli..." Joe follows the
text: conversation between a VETERAN and a MARINE, participating
text: only because he's sitting beside them, adopting a remembered
dialog: military stance.
speaker_heading: VETERAN
dialog: Ever stationed at Kennedy? Those
dialog: Florida chicks...
speaker_heading: MARINE
dialog: Instant V-goddam-D.
speaker_heading: VETERAN
dialog: This Pensacola teeny-bopper -- jail
dialog: bait -- but built? Ten bucks she
dialog: wanted. Three of us made a deal
dialog: for, twenty-five, see, big goddam
dialog: bargain?
speaker_heading: MARINE
dialog: Big peni-goddam-cillin bargain,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: VETERAN
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: MARINE
dialog: No. You got it.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Jesus goddam Christ, I ain't
dialog: laughed so hard since I was out at
dialog: Fort Benning, Georgia.
speaker_heading: MARINE
dialog: Did you make the Viet?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What? Oh, hell no. Motor pool
dialog: mostly...
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Kee-rist...
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED WHOREHOUSE - ANOTEER TIME
text: A plump, aging PROSTITUTE laughs up into camera.
speaker_heading: PROSTITUTE
dialog: Hey, hey, what you try to do to me?
dialog: You gonna cost me money, soldier!
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: Joe laughs as he passes the bottle, trying to sing along
text: without knowing the words as the Veterans segue into "Over
text: hill, over dale, we will hit the dusty trail, as the caissons
dialog: go rolling along..."
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED BEAUTY SALON - ANOTHER TIME
text: Sally Buck fondly wipes lipstick from Joe's lips.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: Keep your meat hooks off my
dialog: operators, sugar, hear?
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: Joe slaps one of the Veterans on the back, trying to follow
text: the song into "Off we go, into the wild blue yonder..."
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED MOVIE HOUSE - ANOTHER TIME
text: ANASTASIA clutches a younger Joe, eyes wild, gasping.
speaker_heading: ANASTASIA
dialog: You're the only one, Joe, the only,
dialog: only one ever!
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: Joe is leaning across the two Marines, staring out of the
text: window as the Veterans switch to "Anchors aweigh, my boys,
dialog: anchors aweigh..."
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN SKYLINE - DAY
text: A stunning view through the bus window past Joe's reflection.
speaker_heading: JOE'S REFLECTION
dialog: Gonna swing my lasso and rope that
dialog: whole goddam island, yeah!
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY PARADE - DAY
text: Drum majorettes leading the parade -- ticker tape and
text: confetti -- girls at skyscraper windows.
scene_heading: INTERCUT NEWSREEL CLIP
text: Charles Lindberg (or James Stewart) waving at the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK HARBOR - DAY
text: Girls lining the piers -- flags, banners, bunting -- ship
text: horns, whistles, bells.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: Joe crowded as the veterans prepare to leave the bus, lifting
text: down banners and flags.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN TUNNEEL - DAY
text: The bus suddenly surrounded by converging traffic, horns
text: honking, segueing into the noises of Times Square.
scene_heading: EXT. MARQUEE - DAY
text: Flag draped, reading: WELCOME VETERANS.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BANNER - DAY
text: Flapping in the wind -- WELCOME VETERANS!
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE PALACE HOTEL - DAY
text: The marquee announces TRANSIENTS WELCOME. O.S. a singing
text: radio station break blares "W-I-N-S NEW YORK..."
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO TOWER - DAY
text: The sign flashes WINS "... ten-ten on your dial!" A torchy
text: woman's voice sings from a lonely echo chamber -- introducing
text: a love theme which will haunt Joe throughout the film.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: Joe sets his radio on the dresser, his suitcase on the bed,
text: then turns to examine his new home -- as anonymous as his
text: Texas hotel room -- but boasting a coin-operated television
text: set. Fascinated, Joe inserts a quarter.
text: ... the love song continues over a television talk Show
text: featuring a POODLE WIGMAKER defending his profession against
text: a Joe Pyne-type PANEL HOST, "...well, I perform a real
dialog: service, there's a need, so many people, you know, really
dialog: live in their pets, I mean, lonely, I grant you, but their
dialog: feeling is real. They want to lavish as much love, give them
dialog: as much, yes, pamper them like they were really human
dialog: children or whatever..."
scene_heading: SALLY BUCK'S VOICE
text: There's a TV dinner in the fridge,
dialog: lover boy...
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED PARLOR - ANOTHER TIME
text: Little Joe stares sullenly at an antique TV box while Sally
text: Buck puts her hat on at the fireplace mirror. There is a
text: framed picture of Woodsy Niles on the mantle.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: You be okay, won't you? Maybe I
dialog: bring you a treat if you're a good
dialog: boy...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: Joe watches the Panel Host, "... you're a nut case, fella, a
dialog: real nut case..."
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED BEAUTY SALON - ANOTHER TIME
text: Little Joe massaging Sally Buck's neck -- continuing the
dialog: earlier scene.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: I'm so beat, no point you waiting
dialog: round, toots, think I'll stop in
dialog: for a beer or two...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: Joe sits on the edge of the bed, watching the poodles primp.
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED PARLOR - ANOTEER TIME
text: Little Joe stares unblinking at the TV screen as Sally Buck
text: kisses him on the forehead, dressed for the street.
speaker_heading: SALLY BUCK
dialog: Expect me when you see me. Looks
dialog: like I got me a new beau, lover
dialog: boy, how's that for an old grammaw?
dialog: I'll leave you movie money...
text: Sally Buck tucks a dollar bill under a framed picture of
text: Jesus, who has replaced Woodsy Niles on the mantle.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: As a fairy godmother's magic wand removes sticky hair spray
text: from a pretty model's head, Joe's quarter runs out and the
text: screen goes blank. At the same moment, the love song is cut
text: off by a singing station break "W-I-N-S NEW YORK" Joe rises,
text: flipping the dial of the radio to a cultured woman's voice
dialog: reading "...the Dow Jones averages, brought you by Morgan
dialog: Vandercook. Up your income with sound investment
dialog: counseling..."
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Up yours, lady.
text: ... but Joe leaves the lady on, savoring the expensive sound
text: of her voice reading the stock quotations. Joe seats himself
text: at the desk, pleased to find a postcard photograph of the
text: hotel. He picks up a ballpoint pen, counts ten floors up from
text: the street and marks a huge X -- THIS IS ME, then turns the
text: card over, pen poised over the address blank.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA SCULLERY - DAY
text: Ralph stares at the card, surrounded by dirty dishes.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Hell, he know I can't read...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: Joe's pen wavers, starts to write and stops.
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY BUCK'S BEAUTY PARLOR - DAY
text: As we saw it last, deserted, a FOR RENT sign in the window.
text: Joe's reflection appears, staring at himself, dressed in his
text: dishwasher's clothes.
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: After all them dishes are washed,
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: JOE'S REFLECTION
dialog: Then they bring some more dishes
dialog: and I wash them and then I, uh,
dialog: sleep some and then wash some more
dialog: dishes and then I...
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Say it, lover boy!
speaker_heading: JOE'S REFLECTION
dialog: Die.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: Joe stares at the postcard, bemused,
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Well, you better just shake your
dialog: tail, lover boy, and root, hog or
dialog: die.
text: Joe rises abruptly, rips up the postcard and tosses it out
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Goddam if I came to this town to
dialog: write postcards.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - DAY
text: The torn fragments flutter down on the crowd -- a woman
text: brushing irritably at her hair -- a man grimacing, glancing
text: up -- a cop removing his hat to examine it.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE PALACE HOTEL - DAY
text: From a low angle -- identical with the postcard photograph --
text: an unseen hand scrawls a huge X--- THIS IS ME. Camera zooms
text: up to a close-up of Joe at the window.
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE - DAY
text: From on high -- as though Joe were watching himself -- the
text: Stetson moves through a crowd of Fifth Avenue shoppers...
scene_heading: EXT. GLASS BUILDING - DAY
text: ... passing a glass bank, lady tellers counting money...
scene_heading: EXT. CAR SHOWROOM - DAY
text: ... passing a display of imported luxury cars...
scene_heading: EXT. JEWELRY STORE - DAY
text: ... passing a window which features a single gem -- pausing
text: as horns blast O.S. and a mod blonde in a stalled sports car
text: motions to Joe -- she needs a push. Joe grins, glances at
text: himself in the window, runs a comb through his hair, then
text: turns back to see a cop helping the mod blonde.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK AVENUE - DAY
text: Joe's heels drag as he walks a deserted block of luxury
text: apartment houses. O.S. The torchy woman's voice sings Joe's
text: love theme in counterpoint to the blasting horns, a siren, a
text: fire bell, a screech of brakes. Joe's spirits rise as he
text: hears the tic-tac-tic of high heels overtaking the heavy
text: click-clack-click of his boots. He adjusts his pace to arrive
text: at the corner at the same time as a smart and -- in Joe's
text: eyes -- very RICH LADY. Joe grins boyishly, holding his
text: Stetson over his heart.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Beg pardon, ma'am, I'm new here in
dialog: town, just in from Houston, Texas,
dialog: and looking for the Statue of
dialog: Liberty.
text: The delicate profile gives no signs of hearing. Joe follows
text: her to the parkway in the middle of the avenue. There she
text: stops and turns, neither friendly nor hostile.
speaker_heading: RICH LADY
dialog: Were you looking? About the Statue
dialog: of Liberty?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Joking? No, ma'am. Oh no! I mean
dialog: business!
speaker_heading: RICH LADY
dialog: I'm sorry. I thought you were --
dialog: never mind -- I've never actually
dialog: been there, but let me see, you
dialog: take the Seventh Avenue subway, I
dialog: think, to the end of the line...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You sure are a pretty lady.
text: The Rich Lady tries to frown, taken aback, blushing.
speaker_heading: RICH LADY
dialog: You're not looking for the Statue
dialog: of Liberty at all.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No, ma'am, I'm not.
speaker_heading: RICH LADY
dialog: Why, that's perfectly dreadful.
dialog: Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
text: A twinkle of amusement and sympathy reveals the age lines at
text: the corner of her eyes. Then she continues on quickly, just
text: as the light turns. Joe's view is blocked for a moment by
text: traffic, then he sees...
text: ... the Rich Lady, newly aware of her flanks as she climbs
text: the steps of a brownstone and searches for her key. Still
text: from Joe's viewpoint, he sees himself move into frame and
text: follow the Rich Lady up the steps. The love theme swells O.S.
text: as the Rich Lady leads him into the house and closes the
dialog: door...
text: ... leaving Joe standing alone on the parkway island,
text: surrounded by towering wealth. The love theme continues
dialog: over...
scene_heading: EXT. LEXINGTON AVENUE - DAY
text: ... a pair of high-heeled pink slippers, walking a miniature
text: poodle -- slowing slightly, reacting to Joe's cowboy boots as
text: they pass, pause and turn back.
speaker_heading: CASS'S VOICE
dialog: Hurry up, Baby. Do um goody-goods
dialog: for Mama.
text: Joe grins, holding his hat over his heart as he approaches
text: CASS TREHUNE, a blonde lady in a tight black dress, with the
text: look of a movie star who wrecked her career with food.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Beg pardon, ma'am. I'm brand
dialog: spanking new to this town, come
dialog: from Houston, Texas, and hoping to
dialog: get a look at the Statue of
dialog: Liberty...
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: You're hoping to get a look at
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: JOE
text: The Statue of Liberty.
speaker_heading: CASS
text: It's up in Central Park, taking a
dialog: leak. If you hurry, you'll make the
dialog: supper show. Now get lost.
text: But as she turns, Cass winks, dimpling the corners of her
text: mouth, signaling Joe to follow her.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HOUSE ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Cass holds the DOOR OPEN button till Joe enters the elevator,
text: then the doors close with a soft expensive little kllooosh
text: and Cass turns with the smile of a very tiny girl...
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Hi.
text: ... her lips closing on Joe's as the poodle yaps shrilly at
text: their feet. Superimposed, almost subliminally, a golden
text: dollar sign appears, halating like a star, and the bell of a
dialog: pinball machine rings O.S.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: A princess telephone is ringing on a gold and white desk.
text: Cass runs to grab it...
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Hello?
text: ... as Joe steps from the elevator, which opens directly onto
text: Cass's penthouse. Cass beckons him toward her, hooks a finger
text: into his neckerchief and pulls his mouth toward hers while
text: she talks on the phone.
speaker_heading: CASS (CONT'D)
dialog: Morey? Hi-ee, honey...
text: Cass gurgles happily as her free hand unbuckles Joe's
dialog: garrison belt.
speaker_heading: CASS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm just out of breath, honey,
text: running to catch the phone.
text: As her fingers reach for Joe's zipper, cut to...
text: ... Joe's hand unzipping her dress.
speaker_heading: CASS (CONT'D)
dialog: I was walking Baby. Him got to do
dialog: him goody-goods, right?
text: The poodle tugs at Joe's slacks until they fall. Cass steers
text: her ear to Joe's mouth, shuddering deliciously.
speaker_heading: CASS (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh God, oh stop. I can't stand
dialog: that. I just die...
dialog: (quickly into phone)
dialog: It's Baby, Morey. Him trying to say
dialog: hello. Say hello to Morey, Baby.
text: Cass holds the phone toward the yapping poodle, twisting
text: herself against Joe as she wriggles out of her dress, passing
text: the phone from one hand to the other.
speaker_heading: CASS (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, old goosie? Now lookie, when
dialog: do you want me to meet you?
dialog: Whatever you say. I'll take a nap,
dialog: watch TV, you know, kill time.
dialog: Okay, but just one, a big wet one.
text: Cass hangs up. The poodle yaps hysterically, disentangling
text: himself from her tumbling dress -- hops onto the couch
text: glances off and flees again as an overturned lamp crashes
dialog: O.S.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: The poodle bounces onto the bed -- remaining long enough to
text: establish a TV REMOTE CONTROL TUNER lying on the satin
text: coverlet -- then leaps down in panic as he hears Joe and Cass
text: explode into the bedroom, laughing lustily...
text: ... the remote control tuner buried suddenly under the full
text: flesh of Cass's hip, activating...
text: ... a twenty-five-inch television screen, blasting at full
dialog: volume...
text: ... Cass's eyes widening, profoundly impressed...
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Ye gods...
text: ... the images and sound of the television set flicking
text: joyfully from channel to channel...
text: ... Joe laughing, engulfed by Cass's abundance...
text: ... Cass wild-eyed, overflowing the frame...
text: ... a gleaming slot machine -- three Sahara cowgirls clicking
text: into line for jackpot -- silver dollars overflowing the
dialog: frame...
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN SKYLINE - DAY
dialog: ... the Mutual of New York tower flashes MONY!
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Holy shee-it, this is a goddam
dialog: penthouse you got here, Cass, a
dialog: real goddam penthouse.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Joe turns away from a small terrace, buckling his belt,
text: glancing off toward the sound of Cass in the shower. He
text: flicks the TV remote control, enjoying his power, ignoring
text: the silent images on the screen -- battle casualties, a
text: pretty girl recommending aspirin, a man's stomach flashing
text: animated pain, starving war refugees, a dog eating pzazz --
text: flicking it off to concentrate on the costume jewelry and
text: perfume bottles on Cass's dressing table.
speaker_heading: CASS'S VOICE
dialog: Don't look, baby...
text: Joe turns to look as Cass comes from the bathroom, holding a
text: towel around her as she runs behind the closet door.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Say, Cass, I, uh, sure have enjoyed
dialog: being here. Believe it's as fine a
dialog: time as I've had in my life!
speaker_heading: CASS'S VOICE
dialog: Me, too, lover.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: That's good, it is, cause, well I
dialog: guess I didn't tell you why I came
dialog: to New York, did I?
text: A tower of black bugle beads emerges from the closet door.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Zip this thing, will you, Tex?
text: Joe zips her dress, follows her to the dressing table, where
text: she sprays her hair with lacquer.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Truth is, Cass, I'm, well, I'm in
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Oh, poor you. Morey's got terrible
text: ulcers.
text: Cass stretches her upper lip across her teeth and she smears
text: it with, orange lipstick.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Don't know what line Morey's in,
dialog: but myself now, fact is -- I'm a
dialog: hustler.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: (lips stretched)
dialog: Hers'n zodda meg a livig.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Beg pardon, ma'am?
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Said, a person's gotta make a
dialog: living.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You sure you heard what I said?
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Scuse me, hon, fraid I'm only half
dialog: here. Maybe you oughta run on
dialog: along. But why don't you take this
dialog: phone number?
text: Joe grins, relieved as she takes out a gold lame purse and
text: opens it. He frowns as she folds; it upside down, empty.
speaker_heading: CASS (CONT'D)
dialog: Darn! I didn't get to the bank --
dialog: Tex -- could you let me have a
dialog: little coin for the taxi-waxi?
text: Joe stands mute as she cups his chin in her hand,
text: seductively.
speaker_heading: CASS (CONT'D)
dialog: You're such a doll. I hate money,
dialog: don't you? God, it's been fun.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Funny thing, you mentioning money.
dialog: I was just about to ask your for
dialog: some...
text: Joe tries to laugh but it sticks in his throat as Cass speaks
text: -- an impassioned whisper -- still holding Joe's chin.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: You bastard! You son of a bitch!
dialog: You think you're dealing with some
dialog: old slut? Look at me! You think
dialog: just cause you're a longhorn bull
dialog: you can get away with this crap?
dialog: Well, you're out of your mind. I am
dialog: a gorgeous chick, thirty-one,
dialog: that's right, you said it!
text: Sobbing suddenly, she throws herself on the bed. Joe stands
text: bewildered by the vastness of her grief.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey. Hey, Cass. Did you think I
dialog: meant that? Christ, would I be
dialog: asking you for money with a wad
dialog: like that riding on my hip?
text: Joe waves his wallet at her, but she only cries louder. He
text: hands her a kleenex. She clutches it to her face, wailing.
text: Joe leans over the bed, whispering in her ear:
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. You are a gorgeous-looking
dialog: piece, Cass. Guy gets horny, just
dialog: looking at you. It's a fact. How
dialog: much you need for that taxi? Ten?
dialog: Twenty? There you go.
text: Joe tucks a twenty-dollar bill into her bosom, tilts his
text: Stetson and starts out. Cass blows her nose, looking after
text: him. O.S. chorus sings, "From this valley they say you are
dialog: going -- we will miss your bright eyes and sweet smile..."
scene_heading: EXT. LEXINGTON AVENUE - DAY
text: From a high angle, Joe walks away from the apartment house,
dialog: chorus continuing O.S. "... they say you are taking the
dialog: sunshine that brightened our pathway a while."
scene_heading: INT. EVERETT'S BAR - DAY
text: Joe sits at the bar, staring morosely at his image in the
text: mirror, already quite drunk, oblivious to the assorted types
text: hiding from daylight in the barn-like saloon, waiting for
dialog: night to fall.
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
dialog: Excuse me, I'm just admiring that
dialog: colossal shirt...
text: RATSO studies Joe across the corner of the bar -- a sickly,
text: child-size old man of twenty-one -- hopefully nursing an
text: empty beer glass, contemplating the money on the bar in front
dialog: of Joe.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: That is one hell of a shirt. I bet
dialog: you paid a pretty price for it, am
dialog: I right?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Oh, it ain't cheap. I mean, yeah,
dialog: I'd say this was an all right
dialog: shirt. Don't like to, uh, you know,
dialog: have a lot of cheap stuff on my
dialog: back.
text: Ratso spits as JACKIE leans on the bar next to Joe -- a
text: feminine young person, heavily made-up, hair teased, wearing
text: earrings and a lace-trimmed blouse over shocking pink levis.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Got a cigarette, cowboy?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: (a stage whisper)
dialog: More goddam faggots in this town.
text: Reaching for a cigarette, Joe glances at Jackie, startled as
text: Jackie twitches his pink levis angrily and turns away.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it...
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Kee-rist, you really know the
dialog: ropes. Wish to hell I bumped into
dialog: you before. I'm Joe Buck from Texas
dialog: and I'm gonna buy you a drink, what
dialog: do you say to that?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Enrico Rizzo from the Bronx. Don't
dialog: mind if I do.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (slaps bar)
dialog: Same all around! For my friend,
dialog: too!
text: The TV screen over the bar features a mating game program as
text: Jackie cruises down to join a tall farm boy with plucked
text: eyebrows. The TV HOST points to three young men, visible only
text: from the shoulders up, from whom a pretty DATE GIRL in
text: blindfold must choose an escort.
speaker_heading: TV HOST
dialog: ... and for the losers, who don't
dialog: get the girl, we'll give as
dialog: consolation prices -- a six month
dialog: supply of underarm deodorant...
text: In a booth now -- the TV screen in the background, continuing
text: the game -- Joe is refilling Ratso's beer glass as he speaks,
text: loud over the laughter of the TV audience.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: ... you see what I'm getting at
dialog: here? She got a penthouse up there
dialog: with color TV and more goddam
dialog: diamonds than an archbishop and she
text: busts out bawling when I ask for
dialog: money!
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: For money.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: For money for what?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm a hustler, hell, didn't you
dialog: know that?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: How would I know? You gotta tell a
dialog: person these things
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: A hustler? Picking up trade on the
dialog: street like that -- baby, believe
dialog: me -- you need management.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I think you just put your finger on
dialog: it, I do.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: My friend O'Daniel. That's who you
dialog: need. Operates the biggest stable
dialog: in town. In the whole goddam
dialog: metropolitan area. A stud like you
dialog: - paying! -- not that I blame you --
text: a dame starts crying, I cut my
dialog: heart for her...
speaker_heading: JACKIE'S VOICE
dialog: I'd call that a very minor
dialog: operation...
text: Ratso grabs the neck of a bottle, sliding back in the booth.
text: Joe scowls as Jackie appears with the tall farm boy.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: ... in fact, you just sit comfy and
dialog: I'll cut it out with my fingernail
dialog: file. You won't even need Blue
dialog: Cross, Ratso.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: The name is Rizzo.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: That's what I said, Ratso.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Hey now, you heard him.
text: On the TV screen -- the Date Girl announces:
speaker_heading: TV DATE GIRL
dialog: I pick Number Two! He's cool!
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: That's okay, Joe. I'm used to these
dialog: types that like to pick on
dialog: cripples. Sewers're full of 'em.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: May I ask one thing, cowboy? If you
text: sit there and he sits way over
dialog: there, how's he gonna get his hand
dialog: into your pocket? But I'm sure he
dialog: has that all figured out...
dialog: (to Ratso)
dialog: Good night, sweets.
speaker_heading: TV HOST
dialog: May present your chosen mate!
text: The TV host pulls aside the screen which has concealed the
text: lower half of the three young men. Number Two, her chosen
text: mate, is a dwarf sitting on a high stool. The girl's
text: spontaneous dismay starts everyone laughing hysterically,
dialog: including the dwarf.
scene_heading: EXT. SIXTH AVENUE - DAY
text: Joe has difficulty keening up with Ratso, who swings himself
text: along with surprising agility, his half skipping little gate
text: favoring one game leg.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Look, with these chicks that want
dialog: to buy it, most of 'em are older,
dialog: dignified, right? Social register
dialog: types. They can't be trotting down
dialog: to Times Square to pick out the
dialog: merchandise. They need a middleman,
dialog: right? That's O'Daniel.
text: Joe hesitates as Ratso darts into traffic against a red
text: light, yelling unheard obscenities at a cab driver who blasts
text: his horn. Joe runs recklessly forward as Ratso slams the taxi
text: fender with his fist, pretending to be hit, falling into
text: Joe's arms. The taxi stops, halting traffic. Ratso, recovers,
text: strolls casually in front of the cab, biting his thumb at the
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: It is a crime, a stud like you
text: passing out double sawbucks to a
dialog: chick like that. With proper
dialog: management you should be taking
dialog: home fifty, a hundred bucks a day.
dialog: More if you wanta moonlight...
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK CAFE - COCKTAIL HOUR
text: At,the corner of Central Park South, Ratso points toward a
text: young man with diamond cuff-links, sitting with a blue-haired
text: matron who puffs on a small cigar. Ratso waves jauntily at
text: the young man, raising his thumb and forefinger in a circle,
text: leaving the young man baffled as Ratso hurries Joe on.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Him I placed with O'Daniel just two
dialog: weeks ago. And look. Not much of a
dialog: stud either, what I hear...
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK SOUTH - COCKTAIL HOUR
text: Ratso automatically checks the coin return boxes of the phone
text: booths they pass. Walking the park side of the street,
text: looking across at the limousines and taxis waiting outside
text: luxury hotels and apartment buildings.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey, listen, how about you take me
dialog: to mee this Mister O'Diddle bird
dialog: right now?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Well, Joe, you're a nice guy, and
dialog: I'd be doing you both a favor, but
dialog: why? What'm I dragging my bum leg
dialog: all over town for? It's no picnic
dialog: and what for, for me myself, what?
text: Ratso stops opposite the Plaza hotel, pointing across at an
text: aristocratic blonde stepping out of a Rolls Royce.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: Tomorrow when some piece like
dialog: that's scratching your back in a
dialog: Fifth Avenue townhouse, where'll
dialog: your pal Rizzo be? Nedicks.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hold it, just hold it. You think
dialog: I'm that kinda sombitch? Just name
dialog: your cut, whatever you want, you
dialog: got it right now. Five? Ten, how's
dialog: that?
text: Joe peels a ten from his wallet and offers it to Ratso.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Joe, please. You know what I'd ask
dialog: anyone else? Oh hell, tell you what
dialog: I'll do, I'll take the ten...
dialog: (he does)
dialog: ... but when I hand you over to Mr.
dialog: O'Daniel, I'll have to have another
dialog: ten, Joe; just to like cover
dialog: expenses...
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC PHONE BOOTH - DUSK
text: Ratso is on the phone. Joe holds the door open, listening.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: This boy is just your meat, Mr.
dialog: O'Daniel, believe it, I'm telling
dialog: you -- what? -- Enrico Rizzo from
dialog: the Bronx. The point is he needs
dialog: you. Right now. Tonight...
dialog: (aside to Joe)
dialog: I got his tongue hanging out...
scene_heading: EXT. WEST SIDE HOTEL - DUSK
text: Camera moves slowly up the anonymous wall of a drab hotel,
text: following the line of dim red lights marking the fire exits.
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
dialog: Name's Joe Buck. Cowboy. Just in
dialog: from Texas, don't know the ropes,
dialog: new to the city, but very promising
dialog: material, sir, and ready, if you
dialog: get what I mean. Fabulous. Right
dialog: away. What's that room number there
dialog: again?
scene_heading: INT. WEST SIDE HOTEL ELEVATOR - DUSK
text: As ancient open cage lift rises at the same pace as camera in
text: preceding shot. Joe grins excitedly at Ratso, who nods but
text: glances significantly at the elevator operator. Ratso follows
text: Joe to door as the operator grinds to a stop.
scene_heading: INT. WEST SIDE HOTEL CORRIDOR - DUSK
text: Ratso steps out with Joe, gesturing to the corridor...
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Hold it a second...
text: ... but the operator slams the door and starts on up. Ratso
text: leans heavily on the down button, glancing at Joe.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: Nine-oh-one, got it?
text: Ratso glances up the elevator shaft nervously, rings again
text: and turns back to Joe.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's see how you look. Fine. You
dialog: look fine. Now I'm gonna have to
dialog: have that other ten...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (digs in wallet)
dialog: Ten, ten -- I got a twenty -- take
dialog: that...
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Oh hell, forget it.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Now take it. Go on.
dialog: (gives it to him)
dialog: Listen, where can I reach you?
dialog: Cause I'm gonna make this right
dialog: with you soon's I get me set up...
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I mean, dammit, where you live?
text: Ratso leans on the DOWN as the cage grinds slowly down into
text: view and stops.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Sherry-Netherlands Hotel. Now get
dialog: your ass in there. He's waiting!
text: Ratso steps into the elevator as the door opens then closes,
text: leaving Joe alone, repeating "Cherry Neverlin" as he starts
text: along the corridor looking for 901.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST SIDE HOTEL - DUSK
text: Ratso bursts from the hotel, almost running as he disappears.
scene_heading: INT. WEST SIDE HOTEL CORRIDOR - DUSK
text: Joe finds 901 at a dark end of the corridor, knocks
text: confidently, hearing a few bars of his love theme as he
text: stuffs a fresh stick of gum in his mouth. Then the door is
text: thrown open by O'DANIEL -- for an instant appearing to wear a
text: diamond-studded skull-cap, the naked overhead light bulb
text: bright after the dark corridor, halating in Joe's eyes like
text: the earlier dollar sign.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: You must be Joe Buck. Come in.
text: O'Daniel, fat in a worn-out bathrobe, examines Joe like a
text: prodigal son as he leads him into the room -- as anonymous as
text: Joe's own room.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Am I tickled to find you, boy! Come
dialog: on in and let's get a look at you.
dialog: Turn around. Good strong back.
dialog: You'll need it. So you want help --
dialog: take a seat, relax, tell me about
dialog: yourself. Cowboy, huh?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No sir, I'm no cowboy really, but
dialog: I'm a first class stud.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Take it,easy, boy...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Seems to me you're different than a
dialog: lotta boys that come to me. Most of
dialog: 'em seem troubled, confused, but
dialog: I'd say you knew exactly what you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You bet I do, sir.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: But I'll bet you got one thing in
dialog: common with them other boys. I'll
dialog: bet you're lonesome.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, not too, I mean, a little.
text: O'Daniel rises suddenly in a fury of self-righteousness,
text: pacing, his voice simpering, whining sarcastically.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: I'm lonesome. I'm lonesome so I'm a
dialog: drunk. I'm lonesome so I'm a dope
dialog: fiend. I'm lonesome so I'm a thief,
text: a fornicator, a whore-monger. Poop,
dialog: I say, poop! I've heard it all and
dialog: I'm sick of it, sick to death.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yessir, I can see that.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Lonesomeness is something you take.
dialog: You bear? Dammit, you take it and
dialog: go about your business, that's all.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, uh, I'm raring to go.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Yes, I believe you are. Cowboy,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Uh, yessir.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Ready for hard work, son?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Ready for anything.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: I got a hunch, Joe Buck, it's gonna
dialog: be easier for you than most.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Gonna be like money from home.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Money from home, see, there's your
dialog: strength, you put things in earthy
dialog: terms any man can understand, son.
dialog: I warn you I'm gonna use you, I'm
dialog: gonna run you ragged!
text: Joe laughs, driving an obscene uppercut into the air.
text: O'Daniel laughs with him.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a wonderful boy. You'n me
dialog: gonna have fun, dammit, it don't
dialog: have to be joyless. Say, why don't
dialog: we get right down on our knees now?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Get down -- where?
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Right here, why not? I prayed in
dialog: saloons, I prayed in the street, I
dialog: prayed an the toilet. He don't care
dialog: where, what He wants is that
dialog: prayer.
text: O'Daniel drops on all fours, crawling to find the plug of an
text: electric cord. He shoves it into a wall socket, switches off
text: the overhead light and suddenly a hollow, tinted plastic
text: Jesus glows on the dresser. O.S. a revivalist congregation
text: sings. And now we notice, with Joe, placards and flags, horns
text: and tracts, all the paraphernalia of a street corner
dialog: evangelist.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Shee-it...
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: That's the ticket, just open your
dialog: heart and let it flow. It ain't the
dialog: words, it's the love beyond 'em!
scene_heading: EXT. REMEMBERED BAPTISM - ANOTHER TIME
text: Sally Buck sings with the congregation while a rawboned
text: preacher stands in the river, preparing to immerse little
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL'S VOICE
dialog: Don't fight it, boy!
scene_heading: INT. WEST SIDE HOTEL ROOM - DUSK
text: O'Daniel tries to pull Joe down beside him.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Pray and you shall be heard!
scene_heading: EXT. REMEMBERED BAPTISM - ANOTHER TIME
text: Camera becomes little Joe, glimpsing the fevered faces of
text: Sally Buck and the congregation singing on the riverbank,
text: just before being plunged under the river. O'Daniel's voice
text: reechoes, filtered through water.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Don't be frightened, son!
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Joe runs in aimless panic, pushing through the crowd, pursued
text: by O'Daniel's voice and the singing congregation.
speaker_heading: O'DANIEL
dialog: Don't run from Jesus!
text: Joe stops short as he sees the front page of a tabloid on a
text: newsstand. There is a picture of Joe being led away by two
text: deputies, under a headline ALABAMA MURDERER SHOTGUNS ELEVEN.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTY-SECOND STREET - NIGHT
text: Joe searches the faces of the crowd, running forward suddenly
text: as he sees Jackie and the farmboy picked up by two men in a
text: large convertible. Joe chases the car to Eighth Avenue but
text: stops, frightened as he sees himself in multiple image on the
text: front of every newspaper displayed on a newsstand.
scene_heading: INT. EVERETT'S BAR - NIGHT
text: The saloon is almost empty during the after dinner lull. The
text: BARTENDER doesn't look up from his newspaper as Joe
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Say, you know that runty little
dialog: bastard I was with?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I don't know nothing.
text: Joe tenses as he sees the . tabloid picture of himself on the
text: back of the bartender's paper. Joe's hand closes around an
text: empty beer bottle, a terrible violence surging very near the
text: surface. O.S. women scream.
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED BEAUTY SALON - ANOTHER TIME
text: Reflected in the mirror, we see little Joe wildly smashing
text: bottles and glass display cabinets -- the voices of women
text: screaming O.S. -- little Joe hurling a perfume bottle which
text: shatters the mirror and his own image.
scene_heading: INT. EVERETT'S BAR - NIGHT
text: The empty beer bottle stands where it was. Joe has
text: disappeared. On the TV screen over the bar, sound drowned out
text: by the jukebox, we see a blowup of the tabloid photograph,
text: revealing a young man very similar to, but clearly not Joe.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Colorful lights still flash seductive promise. The vertical,
text: lights on the MONY tower reach bottom and freeze momentarily.
scene_heading: STILL PHOTOGRAPH
text: Joe at his hotel window staring out blankly. Gun fire O.S....
scene_heading: INT. SHOOTING GALLERY - DAY
text: The radio at Joe's ear is drowned out by a kid in cowboy hat,
text: shooting alone in the gallery.
text: Two policemen idly slap their thighs with night sticks. Joe
text: moves on, unconsciously checking the coin return box of a pay
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: STILL PHOTOGRAPH
text: Joe curled up on his bed like a baby, fully dressed, his
text: radio on the night stand. O.S. his love theme, remote,
dialog: hollow...
scene_heading: EXT. FORTY-SECOND STREET - NIGHT
text: Joe's radio is at his ear "... never too late to look great,
dialog: Ben's Bargain Basement's open 'till five a.m., miles and
dialog: miles of Western styles, worth more at any store, money talks
text: and nobody walks." For the first time, Joe is aware of the
text: other midnight cowboys lurking in doorways, the cruising
text: queens, the middle-age men in sport shirts. Joe moves on self
text: consciously as he sees a scar-faced policeman, unconsciously
text: massaging his night stick. Camera holds on a window display
text: of gag buttons, featuring NEW YORK WILL BREAK YOUR HEART,
speaker_heading: BABY.
scene_heading: STILL PHOTOGRAPH
text: Joe soaking in the tub, eyes closed.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE DANCE HALL - DAY
text: Joe's radio promises job opportunities for young men eighteen
text: to twenty-five in the U.S. Air Force. He stands with a crowd
text: staring up at a girl go-go dancing in the window of SERGEANT
scene_heading: PEPPER'S LONELY HEART CLUB.
scene_heading: STILL PHOTOGRAPH
text: Joe staring in the mirror. O.S. static over his love theme.
scene_heading: EXT. SIXTH AVENUE - NIGHT
text: By work-light, the tarrier in metal helmet leans on a jack
text: hammer, beyond the sign DIG WE MUST, drowning out Joe's
dialog: radio.
scene_heading: STILL PHOTOGRAPH
text: Joe flexing his muscles in his jockey shorts while -- LIVE ON
text: TV SCREEN -- a physical culture personality finishes push-ups
text: and starts pitching his own extra protein bread.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE PANCAKE HOUSE - DAY
text: Joe's radio continues the super-break commercial while a fry
text: cook flips flapjacks in the window.
text: But Joe's eyes are on a sign DISHWASHER WANTED. Joe looks up
text: and his eyes meet those of the young man scraping garbage
text: behind the counter. It's Joe.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it.
scene_heading: STILL PHOTOGRAPH
text: Joe sits in the hotel lobby, staring out at the street,
text: unable to concentrate on his comic book. On two-way radio, a
text: woman's voice giggles as she speaks, "When I can't sleep,
dialog: well, I just dial the time and listen to those old seconds
dialog: clicking by like, you know, counting sheep?"
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK CAFE - COCKTAIL HOUR
text: Joe watches a young man hold a taxi door for an older lady,
text: at the same corner where Ratso waved to another young man.
text: The woman's predatory eyes linger momentarily on Joe before
text: she leads the young man into the Cafe. The two-way radio
dialog: continues over, "... that's what I do about insomnia."
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, now, ma'am, next time you got
dialog: that feeling coming on, you dial
dialog: Joe Buck. I'll show you what to
dialog: do...
scene_heading: STILL PHOTOGRAPH
text: Joe straddles a chair, staring at a blank TV screen.
scene_heading: SINGING COMMERCIAL
dialog: Need a little easy money? It's E-Z.
dialog: Want a little easy cash? It's E-Z.
scene_heading: E-Z LOAN COMMERCIAL
text: As the jingle continues, we follow Joe and his radio into the
text: loan office, the depressing reality photographed and edited
text: in the style of a TV commercial:
speaker_heading: JINGLE
dialog: Easy locations to get to
dialog: Easy ladies to greet you
dialog: Easy chairs to seat you
dialog: Easy payments to meet
dialog: Let E-Z set you
dialog: On Easy Street
text: Joe arrives confident
dialog: Harassed E-Z receptionist
dialog: Lines of uneasy customers
text: Desperate, angry faces
dialog: Reams of E-Z forms to fill
dialog: Clerk's sneer, says
dialog: Joe has to be kidding
scene_heading: INT. TIMES SQUARE PALACE LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Joe's image frozen -- as if another still photograph -
text: standing at the desk, waiting for his key.
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Key to 1014...
text: Action continues as the DESK CLERK hands Joe a folded paper
text: instead of a key. Joe opens it, deeply perplexed.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Looks like you been locked out of
dialog: your room, buddy. Till you pick up
dialog: your tab.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Uh, what about my things'n all?
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: We keep them nice and safe till you
dialog: get this straightened out.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
text: Room 1014 warm and inviting, Joe's suitcase on the bed.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Listen, tell you what, you can keep
dialog: all the rest of the goddam junk if
dialog: you let me have just the suitcase.
dialog: That suitcase means a lot to me.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
text: The postcard photograph marked X -- THIS IS ME.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: We keep everything. House rules.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Joe stands outside the hotel, stunned, seeing the bright
text: colored lights turn suddenly grey. The film continues in
text: black and white as Joe walks into the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY BUCK'S BEAUTY SALON - DAY
text: The FOR RENT sign flapping in the wind.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - DAY
text: Joe nurses a short beer, like the regulars. He looks up as a
text: crippled panhandler approaches, vaguely reminiscent of Ratso.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Screw off.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - NIGHT
text: The bed turned back, clean sheets, a soft night light.
scene_heading: INT. BUS DEPOT - NIGHT
text: Joe is stretched on a bench, his Stetson over his eyes. A
text: loud speaker announces a bus "departing for Texas" but Joe
text: does not move. A policeman taps Joe's boots with his night
text: stick. Joe rises and starts away with mixed anger and
text: apprehension.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC MEN'S ROOM - DAY
text: Two matching Ivy Leaguers exchange a glance as they see Joe
text: washing his feet in the basin. Joe stares back with a
text: belligerent grin.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Any objection, gentlemen?
scene_heading: INT. ALL NIGHT CAFETERIA - NIGHT
text: Joe balances a cup of coffee, walking past the other solitary
text: night people, avoiding each other's eyes. Joe spots what he's
text: looking for and seats himself next to a gaunt woman and her
text: ten year old son, both freaked out, erratically touching
text: things, themselves, each other in a futile effort to make
text: contact with reality. But Joe is only concerned with the
text: plastic-wrapped crackers left by their empty soup bowls.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Y'ain't gonna eat them?
text: The woman stares at Joe blankly. The boy runs a toy mouse
text: across the table, up his mother's arm and around her face.
text: With a polite nod, Joe opens the crackers and squirts one
text: with ketchup. Joe upsets his chair as a great gob of ketchup
text: spills onto his pants...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it.
text: ... glancing around with an embarrassed laugh, but the only
text: one looking is a cop, scratching his calf with a night stick.
text: Joe keeps his back to the customers as he moves to the water
text: dispenser, wets a paper napkin and tries to wipe away the
text: stain. But the water has only spread the stain across his
text: pants and down his leg. He blushes as a blonde young
text: streetwalker giggles.
scene_heading: SALLY BUCK'S VOICE
dialog: Wet your britches, lover boy?
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY ARCADE - NIGHT
text: Joe tries to hide the stain with his jacket as he checks the
text: coin boxes of vending machines, wary as he passes a burly
text: policeman, abstractedly snapping his handcuffs in front of a
text: bakery window display of bride-and-groom wedding cakes. Joe
text: barely glances at a confused MIDDLE-AGE LADY.
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGE LADY
dialog: How do I get to Grand Central?
speaker_heading: JOE
text: Shuttle. Follow the green light.
text: Automatically,checking the trough of a gum vending machine,
text: Joe unexpectedly faces himself in the mirror, the eyes
text: staring at him tired and hopeless. His hand reaches
text: unconsciously for a cigarette, The package is empty. He
text: crumples it in his fist but holds it.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, cowboy. Enough of this
dialog: shee-it. You know what you got to
dialog: do?
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Then go do it.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTY-SECOND STREET - NIGHT
text: Joe hurls the crumpled package into a DON'T BE A LITTERBUG
text: basket as he emerges from the subway, his radio at his ear.
text: The torchy voice belts his love song, merging with street
text: noises crying danger -- an ambulance, a burglar alarm, a
text: policeman's whistle -- the lights flashing lurid color for
text: the first time since Joe was locked out, no longer promising
text: but threatening, clashing, warning as...
text: ... from a high angle, across the street, Joe joins the other
text: midnight cowboys, offering himself to all comers. His figure
text: is momentarily obliterated by traffic then...
text: ... zooming in, we see Joe self-consciously trying to hide
text: the stain on his pants, embarrassed as a large sedan slows
text: then moves on to stop in front of a motorcycle freak. Joe is
text: briefly obliterated again by a passing police car...
text: ... the receding flash of its turret light revealing Joe in
text: close conversation with a frightened young FAT BOY, whose
text: eyes plead for reassurance as Joe scowls.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: Joe's black and white suitcase gleams on the bed.
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Twenty-three bucks, I got to have
dialog: twenty-three bucks...
scene_heading: INT. ALL NIGHT MOVIE - NIGHT
text: From an apparently empty balcony -- an old science fiction
text: film grinds endlessly through the night -- a lost spaceman
text: trying to make contact with a tantalizing Martian maiden
text: across an invisible time barrier, theremin voices calling,
dialog: "Earthling, where are you?"
speaker_heading: FAT BOY'S VOICE
dialog: Okay. Sure. I got twenty-five...
text: At the top of the balcony, Joe leans back, turning his face
text: away as the Fat Boy embraces him, kissing Joe's cheek and
text: neck, his head moving down out of frame to show -- on the
text: screen -- the spaceman and Martian maiden meeting, arms
text: outstretched. But the Martian maiden moves right on through
text: the spaceman, crying, "Earthling come back, however many
text: centuries it is, I'll wait!" Joe closes his eyes, forcing his
dialog: memory back...
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED MOVIE HOUSE - ANOTHER TIME
text: ... repeating the remembered image of Anastasia and a younger
text: Joe, behind the movie screen...
speaker_heading: ANASTASIA
dialog: You're the only one, Joe, the only,
dialog: only one ever!
text: ... the remembered passion continuing, mounting -- intercut
text: with flash impressions, like flipping pages of a nudie
text: magazine -- naked, half-draped blondes gazing into camera
text: with sultry eyes, including one comic strip sexpot and the
text: calendar girl in Joe's Texas hotel room...
speaker_heading: ANASTASIA'S VOICE
dialog: You're the best, the very best,
dialog: yes, yes, kiss me, oh God please
dialog: kiss me, Joe, now, now, now!
text: ... Joe's face in extreme close-up, sounds of both movie
text: houses merging, confused, dominated by the voices of
dialog: adolescent boys...
speaker_heading: BOYS' VOICES
dialog: Hey, Joe, give someone else a
dialog: chance! What's he doing for
dialog: chrisake? He kissing Anastasia? You
dialog: better swallow a whole goddam
dialog: drugstore, man!
text: ... an adolescent ratpack waiting in line behind the screen,
text: laughing in coarse whispers, watching Joe and Anastasia. O.S.
dialog: theremin voices call "Earthling, where are you?"
scene_heading: INT. ALL NIGHT MOVIE - NIGHT
text: On screen, the Martian maiden moves through the spaceman,
dialog: crying, "Earthling, come back, however many centuries it is,
dialog: I'll wait!"
scene_heading: INT. ALL NIGHT MOVIE RESTROOM - NIGHT
text: Joe watches the Fat Boy doubled over, retching.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm awful damn sorry you're sick,
dialog: kid, but you gonna have to gimme
dialog: that money like you said.
speaker_heading: FAT BOY
dialog: I was lying. I don't have it.
dialog: What're you going to do to me?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (controls fury)
dialog: What you got in your pockets?
text: Eagerly, the boy produces a family photograph, a subway
text: token, a dirty handkerchief. Joe grabs his wrist, revealing a
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: How much's that worth?
speaker_heading: FAT BOY
dialog: I can't go home without my watch!
dialog: My mother'd die! She'd die! Take my
dialog: books! Not my watch! She'd die!
text: But Joe has already kicked open the door. Theremin voices
dialog: drown out the Fat Boy, calling "Earthling, where are you?"
scene_heading: INT. ALL NIGHT MOVIE - NIGHT
text: Joe sprawls, trying to sleep, his feet on the balcony rail,
text: the radio at his ear. On screen, once again, the Martian
text: maiden moves through the spaceman, crying, but we hear the
text: voice of a desperate woman on two-way radio. As she speaks, a
text: policeman moves along the aisle, slapping his palm with his
dialog: night stick.
speaker_heading: DESPERATE VOICE
dialog: Bill, can I call you Bill, Mister
dialog: Bonner? I feel like I know you from
dialog: listening. What I called about,
dialog: Bill, I'm gonna kill myself...
scene_heading: EXT. SIXTH AVENUE - DAY
text: From a high angle, only Joe's Stetson and radio can be seen
text: above a passing bus, its side panel advertising BILL BONNER'S
text: STRAIGHT LINE, A STRAIGHT TALK SHOW.
speaker_heading: BONNER'S VOICE
dialog: Why call me, baby? If you want to
dialog: do it; just do it, don't talk about
dialog: it. Are we drunky? Feeling a little
dialog: sorry for ourselves maybe?
text: Joe appears in full figure as the bus passes. He stands
text: looking at the suitcases in a luggage shop window.
speaker_heading: DESPERATE VOICE
dialog: Well, Bill, what I got thinking, I
dialog: didn't want the neighbors to have
dialog: to find me, this young couple with
dialog: the boy I want to have my cat, see,
dialog: Bill?
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - DAY
text: BONNER, tough in a grey crew-cut, talks on the phone.
speaker_heading: BONNER
dialog: Okay, baby, now listen, just hold
dialog: on while I leave the line for a
dialog: minute. And think about all the
dialog: kids that are dying overseas for
dialog: you, okay, baby? Got that? I'll be
text: back in exactly sixty seconds.
dialog: After this message from...
text: A taxi born blasts, interrupting the sponsor's message.
scene_heading: EXT. SIXTH AVENUE - DAY
text: Joe's fist slams a fender violently, using Ratso's fake
text: injury trick to stop traffic, running across the street
dialog: toward...
scene_heading: EXT. NEDICK'S - DAY
text: ... Ratso staring out at Joe, paralyzed in the act of
text: lighting a cigarette -- intercut in flashing close-ups -- Joe
text: outside the window, Ratso inside -- reflecting their
text: conflicting emotions -- Joe's murderous rage -- Ratso's panic
text: -- one almost subliminal flash of each revealing something
dialog: like pleasure at finding a long-lost friend...
scene_heading: INT. NEDICK'S - DAY
text: ... Ratso staring up into camera, holding his breath.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Don't hit me, I'm a cripple.
text: Joe's hand falls on Ratso's shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Oh, I ain't gonna hit you, I'm
dialog: gonna strangle you to death...
text: The cigarette in Ratso's mouth burns into his lip. He jerks
text: spasmodically, choking on smoke as he rips skin away with the
text: butt and drops it in his coffee cup.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... only first I'm gonna turn you
dialog: upside down and shake you out right
dialog: here and now.
text: Coughing, eyes tearing, Ratso empties his pockets on the
text: counter, finally producing: sixty-four cents, a few sticks of
text: gum, an almost empty cigarette package, a book of matches and
text: two pawn tickets. He raises his eyes, somehow ashamed. Joe
text: kicks the toe of Ratso's loafer.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What's in your socks?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Not a cent, I swear to God, I swear
text: on my mother's eyes.
text: Ratso removes his loafers and shakes them, glancing at the
text: counter man. His socks don't even conceal his toes.
text: Disgusted, Joe shoves Ratso's small pile back at him.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: You keep the sixty-four cents. I
dialog: want you to have it.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: It's sticky. What you do, slobber
dialog: on 'em? I wouldn't touch 'em.
text: Joe should leave -- Ratso obviously has nothing tangible to
text: offer -- but Joe hesitates, lighting a cigarette as Ratso
text: pulls on his loafers.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: How do you like that O'Daniel,
dialog: flipping out like that? I wanted to
dialog: get in touch with you when I heard,
dialog: but I been laid up with this
dialog: cold...
text: Ratso touches his chest, forcing a cough which continues
text: itself beyond his intention.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You want some free medical advice,
dialog: shut your goddam mouth about that
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Okay, right, right, okay. Another
dialog: subject. Where you living? Still at
dialog: the hotel?
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: The black and white suitcase lies open on the bed.
scene_heading: INT. NEDICK'S - DAY
text: Joe turns abruptly and walks away.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it. I got better things to do
dialog: than talk to you.
scene_heading: EXT. SIXTH AVENUE - DAY
text: Joe strides north, pretending he doesn't hear...
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
dialog: Hey, wait up, for crissake!
text: ... Ratso hop-skipping to overtake Joe at the traffic light.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Listen, keep away from me, hear?
dialog: You come near me again, I snatch
dialog: you bald-headed!
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I'm inviting you. I mean if you're
dialog: not located, I got a place. I'm
dialog: inviting you, goddamit.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You inviting shee-it.
scene_heading: EXT. TENEMENT STREET - DAY
text: A contractor's sign announces LUXURY APARTMENTS AVAILABLE in
text: high-rise co-op, under construction beyond a raw of tenements
text: with X's taped on the windows. Ratso's voice continues over
text: the click-clack-click of Joe's boots and the flip-flap-squeak
text: of Ratso's loafers as camera moves toward a condemned
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
text: The X on the window means the
dialog: landlord can't collect rent --
dialog: which is a convenience, hey? -- on
dialog: account of it's condemned.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT STAIRS - DAY
text: Footsteps climb past rubbish piled outside empty flats.
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
text: The electric's off. Another
dialog: convenience.
dialog: I don't mess with Con Edison, hey?
dialog: What the hell, I got candles,
dialog: right?
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - DAY
text: Light from the X window shines on a Florida tourist poster as
text: Ratso leads Joe into an abandoned tub-in-kitchen flat, barely
text: furnished with a table and chair, a rumple of blankets on a
text: burnt-out mattress.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I got no heat, but by that time,
dialog: you know, cold weather, hey, I'll
dialog: be in Florida. Stretch out. Make
dialog: yourself comfortable. You hungry?
dialog: I'll put up some water for coffee.
text: Ratso fills a saucepan from the tub-sink, sets it on a Sterno
text: stove. Joe sits himself on the mattress-bed, pretending to
text: test it, weeks of exhaustion and tension overwhelming him
text: suddenly, his only immediate problem being the effort to
text: restrain a large, comfortable yawn.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Comfortable, kee-rist, I slept on
text: subways softer than this.
text: Joe stretches himself, yawning, his eyelids drooping heavily.
text: The sounds of the city recede. Joe's love theme plays softly
text: on a distant radio. Joe's eyes close momentarily in spite of
dialog: him elf.
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED CAR - ANOTHER TIME
text: A vintage dashboard, radio dial glowing, Anastasia's face.
speaker_heading: ANASTASIA
dialog: Love me, Joe?
scene_heading: EXT. DEMOLITION SITE - DAY
text: A huge metal ball arcs on chain, demolishing a brick facade.
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - DAY
text: Ratso's face seems to radiate evil as he lights a Sterno can.
text: Joe forces his eyes half-open.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Smart thing for me to do is haul
dialog: ass outta here.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Whatsa matter now?
text: Joe shivers, pulls a blanket around him, resisting sleep, but
text: the noises of demolition fade, the love theme lures Joe back.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You don't seem like no fag...
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
text: Joe's eyes close, his voice continuing out of half-sleep.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Want me to stay here, y'after something. What y'after?
scene_heading: INT. REMEMBERED CAR - NIGHT
text: Joe's thumbnail flares a match, exposing Anastasia on the car
text: seat with Joe, both nearly naked. Anastasia butterfly-kisses
text: Joe's chest as he lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: ANASTASIA
dialog: Say you love me. Just say it.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Okay. I love you.
text: Anastasia purrs as her lips find Joe's breast, trying to
text: nurse. A flashlight flares suddenly through the car window.
scene_heading: NIGHTMARE - MULTIPLE SPLIT SCREEN
text: Low angle Ratso bending over Joe, into camera...
text: ... Sally Buck shocked, hand still on switch...
text: ... Joe blinded by halation...
text: ... Anastasia's mouth screaming soundlessly...
text: ... flashlights multiplying on car window...
text: Full frame -- Anastasia catatonic in hospital gown -- a
text: woman's voice "What'd he do to you, Annie?"...
text: ... gang-bang ratpack surrounding car with flashlights...
text: ... Jackie shrieking "He loves her he loves her"...
text: ... hands closing on Joe's buttocks...
text: ... hand closing on Joe's naked left foot...
text: ... hand on naked right foot...
text: ... dentist leaning over Joe's mouth...
text: ... hands pulling Joe's legs apart...
text: Zoom close-up -- Anastasia screaming soundlessly...
text: ... thermometer under Little Joe's tongue...
text: ... Sally Buck shoves chocolate in her mouth...
text: ... bewigged poodle licks her fingers...
text: ... Sally Buck hangs enema can on bedpost...
text: ... Ratso leads ratpack chasing naked Anastasia...
dialog: ... corona of flashlights...
text: Anastasia screaming soundlessly -- flashlight shoved into her
text: mouth -- electronic rock blasting...
text: ... blank-eyed go-go girl in dance hall window...
text: ... Joe held naked by ratpack...
text: ... Ratso breaking beer bottle on Everett's bar...
text: ... dwarf laughing on television...
text: ... Ratso aims broken bottle at Joe's crotch...
text: ... shooting gallery cowboys riddle Joe's pelvis...
text: Anastasia catatonic in courtroom -- between gaunt parents -
text: whining singsong "Raped her raped her Joe Buck raped her"...
text: ... Fat Boy's mouth finds Joe's breast, tries to nurse...
text: ... Sally Buck kisses him open-mouthed...
text: ... slug crawls up Joe's stomach, trailing mucus...
text: ... Cass's poodle laps at his toes...
text: ... butterflies settle on his eyes...
text: Anastasia catatonic in courtroom between parents -- who are
dialog: now O'Daniel and Sally Buck...
text: ... drawling voice "evidence of repeated violations"...
text: ... Bill Bonner in flag-cloth judge's robe...
text: ... police advancing, swinging night sticks...
text: ... Joe running into Times Square, suddenly naked...
text: ... Anastasia sitting in all-night cafeteria...
text: ... freaky child running toy mouse over her naked body...
text: Siren screaming -- Anastasia staring catatonic from rear
dialog: window of ambulance...
text: ... ambulance racing away...
text: ... Joe chasing naked after ambulance...
text: ... running into the arms of the police...
text: ... Ratso laughing as police beat Joe...
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - NIGHT
text: Joe awakens in a cold sweat, fighting the blankets, wild-eyed
text: as he sees Ratso at the table, examining Joe's radio by
text: candle-light. Joe lunges across the room to snatch the radio
text: from Ratso's hands.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: For crissake!
text: Still wild-eyed, Joe suddenly points at his stocking feet.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Where's my boots -- ?
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - DAY
text: Joe facing the crowd, naked except for his boots.
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - NIGHT
text: Ratso points to the boots on the floor by the mattress.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: How'd they get off me?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I took 'em off.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: So you could sleep! I mean Christ!
text: Joe inspects the boots, seats himself on a battered Army cot
text: - which has been added while he slept -- swinging a boot by
text: its strap, considering whether to stay or go.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: I drug in a cot, if you want to
dialog: stay.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well now, Ratso, I'm gonna tell you
dialog: something for your own good, only
text: first gimme a cigarette.
text: Ratso offers a cigarette from his crushed package, Joe
text: strikes a match on his thumbnail and lights up, staring at
dialog: Ratso.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: You want me to stay here tonight,
dialog: is that the idea?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I ain't forcing you, like, I mean,
dialog: who's forcing you?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Oh. Guess I got the wrong
dialog: impression.
text: Joe makes a slow move to pull on one boot.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I want you to stay, okay? I goddam
dialog: invited you, didn't I?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, I hope you know what you're
dialog: in for. I'm a very dangerous
dialog: person. Someone does me bad like
dialog: you. If I caught up with you that
dialog: night, there'd be one dead Ratso
dialog: long about now. Hear?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I'm impressed. You're a killer.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: So if you want me to hang around
dialog: for a few days, I thought you
dialog: should know.
text: Joe yawns, picks up a few blankets and spreads them on the
text: cot. He puzzles out the faded printing on one blanket.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Property of the YMCA. You make me
dialog: wanna puke sometimes, Ratso.
text: Ratso blows out the candle and wraps himself in blankets.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Joe -- do me one favor -- this is
dialog: my place, am I wrong? You know, in
dialog: my own place my name ain't Ratso. I
dialog: mean it so happens my name is
dialog: Enrico Salvatore Rizzo.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it, man, I can't say all that.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Rico then, at least call me Rico in
dialog: my own goddam place.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Rico! Rico! Rico! Is that enough?
dialog: (then)
dialog: And keep your meat hooks off my
dialog: radio.
scene_heading: EXT. VEGETABLE MARKET - DAY
text: Ratso wears a threadbare raincoat of faded black, several
text: sizes too large, as he shops with housewives at a sidewalk
text: vegetable stand -- elbowing his way through the ladies,
dialog: testing fruit, picking up vegetables and putting them back --
text: till the GREENGROCER spots him.
speaker_heading: GREENGROCER
dialog: You! Out! Out! I told you, I calla
dialog: cops!
text: The other shoppers deliberately turn their backs, avoiding
text: involvement. As the Greengrocer grabs Ratso, Joe ambles into
text: the scene, wearing his dangerous little smile.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey, looka here, that ain't nice,
dialog: picking on a cripple...
text: Joe intervenes just long enough for Ratso to escape, then
text: ambles on, leaving the Greengrocer in frustrated fury. Camera
text: holds on a tray of coconuts.
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - DAY
text: Joe lies on his cot, watching Ratso struggle to penetrate the
text: fibrous husk of a coconut, experimenting with a variety of
text: rusty tools in an old cigar box.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: The two basic items necessary to
dialog: sustain life are sunshine and
dialog: coconut milk. That's a known fact.
dialog: If I can find the goddam hole the
text: milk squirts out.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: This is an okay setup you got here,
dialog: but I'd say you ain't just exactly,
dialog: uh, flush, is that right or not?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I been sick. Hold this, will ya?
text: Joe takes his time rising to hold the coconut while Ratso
text: tries to poke a hole with a bent ice-pick.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: In Florida, they come smooth, ready
dialog: to eat.
dialog: Down there, your only problem is,
dialog: diet-wise, you gotta lift an arm to
dialog: wipe warm milk off your chin.
dialog: Tough, hey?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I think finding you's the smartest
dialog: thing I ever did, for both of us.
dialog: You just the crooked kinda sneaky
dialog: little sidewinder I need to get me
dialog: hustling in this town. Hey!
text: Joe jerks his hand away just in time to avoid the ice-pick.
text: The coconut bounces on the floor. Ratso picks it up, holds
text: it, while Joe tries to crack it, swinging his boot like a
dialog: hammer.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Miami Beach is the only place for a
dialog: real hustler. Florida has more rich
dialog: chicks per square yard than any
dialog: resort spot in the world. They lie
text: out in their pagodas and pergolas
text: waiting to grab the first jockstrap
dialog: that passes.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What's all this sweet talk about
dialog: Florida? Your friend O'Daniel got a
dialog: stable down there now?
text: Joe swings violently. Ratso yelps, hopping on his one good
text: leg, sucking his thumb.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Cowboy killers! Break my finger,
dialog: Christ! I got news for you, baby,
dialog: no chick with any class buys that
dialog: big dumb cowboy crap...
text: Ratso holds his thumb under the tub-sink faucet.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: ... the cowboy bit's out, except
dialog: among fags of a certain type, which
dialog: take a certain, type hustler to
dialog: exploit. Like I could handle it --
dialog: being a stealing operation
dialog: basically -- but take your average
dialog: fag, very few of them want a
dialog: cripple.
text: Joe holds the coconut like Yorick's skull, thinking hard.*
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, I am dumb, that's for sure. I
dialog: don't talk right. I can't think too
dialog: good. Just only one thing I ever
dialog: been good for's loving. Women go
dialog: crazy for me. Fact. Crazy Annie.
dialog: Had to send her away. So I don't
dialog: cash in on that, what am I? I'm
dialog: shee-it. May's well flush me down
text: that hole with the dishwater.
text: Joe sets the coconut on the floor, holding it with both hands
text: while he tries to smash it with the heel of his boot.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's why you gonna stop crapping
dialog: about Florida and get your skinny
dialog: butt moving to earn twenty bucks
dialog: worth of management you owe me...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1014 - DAY
text: The suitcase lies open, displaying Joe's wardrobe.
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Make that twenty-three bucks.
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - DAY
text: Joe slams his heel down. The coconut shoots out from under
text: him and he lands on his ass.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Look at yourself, Joe, no offense,
dialog: but frankly, you're beginning to
dialog: smell. For a stud in this town
dialog: that's a handicap.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You talk like a man with a tin
dialog: twat.
text: Ratso sets the coconut on the window sill, balancing it as he
text: raises the X window.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: You ain't got a chance in hell. You
dialog: need threads and glitter, baby. A
dialog: front, hey?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, uh, my manager's gonna manage
dialog: all that crap, or else he gonna get
text: a coconut up his flue.
text: Joe slams, the window down. The coconut flies down to crash
text: O.S. on the sidewalk below.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY
text: An alley cat laps up the milk of the broken coconut.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - FANTASY
text: Joe stands naked in the middle of traffic. A siren shrills.
text: Anastasia, catatonic in a hospital smock, moves toward Joe
text: like a sleepwalker, passing through him.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDROMAT - DAY
text: Wearing only his boots, Joe sits like an Indian chief,
text: wrapped in a blanket -- angle widening to show Ratso,
text: spotting Joe's jacket, slacks and shirt with cleaning fluid --
text: his eyes on a very pregnant Italian lady. As she starts to
text: load a coin cleaning machine, Ratso intervenes solicitously,
dialog: speaking in Italian...
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: A woman in your condition shouldn't
dialog: do that. Let me help...
text: ... adroitly slipping Joe's cleaning in with her load as she
text: turns to seat herself beside Joe.
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: It ain't right, stealing from a
text: pregnant lady.
scene_heading: INT. HAT CLEANERS - DAY
text: Joe and Ratso stand waiting at the counter.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: What did it cost her? The
dialog: laundromat syndicate lost a couple
dialog: coins. I'm crying.
text: The owner brings Joe's clean and blocked Stetson from the
text: rear of the shop. Joe sets it on his head and examines
text: himself in a mirror as the owner hands Ratso, the bill.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: Where's mine? The black homburg? I
dialog: brought it in the same time.
text: The owner glances at the slip, puzzled, returns to the rear
text: of the shop to search for the nonexistent homburg. Ratso
text: quickly drags Joe away from the mirror and out of the shop.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY ARCADE - NIGHT
text: The rhythmic duet of boots and loafers follows Joe and Ratso
text: - checking coin boxes and telephone booths -- till they reach
text: a shoeshine stand, locked for the night. They loiter till a
text: young couple has disappeared, then Joe kicks loose 'the
text: padlock on the equipment drawer, mounts one of the chairs and
text: Ratso goes to work on his boots with furious expertise,
text: flourishing double brushes, snapping the rag like a jazz
dialog: drummer.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey, you're good! I bet you could
dialog: pick up a living at this if you
dialog: tried.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: And end up a hunchback like my old
dialog: man? You think I'm crippled? You
dialog: shoulda caught him the end of a
dialog: day.
text: Ratso demonstrates a chimpanzee walk. Joe laughs. Ratso turns
text: back in panic as another man takes a chair next to Joe. Ratso
text: is about to retuse when a cop takes the third chair, swinging
text: his handcuffs around to the front, tapping his shoe with his
text: night stick. Ratso quickly drops a rag over the broken
text: padlock, cursing under his breath as he starts working on all
text: three customers at the same time.
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
dialog: You think it's funny?
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - DAY
text: Joe is seated in a straight-back chair near the X window, a
text: towel tucked around his neck as Ratso trims his hair, almost
dialog: as expert a barber as shoeshine boy.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Stupid bastard coughed his lungs
text: out breathing that resin all day.
text: They buried him with gloves on.
dialog: Even the fag undertaker couldn't
dialog: get his nails clean.
text: As if by conditioned reflex, Ratso chokes on the cigarette in
text: his mouth, coughing painfully. He crushes it out, opens the
text: window to spit, shivering, then slam it and turns back to
text: remove the towel from Joe's neck.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Kee-rist, you pretty damn clever
dialog: for a skimpy little gimp.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: You like it? Take a look.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Don't rush me. How I do it, see, I
dialog: get myself primed, like I was
dialog: turning on the charm for some
dialog: pretty little blonde lady, then
dialog: kinda mosey away slow and easy and
dialog: - swing around! -- and there you
dialog: are, you handsome devil.
text: Joe performs his ritual as he speaks, but more relaxed,
text: faintly laughing at himself with Ratso. The wall mirror has
text: been added since we last saw the flat, along with a legless
text: overstuffed chair with burnt-out cushions, a tasselled table
text: cover, pinups, calendar girls and several new Florida tourist
text: posters, Ratso moves to Joe's side, arranging the
text: neckerchief, nodding.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Not bad -- for a cowboy -- you're
dialog: okay, you're okay.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna make a
dialog: cowboy outta you, kid. How about
dialog: that? Build you up a little, teach
dialog: you couple little tricks'n turn
dialog: y'out to stud, Rat-stuff.
text: Joe slaps his hat on Ratso's head, tilts it, hooks Ratso's
text: thumbs in his jeans and shoves a cigarette into the corner of
text: Ratso's mouth. Ratso laughs till he chokes -- for one
text: instant, self-consciously, mimicking Joe -- then removes the
text: hat and reaches for his threadbare black raincoat.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, you got yourself one
text: handsome, sweet-smelling cowboy,
dialog: strut your stuff...
scene_heading: EXT. CONVERTED TOWN HOUSE - DAY
text: Joe and Ratso peer down through a basement bay window, into
scene_heading: the office of THE PERFECT GENTLEMAN ESCORT SERVICE --
dialog: endorsed by leading travel agencies and credit clubs offering
dialog: discreet companionship and personal guided tours in any
text: language. A large-busted matron, on a French phone, fills out
text: a memo and hands it to an immaculate young ESCORT, who slips
text: the memo into his topcoat pocket as he comes from the office
text: and hails a cab. Ratso darts forward, limping exaggeratedly,
text: holding the door, lifting the memo as he brushes off the
text: Escort's topcoat. The young man waves him away with out a
text: tip. Ratso slams the door and bites his thumb after the cab,
text: unfolding the memo as he joins Joe on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: How do you like that? Cheap
dialog: bastard...
dialog: (reads, then)
dialog: I think we struck gold. This is one
dialog: high-class chick. The Barbizon for
dialog: Women!
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN SKYLINE - DUSK
text: The Mutual of New York tower flashes MONY.
scene_heading: INT. CORNER PHONE BOOTH - DUSK
text: Ratso consults the memo as he speaks into the phone.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Mr. McNeill, I'm calling for Miss
dialog: Beecham at the Barbizon Hotel for
dialog: Women. She won't need you
dialog: tonight...
scene_heading: EXT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: A doorman helps a young lady into a limousine.
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
dialog: Would you believe a whole goddam
dialog: hotel with nothing but lonely
dialog: chicks?
text: Joe and Ratso watch from across the street.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Score once in that setup, the way
dialog: chicks talk, Christ...
text: Joe cracks his gum, tilts his hat, starts across the street.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: Get the money! Remember Cass
dialog: Trehune? Cash! These rich bitches
dialog: write a check at night, call the
dialog: bank and stop payment in the
dialog: morning. Get the cash!
text: In Ratso's eyes -- as Joe enters the hotel -- its facade
text: suddenly wipes away to reveal rich ladies in negligee waiting
text: in every room.
scene_heading: INT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: Joe starts up the stairs, two at a time. A BELLHOP grabs him.
speaker_heading: BELLHOP
dialog: Hey! No men upstairs!
scene_heading: EXT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: Ratso warms his hands at a chestnut vendor's cart, seeing...
text: ... zoom close-up, a lady in a window grabbing Joe.
scene_heading: INT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: Joe picks up a house phone, watched by the Bellhop.
scene_heading: EXT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: Ratso sees Joe zip from room to room in wild animation.
scene_heading: INT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: The lobby watches Joe blow a gum bubble at the elevator.
scene_heading: EXT. EXCLUSIVE DRESS SHOP - NIGHT
text: Staring at a window display of Florida sportswear, Ratso's
text: imagination soars, seeing...
scene_heading: EXT. FLORIDA BEACH FRONT - FANTASY
text: ... Ratso, like a model in a travel poster, in gaudy sport
text: shirt, talking on the phone against a background of hotels...
text: ... Ratso like James Bond, surrounded by bikinis, dictating
text: while girls serve coconut milk and massage his game leg...
text: ... Ratso like George Raft, in evening clothes, running a
text: posh casino, flicking a coin...
text: ... Ratso simply himself, dressed as he is, sitting on the
text: beach, at peace in the sun...
text: ... the same identical picture with Joe sitting beside Ratso.
scene_heading: INT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: Joe faces MISS BEECHAM, a reserved and rather plain young
text: lady in evening dress, She tries to speak softly.
speaker_heading: MISS BEECHAM
dialog: I'm afraid there's been a terrible
dialog: mistake...
scene_heading: EXT. EXCLUSIVE DRESS SHOP - NIGHT
text: Ratso leans against the window, flipping a coin.
scene_heading: EXT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: Miss Beecham is flushed with humiliation, the entire lobby
text: watching Joe in the hands of two bellboys.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I want my money, goddamit, you owe
dialog: me my money whether you get laid or
dialog: not, lady, shee-it!
scene_heading: EXT. EXCLUSIVE DRESS SHOP - NIGHT
text: The lights in the window suddenly switch off, blacking out
text: Florida. Ratso glances toward the growl of a siren O.S.
scene_heading: EXT. BARBIZON FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: A police prowl car slows in front of the hotel. Ratso swings
text: across the street with incredible speed to meet Joe as he's
text: tossed onto the sidewalk. Ratso picks up the Stetson and
text: brushes it off, then helps Joe to his feet.
scene_heading: EXT. SIXTH AVENUE - NIGHT
text: From a high angle -- the two figures move slowly along the
text: deserted avenue, their rhythmic musical duet growing more and
text: more faint in the distance, a broken grasshopper and a six
text: foot tarnished cowboy -- passing a tuxedo rental store, next
text: to a lighted sign -- TEMPERATURE IN MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA 89
text: DEGREES -- their pace slowing to a dead stop...
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - NIGHT
text: ... Joe and Ratso frozen -- rain on the X windowpane freezing
dialog: into sheet ice. O.S.
text: a radio commercial plays warm, sentimental music while a cozy
text: voice explains how easy it is to heat with Humble oil.
scene_heading: EXT. CONDEMNED TENEMENTS - DAY
text: Joe and Ratso frozen in a narrow shaft of sunlight, watching
text: the huge metal ball demolish the building next door. O.S. a
text: radio announcer sells FROZEN SUNSHINE ORANGE JUICE.
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - NIGHT
text: Joe and Ratso frozen, staring significantly at Joe's radio.
dialog: O.S. a singing commercial, "Don't wheeze and sneeze the
dialog: winter away! Drink Frozen sunshine every day!"
scene_heading: EXT. PAWN SHOP - DAY
text: Through the window -- Joe and Ratso watch the pawnbroker
dialog: examine Joe's radio, "Be healthier, wealthier, life can be
dialog: fine, when you drink Frozen" -- Sunshine is clicked off by
dialog: the pawnbroker.
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - NIGHT
text: Joe and Ratso frozen, wrapped in blankets as...
text: ... the canned heat dies with a faint puff...
text: ... water dripping in the tub-sink freezes into an icicle...
text: ... the candle burns down and out, leaving the screen dark.
scene_heading: EXT. CONDEMNED TENEMENTS - DAY
text: Joe and Ratso warm themselves on the smoke and steam rising
text: from a subway grating -- watching two officials in fur
text: collared coats inspect the front of their X flat building.
text: Reading their doom, Joe and Ratso, continue on, disappearing
text: into the subway.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTY-SECOND STREET - NIGHT
text: Joe stands alone, watching the midnight cowboys ply their
text: trade. Camera pulls back as Joe turns away and enters a store
text: front blood bank, offering ten dollars to blood donors.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: A huge hypodermic fills the frame, sucking Joe's blood. O.S.
text: Ratso coughs uncontrollably.
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - NIGHT
text: Ratso leans over the tub-sink, dry-heaving while he coughs,
text: wearing a sheepskin coat much too large for him. He controls
text: the cough with effort -- hearing the door open and close O.S.
text: -- wipes his mouth and turns to grin at...
text: ... Joe, trying to light the empty Sterno can, deliberately
text: ignoring Ratso. Ratso shrugs, washes his mouth at the faucet,
text: finds a cigarette butt and lights it, careful to avoid
text: inhaling the first puff.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it. Cough yourself inside out,
dialog: then light a fag, a goddam fag. You
dialog: make me puke. Where'd you steal it?
dialog: In the movies?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: The coat? A guy I did a favor once
dialog: gave it to me. Christ.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Who'd you ever do a favor for? You
dialog: just let some poor bastard freeze
dialog: to death, wouldn't you?
text: Joe slams ten dollars on the table. Ratso glances at Joe with
text: curious concern.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Where'd that come from?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Forty-second Street. Where'n hell
dialog: you think it come from?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: You wanna know the truth? You dumb
dialog: bastard, I got it for you. Look at
dialog: it. Goddam thing's ten sizes too
dialog: big for me.
text: Ratso pulls off the coat and throws it at Joe.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Wear it yourself. I wouldn't put it
dialog: on my back.
text: Joe throws it back at Ratso.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Goddamned if I'll wear it!
text: Ratso hurls it in a corner. Joe shoves the ten at Ratso.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Go get your medicine. Before you
dialog: die on my goddam, hands...
scene_heading: EXT. EAST RIVER BRIDGE - DAY
text: High angle -- Joe and Ratso cross an foot, chilled by wind,
text: neither wearing the sheepskin coat. The Queens riverfront and
text: factories appear cold and bleak, deserted on Sunday.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND CEMETERIES - DAY
text: Camera moves into acres of tombstones, piled like low-rent
dialog: housing projects for the dead, the various faiths segregated
text: by crumbling boundaries.
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Shee-it. I hate boneyards.
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
dialog: So split. He ain't your goddam,
dialog: father.
scene_heading: EXT. PROTESTANT CEMETERY - DAY
text: Ratso leads Joe past a Negro family at a grave -- glances
text: around -- snatches an elaborate floral piece from a headstone
text: and hides it under his black raincoat as he darts toward a
text: low dividing wail and swings himself over into...
scene_heading: EXT. CATHOLIC CEMETERY - DAY
text: ... an endless section of plain stone markers. Joe touches
text: his hat to two nuns, guiltily hurrying to overtake Ratso at
text: ibis father's grave, indistinguishable from the other graves
text: except for the name on the headstone. Ratso places the floral
text: piece on the grave with almost absurd solemnity. Joe laughs.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Kee-rist, you sure are one twisty
dialog: little bastard, Ratso.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: The name's Rico, at my own father's
dialog: grave, a man deserves some respect.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Respect shee-it! You even steal
dialog: flowers for his grave.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Can he smell the difference, eh?
text: Joe reads from the ribbon on the floral display.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, uh, he dam well know he ain't
dialog: 'be-loved Aunt Winifred'.
speaker_heading: RATSO
text: He can't read. Even dumber than
dialog: you. Couldn't write his own name. X
dialog: -- that's what it ought to say
dialog: there on that goddam headstone. One
dialog: big lousy X like our flat.
text: Condemned. By order of City Hall.
text: Joe is frowning, standing at the,headstone, momentarily
text: depressed with an undefined sorrow.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: My Grammaw Sally Buck, she died
dialog: without letting me know.
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY BUCK'S BEAUTY SALON - DAY
text: Through the window, past the FOR RENT sign, the tarnishing
text: driers are lined up like tombstones.
scene_heading: EXT. JEWISH CEMETERY - DAY
text: Joe frowns, puzzled, as Ratso pulls out a black skullcap,
text: leading Joe toward a group of professional mourners,
dialog: whispering:
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Just keep your hat on and cry a
dialog: little. They tip you when it's
dialog: over.
text: Joe and Ratso join the mourners as the funeral moves to the
text: grave, Ratso mouthing an authentic double-talk...
text: ... Joe standing self-consciously, aware of the covert
text: glances of the other mourners, automatically reaching up to
text: remove his hat, remembering when Ratso elbows him in the
dialog: ribs...
text: ... Joe scowling, tight-lipped, embarrassed by the tip that
text: is thrust in his hand.
scene_heading: INT. LUNCH COUNTER - EVENING
text: A weary Santa Claus, in a rented beard and over-large
text: costume, warms his hands over the steam of his coffee cup.
text: Joe and Ratso are arguing farther down the counter.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Just ain't right, cheating someone
dialog: dead and can't cheat back.
text: In the background, as Ratso speaks, HANSEL and GRETEL
text: MACALBERTSON enter the lunch counter, inspecting the
text: customers one by one. Both wear black turtlenecks and jeans,
text: dressed as twins, both blond and pretty.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: You and my old man. Same kinda
dialog: mind. Putting me down till the day
dialog: he died...
dialog: (mimics)
dialog: ... why can't you be like your
dialog: brothers? Sons a father could be
dialog: proud of. Yeah, sure. My brothers.
dialog: Too goddam busy making something of
dialog: themselves to show up when the old
dialog: man's dying!
text: Conditioned reflex, Ratso starts to cough. Joe sees the
text: MacAlbertsons in the mirror, standing behind him, studying
text: him. Gretel nods, Hansel hands Joe a large black card,
text: smiling vaguely, then moves on.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: What was that all about?
text: Joe studies the black card, frowning at first, suddenly
text: smiling, turning as if to call after the MacAlbertsons, but
text: they are disappearing around the corner. Joe hands the card
dialog: to Ratso.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You wanna read something, read
dialog: this. I been invited somewhere.
text: Shocking pink letters on the black card read YOU ARE INVITED
scene_heading: TO HELP US BURY LOVE -- TONIGHT AT BROADWAY AND HARMONY LANE
scene_heading: - HANSEL AND GRETEL MACALBERTSON.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: They picked me. The only one in the
dialog: whole goddam place. You see how
dialog: they looked me over, up and down
dialog: before they give me that?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: So?
text: Joe sees a young man washing cups behind the counter. Joe
text: shakes his head, wonderingly, turning to study himself in the
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, this thought just struck me.
dialog: It wasn't too long ago I was
dialog: washing dishes way the hell
text: somewhere in Texas.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Yeah, well, so?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Now I'm here. I'm in New York City.
dialog: Getting picked for things. Don't
dialog: you see what I'm driving at?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: What you're driving at, you want me
dialog: to get lost so you can go to your
dialog: fancy-ass party.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Did I say that? Did I?
dialog: (studies card)
dialog: It don't say nothing about you...
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Don't say nothing about you either.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: But they picked me, right? So what
dialog: I'll do, I'll just say, now look,
dialog: you want me? Well, I don't go
dialog: nowhere without my buddy here.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Well, what the hell, I got nothing
dialog: better to do.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Snow swirls in the aureole of a street light as Joe and Ratso
text: run, heads lowered, turning into...
scene_heading: INT. LOFT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: ... a drab entrance hall, dimly lit -- signs identifying
text: various commercial tenants -- a pink-on-black placard reading
text: MACALBERTSON, TWO FLIGHTS UP. Joe has started up before he
text: notices Ratso, leaning on the bannister at the foot of the
text: stairs, struggling to catch his breath. His face and hair are
text: wet with perspiration, his lips lavender-blue.
text: In swift flashes -- intercut -- Joe reads the panic in
text: Ratso's eyes, so intense that Joe shares it, unable to speak
dialog: or offer reassurance.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Better dry your hair some. You
dialog: sweating all over the goddam place.
text: Joe pulls out his shirttail, grabs Ratso by the neck and rubs
text: his head dry.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: You got a comb?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Don't need a comb.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Few dozen cooties won't kill me,
dialog: don't guess.
text: Joe hands Ratso his own comb. Ratso swipes at his tangled
text: hair angrily until two teeth break in the comb. He hands the
text: comb back, tugs at his hair with his fingers, pats it in
text: place, then looks back into Joe's eyes.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Okay? I look okay?
text: In a moment of silence, distant sounds can be heard -- a
text: siren, the grinding teeth of a garbage truck, the twang of an
text: electric guitar upstairs at the party -- then Ratso makes a
text: quick gesture of impatience and starts up the stairs, pulling
text: himself on the bannister.
scene_heading: INT. MACALBERTSONS' LOFT - NIGHT
text: A bank of lights blinds Joe and Ratso as they enter --
text: electronic rock blasts their ears -- a bearded cameraman on a
text: step-ladder photographs them as they stand confused -- facing
text: a monstrous collage of tabloid photos blown up, showing the
text: murder of a hippie known as Groovy -- in-huge black letters,
text: LOVE WAS GROOVY -- GROOVY IS DEAD. Joe shouts over the
text: amplified music.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Better get a hold of someone and
dialog: tell them I'm here.
text: Ratso points to his ear -- he can't hear -- following Joe
text: across the room. The huge loft is crowded with a random
dialog: selection, gathered to serve as dress extras in an
text: underground film. The party is the scene. The MacAlbertsons
dialog: merely supply the ingredients and allow it to happen, with
text: cameras strategically placed to record the happening...
text: ... Hansel with tape recorder, Gretel with hand-held camera
text: drifting through the crowd -- catching words and images in a
text: detached, whimsical fashion. Gretel turns her camera on Joe
text: and Ratso as they approach.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I made it. This here is Ratso
dialog: Rizzo and I...
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Rico. Rico Rizzo.
text: Gretel smiles without recognition. Hansel gestures vaguely.
speaker_heading: HANSEL
dialog: Do you need anything? I mean
dialog: there's beer and so forth. Whatever
dialog: your thing is...
text: The twins move away together, pausing to confer with the
text: operator of a tripod camera -- focused on an emaciated flower
text: girl with long hair and dirty feet, stretched in a
text: sarcophagus, clutching a dead daffodil, her eyes glazed.
text: Scrawled in huge letters on the wall over her head -- LOVE!
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: If you want the word on that
dialog: brother and sister act, I'll give
dialog: you the word. That Hansel's a fag
dialog: and Gretel's got the hots for
dialog: herself. So who cares, right? Load
dialog: up on the salami...
text: Ratso heads for the refreshment table. Joe starts after him
text: but pauses, intrigued by an alcove under the balcony where a
text: light show is in progress -- surreal images of naked bodies
text: projected against abstract currents of color and strobe
dialog: light...
text: ... a bored fat lady in a muu-muu, squatted like a Buddha at
text: a low table, rolling joints for the guests.
text: She lights a joint and offers it to Joe as he wanders in to
text: watch the show. Joe laughs delightedly when he realizes what
dialog: it is...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it, this is one helluva party!
text: ... glancing around at the others, imitating their techniques
text: -- the quick inhaler, who follows with sharp gulps of air -
text: the deep inhalers who draw air as they inhale -- the stylist
text: who lets the smoke drift out and inhales through the nostrils
text: -- Joe puffing himself slightly dizzy, starting to laugh at
text: the silent flick effect of the strobe light -- the action
text: around him slowing almost imperceptibly, overcranked -- a
text: veil of smoke hanging over the fat woman's face, transforming
text: her into a laughing witch -- a similar veil around Joe's
text: head, relaxing the self-conscious tension of his face,
text: spontaneously curious about the play of light on his hand,
dialog: grinning at...
text: ... a serious young technician handling the light show,
text: scattering psychedelic stars across a sky of magenta flesh...
text: ... Joe reaching for the stars as he rises and wanders back
text: to the crowded loft, fascinated to see...
text: ... a crew with cameras and lights, on the balcony at one end
text: of the loft, photographing the scene below...
text: ... a dark-haired lady by the name of SHIRLEY -- chic in the
text: style of a gangster's moll -- drinking beer from the bottle,
text: predatory eyes searching the crowd...
text: ... Ratso surreptitiously stuffing his pockets from the
text: buffet table, glancing nervously over his shoulder, unaware
text: of Gretel and her hand-held camera, photographing Ratso as he
text: steals, turning away casually, disinterested...
text: ... Joe laughing as he dances for a moment with a tall black
text: girl -- the lights swinging around them -- faces swimming...
text: ... Shirley in fleeting close-up, gone in an instant,
text: reappearing...
scene_heading: INT. MACALBERTSON BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: ... her face in the mirror smiling in a dark, provocative way
text: -- Joe standing at the bathroom door, forgetting to be
text: embarrassed as Shirley turns away from the mirror,
text: unhurriedly, running her fingers through her hair, boldly
text: meeting Joe's eyes.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: I can tell, can't you?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeah, oh yeah.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: What'll we do? Leave now or what?
dialog: Your place or mine? Oh God, the
dialog: second I looked at you I knew. Did
dialog: you?
text: Joe grins, watching Shirley's lips move, unable to keep her
text: in sync, startled to hear Ratso's voice.
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
dialog: She's hooked...
scene_heading: INT. MACALBERTSONS' LOFT - NIGHT
text: Joe realizes he is back at the party, Ratso whispering
text: hoarsely.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: ... I'd say she was good for ten
dialog: bucks, but I'll ask for twenty...
text: But Joe is watching with terrible fascination as Hansel and
text: Gretel lift the flower girl from her sarcophagus.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY'S VOICE
dialog: Did you know? We were going to make
dialog: it?
text: Joe glances down to see himself flanked by Ratso and Shirley.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: You really want to do business?
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Who's he? Oh God! Don't tell me you
dialog: two are a couple -- ?
text: The flower girl, hypnotically dazed, accepts a broom dipped
text: in black paint and smears a huge X across LOVE. Joe laughs.
speaker_heading: HANSEL'S VOICE
dialog: Why are you laughing, Joe?
text: Hansel holds a microphone toward Joe, who shrugs, grinning at
text: Ratso and Shirley. Gretel's camera moves down Joe's body.
speaker_heading: HANSEL
dialog: Are you for real, Joe?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, I ain't a f'real cowboy, but
dialog: I'm one hell of a stud!
text: Shirley glances at Ratso, who nods, whispering in her ear.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: A very expensive stud. And I happen
dialog: to be his manager.
text: The scene -- from Joe's viewpoint -- becomes increasingly
text: confusing and fragmented, dialogue and image moving in and
text: out of focus, cameras and lights surrounding him, keeping the
text: center of attention in his own blown mind...
text: ... Shirley's eyes unnaturally bright, inspecting his body,
text: lingering on his thighs, moistening her lips...
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: It's too much -- to come face to
text: face with a walking talking sex
dialog: fantasy -- to buy a man's -- God!
text: ... the tall black girl dancing in stroble light, starting to
text: remove her clothes -- Gretel following her with a camera...
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY'S VOICE
dialog: I can't wait to tell my man Monday.
dialog: I should be taking notes. Look at
dialog: my arm!
text: ... Shirley's talon-like fingernails caressing the gooseflesh
text: on her tanned arm...
speaker_heading: RATSO'S VOICE
text: I gotta sit down. I feel crummy.
text: Ratso stretched out on a Victorian love seat -- the flower
text: girl walking unsteadily, passing out dead daffodils, placing
text: one in Ratso's hand Gretel photographing his reaction...
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY'S VOICE
dialog: Eat it -- a man in your line of
dialog: work has to keep his strength up...
text: ... Shirley bringing Joe a massive sandwich on a paper plate,
text: watching him bite into it...
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: It's fantastic, now I know,
dialog: everything you do has sexual
dialog: implications.
dialog: If I you know, bought it -- could I
dialog: take pictures of you naked? That's
dialog: part of it, isn't it, kinky kinda
dialog: things?
text: ... the tall black girl and a few others are trying to
text: promote an orgy. A scrofulous old wino dances spastically,
text: working his toothless gums, preparing to expose himself to
text: two girls dancing together...
speaker_heading: HANSEL'S VOICE
dialog: We want you, Joe. You've been
dialog: chosen.
text: ... five youths stand beside the sarcophagus -- two sailors,
text: two cycle freaks, a weight-lifter -- waiting to be
text: pallbearers. Joe joins them. All lights and cameras are
text: turned on the slow funeral procession, carrying the flower
text: girl out of the loft to the tune of "Moonlight and Roses".
text: Strobe light adds to the unreality of the scene...
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY'S VOICE
dialog: I had a thing for him. Before I
dialog: knew. Why should knowing make it
dialog: more of a thing?
text: ... Shirley talks to Gretel as she photographs the funeral.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Naturally I'll have to ask myself
dialog: why a cowboy? And why a cowboy
dialog: whore? But not tonight.
scene_heading: INT. MACALBERTSON LANDING - NIGHT
text: Shirley is pulling her coat out of the pile on the bannister.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Incidentally, how much is this
dialog: going to cost me anyway?
text: Joe turns to Ratso, whose attention is fixed on the coats.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Tell her, Ratso.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Twenty bucks...
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Sold. Let's go.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: ... and taxi fare for me.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Get lost.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I agree. And for that service I
dialog: charge one dollar taxi fare.
text: She takes a dollar from her purse and hands it to Ratso,
text: takes Joe's arm and starts down the stairs. Ratso lingers,
text: starting quickly through the coats, frisking them for loose
dialog: change.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT BUILDING LOBBY - NIGHT
text: At the foot of the stairs, Shirley kisses Joe violently.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Your name's Joe. Which is fabulous.
dialog: Joe could be anyone. Kiss me, Joe,
dialog: move over, Joe, go away, Joe. It's
dialog: just perfect.
text: They glance up as Ratso appears, swinging down too rapidly on
text: the bannister. He misses a step and falls -- a clown's fall,
text: unable to stop but apparently not hurting himself. Shirley
text: and Joe are laughing when Ratso lands at the foot of the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: He fell. Hey, fella, you fell. Is
dialog: he all right?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: (rises, mimics)
dialog: Is he all right!
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, if you're awright, why you
dialog: hanging on the bannister. Can you
dialog: walk or not?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Walk? Naturally I can walk.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: He's got taxi fare.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Sure you're all right?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: I said yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
scene_heading: INT. TAXICAB - NIGHT
text: Joe and Shirley are kissing. Shirley rolls away, flushed,
text: fanning herself. Joe rolls down the window.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE STREET - NIGHT
text: Joe leans out of the taxi window, waving his Stetson,
text: bellowing at the snow.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Whoopee ti yi yo...!
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Ratso makes his way slowly from the building to the curb,
text: whistling between his teeth sharply, hailing a cab. The cab
text: slows to a stop. Then the driver sees Ratso, shifts into gear
text: and drives on. Ratso bites his thumb after the cab, rests for
text: a moment on the lamp post, then starts painfully inching his
text: way along the deserted street.
scene_heading: INT. SHIRLEY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Joe lies on his back, staring fixedly at a fragile mobile
text: hanging from the ceiling, stirring listlessly.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY'S VOICE
dialog: That happens. Don't worry about
dialog: it...
text: Shirley leans on one elbow, looking at Joe sympathetically,
text: fighting an almost irrepressible desire to laugh. Still
text: avoiding Shirley's eyes, Joe finds a cigarette on the side
text: table, searches for matches.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, that's something never
dialog: happened to me before, you can bet
dialog: your bottom dollar. Uh, where's the
dialog: matches, ma'am?
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Top drawer. Maybe if you didn't
dialog: call me ma'am, things would work
dialog: out better.
text: Joe finds the matches, lights up and lies back, staring at
text: the mobile as he smokes, still not looking at Shirley.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: First goddam, time it ever quit on
dialog: me. Fact.
text: The repressed laugh finally breaks through. Shirley stifles
text: it quickly as Joe sits up, looking at her.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: You think I'm lying!
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: (controls herself)
dialog: No. Of course not. Just something
dialog: struck me funny...
text: Close on Joe -- watching Shirley closely, reacting.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY'S VOICE
dialog: I just put myself in your shoes. I
text: had this image of a bugler without
text: a horn, a policeman without a
dialog: stick, etcetera, etcetera and I...
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: I think I'd better shut up, I'm
dialog: making it worse.
text: Shirley composes her face, reaching out to touch Joe. But
text: that doesn't help either. He reacts sharply.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Maybe we should take a little nap,
dialog: see what happens?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I ain't sleepy.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: I know. Scribbage!
text: Extreme close-up of Joe -- frowning, puzzled...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it...
text: ... camera pulling back to show Joe concentrating on a game,
text: spread out on the sheet, consisting of nine dice lettered on
dialog: all sides, the object being to build as many words as
text: possible, Scrabble fashion, while a sand timer counts the
text: seconds. Shirley watches Joe's efforts to think with
text: sympathetic amusement. The only word Joe has composed so far
speaker_heading: is MAN.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: That's pretty Freudian, Joe.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What? It's a perfectly good word,
dialog: ain't it. How much time I got?
dialog: (glances up)
dialog: Goddam sand thing drive you crazy.
dialog: Kee-rist. Spelling never was a very
dialog: strong point with me. Even in
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: If you didn't talk so much, maybe
dialog: you could think more.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Talking helps. Don't talk, you get
dialog: muddled in your head. Hey! Now you
dialog: just look at this here!
text: Joe spells out MONY, down from the M in MAN.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: There's an E in MONEY. If that's
dialog: your word.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: M-O-N-Y -- I'm right! That's just
dialog: exactly how they spell it up there
dialog: on that big building, bet you could
dialog: see it from here. M-O-N-Y.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: (stifles giggle)
dialog: Okay. Never argue with a man.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Y -- what in hell starts with Y?
text: Shirley slyly trails the tips of her fingernails across Joe's
text: chest as she leans over to study the game, breathing softly
text: into his ear as she speaks.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: It can end in Y day, pay, lay --
dialog: hey, pay lay!
text: One predatory hand rests on his knee -- as if by accident -
text: disarranging the sheet, talon nails lightly brushing his
dialog: thigh.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Cut it out. That's cheating,
dialog: teasing me so I can't think.
dialog: Just one bitsy Y word and I gonna
dialog: beat you!
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: You gonna beat me, Joe?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Beat your butt, you don't lemme
dialog: think!
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Gay ends in Y. Fey. You like that --
dialog: gay fey -- is that your problem?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I show you what problem --
text: But the end of his sentence is swallowed by Shirley, taking
text: his kiss in her open mouth, crushed by its impact, an animal
text: noise snarling deep in her throat -- the agonized alley cat
text: wail of pleasure -- Joe's problem is solved. Joe's love theme
text: swells triumphant. At the same time, Shirley half-rises,
text: trying to force Joe's head down, her own on top. The issue is
text: joined. Shirley has named the game. Her objective is to force
text: Joe onto his back. Joe's objective is to retain his
text: initiative. Camera ignores the classic action on the central
text: front, concentrating exclusively on peripheral tactical
dialog: maneuvers...
text: ... Joe's elbows pinning her shoulders...
text: ... her eyes bright, accepting the challenge...
text: ... his tight smile revealing clenched teeth...
text: ... her fingers searching out then tickling his underarm...
text: ... Joe laughing as he falls lopsidedly...
text: ... Shirley laughing triumphantly...
text: ... his hand closing on her wrist...
text: ... her talon-nails clawing the air...
text: ... her toes walking up his calf...
text: ... her legs suddenly locking around his knees...
text: ... her free hand grabbing his hair...
text: ... her shoulder rising as she forces his head back...
text: ... her lips pressing down on his...
text: ... his hand swatting an unidentified mass of flesh...
text: ... her eyes popping, teeth clamping his ear lobe...
dialog: ... his hand catching her ankle...
text: ... her teeth losing the ear lobe as she screams...
text: ... her foot appearing upside down beside her face...
text: ... her talon-nails furrowing flesh, drawing blood...
text: ... his head rearing back, roaring...
text: ... both rolling to the floor, out of view...
text: ... her feet suddenly flying up into view...
text: ... her hand tugging rhythmically at the blanket...
text: ... her other hand wildly exploring Joe's back...
text: ... her ankles locking spasmodically...
text: ... her eyes and mouth wide, gaping...
text: ... the blanket suddenly ripping free, flying into the air as
text: her arm flings itself around Joe...
text: ... the bedclothes spilling down around them, muffling her
text: ascending shrieks.
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Whoopee ti yi yo...
scene_heading: INT. SHIRLEY'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Shirley has difficulty reverting to her nine-to-five role as
text: a Madison Avenue career girl. Half-dressed for work, she is
text: talking on the telephone, her eyes on the open door to the
text: bathroom, through which Joe's voice continues singing.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Well, I really can't talk now, if
dialog: you know what I mean, but believe
dialog: me when I say, Myra, it's an
dialog: experience every emancipated woman
dialog: owes herself. I'm not. I'm not
dialog: exaggerating. Well, what's Phil's
dialog: poker night?
dialog: (yells off)
dialog: Joe -- are you available next
dialog: Thursday, eight-thirty?
scene_heading: INT. SHIRLEY'S BATHROOM - MORNING
text: Thoroughly shaved, bathed and groomed, Joe is sprinkling an
text: expensive cologne into his boots. He yells back
text: enthusiastically.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, lemme think now, Thursday,
dialog: eight-thirty, yeah, I guess I could
dialog: be available. Hell, yeah.
scene_heading: INT. SHIRLEY'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Shirley turns back to the phone. Joe appears, grinning.
speaker_heading: SHIRLEY
dialog: Why don't you just come here? I'll
dialog: be working every night this week.
dialog: I'll leave a key with the super...
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Well, ma'am -- Shirley -- I sure
dialog: hate to trouble you, but...
text: Shirley opens her purse, savoring the moment. As she places
text: the money in Joe's hand...
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S STORE - DAY
text: ... Joe slaps a bill on the counter, admiring a fine new
text: cowboy shirt in the mirror, wriggling new white socks into
text: his boots. Suddenly remembering, he goes to the sock rack and
text: buys two pairs, one large and one small. Gradually
text: dominating, Joe's love theme recurs, continuing over...
scene_heading: INT. CHAIN DRUG STORE - DAY
text: ... Joe slaps down money to pay for an assortment of
dialog: medicine.
scene_heading: INT. CONDEMNED TENEMENT - DAY
text: Joe takes the stairs two at a time to burst in on...
scene_heading: INT. X FLAT - DAY
text: ... Ratso huddled in the overstuffed chair -- wearing the
text: stolen sheepskin coat -- wrapped in blankets, his teeth
text: chattering, in spite of the sweat on his forehead. Joe stops
text: abruptly, his mood shattered by Ratso's alarming condition.
text: They simply stare at each other for a moment, then Joe turns
text: away to see soup heating on the Sterno stove. Joe tosses one
text: of his paper bags onto Ratso's lap...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: See what you think of that crap.
dialog: I'll pour your soup. Got some of
dialog: that junk you like to swill, too.
dialog: Mentholatum. Aspirin. All that shee
dialog: it...
text: Ratso opens the paper bag, trying to control his shivering,
text: pulling out the socks and a suit of long underwear. He sees
text: Joe watching him for a reaction. The best Ratso can do is a
text: slight shake of his head.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: They wrong?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: No. But while you was buying the
dialog: underwear, I could have lifted the
dialog: socks.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You couldn't lift fly specks from a
dialog: sugar bowl. Can you hold this?
text: Joe hands Ratso the soup. Ratso seems steadied by the warmth
text: in his hands. He nods, sipping the soup.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: But thanks.
dialog: (hesitates, then)
dialog: Hey, Joe, don't get sore about this
dialog: or anything. You promise?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Well, I don't think I can walk.
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I mean, I been falling down a lot
dialog: and, uh...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: And what?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I'm scared.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What of?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: What'll happen. I mean what they do
dialog: to, you know, do with you -- if you
dialog: can't -- ah, Christ!
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I don't know. Cops. Or the -- how
dialog: should I know?
text: Ratso is trembling so violently that the sou, starts to slop
text: over. Joe takes it and sets it on the table.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Okay. Here it is. You gonna go see
dialog: the doctor. I got nine bucks and
dialog: twenty more Thursday and I gonna be
dialog: riding high before you know it. So
dialog: you gonna get you the best goddam
dialog: doctor in this town and get
dialog: yourself straightened out, that's
dialog: what.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: No doctors. No, sir. Not me.
dialog: Doctors are like goddam auto
dialog: mechanics. Fix one-thing, unplug
dialog: another. Operate for piles and
text: while they're there, they unscrew
dialog: your liver. My old man, for God's
dialog: sake, wasn't any sicker'n I am when
dialog: he went to the doctor.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, just exactly what the hell
dialog: you think you're gonna do? Die on
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I'm going to Florida, that's my
dialog: only chance.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You know what's wrong with you? You
dialog: got fevers. You kinky as a bedbug.
dialog: How you gonna get to Florida?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I'll find the money. If you just
dialog: get me on the bus, that's all I
dialog: ask.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Just when everything's going my
dialog: way, you gotta pull a stunt like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I don't even want you to go.
dialog: Whaddya think of that? I got other
dialog: plans for my life than dragging
dialog: around some dumb cowboy that thinks
dialog: he's God's gift to women. One
text: twenty-buck trick and he's already
dialog: the biggest stud in New York City.
dialog: It's laughable.
text: Joe sets his Stetson on his head.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: When I put you on that bus down to
dialog: Florida tonight, that'll be the
dialog: happiest day of my life!
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Joe strikes a match with his thumbnail and watches it curl
text: away while he waits, hearing a phone ring. Then the phone is
text: answered by a woman's voice.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey, Shirley... Miss who? Oh, yeah,
dialog: well, when will Missus Gardner be
dialog: home? ... I'm a friend of hers, a
dialog: goddam good friend... Shee-it, I
dialog: can't wait till then...
text: Joe hangs up while the answering service's voice is still
text: talking. The match has burned out. Joe flips it away.
speaker_heading: INSERT
scene_heading: Headline -- WALTER P. BOX TAKES NEW YORK BY SURPRISE.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMES SQUARE - DUSK
text: Joe loiters outside a gag headline print shop, his eyes
text: following a man in homburg and chesterfield.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. METROPOLE - DUSK
text: Joe lingers momentarily, identifying with the violence in a
text: jazz drummer, his eyes searching for a pickup.
scene_heading: INT. ARCADE - DUSK
text: Joe tests his skills in a shoot-down with a large metal
text: cowboy and kills him, a recorded voice sneaks, "Got me!" as
text: the cowboy slumps. Joe glances off as he hears polite
dialog: applause...
speaker_heading: TOWNY'S VOICE
dialog: Bravo...
text: ... TOWNY -- a stout, round-faced man -- clasps Joe's hand
text: between both of his own, like an old friend.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: How are you?
dialog: (more quietly)
dialog: Townsend P. Locke, from Chicago.
dialog: Call me Towny. I'm here to attend a
dialog: paper manufacturers' convention
dialog: and, frankly, to have a little fun,
dialog: dammit...
text: Towny grips Joe's elbow, almost forcibly leading him away.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET WEST OF BROADWAY - DUSK
text: Towny's face appears huge at Joe's shoulder.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: This is my first night in town and
dialog: I'll consider it a ghastly omen
dialog: clouding my entire ten days, if you
dialog: don't consent to have dinner with
dialog: me. Anywhere you like...
text: Towny's mouth continues speaking at an incredible rate, but
text: his words are drowned out momentarily by the grinder of a
text: sanitation truck, chewing up a discarded Christmas tree with
text: tinsel clinging to it. Towny is still talking when they've
text: passed the truck.
speaker_heading: TOWNY (CONT'D)
dialog: ... never mind how you're dressed.
dialog: They know me. I'll say you're with
dialog: the rodeo. There's always a rodeo
dialog: in New York, dammit. Besides, you
dialog: look very elegant...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - NIGHT
text: Joe hardly notices O'Daniel on a far cornet, his whining
text: scarcely audible.
dialog: "Ye are the salt of the earth, Jesus said, but if the salt
dialog: hath lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted?"
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: But, dammit all, I just remembered,
dialog: we'll have to eat in my room
dialog: because I have this phone call
dialog: coming at nine-thirty...
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S HOTEL ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: An ancient open cage lift.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: What I like about you, you're such
dialog: a wonderful conversationalist. So
dialog: won't that be nice to have dinner
dialog: sent up?
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S HOTEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: A threadbare, carpeted but spacious hallway.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: Fifty years ago this was the only
dialog: hotel in Manhattan. My mother
dialog: always calls me at her bedtime, so
dialog: I've got to be there.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BEDROOM-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room has little to recommend it except its size and large
text: French window, through which -- ignored by Joe -- the Mutual
text: tower flashes MONY. Towny waves Joe toward the couch, quickly
dialog: slipping several physical culture magazines from the coffee
text: table onto a shelf beneath.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: A drink? I've got some nice gin. If
dialog: you'd prefer something else,
dialog: they'll send it up...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Gin's okay.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: It's so exciting. New York. The mad
dialog: forward thrust of everything. My
dialog: sense of time here is completely
dialog: altered.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT STAIRS - DAY
text: Joe carries Ratso down the stairs, wrapped in a blanket.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BEDROOM-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The coffee table is littered with empty cartons of Chinese
text: food, soaked through with brown sauce. Joe finds the last egg
text: roll and eats it as Towny's voice drones on.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: Sometimes it seems to me time
dialog: stopped twenty years ago. There was
dialog: this war, there was this handsome
text: young man with quite black hair and
dialog: he was supposed to die. But he
dialog: didn't. Isn't that amusing?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What?
text: Towny's dialogue moves out of sync. Towny's eyes seem to look
text: into camera -- from Joe's viewpoint -- but slightly past it.
text: The quality of the scene grows increasingly disjointed as Joe
text: glances around the room, looking for something to steal,
text: losing personal contact with Towny, viewing him as an object
dialog: to be used for a specific purpose.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: Enough about me. I'm through
dialog: talking for the evening. Now I want
dialog: to hear about conditions in the
text: West. The romance of the West holds
dialog: a tremendous power over me. Mother
dialog: was actually a pioneer woman, can
dialog: you believe it? When she calls,
dialog: I'll introduce you and she'll be so
dialog: thrilled.
scene_heading: EXT. TENEMENT NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: Ratso sits an a stoop while Joe hails a cab.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Towny's voice is only a shrill monotone from here, Joe
text: searches with increasing desperation for something of value.
text: An old electric razor is too bulky for Joe's pocket, probably
dialog: worthless anyhow. Towny's array of medicines merely recalls
dialog: Joe's purpose.
speaker_heading: TOWNY'S VOICE
dialog: Mama, a coincidence. Guess who was
text: being discussed. Discussed. Not
dialog: disgusted. Discussed! Do you have
dialog: that thing turned up? Why aren't
dialog: you wearing it! This is impossible!
scene_heading: EXT. GREYHOUND BUS TERMINAL - DAY
text: Joe lifts Ratso from the taxi and carries him inside.
speaker_heading: JOE'S VOICE
dialog: Listen, Towny, did I mention I got
dialog: a sick kid?
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Joe is rehearsing the speech in the bathroom mirror.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, he is, he's sicker'n shee-it.
dialog: And I've gotta get him South quick
dialog: as I can...
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS TERMINAL - DAY
text: Joe stands in a long line, glancing impatiently at the clock
text: while Ratso waits on a bench, wrapped in his blanket.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BEDROOM-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Towny is stretched out on the couch, staring morosely.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: I was so childish with her.
text: Joe moves into frame past camera, standing in front of him,
text: so that we can see the scene from behind Joe's waist.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What d'you want?
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What you got me up here for?
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: Oh, difficult, it's so difficult.
dialog: You're a nice person, Joe -- I
dialog: should never have asked you up -- a
dialog: lovely person. Oh, how I loathe
dialog: life. I loathe it. Please go.
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You want me to leave?
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: No, yes. No, I mean yes please go.
dialog: Help me to be good. Come back
dialog: tomorrow. Promise.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm going to Florida.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: This is terrible. I meet someone
dialog: who -- then -- wait, I want to give
dialog: you a present. For your trip.
dialog: You'll let me please...
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS TERMINAL - DAY
text: Joe's face is expectant, next in line at the ticket window.
text: He nods reassuringly toward Ratso.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BEDROOM-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Joe's face is puzzled then angry as Towny takes a Saint
text: Christopher medal from his sack and hands it to Joe. His eyes
text: are looking past Joe, his speech out of sync.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: Please take it. You don't have to
dialog: be Catholic. Saint Christopher is
dialog: the patron saint of all travelers.
dialog: I want you to have it. For helping
dialog: me be good.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS TERMINAL - DAY
text: It's Joe's turn. The clerk looks at him expectantly.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BEDROOM-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Joe's voice is angry.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Listen, I gotta have money.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: Oh. Yes. Of course. I should have
dialog: thought. You shouldn't have to ask.
dialog: That was thoughtless of me. Yes.
dialog: Wait here...
text: Towny hurries across the room to the bedside table. Beside
text: the telephone is a picture of a prosperous pioneer woman
text: wearing a hearing-aid.
text: Towny tries to conceal his movements as he takes a wallet
text: from the drawer, lifts out a bill and tucks the wallet back
text: and turns -- terrified to see Joe close behind him -- almost
text: knocking the lamp off the table in his fright. Pressed
text: against the table, protecting but calling attention to his
text: wallet, Towny holds out the bill.
speaker_heading: TOWNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Don't even thank me.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (takes the bill)
dialog: I gotta have more'n ten. I gotta
dialog: have fifty-seven dollars.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: I simply don't have it, Joe.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Get outta my way.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: You're wasting your time. There's
dialog: nothing in there.
text: Towny clutches the table, staring at Joe, shaking his head
text: like a bad little boy. Joe backhands him angrily. Trying to
text: duck the blow, Towny stumbles and slips to the floor, but
text: grabs the table in his arms, watching Joe out of the corner
text: of his eyes, whimpering. Joe grabs his hair, turning his face
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: Let go. Let go of the table.
text: Joe slaps him, but Towny clings more fiercely to the table as
text: Joe tries to jerk it free. Joe strikes him with his fist.
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: I deserved that, I know I did.
text: But he clutches the table wildly. His mother's picture falls
text: unnoticed. Joe stands in panic, sickened, unable to fulfill
dialog: the role Towny has assigned him.
speaker_heading: TOWNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I brought this on myself. I'm
dialog: bleeding, my nose is bleeding,
dialog: isn't it?
text: Towny's eyes shine, teeth clenched in a crazy smile, blood
text: trickling from his nose. Suddenly Joe jerks the lamp free of
text: its socket.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You wanna gimme fifty-seven dollars
dialog: or you wanna busted skull?
text: Towny simply stares at the lamp.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please let go of that table.
text: Joe threatens, swings the lamp down, but stops short of
text: hitting Towny. Towny shrieks -- eyes rolling back as he falls
text: limp -- loosing his grip on the table, leaning on the bed,
text: laughing and crying hysterically. Joe has to step over him to
text: reach the wallet in the drawer. He takes all the money --
text: probably twice what he needs -- desperate to get out of the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS TERMINAL - DAY
text: Joe carries Ratso up the steps onto the bus.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BEDROOM-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Towny's shrill little whisper says...
speaker_heading: TOWNY
dialog: Thank you, Joe.
text: ... provoking Joe to glance back. Towny is reaching for the
text: telephone, his eyes on Joe with wild brightness, holding his
text: hand on the receiver. Joe knocks the phone from his hand,
text: hits Towny in the mouth, jerks the cord from the wall as
text: Towny falls -- gagging -- finally dislodging his dentures on
text: the carpet. Joe stands sick and confused, holding the useless
text: phone in two hands...
scene_heading: EXT. GREYHOUND BUS TERMINAL - DAY
text: The bus driver revs the powerful engine, shifting gears.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNY'S BEDROOM-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: ... Joe is about to hang the dead receiver on its hook when
text: on sudden impulse -- he shoves the small end of the receiver
text: into the toothless mouth of the man on the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN TUNNEL - DAY
text: The bus roars into the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS - DAY
text: Joe and Ratso sit near the rear of the bus. Ratso's teeth
text: chatter, wrapped in the blanket.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Thirty-one hours.
text: They ride a few moments in silence.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
text: The trip is. Nine-thirty in the
dialog: morning we get there. Not this
dialog: morning but the next one at nine
dialog: thirty.
text: Both nod for a moment in silence.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: These guys're good drivers.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: They gotta be.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The bus tires sing as it speeds South.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS - DAY
text: Joe and Ratso have reversed places, putting Ratso by the
text: window. Joe watches a middle-aged couple try on their new
text: straw hats, unaware that Joe is watching them.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: You get your first palm tree in
dialog: South Carolina.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: How'n hell a dumb Bronx kid like
dialog: you know that?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I read it.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it. You believe all you read?
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The metal grating rings as the bus soars onto it.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS - NIGHT
text: Two aging young ladies in brand-new resort wear are casually
text: examining Joe, along with the other men on the bus, but Joe
text: is frowning at Ratso, who shivers despite the bright sun.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: If you have to shiver, why don't
dialog: you pull the blanket up more?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I been thinking. I hope we're not
dialog: gonna have a lotta trouble about my
dialog: name down there. Because like
dialog: what's the whole point of this trip
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Keep the goddam blanket on.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: I mean New York's one thing, but
dialog: can you see this guy, imagine it,
dialog: running around the goddam beach all
text: suntan and he's going in swimming,
dialog: like, and then somebody yells 'Hey,
dialog: Ratso' -- how does that sound to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Sounds like they knew you.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Sounds like crap, admit it. And I'm
dialog: not gonna have it. I'm Rico all the
dialog: time, okay, do you blame me? That's
dialog: agreed, okay? We're gonna tell all
dialog: these new people my name's Rico?
text: Joe nods. Ratso closes his eyes, momentarily at peace.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAWN
text: The bus passes a Florida hotel sign too swiftly to read it.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS - DAWN
text: Joe frowns in his sleep, awakens, lifts his Stetson to see
text: Ratso wide awake, in misery, wiping tears from his eyes.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey -- whatsa matter?
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: I'm wet.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You're what?
speaker_heading: RATSO
text: I wet my pants! My seat's all wet.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hell, don't cry about it!
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Here I am going to Florida and my
dialog: leg hurts, my butt hurts, my chest
dialog: hurts, my face hurts, and like that
dialog: ain't enough, I gotta pee all over
dialog: myself.
text: Joe laughs suddenly, uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: RATSO (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm falling apart, that's funny?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (nods, laughing)
dialog: You just -- just -- what happened,
dialog: you just had a little rest stop
dialog: wasn't on the schedule.
text: Ratso begins to laugh with Joe as if it were the funniest
text: thing they'd ever heard. Then Ratso's face pales as he starts
text: to choke and cough. Joe pats him on the back.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, what size pants you wear?
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL TOWN STREET - DAY
text: The bus is parked in the distance. Joe comes from a clothing
text: store, bare-headed, wearing plain slacks and sport-shirt. He
text: carries the boots, Stetson and cowboy suit in one hand, a
text: bundle under his arm. He dumps his cowboy regalia in the
text: trash bin of a sandwich stand and calls to the WAITRESS.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Couple crullers'n coffee to go.
text: The Waitress draws coffee, wraps crullers.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Where you from?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: New York.
text: Joe pays. She smiles, gives him change. Joe smiles, starts on
text: toward the bus, hardly aware that he has accomplished
text: something rare and remarkable for Joe -- a simple human
dialog: contact without fear or threat, a pleasant everyday
dialog: happening.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS - DAY
text: Joe and Ratso have moved to the seat farthest back, wider
text: than the others. Joe blocks the view of the other passengers
text: as he helps Ratso into a new pair of corduroy pants and a
text: Florida shirt. In the middle of the operation, Ratso dozes
text: off. Joe shakes his head, scowling, annoyed, but continues,
text: lifting Ratso enough to slide the pants around his waist.
text: Ratso awakens as Joe zips the fly.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Hey, what the hell you doing?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm zipping your fly, what the hell
dialog: you think I'm doing?
text: They both smile. It isn't funny enough to laugh at. Joe
text: arranges the blanket, takes out a package of cigarettes,
text: glances at Ratso and puts it away.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAVELING SHOT WITH BUS - DAY
text: Palm trees are streaking past the window. The sun is glaring
text: hot. A group of kids in bare feet and straw hats wave to the
text: bus as it passes.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS - DAY
text: Ratso's eyes squint in a dazed half-sleep. Joe leans across
text: to pull down the shade. He hesitates a moment, watching...
text: ... past his reflection, a group of young men on their way to
text: work, carrying lunch pails, dressed exactly as Joe is now
dialog: dressed...
text: ... then Joe lowers the blind and seats himself. Ratso nods
text: slightly, his voice practically inaudible.
speaker_heading: RATSO
dialog: Thanks, Joe.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shee-it, you know, I got this thing
dialog: all figured out, Ratso. I mean
dialog: Rico. When we get to Miami, what
dialog: I'll do, I'll go to work. I gotta
dialog: do that, 'cause see, I ain't no
dialog: kind of a hustler. I ain't even any
dialog: goddam good as a bum. I'm a
dialog: nothing, that's what I am. So
dialog: reckon I'd better go to work and
dialog: get me a goddam job. Okay?
text: Joe glances at Ratso, but there is no response.
text: Surreptitiously, Joe takes out a cigarette, turns his face
text: away from Ratso and lights it, hiding it cupped in his hand
text: as he smokes.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, guess that's what I'm gonna
dialog: do.
text: They ride for a moment in semi-darkness, Joe smoking, looking
text: at the other people on the bus, brighter without the shades
text: down. Joe turns, checking the blanket around Ratso, noticing
text: that Ratso is sitting in a peculiarly stiff, awkward
text: position. Joe leans over to straighten Ratso's head, blocking
text: our view for a moment. Then Joe leans back, frowning,
text: thoughtful. We still do not see Ratso's face. Joe rises
text: slowly, starting forward in the bus...
text: ... passing an older couple, a schoolgirl, two ladies with
text: straw hats, a young man trying to read, pausing when he
dialog: reaches...
text: ... the DRIVER, staring out at the Sunshine Parkway with the
text: Driver, leaning over so he won't have to speak too loudly.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Yes, sir?
speaker_heading: JOE,
text: My friend's dead in the back seat.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Your friend's what in the back
dialog: seat?
speaker_heading: JOE
text: Dead. Dead as a doornail.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Is this some kind of...
text: He glances at Joe, then pulls off the road and stands up.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, folks, everything's fine.
dialog: Nothing to worry about.
text: The passengers crane their necks as Joe follows the Driver to
text: the rear of the bus. The passengers at the rear are staring
text: ahead, trying not to see what is going on. The Driver touches
text: Ratso, straightens, touches his hat, but doesn't remove it.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Is he kin to you?
text: Joe nods no.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't you want to close his eyes?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Close them?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: Just reach over and close them.
dialog: That's all.
text: Joe closes Ratso's eyes.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess we'll just drive on, right?
dialog: Nothing else to do.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No, sir. Not till Miami. I'll see
dialog: to burying then.
text: The Driver moves to the front and turns to the passengers.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Just a little sickness, folks,
dialog: nothing serious. We'll be in
dialog: Miami...
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: ... in forty minutes.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS - DAY
text: Joe sits stiffly, very frightened, as the bus starts on. Then
text: he glances at Ratso, frowning, reaches out an arm and puts it
text: around Ratso, settling back, staring straight ahead.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
