speaker_heading: MIDWAY
dialog: written by
dialog: Wes Tooke
dialog: Centropolis Entertainment
dialog: The Mark Gordon Company
dialog: This is a true story.
dialog: Even the parts that seem like Hollywood bullshit.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
text: Faint splashes and the soothing sound of water lapping against
text: a shore. We slowly FADE IN to...
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY
text: Imagine a Japanese woodblock painting brought to life. Two
text: ducks bob in the water, a spectacular thatched pagoda rising
text: behind them. The trees blaze with the colors of late autumn.
text: Everything is peaceful and placid until --
text: SPLASH! Nets slam down between the ducks. As the birds burst
text: into flight, honking their displeasure, we realize that the
text: nets are connected to long bamboo handles.
text: Four men in military uniforms wield the odd contraptions:
text: two wear the blue of the Japanese navy and two are westerners.
scene_heading: SUPER: "HAMARIKYU DETACHED PALACE - NOVEMBER, 1937"
text: As the Japanese officers advance on a new pair of ducks,
text: CAPTAIN BERNARD RAWLINGS, 48, gives his net a disgusted look.
text: He speaks with an English accent.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN RAWLINGS
dialog: This is bloody ridiculous.
text: His companion, EDWIN LAYTON, 34, wears the uniform of a
text: lieutenant commander in the US Navy. Layton has a dry sense
text: of humor and a perpetual worried squint -- he sees trouble
text: lurking behind every corner.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Wasn't your empire built on ridiculous
dialog: traditions?
scene_heading: CAPTAIN RAWLINGS
dialog: Don't defend them, Layton. You might
dialog: speak their language, but they still
dialog: think you're a barbarian.
text: Layton gestures at their idyllic surroundings.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Be honest... won't you miss this
dialog: place when you're gone?
text: Rawlings snorts.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN RAWLINGS
dialog: The next time I see the little
dialog: buggers, I hope it's through the
text: sights of a fourteen-inch gun.
text: A HONK from the lake catches their attention -- one of the
text: Japanese officers has successfully netted a duck. Layton
text: shouts in subtitled Japanese.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Well done, Kimura-san.
text: The officer turns and stiffly bows. Layton bows back and
text: then glances at Rawlings.
speaker_heading: LAYTON (CONT'D)
dialog: If things keep heading in this
dialog: direction, you'll get your wish.
scene_heading: INT. HAMARIKYU DETACHED PALACE - BANQUET ROOM - NIGHT
text: Waiters carve raw duck in the corner as a group of Japanese
text: and foreign officers eat sukiyaki at a traditional table. A
text: Japanese OFFICER is concluding a fiery toast. He turns toward
text: the Emperor's portrait and raises his glass.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE OFFICER
dialog: Banzai! Banzai! Banzai!
text: The officer drains his glass in a gulp, and the other men
text: immediately follow his lead. It's impossible to miss the
dialog: naked machismo in this room: no Japanese officer is going to
text: be shamed in front of a foreigner and vice versa.
text: As the men refill their glasses with scotch from ceramic
text: jugs, Rawlings stands to toast. His face is flushed.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN RAWLINGS
dialog: On behalf of the British Empire, I
dialog: want to thank Admiral Yamamoto for
dialog: this invitation. May our nations
dialog: forever remain partners on the seas.
text: All eyes swing to the head of the table where the handsome
text: and charismatic ADMIRAL YAMAMOTO, 52, sits. The words hang
text: in the air for a long moment before Yamamoto raises his own
text: sake glass and drains it.
text: The other men practically trip over each other to match him.
text: Layton, however, just touches the glass to his lips --
text: seemingly impervious to the social pressure of the situation.
text: As Layton sets down the glass, he notices Yamamoto staring
text: at him. Their eyes meet for an awkward moment.
scene_heading: INT. HAMARIKYU DETACHED PALACE - SHOIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The sounds of the party spill through the thin paper of a
text: shoji door as Layton examines a set of woodblock prints.
text: Yamamoto enters, sliding the door closed behind him. He
text: glances at Layton and then speaks in subtitled Japanese.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: You don't like whiskey?
text: Layton turns, caught off guard. But he recovers quickly.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I could ask you the same question,
dialog: admiral. I have it on good authority
dialog: that your glass is filled with tea.
text: Yamamoto is briefly taken aback -- he's rarely challenged --
text: but then he gives Layton a wry smile.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
text: An old Chinese trick.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: What else have you learned during
dialog: your time in Japan?
dialog: Layton hears the dangerous subtext in that question: are you
text: a spy? He therefore does his best to shrug it off.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I'm just the assistant naval attaché.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Which is why I know that you must
dialog: have an opinion. I was once our naval
dialog: attaché in Washington.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: After your years at Harvard.
text: Yamamoto smiles again -- impressed that Layton has done his
text: homework. He responds in fluent English.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Like you, I thought there was value
text: in studying a potential adversary.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: (also English)
dialog: And what did you learn?
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Do you know the Japanese nickname
dialog: for America?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Beikoku.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Exactly. 'Rice country.' A place of
dialog: endless resources. And I saw with my
text: own eyes the vast oilfields of Texas.
dialog: The steelyards of Pittsburgh. The
dialog: factories of Detroit.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I heard you told the prime minster
dialog: that Japan can't win a war with the
dialog: United States.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Not exactly. I said that we couldn't
dialog: win a long war.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I heard another rumor that your life
dialog: might be in danger. The Nationalists
dialog: think you're too moderate.
text: Yamamoto is silent for a long moment, and Layton wonders if
dialog: he has pushed his luck too far. Finally --
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Japan is at a crossroads. We are
dialog: eager to become a world power, yet
dialog: we are dangerously reliant on outside
dialog: forces. We get 80 percent of our oil
dialog: and scrap metal from your country.
dialog: If that supply is threatened, it
dialog: will force us into drastic measures.
dialog: Layton knows exactly what Yamamoto means by "drastic
dialog: measures," and the purpose of their conversation abruptly
text: becomes clear to him.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: You want me to pass this information
dialog: along to Washington.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Tell them not to push us into a
dialog: corner. Your government must give
dialog: those of us who are more reasonable
dialog: a chance to carry the day.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Nobody wants a war.
text: Yamamoto shakes his head, expression grim.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: I wish that were true.
text: Yamamoto sticks out his hand, and the two men shake. As the
text: admiral starts back toward his party --
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sayonara, Layton-san.
text: And then the door slides shut and he's gone. As Layton stares
text: after him, lost in thought, the rising GROWL of engines begins
dialog: to pound at our ears...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: The stiff ocean breeze almost knocks us sideways as the vast
text: teak deck pitches up and down in the steady rollers of the
dialog: Pacific. We're aboard...
dialog: 5.
text: ...the aircraft carrier USS ENTERPRISE. Mankind's latest and
dialog: greatest superweapon.
dialog: It's been barely three decades since the Wright Brothers
dialog: went aloft in their glorified kite, and now this ship --
text: 20,000 tons of American steel -- can attack a target with 80
text: warplanes, escape at 30 knots, and hit a new target the next
text: afternoon a thousand miles away.
dialog: At least that's the theory. It has never been tested.
text: SUPER: "FOUR YEARS LATER. 175 MILES WEST OF PEARL HARBOR."
text: The relentless GROWL is coming from four Douglas SBD Dauntless
text: dive bombers, which are warming up their engines. The SBDs
text: are built for war with snub wings and a sturdy airframe.
text: We PUSH past the planes until we reach a lone figure staring
text: out at the ocean. DICK BEST, 31, wears the leather bomber
text: jacket of a pilot and oozes from every pore with what Tom
dialog: Wolfe will someday call "the right stuff." He might be the
dialog: top pilot in the whole damn Navy -- and he knows it.
text: Best remains locked on the ocean as another pilot strides up
text: behind him. CLARENCE DICKINSON, 29, is the Goose to Best's
text: Maverick. He's lanky with a northern Florida drawl.
text: Best speaks without looking at Dickinson.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: War is coming.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: You've been saying that for years.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Yeah, but now I mean it.
text: Best flicks his head at the bridge behind them.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: The old man feels it too. That's why
dialog: we've been flying double scouting
dialog: missions this whole trip.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Then we better get in some R&R while
dialog: we can. I'm going to haul ass into
dialog: Pearl this morning ahead of the fleet
text: and hit the beach with Cliff.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I can't go with you boys.
dialog: (off Dickinson's look)
dialog: They're holding back Scouting Six.
dialog: Just in case.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Well, I'd hate to be you.
dialog: 6.
text: Dickinson grins, sticking it to his friend. Best is about to
text: reply, but they're interrupted by the arrival of BILL MILLER,
text: 24, Dickinson's radioman. He salutes the pilots, eyes locked
text: on his commander.
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: Morning, sir. The aircraft is spotted.
text: Best gives Miller a long look -- he seems jumpy.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: You okay, Miller?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: It's my last day of sea duty, sir.
dialog: And I'm the only one from my radio
dialog: class who hasn't crashed.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Don't worry, Miller. Even Mr.
dialog: Dickinson can fly from here to Pearl
dialog: Harbor without getting you wet.
text: Dickinson snorts at the jab and then starts toward the waiting
text: planes. But then he glances back.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Me and Cliff will be thinking of you
dialog: when we're lying on the beach.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I hope a shark bites your dick off.
text: Dickinson smiles to himself as he continues to his SBD.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ARIZONA - FANTAIL DECK - DAY
text: The battleship gleams on a gorgeous Sunday morning in Pearl
text: Harbor. A bleary-eyed band gathers around the flag to raise
text: the colors while a crew of sailors put out folding chairs.
text: LT. CLIFF JANZ, 31, emerges onto the deck. He looks like a
text: Navy recruiting poster with blue eyes and a square jaw. One
text: of the men setting up the chairs (SULLY) catches his eye.
speaker_heading: SULLY
dialog: Hey, lieutenant. How come I've got
dialog: to set up the chairs for church even
dialog: though I don't believe in God?
text: Cliff gives Sully a dry look.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Because your only religion is chasing
dialog: girls. And the Navy isn't going to
dialog: pay you for that.
text: As the other men smile, Cliff continues toward the flag.
speaker_heading: CLIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's hurry this up, gentlemen. I've
text: got a date with a beach and a beer.
text: The drone of an engine abruptly catches Cliff's attention: a
text: plane is approaching the ship at a high speed. ~
dialog: 
text: Cliff stares at the aircraft, his brain processing the shape
text: of the wings. And then he shouts --
speaker_heading: CLIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Get down!
text: RAT-TAT-TAT! Bullets PING off the battleship's armor. Cliff
text: catches a glimpse of the plane's insignia as it passes: the
text: red emblem of the rising sun.
text: As the men scramble back to their feet, Cliff scans the skies.
text: And that's when he sees a squadron of high-altitude bombers
text: approaching battleship row. Dozens and dozens of planes.
text: Sully glances at Cliff, fighting his rising panic.
speaker_heading: SULLY
dialog: Is it the Japs?
text: But Cliff is already dashing toward the ladder that leads up
text: to the next deck. He shouts over his shoulder --
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Sound general quarters.
text: And then he's climbing. We stay TIGHT on Cliff as he reaches
text: the top of the ladder and sprints down the exposed corridor
text: that runs along the port side of the ship.
text: General quarters abruptly BLARES and confused men begin to
text: emerge from various hatches. Cliff bowls past a few of them,
text: already sweating in the heat, and then --
text: BOOM! A near miss shakes the deck. The percussion wave slams
text: Cliff against the rail, and he falls, one hand clutching a
text: broken rib. But he immediately scrambles to his feet, eyes
text: locked on a ladder that leads upward.
text: An instant later Cliff is climbing again. Bullets PING off
text: the metal around him, but he keeps moving. He finally shoves
text: open a hatch and pulls himself into --
scene_heading: INT. USS ARIZONA - GUN DIRECTOR - CONTINUOUS
text: The ten-man crew stares at Cliff as he enters, white-faced
text: in the darkness.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: We gotta get those planes off us.
dialog: Why the hell aren't you firing?
text: The young ENSIGN spreads his hands, helpless.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
text: The ammo boxes are locked.
text: Cliff grabs a fire ax from the wall and smashes it into the
text: lock. As the door pops open, he points at the rounds inside.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: All right. Get the --
text: BOOM! The men are tossed to the deck as a bomb detonates
text: somewhere on the ship. The sound is deafening in the enclosed
text: space. Cliff is the first to recover.
speaker_heading: CLIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Start firing!
text: As Cliff turns to exit, the ensign desperately clutches his
text: arm. His voice is distorted by Cliff's ringing ears.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: We've gotta get this ship moving.
dialog: We're a sitting duck.
text: And then Cliff drops through the hatch and disappears.
scene_heading: INT. LAYTON HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: EDWIN LAYTON, now 39, reads the paper as he eats breakfast
text: with his prim wife MIRIAM, 37. The house is decorated with
text: knickknacks from a dozen different naval posts. Miriam glances
text: at Layton as she stands to clear the breakfast plates.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Are you coming to church?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I have to go into the office.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: It's Sunday.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: You work too hard.
text: RING! RING! Layton's head whips around and he stares at the
text: phone on the wall with transparent dread. It's as if he's
text: expecting bad news. Miriam gives him a look.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Want me to get it?
text: Layton shakes his head and then stands and warily crosses to
text: the phone. He answers and listens for a beat. Miriam watches
text: him, transfixed by the expression on his face.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Tell them I'm coming.
text: Layton hangs up the phone, his hand shaking slightly.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Edwin, what's happening?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: The Japanese are attacking us.
text: Her hand flies to her mouth.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Oh my God. Where?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Here.
scene_heading: EXT. LAYTON HOUSE - DAY
text: Layton hurries out the front door, now wearing his uniform
text: and carrying a briefcase. A Cadillac ROADSTER skids to a
text: halt in front of the house and LIEUTENANT PAUL CROSLEY, 28,
text: frantically waves from the front seat.
speaker_heading: CROSLEY
dialog: Come on. I'll give you a lift.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: The Cadillac speeds toward the promontory of Diamond Head,
text: which conceals Pearl Harbor from view. Lights flash behind
text: them and Crosley glances in his rear-view mirror.
speaker_heading: CROSLEY
dialog: Oh, Christ.
text: A motorcycle COP is trailing them. Layton turns around in
dialog: his seat to look. Then --
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Pull over.
dialog: (off Crosley)
dialog: He's going to kill himself.
text: Crosley hits the brakes and the Cadillac rumbles to a stop.
text: The cop gets off his bike and ambles toward them.
speaker_heading: CoP
dialog: Bit fast for a Sunday --
speaker_heading: LAYTON
text: The Japs are attacking Pearl Harbor.
text: The cop stares at them, confused -- this seems like an
text: impossible lie. Crosley raises a hand as if swearing an oath.
speaker_heading: CROSLEY
dialog: It's the God's honest.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. USS ARIZONA - BRIDGE - DAY
text: Cliff bursts onto the bridge, breathing hard. He locks on a
text: cluster of panicked junior officers.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: We've got to get underway.
text: An ENGINEERING OFFICER stares at Cliff's leg.
scene_heading: ENGINEERING OFFICER
dialog: Jesus, Cliff. You've been hit.
text: Cliff glances down and sees that blood has soaked his right
text: pant leg -- he's been shot in the calf. But he shrugs it off
text: and limps over to the set of gauges that register the steam
text: pressure. He stares at them as if he's been betrayed.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Goddammit.
scene_heading: ENGINEERING OFFICER
dialog: We just need five minutes.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: We don't have --
text: KABOOM! Cliff glances out the front window of the bridge
text: just_as the Arizona's forward magazine detonates. The deck
text: ripples with the force of the blast, and the bridge tilts as
text: the massive battleship's bow rises twenty feet in the air.
text: An instant later the white-hot flash of the explosion surges
text: through the bridge, briefly blinding us.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: The Cadillac barrels down the road -- now escorted by the
text: motorcycle cop -- until Crosley abruptly stands on his brakes.
text: He's staring through the windshield, transfixed by something,
dialog: and we REVERSE to reveal...
text: ...the iconic image for the first time: towering columns of
text: smoke rise from Battleship Row as Japanese bombers attack.
text: A_ giant mushroom cloud rises from Arizona, followed by a
text: blast wave racing toward us across the water. It seems
dialog: impossible that anyone could survive that explosion.
text: As Crosley ducks for cover, we go CLOSE on Layton. The massive
text: fireball is reflected in his glasses, and his expression is
dialog: difficult to decipher.
text: He's horrified, of course. But not surprised.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: Two SBDs fly in formation above Barbers Point. Smoke rises
text: in the distance from Pearl Harbor.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. DICKINSON'S SBD - DAY
text: Dickinson is on the stick. Miller is seated behind him facing
dialog: backwards -- he's responsible for both the radio equipment
text: and operating the .30 caliber Browning tail gun.
text: As Dickinson squints at the distant smoke, Miller's voice
text: echoes through the intercom.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: What is it, sir?
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Looks like Coastal Artillery went
dialog: stark mad. Bet you someone's going
dialog: to catch hell for it.
text: A FLASH of metal near the sun catches Dickinson's attention,
text: and his instincts lead him to yank on the stick. As the SBD
text: lurches, he shouts into the radio --
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Incoming!
text: The warning is too late for their wingman, who catches a
text: full broadside of cannon fire. As his SBD explodes into flame,
text: two Japanese Zero fighters scream past us.
text: Dickinson, meanwhile, continues his roll and fires with his
text: fixed guns. He swears, realizing that he has missed, and
text: then yells into the intercom --
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Miller. Break radio silence. And get
dialog: that damn gun working!
text: Miller flips the transmit key on his radio.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Pearl Harbor under attack by Japanese
dialog: aircraft. This is no shit!
text: And then Miller is slammed into his seat as Dickinson takes
text: wildly evasive action. He nevertheless manages to pull a
text: string of ammo from a box and feed it into the Browning.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (V.0O.)
dialog: On our six!
text: RAT-TAT-TAT! Miller fires in long bursts, swinging the gun
dialog: from side to side, until --
text: BOOM! Their right wing explodes into flame as a round of
text: cannon fire riddles the SBD. The fucking Zeros are everywhere.
text: Dickinson yanks on the stick...
text: ...but it's dead. The plane goes into a right spin, and
text: Dickinson glances at the altimeter. They're just a thousand
text: feet above the ground.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Miller! Bail out!
text: As Dickinson pushes himself out of the cockpit, he catches a
text: glimpse of a lifeless Miller in the back seat --
text: -- and then Dickinson is tumbling in the sky. He desperately
text: fumbles with his ripcord, the ground rushing up at him --
text: KABOOM! His abandoned SBD explodes in the field beneath him
text: just as his parachute catches the air. Dickinson has only a
text: second or two to brace himself before he slams onto a dirt
text: road, hard enough that his knees buckle.
text: He collapses to the ground and lies still for a moment --
text: stunned to be alive -- before rolling over and freeing himself
text: from the silk parachute.
text: As Dickinson orients himself, he realizes that guns are firing
text: nearby. It's a platoon of Marines lined up in formation on a
text: I op a hundred yards away, shooting with their rifles at
text: the Japanese planes like vestiges from an earlier war.
text: Their SERGEANT, meanwhile, is jogging down the hill toward
text: Dickinson. He gives the pilot a long look.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: You all right, sir?
dialog: Physically, yes -- by some miracle the total of Dickinson's
text: wounds is a skinned elbow. But he's hopping mad.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Get me to Hickam Field.
text: The sergeant stares at this angry man who just fell from the
dialog: sky. All he can think to say is...
speaker_heading: h SERGEANT
dialog: Why?
text: Dickinson looks at the sergeant as if he's a complete idiot.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: So I can get in another goddamned
dialog: plane and get back up there.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - RADIO ROOM - DAY
text: Two RADIOMEN listen through headphones, frantically
text: transcribing chatter as a nervous ENSIGN paces behind them.
text: Best bursts into the room.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: What the hell is going on?
text: The ensign turns to him, relieved to see a superior officer.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: Pearl is shooting at our guys, sir.
dialog: I guess they didn't know that we
text: were sending a squadron ahead.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Maybe it isn't Pearl.
text: The words hang in the air. If it isn't Pearl, then who? Best
text: glances at one of the RADIOMEN.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Call Dickinson.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
text: I tried. He isn't responding.
dialog: (off Best)
dialog: We got a garbled transmission that
text: he was under attack. And then nothing.
text: The words land hard on Best. Has his friend been shot down?
text: What the hell is happening? But he has no time to dwell on
text: those questions because the other RADIOMAN tears off his
text: headphones and snaps to attention.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN #2
dialog: Sir! Look at this.
text: He holds out a decoded message. Best snatches it and reads...
scene_heading: "URGENT XX AIR RAID ON PEARL HARBOR XX THIS IS NOT A DRILL."
text: Best feels the eyes of the other men on him, so he keeps his
text: face expressionless. He hands the message to the ensign.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Take this to the admiral.
text: The ensign starts toward the door -- too slowly for Best. He
text: conveys the urgency of the situation in a single word.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Run.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - PACIFIC FLEET HQ - DAY
text: The Cadillac roars up to a large brick building across the
text: loch from the dry dock. Thick black smoke shrouds everything
text: as anti-aircraft fire RATTLES the windows.
text: Layton emerges from the car and dashes into the building.
scene_heading: INT. PACIFIC FLEET HQ - COMMUNICATION'S ROOM - DAY
text: Layton enters and finds ADMIRAL KIMMEL (commander -in-chief
text: of the Pacific Fleet) standing in a horrified huddle with
text: his FLAG OFFICERS. Kimmel immediately fixes on Layton.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
dialog: Here's the man who tried to warn us.
dialog: If it's any satisfaction to you, Layton,
dialog: you were right and we were wrong.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Sir, it's no satisfaction to me
dialog: whatsoever.
text: The room TREMBLES with an explosion. Kimmel stares out the
text: window at a fireball from the drydock, clearly in shock. But
text: he gathers himself and then turns back to Layton.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
dialog: You need to locate the Japanese
dialog: carriers. We can't let them do this
dialog: and get away scot free.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I know the man who can find them.
scene_heading: INT. PACIFIC FLEET HQ - LOBBY - DAY
text: The PETTY OFFICER at the desk holds a rifle in nervous hands,
text: a flak helmet on his head. Layton hurries up to him.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Where's Rochefort?
speaker_heading: PETTY OFFICER
dialog: On the roof, sir.
text: Layton stares at him, confused. The roof?
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC FLEET HQ - ROOF - DAY
text: Spent anti-aircraft bullets PING off the tin of the roof in
text: a steady (and potentially deadly) rain. But the birdlike and
text: brilliant JOSEPH ROCHEFORT, 40, ignores the danger and
text: carefully affixes wires to a makeshift antenna.
text: Layton bursts out of a stairwell and locks on Rochefort. The
text: camera CIRCLES them as they talk, revealing the devastating
text: panorama in the background.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: What the hell are you doing? We need
dialog: to find the Japanese fleet.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: That's what I'm trying to do. Those
dialog: Army idiots think we're about to get
text: invaded, so they shut down the phones.
dialog: We can't communicate with our radio
dialog: direction finder.
text: Layton quickly does the math.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: You're building another one?
dialog: 15.
text: As Rochefort shrugs, a flaming chunk of metal THUDS into the
text: roof. Layton gives Rochefort a look.
speaker_heading: LAYTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't get killed up here. The Navy's
dialog: going to need you to win this war.
text: Rochefort ignores him, once again locked on his work. Layton
text: nods to himself -- these men understand each other -- and
text: then ducks back into the building.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: The modest-sized flag bridge is at the top of the carrier's
text: island, giving it a view of the flight deck. ADMIRAL WILLIAM
text: "BULL" HALSEY, 62, enters. He's a rugged bowling ball of a
text: human being who is beloved by his men for his honesty.
text: Halsey glances at CAPTAIN MILES BROWNING, his operations and
dialog: war plans officer.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Pearl found something?
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: Yes, sir. Intelligence managed to
dialog: get a radio fix on the attacking
dialog: fleet. Unfortunately, it's a bilateral
dialog: reading. Meaning the Japs are either
dialog: at 363 degrees...
text: Browning points down at the map table, his finger tracing a
text: line due north of Pearl Harbor on the chart.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING (CONT'D)
dialog: ...or 163 degrees.
text: Browning traces a second line heading due south. Halsey's
text: face wrinkles in disgust.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: For Christ sake... Pearl is under
dialog: attack, and we don't even know if
dialog: the bastards are north or south?
text: Browning is accustomed to tough questions from his admiral.
text: He taps a point near the southern line, unruffled.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: Army bombers also reported a possible
text: ship sighting here.
text: Halsey stares at the spot. Then:
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: That's where we place our bet. What
dialog: do we have left aboard?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN BROCKMAN
text: Lindsey and his torpedo squadron.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: What about dive bombers?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN BROCKMAN
dialog: Most of them went into Pearl this
dialog: morning, but we've got five left.
text: The senior pilot is Dick Best. The
text: XO of Bombing Six.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Good. That kid is full of piss and
dialog: vinegar.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Launch everything we've got.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - PILOT READY ROOM - DAY
text: A chalkboard identifies the squadron's planes and their
text: operational status. Best and his four fellow dive bomber
text: pilots sit on one side of the room wearing brown leather
text: jackets. Eighteen torpedo bomber pilots sit on the other,
text: dressed in olive drab flight suits with ties.
text: LT. COMMANDER WADE MCCLUSKY, 39, delivers the briefing. He
dialog: runs the air wing and is good friends with Best -- probably
text: because they are both consummate professionals.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: We have a possible location on the
dialog: Jap fleet, so we're launching a
text: strike. Lindsey has command.
text: McClusky looks at LT. EUGENE LINDSEY, 36, who sits in the
text: front row. Lindsey commands Torpedo Six and is a bit of a
text: dandy -- his men call him Errol Flynn behind his back.
text: As Lindsey nods, McClusky traces a line on the giant map.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Fly a grid on this bearing. If you
dialog: make contact, Best and his men will
dialog: put down a smokescreen and then the
dialog: torpedo bombers will go in.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: The hell with smoke. Let me go after
dialog: those carriers with a real bomb.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
text: Torpedoes sink carriers, not bombs.
dialog: And my men need a screen.
text: Best gives Lindsey a cold look.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: You need a screen because your planes
dialog: are slow. And even if you get close
dialog: enough, your torpedoes don't work.
text: Most of the torpedo pilots bristle. But Lindsey shrugs.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: That's a rumor.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: It's a rumor because the damn things
dialog: have never even been tested.
dialog: (to McClusky)
dialog: The Japs are out there killing our
dialog: friends. In a sneak attack. Let me
text: put a 500-pound bomb right down their
dialog: goddamned smokestack.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: You have your orders, lieutenant.
text: Best is about to respond, but McClusky steps forward to quell
dialog: the disagreement.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: We're all frustrated. But we have to
dialog: go by the book today.
text: Best doesn't like it -- at all -- but he respects McClusky
dialog: enough to stand down.
speaker_heading: ; BEST
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Best strides toward his waiting plane. He's intercepted by
text: his radioman, JAMES MURRAY (25, danky) ; Murray has a laconic
text: North Carolina drawl, but the accent lies -- he's perpetually
text: a bundle of raw nerves.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Are we going after the Japs, sir?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Yeah, we're going to smoke ‘em to
dialog: death.
text: Best glances at Murray.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: You look like you're going to puke.
text: The assessment is correct; Murray scared out of his mind by
text: the prospect of going out to find the Japanese fleet. But he
dialog: can't admit that to his pilot.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: I'm all right.
dialog: (changing the subject)
dialog: Any word from Mr. Dickinson?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: 18.
text: Which means that his friend is likely dead. But Best just
text: continues toward his plane; he has a job to do.
text: The deck loudspeaker BLARES:
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER (V.0O.)
dialog: Start engines!
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: One by one the 30-odd planes of the strike force rumble down
text: the deck. The fighters and SBDs are nimble compared to the
text: torpedo bombers, which struggle into the air -- slowed even
text: further by the one-ton torpedo strapped to their belly.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The planes are framed by the sunset. The SBDs do lazy half-
text: circles to keep from outpacing the ponderous torpedo bombers.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best scans the horizon, frustration etched in his expression.
text: Murray's voice echoes through the intercom.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: See anything, sir?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Not even a goddamned whale.
scene_heading: INT. LINDSEY'S TBD - DAY
text: Lindsey is at the controls with his two CREWMEN behind him.
text: He peers down ata map in his lap, but the fading sun has
dialog: made it hard to decipher anything.
text: Lindsey takes a deep breath and then speaks into his radio.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: Six baker ten, this is six torpedo
dialog: one. Lead us back to Enterprise.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best stares at his radio, incredulous. He lifts the receiver
text: to his mouth and speaks with a clear edge.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Six torpedo ten, your pilots aren't
text: trained for a night carrier landing
dialog: with live ordinance. Go land at Pearl.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY (V.O.)
dialog: We can't clear the mountains. Take
dialog: us back to Enterprise, lieutenant.
dialog: That's a direct order.
text: Best fumes for a long moment as_the pane 's engine drones in
text: the background. He finally toggles the intercom switch.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Hey, Murray. Do we have a homing
dialog: signal on the ZB?
text: Murray glances down at a black box, which is showing a solid
text: red light. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: We're too far out.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Unbelievable.
text: Best thinks for a moment and then toggles back to the radio.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Six torpedo one. I'm dropping my
text: smoke bombs, turning on my running
text: lights, and returning to Enterprise.
dialog: Follow me if you want.
text: Best yanks a lever and the plane lurches as the bombs release.
text: Murray's nervous voice rings through the intercom.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (V.O.)
dialog: Do you know the way home, sir?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: You better hope so. Because otherwise
dialog: we're all going for a swim.
text: We catch a glimpse of Murray's pale face in the back; he
dialog: doesn't like the sound of that at all.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The RADAR OFFICER peers into his rudimentary set as a smudge
text: of green lights appears at the edge of the scope.
speaker_heading: RADAR OFFICER
text: Sir! Numerous bogies inbound.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Friendlies?
text: The question hangs in the air -- the green dots on the scope
text: reveal nothing. The RADIO OFFICER speaks into his set.
speaker_heading: RADIO OFFICER
dialog: Incoming aircraft, identify yourself.
text: Static crackles in response. Tension builds on the bridge:
dialog: Have the Japanese found them first? Are they about to suffer
dialog: the same fate as Pearl Harbor? Finally --
speaker_heading: BEST (V.0.)
text: This is six baker ten. Requesting
dialog: night landing.
text: Everyone on the bridge breathes a deep sigh of relief.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - NIGHT
text: The LANDING SIGNAL OFFICER waves his green wands at the end
text: of the illuminated flight deck. An SBD expertly catches the
text: number one arresting wire and slams to a halt.
text: The SBD taxies to the elevator, and Best swings out of the
text: cockpit. McClusky emerges from the shadows to meet him.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: We got word from Pearl. The Jap fleet
dialog: was north, not south.
dialog: This is the cherry on the shit sundae for Best.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Those bastards in intelligence
dialog: couldn't find their ass with two
text: hands and a flashlight.
text: WHAM! The next plane to land is a torpedo bomber. It hits
text: the deck so hard that the deck vibrates. Even worse, the
text: impact detaches the plane's torpedo.
text: The deadly "fish" skids across the deck toward the ship's
text: island, a thousand pounds of TNT connected to a percussive
text: cap. Halsey and his staff are about to be immolated.
text: At the last moment a lone figure runs out of the darkness
text: and leaps onto the deadly weapon. This is SLIM TOWNSEND, the
text: deck officer. He rides the torpedo like a bull, feet working
text: as brakes, until it finally comes to a stop.
text: As men rush to Slim's side to secure the torpedo, Best crosses
text: the deck in a cold fury. He marches up to Lindsey, who is
text: smoking with a few of his pilots.
text: Best jabs a finger at him.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: You get yourself lost, expect me to
dialog: bail you out, and now one of your
dialog: men almost blows up the damn carrier
dialog: because you were too chickenshit to
dialog: fly into Pearl.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: I told you. We couldn't clear the --
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I know what you told me. But I bet
dialog: you heard that Pearl is firing at
dialog: everything in sight and were worried
dialog: about your own ass.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: Do I have to remind you that I'm
dialog: your superior officer?
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Don't hide behind your rank. At least
dialog: pretend to be a goddamned man.
text: Lindsey feels the eyes of his fellow pilots and feels
text: obligated to step toward Best. But before it can escalate
text: into a fight, McClusky runs up and shoves them apart.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Jesus Christ! We're all frustrated.
dialog: But save it for the Japs.
text: Best stares past McClusky at Lindsey. Still seething.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: We're at war now, Lindsey. Get your
dialog: shit together.
text: And then Best turns on his heel and strides away.
scene_heading: INT. PEARL HARBOR - KIMMEL'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Admiral Kimmel sits at his desk, his head in his hands. Layton
text: enters and closes the door behind him.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
text: The Japanese are attacking on all
dialog: fronts. Singapore, the Philippines,
dialog: Guam, Thailand...
text: No response from Kimmel. Layton forces himself to continue.
speaker_heading: LAYTON (CONT'D)
dialog: We captured a radio log from a downed
dialog: Japanese plane. They hit us with all
dialog: six of their fleet carriers.
text: Kimmel looks up at Layton as if seeing him for the first
text: time. He picks up a jagged piece of metal from the desk and
text: holds it up to the light.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL
text: A spent .50 cal. It crashed through
dialog: the window this afternoon and hit me
text: square in the chest. Left a bruise.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I wish it had killed me.
text: Layton has no idea what to do with this confession. He
text: swallows hard. Finally --
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KIMMEL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're the best intelligence officer
dialog: I've ever known, Layton. They'll
dialog: probably burn you for this too, but
dialog: if they don't... swear to me that
dialog: you will make the next man in this
dialog: chair listen to you. Because this
dialog: can never happen again.
dialog: 22.
text: The words land hard on Layton; he already feels the immense
text: weight of this failure. He draws himself up in a salute.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY (TWILIGHT)
text: The Enterprise enters the main channel. Her prow cuts through
text: water black with bunker oil, and smoke from the still-burning
text: wreckage shrouds everything.
text: Makeshift AA emplacements line the banks on either side of
text: the channel. A SOLDIER shouts from the shore.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER (0.S.)
dialog: You better get the hell out of here
dialog: or the Japs will nail you too!
text: The words carry clearly across the water to Best and
text: Moc Lusky, who are standing amid a group of men silently taking
text: in evastation. Best is locked on the still-burning
text: Arizona, eyes hollow. McClusky glances at him.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Think Cliff was aboard?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I don't know. He liked to sleep at
dialog: home when he was in port.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: You were roommates at Annapolis?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Three years.
text: And now he might be dead -- along with thousands of other
text: good men. The duo stands in silence for a long moment. And
text: then Best flicks his head up at the bridge behind them.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at the old man.
text: Halsey stands outside on the ying bridge, his jaw clenching
dialog: Hal y d id he flyi brid his j lenchi
dialog: u
text: ina rious rhythm as he takes in the scene. He finally
text: turns to his flag officers, speaking to nobody in particular.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I promise you... by the time we're
dialog: through with them, the Japanese
dialog: language will be spoken only in hell.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL STATION PEARL HARBOR - WHARF - NIGHT
text: The still-burning Arizona casts a red glow on the scene as
text: an oil tanker pumps fuel into the berthed Enterprise.
text: Best strides down the gangway onto the wharf. When he sees
text: Dickinson waiting at the bottom, Best half-smiles with relief.
dialog: 23.
text: But then he straps on a poker face.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I heard that you jumped out of a
dialog: perfectly good plane.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
text: It was on fire. And the controls
dialog: were dead.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I would have landed it.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Where's Miller?
text: Dickinson's expression answers him. Best's face falls.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, hell.
text: They share a moment of pained silence for their fallen
text: comrade. And then Dickinson points down the wharf.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
text: Ann is over there.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL STATION PEARL HARBOR - WHARF - NIGHT
text: Civilians stand behind a waist-high metal fence, overseen by
text: MPs. Best approaches from the other side, eyes searching the
text: crowd, until he locks eyes with ANN BEST, 28. She's a sharp-
text: tongued firecracker who shares his Jersey accent.
text: They rush to each other and embrace over the fence, holding
text: each other tightly. She whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Come home tonight.
text: He pulls back, apologetic.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I wish. But we sail as soon as we're
dialog: refueled. They don't want us in port
text: until they're sure the Japs are gone.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I saw the first attack. Before I
dialog: realized what was happening and got
text: Barb down in the cellar. Dive bombers
dialog: from the north.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Were they any good?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Not bad. But they didn't dive as
dialog: steeply as your squadron.
text: Best shakes his head, incredulous.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: You're one hell of a Navy wife. Bombs
dialog: falling and you keep your head.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Any word from Cliff?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: He was on duty. We checked all of
text: the hospitals, but nothing yet.
text: The news is like a punch into Best's gut -- he knows that
text: Cliff is likely dead. In the wake of that revelation the
text: full weight of this awful day abruptly lands on him.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Goddammit !
text: Ann feels the anger and pain and frustration behind that one
text: ferocious word, and she takes her husband's hand. Her touch
text: settles him, and Best takes a slow breath. Finally --
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: How's Sarah holding up?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: You know Sarah. Tough as nails. But...
text: Yeah. They're silent for a moment, imagining themselves in
text: Sarah's shoes. Best finally looks at her.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I want you and Barb to go back to
dialog: your parents' place in Jersey.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: No.
text: Best blinks, caught off-balance by her flat denial.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: It isn't safe here.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Everyone is saying this will be a
dialog: long war, and I refuse to go years
dialog: without seeing you. And neither will
dialog: your daughter.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: But what if --
text: She cuts him off, tone firm.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: You're not shipping me off to Jersey.
dialog: And that's final.
text: Best stares at his wife, simultaneously frustrated by her
text: obstinacy and impressed by her resolve. He finally nods.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. UNITED STATES CAPITAL BUILDING - HOUSE CHAMBER - DAY
text: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT addresses a joint session of Congress.
text: His nasally voice is braced with a steely resolve.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: Yesterday, December 7, 1941 -- a
dialog: date which will live in infamy --
dialog: the United States of America was
dialog: suddenly and deliberately attacked
dialog: by the naval and air forces of Japan.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO - ASAKUSA DISTRICT - DAY
text: Traditional geisha houses line the street. Incongruously, a
text: broadcast of Roosevelt's speech echoes from an open window.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT (V.0.)
dialog: The United States was at peace with
dialog: that nation and still in conversation
dialog: with its government for the
dialog: maintenance of peace in the Pacific.
scene_heading: INT. GEISHA HOUSE - PRIVATE ROOM - DAY
text: Yamamoto, now 56, sits at a tea table. He is naked except
text: for a towel, revealing that he is in excellent shape for a
text: man his age. A radio broadcasts Roosevelt's words.
text: A GEISHA sits across from Yamamoto, wearing a silk kimono.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT (V.O.)
dialog: No matter how long it may take us to
dialog: overcome this premeditated invasion --
text: CLICK! Yamamoto twists the volume control of the radio. The
text: geisha gives him a curious look.
speaker_heading: GEISHA
dialog: What was the gaijin saying?
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Our ambassador in Washington failed to
dialog: deliver our declaration of war on time.
dialog: So the Americans think that Pearl Harbor
dialog: was a sneak attack.
speaker_heading: GEISHA
dialog: What does that mean?
text: Yamamoto stands, his expression grim.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: It means that we have awakened a
text: sleeping giant and filled him with
text: terrible resolve.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: EXT. IMPERIAL GENERAL HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: The brick and stone building looks as if it should be in
text: London. Yamamoto emerges from his staff car, now resplendent
text: in his dress uniform.
text: REAR ADMIRAL TAMON YAMAGUCHI, 49, a fiery and brilliant rising
text: star in the Imperial Navy, strides up to meet him. Yamamoto
text: is Tamon's mentor, and the two men share an understanding of
dialog: American culture -- Tamon studied at Princeton. But Tamon
text: retains the bluntness of a soldier.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Did you enjoy your visit to Hawaii?
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: I told Nagumo that we needed to
dialog: destroy the fuel tanks. But he refused
text: to launch a third strike.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: That was a devastating mistake. It
dialog: would have taken the Americans a
dialog: year to resume operations at Pearl.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: When are you going to remove Nagumo
dialog: from command?
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: How can I remove him? Nagano sunk
dialog: the American battleships. Everyone
dialog: thinks that he's a hero.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Someday that old fool will make an
dialog: even bigger mistake.
text: Yamamoto flicks his head at the General Headquarters.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: None of that talk inside. We must
dialog: have a united front against the Army.
text: Tamon gives him a look.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: I'm not Nagumo. You don't have to
dialog: instruct me in the obvious.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL GENERAL HQ - SUPREME COUNCIL HALL - DAY
text: Two long tables face each other in the imposing room. Naval
text: officers, marked by their blue uniforms, line one side. Army
text: officers, wearing brown, are on the other.
text: PRIME MINISTER TOJO sits at a dais between them, wearing the
text: brown of the Army. His cold eyes are locked on Yamamoto, who
text: sits at the end of the naval table next to Tamon.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Pearl Harbor was a great victory. But
dialog: if we give them time, the Americans
dialog: will overrun us. We therefore must
dialog: land the knockout blow by destroying
text: the rest of the American fleet.
text: Tojo stares at Yamamoto, calculating. Finally --
speaker_heading: TOJO
dialog: Our priority must be seizing the
dialog: resources that we need, which is a
dialog: job for the Army. The Navy's job is
dialog: to get us there and back.
text: Yamamoto disagrees with this theory down to the very core of
text: his soul. But he forces himself to stand and salute.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: So it shall be.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CAR - DAY
text: Yamamoto and Tamon ride in the back of a large sedan. Tamon
text: shakes his head, simmering.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: The Army got us into this war, and
dialog: now they expect us to just ferry
dialog: them around?
text: Yamamoto shrugs, resigned to the situation.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: For now. But circumstances will change.
dialog: Which is why I want you to start drawing
dialog: up plans for the operation we discussed.
text: Tamon's eyes light up.
speaker_heading: TAMON
text: Midway.
text: Yamamoto nods. The word hangs in the air as he stares out
text: the window, once again lost in thought.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: President Roosevelt signs a formal document at the desk, an
text: array of politicians behind him. Bulbs flash as mob of
text: reporters and photographers jockey for prime position. As
text: Roosevelt lifts his pen, SENATOR CONNALLY glances down at
text: the watch that he is holding in his hand.
scene_heading: SENATOR CONNALLY
dialog: As of 3:05 PM on December 11, 1941,
dialog: the United States is officially at
dialog: war with Germany.
dialog: 28.
text: Roosevelt and Connally awkwardly hold their pose as another
text: round of bulbs pop. A REPORTER pushes his way forward to the
text: front of the scrum.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Mr. President! The Japs have us on
dialog: the run, and people are worried that
dialog: the West Coast is at risk. How is
dialog: the Navy going to keep us safe?
text: The panic in the reporter's voice infects most of the room.
text: But not Roosevelt. He stares at the reporter.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
dialog: It's going to require strong
dialog: leadership from Pearl. An admiral
dialog: who can rebuild morale.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Do you have a candidate in mind?
text: Roosevelt just smiles to himself, revealing nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, DC - NATIONAL MALL - DAY
text: A black sedan pulls up in front of the utilitarian Main Navy
text: Building. ADMIRAL CHESTER NIMITZ, 59, emerges wearing his
text: dress uniform. He is tall with patrician features and piercing
text: blue eyes that accurately forecast his ferocious intelligence.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - MAIN OFFICE - DAY
text: A SECRETARY ushers Nimitz through a bustling main office.
text: She opens a door marked: "Admiral Ernest King, COMINCH."
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - KING'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: ADMIRAL KING, 63, stands with his back to us, clutching a
text: phone. The enormous office contains just a card table and
text: two folding chairs. The secretary glances at Nimitz.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Don't mind the office, Admiral. It's
text: a work in progress.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Like our fleet.
text: The secretary smiles and exits, closing the door behind her.
text: King growls into the phone -- as Roosevelt himself once said,
text: "he's a man who shaves with a blowtorch."
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KING
dialog: I need an answer today, dammit.
text: The phone slams back onto its receiver. King turns toward
text: Nimitz, who greets him with a salute.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Congratulations, sir. You were the
dialog: right choice for commander -in-chief
dialog: of the Navy.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KING
dialog: When they get in trouble, they send
dialog: for the sons of bitches.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sorry about the Arizona. She was
dialog: your flagship, wasn't she?
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Yes. A lot of good men on that ship.
text: We hear the pain in Nimitz's tone: he's lost countless
text: friends. King waves at the folding chairs. As they sit --
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KING
dialog: The situation in the Pacific is even
dialog: worse than has been reported. We
dialog: have three carriers, the Japs have
dialog: ten. We have zero functional
dialog: battleships, they have nine. They
dialog: have more cruisers, more bombers,
dialog: more fighters, and much of their
text: equipment is more modern.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Can we shift resources from the
dialog: Atlantic?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KING
dialog: The President has decided that Germany
dialog: must be the priority of the war
dialog: effort. If England and Russia fall...
text: The enormity of the challenge weighs on both men. Finally --
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KING (CONT'D)
dialog: It will take at least a year to build
dialog: new ships and train more men. In the
dialog: meantime we'll just have to count on
dialog: the boys we have to hold the line.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I don't envy the new commander.
text: King stares at him, flat. Nimitz does the math.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: It's me, isn't it?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KING
dialog: The President asked for you himself.
dialog: He said that you should get the hell
dialog: out to Pearl and stay there until
dialog: our ships sail into Tokyo Bay.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL KING (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Welcome to the most difficult job in
dialog: the world.
text: We go CLOSE on Nimitz as he processes the words. This is the
dialog: greatest opportunity -- and responsibility -- of his life.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The crumpled remains of the Arizona jut out of the water,
text: surrounded by a vast oil slick. A grim crew of sailors on
text: the deck are carefully removing incinerated human remains
text: and placing them into canvas bags.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: A group has gathered on the nearby shore of the harbor for a
text: funeral. A large photo of an officer in his white dress
text: uniform reveals that the honoree is Cliff Janz.
text: Cliff's wife SARAH, 28, lays a wreath of flowers in the water.
text: She stares at the wreck of the Arizona -- just a few hundred
text: yards away -- as a bugler PLAYS "Taps."
text: Behind Sarah is a row of Naval officers in their dress
text: uniforms along with their wives and families. Best holds
text: hands with Ann, his jaw working furiously as he tries to
text: contain his grief.
text: Sarah's two young sons are next to Cliff's photo, doing their
text: best to be brave. But one begins to cry, and Ann steps forward
text: and puts an arm around him.
dialog: We PAN to reveal that several other ceremonies are being
text: conducted further down the shore.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Best, Ann and Sarah stand next to a Ford V-8 as Sarah's two
text: sons wait patiently in the back seat.
text: Sarah's eyes flicker to the wreck of the Arizona.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: It's just so empty. We don't even
dialog: have a body to bury.
text: Best can't find the words to respond. Ann finally says...
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I know.
text: Sarah locks on Best.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Cliff wanted to be a pilot like you,
dialog: but I talked him out of it. I said
dialog: it was too dangerous.
dialog: 31.
text: Sarah shakes her head, caught by the cruel irony, and then
text: opens her car door.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll see you at the next funeral. I
dialog: think we have two more today and
dialog: three tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: You don't have to go.
text: Sarah sets her jaw, finding some bastion of inner strength.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yes I do. We're family.
text: Ann and Best just nod; they know exactly what Sarah means.
text: The Navy takes care of its own.
scene_heading: INT. SMITH'S UNION BAR (HONOLULU) - DAY
text: Christmas decorations incongruously hang amid military
text: memorabilia and tiki kitsch. Naval officers in their dress
text: uniforms pack the narrow space from end-to-end. The photo of
text: Cliff hangs in a position of honor over the bar.
text: Best, Dickinson and McClusky huddle in a corner, obviously
text: several drinks deep. McClusky finishes his beer. Then:
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Did you hear? Wake Island fell.
text: Best shakes his head, morose.
speaker_heading: BEST
text: Four hundred and fifty Marines hold
dialog: out against a whole Jap invasion
dialog: force for fifteen days and the Navy
text: just leaves them there to die.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Washington was probably worried about
text: losing the rest of the fleet.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: We can't win this war if they don't
dialog: let us fight.
text: DING! The bell behind the bar rings. JIMMY THATCH, 36, stands
text: on a chair to deliver a toast. He's an icy-cool fighter pilot
text: with a distinctive Arkansas drawl.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: I just want to say that Cliff Janz
dialog: was one of the finest bastards I've
dialog: ever met. I could talk about the man
dialog: for an hour, but I think that's a
dialog: job for one of you boys who went to
text: the Academy with him.
dialog: 32.
text: Heads swivel, searching for a candidate. Best turns to
text: Dickinson, but Dickinson waves him off, eyes already wet. He
text: chokes out the words:
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: I can't.
text: And so Best clambers onto the bar and turns to the sea of
dialog: faces. Best hates public speaking, but he'll be damned if
text: nobody eulogizes his friend. Best gestures at Thatch.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Well, hell... I can't let some fighter
dialog: jockey speak for Cliff. Especially
dialog: one not good enough to fly from
dialog: Enterprise.
text: Thatch smiles at the jab as men from other ships good-
text: naturedly boo. Best holds up his hands for silence.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Summer after plebe year me and Cliff
dialog: went up to visit his uncle on the
dialog: Great Lakes. It's the peak of
dialog: Prohibition, and we decide to sail to
dialog: Canada in the dead of night to buy
dialog: some beer. We get the beer all right,
dialog: but on our way back -- right before
text: the sun comes up -- the wind dies.
text: Best pauses for a moment, lost in the memory.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: There we are, floating in the middle
text: of the lake, just waiting for the
dialog: Border Patrol to show up. I say we
dialog: should ditch the booze. But Cliff
dialog: says, ‘Hell no. We'll drink it all.'
dialog: When those officers found us, we
dialog: were rolling.
text: The group hoots in appreciation. But Best's expression changes
text: like a dark cloud passing in front of the sun.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Cliff loved to laugh -- and he never
dialog: seemed to break a sweat -- but if
dialog: you dug deep there was something
dialog: else. I don't know what happened
dialog: aboard the Arizona, but I guarantee
dialog: Cliff went down fighting.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Cliff was my roommate, my best man,
dialog: the godfather to my daughter. I
dialog: thought that someday we'd be drinking
text: beer on a porch and telling lies
dialog: about what we did in the big war.
dialog: 33.
text: For a painful moment Best gets lost in his emotions. But
text: then he grabs a shot glass from the bar and holds it up.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: To Cliff! May you get to Heaven before
dialog: the Devil knows you're dead.
text: The group roars, the sound deafening in the small bar, and
text: then everyone downs their shots.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL STATION PEARL HARBOR - WHARF - DAY
text: Best, McClusky and Dickinson weave down the wharf toward the
text: looming shape of the Enterprise, their faces flushed with
text: alcohol. Dickinson pauses, eyes locked on something.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Shit. Shore patrol.
text: A small convoy of jeeps is streaking toward them, flags flying
text: from the hoods. Best squints.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Nah, that's an Admiral's flag. I bet
dialog: it's the new commander.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Who do you think it is?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I don't care if it's Gengis Khan if
dialog: he'll let us fight.
text: The jeeps speed closer. A figure with shock of white hair is
text: sitting ramrod straight in the back of the lead vehicle.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Looks like Nimitz.
text: The men nod appreciatively; this is good news.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: At least they sent the A-team.
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Hey, Nimitz! Let us at those Japs!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: NIMITZ
text: The words carry over the Jeep's engine. As Nimitz turns his
text: head toward the three officers walking on the wharf, a
text: horrified STAFF OFFICER leans toward his new commander.
speaker_heading: STAFF OFFICER
dialog: Sorry, sir. Do you want me to go get
dialog: their names?
text: Nimitz shakes his head, a thin smile on his face.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: We've taken a hell of a wallop. I'm
dialog: glad that at least some of the boys
dialog: still want to fight.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - NIMITZ'S OFFICE - DAY
text: A giant map of the Pacific Theater dominates one wall. Nimitz
text: sits behind a large desk, flipping through a stack of files.
text: Layton enters and gives him a stiff salute.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Welcome to Pearl, sir. I'm Lieutenant
dialog: Commander Layton.
text: Nimitz glances up from his work.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I know who you are.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Then you'll understand my request. I
dialog: wish to be reassigned to a destroyer.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: You can kill more Japs here with me
dialog: than you'll ever kill on a destroyer.
text: Layton blinks. He wasn't expecting that response.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: You want me on your staff?
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Didn't you try to warn my predecessor
dialog: about the impending attack?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Not exactly. I said that we had lost
dialog: track of the enemy carriers and needed
dialog: to be prepared.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: But Admiral Kimmel didn't take you
dialog: seriously because Washington disagreed.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I should have pushed harder.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: A lesson, I assume, that you have
dialog: taken to heart.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Sir, I'm the intelligence officer
dialog: responsible for overseeing the greatest
dialog: intelligence failure in American
dialog: history. It will look bad if you keep
dialog: me.
dialog: 35.
text: Nimitz gives Layton a long look. Then:
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Close the door.
text: Layton complies. Nimitz stands and comes around the desk.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Morale is low -- and for good reason.
dialog: The Philippines are soon to fall, and
dialog: the Japanese are advancing on all
text: fronts at a terrifying pace. Even
dialog: worse, meaningful reinforcements won't
dialog: arrive for at least another year. I
dialog: nevertheless believe that we can hold
dialog: the line. I know the fighting spirit
dialog: of our men, and I have faith in them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I also need to know that they
dialog: have faith in themselves.
text: Layton chews over the words for a long moment; he understands
text: exactly what Nimitz is asking him. Finally --
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I knew what the Japanese were going
dialog: to do, but I didn't push hard enough.
dialog: I won't make that mistake again.
text: Nimitz nods, the question settled.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Then you will be my Admiral Yamamoto.
dialog: Get in his head, tell me what he's
dialog: going to do next.
text: Nimitz walks over to the giant map, Layton trailing him.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Here's my first assignment. We need
dialog: to throw a punch. Not just for morale,
dialog: but so that the Japanese know what
text: it feels like to be hit.
text: Nimitz's finger circles a desolate cluster of islands squarely
text: in the center of the Pacific.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sending Halsey and the Enterprise
dialog: to hit the Marshall Islands. But I
dialog: need to know that they aren't walking
text: into a trap.
text: Layton starts toward the door; he understands the assignment.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I'll locate the enemy carriers.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - NIGHT
text: The great ship churns through the Pacific, leaving a
text: translucent green wake behind her.
scene_heading: SUPER: "MARSHALL ISLANDS - FEBRUARY 1, 1942. 0400."
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - PILOT READY ROOM - NIGHT
text: McClusky stands at the front of the room, delivering the
text: briefing to the assembled pilots.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: The target is Roi Island. Our
dialog: submarines have reported shipping
text: traffic and a military airfield.
dialog: Although we have the advantage of
dialog: surprise, we don't know exactly what
dialog: we're facing. So hit them as hard as
dialog: possible and then get the hell out.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: What about the enemy carriers?
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Intelligence says they're two thousand
text: miles away.
text: Best raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: The same group of geniuses who blew
dialog: Pearl Harbor?
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Like I said... be prepared for
dialog: anything.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - NIGHT
text: Moonlight illuminates the rows of tightly-packed planes.
text: Best strides up to his SBD where Murray waits, practically
text: vibrating with nervous energy.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Morning, sir. What's the plan?
speaker_heading: BEST
text: The other squadrons will hit first.
dialog: We'll go in last to clean up the
dialog: remaining targets.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Meaning the Japs are going to be
dialog: ready for us.
dialog: (Best shrugs)
dialog: What if we're shot down?
text: Murray is clearly jooking for reassurance from his pilot.
text: Best jerks a finger at the SBD's twin Brownings.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I'm not going to be a POW, so your
dialog: job is to get those .30 cals to me.
dialog: We'll put our backs into a sand dune
dialog: and keep shooting until they have to
dialog: kill us to get the damn guns.
text: Murray's knees weaken -- this is not the morale boost he
text: needed. But Best just swings up into the cockpit, oblivious.
scene_heading: INT. LINDSEY'S TBD - DAY (DAWN)
text: Lindsey flies low, the waves just fifty feet beneath the
text: belly of his plane. His eyes are locked on a dozen ships
text: tightly clustered in a narrow anchorage.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: I've got the heavy cruiser in my
text: sights. Pick a target and get close
dialog: enough to make them count.
text: Tracers abruptly streak out toward the planes from either
text: side of the anchorage. Lindsey yanks a lever...
text: ...and his TBD lurches as the one-ton torpedo splashes into
text: the water below. Lindsey immediately banks away from the
text: gunfire. The torpedo, meanwhile, bubbles toward --
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE FREIGHTER - DAY (DAWN)
text: Panicked sailors shout in Japanese on the deck of the lightly-
text: armed ship. The engines rumble to a start as men furiously
text: work to slip the anchor, but the ship remains a sitting duck.
text: At the last moment the men brace for impact --
text: THUD! The torpedo slams into the hull and breaks in half.
text: The stunned sailors pick themselves off the deck and glance
text: over the side where the broken pieces of the weapon bob as
text: innocently as buoys.
scene_heading: EXT. ROI AIRFIELD - DAY (DAWN)
text: The rising sun on the horizon matches the Japanese flag flying
text: over the base. A siren BLARES a warning as a line of Type 96
text: fighters hurtle themselves into the air.
text: At the last moment we catch a glimpse of a diving aircraft --
text: it's an SBD. Bombs drop from the wings.
scene_heading: INT. DICKINSON'S SBD - DAY
text: Dickinson stares at a series of distant explosions through a
text: pair of binoculars. The sprawling archipelago of the Marshall
text: Islands is visible below him, partially concealed by clouds.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Looks like our boys on Roi poked a
text: hornet's nest.
dialog: 38.
text: Dickinson swings the binoculars. A fast-moving cloud passes
text: ahead of him, revealing another Japanese airfield in the
text: center of a large island. Dozens of planes Tine the runway.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: Dickinson fumbles to toggle the switch on his radio.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: We've got a problem. I have eyes on
text: a second enemy airfield.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best flies above a cloud, the five other planes of his
text: scouting squadron trailing off his right wing.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (V.0O.)
dialog: I'm counting maybe thirty bombers.
text: And heavy fighter cover.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Copy that.
dialog: (he flips the channel)
dialog: You hear that, boys? If we don't
dialog: knock out that airfield, they'll go
dialog: after Enterprise. And I want a place
dialog: to land when this is over.
text: Best shoves his throttle forward.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay on my wing.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Reports pour in from the radio as Captain Browning marks the
text: estimated positions of the various air groups on the map.
text: Halsey enters and locks on Browning.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: What have we got?
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
text: The Roi airfield is out of commission.
dialog: Our torpedo bombers are going after
text: some ships in the harbor.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: But there's another major airfield
text: on Taroa. At least thirty bombers.
text: Halsey blanches. This is not good news.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Can we hit it?
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
text: Best and his scouts are en route.
dialog: But they've got no fighter cover.
dialog: 39.
text: Halsey's expression is clear: that's nowhere near enough
dialog: planes to do the job.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Taroa Island is quickly approaching. Metal glints off the
text: left wingtip of Best's SBD, catching Murray's attention. He
text: frantically shouts into his intercom.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Enemy fighters, sir. Nine o'clock.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: We got company. Start your runs.
text: Best shoves the throttle forward and then drops the SBD's
text: nose. As the plane accelerates, flak bursts in the sky ahead
text: of them. The percussion wave rattles the airframe.
text: Best ignores the flak and rolls the SBD onto its back. An
text: instant later they're plummeting downwards at the plane's
text: terminal velocity -- almost three hundred miles an hour.
text: Murray clutches the handles in the back seat, floating against
text: his harness as he goes weightless. His panicked eyes are
text: focused on the altimeter, which is spinning downward.
dialog: Ten thousand feet... eight thousand feet...
text: Best peers into the three-powered telescope above the
text: instrument panel, one hand on the stick and the other on the
text: bomb release. Murray's voice echoes in his ear.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (V.O.)
dialog: Three thousand... two thousand...
text: Best yanks the bomb release, and the plane lurches as five
text: hundred pounds fall away. He pulls the stick --
text: -- and is slammed back into his seat as the immense weight
text: of six Gs slam into his torso.
scene_heading: EXT. TAROA AIRFIELD - DAY
text: An anti-aircraft emplacement spits shells into the face of
text: Best's oncoming SBD. The air SCREAMS as the plane pulls out
text: of its dive, just a hundred feet off the ground.
text: BOOM! The largest hanger explodes as Best's bomb detonates,
text: shredding a dozen Japanese bombers.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best works the stick, blinking the haze from his eyes. A
text: fighter appears in the windscreen, and Best steers straight
text: at it. He lines up his gunsight and depresses the trigger --
dialog: 40.
text: RAT-TAT-TAT! The SBD vibrates with the shots. The muzzle of
text: the Japanese plane is also flashing, and we WHIP PAN as it
text: passes us at 500 miles an hour.
text: Best glances over his shoulder and sees black smoke burst
text: from the enemy fighter's wing. But he has no time to celebrate
text: because two other fighters are closing from six o'clock.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Get those bastards off me.
text: Murray opens fire as Best weaves and bobs, trying to stay
text: out of their gunsights. But the fighters keep closing until --
text: THUD! THUD! Bullets slam into the SBD. Murray instinctively
text: drops the guns and takes cover.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep firing, dammit!
text: It takes an enormous effort, but Murray forces himself to
text: return to the guns. As they chatter back into action, the
text: second enemy fighter begins its pass...
text: ...but Best pulls back on the stick and the SBD rises into a
text: massive cumulus cloud. Suddenly, the world is white. Murray
text: nervously peers from side to side until --
text: -- they pop back out into the brilliant blue. Murray locks
text: on an object off the right wing.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Bogey! Three o'clock.
text: The SBD ducks back into the clouds. Ten claustrophobic seconds
text: pass. And then they emerge back into the sunlight...
text: Murray pans from side to side. Nothing. But just as he
text: breathes a sigh of relief, he notices a plume spewing from
dialog: their right wing.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Mr. Best, we're on fire!
text: Best turns to look. And then he shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Damn it, Murray, that's just gasoline.
dialog: Don't scare me like that again.
text: Murray's face says, just gasoline? And then he sinks back
text: into his seat, utterly drained from his baptism by fire.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Best's SBD taxies to a halt. Dickinson is waiting for Best
text: as he emerges from the cockpit.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: We got most of those bombers. But
dialog: not all of 'em.
text: Dickinson gives the damaged wing a dry glance.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Looks like they almost got you.
text: Best fingers one of the holes made by the Japanese rounds
text: and then shrugs, unfazed.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Not enough lead.
text: Murray, on the other hand, gives the damage a horrified look
text: as he registers exactly how close they came to the edge.
text: Dickinson's radioman, BRUNO GAIDO, 24, sidles up to him.
text: Bruno is short with a heavy Long Island accent.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You're lucky to fly with Best.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Want to trade?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: What? Too much excitement for you?
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Yeah. He's trying to win the war all
dialog: by himself.
text: Bruno is about to respond, but an air raid siren abruptly
text: BLARES. Best and Dickinson share a glance.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: That can't be good.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Halsey paces behind the radar officer, who is staring into
text: his scope like a crystal ball.
speaker_heading: RADAR OFFICER
dialog: We have multiple bogies. About fifteen
text: miles out and closing fast.
speaker_heading: RADIO OFFICER
text: Fighting Six en route to intercept.
text: A burst of STATIC from the radio. Then --
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.0O.)
dialog: This is Six Foxtrot One. We have
text: visual on five twin-engine bombers.
dialog: Stand by to intercept.
text: Ten seconds of silence. Tension swells on the bridge. And
text: then an explosion of noise from the radio.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Guns jammed! Guns jammed!
dialog: (another voice)
dialog: Dammit to hell. Me too.
dialog: (the first voice)
dialog: Enterprise, this is Six Foxtrot One.
dialog: Intercept failed.
text: Everyone looks to Halsey. He stands ramrod straight, seemingly
text: unfazed by the news.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: We'll do it the old fashioned way.
dialog: Fire with everything we've got.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: As the gun emplacements on either side of the deck swing
text: into action, the ships escorting the Enterprise also open
text: fire. Clouds of flak burst off the stern in an ominous storm.
text: Dickinson and Best remain standing on the deck, watching
text: with a professional detachment as five Japanese Type 96
text: ("Nell") bombers race toward the carrier.
text: The flak is bursting far behind the incoming aircraft, and
text: Dickinson shakes his head, frustrated.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Goddamned gunners... don't they know
dialog: they've gotta lead those planes?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: They're too excited. They've never
text: fired at a live target before.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Might as well be using water pistols.
text: The Nells are now just a thousand yards away -- close enough
text: to see their bomb bay doors opening.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Brace for impact.
text: The men crouch against the deck as bombs fall from the planes.
dialog: The Japanese have the Enterprise dead to rights...
text: ...but the deck lurches as the helmsman swings the wheel.
text: This is a twenty-thousand ton ship moving at thirty knots,
text: but she is nevertheless surprisingly agile.
text: Best stares up at the bombs, calculating. The first ones
text: slam into the water a hundred yards to starboard.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - ENGINE ROOM - DAY
text: Steam hisses as the giant turbines whirl. A giant BOSUN
text: bellows amid the noise.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: Flank speed!
text: THUD! THUD! The force of the bombs detonating in the water
text: slams into the hull like a giant hammer.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: The final bomb explodes just fifty feet off the starboard
text: bow, showering the deck with water. Halsey watches the bombers
text: as they pass over the ship and then turns to his officers.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Tell the helmsmen that was damn good
dialog: steering.
text: Browning points out the window.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
text: It isn't over.
text: Four of the bombers are streaking away from the carrier, but
text: one is turning around and coming back.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Best and Dickinson stare at the incoming bomber. It's rapidly
text: dropping altitude, nose pointed at the ship.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: What the hell is he doing?
speaker_heading: BEST
text: Turning himself into a bomb.
text: The bomber is approaching directly from the stern, and most
text: of the Enterprise's AA guns are therefore unable to train on
text: it. Best helplessly watches the bomber, doing the math, until
text: a lone figure dashes across the deck.
text: It's Bruno Gaido. He runs to the aftmost parked SBD, leaps
text: into the rear séat, and racks the .30 cals. An instant later
text: he opens fire in the face of the oncoming bomber.
text: The Japanese pilot adjusts his course so that he's coming
text: straight toward Bruno. It's an old-fashioned duel: mano a
text: mano. Bruno keeps firing, unflinching, until --
text: -- the bomber's wing abruptly bursts into flame. But the
text: Japanese pilot ignores it and fights to hold his course.
text: Best and Dickinson watch in horror as the bomber's wing slices
text: through Bruno's SBD -- cutting it in half -- before the
text: Japanese plane skids over the deck and slams into the ocean.
text: The rear half of the SBD does a 360, sliding with a screech
text: toward the sea, but it miraculously grinds to a halt just
text: feet from the edge of the deck.
dialog: 44.
text: RAT-TAT-TAT! The .30 cals are still firing. Bruno stands on
text: his tiptoes and hammers more bullets into the sinking plane.
text: When it finally disappears beneath the waves, he calmly flips
text: the safety on the .30 cals and then swings out onto the deck.
text: Dickinson and Best are rushing up to the plane along with
text: the fire crew. As they spray the SBD with water, Dickinson
text: stares at Bruno and shakes his head, incredulous.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Damn, Bruno.
text: Bruno just shrugs.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Ain't they paying us to kill Japs?
text: Before Dickinson can reply, a breathless ENSIGN runs up to
text: the group. He points at Bruno.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: Admiral Halsey wants to see you on
dialog: the bridge.
text: Bruno blanches. He might have had no qualms about facing
text: down a Japanese bomber, but being called up to the bridge is
dialog: a whole different ballgame.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: The ensign enters, Bruno warily trailing behind him. Halsey
text: turns away from a chart and locks on Bruno.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: That's the bravest damn thing I've
dialog: ever seen. What's your name, son?
text: Bruno draws himself up in his best salute.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Bruno Gaido, sir. Aviation Machinist's
dialog: Mate Third Class.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Well, Bruno... you are now an Aviation
text: Machinist's Mate First Class.
text: As Bruno breaks into a smile, Browning catches Halsey's eye.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: Admiral, don't you think it's about
dialog: time we got the hell out of here?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I was thinking the same thing myself.
text: Halsey turns to the radioman.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Signal the fleet. Tell them it's
dialog: time to haul ass with Halsey.
text: As the radioman moves to comply, Big Band music incongruously
text: begins to PLAY in the background.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROYAL HAWAIIAN HOTEL - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT
text: The sprawling compound, known from its paint color as the
text: "Pink Palace," overlooks Waikiki Beach. Palm trees sway in
text: the breeze -- it feels a million miles away from the war.
scene_heading: EXT. ROYAL HAWAIIAN HOTEL - MAIN ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: The Navy has taken over the hotel. Officers in uniform stream
text: in the front door, along with young women wearing USO pins.
text: A well-worn Ford parks, and Best gets out of the car. He
text: holds the door open for Ann. As she emerges, she gives a
text: passing gaggle of USO women a dry look.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Are you sure that you want your wife
dialog: flying wingman for you tonight?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Nobody told me there were going to be
dialog: USO girls. So if you wouldn't mind
dialog: letting me do a quick lap by myself...
text: Ann gives his arm a condescending pat.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: That's cute. But we both know you
dialog: can barely handle the woman you have.
text: Best smiles and then takes Ann's arm and leads her toward
text: the hotel's entrance.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL HAWAIIAN HOTEL - WAGON WHEEL - NIGHT
text: The Western-themed restaurant is packed with revelers. Service
text: members surreptitiously sip from flasks as couples whirl on
text: the dance floor in front of a Navy band.
text: Best sits with his arm around Ann at a table across from
text: Dickinson and McClusky. Dickinson is midway through a story.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: So my dad takes the turn too hard,
dialog: and I literally fall off the back of
dialog: the turnip truck. The next thing I
dialog: know this girl is --
text: A burst of CHEERING from the corner interrupts the story:
text: it's a group of torpedo bombers and USO women. Lindsey stands
text: at the center of the circle, basking in attention.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: TORPEDO BOMBER
dialog: We showed those Japs!
text: As the group cheers again, Best rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Look at those yahoos. We faced the
dialog: Jap's B-team, and they still gave us
dialog: all we could handle.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Maybe. But a win's a win. Why not
dialog: enjoy the moment?
text: Best considers the words and then glances down at Ann's empty
text: glass. He squeezes her shoulder.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Want another drink?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I do if you want me to dance.
text: Best smiles and heads toward the bar. When he's gone, McClusky
text: leans across the table toward Ann.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: You should be proud of your man. He
dialog: was a rock out there.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Why isn't he commanding the squadron?
text: McClusky blinks at her bluntness -- amusing Dickinson, who
text: is more familiar with Ann's style.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: I don't make those decisions.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I understood before the war when
dialog: everything was about politics. But
dialog: now? He's the best pilot in the fleet.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: There's an old saying in the Navy.
dialog: The best pilots don't make the best
dialog: commanders.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: What does that mean?
text: Dickinson and McClusky stare at Ann, weighing her. Dickinson
text: eventually decides to be honest.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Your husband expects everyone to be
dialog: as good as he is. And he has no
dialog: patience when we aren't.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: But real leadership comes from
dialog: understanding what makes the rest of
dialog: us tick.
text: Ann absorbs the words and then glances across the bar at
text: Best, who is still waiting for his drinks. As he reaches for
text: his wallet, a man bellies up to the bar next to him.
text: It's Layton. He glances at the patch on Best's jacket.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: You're a dive bomber on Enterprise?
text: Best nods, eyes locked on the bartender.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Can I buy you a round?
text: Best swings his head to look at Layton. He immediately locks
text: on the insignia attached to his collar.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Fleet Intelligence, huh?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Maybe you guys should spend less
dialog: time drinking and more time trying
dialog: to find the Japs.
text: Best's tone is flat, but there's no mistaking the insult.
text: Layton flushes.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: This is my first time out since Pearl.
dialog: Me and my team are trying to win
dialog: this war, just like you flyboys.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Yeah, and every time I see the wreck
dialog: of the Arizona I think about what a
dialog: bang-up job you're doing.
text: At that moment the bartender returns with the drinks. Best
text: slaps a five-dollar bill on the bar.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep the change, buddy.
text: Best grabs the drinks and strides back to his table, leaving
text: a stunned Layton in his wake. He puts the glasses down in
text: front of the group and offers Ann his hand.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's dance.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL HAWAIIAN HOTEL - WAGON WHEEL - NIGHT
text: The party continues as Best and Ann slowly swirl on the dance
text: floor, her head on his shoulder. For this one moment they
text: are just a young couple in love.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Light from the hallway illuminates a child's bedroom. Best
text: crouches on the floor, watching BARBERA BEST, 4, sleep. She
text: clutches a teddy bear clad in a Naval Academy football jersey.
text: The door opens slightly, revealing Ann wearing a bathrobe.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Come to bed.
text: Best gently smooths Barb's covers and kisses her forehead.
text: And then, after one reluctant last look, he leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - NIMITZ'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Nimitz comes around his desk to greet Halsey, hand
text: outstretched. As they shake --
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Hell of a job, Bill.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Well, I got the boys' feet wet. But
dialog: I might have pushed my luck a little
text: bit at the end.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: We aren't going to get back in this
dialog: war without taking a few chances.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: In that spirit there's someone who I
dialog: want you to meet.
text: Nimitz nods at the corner of the room, and JIMMY DOOLITTLE,
text: 45, steps forward. He wears a leather bomber jacket and --
text: like Halsey -- has an infectious swagger.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: This is Lieutenant Colonel Doolittle
dialog: from the Army Air Force. He wants to
dialog: bomb Tokyo.
text: Halsey gives Doolittle a dubious look.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: So do I. But there's the small matter
dialog: of fighting through the entire
dialog: Japanese navy first.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That's why I want to launch my B-25s
dialog: from one of your carriers.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE (CONT'D)
dialog: We have the range to strike from
text: outside the Japanese defenses.
text: Halsey blinks, not quite sure that he heard Doolittle right,
dialog: e
text: and then glances at Nimitz.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: He's out of his goddamned mind.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: They say the same thing about you.
dialog: Are you willing to try and get him
dialog: within 500 miles of Japan?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: If some Army flyboy has the guts to
text: launch a fifteen ton aircraft from a
dialog: carrier, I don't see how the Navy
dialog: can say no.
text: Nimitz nods, decision made.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Then you gentlemen are partners.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Enterprise sorties into the open ocean. Hornet trails behind
text: her, sixteen B-25Bs strapped to her flight deck. The planes
text: look outlandishly large on the carrier.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - PILOT READY ROOM - DAY
text: Five young pilots shift nervously in their seats. Best
text: abruptly bursts into the room and launches into a speech
text: without so much as clearing his throat.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Welcome aboard Enterprise. You're
dialog: replacing good men -- much earlier
dialog: than either me or the Navy wanted.
dialog: But that's war.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Questions?
text: The men blink, overwhelmed. WILLIE WEST, 24, finally sticks
text: his hand in the air. Willie is athletic and unrelentingly
dialog: earnest -- an all-American in the old sense of the phrase.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I saw the bombers on the deck of the
dialog: Hornet. Where are we going, sir?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: The destination of this task force
dialog: is Tokyo.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Tokyo?
dialog: 50.
text: Best stares at Willie, reading his nerves and naivete. After
dialog: an uncomfortable moment --
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: As XO it's my job to make sure you're
dialog: worth more than a bucket of warm spit,
dialog: and I don't have time to coddle you.
dialog: The Japs are waiting for us, so we
dialog: need pilots who can hold their own.
text: Best starts toward the door. He speaks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll hold your qualifying landings
dialog: as soon as we launch those bombers.
dialog: I need you in the rotation ASAP, so
dialog: don't screw it up.
text: And then he's gone. The five young pilots stare at each other,
text: eyes wide. Last week they were in flight school; today they're
text: in the middle of the war.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: Enterprise and Hornet steam due west, surrounded by a ring
text: of cruisers and destroyers.
scene_heading: SUPER: "APRIL 18, 1942. 750 MILES WEST OF JAPAN"
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Halsey stands in the center of the bridge, reading a message.
text: He glances up at his officers.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
text: Enemy pickets five miles out. They're
dialog: going to blow our cover.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: Should we tell Doolittle to launch?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Every mile we get him closer to Tokyo
dialog: is fuel he can use to get the hell
dialog: out of there. But...
text: Halsey's face reflects his dilemma: he also has to worry
dialog: about his own men.
scene_heading: EXT. USS HORNET - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: The B-25Bs are parked impossibly close together on the deck.
text: Army crews scramble to get into the planes as the cruiser
text: USS Nashville fires her main battery in the background.
text: The heavy retort of the guns carries to Jimmy Thatch, who is
text: watching the scene with GEORGE GAY, 26. Gay is a torpedo
text: bomber with a blue-collar edge and a thick Texas twang.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: Jesus. You ever seen a cruiser fire
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: THATCH
text: Not at a live target.
text: Gay turns his attention to the B-25Bs. Doolittle is clambering
text: into the lead bomber.
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: They might be Army, but they've got
text: some balls on them.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Ten bucks they don't get those planes
text: off the deck.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: I'll take that bet.
text: The twin engines of Doolittle's B-25B roar into action and
text: the bomber lurches forward. It's an impossibly short amount
text: of runway for the huge plane, and when it reaches the end of
text: the deck it drops toward the waiting sea...
text: ...but its wings claw for air, engines screaming, and the
text: plane recovers just above the crest of the waves. As it climbs
text: into the sky, the next B-25B starts down the deck.
text: Thatch breathes a sigh of relief and then looks at Gay, who
text: has a similar expression on his face.
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: That's ten bucks I'm glad to lose.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - CINCPAC OPERATIONS ROOM - DAY
text: Nimitz paces as his flag officers stare down at a giant map.
text: Layton and Rochefort, meanwhile, are huddled over a long-
text: range radio set in the corner.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Shouldn't the bombers have reached
dialog: Japan by now?
text: Rochefort twists a dial and the radio locks on a station. A
text: seductive female voice speaks English with a Japanese accent.
text: This is the notorious propagandist TOKYO ROSE.
speaker_heading: TOKYO ROSE (V.0.)
dialog: Hello, this is Radio Tokyo. Everyone
dialog: is talking about the collapse of
dialog: American forces in the Philippines
dialog: and the capture of thousands of their
dialog: imperialist troops. Very soon our --
text: Tokyo Rose's voice abruptly ceases, followed by the faint
text: wail of an AIR RAID SIREN. Nimitz leans toward the radio,
text: trying to hear through the static.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Is that what I think it is?
text: A burst of SHOUTING in Japanese comes through the radio.
text: Everyone looks at Layton.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: What are they saying?
text: Layton listens for a moment. And then a thin smile.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
text: They're under attack.
scene_heading: EXT. LAYTON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Layton emerges from his well-worn Ford Deluxe and walks up
text: the driveway to his front door, briefcase under his arm.
scene_heading: INT. LAYTON HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Layton puts his briefcase on the table and pulls out a thick
text: sheaf of papers. As he begins to sort through them, Miriam
text: appears in the doorway, wearing a nightgown. She gives Layton
text: a long look, noting his haggard expression.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Come to bed. You look like something
text: the cat spat up.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I'll be right there.
text: Miriam crosses the room and removes his glasses. Layton
text: blinks; he's blind as a bat without them.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I'm taking these hostage.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Just half an hour. I promise.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Does America winning the war really
dialog: depend on Edwin Layton working himself
dialog: to death?
text: Layton weighs her words for a long moment. Finally --
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Some of our boys bombed Tokyo today.
dialog: They were supposed to land in Free
dialog: China, but they ran out of fuel and
dialog: had to bail out over Japanese occupied
dialog: territory. If the Japs catch them,
dialog: they'll be tortured and executed.
text: Miriam blinks, shocked at both the news and the fact that
dialog: her husband shared the information.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: What can you do to help them?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Probably nothing. But we're not going
dialog: to lose any more men because I didn't
dialog: dig deep or push hard enough.
text: Layton says it without affect, but Miriam can nevertheless
text: hear the pain behind the words. She carefully slides the
text: glasses back onto his face and starts toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I'll fix you a sandwich.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINA - MOUNTAINSIDE - DAY (DAWN)
text: Japanese soldiers cluster around a crashed B-25B, staring at
text: the American insignia painted on its wings and tail. An
text: officer TALKS into a radio, his tone insistent.
scene_heading: INT. CHINA - WATER MILL - DAY
text: Doolittle sits against a wall, bandaging a badly-sprained
text: ankle. A dog trots inside. It growls when it notices him.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hey, beat it.
text: The dog responds by bursting into a fit of barking. A moment
text: later Doolittle hears VOICES outside the door. He looks for
text: another exit, but he's trapped.
text: Doolittle draws his service revolver and checks the action.
text: But his expression is conflicted as he stares down at the
dialog: gun. Is he really going to use it?
scene_heading: EXT. CHINA - VILLAGE - DAY
text: A group of Chinese men hurry a limping Doolittle past gawking
text: peasants. They lead him through a door into --
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOLHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The cramped room is packed with more peasants. Doolittle
text: locks on a familiar face: COLE (his co-pilot) is standing
text: between a pair of burly men in the corner.
text: As the two Americans exchange a worried glance, ZHU XUESAN,
text: 33, enters. The peasants give him a nod of respect. He looks
text: at Doolittle and speaks in accented English.
speaker_heading: ZHU
dialog: Who are you?
text: Doolittle briefly hesitates before squaring his shoulders.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: American pilots. We crashed here
dialog: after bombing Japan.
dialog: 54.
text: Zhu processes the words and then turns and speaks to the
text: rest of the group in Chinese. Doolittle tries to read their
text: reaction, but for an anxious moment they're stone-faced...
text: ...and then they turn to him and begin to smile and bow.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINA - COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: A Japanese armored car rushes down the center of a dirt road.
text: It makes no effort to swerve around an ox-drawn hay wagon,
text: and the ancient-looking vehicle is forced into a ditch.
text: As the dust recedes we reveal that the "farmer" calming the
text: ox is actually Zhu. We PAN back to reveal two faces peering
text: out from beneath the hay: Cole and Doolittle. Cole glances
text: from the retreating armored car to Zhu.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Why are they helping us?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: If you think Pearl Harbor was bad,
dialog: you should have seen what the Japs
dialog: did to Nanking.
text: The wagon wheels squeak as the ox once again lumbers forward.
text: Zhu waits until they're back on the road and then speaks to
text: the Americans out of the corner of his mouth.
speaker_heading: ZHU
dialog: Tonight we will cross the lines. You
dialog: will be safe by morning. Yes?
text: Doolittle and Cole glance at each other, grateful for their
dialog: unexpected saviors. All they can say is...
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPAN - HASHIRAJIMA ANCHORAGE - DAY
text: The seven giant battleships that form the traditional heart
text: of the Japanese fleet lie at anchor. The largest of them all
text: is Yamato, the most powerful warship ever built.
scene_heading: EXT. YAMATO - MAIN DECK - DAY
text: Tamon steps aboard the ship, ignoring the salutes froma
text: line of midshipmen. Men are still welding on the deck --
text: Yamato is a month away from being declared operational.
scene_heading: INT. YAMATO - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Tamon marches down a long corridor and then stops in front
text: of a watertight door marked with an admiral's crest. He takes
text: a breath before he knocks and enters --
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. YAMATO - YAMAMOTO'S CABIN - CONTINUOUS
text: The dim light reveals that the spacious suite is filled with
text: an unusual blend of objects: framed degrees from Harvard and
text: Oxford next to samurai swords.
text: Yamamoto sits on a mat in the corner, legs crossed. He speaks
text: without looking at his guest.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Leave me.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: You must come out of your cabin.
dialog: It's bad for morale.
text: Yamamoto slowly turns his head. His eyes are hollow.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: The Emperor was in Tokyo during the
dialog: raid. We put his life at risk.
speaker_heading: TAMON
text: It was a handful of bombers.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: We swore to keep our homeland
text: impenetrable, so even a bungling
dialog: attack is better than the most
dialog: skillful defense.
text: Tamon hears the agony in Yamamoto's voice. He crosses the
text: room and crouches next to his commander.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: I came from Tokyo. Everyone now agrees
dialog: that you were right about the American
dialog: carriers. They must be destroyed.
text: Yamamoto stares at Tamon, a spark lighting in his eyes.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: They approved my Midway plan?
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Tojo says we must finish our operation
dialog: in the Coral Sea. But then we can
dialog: turn our attention to Midway.
text: Yamamoto unfolds his legs and stands.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Then we have work to do.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Dickinson and Best stand amid a group of pilots and radiomen
text: in the brilliant sunshine. Best holds a clipboard, his eyes
text: locked on a SBD approaching the carrier.
dialog: 56.
text: The pilot has taken too shallow an approach for his landing,
text: but he manages to correct and grabs the middle wire. Best
text: nods to himself and then marks the clipboard.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Not bad. We'll put him in the
dialog: rotation.
dialog: (to Dickinson)
dialog: Who's next to qualify?
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Willie West.
text: Best locks on a lone figure walking out to an idling plane.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Where's his radioman?
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: He couldn't find anyone willing to
dialog: fly with him.
dialog: (off Best)
dialog: They could smell his fear. First
dialog: time you land on this deck, it looks
dialog: like a postage stamp. And nobody
dialog: wants to get wet.
text: Best is clearly unhappy with the situation, but before he can
text: respond Bruno Gaido steps forward from the group of radiomen.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I'll go with him.
text: Everyone stares at Bruno; to the other radiomen this seems
text: like madness. But Bruno just shrugs.
speaker_heading: BRUNO (CONT'D)
dialog: He shouldn't fly alone.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: A lone SBD approaches the Enterprise, skewing awkwardly in
text: the air as the pilot makes constant micro-adjustments.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIE'S SBD - DAY
text: Willie clutches the stick in a death grip, eyes locked on
text: the carrier's deck. Bruno growls from the back seat.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Breathe, goddammit.
text: The words help; Willie slightly relaxes his grip.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: The SBD comes in like a wounded duck. It appears that it
text: might overshoot the carrier entirely, but at the last moment
text: it dips toward the deck. The wheels slam into the wood and
text: the hook miraculously catches the final wire.
dialog: 57.
text: Best and Dickinson share an incredulous glance.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I guess he passed.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
text: By an act of god.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Maybe. But we need him in the rotation.
dialog: (off Dickinson)
dialog: How else is he going to learn?
text: Dickinson doesn't like it, but he knows there's truth behind
dialog: Best's words. They need every pilot they can get.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
dialog: It's only been five months since the attack, but most of the
text: damage has been repaired and new buildings have arisen.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - NIMITZ'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Nimitz stares out the window at the harbor, brow furrowed as
text: he thinks. He finally turns back to the room, revealing --
text: -- Rochefort and Layton standing in front of the tactical
text: map. The position of two US carrier task forces are clearly
text: marked: Lexington and Yorktown are in the South Pacific and
text: Enterprise is halfway between them and Pearl Harbor.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: So the Japanese are sending two
dialog: carriers into the Coral Sea?
text: Layton's hand sweeps across a handful of islands.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: They're trying to break our lifeline
dialog: to Australia. And if they succeed...
text: We'll be screwed. Nimitz nods to himself.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
text: Then Lexington and Yorktown are in
dialog: the right spot. I'll order Enterprise
dialog: to join them.
text: Rochefort realizes they've been dismissed and starts for the
text: door. But Layton grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Tell him about the other thing.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: It's just a theory.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: What kind of theory?
dialog: 58.
dialog: Rochefort doesn't like being called on the carpet, especially
text: in front of his admiral. But he reluctantly explains.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: The Japanese are planning something
text: bigger. Much bigger.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: What makes you think that?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Little bits and pieces that we've
text: intercepted. A message that a
dialog: battleship won't be ready in time
dialog: for an upcoming operation. A request
dialog: for maps of the Aleutians Islands.
dialog: Orders for large quantities of
text: refueling hoses.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Where are they going to hit?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: We don't know yet.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Well, figure it out.
text: Nimitz means it as a joke, but Rochefort takes him at face
text: value. He salutes and then exits. Layton, however, lingers.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I trust his instincts.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I hope so. Because I'm betting on them.
text: Nimitz stares down at the two carriers in the South Pacific.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, we finally might be facing
dialog: decent odds. Especially if Enterprise
text: gets down there in time.
scene_heading: EXT. CORAL SEA - DAY
text: Amid the picturesque turquoise waters a carrier burns, a
text: thick plume of oily black smoke rising into the sky.
text: "Lexington" is painted across her stern.
scene_heading: SUPER: "CORAL SEA - MAY 8, 1942"
text: KABOOM! Aviation fuel ignites, sending the Lexington's rear
text: elevator soaring into the sky. This ship is finished.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (V.0O.)
text: Two enemy carriers supposedly wounded.
dialog: But at the price of the Lexington.
text: And Yorktown severely damaged.
dialog: 59.
text: The camera PANS to reveal a second carrier: the Yorktown.
text: She's burning from a bomb strike amidships.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Dammit. Why couldn't we have been there?
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Halsey paces on the bridge, a bundle of raw emotions. The
text: flag officers are staying out of his way.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: This leaves us and Hornet as the
dialog: only carriers in the Pacific.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Yeah. And Hornet is so green that
dialog: she looks like a goddamned floating
dialog: Christmas tree.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: We're the one ship standing between
dialog: the Japanese and the West Coast.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - PILOT READY ROOM - DAY
text: A dozen pilots read and play cards. Halsey enters and the
text: men instantly snap to attention.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I want to see Best and McClusky.
text: The other pilots quickly exit. It's clear from Best and
text: McClusky's expressions that they are wondering why their
dialog: admiral wants to see them alone.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (CONT'D)
text: At ease.
text: Right. They nevertheless do their best to appear relaxed.
text: alséy, meanwhile, leans against the wall and stares at the
text: flight board, absentmindedly scratching his side. Best notes
text: the deep bags under Halsey's eyes.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Are you okay, admiral?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'm not sleeping. Got some kind of
dialog: strange rash...
text: Halsey catches himself and squares his shoulders, the usual
text: bulldog expression returning to his face.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm done playing politics. This ship
dialog: is about to run a gauntlet, so I
dialog: need my best men in the right spots.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to McClusky)
dialog: You're now in charge of the whole
dialog: air group. I don't have a lick of
dialog: confidence in those damn torpedoes,
dialog: so I want you in a dive bomber.
dialog: (to Best)
dialog: And I'm bumping you up from second
dialog: in command of Bombing Six. You're
dialog: the new skipper.
text: The two men are speechless; all they can do is pull themselves
text: into a pair of crisp salutes. Halsey gives them a hard look.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (CONT'D)
dialog: The Navy -- hell, the whole damn
dialog: country -- is counting on you. So
dialog: don't screw it up.
text: And then he stomps out of the room, leaving Best and McClusky
text: alone with their new responsibilities.
scene_heading: INT. YAMATO - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Yamamoto marches down a hallway. Men are SHOUTING behind a
text: closed door. He throws it open and bursts into --
scene_heading: INT. YAMATO - MAP ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The shouting instantly ceases as Yamamoto enters. A dozen
text: officers stand around a giant table covered with a map. Tiny
text: ship models cover the central Pacific, and dice lie ona
dialog: felt pad -- it's a massive war game.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Why are you arguing? This is no way
dialog: to conduct a war game.
text: ADMIRAL NAGUMO, 61, stands in the center of the room, his
text: face red. A row of medals hang from his chest, and he fills
text: out his uniform like a samurai... but appearances lie. He's
text: a dull and utterly unimaginative commander.
text: Nagumo gestures at a JUNIOR OFFICER who is wearing an armband
text: marked with an American flag.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
dialog: That young fool deviated from
dialog: doctrine.
text: Nagumo's finger juts at_the center of the giant map, where
text: four Japanese carriers lie to the west of Midway Island.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO (CONT'D)
dialog: I followed your plan. We attacked
dialog: Midway with the carriers...
text: Nagumo's finger moves west to a thick cluster of ships.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO (CONT'D)
dialog: ...while our battleships waited here
dialog: to spring the trap. My carriers were
text: ready to pivot as soon as the
dialog: Americans responded from Pearl.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: But...?
text: Everyone's attention turns to the junior officer. He swallows
text: hard, trying to find his confidence.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR OFFICER
dialog: ny forces didn't come from Pearl.
dialog: They were waiting to the northeast
dialog: and launched their strike while Admiral
text: Nagumo's planes were occupied bombing
dialog: Midway. I sunk three of his carriers.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
dialog: Such a move is impossible. Unless
dialog: the Americans know we are coming.
text: Tamon speaks from the corner of the room, where he has been
text: watching the debate like a hawk.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: But what will you do if you are wrong?
dialog: If the Americans have the advantage
dialog: of surprise?
text: Nagumo gives Tamon an imperious look, displeased with the
text: challenge from a subordinate. GENDA MINORU, 37, the cocky
text: young officer responsible for air operations in the fleet,
text: responds on his behalf with a dismissive wave.
speaker_heading: GENDA
text: One touch of the armored gauntlet.
text: Yamamoto stares at Nagumo, his expression demanding a more
text: detailed explanation. Nagumo shrugs.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
dialog: Genda is right. Our defensive power
text: is unbreakable.
text: Yamamoto considers this for a moment and then turns to the
text: young officer playing the Americans.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Start again. But this time your
dialog: carriers must come from Pearl.
scene_heading: EXT. YAMATO - MAIN DECK - DAY
text: Tamon stands near the sharp prow of the mighty warship,
text: staring out at the vast fleet. It's a remarkable collection
text: of military might, yet Tamon's brow is furrowed.
text: Yamamoto approaches. After a long moment --
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: You don't approve.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: I never liked Kabuki theater. And it
dialog: worries me that Nagumo can't even
dialog: win a war game without cheating.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
text: All he has to do is follow the plan.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: And so do you.
text: Tamon hears the subtext in those words: we might be friends,
dialog: but I am your superior officer. So he keeps his mouth shut.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - PILOT READY ROOM - DAY
text: The squadron's pilots are sprawled across the chairs.
text: Dickinson, who is writing a letter, notices Best enter.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Ten-hut!
text: The pilots snap to their feet. Best rolls his eyes and then
text: locks on Dickinson, who is fighting a smirk.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Funny.
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Sit the hell down.
text: As they settle back into their chairs --
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I guess you heard the news. I
dialog: know some of you thought I was a
dialog: pain-in-the-ass as an XO, but it's
text: about to get worse.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: We're headed back to Pearl to resupply,
dialog: and it's probably because something
dialog: big is coming down the pipe. I'm
dialog: therefore doubling scouting flights,
dialog: and I expect you to practice diving
dialog: runs whenever you get a chance. Don't
dialog: be the guy who lets down the squadron
text: when we finally face the Japs.
text: Best surveys the room; the levity is gone.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Dismissed.
text: Best turns to the ready board and stares at it as the men
text: silently file out the door behind him. Willie, however, stays
text: behind. When everyone else is gone, Best glances at him.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 63.
text: The words come in a rush.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I don't know if I can do this, sir.
dialog: I thought I was a good pilot, but
dialog: I've totally lost my confidence.
text: Best stares at Willie, weighing him. Finally --
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Why did you join the Navy? Were you
dialog: trying to impress some girl?
text: Even Willie can't help being insulted by the question.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I wanted to be a pilot.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Then you've gotta suck it up. Look
dialog: around, kid. America is getting its
text: ass kicked, so nobody has time to
dialog: worry about your confidence. We need
dialog: you up in the air. Got it?
text: The direct challenge to his manhood has stiffened Willie's
text: spine. He speaks through tight lips.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: As Willie turns to exit, an instinct tells Best that he has
dialog: pushed too hard. He calls after Willie --
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Wait.
dialog: (Willie pauses)
dialog: From now on you're my wingman.
text: This news is simultaneously comforting and terrifying to
text: Willie. He stands frozen, wondering whether this new position
dialog: means that Best might give him more advice.
text: But Best has already turned back to the board.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - NIMITZ'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Nimitz sits at his desk, shuffling through papers. Layton
text: knocks on the doorframe and then enters.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: You wanted to see me, sir?
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I just got off the phone with
dialog: Washington. They think that you and
dialog: Rochefort are wrong about this big
dialog: operation.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Their intelligence indicates that
dialog: the Japs are sending their carriers
dialog: back into the Coral Sea, so they've
dialog: ordered me to keep Enterprise down
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
text: Washington is starting from a faulty
dialog: assumption and looking for evidence
dialog: to corroborate it. If you listen to
dialog: them, we'll all end up as POws.
text: Layton regrets the final words as soon as they come out of
dialog: his mouth; he's usually better at politics. But Nimitz just
text: leans back in his chair.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: So what's the Japs' real target?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Midway Island. They see it as a step
dialog: toward Hawaii. And the West Coast.
text: Nimitz's eyes flicker to the map and then back to Layton.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: In the next few weeks.
text: Nimitz studies Layton and sees nothing but absolute conviction
text: in his expression. He pushes himself to his feet.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Show me. If I'm going against
dialog: Washington, I need to know why.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: Nimitz's staff car pulls up in front of the drab Old
text: Administration Building. Sailors and secretaries gawk as
text: Nimitz emerges from the sedan and strides inside with Layton.
scene_heading: INT. OLD ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - LOBBY - DAY
text: Layton and Nimitz head down a linoleum-clad hall toward a
text: staircase. As they start into the bowels of the building,
text: Layton gives Nimitz a nervous look.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I have to warn you, sir. Rochefort's
dialog: way of doing things is... particular.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I don't care if he's consulting an
dialog: oracle if the intelligence is good.
dialog: 65.
text: They reach a door marked "Station HYPO." It's guarded by an
text: armed Marine, who opens the door for them. They enter --
scene_heading: INT. STATION HYPO - CONTINUOUS
text: The open room is stuffed with metal desks and IBM punchcard
text: machines. A few dozen men in Navy khakis perform a variety
text: of tasks, laughing and joking as they work until --
text: -- they notice Nimitz and snap to attention. Suddenly, the
text: only sound is the mechanical rattle of the IBM machines.
text: Nimitz glances down at the desk next to the door. A collection
text: of pinups lies under the glass and a hand-printed sign reads:
dialog: "You don't have to be crazy to work here... but it helps."
text: As Nimitz smiles thinly to himself, Layton follows his gaze
text: to the pinup. He turns to the nearest man, mortified.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Where's Rochefort?
text: The man points to the office in the back of the room. Nimitz
text: starts in that direction, Layton trailing him.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
text: It's crowded in here.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: We've tripled the staff.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I didn't realize that the Navy had
dialog: so many trained codebreakers.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: We don't.
dialog: (off Nimitz's look)
dialog: Most of these men were in the band
dialog: on the California. Since we don't
dialog: have much use for bands these days...
text: Nimitz gives him a skeptical look.
speaker_heading: | NIMITZ
dialog: Musicians?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Rochefort thought their musical ability
dialog: might make them naturals at breaking
dialog: the rhythms of ciphers. And he was
dialog: right... the men in this room process
dialog: a million punch cards per week.
text: Layton opens a door and they step into --
scene_heading: INT. STATION HYPO - ROCHEFORT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Rochefort is shaking a pill into his hand as they enter. He
text: quickly swallows it and then leaps to his feet, revealing
dialog: 66.
text: that he's wearing slippers and a smoking jacket. He nervously
text: gestures at his clothes.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Sorry, admiral. It gets cold down
dialog: here in the dungeon.
text: Nimitz ignores the apology. His icy eyes note the cot in the
text: corner before boring into Rochefort.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Layton tells me that you're confident
text: the Japs are going to hit Midway.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Nimitz makes a gesture that encompasses the whole operation.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Explain how this works.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: We intercept roughly sixty percent
text: of secure Japanese radio traffic.
dialog: We've cracked enough of their code
dialog: to be able to break about forty
dialog: percent of those messages.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: So... we can read about a quarter of
dialog: their secure communications.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Not exactly. Here are some of our
dialog: "cracked' messages.
text: Rochefort pushes a bunch of papers toward Nimitz. He glances
text: down and sees that only about ten percent of the words are
text: broken -- the rest are just numbers and letters.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
text: This is gibberish.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Yes, but if you read enough of it...
speaker_heading: LAYTON
text: Rochefort has a gift for assembling
text: the fragments. He can recall a detail
dialog: from a message two months ago and
dialog: plug it into today's intercept.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Do you have any direct proof that
dialog: Midway is the target?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Direct proof? No.
dialog: 67.
text: Rochefort sees the doubt in Nimitz's eyes.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT (CONT'D)
dialog: Imagine you're throwing a wedding.
dialog: Maybe I've never seen the invitation,
dialog: but I hear from the caterers that
dialog: they have an event on a certain date.
dialog: The flower guy is buying every rose
text: on the island. The best band is booked.
dialog: That's what signal intelligence can
dialog: give you. Clues. Not the smoking gun.
text: Nimitz takes a heavy breath -- obviously on the fence. Layton
text: steps forward, passion propelling his words.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Sir, you should have fired me after
dialog: Pearl Harbor. But instead you gave
dialog: me a chance to redeem myself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I swear to you. Rochefort is right
dialog: about this.
text: Nimitz glances back and forth between the two officers. It's
dialog: crazy to be betting on this madhouse staffed by tuba players
text: and run by a man in fuzzy slippers. And yet...
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I'll get Enterprise back to Pearl.
dialog: But we need Washington on board, so
dialog: you have to figure out a way to
dialog: convince them that they're wrong
dialog: about Midway.
text: Layton hears the subtext in the speech: and if I'm going to
dialog: put my career on the line, you need to convince me too.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - ADMIRAL'S CABIN - DAY
text: Halsey works at his small desk, looking even more haggard
text: than the last time we saw him. He turns his head at a KNOCK
text: on the door. It's Browning, holding a slip of paper.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
text: Sir, an eyes-only message from Nimitz.
text: Halsey takes the paper. A hint of a smile runs across his
text: face as he reads it.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: He wants us to get spotted.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Because if we're spotted, we can
dialog: break our standing orders from
text: Washington and head back to Pearl.
dialog: 68.
text: Halsey picks up a lighter from the desk. As the slip of paper
text: in his hand ignites, he glances at Browning.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (CONT'D)
dialog: We never got this message.
scene_heading: INT. STATION HYPO - ROCHEFORT'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Layton paces as Rochefort lies on his cot, red eyes staring
text: up at the ceiling. Rochefort finally rolls over and grabs a
text: pill bottle from the desk. As he swallows one --
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: What is that? Benzedrine?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: I have to stay awake somehow.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Are you eating anything?
text: Rochefort shrugs. Layton's face registers his concern.
speaker_heading: LAYTON (CONT'D)
dialog: At least take it with water. So you
dialog: don't die of dehydration.
text: Rochefort's eyes abruptly widen -- his face practically
text: illuminated by the light bulb going off over his head.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Wait. That's it!
text: Layton stares curiously at Rochefort as he rustles through
text: the piles of paper on his desk. He pulls out a message with
text: the letters "AF" circled in red ink.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT (CONT'D)
dialog: Washington agrees with us that the
dialog: Japanese are going to attack a target
text: codenamed AF. But they believe AF is
dialog: in the South Pacific and nothing we
dialog: say can change their minds.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Yeah...?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: The problem is the messenger. Their
dialog: ego won't let them admit that we're
dialog: right and they're wrong. But what if
dialog: we let the Japanese tell them?
text: Off Layton's intrigued look...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDWAY ISLAND - DAY
dialog: Calling this little spit of sand in the center of the Pacific
text: Ocean an "island" is really glorifying it. Every square inch
text: of dry land is covered by a military airfield, swarms of
text: anti-aircraft batteries, and barracks.
text: A COLONEL strides toward a utilitarian building with giant
text: radio signal masts on the roof.
scene_heading: INT. MIDWAY RADIO FACILITY - MAIN OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: As the colonel enters, a LIEUTENANT snaps to attention.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Cable from Pearl, sir. They want us
dialog: to broadcast that our fresh water
dialog: facility has broken. And they want
dialog: us to use the old strip cipher code.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: I thought that code was compromised
dialog: when the Japs took Wake.
text: The lieutenant shrugs -- this is above his pay grade.
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE LISTENING STATION - DAY
text: Twenty radiomen sit at their posts, listening to transmissions
text: through bulky headphone and carefully transcribing what they
text: hear onto slips of paper.
text: In an adjacent room, visible through a pane of glass, a line
text: of officers attempt to decode the captured messages. One of
text: the men stands and waves over his superior.
text: They talk M.O.S., their rising excitement palpable.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - NIMITZ'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Nimitz glances up from his desk as Layton enters.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I just heard from Washington. They
dialog: intercepted several Japanese messages
dialog: claiming that the target of their
text: upcoming attack is out of fresh water.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: That's interesting, sir. I heard
dialog: that Midway Island sent out a
dialog: transmission that their water plant
dialog: was broken.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Is their water plant broken?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Not that I know of, sir.
dialog: 70.
text: Nimitz can't contain a slight smile of appreciation at his
text: junior officers' cleverness. But it quickly fades.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Tell Rochefort that everyone now
dialog: agrees where his wedding is going to
dialog: be held. But I need to know how many
dialog: guests are going to come. And when
dialog: they're planning to arrive.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Four SBDs are spotted on the deck for takeoff. Best sticks
text: his head into the cockpit of the second plane in line. Willie
text: stares back at him, face pale in the morning light.
speaker_heading: BEST
text: Simple scouting mission. On the way
dialog: home we'll practice a dive. Got it?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: We're going. steeper this time. Listen
dialog: to your radioman count the altitude.
dialog: And YGon' t pull up too hard at the
dialog: bottom or you'll black out.
text: Best drops back down onto the teak deck, jogs to the lead
text: plane, and swings into --
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - CONTINUOUS
text: Best revs the engine and the launching signal officer points
text: his flag toward the bow. Best releases his brake, and the
text: SBD accelerates down the deck...
text: .but just before the end of the runway Best realizes that
text: something is wrong. He shoves the throttle forward, but the
text: engine is already running flat-out.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: The SBD lurches off the end of the deck and falls toward the
text: ocean. Best expertly fights the stall and drops the nose,
text: trading altitude for speed. Murray just closes his eyes, his
text: worst fears realized, and braces for impact...
text: -but at the last instant -- when the wheels are mere feet
text: from the waves -- Best gently pulls back on the stick. The
text: SBD reluctantly starts to rise.
text: Best immediately shouts into the radio --
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Abort! Abort takeoff!
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Dickinson emerges from the hatch in the island and sprints
text: toward the launching signal officer. He's shouting something,
text: but the engine roar from the remaining SBDs muffles the words.
text: AS Willie's plane accelerates, Dickinson snatches the flag
text: and waves it back and forth in the abort signal.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: The ship's too slow. We're not
dialog: generating enough wind for launch.
text: The news horrifies the officer. Dickinson, meanwhile, keeps
text: waving the flag, but Willie's nervous eyes are fixated on
text: the edge of the Enterprise ahead of him.
text: As the plane reaches the end of the deck, it drops toward
text: the ocean. Willie, unlike Best, keeps his nose up, and the
text: plane flutters like a falling kite toward the waiting sea.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best watches, horrified, as Willie's SBD knifes into the
text: ocean. Enterprise turns, her prow barely missing the plane,
text: but the wake shoves one wing under the water.
text: Best yanks on his stick to circle the wreck, his eyes locked
text: on the rescue destroyer. It's still hundreds of yards away.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: He's going under, goddammit. Tell
dialog: that rescue crew to move their ass.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIE'S SBD - DAY
text: A wave breaks over the windshield as Willie frantically pulls
text: at his straps, the cockpit already half-submerged.
text: In his panic Willie inhales a mouthful of seawater. As he
text: retches, another wave smashes over his head.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Halsey paces, brow knitted with worry, as Browning stares
text: out the window through binoculars.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
text: The plane just went under.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: And the crew?
text: Browning just grimly shakes his head. Halsey looks as if
text: he's about to be sick.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best slams his fist against the side of his cockpit, face
text: red with anger and frustration.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: No, goddammit. No!
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY (DAWN)
text: Enterprise cuts through the early morning fog toward her
text: berth. The giant American flag flies at half mast.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: The air group stands in formation in their white uniforms as
text: the Marine guard presents arms. Five pilots -- including
text: Best and McClusky -- are at the front of the group.
text: Nimitz moves down the line, pinning medals to the men's
text: chests. He pauses in front of Best.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: They tell me you were a one-man
text: wrecking ball in the Marshall Islands.
text: Best's eyes are hollow; he hasn't slept since Willie's crash.
text: He has to force the response.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: We all did our duty, sir.
text: Nimitz leans close, his tone conspiratorial.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I think you'll have a chance to do
dialog: it again in a couple of days.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: The ceremony has just ended. Halsey stands on the bridge,
text: watching his pilots on the deck below him. As Nimitz enters,
text: Halsey shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: They're good kids. I've asked a lot
dialog: of them, and they've done it without
dialog: flinching. But it's been six months
text: without a break. They're worn out.
text: Nimitz takes stock of Halsey and is shocked by what he sees:
text: the loss of weight, his pallid face, an angry red rash.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: They aren't the only ones. You look
dialog: like hell, Bill.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'm fine.
dialog: 73.
text: But even Halsey knows it isn't true. Nimitz shakes his head.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: You're going ashore to the hospital --
dialog: (Halsey starts to object)
dialog: -- and that's a direct order.
scene_heading: EXT. BEST'S HOUSE - DAY
text: As Best strides up the driveway, still wearing his dress
text: whites, Ann emerges from the house. An enormous smile splits
text: her face when she sees him.
speaker_heading: ANN
text: I heard a ship's horn. I was praying
dialog: it was Enterprise.
text: Best pulls her into his arms, and they hold each other for a
text: long moment. She finally pulls back to look at him. Her eyes
text: lock on his chest.
speaker_heading: ANN (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that a medal?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Did you get it for doing something
dialog: stupid?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Is there any other way to get a medal?
text: She smiles. But then she notices his haunted look.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I just want to come inside. See our
text: daughter. Sit for a while.
text: Ann blinks; this isn't the man she knows. But she's wise
text: enough to just take his hand and lead him into the house.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL HAWAIIAN HOTEL - WAGON WHEEL - NIGHT
text: It's a more subdued mood tonight -- no band and only a
text: smattering of women. McClusky and Dickinson drink in the
text: corner with Thatch and Gay (the pilots from Hornet).
text: Thatch is in the middle of an intense explanation. He's using
text: four quarters laid out on the table to illustrate a point.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: The problem is the Jap's fighters
dialog: are faster and more maneuverable
dialog: than us. But we can take more
dialog: punishment. So I came up with this...
text: Thatch moves the quarters on the table in a distinctive
dialog: crossing pattern.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: THATCH (CONT'D)
text: We fly in tight formation, weaving
text: back and forth across each other's
text: tails. Whenever a Jap lines up to
dialog: take a shot, your partner and his
text: wingman get a clean look at him.
text: McClusky gives the quarters a doubtful look.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: You've practiced this?
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: In San Diego. Worked like a charm.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Hope you're right.
dialog: (shifting gears)
dialog: So they moved you over to Yorktown.
dialog: How are the other squadrons?
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: The fighter groups are great. Dive
text: bombers are strong. The torpedo
dialog: bombers, on the other hand...
text: Everyone looks at Gay. He shrugs, unoffended.
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: It's not our fault the damn torpedoes
dialog: don't explode.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Not to mention that your planes are
text: slower than molasses.
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: Hey, you gotta admit it takes a pair
text: to fly a deathtrap.
text: The group smiles -- Gay might be a torpedo guy, but he clearly
text: has the right stuff. Dickinson pulls out his flask and pours
text: a heavy slug into Gay's glass.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Which is why I'm buying you a drink.
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: I think you guys on Enterprise are
dialog: the ones who need the drink. Yorktown
dialog: is sitting this one out.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: The damage is that bad?
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: She got a bomb right down the
dialog: elevator. They have to rebuild the
text: whole guts of the ship.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: We'll fly with you boys next time.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: If there is a next time.
text: McClusky raises his glass. The others match him.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: To coming back.
text: The words hang in the air.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Best lies with his head on Ann's lap, the curtains waving in
text: the warm Hawaiian breeze.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I got promoted. Halsey made me the
text: new skipper of Bombing Six.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: You don't sound happy. I thought
dialog: that's what you wanted.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I thought it was what we wanted.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: It is. It's just... I didn't think
dialog: that I'd worry this much.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: vesterday morning Betty Herman was
dialog: getting her boys ready for school --
dialog: just like any other day -- until two
text: officers in full dress showed up on
dialog: her porch. And before they said a
dialog: word, she knew her kids were going
dialog: to grow up without a father.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: We keep losing men, and it's not even
text: the Japs. Herman crashed on takeoff,
dialog: Tom Durkin disappeared on patrol. So
dialog: did Bucky Walters. And then there was
dialog: this other kid. Willie west.
text: Best swallows hard, eyes locked on the ceiling.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: He was so green. Told me that he
dialog: didn't think he could cut it, but it
dialog: seemed like the usual jitters. I
dialog: figured I'd take him under my wing...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I wrote a letter to his mother
dialog: yesterday morning. Telling her that
dialog: I failed him.
dialog: 76.
text: Ann stares down at her husband; she's never seen this kind
text: of emotion from him before.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: It's not your fault.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I thought I was supposed to push
dialog: him. That's what my XO did to me,
dialog: and it made me a better pilot. But
dialog: he wasn't ready.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Nobody's ready for war.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: The thing is... Willie was right to
dialog: be scared. Everyone knows something
dialog: big is coming. And I believe in my
dialog: guys -- we can stand against anyone.
dialog: But we're talking about a couple dozen
dialog: planes against the whole Japanese
dialog: fleet. And if we lose, they'll own
dialog: the Pacific. Australia will fall,
dialog: maybe Hawaii too. They'll raid the
dialog: West Coast. San Francisco and Seattle
dialog: and Los Angeles will burn. This damn
dialog: war will last a decade.
text: For a long moment Ann is frozen. The look on Best's face
text: unsettles her even more than his words.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I've never seen you worried before.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I didn't have anything to worry about
dialog: when it was just me and the plane.
dialog: But it's different now.
text: He looks up at her, emotionally naked.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think I can lead the squadron?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Of course you can. Just be honest.
dialog: Let them see what I can see.
dialog: beat)
dialog: I'd follow you anywhere, Dick Best.
text: She leans forward and kisses his forehead. Best closes his
text: eyes, his worries briefly abating in the warmth of her belief.
scene_heading: EXT. YAMATO - MAIN DECK - NIGHT
text: The fleet is blacked out for security. Tamon stares out at
text: the ghostly outlines of the nearby ships, lost in thought.
dialog: 77.
text: A door opens behind him, briefly spilling the sound of a
text: raucous party. Tamon remains motionless as Nagumo lurches
text: over to him, drunk. Nagumo gives him a disdainful look.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
dialog: Your face depresses me.
text: Tamon ignores him. Nagumo flushes.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO (CONT'D)
dialog: Are_ you too good to drink with your
dialog: fellow officers?
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: It's bad luck to celebrate before a
dialog: battle.
text: Tamon turns on his heel and strides away, leaving Nagumo
text: alone in the darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. YAMATO - MAIN DECK - DAY (DAWN)
text: A hungover crew of enlisted seamen hose vomit out of the
text: ship's scuppers. They pause to glance through the mist at --
text: -- four enormous Japanese carriers heading out to sea,
text: followed by a slew of escorts: battleships and cruisers and
text: destroyers. It's an overwhelming display of force.
text: A long figure stands on the bridge of the last carrier,
text: Hiryu. It's Tamon. He has strapped his katana sword to his
text: sash like a Samurai headed into battle.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DRY DOCK - DAY
text: Nimitz crouches on the deck of the Yorktown, staring into
text: the crater made by the bomb. Arc welders illuminate the space,
text: accompanied by the deafening sound of hammers pounding metal.
text: The contrast between the vast Japanese fleet and this wounded
dialog: ship couldn't be more stark: How can the Americans possibly
dialog: win given their resources?
text: An anxious Navy Yard INSPECTOR stands next to Nimitz.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: We need at least two weeks.
text: Nimitz gives him a look that could freeze water. The inspector
dialog: shifts, defensive.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Our initial estimate was three months
text: in a dry dock at Puget.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I need this ship, so I don't care if
dialog: you have to patch the deck with
text: plywood. Yorktown sails in twenty-
dialog: four hours.
dialog: 78.
text: We see nothing but doubt on the inspector's face.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - CINCPAC OPERATIONS ROOM - DAY
text: A giant chart of the Pacific lies on a makeshift table held
text: up by a pair of sawhorses. Tracing paper covers the chart
text: with the estimated position of Japanese ships in orange and
text: American ships in blue.
text: Nimitz stands over the table with Layton and Rochefort and
text: his core group of senior officers.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I have bad news. Admiral Halsey is
dialog: in the hospital and will be unable
dialog: to lead this operation.
text: The room blanches. Nimitz turns to the officer standing next
text: to him: REAR ADMIRAL RAYMOND SPRUANCE, 55. Spruance is short
dialog: and wiry and has earned a reputation within the Navy for
dialog: being both a thinker and a doer.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: I have given Admiral Spruance the
dialog: Enterprise. Our mission is simple.
dialog: We must try to inflict maximum damage
dialog: with attrition tactics.
text: Nimitz taps Midway on the map.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: We have put every plane we could fit
dialog: on Midway's runway, but those men
dialog: aren't nearly as well trained as our
dialog: carrier aviators. The responsibility
dialog: for winning this battle therefore
dialog: falls on you.
text: Spruance stares down at the chart. Most men would be
text: overwhelmed, but he's just absorbing the information.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: How reliable are these estimates of
dialog: the Japanese positions?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: They represent our best guess based
dialog: on the intelligence that we have.
text: That answer doesn't satisfy Spruance at all.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: I can't plan around a guess.
text: Nimitz locks on Layton.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: I understand that I'm asking the
dialog: impossible, but I need you to be
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: specific. Everything depends on our
dialog: forces being in the right place at
dialog: the right time.
text: Layton considers the question and then turns to Rochefort,
text: who is standing in the corner of the room. Everyone follows
text: Layton's look.
text: The attention briefly causes Rochefort to shrink into himself,
text: but then he swallows hard and speaks in a level voice.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: The Japanese will attack on the
dialog: morning of June fourth from the
text: northwest at a bearing of 325 degrees.
dialog: They will be sighted 185 miles from
text: Midway at 0700 local time.
text: A STAFF OFFICER speaks from the corner.
speaker_heading: STAFF OFFICER
text: Washington disagrees.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
text: Washington is wrong. Again.
text: That last word lands. Everyone in this room remembers what
text: happened just six months earlier. Nimitz turns to Spruance.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: These are the men I trust, so make
dialog: your plans accordingly.
text: Spruance nods. As he turns to exit, Nimitz stares down at
text: the chart. He speaks to himself.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ (CONT'D)
text: It's all over but the shooting.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL HOSPITAL PEARL HARBOR - PORCH - DAY
text: Halsey, wearing a patient's bathrobe and trailing an IV,
text: stares out at Pearl Harbor. Enterprise has just slipped her
text: berth and is heading back to sea.
text: Halsey's eyes are filled with tears. He has prepared for this
text: moment his entire life and considers the men on that ship his
text: family -- yet at this critical moment he's stuck ashore.
text: It breaks his heart.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Spruance stands by himself near the windows of the bridge,
text: staring up at a squadron of planes. Browning approaches him.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: Are you ready to land Torpedo Six?
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: Yeah. Get ‘em aboard.
text: Browning gestures to the signal officer. A moment later the
text: lead plane in formation -- a torpedo bomber -- starts its
text: approach. Spruance watches with a furrowed brow as the plane
text: slowly closes on the Enterprise's wake.
speaker_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm no pilot, but does he look slow?
text: An instant later the TBD stalls. Its left wing dips and then
text: the four-ton aircraft smacks into the water with a gigantic
text: splash. Browning just shakes his head.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: Jesus. Another?
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The rescue destroyer comes alongside the wrecked TBD, which
text: is sinking at the nose. The radioman and GUNNER hold Lindsey
text: on the wing. Blood runs down Lindsey's face from a bad cut.
text: As the destroyer's crew reaches down to pull him aboard --
speaker_heading: GUNNER
text: Easy. He hurt his back.
text: The crewmen gingerly lift Lindsey over the rail, but he
text: nevertheless winces in pain.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - PILOT READY ROOM - DAY
text: Best pours over a chart with the estimated Japanese positions
text: marked in red. Dickinson enters and walks over to the table.
text: He looks down at the chart, head shaking.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: We got the Jap positions and
dialog: everything, huh? Our man in Tokyo is
dialog: worth every cent we're paying him.
text: A slight smile from Best. Dickinson studies the chart.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Four enemy carriers. Plus the biggest
dialog: battleship in the world and countless
dialog: cruisers and destroyers...
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: The odds aren't good. But if we
dialog: surprise them, we've got a chance.
speaker_heading: . DICKINSON
dialog: Even without Yorktown? The other
dialog: guys think it's a suicide mission.
text: Dickinson's tone suggests that he might share their opinion.
text: Best turns and gives him a long look. Finally --
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: How do I get the men to believe?
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: In you or the mission?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Both.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: They just need to know that you
dialog: believe in them. Even though“they
dialog: aren't as good as you. And then
dialog: they'll follow you into hell.
text: As Best processes the words, a door slams open and an ENSIGN
text: bursts into the room.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: Ship sighted!
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Hundreds of men stand on the rail, staring at an approaching
text: boxy gray shape on the horizon.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: It's Yorktown!
text: A CHEER goes up from the men as they realize he's right. Maybe
dialog: we're still underdogs, but at least we have a chance.
text: Best and Dickinson, meanwhile, burst out of a hatch. Dickinson
text: locks on Yorktown, head shaking.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: How the hell did she get out of
dialog: drydock in time?
text: Best shrugs. But his relief is written on his face.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Every good battle needs a miracle.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - CINCPAC OPERATIONS ROOM - NIGHT
text: The clock reads almost midnight. A bleary Layton glances
text: back and forth between cable intercepts and the giant chart.
text: Nimitz enters and gives Layton a look.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: You've memorized every position on
dialog: that board, Layton. Go home.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I'm going to sleep here, sir. Just
dialog: in case something comes up.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Your wife doesn't mind?
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: She knows the drill.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: My wife knows the drill too, but she
dialog: still minds.
text: Layton hears the subtext in Nimitz's words. He thinks for a
text: long moment and then decides to be honest.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: If Miriam doesn't divorce me, I'm
dialog: going to spend the rest of my life
text: making it up to her.
text: Nimitz bobs his head: a faint gesture of recognition. As he
text: steps out of the room --
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Good man.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - HANGER - NIGHT
text: Best crouches under the wing of an SBD, meticulously
text: inspecting every rivet and seam. A young WATCH OFFICER comes
text: around the corner, footsteps echoing in the deserted hanger.
text: He gives Best a curious look.
speaker_heading: WATCH OFFICER
dialog: Are you okay, sir?
speaker_heading: BEST
text: Just looking over the planes.
text: The watch officer can't help asking...
speaker_heading: WATCH OFFICER
dialog: Is it true, sir? Are we finally facing
dialog: the Japs tomorrow?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I hope so.
text: The watch officer nods to himself -- seemingly reassured by
text: Best's quiet confidence -- and then beats a retreat.
text: Best, meanwhile, continues his lonely vigil. As he moves to
text: the next plane, the notes of reveille PLAY...
scene_heading: EXT. MIDWAY ISLAND - DAY (DAWN)
text: The American flag rises in the first rays of the sun asa
text: lone Marine sounds his bugle. The final notes are drowned
text: out by the rising HOWL of air raid sirens.
scene_heading: SUPER: "MIDWAY ISLAND. JUNE 4, 1942. 0619 HOURS"
text: A small camera crew is filming the scene, led by JOHN FORD,
text: 47. A MARINE CAPTAIN standing next to Ford gives him a look.
speaker_heading: MARINE CAPTAIN
dialog: Well, you wanted to see action, Mr.
dialog: Ford. I don't think you're going to
dialog: be disappointed.
text: The Marine points to the west, and Ford swings his camera. A
text: dark cloud of Japanese aircraft are inbound. Anti-aircraft
text: emplacements burst into action with a deafening roar.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - CINCPAC OPERATIONS ROOM - DAY
text: Nimitz paces, arms folded, as his officers do their best to
text: stay out of his way. An ENSIGN runs into the room.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: Japanese air attack reported on
dialog: Midway. And one of our scout planes
text: just sighted the enemy carriers.
text: Nimitz locks on the ensign like a cobra.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Spotted where?
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: He reports carriers bearing 320
text: degrees 180 miles northwest of Midway.
text: Nimitz half-smiles to himself and then turns to Layton, who
text: is marking the reported position on the giant chart.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Well, Layton... you and Rochefort
dialog: were only off by five minutes, five
dialog: degrees, and five miles.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: We'll endeavor to do better next
dialog: time, sir.
text: Another ghost of a smile from Nimitz. Then --
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Give Spruance the enemy position and
dialog: tell him to attack.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Midway has already launched their B-
text: 26s and a squadron of Marine dive-
text: bombers. They should be approaching
dialog: the Japanese carriers.
speaker_heading: STAFF OFFICER
dialog: The Marines just got those planes a
dialog: few days ago. Do they actually know
dialog: how to fly them?
text: Nimitz's blue eyes bore into the officer, who suddenly wishes
dialog: that he was a thousand miles away.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: If I know the Marines, they'll do
dialog: their damnedest.
scene_heading: INT. HENDERSON'S SBD - DAY
text: MAJOR HENDERSON, 35, stares out the cockpit window. The entire
text: Japanese carrier task force stretches ahead of him. As
text: Henderson flicks the toggle of his radio, we note the Marine
text: Corp patch on his arm and the olive-drab color of his uniform.
speaker_heading: MAJOR HENDERSON
dialog: Beginning my run. Stay on me.
text: Henderson gently pushes his flight stick forward, but just
text: as the aircraft begins to drop --
text: RAT-TAT-TAT! The sound of an automatic cannon rattles our
text: eardrums. Henderson looks right just in time to see his main
text: gas tank ignite in a blinding fireball.
scene_heading: TAMON'S POV - SKY
text: We're watching the incoming American attack through a pair
text: of binoculars. The fireball that used to be Henderson's plane
text: is surrounded by a dozen other SBDs, which are under vicious
text: assault by at least ten Japanese Zeroes.
text: Another SBD abruptly dips its wing and falls toward the ocean,
text: trailing black smoke. And then another.
scene_heading: INT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Tamon stands at the window in the cramped space, staring
text: through mounted spotting binoculars. Henderson's entire
text: squadron is coming straight for his ship.
text: CAPTAIN KAKU TOMEO, 48, peers over Tamon's shoulder. Kaku is
text: a burly man with a narrow mustache over his scowling mouth.
speaker_heading: KAKU
dialog: Why are they attacking at sucha
dialog: shallow angle?
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: They're glide bombing. Which means
dialog: they're amateurs.
text: Tamon lowers his binoculars and looks at the helmsman.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Prepare for evasive action. Even
dialog: amateurs can get lucky.
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - ANTI-AIRCRAFT BATTERY - DAY
text: The five-inch guns atong the ship's port side swing into
text: position in unison and belch shells into the sky. One of the
text: approaching planes loses control and drops like a stone, but
text: the others gamely continue their runs until...
dialog: 85.
text: ...black objects drop toward us. Bombs. The deck tilts as
text: the carrier turns at high speed.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. AKAGI - DAY
text: The men on the deck gasp as Hiryu disappears behind a set of
text: enormous water spouts. Has she been hit?
scene_heading: INT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Men take cover as a wall of water hammers into the windows
text: of the bridge. The ship lurches. And then...
text: Silence. Just the dim hum of the carrier's engines. As the
text: other man gather themselves, they realize that Tamon is still
text: standing watch at the window. He points to the south.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Look.
text: We follow his finger and SMASH ZOOM toward a smoke trail in
text: the sky. It's a B-26 flaming from its left wing. The plane
text: is in a shallow dive, headed straight for the central island
dialog: of the Akagi.
text: Muzzles flash as Japanese gunners desperately unload with
text: everything in their arsenal. The officers on the bridge stare
text: up at the bomber, mouths agape in astonishment, until --
text: WHOOSH! The plane's wing explodes and it veers hard to the
text: right -- missing the bridge by mere yards -- before smashing
dialog: into the sea. But we stay with...
scene_heading: INT. AKAGI - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Nagumo stands with his stunned flag officers. Genda, the
text: arrogant air commander, glances incredulously at his admiral.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: Was he trying to hit us?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
dialog: Americans aren't that brave. His
text: controls must have locked up.
text: Nagumo's words are dismissive, but his tone makes it clear
text: that he is rattled. He thinks for a long moment. Then --
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO (CONT'D)
dialog: Those planes came from Midway, which
dialog: means it's still a threat. We must
text: launch a second attack.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: But Admiral Yamamoto ordered us to
dialog: keep our reserve force aboard in
dialog: case we encounter enemy carriers.
text: Nagumo flushes with anger.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
text: Yamamoto is hundreds of miles away
dialog: in his battleship. It's my decision.
dialog: And that island must be neutralized.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - MESS HALL - DAY
text: The SBD pilots, dressed in their flight suits, eat breakfast
text: at a long table. The food is like sawdust in most of their
text: mouths, but not Best -- he's eating with gusto.
text: As Best finishes his plate, he notices that Dickinson has
text: barely touched his eggs.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Get something in your stomach. It's
dialog: going to be a long day.
text: Dickinson looks at him as if he's an alien, and Best abruptly
text: registers the mood in the room. The man from the beginning
dialog: of our story would return to eating his food...
text: ...but Best pulls a silver ring off his finger and tosses it
text: on the table. The other men stare at it, confused.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: That belonged to Cliff Janz. When I
dialog: decided to become a pilot, Cliff
dialog: made me swap class rings. He said
dialog: I'd be lucky to live to thirty, and
dialog: he wanted to have something to
dialog: remember me by. That's the kind of
dialog: guy he was. Always busting your chops.
dialog: beat)
dialog: Cliff was aboard Arizona. His wife
dialog: didn't even get a body to bury.
text: The words hang in the air. Best pans the faces at the table.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not going to sugarcoat it, boys.
dialog: Nobody thinks we can go toe-to-toe
dialog: with the Japanese, not in a fair
dialog: fight. And today we're going to be
dialog: big underdogs.
text: Best stares around the table, his confidence and determination
text: blazing from his eyes.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Me... I think the men in this room
dialog: can fly with anyone. Maybe that's
dialog: because I'm a cocky son-of-a-bitch.
dialog: But it's also because I know all of
dialog: you like brothers. I've seen what
dialog: you can do. You're ready for this.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Today we get square with the same
dialog: bastards who bombed Pearl. Today we
dialog: prove the American Navy isn't a joke.
text: The pilots silently absorb his words. Dickinson finally nods,
text: his own swelling confidence obvious in his expression.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: We're going to give 'em a shellacking.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The Enterprise is about five miles away as she swings into
text: the wind, her escorts turning to match her new heading.
text: A shape abruptly flashes past us and then disappears into a
text: cloud: it's a seaplane marked with the rising sun.
scene_heading: INT. AKAGI - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: A RADIOMAN listens intently to his headset and then leaps to
text: his feet. He salutes in the direction of Nagumo.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE RADIOMAN
dialog: Sir! A report from one of our aerial
text: scouts. Ten enemy surface units
text: spotted. Position east northeast.
text: Nagumo furrows his brow.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL _NAGUMO
dialog: Impossible. Why would enemy ships be
dialog: east northeast?
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: Unless it's a trap.
text: The words hang in the air -- everyone in this room remembers
text: the debacle during the war games. But Nagumo quickly regains
text: his blustery confidence.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL _NAGUMO
dialog: We will rearm our planes and then
dialog: smash this new threat.
scene_heading: INT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Tamon stares through binoculars at a flashing signal light
text: from Akagi. He shakes his head, face contorted in frustration.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: We should launch our reserve force
dialog: now. But the old fool wants to wait.
text: Everyone on the bridge avoids Tamon's dark gaze -- except
text: Kaku, who tries to play the peacemaker.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: KAKU
dialog: He's following doctrine. It's always
dialog: better to launch a balanced attack.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: I know the doctrine. But an admiral is
dialog: supposed to lead, not follow.
text: A WARNING BUZZER sounds through the bridge.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
dialog: Sir! Periscope spotted.
text: Tamon raises his binoculars. He locks on a cruiser and two
text: destroyers a few miles away, which have turned hard and are
text: accelerating toward a fixed point in the ocean.
text: Several columns of spray spout into the air, followed by the
text: dull boom of depth charges. Tamon shakes his head.
speaker_heading: TAMON
text: An American submarine right in the
text: middle of our fleet. Like a cat in
dialog: the henhouse.
text: Tamon watches the giant waterspouts from the depth charges
text: and then turns to the signalman.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Order a destroyer to stay and pin it
text: down. They can catch up once the rest
text: of the fleet is safely out of range.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: As the SBD pilots stride to their planes, Best locks ona
text: pair of ENSIGNS half-carrying a pilot toward one of the torpedo
text: ombers. Best looks closer, revealing that the pilot is.
text: Lindsey. His face is drawn with pain, and he's wincing with
text: every Step. Best glances at the waiting torpedo bomber --
text: realizing that Lindsey is literally being carried to his
text: plane -- and then veers into his path.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: You don't have to fly today. Nobody
dialog: will doubt your courage.
text: Lindsey shakes his head, jaw clenched with determination.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: This is what we trained for. I'll
dialog: lead my squadron in.
text: Best blinks, abruptly realizing how badly he has misjudged
dialog: his counterpart. And he's a big enough man to say.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Good luck, Lindsey.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: Thanks. We're going to need it.
text: Best draws himself up and gives Lindsey a salute. Lindsey
text: nods back at him in a silent exchange of respect.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll meet you at the Japanese fleet.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: As Best revs his engine to prepare for takeoff, the radioman
text: of the plane in front of him catches his eye: Bruno Gaido.
text: He raises his arms, hands clasped in a victory Saluté, as
text: his SBD accelerates down the deck.
text: Best smiles and then flips his intercom.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Well, Murray. This is it.
text: And then Best guns the throttle. As soon as the SBD is
text: airborne, he fastens his oxygen mask and spins the dial on
dialog: the oxygen cylinder --
text: -- but as the mix begins to flow he violently coughs and
text: rips the mask away from his face. Murray hears the noise.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Are you okay, sir?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Dammit all to hell... it's my oxygen
dialog: cylinder. I've got a bad mix.
text: As Murray processes the words, he tries -- and fails -- to
text: contain his relief.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: We have to go back to Enterprise.
text: Best's brow furrows as he considers his options. Murray
text: longingly stares back at the carrier behind them -- a relative
text: bastion of safety -- and tries to press the point home.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You can't breathe a bad mix, sir. It
dialog: will tear up your lungs.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I'm not sending the squadron out
text: there without their commander.
text: And then Best reaches up and fastens the mask back across
text: his face. As the oxygen flows, his body is wracked by coughs.
text: But Best ignores the burning in his pungs and grips the stick.
dialog: There's no fucking way he's turning back.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: LIEUTENANT TOMONAGA, 32, climbs out of his B5N bomber. He
text: notices Tamon striding toward the plane and snaps to attention.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: We've spotted enemy ships. Re-arm
text: with torpedoes as quickly as possible.
text: A SHOUT from a lookout interrupts the conversation.
scene_heading: JAPANESE LOOKOUT
dialog: Incoming!
text: Tamon's head snaps around and he follows the lookout's
text: outstretched finger to a glint of metal high in the sky. A
text: squadron of B-17s are droning toward them.
scene_heading: LT. TOMONAGA
text: Land based bombers. Maybe from Hawaii.
text: Tamon watches with professional detachment as the bombers
text: open their bay doors. Shapes plummet toward the carrier...
text: ...but from that altitude the bombs are in the air for almost
text: thirty seconds. The carrier swings into a tight turn and the
text: bombs explode harmlessly in the sea a few hundred yards away
text: from the deck. Tomonaga shrugs, unimpressed.
speaker_heading: LT. TOMONAGA (CONT'D)
dialog: They'll never hit us from that
dialog: altitude.
text: Tamon speaks over his shoulder as he starts back toward the
text: carrier's island. His frustration is apparent.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Maybe not. But these constant attacks --
dialog: inept as they might be -- are keeping
dialog: us on the defensive.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best flies with one hand on the stick and the other holding
text: a pair of binoculars to his eyes. As he sweeps back and forth
text: across the desolate ocean --
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Either we got a bum sighting report
dialog: or the Japs changed course.
text: This isn't bad news to Murray. Best, meanwhile, glances out
text: the window at the rest of the squadron. We follow his gaze
text: and ZOOM to another SBD about a mile away --
scene_heading: INT. MCCLUSKY'S SBD - CONTINUOUS
text: McClusky swings his own binoculars over the ocean, as
text: frustrated as Best. But then he locks on a spot to the north.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: We got something.
text: The binoculars reveal the wake of a ship heading north at
text: flank speed -- the destroyer that _was panning down the
text: American submarine. McCIusky's Speaks in his ear.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Looks like a Jap destroyer. What do
dialog: you want to bet she's trying to catch
dialog: up with the carriers?
text: McClusky turns the stick and the SBD banks to match the course
dialog: of the Japanese destroyer.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: How long can we follow her course
dialog: before we run out of fuel?
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Not long.
text: This decision weighs heavily on McClusky -- he knows that
dialog: he's betting an awful lot on a hunch.
scene_heading: INT. LINDSEY'S TBD - DAY
text: Lindsey flies just a few hundred feet above the ocean, the
text: rest of his squadron trailing off his wing tips. A smudge of
text: smoke appears on the horizon, and Lindsey stares at it fora
text: long moment before keying his radio.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: There they are.
scene_heading: INT. THATCH'S WILDCAT - DAY
text: Thatch's six-fighter squadron flies at eight thousand feet.
text: From this altitude he can see both Lindsey's torpedo squadron
text: and the Japanese ships on the horizon. His radio crackles.
speaker_heading: FIGHTER PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: Any word from the dive bombers?
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: Negative . I think they flew a
dialog: different heading.
speaker_heading: FIGHTER PILOT (V.0O.)
dialog: What are we going to do? Those torpedo
text: bombers are sitting ducks.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: Which is why we're going to attract
dialog: as much attention as possible.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. GAY'S TBD - DAY
text: Gay stares fixedly at the smoke, which we can now see is
text: coming from the stacks of various warships. Lindsey's voice
text: echoes through his headset.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
text: Hammer attack on the closest carrier.
dialog: Follow my lead.
text: Gay banks to the right as his squadron splits into two pieces.
text: His RADIOMAN speaks through the intercom.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: You think they've seen us?
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: When they see us, we'll know it.
text: Gay pushes his throttle wide open and the drone of the engine
text: rises in intensity. He glances down at the airspeed indicator,
text: which is barely over a hundred MPH.
speaker_heading: GAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, you bitch.
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The windscreen and instrument panel explode
text: in a shower of glass. Gay catches just a glimpse of the
text: speeding Zero -- it came out of the sun -- and then his plane
text: shudders under another barrage.
text: Gay instinctively tries to bank the plane, but the stick is
text: dead in his hand. He jiggles it, helpless. Then --
speaker_heading: GAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Brace for impact!
text: Gay manages to cover his head just as the plane slams into
text: the water like a cement wall. He's hurled against the
text: dashboard and then slumps back in his seat, dazed. Before he
dialog: can gather himself --
text: PING! PING! Bullets rattle against the exterior of the SBD,
text: followed by the roar of a_Mitsibushi engine -- the Zeroes
text: are strafing the downed plane.
text: The sound galvanizes Gay. He tears off his strap and then
text: turns to the back of the bomber.
speaker_heading: GAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! We gotta --
text: The words catch in Gay's throat as he realizes that his
text: radioman and tail gunner have been shredded by gunfire. For
text: an instant he is frozen by the horrific sight, but the roar
text: of an engine forecasts another attack.
text: Gay grabs the edge of the cockpit and swings himself overboard
dialog: into the ocean --
dialog: 93.
text: -- and suddenly it's silent. The bright white streaks of
text: bullets penetrate the turquoise sea like harpoons as Gay
text: swims under the body of the aircraft for shelter.
text: He holds his breath eyes bulging and hands clutching the
dialog: aluminum. What the hell is he going to do now?
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: High above Gay's downed plane the six Wildcats of Thatch's
text: squadron dogfight with at least twenty Zeroes -- the Japanese
text: pilots actually have to line up to take shots at them.
text: One of the Wildcats is hit and drops toward the ocean,
text: trailing black smoke from its engine.
speaker_heading: FIGHTER PILOT (V.0O.)
dialog: Jesus. They're everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. THATCH'S WILDCAT - DAY
text: Thatch fights off the G-forces as he pulls his fighter into
text: a tight turn. A Zero passes through his sights and he snaps
text: off a quick shot before yelling into his radio.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: Form on me, boys. We're going to try
dialog: that weave.
scene_heading: INT. LINDSEY'S TBD - DAY
text: Flak bursts off the right wingtip. Lindsey ignores it, his
text: eyes locked on a Japanese carrier just two thousand yards in
text: front of his plane. The ship is speeding away from him, white
text: water boiling from its stern.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Sir! Can we drop?
text: It's not a question; it's a plea. But Lindsey is intent on
text: finishing his attack, and so he stays focused on the carrier.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The four remaining Wildcats have formed into pairs and are
text: crossing back and forth across each other's tails as the
text: dozens of Zeroes swarm around them.
text: A Zero comes in for a pass on one of the Wildcat's tails,
text: but just before it can get off a clean shot --
text: -- a trailing Wildcat swings into position and opens fire.
text: The lightly-armored Zero explodes into flame and drops like
text: a rock toward the ocean.
scene_heading: INT. THATCH'S WILDCAT - DAY
text: Thatch works the stick, his head on a swivel. A victory YELP
text: comes through his radio.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: FIGHTER PILOT (V.0O.)
text: Scratch another Zero.
speaker_heading: THATCH
text: Attaboy. Only twenty more to go.
text: The comment is punctuated by a Zero swinging into Thatch's
text: sights. He takes the shot and watches with satisfaction as
text: pieces fly off the right wing of the Japanese plane. But
text: then he pans the sky.
speaker_heading: THATCH (CONT'D)
dialog: We can't hold them forever. Where
dialog: the hell are those dive bombers?
scene_heading: INT. LINDSEY'S TBD - DAY
text: The Hiryu has grown in the windscreen and is now less than a
text: thousand yards away. Lindsey stares through his sight like a
text: man possessed, one hand clutching the torpedo release.
speaker_heading: LINDSEY
dialog: This is for Pearl Harbor.
text: And then he yanks the lever. The plane lurches upward as the
text: heavy torpedo barrels into the sea.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
dialog: Now can we get out of here, sir?
text: BOOM! A cannon shell explodes in the right fuel tank. Lindsey
text: turns his head just in time for his face to be illuminated
text: by the ferocious explosion.
text: The expression on his face is a mixture of resignation and
dialog: acceptance. He did his duty.
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Tamon watches as Lindsey's TBD is ripped apart by the
text: explosion. As the fragments fall into the sea --
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Brave men. We are fortunate they
dialog: have such bad planes.
text: Tamon turns his attention to a white streak bubbling toward
text: the stern of the carrier.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Right full rudder.
text: The helmsman obeys his command and Hiryu pivots, the torpedo
text: passing harmlessly through the wake.
text: Tamon, meanwhile, raises his binoculars. A pack of Zeroes
text: circles low off the ocean, searching in vain for more torpedo
text: bombers to attack. A second pack is still taking a run at
text: Thatch and his wingmen. Tamon grunts, frustrated.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Our fighters need to stop glory
dialog: hunting. They're all too low.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: This last attack was also carrier-based
dialog: aircraft. Which means we are facing
dialog: the exact situation that Nagumo declared
dialog: impossible during our war games.
text: This revelation sends a chill through the room. Tamon turns
text: to the signal officer.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
text: The time for diplomacy is over. Signal
dialog: the flagship.
scene_heading: INT. AKAGI - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: A SIGNAL OFFICER stares through binoculars at a flashing
text: light on the bridge of Hiryu and then turns to Nagumo.
speaker_heading: SIGNAL OFFICER
dialog: A message from Admiral Yamaguchi,
dialog: sir. 'Consider it advisable to launch
dialog: attack force immediately.'
text: As the words register with Nagumo, he flushes with anger.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
dialog: What does he think I'm trying to do?
dialog: (to Genda)
dialog: What's our status?
scene_heading: INT. AKAGI - HANGAR - DAY
text: Mechanics furiously repair and refuel planes as munitions
text: teams rush from the magazine elevator with armor-piercing
text: bombs and torpedoes. Gas lines weave back and forth across
text: the deck among discarded high-explosive bombs.
text: This hanger is one tiny spark away from catastrophe.
text: The DECK OFFICER holds a phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: DECK OFFICER
dialog: We're going as fast as we can, sir.
dialog: But it takes time to change from
dialog: land weapons to sea weapons.
speaker_heading: GENDA (V.0.)
dialog: You have five minutes.
scene_heading: INT. AKAGI - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Genda turns to Nagumo and gives him a smart salute.
speaker_heading: GENDA
text: They're almost finished.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
dialog: Good. We will launch a full attack
text: and crush the enemy task force.
text: A piercing WHISTLE abruptly seizes the attention of everyone
text: on the bridge. A SPOTTER high on a mast outside the island
text: is pointing at the sky. The word carries clearly...
speaker_heading: SPOTTER
dialog: Helldivers!!!
text: Nagumo rushes to the window and cranes his head upwards. A
text: swarm of black dots are hovering above the carrier directly
text: behind them in the formation (Kaga).
text: Nagumo stares up at them, stunned. Oh, shit.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: The Japanese fleet lies below the Enterprise's thirty-one
text: SBDs without a single enemy fighter to oppose them. Best
text: gauges the four carriers (they're in a box formation) and
text: then keys his radio.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: All right, boys. It's payback time.
dialog: Yorktown's squadron will take the
dialog: far two carriers, so we're on the
dialog: near ones. Scouting Six, we've got
text: the first bastard in line.
text: Best yanks on his diving flaps, and the plane immediately
text: slows. But then --
text: -- a SBD flashes ahead of him. The lead squadron has also
text: started to dive. Best yanks on the stick and manages to avoid
text: a mid-air collision by mere feet. As they flatten back out,
text: Murray shouts from the back seat.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (V.O.)
dialog: What the hell? McClusky was supposed
dialog: to hit the far carrier!
text: Best ignores him and glances out the window -- his two wingmen
text: are still attached. He keys his radio again.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Stay on me.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLUSKY'S SBD - DAY
text: The plane drops at terminal velocity toward the carrier.
text: McClusky peers through his bombing sight, working the controls
text: to keep the "x" centered on the red dot squarely amidships.
text: His RADIOMAN shouts from the back seat.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
dialog: Twenty two hundred... two thousand...
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: Gay clutches a piece of wreckage as he bobs in the water
text: squarely in the center of the Japanese fleet. His eyes are
text: locked on a thin line of black dots descending toward the
text: Kaga. He whispers the words like a prayer.
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: Come on, baby. Come on...
scene_heading: INT. MCCLUSKY'S SBD - DAY
text: The carrier's deck is rushing toward us as McClusky fights
text: to keep the sight centered. The radioman shouts a warning --
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
dialog: Eighteen hundred!
text: McClusky yanks the release and then immediately pulls the
text: stick. His body stiffens as the G-forces hit him, but he
text: manages to peek over his shoulder...
text: .just in time to see his bomb hit the water ten yards from
text: kaga' s bridge. McClusky curses -- he missed.
scene_heading: INT. DICKINSON'S SBD - DAY
text: Dickinson is late in the line of planes. Just as he starts
text: his dive, he sees McClusky's waterspout. He locks on his
text: bomb sight, speaking to himself.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Come on, Dickinson. Do what you're
dialog: paid to do.
text: Dickinson is halfway down to the carrier when he sees the
text: deck ripple -- someone has planted his bomb squarely on the
text: target. But Dickinson keeps his focus until...
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
dialog: Eighteen hundred!
text: The plane lurches as Dickinson releases.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: As Gay watches, a quick cavalcade of bombs slam into kaga .
text: Her deck erupts in a series of explosions, and Gay punche
text: the water, celebrating as if he's at a football game.
speaker_heading: GAY
dialog: Yeah! Hell yeah!
scene_heading: INT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: The officers stare at Kaga, stunned. A collective groan goes
text: up from the group -- no ship could survive that barrage. A
text: panicked JUNIOR OFFICER abruptly points out the opposing
text: window, his tone bordering on the hysterical.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR OFFICER
dialog: Look! Akagi is also under attack!
text: Tamon gives the man a sharp glance.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Calm yourself. You're an officer.
text: But Tamon can't contain his own wince as he sees the first
text: pair of bombs hit Akagi. Steam immediately rises from the
text: aft elevator as the ship's turbines are breached. She's dead
text: in the water -- and another dozen planes are descending.
text: Tamon grunts to himself and then hurries out onto --
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS
text: He scans the sky above his ship, but sees no planes. Kaku
text: appears next to him, eyes panning back and forth between the
text: two stricken carriers.
speaker_heading: KAKU
dialog: That leaves just us and Akagi.
text: Tamon points at the sky above Akagi -- three lonely dots are
text: approaching at fifteen thousand feet.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Unless they hit.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best bores through the sky, eyes locked on the Akagi far
text: below. She's at flank speed in a maximum starboard turn.
text: The radio crackles in his ear -- it's his WINGMAN.
speaker_heading: WINGMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Feeling a little lonely, sir. Wish
dialog: we'd brought more planes to the party.
speaker_heading: EST
dialog: You always wanted to be a hero,
dialog: Kroeger. This is your chance.
text: Best hits the diving flaps. As the SBD rolls onto its back,
text: Best speaks into the intercom.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, Murray. We put that carrier
dialog: out of action even if we have to
text: crash on her deck.
text: We catch a brief glimpse of Murray's terrified face as the
text: plane begins to plummet toward the ocean.
scene_heading: EXT. AKAGI - ANTI-AIRCRAFT STATION - DAY
text: Lookouts scream as the gun barrels swing upward toward the
text: sky above the ship.
dialog: 99.
text: Three lonely planes are diving at an impossibly-steep angle
text: in a V formation.
text: The guns fire in a ferocious fusillade.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: The plane vibrates as flak explodes on either side. But Best
text: ignores it, icy eyes locked on his bombsight.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (V.O.)
dialog: Two thousand... eighteen hundred!
text: We expect Best to yank the lever. But he's motionless, hands
text: making tiny adjustments on the stick.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Sixteen hundred!
text: There's no mistaking the tone of Murray's voice: sir, drop
dialog: the goddamned bomb and let's get the hell out of here! But
text: Best ignores him, totally focused on his target.
scene_heading: INT. AKAGI - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Nagumo stares up at the trio of planes. The first two have
text: pulled up, their ordinance released. One bomb splashes to
text: the left of the bridge, sending up a sheet of water. The
text: second misses a dozen feet off the stern.
text: But the middle plane just continues to dive. It's so close
text: that Nagumo can hear the drone of its engine and see the
text: red, white and blue insignia on the wings.
dialog: Is this maniac going to crash into his fucking ship?
text: And then the pitch of the engine changes and the plane pulls
text: out of its dive with a reluctant howl. An instant later Nagumo
text: sees the bomb. It looks as if it's coming straight at him.
text: Nagumo instinctively ducks...
dialog: 
text: ...and the bomb detonates at the aft edge of the middle
text: elevator. A blinding FLASH illuminates the bridge, followed
text: by a percussion wave that hurls men to the ground.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: The plane finally pulls level just a few dozen feet above
text: the ocean. Murray strains against the G-forces to hold the
text: rear-mounted .30 cals in place.
text: His eyes widen as he sees planes being blown off the deck by
text: the bomb, and then he unleashes a rebel yell.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Ye-haw! That was a beaut, sir. Right
text: on her deck.
text: BOOM! A giant waterspout rises next to the plane -- ten
text: stories high and nearly solid.
dialog: 100.
text: One of the nearby Japanese cruisers is firing into the ocean.
text: Best wrestles the stick, zigging the plane back and forth.
text: Flak bursts around them along with another enormous pair of
text: waterspouts. Best abruptly pulls back --
text: -- and they soar over a Japanese destroyer, close enough
text: that they can see the surprised faces of the AA gunners.
text: The plane drops back down toward the waves, and suddenly
text: it's eerily quiet. Best scans the horizon ahead of them and
text: sees nothing but open ocean.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Any fighters on our tail?
text: Murray nervously scans the sky and then exhales with relief.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: No, sir. They must be chasing other
dialog: people.
scene_heading: INT. BRUNO'S SBD - DAY
text: Bruno Gaido swings his .30 cal back and forth, hammering
text: bullets at a Zero on his tail. The enemy fighter drops out
text: of range and Bruno pans the sky for another target. LT.
text: O'FLAHERTY (his pilot) speaks in his headset.
speaker_heading: LT. O'FLAHERTY (V.0.)
dialog: We're running out of fuel.
text: Bruno glances out at the left wing and sees a stream of liquid
text: illuminated by the midday sun.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: We've been hit. Left wing.
text: And that's when the engine conks out. As Bruno registers the
text: unsettling silence, aherty shouts from the front seat.
scene_heading: LT. O'FLAHERTY
dialog: We're going in!
text: Bruno braces himself as the plane's nose pitches down and
text: the ocean comes rushing toward them. At the last moment
text: O'Flaherty pulls up and the belly hits the ocean in a textbook
text: water landing, but Bruno slams his head against the guns.
text: Bruno nevertheless jumps out onto the wing, bleeding from a
text: cut above his eye. A moment later O'Flaherty joins him
text: clutching a bag that contains an inflatable raft. In the
text: distance two Zeroes are chasing another SBD.
text: Bruno gives the raft a dry glance.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Guess we're going to have to float
text: back to Pearl.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLUSKY'S SBD - DAY
text: They're speeding just twenty feet above the water. McClusky
text: weaves back and forth between a pair of Zeroes, trying to
dialog: keep them from getting a clean shot.
text: The radioman glances at Bruno's floating SBD in the distance.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
text: O'Flaherty and Bruno are down.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: If you don't hit one of those damn
dialog: Zeroes, we're going to join them.
text: A Zero begins its firing run, and McClusky turns to port,
text: his wingtip just feet above the waves. Bullets riddle the
text: the SBD and McClusky grunts in pain -- a round has slammed
text: into his shoulder.
text: The radioman, meanwhile, gets a bead on the Zero and hammers
text: bullets into its exposed belly as it flashes past them. The
text: Japanese pilot loses control and slams into the sea.
text: The radioman immediately wheels with the .30 cals, but the
text: other Zero has had enough and peels away. The radioman blinks --
text: surprised to be alive -- and then clicks the intercom.
speaker_heading: RADIOMAN
dialog: You okay, sir?
text: McClusky ignores the question, teeth gritted in pain. He
text: glances down at his wrecked instrument panel.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Pray we've got enough fuel to get
dialog: home to Enterprise.
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE ZERO - DAY
text: A_ Japanese pilot stares down at his gas gauge, which is
text: flickering near empty, and then glances below him at the
text: stricken Kaga. His landing strip is burning from end-to-end.
text: As the plane passes through a column of smoke, we TILT and
text: then DROP toward the carrier's deck. Giant wood planks are
text: scattered like Lincoln Logs. We continue to PUSH downward
dialog: through the largest hole into --
scene_heading: INT. KAGA - HANGAR DECK - DAY
text: It's like a scene from Dante's Inferno. Swirls of heavy smoke
text: reveal twisted metal and mangled human remains. The injured
text: lie moaning with nobody to help them as the able-bodied pass
text: buckets of water in a grim chain.
text: A LIEUTENANT descends into the hellscape on a rope. As soon
text: as his feet hit the deck, the overwhelmed DAMAGE CONTROL
text: OFFICER rushes to his side.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: DAMAGE CONTROL OFFICER
dialog: What are the captain's orders?
scene_heading: JAPANESE LIEUTENANT
text: A bomb hit the bridge. They're all
dialog: dead. It's up to us to save the ship.
text: As the men continue talking, we follow the chain of buckets
text: toward the forward elevator. Bombs and torpedoes lie among
text: the wreckage -- thousands of pounds of TNT -- and aviation
text: fuel drips from ruptured lines.
speaker_heading: DAMAGE CONTROL OFFICER (V.0.)
text: The gasoline is vaporizing.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE LIEUTENANT (V.O.)
dialog: Activate the CQ2.
speaker_heading: DAMAGE CONTROL OFFICER (V.O.)
dialog: We have no power.
text: The man at the end of the chain hurls his bucket of filthy-
text: looking liquid down the elevator shaft. As it lands with a
text: hiss amid red-hot metal, we FOCUS on a stream of gasoline
text: running down the far side of the shaft.
text: The bottom droplet bubbles and then vaporizes with a hiss.
text: An instant later there's a brilliant flash.
scene_heading: EXT. AKAGI - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Men stare in horror as a massive fuel-air explosion nearly
text: splits Kaga in half. An orange mushroom cloud rises from
text: amidships, followed in quick succession by a series of smaller
text: blasts as the loose torpedoes and bombs detonate.
dialog: We PAN to reveal that the men aboard Akagi have their own
text: problems; flames are rippling up from the center elevator.
text: The fire has ignited a Zero, which burns like a torch.
text: The heavy smoke washes over Nagumo. He stands next to the
text: ship's compass, stunned into a state of utter shock. Genda
text: screws up his courage and approaches him.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: Sir, we must go.
text: Nagumo turns his dazed eyes to Genda.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL NAGUMO
dialog: I have to save the ship.
speaker_heading: GENDA
dialog: It's the captain's job to save the
dialog: ship. Your duty is to lead. And you
dialog: can't do that from here.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXT. AKAGI - DECK - DAY
text: The Japanese senior officers are lowered one-by-one from the
text: burning ship into a waiting launch. Nagumo's feet dangle
text: awkwardly in the air as he clutches the rope.
text: He looks utterly beaten.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - CINCPAC OPERATIONS ROOM - DAY
text: Nimitz paces back and forth, his legendary calm under assault
text: from the stress of waiting for news. Layton approaches him
text: and speaks under his breath.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Do you want us to contact Admiral
dialog: Spruance?
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: He can't break radio silence. And
dialog: I'm sure he has plenty on his mind.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: But this is torture.
text: The words hang in the air until the door bursts open and
text: Rochefort runs inside. He waves a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: We just intercepted a Japanese signal.
dialog: We can't translate the body. But
text: look at the call sign.
text: Rochefort slaps the paper on the table, his finger pointing
text: at a short string of letters and numbers.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT (CONT'D)
dialog: It's from Admiral Nagumo. But he's
dialog: not transmitting from the Kaga. He's
text: transmitting from a cruiser.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Why would Nagumo leave his flagship
dialog: unless...
text: A glint appears in Nimitz's eye.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: ...the Kaga is sinking.
text: A charge runs through the men in the room as they absorb the
dialog: words. Could it be true?
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - ESTABLISHING
text: The battleship Yamato cuts through dense fog, impossibly
text: powerful and imposing.
text: SUPER: "400 MILES WEST OF MIDWAY"
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. YAMATO - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Yamamoto pores over a map, brow furrowed. An AIDE strides
text: into the room, face grim, and hands him a message.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: From Admiral Nagumo.
text: Yamamoto snatches the message and quickly scans the
text: characters. The corner of his mouth twitches. But his face
text: is otherwise stone.
text: The other officers are desperate to know what the message
text: contains, but nobody dares speak. Yamamoto turns and stares
text: out the window at the impenetrable fog. Finally --
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: The Americans knew we were coming.
dialog: We walked into their trap.
text: The officers exchange an incredulous look: can that possibly
text: be true? Yamamoto takes a slow breath.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO (CONT'D)
dialog: We can still win. But we must know
dialog: what we're facing.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: Bruno and O'Flaherty bob in their small raft. Bruno shields
text: his eyes against the sun as he stares at an approaching ship.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: It's a destroyer.
scene_heading: LT. O'FLAHERTY
dialog: American or Jap?
text: Bruno takes a hard look. He doesn't like what he sees.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: It's the Japs. And I don't think
dialog: they're gunna be in a very good mood
dialog: after what we did to their ships.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE DESTROYER - FANTAIL - DAY
text: Bruno and O'Flaherty stand against the rear rail, surrounded
text: by Japanese sailors. Their hands are bound and five-gallon
text: drums of gasoline are lashed to their feet.
text: A young Japanese LIEUTENANT speaks in broken English.
scene_heading: JAPANESE LIEUTENANT
dialog: Where you come from?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Shangri-La.
dialog: 105.
text: Bruno says it with a straight face. The lieutenant turns to
text: his captain, and they have a short and intense exchange in
text: Japanese. The lieutenant turns back to the Americans.
scene_heading: JAPANESE LIEUTENANT
dialog: You tell us your ships. Or we throw
dialog: you overboard.
text: O'Flaherty blanches. Bruno stares back at the lieutenant and
text: then flicks his head at one of the sailors who is smoking.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Cigarette.
text: The lieutenant turns to the sailor and speaks in Japanese.
text: An instant later the lit cigarette is stuck between Bruno's
text: lips. He takes a deep drag, eyes locked on the captain.
speaker_heading: BRUNO (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I had a lot of friends at
dialog: Pearl Harbor.
text: Bruno exhales, smoke blowing in the wind.
speaker_heading: BRUNO (CONT'D)
dialog: So how about you go fuck yourself.
text: The captain doesn't wait for the translation -- he hears
text: everything he needs to know in Bruno's tone. He snaps his
text: fingers at his men.
text: Bruno doesn't try to struggle. He just stares down the captain
text: as they lift him over the rail and dump him into the Pacific:
text: a portrait in courage to the end.
text: When he's gone, the lieutenant turns to O'Flaherty.
scene_heading: JAPANESE LIEUTENANT
dialog: You. Tell us your ships.
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Tamon stands in the center of a circle of grim-faced pilots.
text: Their planes are spotted for launch on the deck behind him.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: We are facing three American carriers.
dialog: You are the last intact aircraft unit
dialog: in the fleet, so the fate of Japan
dialog: rests on your skill. The Emperor expects
dialog: you to do your duty.
text: The men nod -- the moment is too serious for cheering -- and
text: then start for their planes.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: Hiryu steams into the wind, Val bombers launching from her
text: deck. The three other Japanese carriers blaze in the
text: background as a reminder of the stakes.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: EXT. USS YORKTOWN - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: As Thatch swings out of his Wildcat onto the deck, the FLIGHT
text: DECK OFFICER gives him a salute.
scene_heading: FLIGHT DECK OFFICER
dialog: Welcome back to the Yorktown, sir.
text: The officer's eyes widen as he gets a closer look at the
text: bullet holes in Thatch's plane.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT DECK OFFICER (CONT'D)
dialog: Jeez... did you take on the whole
dialog: Jap Navy by yourself?
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: Sure felt like it.
text: The dull THUD of distant explosions turns their heads -- the
text: carrier's escorts are firing flak at a pack of swiftly-
text: approaching dark dots in the sky. Incoming aircraft.
speaker_heading: THATCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Swing me around.
text: The deck officer gives him a confused look.
scene_heading: FLIGHT DECK OFFICER
dialog: But, sir... you must be almost out
dialog: of fuel.
text: Thatch gives the officer a dry look.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: I'm not going to need much fuel.
text: And then he jumps back into his cockpit. The officer WHISTLES
text: and men rush to turn the plane back toward the bow. A moment
text: later the Wildcat is roaring down the deck. As it leaps into
text: the air, Thatch sees a burst of flak to his right.
text: He banks towards it -- fighting every instinct for self-
text: preservation -- and spots a Japanese torpedo bomber flying
text: just a hundred feet above the waves.
text: Thatch flies straight at the bomber, closing the gap at over
text: four hundred miles an hour. At the last instant he fires,
text: and the planes pass within barely a dozen feet of each other.
text: The Japanese crew stares back at him --
text: -- and then Thatch's cockpit is illuminated by an explosion
text: as the bomber's fuel tank ruptures. Thatch doesn't take even
text: a moment to celebrate; he just banks his plane looking for
dialog: another target.
text: It's only been ten seconds since he left the Yorktown.
dialog: 
text: Thatch locks on a dark shape flying close to the water --
text: another torpedo bomber. He pushes into a dive, jamming his
text: throttle fully open...
dialog: 107.
text: ...but when he depresses his trigger, nothing happens. His
text: plane is out of ammo.
speaker_heading: THATCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Goddammit !
text: Thatch can only watch in frustration as the bomber drops its
text: torpedo just eight hundred yards away from the Yorktown. The
text: deadly fish leaves no wake as it runs toward its target...
text: THUD! The torpedo strikes the Yorktown directly amidships, a
text: great geyser of water erupting from her side.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Spruance stares through binoculars at a distant smudge of
text: smoke and then grimly shakes his head.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: Yorktown's hit. That leaves just us
dialog: and Hornet.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: Most of Hornet's air group managed
dialog: to get lost and landed at Midway.
dialog: Which means it's just us.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: What have we got left?
speaker_heading: FLAG OFFICER
text: A couple of SBDs just landed. The
text: pilots are coming up to report.
text: Spruance waits, binoculars once again focused on smoke from
text: the burning Yorktown. Feet clang on the metal stairwell
dialog: outside the bridge and then --
text: -- Best and McClusky enter. Spruance locks on them.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: What news from the enemy fleet?
speaker_heading: BEST
text: Three carriers down. One to go.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: And our air group?
text: Best and McClusky share a glance. This isn't good news.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
text: Only three torpedo bombers came back,
text: and they're all shot up.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: What about the dive bombers?
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: We can probably scrounge up a dozen.
dialog: 108.
text: Spruance isn't an easy man to rattle, but he's stunned by
text: the stark reality of those numbers. He stares at Best and
text: McClusky. That's when he notices...
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: Good God, McClusky. You've been shot.
text: Everyone on the bridge turns to look. McClusky's uniform is
text: damp from his shoulder to his cuff, and the skin on the back
text: of his hand is tinted red with blood.
text: McClusky shrugs, embarrassed by the attention.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: I can fly.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: The hell you can. Get your ass down
dialog: to the sick bay. Now.
text: McClusky reluctantly exits the room. Spruance turns his
dialog: attention to Best.
speaker_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Put the pilots you trust in any plane
dialog: that can fly.
speaker_heading: ; BEST
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: As Best turns to exit --
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: Good luck, son.
text: Best nods and is gone. Spruance stares after him, wondering
dialog: whether he's just condemned his remaining pilots to death.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Best marches down a long corridor, but then stops and leans
text: against a bulkhead, his body contorting in a brutal series
text: of wracking coughs. A passing SAILOR gives him a look.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: You okay, sir?
text: Best waves him off and catches his breath before entering --
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - PILOT READY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: A half-dozen exhausted pilots sit in silence, staring at the
text: status board. Two thirds of the planes have been labeled as
text: either shot down or missing in action. Best glances at a
text: PILOT, who is updating the chart.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Dickinson didn't come back?
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: No. Not yet.
text: Best knows exactly what that means. He takes a slow breath,
text: trying to gather himself. And then --
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I know you boys have just come through
dialog: hell. But we've gotta go back and
dialog: hit that last carrier.
text: There's a long moment of silence -- every man knows it's a
dialog: miracle that he returned alive from the first mission...
text: ...but then they just stand and file out the door without a
text: single word of protest. Marching, perhaps, to their doom.
text: Best watches them go, as proud as he has ever been in his
text: life. The pilot who spoke glances back at him.
speaker_heading: PILOT #2
dialog: I'll see if I can find more men.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - ENLISTED MEN QUARTERS - DAY
text: Murray sits on his bunk in the deserted room, hollow eyes
text: staring at the wall. Best sticks his head inside.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Strap up. We're going back out.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. But I think you need
dialog: to find someone else.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: What?
text: The words pour out of Murray in a nervous torrent.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: You don't know what it's like to be
dialog: in the back seat, sir. There's nothing
dialog: I can do but pray. And you fly like
dialog: you don't care if we come home.
text: Best steps into the room, stunned. All he can ask is...
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Why didn't you transfer off my plane?
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Because the other guys would have
dialog: given me hell. They would have asked
dialog: why I was too scared to fly with the
dialog: great Dick Best.
text: As Best stares at Murray -- registering his pain and anxiety --
text: he remembers his exchanges with Willie West.
dialog: 110.
text: Best needs Murray in his plane, but he also has grown enough to
dialog: understand this isn't a moment for a rah-rah speech; it's a
dialog: moment for honesty.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I want to go home too.
text: Murray glances up at Best, caught off-guard.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to spend more than a few days
dialog: at a time with my wife. I want to go
dialog: fishing with my dad back in Jersey.
dialog: I want to see my little girl get
dialog: married. And yourre right... if we
dialog: go back out there, we probably aren't
dialog: going to come back.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: But this is our job. We're the guys
dialog: who have to hold the fort until the
text: cavalry arrives.
text: Best crouches. He's staring into Murray's eyes.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: If you really can't fly, I'll find
dialog: someone cise. But you should get
dialog: ack in that plane. For yourself.
dialog: You'll remember this momen or the
dialog: rest of your life. And if you know
dialog: that you came through when people
dialog: were counting on you... well, you'll
dialog: be a different man. You'll be able
dialog: to face anything.
text: Best pauses. Murray can see that he's speaking from the heart,
text: and he's hanging on every word.
speaker_heading: BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: We've come this far, Murray. Don't
dialog: make me go back out there without you.
text: Murray thinks for a long moment, his fear wrestling his
text: loyalty. And then he pushes himself to his feet.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: I'll start the inspection.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: As Best emerges onto the deck, he notices Thatch standing
text: amid a cluster of pilots. Best walks over to the group and
text: sticks out his hand.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Welcome aboard. What are you doing
dialog: over here?
dialog: As Best and Thatch shake --
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: With Yorktown burning I didn't have
dialog: anywhere else to land.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I heard you're going back out there.
dialog: Want some company?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: The more the merrier.
text: Thatch flicks his head at the other pilots.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: Some of my friends from Yorktown
dialog: also wouldn't mind getting square.
text: Best pans the men and then nods, a glint in his eye. His
text: posse has just doubled in size.
scene_heading: INT. YAMATO - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Yamamoto studies the map. He finally looks up at his officers;
text: his air of command has returned.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: We will snatch victory from defeat.
text: Yamamoto's finger juts toward the estimated position of the
text: American fleet, which is marked with a grease pencil.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO (CONT'D)
text: The enemy has lost a carrier and
dialog: their air wings are weakened. We
dialog: will draw them within range of our
text: battleships and destroy them. Hiryu
dialog: will provide air cover.
text: The staff officers study the map.
speaker_heading: STAFF OFFICER
dialog: It's a bold plan.
text: The other men nod. Yamamoto turns to the signal officer.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: Radio Admiral Yamaguchi.
scene_heading: INT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Everyone on the bridge watches intently as Tamon reads the
text: message. He finally looks up.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Yamamoto is ordering us to charge.
dialog: Like samurai trying to save our honor.
text: It's clear from Tamon's face that he thinks the plan is
dialog: foolish, but an order is an order -- especially from Yamamoto.
text: He crumples the message.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: So it shall be.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The golden late-afternoon sun reflects off the tightly “grouped
text: formation of SBDs. Three towering columns of smoke to the
text: south serve as a reminder of the morning's battle.
scene_heading: INT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best peers through his binoculars. The Hiryu lies nineteen
text: thousand feet below him, surrounded by a phalanx of
text: battleships, cruisers and destroyers.
text: As Best lowers his binoculars, he notices a glint of metal
text: from an approaching aircraft. He clicks his intercom.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Get ready, Murray. We're not sneaking
text: up on them this time.
text: Best glances down at the Hiryu again, noting from the wake
text: that she's turning to starboard, and then makes a hand signal
text: out the window at his wingman.
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: Here they come!
text: Tracers streak the air as a dozen Zeroes slam into the
text: formation. A SBD directly ahead of us explodes -- the
text: percussion shaking our plane -- and Best pulls up to avoid
text: the fiery wreckage.
text: AS we emerge on the other side of the smoke, Best realizes
text: that his wingmen have fallen behind.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Stay on me, dammit!
text: And with those final words Best hits his flaps. Meanwhile,
text: Murray sees a pair of Zeroes locking onto their tail. We
text: expect him to flinch as usual, but this time he swings the
text: .30 cals into position and unleashes a barrage...
text: ...just as Best pushes the plane over into a steep dive.
text: Murray flies out of his seat, weightless, and desperately
text: grabs the barrel of the guns for support. His skin hisses as
text: e touches the red-hot metal and Murray yelps in pain --
text: -- but then he notices that the Zeroes are still on their
text: tail. Murray grits his teeth, wedges himself into the cockpit,
text: and grabs the guns with his burned hands. There's no fear in
text: his eyes; only determination.
text: The .30 cals chatter back into action, driving back the
text: swarming Zeroes. Best's voice rings through the intercom.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: BEST (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Murray! Altitude!
speaker_heading: MURRAY
dialog: We've got Zeroes on our tail.
text: Best grunts to himself and then glances back and forth between
text: the bombsight and the rapidly-approaching carrier. Ferocious
text: flak is bursting on either side of the plane, and the airframe
text: shakes as fragments piece the wings.
text: But Best just keeps his eyes locked on his target. Bombs
text: splash in the water off her starboard side as the elusive
text: Hiryu tightens her turn to avoid her attackers.
text: Best touches his flaps, flying by instinct. The sound grows
text: muffled as he locks on the rising sun painted on the center
text: of the carrier's deck. We're watching a man utterly in his
dialog: element; this is what he was born to do.
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Tamon stares up at the dive bombers as they fall from the
text: sky. He focuses on the plane streaking straight for the center
text: of his deck. The pilot is silhouetted by the setting sun.
scene_heading: EXT. BEST'S SBD - DAY
text: Best stares through his windscreen at the bridge. He's barely
text: twelve hundred feet above the carrier.
speaker_heading: MURRAY (V.O.)
dialog: I can't shake these damn Zeroes!
text: Best ignores him and yanks the bomb release lever --
text: -- just as another burst of flak explodes practically on
text: their wing. Best slams into the edge of the cockpit as the
text: plane violently lurches sideways --
text: -- but we FALL with the bomb as it makes a beeline directly
text: for the center of Hiryu's deck. It strikes the painted insignia
text: of the red rising sun and pierces the wood like a bullet.
text: For an instant we get a glimpse of the hangar deck as the
text: bomb penetrates the ship. And then...
text: BOOM! The sound is deafening in the enclosed space as planes
text: and men are hurled away from the cataclysmic explosion.
dialog: Dick Best has just become the first (and only) aviator in
dialog: history to hit two enemy Carriers in one day.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - ANTI-AIRCRAFT BATTERY - DAY
text: The ship lurches as the explosion rips at her heart. But the
text: guns keep firing at the attacking SBDs.
text: One of the planes never pulls out of its dive and SLAMS into
text: the ocean at terminal velocity.
dialog: 114.
text: At that speed the water is like cement, and the plane is
text: practically vaporized.
dialog: Was it Best?
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Tamon stand rooted in place, staring in shock at the burning
text: hole in the center of his flight deck.
text: He glances up just as the next squadron of SBDs begins their
text: runs and watches, eerily detached, as one bomb heads straight
text: for the central elevator. But an instant before it detonates,
text: Kaku grabs him and pulls him back inside the bridge.
speaker_heading: KAKU
dialog: Admiral, you must --
text: KA-BOOM! The thousand-pound bomb explodes on the edge of the
text: elevator. The force of the blast hurls a massive portion of
dialog: the lift toward the island --
text: -- and it slams into the front of the bridge. The impact
text: shatters the windows and throws the officers to the floor.
text: One unfortunate crewmember is ejected out the back balcony
text: and falls screaming to the ocean below.
text: The men slowly push themselves to their feet, stunned to be
text: alive. A firm voice carries through the smoke.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Every man on damage control. We must
dialog: save this ship.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: The sun is low on the horizon. The destroyer Phelps bobs a
text: few hundred feet from the Enterprise as a launch speeds toward
text: the carrier. In the bow of the launch sits...
text: ...Dickinson. He has a black eye and a bandage on his cheek,
text: but he’s otherwise unharmed.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: Dickinson scrambles up a ladder and emerges onto the deck.
text: Mechanics are swarming over the fifteen planes that returned
text: from the mission, but flight operations have ceased.
text: McClusky approaches Dickinson, one arm in a sling. He holds
text: out his other hand. As they shake --
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: You're a sight for sore eyes. What
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
text: Ran out of fuel twenty miles out.
text: Ditched next to the Phelps.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
dialog: Didn't you serve on the Phelps?
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: First two_ years out of the academy.
dialog: Funny world...
text: Dickinson shakes his head, momentarily overwhelmed. It's
dialog: been a hell of day. Then --
speaker_heading: h \ DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Where's Best?
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKY
text: He went back out to hit the last Jap
dialog: carrier. Hasn't come home yet.
text: The news takes the breath out of Dickinson. He turns toward
text: the low sun and scans the sky for any sign of a plane.
dialog: But there's nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. HONOLULU - MCCLUSKY HOUSE - DAY
text: Ann hurries up the path to a clapboard cottage and knocks on
text: the door. A moment later LAURA MCCLUSKY, 29, answers.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: You have news?
text: Laura nods and then ushers Ann into --
scene_heading: INT. MCCLUSKY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: A half-dozen nervous Navy wives are gathered in the living
text: room. Laura gestures at a woman holding a glass of wine.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Cindy heard a rumor from the base.
dialog: There's a big battle. One of our
text: carriers is sinking.
text: Ann's heart catches in her throat.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: And the pilots?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: It sounds like we lost a lot of them.
dialog: These women have been conditioned for tough times -- stiff
text: upper lip is their motto -- so Ann forces herself to just
text: nod. But Laura reads her expression.
speaker_heading: LAURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Drink?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Please. I just need to use the
dialog: bathroom first.
dialog: 116.
text: Ann gives the other wives a tight smile and then walks down
text: the hall and slips into --
scene_heading: INT. MCCLUSKY HOUSE - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Ann closes the door, her hand shaking slightly, and then
text: stares into the mirror through hollow eyes. She has a
dialog: premonition that everything is not going to be okay. And
text: she's very scared and very alone.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY
text: Spruance peers down at the map, arms crossed. He finally
text: turns to Browning.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: The Japanese might charge with their
dialog: battleships. So we will withdraw for
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN BROWNING
dialog: But their fleet might be out of range
text: in the morning.
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL SPRUANCE
dialog: Nimitz ordered us to be judicious.
dialog: We won a great victory today. Let's
dialog: not blow it.
text: The radar officer abruptly spins in his seat.
speaker_heading: RADAR OFFICER
dialog: Sir! We got something inbound.
scene_heading: INT. THATCH'S WILDCAT - DAY
text: Thatch's wary eyes continually scan the sky, exhaustion etched
text: on his face. His radio crackles:
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.0O.)
text: Bogies twenty degrees southwest of
dialog: your position. Prepare to intercept.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: Copy, Enterprise.
text: Thatch shoves the throttle forward and banks the Wildcat in
text: a steep turn. He locks on a distant speck in the sky.
speaker_heading: THATCH (CONT'D)
dialog: I've got visual.
text: The engine growls as Thatch closes the gap. The speck turns
text: into a plane, but as his fingers tighten on the trigger
text: another voice echoes through his radio.
speaker_heading: BEST (V.0.)
dialog: Hey, Wildcat. You fire at me, and
dialog: I'll kick your ass up and down the
dialog: big E's deck when we land.
dialog: 117.
text: Thatch's face splits in a huge grin.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: Roger that.
text: Thatch whips the Wildcat around to fly in formation off the
text: SBD's wing. He can see Best in his cockpit.
speaker_heading: THATCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you take the scenic route home?
speaker_heading: BEST (V.0.)
dialog: Wanted to see our morning's work.
speaker_heading: THATCH
dialog: Well, don't blow your landing.
dialog: Everyone's going to be watching.
text: Best smiles and then gives him a mock salute.
scene_heading: EXT. USS ENTERPRISE - FLIGHT DECK - DAY
text: The western sky is ablaze with a fiery sunset, perhaps in
text: honor of the remarkable day. Best's SBD hits the deck and
text: grabs the first arresting wire, as always.
text: When the propeller slows to a halt, a crowd of men rush toward
text: the plane. Dickinson is the first to reach it, and he pulls
text: himself up to the cockpit.
text: He and Best stare at each other.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Thought you were dead.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: They said the same thing about you.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Glad they were wrong.
text: The men share a look -- so much unsaid -- and then Dickinson
text: hands him a flask of whiskey.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Medicinal. Admiral's orders.
text: Best jerks his finger at the back seat, where a drained Murray
text: is unstrapping himself.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Give it to Murray. He earned it.
text: Best swings himself out of the cockpit, but as he hits the
text: deck his knees buckle and he launches into a violent coughing
text: fit. Dickinson watches with concern.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: Are you okay?
dialog: 118.
text: Best stays bent over, body wracked by spasms. When it finally
text: subsides, he spits blood onto the wood planking.
text: Dickinson's worry immediately graduates into full-blown panic.
text: He throws his arm around his friend.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: You're going to the sick bay.
scene_heading: INT. HIRYU - ENGINE ROOM - NIGHT
text: A desperate group of men wearing gas masks work in thick
text: smoke, lit by red emergency lights. The paint on the ceiling
text: is blackening from the heat of the fire above and burning
text: flecks occasionally fall like apocalyptic snow.
text: A gauge on the main turbine sinks toward zero, and one of
text: the men frantically shouts at the others. They rush to twist
text: a valve, but the gauge continues to sink until --
text: -- the noise from the engines abruptly stops. An instant
text: later the room falls into total darkness. The ceiling,
text: however, still glows a faint red from the infernal heat above.
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - HANGAR DECK - NIGHT
text: A cruiser and two destroyers circle the listing carrier,
text: spraying water onto the fires that have breached her deck.
text: Tamon stands near the rear elevator. He stares down into the
text: darkness of the hangar, head shaking.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Without power we can't stop the fires.
speaker_heading: KAKU
dialog: Our men will fight to the death.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Of course. But I won't sacrifice
dialog: them if the battle is already lost.
text: The signal officer runs up to them and salutes Tamon.
speaker_heading: SIGNAL OFFICER
dialog: Sir! A message from Admiral Yamamoto.
text: The main body is continuing forward
dialog: for a night action. He orders us to
dialog: scuttle the carrier immediately so
text: that it doesn't fall into enemy hands.
text: Tamon thinks for a long moment, turning the words over in
text: his head. He finally glances at Kaku.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Gather the men.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: EXT. HIRYU - FLIGHT DECK - NIGHT
text: The remaining crew members stand at attention on the aft of
text: the flight deck, lit by the eerie light from the fires. Tamon
text: is perched on a box at the front of the group. His voice
text: carries clearly to his men.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: You have all fought valiantly. The
dialog: loss of this battle falls on the
dialog: heads of your commanders, not you.
dialog: For that reason I have decided to go
text: down with the ship.
text: There's a gasp from the group, followed by various cries of
text: protest. Tamon raises his hands for silence.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: You will avenge this defeat and become
dialog: the core of an even more powerful
dialog: Japanese Navy. My final order is
dialog: that you carry on your loyal service
dialog: to the Emperor.
text: Tamon snaps his heels together and then turns to face west.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Banzai!
text: The men shout three banzais in response, the words ringing
text: around the deck of the doomed carrier. When the echo fades
text: bugles PLAY the Japanese national anthem as the giant battle
text: flags are lowered from the mast.
text: Tamon turns to Kaku, who stands in the front row.
speaker_heading: TAMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Abandon ship.
text: Kaku snaps at a lieutenant, who blows a whistle. The men
text: form orderly lines at the stern and begin to lower themselves
text: on ropes to the waiting lifeboats.
text: Meanwhile, a small cluster of officers gather around Tamon.
text: They stand in awkward silence, nobody sure what to say, until
text: the QUARTERMASTER clears his throat.
speaker_heading: QUARTERMASTER
text: There's still money in the ship's safe.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: Leave it. I'll need it for a square
dialog: meal in hell.
text: Tamon smiles slightly at his own joke, but the other officers
text: are hollow-eyed. Kaku finally speaks.
speaker_heading: KAKU
dialog: I want to stay with you.
dialog: 120.
text: Tamon's expression turns serious. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: TAMON
dialog: I'm touched by your offer, but you
dialog: young men must leave the ship. That's
dialog: my final order.
text: Kaku struggles to keep from bursting into tears and then
text: draws himself up in a salute.
scene_heading: EXT. MAKIGUMO - DECK - DAY (DAWN)
text: Hundreds of survivors from Hiryu cling to every available
text: spot, eyes locked on their ship. The loudspeakers blare:
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER (V.0O.)
text: Battle station torpedo port side.
text: Target Hiryu bearing ninety degrees.
text: The torpedo drops into the water with a hiss. Men are openly
text: weeping, clutching the railings for support.
text: Kaku stands at the fantail, tears running down his cheeks.
text: His eyes are locked on a lonely figure standing at attention
text: next to the Hiryu's island.
text: It's Tamon. Holding a silent vigil.
text: THUD! The torpedo detonates near the carrier's starboard
text: bow, nearly driving the ship's prow out of the water.
text: Kaku looks back at the island, but Tamon is gone.
scene_heading: INT. YAMATO - FLAG BRIDGE - DAY (DAWN)
text: Yamamoto sits ramrod straight in a chair, the deep bags under
text: his eyes the only sign of his exhaustion. Three of his
text: officers warily approach.
speaker_heading: SIGNAL OFFICER
dialog: Our scouts found nothing . The American
dialog: carriers must have withdrawn overnight.
text: An emotional young flag officer can't contain himself.
speaker_heading: FLAG OFFICER
dialog: We should push forward and bombard
dialog: Midway with our guns. The Americans
dialog: have no battleships. We can still
dialog: win this battle.
text: Yamamoto has been stone-faced throughout the exchange, but
text: he shakes his head at the final comment.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO
dialog: We have no air cover. And we all
dialog: learned about the weaknesses of
dialog: battleships at Pearl Harbor.
dialog: 121.
text: Yamamoto turns to the young flag officer, who shrinks under
text: his baleful stare.
speaker_heading: YAMAMOTO (CONT'D)
dialog: You've been playing too much shogi.
dialog: We cannot gamble the rest of the
dialog: fleet to save our pride.
speaker_heading: FLAG OFFICER #2
dialog: Then what are your orders, sir?
text: Yamamoto weighs the impossible question.
scene_heading: INT. STATION HYPO - DAY
text: The usual bustle of the room has been replaced by silence as
text: Rochefort stares down at an intercepted message. Everyone
text: watches him, waiting for his reaction.
text: And then a slow smile spreads across Rochefort's face.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - CINCPAC OPERATIONS ROOM - DAY
text: Nimitz maintains his weary vigil at the front of the room as
text: Layton and the exhausted staff officers update the map.
text: Rochefort bursts into the room, waving the message over his
text: head like a trophy.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
text: The Japanese are retreating.
text: Everyone stares him. The news takes a moment to process.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: We won.
text: Rochefort nods. And then the room erupts in a wild
text: celebration. Rochefort and Layton hug as staff officers pound
text: each other on the back.
text: Nimitz watches his men, briefly letting himself enjoy the
text: moment, and then walks into --
scene_heading: INT. MAIN NAVY BUILDING - NIMITZ'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Nimitz closes the door behind him and takes a deep breath.
text: And then he calls to his sleepy secretary.
speaker_heading: NIMITZ
dialog: Get me Halsey.
scene_heading: INT. NAVAL HOSPITAL PEARL HARBOR - HALSEY'S ROOM - DAY
text: Halsey stands in his hospital gown with the phone pressed
text: against his ear, staring out the window at Pearl Harbor.
text: His eyes are once again wet, but this time his expression is
text: somewhere between satisfaction and relief.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: INT. LAYTON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Miriam is reading on the couch. The front door opens and
text: Layton enters, carrying a brown paper bag. Miriam gives him
text: a confused look.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: What are you doing home?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: I thought we might have lunch.
text: Layton opens the bag and pulls out a bottle of wine and a
text: loaf of bread. Miriam's brow furrows.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Did something happen? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Actually, it's a good day. And I
dialog: want to celebrate with my wife.
text: Miriam reads Layton's expression and sees an unaccustomed
text: sparkle in his eyes. She stands and kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I'll get something on the table.
scene_heading: INT. USS ENTERPRISE - PILOT READY ROOM - NIGHT
text: The door creaks open and Best enters. We've always seen this
text: room filled with life, but now it's empty except for abandoned
dialog: playing cards and magazines and...
text: ...Dickinson. He's leaning against the desk, staring at the
text: ready board. Best follows his gaze and sees the grim reality:
text: over half of their friends are dead or missing.
dialog: After a long moment --
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: What happened to that whiskey?
text: Dickinson turns his head at the familiar voice and then slides
text: a flask out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: I saved it just in case you snuck
text: out of the infirmary.
text: Dickinson hands him the flask, and Best grabs a pair of coffee
text: mugs and pours two shots. He raises his mug in a toast.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: To Cliff Janz and the rest of the
dialog: men on Arizona. To the good men we
dialog: lost today and the good men we'll
dialog: lose tomorrow. To the...
dialog: 123.
text: The words trail off as Best is caught up in emotion. Dickinson
text: is briefly paralyzed -- he's never seen his friend this raw
text: and vulnerable -- but then he raises his own mug.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON
dialog: To those in peril on the sea.
text: Best nods; the old toast is perfect for this moment. The men
text: shoot the whiskey, and then Dickinson stands and walks over
text: to the door. But he pauses before exiting.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey.
text: Best turns his head to look at him.
speaker_heading: DICKINSON (CONT'D)
dialog: We did it.
text: Best and Dickinson trade a long look. And then Dickinson
text: disappears down the hallway, peaving Best alone to contemplate
text: the list of the missing and the dead.
text: AS we go CLOSE on Best's face, we see his pain -- both
text: physical and emotional. Yet beneath the pain is something
dialog: else: exhilaration.
text: Dickinson is right. Yes, much hard fighting remains, but in
dialog: the darkest of hours the courage of this small fraternity of
text: men has turned the tide of war in the Pacific.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - DAY
text: The Enterprise sails down the channel, her battle flags
text: proudly flying from the mast and the crew standing at
text: attention on the deck. Dozens of planes pass overhead in a
text: formation as her air group buzzes the harbor.
text: The shores are lined with cheering men and women -- soldiers
dialog: from Fort Kamehameha and Hickam, and patients and doctors
text: from Hospital Point. The crew of the other warships in the
text: harbor line their own decks, sirens and whistles sounding.
scene_heading: EXT. PEARL HARBOR - WHARF - DAY
text: It's a joyous scene as men pour off the Enterprise to
text: rendezvous with their friends and families.
text: Layton stands away from the commotion and watches the men
text: disembark, an expression of quiet satisfaction on his face.
dialog: He's content to enjoy this moment from the shadows until --
text: -- Best rolls up to him in a wheelchair. He's pale and has
text: lost at least ten pounds. He stares up at Layton.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Hey, remember me? We met once in the
text: bar at the Pink Palace.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: LAYTON
dialog: Yeah, I remember.
text: Layton's tone is wary; he doesn't want to get burned again.
text: But Best sticks out his hand.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Hell of a job. You intelligence guys
dialog: really came through for us.
text: Layton takes Best's hand and shakes, fighting to keep his
text: emotions in check. He never expected this kind of validation,
dialog: certainly not from a flyboy. But Nimitz was right; even though
text: he isn't on the front lines in a destroyer or dive bomber,
dialog: he has nevertheless done something truly meaningful.
text: Best, meanwhile, turns away and continues to wheel himself
text: down the wharf. His eyes desperately search the scene until
text: he finally sees...
text: ...Ann and Barbera. They're wearing matching Sunday dresses.
text: When Barbera notices her father, she dashes through the crowd
text: and hurls herself onto his lap.
speaker_heading: BARBERA
dialog: Daddy!
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: Easy, sweetie.
text: Best hugs his daughter and then gingerly stands to greet
text: Ann. Her relief emerges in a breathtaking smile. But it fades
text: into concern as she gets a closer look at him.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I inhaled caustic soda. Apparently
dialog: it activated my latent tuberculosis.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: My lungs are shot. The Navy's never
dialog: going to let me fly again.
text: The words involuntarily burst out of Ann's mouth.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Thank God.
speaker_heading: BEST
dialog: I'm a pilot, Ann. This is the one
dialog: thing I'm good at.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Well, get good at something else.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: ANN (CONT'D)
dialog: You've got the rest of your life to
dialog: figure it out.
text: Best hears the wisdom in those words, and he pulls his wife
text: into an embrace. They hold each other tightly, tears in their
text: eyes -- overwhelmingly grateful for the miracle that has
dialog: brought them back together.
dialog: We leave them in this most intimate of moments and_ CRANE
text: UPWARDS, revealing the remarkable panorama of Pearl Harbor.
text: Enterprise is berthed just hundreds of yards from the wreck
text: of the Arizona, the ship that she avenged.
text: As we PULL BACK further, we see the new ships and new
dialog: construction projects around the harbor: the beginnings of
text: what will soon become the world's mightiest war machine.
text: But we keep RISING and PULLING BACK until we're finally
text: focused on just the vast, endless ocean -- an ocean that has
dialog: tried and tested the will of everyone in our story: Japanese
dialog: and American alike.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: Waves lap over the camera lens, a scrap of wreckage bobbing
text: in the foreground. A yellow life raft heaves into the frame.
text: Gay lies in the bottom, badly sunburned. He stares up at the
text: clouds with a vacant look in his eye.
text: SUPER: "Ensign Gay, the lone survivor of his squadron, spent
text: several days adrift in the Pacific before being rescued."
scene_heading: EXT. PAPUA NEW GUINEA - DAY
text: A line of Japanese soldiers walk single-file through the
text: thick jungle. One of them points silently at the trees above
text: them, which have been cropped as if by a mysterious force.
dialog: SUPER: "A year after Midway, American codebreakers -- led by
dialog: Edwin Layton -- intercepted Yamamoto's travel itinerary."
text: The men continue into a clearing, where they discover a
text: crashed Mitsubishi G4M bomber. The wings are sheared off and
text: the cabin is split open by the force of the wreck.
dialog: SUPER: "Admiral Nimitz personally ordered a squadron of
text: fighters to shoot down Yamamoto's transport plane."
text: One of the soldiers points at a tree on the far side of the
dialog: clearing where...
text: ...Yamamoto is propped upright, dead. Dried blood from a
text: head wound covers his formal uniform and one white-gloved
text: hand still grips his katana sword.
dialog: SUPER: "Yamamoto was buried with full honors."
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO BAY - DAY
text: Dozens of carriers and battleships from the mighty American
text: fleet fill the anchorage, guns trained on the city. Countless
text: fighters and bombers pass overhead in a thunderous formation.
dialog: SUPER: "On September 2, 1945 the US Pacific Fleet sailed
dialog: into Tokyo Bay."
scene_heading: EXT. MISSOURI - MAIN DECK - DAY
text: Hundreds of khaki-clad soldiers and sailors stand at attention
text: as a small delegation of Japanese officials make their way
text: toward a wood table.
dialog: SUPER: "Admiral Nimitz was chosen to sign the official
dialog: surrender documents on behalf of the United States."
text: As Nimitz raises his pen, we notice Layton standing underneath
text: one of the giant sixteen-inch gun turrets.
dialog: SUPER: "In recognition of his contributions to the war effort,
dialog: Nimitz invited Layton to attend as his personal guest."
text: Further down the deck stand three familiar officers ina
text: tight group, bright smiles on their faces.
dialog: SUPER: "Dickinson, Thatch and McClusky survived the war. All
dialog: three men eventually became admirals in the US Navy."
scene_heading: EXT. US NAVAL ACADEMY - RADFORD TERRACE - DAY (1996)
text: Autumn leaves swirl on the main quad. A crowd has gathered
text: on the lawn between the beautiful chapel and the imposing
text: facade of Bancroft Hall.
dialog: SUPER: "Dick Best spent three years after Midway in a Naval
dialog: Hospital and never flew again. He eventually became director
dialog: of security for the Rand Corporation."
text: As we draw closer to the crowd, we find hundreds of Midshipmen
text: and civilians sitting in neat rows of chairs. They're facing
text: a brand-new stone monument honoring the Battle of Midway.
scene_heading: SUPER: "US NAVAL ACADEMY. OCTOBER 3, 1996"
text: REAR ADMIRAL SAMUEL LOCKLEAR, 42, speaks from the podium
text: next to a row of dignitaries.
scene_heading: READ ADMIRAL LOCKLEAR
dialog: In the memorable words of President
dialog: Franklin Delano Roosevelt, 'There is
text: a mysterious cycle in human events.
dialog: To some generations, much is given.
dialog: Of other generations, much is expected.
text: Locklear turns to look at a figure standing off-camera.
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: READ ADMIRAL LOCKLEAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Today, as we dedicate this monument
dialog: to the memory of the brave men who
dialog: fought for liberty, we are honored
dialog: to have one of the last surviving
dialog: Midway pilots with us. Lieutenant
dialog: Commander Richard Halsey Best.
text: As the crowd rises to applaud, we focus on a camera whirring
text: near the back of the group. We PUSH into the viewfinder until
text: a VHS image fills our screen...
text: ...and suddenly we are watching footage of the real DICK
text: BEST, age 86, speaking at the ceremony. He stands proudly in
text: his dinner dress uniform, his back ramrod straight, the last
dialog: survivor of his squadron.
speaker_heading: DICK BEST
dialog: I guess it's my job to speak for the
dialog: guys who can't be here. We lost a
dialog: lot of good men that day, and a lot
dialog: more since. But I'm glad to know
dialog: that we're remembered.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: People often ask me about Midway.
dialog: How I could fly against those odds,
dialog: knowing that I probably wasn't going
dialog: to come back.
text: Best stares out at this new generation of Naval officers,
text: determined to pass along the one lesson he truly learned.
speaker_heading: DICK BEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Those men were my brothers. I would
dialog: have flown with them straight into
dialog: Hell.
dialog: We take one final look at this remarkable man, the faint
text: growl of a distant engine in our ear, and then...
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
dialog: SUPER: "Dick Best died in Santa Monica, California at the
text: age of 91. He is buried alongside many of his friends and
dialog: fellow pilots at Arlington National Cemetery."
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
