dialog: 
scene_heading: MIGHTY JOE YOUNG
dialog: Written by
dialog: Mark Rosenthal &amp; Lawrence Konner
dialog: Based on a screenplay by
dialog: Ruth Rose
dialog: Story by
dialog: Merian C. Cooper
dialog: August 1997
dialog: Final Production Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
scene_heading: 1 EXT. MOUNTAIN RANGE - DAY 1
text: The lush Pangani Mountains of Africa, mysterious and
text: seemingly untouched.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. PANGANI FOREST - DAY 2
text: A warm golden light bathes the jungle. Shafts of
text: sunlight filter through the forest floor. The sounds of
text: WILD BIRDS break the hushed quiet of the setting. As we
text: MOVE IN we FIND a large female mountain gorilla lounging,
text: eating leaves in the dense undergrowth, her precocious
text: baby gorilla plays nearby.
scene_heading: THROUGH CAMERA LENS
text: A view of the mother gorilla, a few PICTURES SNAPPED.
text: BACK TO SCENE
dialog: The photographer is RUTH YOUNG, naturalist, researcher,
text: sitting in the undergrowth with her camera, notebooks,
text: and sketch pad. Her precocious young daughter, JILL,
text: plays nearby.
text: Jill smiles, watching the baby gorilla clown. As the baby
text: sees her, he suddenly scampers to a nearby tree and hides
text: his face behind it. Jill does the same. She peeks out to
text: catch a glimpse, just as the baby peeks out to catch her
text: eye. They both scamper to different trees. Each time
text: they move to a different tree, they go through this
text: peek-a-boo interaction, both moving further away from
text: their mothers. The mother GORILLA notices, lets out a
text: CRY. Ruth looks around for Jill and signals by a
text: distinctive whistle for her to come back this instant.
text: Both children take a last look at each other and then
text: scurry to their waiting mothers.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Jill. What did I tell you?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: But Joe started it!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It's not good for them to interact
dialog: with us.
dialog: (gathering her things)
dialog: Besides, that wasn't Joe. It was
dialog: Marley.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: 2
text: Jill helps her mother heft the equipment as they start to
text: head back to camp.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No it wasn't. It was Joe.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Joe is just a baby, Jill. He was
dialog: too big to be Joe.
text: As they walk, they can see the sunset over the mountain
dialog: trail.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Check. Check the pictures.
text: Ruth looks down at her daughter, surprised by the
text: confidence in her voice.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. EQUATORIAL SKY - NIGHT 3
text: The Southern Cross above the horizon. The Milky Way a
text: dusty streak of white. A shooting star streaks in an arc
dialog: down to the --
speaker_heading: MOUNTAIN RANGE
text: The dark peaks silhouetted against the stellar glow.
speaker_heading: POV SHOT
text: Charging THROUGH dense, primeval forest. We hear an
text: eerie metallic JANGLE of what sounds like wind chimes
text: riding right with us. Something is moving quickly up
dialog: this mountain.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. PANGANI JUNGLE - NIGHT 4
text: Bursting THROUGH FRAME -- a pack of mongrel hunting dogs
text: driven hard by a half dozen African men with rifles.
text: Poachers wielding pangas (machetes). A glint of silver
text: as a panga sweeps ACROSS FRAME, hacking at the wall of
text: thistles and nettles.
speaker_heading: ON DOGS
text: Eyes yellow. Teeth flared. The RINGING sound made by
text: TIN SQUARES cut from cans, tied by rawhide around their
text: necks. CLANG-CLANG-CLANG. One poacher whips his panga
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 4 CONTINUED: 4
text: PUNCH IN to reveal -- impaled in the earth, a three-foot
text: stick figure with a macabre animal skull for a head. The
text: poacher shouts in local dialect until -- A foul-looking
text: man, GARTH, pushes INTO FRAME. Carrying a heavy Weatherby
text: Mark V rifle across his back. Garth yanks the primitive
text: doll from the ground. Looks back as -- A figure
text: approaches in the darkness.
text: A glowing cigar clenched in his stained teeth, STRASSER
text: checks the doll over -- primitive, grotesque; then snaps
text: it in two. Tossing it away contemptuously, he shouts
text: orders in the local dialect.
text: The men continue up the path. Dogs sweeping behind like
scene_heading: a wildfire. CLANG-CLANG-CLANG. PAN UP OVER TO --
scene_heading: 5 EXT. FOREST - NIGHT 5
text: The RING of the DOG COLLARS floats on a night breeze
text: across a deep valley to the other side of the mountain,
dialog: down to a...
speaker_heading: CLEARING
text: A small circle of huts forming a campsite around a night
dialog: fire. We go inside...
dialog: one of them --
scene_heading: 6 INT. HUT - NIGHT 6
text: Ruth Young's hut. On one side is a makeshift field
text: laboratory, highlighted by a wall collage of photos --
text: family shots mixed right in with gorilla shots.
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: sits on the edge of a cot, tucking Jill into bed. She
text: leans down, kisses Jill gently on her forehead.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Jill, what made you think the
dialog: gorilla we saw today was Joe?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I was right, wasn't I?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: 6 CONTINUED: 6
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: My notes say that Joe is only six
dialog: months old. Either I got
dialog: confused, or he's a very unusual
dialog: gorilla.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (sing-song)
dialog: I told you so.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Yes, you did. And Mommy's going
dialog: to write it down in her book.
text: She holds up a dog-eared composition book, Ruth's detailed
dialog: log of her observations.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Right here. '... and my trusted
dialog: colleague, Dr. Jill Young, showed
dialog: me the error of my ways.'
text: Jill smiles.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Now go to sleep.
text: Ruth begins singing a lullaby.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Sleep till the night ends, the
dialog: night wind will sing for you.
dialog: Your song and my song. It goes on
dialog: forever.'
text: As she sings, a man appears in the doorway. This is
text: KWELI, the camp manager. He seems nervous and impatient,
text: but doesn't want to disturb Ruth. Jill sees him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Goodnight, Kweli.
text: Ruth turns.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Kweli? What is it?
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: You should come. Quickly.
text: As soon as she hears the words, Ruth is up. As she leaves
text: the hut, she grabs her walking stick.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 6 CONTINUED: (2) 6
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Mommy, can I...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Stay here, Jill.
text: Ruth exits, Kweli behind her. Jill follows, despite her
text: mother's orders... but Kweli feels her behind him. He
text: turns around and crouches down, looking Jill seriously in
dialog: the face:
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: (fatherly)
dialog: Stay here, child.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 7 EXT. HUT 7
text: A group of Bahatu trackers have gathered in the center of
text: the camp. They stand, silently, listening...
text: The distant CHIMING of the poaching dogs is unmistakable --
text: ECHOING in the night.
text: Ruth walks into the circle, also listening. She turns to
dialog: Kweli.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Poachers.
text: Kweli nods. All the men look at Ruth for a sign.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (in Swahili,
dialog: subtitled)
dialog: Let's go.
text: Ruth leads them onto the forest path that goes up the
dialog: mountain.
speaker_heading: NEAR HUT
text: Jill has not stayed in bed. She has come out of the hut
text: to watch the commotion.
speaker_heading: JILL'S POV
text: Her mother, silhouetted by moonlight, in her mind larger-
text: than-life, pushes up the trail. Then she's gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. PANGANI FOREST - NIGHT 8
text: Strasser leads a breakneck pace through the woods. Garth
text: looks around as the AFRICANS begin to murmur something over
dialog: and over. These men seem scared...
speaker_heading: AFRICANS
dialog: ... n'gai zamu!... n'gai zamu!...
text: Garth steps closer to keep up with Strasser.
speaker_heading: GARTH
text: They're at it again.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Mystical nonsense. There's only
dialog: one thing they should be afraid of
dialog: on this mountain.
dialog: (threatening, to
dialog: the men)
text: And it's staring them right in the
dialog: face!
text: The men stare back at Strasser with equal hostility.
text: Suddenly, Garth kneels and picks something from the
text: ground. Rubs it between his fingers. Deposits it in
text: Strasser's hand.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Gorilla. We're close.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. BASE CAMP - NIGHT 9
text: Jill is pacing by the hut, trying to stay put like her
text: mother said. Finally she can stand it no more. She
text: grabs a long, stainless steel flashlight from a peg
text: hanging on the outside of the hut and runs off...
scene_heading: 10 EXT. FOREST - WIDEN ANGLE - NIGHT 10
text: The African men fan out. It gets quiet fast. Strasser
text: and Garth swing rifles down from their shoulders as they
text: stalk. Proficient hunting machines.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - STRASSER
text: His predator's eyes scanning the moonlit green tapestry.
text: One more step -- then a dry POK-POK-POK sound erupts from
text: the bushes. The DOGS BARK madly -- CLAPPERS RINGING.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
text: Trees shake furiously.
text: Strasser spins to see several gorillas, darting from the
text: trees, a blur of black shapes trying to escape up the
dialog: mountain.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ONE FEMALE
text: The same one Ruth watched earlier. Joe clings tightly
text: to her back, his eyes wide with fear.
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV
text: A nightmarish collage of images accompanied by the
text: CLANGING of the dogs' COLLARS, the charge of the African
text: poachers, the SCREAMS of the MOTHER and the other
text: GORILLAS. Then he sees Strasser run forward, raise his
text: rifle with icy precision.
speaker_heading: THROUGH SCOPE
text: Strasser has Joe's mother dead on. Her head in the
text: cross-hairs as she tries to get away. The MOTHER'S raspy
text: animal SCREAM is unmistakably maternal, heart-breaking.
text: It ECHOES across the mountain as she tries to reach a
text: deep stretch of woods.
text: On her back, Joe turns once more to look back and sees --
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - STRASSER'S TRIGGER FINGER
text: squeezing gently, the EXPLOSION of the SHOT RATTLES the
dialog: forest.
text: The MOTHER'S SCREAM is CUT OFF sharply.
speaker_heading: ON JOE
text: We see Joe thrown THROUGH FRAME, tumbling into the high
dialog: grass.
text: Then, silence.
scene_heading: STRASSER AND GARTH
text: crash through the dense foliage to retrieve the body.
text: The DOGS SNAPPING behind. CLANG-CLANG-CLANG.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (2) 10
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Get the baby!
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Don't shoot it! They want the
dialog: babies alive!! Bring the sack!
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON JOE
text: He SCREAMS wildly, darts back and forth, desperately
text: looking for his mother.
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV
text: THROUGH the tall grass in the b.g., he can see the
text: Africans disappear up the hill hunting down the others.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: And then we see Joe's anguish turn to fury. He GROWLS --
text: and as the two big hunters come nearer -- Joe springs out
text: at them.
text: Joe is moving so fast, Strasser barely has time to react
text: before the furry black shape is on top of him -- WIDEN
text: as Joe attacks Strasser, knocking him back. Strasser
text: shouts and drops his rifle. Tries to pull Joe off as
text: they tumble down through the trees. Strasser punches
text: and pulls at this ball of sinew and muscle. He reaches
text: for his Match Master side arm with his right hand. PUNCH
text: IN CLOSE as Joe bites down viciously through the hand.
text: Strasser howls...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GARTH
text: He has retrieved his rifle and is charging hard for his
text: downed companion. He looks for a clear shot at Joe. PAN
text: RIGHT and RACK FOCUS as Ruth Young explodes from the
text: trees and flashes past Strasser, snatching Joe away. Joe
text: is not quite sure what has happened, but he hangs on to
dialog: Ruth for dear life.
text: Strasser staggers forward, holding his mangled hand.
text: Enraged.
text: He rips Garth's gun away from him and with his bloodied
text: hand, finds a way to pull the trigger. SHOTS RIP through
text: BARK but Ruth disappears into the trees like a spirit.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. FOREST - ON JILL - NIGHT 11
text: Running but nearing exhaustion. Hearing a fusillade of
text: GUNSHOTS -- Jill runs faster, panic contorting her face.
text: She runs desperately, swiping at branches, stinging
dialog: vines.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER POV
text: Something is running TOWARDS her.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. FOREST - NIGHT 12
text: Jill shines her flashlight into the forest. Further up,
text: someone waves a light back and forth. Like a signal.
text: Jill's face lights up. She continues running. Suddenly,
text: Jill is bowled over by Joe who leaps into her arms. They
text: roll on the ground, Jill with the wind knocked out of her.
text: They look into each other's face and both know that the
text: worst is happening. They are both silent with fear.
text: Strasser appears through the darkness. His right hand
text: wrapped in a bloody swath. Denying the pain. Garth
text: follows, gun up.
text: Jill and Joe lie hiding in the undergrowth. Jill's eyes
text: tell Joe not to make a sound. They barely breathe.
speaker_heading: JILL'S POV
text: of Strasser's and Garth's boots. Jill can hear the sound
text: of their voices, but their words are indistinct.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: She's got to be here somewhere.
dialog: She's got that damn devil with her.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: I think you might've hit the woman.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: These people want to live like
dialog: heroes, let them die like heroes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
text: They are nearly on top of Jill and Joe, and their words
text: are now crystal clear. Strasser looks at his bloody,
text: wrapped hand and stares vindictively into the dark forest
text: around him.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: That little demon took off my damn
text: trigger finger.
dialog: (in Roumanian)
dialog: Monstrule!
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Your little 'monster' couldn't
dialog: have gone far. Want to keep
dialog: looking or...?
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: No. Let's get out of here.
text: Jill and Joe lie still as stone as Strasser and Garth
text: continue past. Once they're gone, Joe and Jill begin to
text: breathe again. Then, Jill sees a light pop on in the
text: darkness. She flashes back.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: RUTH (O.S.)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Shhh!
text: Ruth suddenly emerges from the darkness. She collapses
text: next to Jill in the undergrowth.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Mom, there were men, they...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I know, I know. Shhh.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - RUTH'S HAND
text: We see blood trickle down her fingers. Ruth covers it
text: quickly so Jill can't see.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: JOE, clinging to Jill, begins to WHIMPER.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Oh, look who it is. Hello, Joe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 12 CONTINUED: (2) 12
speaker_heading: JILL
text: He's scared.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Poor baby. He lost his mommy
dialog: tonight.
text: Ruth turns her attention from Joe to her daughter.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: He needs someone to protect him.
dialog: Will you do that for me, Jill?
text: Jill is taken aback by her mother's behavior. She knows
text: something is wrong, but she doesn't know what it is.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Promise me you'll protect him,
dialog: Jill.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I... I promise.
text: Ruth takes Jill into her arms. She rocks her back and
text: forth, humming the lullaby we heard before.
speaker_heading: HOLD ON --
text: -- the three of them, huddled together in the dense jungle,
text: the lilting sound of Ruth's lullaby drifting through the
dialog: night air.
text: CAMERA FLOATS UP THROUGH the trees until it REVEALS and
text: HOLDS ON the star-lit Pangani sky. RUTH'S VOICE EXPANDS
text: INTO a CHORUS of POWERFUL AFRICAN VOICES SINGING the
text: SAME LULLABY, now transformed into an inspirational hymn.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 13 EXT. GRAVE SITE - DAY 13
text: MUSIC CUE: RUTH'S VOICE BECOMES a CHORUS of powerful
text: AFRICAN VOICES SINGING the SAME LULLABY in the local
dialog: dialect. But now it's become a powerful hymn -- sacred
dialog: and inspirational.
text: From the sky, flower petals of every color begin to fall.
text: As they fall, they land on...
text: A wooden plank that simply reads: "RUTH YOUNG."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11A.
scene_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
text: PAN ACROSS TO an adjacent marker that reads: "DR. EDWARD
dialog: YOUNG" -- Jill's parents now reunited on that great
dialog: mountain.
text: WIDEN TO camp cemetery.
text: Kweli lays Ruth's walking stick across her grave. Steps
text: back -- not even trying to wipe away his tears. Jill
text: stands bravely, singing through her broken heart.
text: Kweli takes her hand in his.
speaker_heading: POV - FROM WOODS
text: Someone is watching all of this. Staring directly at
dialog: Jill.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Kweli looks down at Jill.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: Don't worry, little one. I will
dialog: take care of you.
text: Jill nods, trying to stifle her tears. But she is now
text: staring into the woods, sensing that she is being
dialog: watched.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: You will love living in the
dialog: village. There are other
dialog: children, and...
text: Jill pulls her hand away from Kweli's and starts walking
text: toward the woods.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: Jill!
text: But she ignores him, breaking into a run, drawn
text: inexorably toward the jungle.
speaker_heading: ON KWELI
text: Starting after her at first, but then stopping. He lets
dialog: her go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 11B.
scene_heading: A14 EXT. PANGANI FOREST - DAY A14
text: Jill pushes her way through the brush, finding Joe,
text: waiting for her.
speaker_heading: ON JILL
text: Joe in her arms now, running through the woods as fast
dialog: as she can, and we PULL BACK and...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 14 EXT. AFRICAN LANDSCAPE - AERIAL SHOT - DAY 14
text: Rolling foothills. Farms. Giving way to steeper slopes.
text: The mountains rising just beyond.
speaker_heading: 15 OMITTED 15
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 16 EXT. AFRICAN LANDSCAPE - DAY 16
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: 12 YEARS LATER.
text: A quickly-moving dust cloud turns out to be --
speaker_heading: HUMVEE
text: racing at breakneck speed over the dirt highway. Driven
dialog: by GREGG O'HARA -- anyone would consider him young,
text: strong and handsome -- except that right now, it's all
text: hidden under the grime from a long flight and a week's
text: growth of beard. Hair long, unkempt; clothes wrinkled.
text: Gregg passes four local men burning a clearing in the
dialog: woods for yet more farmland.
text: Pushing its way up the mountain side. The humvee is
text: packed with EQUIPMENT that RATTLES as Gregg hits every
text: bump in the road.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. VILLAGE - DAY 17
text: A tiny African village, just a main square with a bar, a
text: school, an infirmary and a gas station.
text: Standing smack in the middle of the road is an East Indian
text: with a goatee, wrap-around Black Flys, and a Nike workout
dialog: suit.
text: Gregg's HUMVEE SKIDS to a sharp stop in front of him.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: You must be Pindi.
text: Pindi flashes him a broad smile.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: The one and only, bro.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 17A EXT. VILLAGE - DAY 17A
text: Pindi is leading Gregg down a row of vehicles: two Land
text: Rovers, one with a strange-looking seat attached to the
text: front hood, and an old, flatbed lorry. A surly-looking
text: group of men lounge around on them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: 17A CONTINUED: 17A
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Six men, three cars... everything
dialog: you ask for, Mr. Ohara.
dialog: (lowering his
dialog: voice)
dialog: All paid for in advance, out of
dialog: Pindi's pocket...
text: Gregg holds an envelope filled with cash in Pindi's face.
text: He nods towards the nasty-looking men.
speaker_heading: GREGG
text: Sweet-looking bunch of guys.
text: Pindi snatches the envelope -- but Gregg holds onto his
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: I asked for experienced trackers.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: These men are the best -- I assure
dialog: you. Very best.
text: Gregg allows Pindi to pull the envelope away. He
text: immediately rifles through the cash, checking to make sure
dialog: it's all there.
text: Gregg eyes Pindi's men suspiciously, then walks around to
text: the back of his humvee and flips open the storage boot,
text: revealing an array of animal-tracking gadgetry. Pindi
text: looks over his shoulder as Gregg loads a menacing-looking
dialog: rifle.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Nice piece you got there. What
dialog: are we hunting, elephants?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: We're not hunting anything.
text: Pindi sees that Gregg is loading the rifle with tran-
text: quilizer darts. This confuses him, but he pretends to
dialog: approve.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Ah! Tranquilizer darts. I agree
dialog: -- much nicer to animals than
text: bullets.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (indicating tranquilizer
dialog: gun)
dialog: Your men know how to use this, right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 17A CONTINUED: (2) 17A
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Oh sure, boss. Only professionals
dialog: here.
text: Gregg carefully puts the rifle back, then grabs a pair of
text: Minolta 10x20 binoculars.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: So tell me, boss -- where are we
dialog: going today?
text: ON Gregg, panning across his field of vision with the
text: binoculars. He stops.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: There.
scene_heading: POV THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: The highest peak in the range, playing hide and seek with
dialog: the clouds.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Pindi's men see where Gregg is pointing. They murmur,
text: trading grim glances at each other. Pindi jumps with
dialog: nerves.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: There? Uh, boss, that is not such
dialog: a good mountain. The men don't
dialog: like it very much at all. You
dialog: see there is a legend they believe
dialog: in, that a creature lives there...
text: Gregg's back to checking his equipment.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: 'N'Gai Zamu.' The sacred guardian
dialog: of Mount Pangani.
text: Pindi looks at Gregg, surprised he knows this.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: You know it? How funny!
dialog: (with dread)
dialog: That's not, by any chance, what
dialog: you are looking for, is it, boss?
text: Gregg looks from Pindi's nervous face to the serious
text: faces of the trackers. They are all watching him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14A.
speaker_heading: 17A CONTINUED: (2A) 17A
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Looking for a legend? No. Why
dialog: would I do that?
text: Gregg takes the car keys from Pindi's hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 17A CONTINUED: (3) 17A
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Gimme those.
dialog: OFF Pindi -- not particularly thrilled...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 18 EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY 18
text: The caravan trundles up a winding dirt road, into the
text: mist-covered mountains.
speaker_heading: 19 OMITTED 19
scene_heading: 20 EXT. MOUNTAIN - HIGH MEADOW - DAY 20
text: The vehicles are circled in a clearing. Three small
text: audio dishes have been positioned to triangulate the
text: location of the slightest sound. An infrared video cam
text: is mounted on a tripod. A geometric, field-assembled
text: cage made of an impact-resistant, high-tensile steel
text: alloy sits off to the side.
speaker_heading: 21 OMITTED 21
scene_heading: 22 EXT. MEADOW - DAY (LATER) 22
text: Gregg has earphones on, plugged into a backpack with a
text: Sony digital recorder, listening. The sound is ambient
dialog: and mysterious.
text: Pindi stands behind Gregg, watching him carefully.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: What are you listening to?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Sounds.
text: Pindi listens to the jungle. It is full of sounds.
text: Something small makes a RUSTLING SOUND a few yards away.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Like that right there?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Yup.
text: Pindi nods.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: 22
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: I understand completely: jungle
dialog: sounds! Very important. I know a
dialog: guy, he can get you a C.D. of
text: jungle sounds, cheap. Even
dialog: cheaper if you buy ten.
text: Gregg puts his hand up to signal for quiet.
text: He hears something.
text: He listens intently for a moment, then the WHOOSH of a
text: SPRING TRAP BLASTS his ears, followed by shouts and the
text: sound of an ANIMAL SCREECHING. Gregg throws off the
text: headphones, grabs a strange-looking pole called a DNA
text: plug gun, and crashes with Pindi through the woods.
text: Gregg runs INTO FRAME to see several of Pindi's men
text: closing the cage on a lithe, young leopard.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: How do you like that, boss? I
dialog: told you these men were the best.
text: Gregg kneels to inspect the leopard. He finds it
text: beautiful -- his face softens at the sight of it.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (soothing, to leopard)
dialog: You're a beauty.
text: Carefully, he extends the DNA plug gun and pricks the cat,
text: startling it and causing all the men to jump.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (stands)
dialog: Okay, set him free.
text: Gregg and Pindi stand over the leopard. Pindi offers his
text: ersatz smile.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: (testing the water)
dialog: Why ask for a cage if you are not
dialog: keeping the animal?
text: Gregg releases the vial of blood from the DNA gun.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Because I'm only keeping this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (2) 22
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Yes, but I know a guy, in Botswana,
dialog: he'd pay you ten thousand American
dialog: dollars for that leopard. I'd be
dialog: willing to split with you --
dialog: fifty/fifty.
text: Greg ignores Pindi. He's busy transferring the vial to a
text: container. Pindi presses on.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Perhaps you're right. Sixty to
dialog: you, forty to me. That's a very
dialog: fair deal!
text: Still no response from Gregg -- he's logging notes into a
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: My goodness -- you're an
dialog: excellent negotiator. Okay,
dialog: boss! Seventy/thirty it is.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Take him to the truck.
text: The men bend over and hoist the cage up -- but now Gregg
text: blocks their way.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Put the cat down... now.
text: Gregg is one scary-looking bastard. The men drop the
text: cage. Pindi back-pedals.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: ("angry," to his
dialog: men)
dialog: You heard him... put it down!
dialog: (to Gregg)
dialog: They never understand me. I
dialog: don't know what to do...
text: Pindi stops abruptly as his yammering is interrupted by
text: the LEOPARD, GROWLING.
scene_heading: SOUND CUE: A LOW RUMBLE.
text: Floating on the wind like DISTANT THUNDER. It seems to
text: come as an answer to the young leopard's cry. Birds fly
text: out of the trees above the cage. The men are spooked.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (3) 22
speaker_heading: GREGG
text: quickly puts on his headphones and listens to the
text: amplified sound again. HIGH-PITCHED SCREAMS -- then
text: the rhythmic rondo of sharp POK-POK-POK-POK CHESTBEATS.
text: Pindi is on the verge of panic. He forces his trademark
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Uh, excuse me. Time to flee,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: POV - TREES
text: The top branches suddenly shake violently -- sending a
text: sharp WOODEN RATTLE across the meadow. Is that a shadow
text: from a passing cloud that seems to ripple through the
text: foliage? Gregg steps closer. The trees bend like the
text: wake of a boat -- they bend in a straight line.
text: Something powerful and unseen is moving through the
dialog: trees.
text: Pindi and his men retreat back in the meadow. Gregg
text: scans the forest. BRANCHES spring with a LOUD WHOOSH!
text: Gregg can't help it -- his fear takes over and he
text: backsteps into the meadow.
text: WIDEN SHOT UP TO the trees. Catapulting DOWN THROUGH
text: FRAME -- landing right in front of them is a gorilla --
text: nearly 15 feet high. The GROUND TREMBLES from the force.
text: A nearby Land Rover bounces two feet into the air from the
dialog: impact.
text: His canines are fully exposed. Thick, black hair on his
text: crest stand erect. Deep brown eyes aglow as he gives
text: another DEAFENING CALL. This is JOE. Backlit by the sun
text: he seems to encompass the forest.
text: PUSH IN CLOSE ON Gregg's reaction. In complete awe.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Don't anybody move.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: (frightened out
dialog: of his wits)
dialog: How about... I move... just over
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (4) 22
text: Pindi scurries for cover behind the frozen, awe-
text: stricken trackers.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - JOE
text: moves to the cage and peers inside. The LEOPARD paces and
text: HISSES. Joe straightens up bi-pedally and pounds his
text: massive chest with his fist. The hollow POK-POK-POK ECHOES
text: off the mountain.
text: Joe raises his hand again and smashes the top off the
text: cage, as if it were made of matchsticks. The leopard
text: leaps out of the cage and dashes safely into the forest.
text: JOE bares his teeth and ROARS at Gregg, as if to say
dialog: "stay off my mountain." His mission accomplished, Joe
text: quickly turns and starts back for tree cover.
text: Silence. Everyone is open-mouthed, unable to believe
dialog: what they have just seen...
text: Then Greg snaps out of it. Bursting into action, he runs
text: to the humvee, motions to Pindi.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Come on!! We're going after him!
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: What is this 'we'? There is no
dialog: way my men will ever agree to...
text: Gregg yells to the paralyzed trackers:
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (in Swahili)
dialog: Three times your price.
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Triple your fee.
dialog: That's what it's all about. The men get a move on,
text: running for the vehicles as fast as they can.
text: ENGINES REV, DOORS SLAM, as the trackers ready for the
text: chase. All four cars pull out.
speaker_heading: 22A OMITTED 22A
scene_heading: 23 EXT. MEADOW 23
text: All is silent for a moment, then Joe EXPLODES INTO FRAME.
text: Joe hears the DRONE of ENGINES -- turns to see --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV
text: The caravan, looking like the cavalry in a Western, comes
text: charging over the hill.
text: Gregg's humvee comes crashing over a ridge in pursuit of
text: Joe. Gregg yells out to the cars around him:
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Herd him towards me! I gotta get
dialog: close.
text: Gregg grabs his DNA stick and grins at Pindi.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Real close.
text: Pindi realizes with a sickening feeling that Gregg is
text: having a major rush.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The lead car, a Land Rover, comes right up behind Joe.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Joe -- sensing the car next to him, turns and ROARS...
speaker_heading: LAND ROVER
text: The guy with the tranquilizer RIFLE panics and FIRES!
speaker_heading: BACK ON JOE
text: The dart hits his arm. Uh oh. That was a mistake.
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER
text: The tracker has just enough time to get a good look at
text: Joe's furious expression before... WHAM!
text: Joe throws his shoulder into the side of the Land Rover,
text: sending it tumbling end over end into a ravine.
speaker_heading: ON GREGG
text: Disgusted with the guys' stupidity.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21-22.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (2) 23
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Experienced trackers, my ass!
text: Pindi shrugs. The two of them watch as Joe continues
text: running, then changes directions and starts heading
text: straight for them. The humvee has to swerve out of the
text: way to avoid colliding with Joe.
text: FOLLOW JOE as he books across the meadow in the opposite
text: direction, now. The modified Land Rover with the hot
text: seat attached to the hood swerves around and chases Joe.
text: They catch up, and the tracker climbs into the hot seat,
text: readying a metal clamp attached to a chain...
speaker_heading: GREGG
text: tries to yell across at him.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: No, we don't want to...
text: Too late, the guy's slapped the clamp onto Joe's arm.
text: Joe ROARS, tries to shake off the chain, then speeds up.
speaker_heading: THE CHAIN
text: unspools rapidly, whipping out from the front of the
text: modified Land Rover. Quickly, it grows taut and now the
text: Rover is being pulled by Joe. The driver slams on the
text: brakes with both feet, but all that does is tilt the front
text: end upwards, digging up clods of dirt as they're dragged
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: feels the increased pull, and is starting to get annoyed.
text: He heads right for...
speaker_heading: STAND OF TREES
text: The guy in the hot seat is battered by branches and leaves
text: as they're dragged through the trees.
scene_heading: BACK ON HUMVEE
text: Now circling around the stand of trees, trying to catch up
text: with Joe when he emerges from the opposite side.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Hold the wheel!
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Oh, sure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (3) 23
text: Gregg hands the wheel over to Pindi as he reaches for
dialog: his DNA gun...
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: Joe has just emerged from the tree stand, dragging the
text: thoroughly-battered, modified Land Rover and its dazed
text: occupants. Joe sees the humvee heading towards him.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON JOE
text: His brow furrows. Is he coming up with a plan? He makes
dialog: a ninety degree turn...
speaker_heading: BACK ON GREGG
text: Who is intently screwing a telescoping extension on the
text: DNA plug gun. Pindi gapes at what Gregg is doing.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: I hope you are planning on
dialog: throwing that at him, because...
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Pindi! Look out!
text: Pindi looks forward again just in time to see...
speaker_heading: THE CHAIN
text: Pulled taut between Joe and the modified Land Rover, has
text: become a moving clothesline, and the humvee is heading
text: right into its path. Pindi tries to swerve, but they
text: can't avoid it. He ducks and...
text: Gregg leaps out of the car, hurdling the chain, just as...
text: It shears the top right off the vehicle!
text: Gregg tumbles to the ground, as the humvee rolls to a stop
text: nearby. Meanwhile, the --
speaker_heading: LAND ROVER
text: is SPINNING OUT, still connected to Joe. Joe is almost
text: curious about the chain. He begins to pull back as the
text: modified Land Rover circles him. The modified Land Rover
text: bucks -- and for a second there is a standstill. Then Joe
text: yanks...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (4) 23
text: And the chain, the winch, the tracker in the hot seat...
text: in fact, the entire axle of the modified Land Rover, are
text: pulled from their moorings.
text: The tracker racks up against a tree, followed closely by
dialog: his chair and winch...
text: The axle tumbles to a stop...
text: The LAND ROVER COLLAPSES like a stack of cards.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: stands at the edge of the field, observing his victory.
text: Then he beats his chest and ROARS.
speaker_heading: IN MEADOW
text: Pindi and his men run to the one remaining car, the
text: flatbed lorry. They all pile in and speed away across
text: the field. Pindi sees something up ahead, yells at the
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Stop!
text: The LORRY SCREECHES to a halt, right next to Gregg, who is
text: stumbling towards them.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Hurry up, bro! Get in!
text: Pindi watches as Gregg stumbles around to the back of the
text: truck. But instead of getting in, he grabs a silver case
text: and pulls it off.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Excuse me, boss, but please, I
dialog: would like to avoid being killed.
text: Gregg flips opens the case, revealing a video camera. He
text: hoists it up, and barely able to walk, takes one last
text: look at Pindi and the bruised and busted-up trackers.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Get those men down the mountain.
dialog: They need help.
text: Gregg takes off after Joe. Pindi can't believe it.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Crazy Americans!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24A.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (5) 23
text: He slaps the driver on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Get us out of here.
text: They PEEL OUT of there...
speaker_heading: GREGG'S POV
text: Staring down the path of crushed growth that Joe has left
text: in his wake. He takes a deep breath, then exhales. Then
text: he heads off into the jungle.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. PANGANI FOREST - MOVING - DAY 24
text: FOLLOW Gregg DOWN a wide trail of broken limbs leading
text: into the densest part of the mountain. Thorns and
text: stingers scratch Gregg as he fights his way through.
scene_heading: THROUGH VIDEO CAMERA
text: The green paradise of the mountain rushes right AT us.
text: Bright blossoms and strange insects. The sun diffuses
text: in daggers of light.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. PANGANI FOREST - BACK WITH GREGG - DAY
text: Gregg climbs over a fallen tree. Ducks under some low
text: branches. Stops to catch his breath. He listens
text: intently. Takes another step forward. Hears a TWIG
speaker_heading: SNAP.
scene_heading: THROUGH VIDEO CAMERA
text: PAN RIGHT. Joe springs out from hiding -- as gorillas
text: love to do to enemies. He charges Gregg and cuffs him
text: onto his back. Joe is in full attack mode -- eyes wide,
text: teeth exposed. He snatches Gregg by the foot.
speaker_heading: GREGG
text: screams as he's jerked helplessly into the air. Joe
text: shakes Gregg viciously -- then whips him back and forth,
text: knocking him against a sapling. Gregg fights to free
text: himself but he's no match for Joe's strength. He knows
text: Joe is going to hurt him badly -- maybe kill him.
text: Joe cocks his arm -- to crush Gregg against a wide tree
dialog: trunk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: JILL (O.S.)
dialog: Joe! Stop!
text: Joe looks surprised, caught with his hand in the cookie
dialog: jar.
scene_heading: GREGG'S UPSIDE-DOWN POV
text: A beautiful young woman is standing ten feet from him.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Oh, wow.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Joe...
text: ON Jill -- she looks at Gregg like he's the lowest form
dialog: of life on earth.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: ... drop him.
text: And Joe does, dropping Gregg hard to the ground. On his
dialog: head.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: 25 OMITTED 25
scene_heading: 26 INT. VILLAGE INFIRMARY - DAY 26
text: OVER BLACK, we hear the MURMUR of VOICES, speaking in
text: Swahili. PICTURE FADES UP...
speaker_heading: POV SHOT
text: LOOKING UP AT KWELI, 12 years older than we last saw
text: him. Kweli looks right INTO CAMERA, then says something
text: over his shoulder in Swahili.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Bruised and bandaged, Gregg blinks, trying to bring his
text: eyes into focus.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: 26 CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: The infirmary. You've been
dialog: unconscious for an entire
dialog: night. You're lucky to be
dialog: alive.
text: Gregg winces as he slowly raises himself to his elbows.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Strange, I don't feel lucky.
text: He takes in his surroundings; a simple infirmary. THROUGH
text: the open door, he can see the village he started his trip
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: You crashed your vehicle. It
dialog: is waiting for you outside.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: You're an injury behind. The
dialog: kicker was getting dropped on my
text: head by N'gai Zamu.
text: Kweli chuckles.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Think that's funny? You should
dialog: try it?
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: N'Gai Zamu is just a legend, my
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: GREGG
text: No, he's a giant gorilla with a
dialog: mean backhand. There was also
dialog: a woman...
text: Gregg tries to get up. It's an ordeal.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: A woman?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 26 CONTINUED: (2) 26
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Out in the jungle. She saved my
text: life. A beautiful woman.
text: Kweli gives him a patronizing smile.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: You were dreaming, Mr. Ohara.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: No. I never remember my dreams.
text: Gregg sits up in bed and swings his feet to the floor.
text: Kweli turns and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: It would be wise for you to see a
dialog: doctor in Kimjayo. I took the
dialog: liberty of calling one for you.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Don't need one.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: But he is expecting you. If you
dialog: can drive, you should leave today.
text: Kweli walks out of the room. Gregg squints after him,
text: sensing that something is up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27 EXT. INFIRMARY - LATER 27
text: Gregg walks gingerly out of the infirmary, looking like
text: crap. He squints in the bright midday sun, then spots...
text: The humvee, a mere shadow of its former self, parked
text: right near the infirmary, covered with a tarp. Gregg
text: pulls the tarp back to find all his expensive equipment,
text: a good deal of it broken, pitchforked into the back. He
text: scowls.
text: He starts rummaging through the stuff, looking for some-
text: thing in particular. Then he finds it -- his video
text: camera, covered with mud, but seemingly in good condi-
text: tion. He pushes the record button. Light goes on.
dialog: Still works.
text: He pops open the tape slot, and his face falls. The
text: video cassette has been removed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 27 CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Damnit.
text: Just then, a group of village schoolchildren dash by
text: Gregg. They are giggling, as if they had dared each
text: other to run up to the stranger. They sing out the one
dialog: English word they know as they pass:
scene_heading: SCHOOL CHILDREN
dialog: Hello! Hello! Hello!
text: Gregg shakes his head, smiling, and follows them with his
text: eyes as they fly by like a flock of birds. He watches as
text: they dart into the open air market, playfully knocking
dialog: aside a familiar individual:
dialog: Kweli. We watch from...
speaker_heading: GREGG'S POV
text: as Kweli steps into a fruit stall, letting the kids fly
dialog: by him.
text: Then Gregg's eyes widen as a tall and lovely young
text: woman steps INTO VIEW next to Kweli.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: He watches as they shop together, realizing that this is,
text: in fact, the beautiful young woman who saved him.
speaker_heading: 28 OMITTED 28
dialog: &amp; &amp;
speaker_heading: 28A 28A
scene_heading: 29 EXT. OUTDOOR MARKET - THAT MOMENT 29
text: Kweli and Jill have a familial ease with each other as
text: they pick out their groceries.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: Our visitor must be feeling
dialog: better. He should be leaving
dialog: the infirmary today.
text: Jill looks up toward the infirmary and sees Gregg leaning
text: against his truck, watching them.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: Looks like he just has.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
text: Jill nods across the street. Kweli looks and sees that
text: Gregg is leaning against his Jeep, arms folded across
text: his chest, staring at them with a mixture of amusement
dialog: and irritation.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He's walking so soon. Joe should
dialog: have dropped him harder.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: He's not a poacher, Jill. He's
dialog: working for an animal conservancy
dialog: in California.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: He can't be trusted. He's an
dialog: outsider.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: A grateful outsider. He told me
text: he was saved yesterday by a woman.
dialog: (teasing Jill)
text: A beautiful woman.
text: Jill looks at Kweli sharply, then back across the street
text: at Gregg, whose eyes continue to assess her. She looks
text: straight back at him, locking into his gaze.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: And what did you tell him?
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: What could I tell him? He knows
dialog: what he saw. He's not a fool.
text: Jill and Gregg are still holding each other's eyes.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'll be the judge of that.
text: Across the street, Gregg is breaking into a big, slow
text: smile. It unnerves Jill. Kweli, always Jill's
text: protector, catches the action between the two of them and
text: bristles a bit -- but Jill has already turned her back
text: and taken off through the back of the market.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. PANGANI FOREST - DAY 30
dialog: If Ruth Young was suited to these woods, her daughter was
dialog: born to them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29A.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: (A1) 30
text: She hikes through the forest effortlessly, as though it
dialog: were her own back yard.
text: As she walks near the banks of a river, however, she
text: stops. She listens carefully, sensing something out
text: there, in the jungle.
speaker_heading: BEHIND TREE (NEARBY)
text: Gregg, his video camera in one hand, stands stock still
text: behind a tree, trying to avoid being discovered. He is
text: absolutely drenched in sweat, the long hike clearly much
text: harder than Jill has made it look.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
dialog: BACK TO JILL
text: Still listening. All she can hear are the familiar
text: SOUNDS of the JUNGLE. A moment passes, then she shakes
text: it off and keeps moving.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 31 EXT. WATERFALL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 31
text: Jill comes out into a clearing, bordered by a large pool
text: at the base of a magnificent waterfall. She pulls a
text: flashlight out of her back pack and, in the same motion
text: her mother used to summon her, begins waving it back and
text: forth into the surrounding forest.
speaker_heading: GREGG
text: watches this bizarre ritual, wondering what Jill could
dialog: possibly be doing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: JOE'S POV - DEEP IN WOODS
text: The beam of light cuts through the deep green darkness of
dialog: the trees.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Jill continues waving the flashlight, waiting for a
text: response. Then, we hear the sound of SOMETHING LARGE
text: APPROACHING.
speaker_heading: ON GREGG
text: The thunderous sound making him nervous...
speaker_heading: ON JILL
text: Not so Jill. She waits calmly, at first, as the FOOT-
text: STEPS APPROACH. Then, as the branches begin to bend and
text: break, and we get our first glimpse of fur, she smiles.
text: Mighty Joe Young emerges from the brush, not growling,
text: not threatening, but rather looking like a puppy coming
text: to greet his master.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (cooing to Joe)
dialog: Hey, handsome. How are you?
speaker_heading: ON GREGG
text: Absolutely thunderstruck, watching in awe as the giant
text: GORILLA bows his head so Jill can scratch behind his ear.
text: He makes LOW, GUTTURAL SOUNDS that are the gorilla
text: equivalent of a purr.
text: Jill inspects Joe, checking him to see if he's okay. Her
text: voice is full of gentle concern and worry.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What were you thinking yesterday,
dialog: letting those men see you? Don't
dialog: do that again, okay? Please.
dialog: (praying to herself)
dialog: Please.
text: We see the fear in Jill's face, knowing that Joe can't
text: understand what she's saying. She shakes it off and
text: brightens. She gives Joe a playful tussle, then covers
text: her eyes with her hands.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: One. Two. Three. Four...
text: It takes only a moment for Joe to respond. His eyes open
text: wide, he looks in every direction then, suddenly, crashes
dialog: into the woods!
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: ... seven, eight, nine, ten.
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Ready or not, here I come!!
text: And Jill runs into the woods after Joe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 EXT. PANGANI FOREST - DAY 32
text: Jill walks through the forest, searching for Joe. It
dialog: should be clear by now that they are playing hide and
dialog: seek.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31A.
scene_heading: 32 CONTINUED: (A1) 32
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (theatrically)
dialog: Oh, my God! I can't find Joe.
dialog: Where's Joe?
text: She stomps around, pretending not to see him. Of course,
dialog: she knows exactly where he is. He's so big, the tree
text: he's standing behind barely hides one leg.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON JOE
text: He can't help peeking. He loves this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
text: Jill pokes her head around every tree.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Come out, come out... wherever
dialog: you are!
text: Then, pretending that she just spotted him, she charges
text: right at him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I found you!
text: JOE ROARS, delighted by their game. Jill tussles with
text: him, then gets a mischievous look in her eye.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Bye-bye, Joe!
text: Suddenly, she dashes into the woods -- where she's
text: actually small enough to hide well. Joe passes by her,
text: moving through the foliage.
text: In a moment we see how much he fears actually losing her
text: -- he begins to WHIMPER -- and spins around. He stands
text: up to his full height, beats his chest and shakes his
text: head in frustration. He can't bear the idea that she is
dialog: gone.
text: A beat, then Joe starts tearing bushes out by their roots,
text: hunting for Jill. He sees one BUSH RUSTLING, goes over
text: and rips it out of the ground, revealing...
speaker_heading: GREGG
text: Standing there, completely exposed, filming all this
text: with his dented video camera. He looks up at Joe
text: towering over him.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Oh boy.
speaker_heading: JOE ROARS!
text: Gregg stumbles backwards, trapping himself against a tree
text: as Joe advances. Remembering what one should do when
text: faced with an enraged gorilla. Gregg averts his eyes and
text: rolls into a ball, assuming the submissive position. He's
text: like a pill bug, playing dead, protecting the back of his
text: neck with his arms.
text: Joe raises his mighty fist -- it looks like he might
text: smash Gregg anyway... but then he hears Jill's voice.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 32 CONTINUED: (2) 32
speaker_heading: JILL (O.S.)
dialog: (soothing)
dialog: Joe! It's okay.
text: Joe stops and turns his head to Jill.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Now get out of here, Joe. Run.
text: Joe looks at her, not sure why her tone's gotten so stern.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Run, Joe. Run!
text: Joe looks back at Gregg, still curled into a tight ball.
text: He gives him a playful, parting swat for good measure
text: before obeying Jill and running into the forest.
text: The "little swat" is powerful enough to send Gregg rolling
text: like a croquet ball into a thicket of bushes. Painfully,
text: he uncurls, plucking nettles out of his legs as Jill
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (pulling out
dialog: a nettle)
dialog: Nobody better try and tell me I
dialog: imagined this.
text: Jill reaches down to Gregg. He thinks she's offering him
text: a hand up.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Anything broken?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (checking himself)
dialog: No... no. I think I'm... oh.
text: Gregg's voice trails off as Jill reaches for the video
text: camera, not him. She examines the camera.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hmm -- it looks okay. I think
text: it's still working.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Oh -- good.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Well -- I can fix that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 32 CONTINUED: (3) 32
text: Jill smashes the camera into a tree, breaking it for
text: good. She drops the pieces onto the ground and takes off.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: Hey -- wait a minute!
scene_heading: 32A EXT. RIVER BANK 32A
text: Jill is making good time down the rough terrain of the
text: river bank. Gregg catches up to her.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Hang on a second -- what's the
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You. You're the problem. That's
dialog: the second time I've stopped you
dialog: from being ripped in two -- and
dialog: next time I'm just going to watch.
dialog: Understand?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (appeasing)
dialog: You saved me. I'm grateful. Now
dialog: I just want to talk to you -- Miss
dialog: Young.
text: Jill stops in her tracks and shoots Gregg a surprised
text: look. He explains gently.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: I know who you are. I read all
dialog: your mother's work. Books...
dialog: notes... everything I could get a
dialog: hold of.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (hiding emotion)
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: So it's why I'm here.
text: Jill gives a short nod, accepting this tribute. She
text: turns back around and resumes walking. Gregg follows,
text: bursting with questions.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: 32A CONTINUED: 32A
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: She knew about Joe? Did she have
dialog: a theory on him? How old is he?
dialog: I can't believe you kept him a
dialog: secret all these years. How'd you
dialog: manage that?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: By keeping people like you off the
dialog: mountain.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: You got this all wrong. I want to
dialog: help you.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You're not helping anybody here.
dialog: You're just making matters worse.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: This mountain will be crawling with
dialog: people, thanks to you. You go back
dialog: to wherever you're from, put the
dialog: word out...
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: The word is out. It's done. I'm
dialog: not the only one who saw him, remember?
dialog: Rare animals mean big money and Joe's
dialog: as rare as they come. It's going to
dialog: be tough to protect him here. Maybe
dialog: impossible.
text: Jill spins on him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: 'Here' is Joe's home. And 'here'
dialog: is where he must live. He doesn't
dialog: have a choice.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: That's not true. Place that sent
dialog: me could take care of Joe. They
dialog: got the facilities...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Just what Joe needs. A cage.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35A.
speaker_heading: 32A CONTINUED: (2) 32A
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Not a cage, a preserve. A place
dialog: where he'll be free from poachers,
dialog: free from land development...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: But he won't be free.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: How long do you think Joe will
dialog: stay free here? I'm telling you
dialog: there's gonna be a hunt starting
dialog: on this mountain tomorrow. And I
dialog: don't expect they'll give it up
text: until one of them bags the prize.
dialog: You should think about it.
text: Jill hates the ring of truth in Gregg's words. She turns
text: and takes off down the mountain alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 33 OMITTED 33
scene_heading: 34 EXT. RAHA PRESERVE AND CONSERVANCY (BOTSWANA) - SUNSET 34
text: Giraffe roam the grounds of a lush, private preserve,
text: surrounding a large, opulent, main house.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON (O.S.)
dialog: Quite an impressive facility you
dialog: have here, Mr. Strasser.
scene_heading: 35 INT. LODGE - SUNSET 35
text: STRASSER sits in a leather chair, in an expensively-
text: appointed room. His rough exterior has been polished
text: by money, but his cold eyes have not changed. Sitting
text: across from him is ANDERSON, the button-down director of
dialog: the Cascade Park Zoo.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: Tell me, why is it that you keep
dialog: such a low profile about this
dialog: wonderful place?
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Our only interest is the well-
dialog: being of our animals.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: (satisfied)
dialog: Well, I think I've come to the
dialog: right place for Morris.
text: Anderson puts some photos on the coffee table.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PHOTOS
text: of a full-grown Bengal tiger, looking miserable in a
text: fairly small enclosure. We see insignias for the Cascade
text: Park Zoo on the fences around him.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: You can see how depressed he is.
text: He's grown out of his habitat, and
dialog: our zoo doesn't have the budget to
dialog: do anything about it. That's why
dialog: he needs a new home.
text: Strasser reaches out to pick up the photos, and as he
dialog: does...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON STRASSER'S HAND
text: A black leather glove-like apparatus with a thumb and
text: forefinger in place that gives the appearance of a whole,
dialog: if menacing, hand.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Poor thing. Yes, he will be much
dialog: happier here on our preserve.
text: Back to the wild. Free again.
text: A door opens behind Anderson. Garth sticks his head in
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Phone for you. Urgent.
text: Strasser stands.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Will you excuse me, Mr. Anderson?
text: Strasser turns and follows Garth through the door,
dialog: into...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: 35A INT. BACK ROOM (RAHA) - CONTINUOUS ACTION 35A
dialog: ... a room that would give dear Mr. Anderson nightmares.
text: A man in a white smock is packaging poached rhino horns
text: into boxes. The boxes, labelled medical supplies, are
dialog: being sent to addresses in China.
text: On another wall, in front of a bank of telephones, is a
text: dry-erase board covered with animal names, and their
dialog: respective prices.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: See what our friends in China will
dialog: give us for a Bengal tiger, Garth.
text: Strasser hands Garth the photo of the tiger.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Looks like a big fellah.
dialog: (excited, looking
dialog: at photo)
dialog: I'll set a new record with you.
text: Strasser picks up one of the phones. He idly plays with
text: a rhino horn as he talks to Pindi.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Strasser.
speaker_heading: PINDI (O.S.)
dialog: It's about time already! You know
dialog: how long I am waiting? A man can
dialog: only carry so much change...
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: What do you want, Pindi?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35B EXT. VILLAGE - SUNSET 35B
text: A small street of stores -- all covered in brightly-
text: painted advertisements. Outside one store is a lone pay
text: phone -- manned by Pindi. Pindi speaks furtively, so as
text: not to be overheard. INTERCUT conversation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 35B CONTINUED: 35B
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Not what I want, boss, what you
dialog: want. How about a giant gorilla?
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Talk.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Big as three men, two thousand
dialog: pounds, at least.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: You've been drinking, haven't you?
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Swear to God, boss. Saw him with
dialog: my own two eyes.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Don't waste my time again.
speaker_heading: ON PINDI
text: There is a CLICK on the LINE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: 35B CONTINUED: 35B
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: Hello? Boss...
text: Now a DIAL TONE. Pindi looks at the phone.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: I'll catch him and charge you
dialog: double, madar chode.
text: Pindi smashes the phone down on its cradle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36 EXT. VILLAGE - MORNING 36
text: In the center of the village, two trucks of rough-looking
text: men are gassing up their vehicles. A third truck arrives
text: from the other direction.
text: It's a POACHER we recognize, one of Pindi's men,
text: accompanied by a half dozen others, all armed with rifles.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JILL
text: She steps out in front of the Poacher's truck. The
text: driver SLAMS on the BRAKES, stopping within an inch of
text: striking her. Alarmed, the Poacher stands in his seat
text: and screams at Jill.
speaker_heading: POACHER
dialog: Stupid girl! What do you think
dialog: you're doing?
text: Jill calmly walks up to the Poacher's side of the vehicle.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I found this in the forest this
dialog: morning. Thought maybe you
dialog: dropped it and might want it back.
text: With that, Jill brazenly steps forward and throws a net
text: over his head. It's a poacher's net.
text: Enraged, the Poacher slowly pulls the net off his head.
text: The other poachers find the scene hilarious. It
text: infuriates Jill.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Poaching is illegal! Get off this
dialog: mountain!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
text: The Poacher and his driver exchange a significant look.
text: Nodding to each other, they start to climb out of their
text: truck, eyes glaring at Jill...
speaker_heading: KWELI (O.S.)
dialog: Jill! Jill Young!
text: Everyone turns to see Kweli walking quickly towards them.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: (to Jill)
dialog: Come here immediately! You are
dialog: needed at the school this moment!
text: Kweli is trying to give her a way to save face. Jill
text: knows it, but she doesn't want to back down before the
dialog: poachers.
text: Kweli snatches Jill by the elbow and drags her away. The
text: poachers hiss and cat call. Jill walks away slowly. She
text: wants to make sure they know she's not running.
text: Kweli hisses furiously into her ear:
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: We have to talk. Now.
scene_heading: 36A INT. RUTH'S HUT - DAY 36A
text: This is Jill's mother's hut. It is full of significant
text: mementos -- her mother's old bulletin board, photographs,
text: research, etc. It feels homey.
text: Kweli, distraught with worries over Jill, rips a photo of
text: her mother from the wall and shoves it in front of her face.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: Your mother slept in this bed.
dialog: She worked at this desk. She died
dialog: in this jungle. Do you plan to do
dialog: everything just like her?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: My mother would have been proud of
dialog: what I did today.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Proud? Of that foolishness out
dialog: there? Of you risking your life?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: 36A CONTINUED: 36A
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: She risked hers -- why shouldn't I
dialog: risk mine? I'm just doing what I
dialog: promised, and I promised to protect
dialog: Joe. And I'm going to do
dialog: everything I can to stop the
dialog: poachers...
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: You can't stop them.
dialog: (more gently)
dialog: Even she couldn't stop them.
text: Jill holds the photo of her mother tightly in her hands.
speaker_heading: KWELI
text: Jill, the other gorillas have
dialog: moved south, to safer lands...
text: but Joe has stayed behind.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: They don't want him. They won't
dialog: let him come.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: Maybe... or maybe you won't let
dialog: him go.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: He needs me.
text: It's only half the truth, and they both know the other
text: half -- that Jill needs Joe, too. Kweli sighs. He puts
text: his hand protectively on Jill's shoulder.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: The danger here is building for
dialog: both of you. I feel it -- and so
dialog: do you.
text: Jill looks away. She knows he's right.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: I know what the American is
dialog: offering, Jill.
text: Jill looks into Kweli's eyes. He must be very worried,
dialog: to be checking around like this.
speaker_heading: KWELI
dialog: Think about what he has to say.
dialog: That's all I ask.
text: Kweli leaves Jill to mull it over.
dialog: 41A.
speaker_heading: 37 OMITTED 37
scene_heading: 38 EXT. GAS PUMP - DAY 38
text: A poacher's truck, carrying six rowdy poachers, speeds
text: down the main street, kicking up a cloud of dust. The
text: dust cloud envelops Gregg, making him cough as he repacks
text: some of the damaged equipment in his truck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
text: He hears more coughing behind him and turns to find Jill
text: at his shoulder. She has a troubled air about her --
text: clearly she is wrestling with something.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Leaving?
text: Gregg nods, continuing packing.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: I'm gonna head up the mountain.
dialog: See if I can throw some of the
text: poachers off the trail.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (dubious)
dialog: You think it will work?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Not for long. Just trying to buy
dialog: you a little time, that's all.
dialog: With more of these bastards
dialog: arriving every hour, I suggest you
dialog: get Joe as deep into the jungle as
dialog: you can -- as fast as you can.
text: Across the street at the bar, a chorus of CACKLES rises
text: from a group of drunken poachers. The mere sound of them
text: makes Jill dig her fingers into her arms with anxiety.
text: She looks across at the poachers -- and then back to
text: Gregg, packing up. If she doesn't say this right now,
text: this second, she never will. She snaps.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Okay!
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Okay what?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Okay we'll go.
text: Gregg turns and looks at her.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: We?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Me and Joe. To that place of
dialog: yours in California.
dialog: (off Gregg's look)
dialog: What?! You didn't think you could
dialog: take him without me, did you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42A.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (2) 38
text: Gregg stops packing to look squarely at Jill.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: You're sure about this?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No. I am completely unsure about
dialog: this. But I'll do it. On one
dialog: condition.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Name it.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'm in charge of Joe.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Done? Just like that? That was
dialog: way too easy.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: You're not a very trusting soul
dialog: are you, Miss Young?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Tough, isn't it? Trying to measure
dialog: me up -- decide if I'm a fraud...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: ... or a fool.
text: Gregg smiles, half sour, half amused.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Well, I'd like to know if you're
dialog: a bona fide lunatic or just a
dialog: mixed up monkey girl but -- but I
dialog: guess we'll have to take our
dialog: chances and figure it out as we go
dialog: along.
text: Jill snorts. Gregg looks her straight in the eye.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42B.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (3) 38
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Come on, Jill. Trust it. You'll
dialog: be in charge of Joe.
dialog: (extends hand)
dialog: Let's shake on it.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I don't shake. That's not how we
dialog: make pacts around here.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (growing impatient)
dialog: Alright, how do you make pacts
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You have to endure a bite from a
dialog: Makiki spider.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You'll have a high fever and
dialog: hallucinations. You'll say
dialog: things -- lots of things. We'll
dialog: hear what's in your heart. Then,
dialog: if your intentions prove true, the
dialog: pact is made.
text: Gregg nods to himself, considering.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: A spider bite and hallucinations?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Then you'll trust me and let me
dialog: have Joe?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: That's right. Well?
text: Gregg cocks his head.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Well... I think... that's the
dialog: biggest load of crap I've ever
dialog: heard.
text: Jill smiles. She's satisfied. This is the answer she
dialog: was looking for.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42C.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (4) 38
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Good. Maybe you're not a fool
dialog: after all.
text: Gregg scoffs, realizing she was only testing him. Jill
text: turns and starts walking away. Gregg calls after her.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Get your things together. Fast.
dialog: We're getting out of here as soon
dialog: as we can.
text: Gregg watches her go, head held high like a queen. He
text: chuckles to himself. It's hard not to appreciate this
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Makiki spider.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. MOUNTAIN TRAIL - MOVING - DAY 39
text: Jill bursts INTO FRAME -- racing at full stride, long
text: hair flowing -- so reminiscent of that little girl we saw
text: before -- a wild mixture of fluid grace and strength.
text: The trees seem to fly apart behind her revealing Joe --
text: running with her. As if speed alone could make their
text: enemies disappear.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. MEADOW - DAY 40
text: Jill watches the clouds rush by the mountaintop. Joe
text: stands next to her, looking out at the mountain valley
dialog: where they've grown up together.
text: Wind sweeps down from the peak. The trees bow and bend
text: gracefully. To Jill, the mountain has never seemed more
text: beautiful. She looks at Joe -- magnificent against the
text: natural tableau of his world. She looks at him, worry on
text: her face about what is about to happen to him.
text: He looks at her trying to understand.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I don't know what else to do.
text: CRANE UP so we can see Joe and Jill against the Edenic
text: mountain vista.
dialog: 42D.
scene_heading: 40A EXT. WILDLIFE CONSERVANCY - MOUNTAIN TOP - MORNING 40A
text: Backlit against a blue sky. PAN DOWN as the wind RUSTLES
text: the TREES and a flock of small birds appear and disappear
text: like a storm cloud. CONTINUE DOWN PAST a waterfall, as
text: we COME TO a grassy field, then a moat, then, finally, a
text: railing at the edge of an observation area.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 40A CONTINUED: 40A
speaker_heading: NOW REVEAL
dialog: That what we are looking at is not, in fact, the African
text: landscape, but rather a fabricated habitat, encircled
text: by a sprawling campus of stucco buildings.
text: Workers in matching uniforms with the "CALIFORNIA ANIMAL
text: CONSERVANCY" logo on them, run back and forth, a hive of
text: activity in anticipation of the new arrival.
text: PULL IN ON two of them, walking and talking: DR. HARRY
text: RUBEN, the Conservancy's Director and Chief Zoologist,
text: and DR. CECILY BANKS, an African-American veterinarian
text: with long braids stuffed under a baseball cap.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: This is crazy. All I said was,
dialog: 'Bring back some blood samples.'
dialog: So what does he bring back? A
dialog: giant gorilla.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Don't even pretend to be upset,
dialog: Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You know how much it cost to
dialog: convert the tiger habitat? Try
dialog: half our operating budget.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: You'll be on the cover of National
dialog: Geographic, Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey, I just said it was crazy. I
dialog: didn't say it wasn't worth it.
dialog: They continue walking, and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 41 OMITTED 41
dialog: thru thru
dialog: 44 44
scene_heading: 45 EXT. SAN DIEGO FREEWAY RAMP - MORNING 45
text: A busy freeway, near Los Angeles. FIND a car with a
text: California Animal Conservancy logo on the side...
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: 46 INT. CAR - MOVING 46
text: Gregg drives. Jill, almost bouncing with anxiety and
text: excitement, rides shotgun.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: There are more cars on this
dialog: road than I've seen in my
dialog: entire life, total.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Welcome to L.A.
text: Jill whips around in her car seat and peers anxiously
text: through the back window.
speaker_heading: JILL'S POV
text: We see the cab of a large trailer following their car.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Think he's okay back there? I
dialog: think he's okay back there.
text: Three seconds pass.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You think he's okay back there?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (soothing)
dialog: Don't worry. He's doing fine.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Sorry. I'm a little tense.
dialog: (checking behind
dialog: her again)
dialog: Yeah. I think he's okay back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Good. Thanks for the update.
text: Jill pulls herself away from the back window and faces
text: front again. She stares out at the nondescript sprawl of
text: greater L.A. It looks like non-place. There is no
dialog: "there" there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: 46 CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: So this is L.A.
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: It all looks the same. How do you
dialog: know where you are?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Beach is that way, mountains are
dialog: that way, Mexico's that way,
dialog: Canada's that way. Don't worry
dialog: about the rest -- you'll never see
text: it through the smog.
text: Gregg glances over at Jill. She is drumming her fingers
text: in her lap with nerves, not listening to a word he's
dialog: saying.
text: Gregg smiles with empathetic amusement.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Maybe you better check and see if
dialog: Joe's okay back there.
text: Jill obediently whips around in her seat to check for
text: Joe -- then realizes Gregg was teasing. She settles back
text: down, facing front again.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Ha ha.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. SAN DIEGO FREEWAY RAMP - CONTINUOUS ACTION 47
text: A livestock truck, same conservancy labels, travels right
text: behind Gregg and Jill's vehicle. Heavy, open air slats
text: obscure the truck's occupant, but we know who it is.
scene_heading: JOE'S POV - LOOKING OUT
text: Traffic rushes by, a buffeting rush of air -- the
text: strangeness of it all frightens Joe -- and makes him
text: curious. PUSH IN CLOSE ON the air slats as Joe peers out
dialog: again.
scene_heading: POV SHOT - MINIVAN
text: comes INTO FRAME passing by the trailer.
dialog: 45A.
scene_heading: 47A INT. MINIVAN 47A
text: A mom drives her son home from little league. She
text: listens to an OLDIES station. He looks out the window,
text: bored. Then his eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: BOY'S POV
text: PUSH IN CLOSE ON the trailer and Joe's two big eyes
text: staring out. They lock eyes momentarily.
text: The boy isn't sure if he's seeing things. Then two
text: enormous fingers extend out from between the slats and
text: wave at him.
speaker_heading: BOY
text: For the boy it is a beat of pure astonishment. As if a
text: daydream came real for the moment. The trailer pulls
text: past leaving the boy wide-eyed, wondering.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. CALIFORNIA ANIMAL CONSERVANCY - DAY 48
text: Gregg and Jill's car pulls onto the grounds of the
text: California Animal Conservancy. A sprawling campus of
text: stucco buildings and lifelike habitats, the conservancy
text: is a state-of-the-art preserve.
text: The car passes the main gate, where a worker in a
text: conservancy uniform waves Gregg through. As the live-
text: stock truck pulls in behind them, the worker picks up
text: his walkie-talkie.
scene_heading: CONSERVANCY WORKER
dialog: Main gate to Dr. Banks. They're
text: pulling up now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 49 EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - DAY 49
text: Cecily clicks off her walkie-talkie, turns and yells to
text: anyone in earshot.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Elvis is in the building! I
text: repeat, Elvis is in the building...
text: On her order, workers in matching conservancy uniforms
text: start moving into position around Joe's Habitat.
scene_heading: NEAR OBSERVATION AREA
text: A crane is lowering a platform into place that will
text: straddle the moat. Harry scowls, seemingly unable to
dialog: enjoy the moment.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: You hear that, Harry?
text: From around the conservancy, we can hear the sounds of
text: the other ANIMALS, SCREECHING, SNARLING, BELLOWING...
speaker_heading: CECILY
text: They smell him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Gregg, or the gorilla?
dialog: They both turn as...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
scene_heading: CONSERVANCY CAR
text: pulls up right in front of them. Gregg gets out first.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm confused, O'Hara. You phone
dialog: us to say you're bringing back a
dialog: two thousand pound wild animal...
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Hello, Harry. Cecily.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (affectionate)
dialog: Welcome back, baby.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ... but security tells me you've
dialog: requested no firehoses, no
dialog: restraints of any kind...
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Let me introduce you to...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How are we supposed to control
dialog: the animal? With a giant,
dialog: rolled-up...
text: Harry trails off as Jill gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ... newspaper?
dialog: Harry wasn't prepared for somebody this young and
text: beautiful. Neither was Cecily. They raise their eyebrows
dialog: at Gregg.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Jill Young, Dr. Harry Ruben -- he
dialog: run the place -- and Dr. Cecily
text: Banks, who makes sure he doesn't
dialog: screw it up.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Chief veterinarian. Hi.
text: Jill steps forward, shy and polite. She extends her hand.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hello. It's a privilege to meet
dialog: you both.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (2) 49
text: Harry is too flustered by Jill to say a word. He just
text: manages a weird little smile and a sound that's not
dialog: English.
text: Just then, a BANG and a loud GROWL come out of the
text: trailer. Harry and Cecily almost jump out of their skins.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Coming, Joe! Hold on!
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: I think he'd like to come out
dialog: now -- if you don't mind.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (stammering, scared)
dialog: Mind? No, of course I don't mind.
text: Jill and Gregg look at each other, excited. This is the
text: moment they've been waiting for. They grin at each other.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Harry? I think it's time you met
dialog: Joe.
text: They start moving to the trailer...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hold it!
text: Harry whirls around and waves over a pair of nerdy, grad-
text: school-geek conservancy workers, JACK and VERN. They run
text: eagerly forward to take orders. They gawk at Jill, each
text: one instantly deciding she is the woman of their dreams.
text: Harry barks at them, bringing them back to attention.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Jack? Vern? Get the sedatives
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: We won't need any of that.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Miss Young, we know what we're
dialog: doing here, and the best way to...
text: Gregg steps forward.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Harry -- you and I made an
dialog: agreement. The lady's in charge
dialog: of Joe.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. BACK OF TRAILER 50
text: Jack and Vern nervously raise the gate to the back of the
text: trailer. The gate lays flat against a retractable plank
text: that creates a bridge to the habitat.
text: JOE GROWLS SOFTLY from inside.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Easy, big boy.
speaker_heading: VERN
dialog: Don't forget who's gonna feed you.
text: They raise the gate completely. Jill comes up behind
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'll take it from here.
text: Jack and Vern are only too happy to let Jill take over.
scene_heading: JOE'S POV - FROM TRAILER DOOR
text: He can hear Jill but sees only her silhouette at first...
text: and the lush greenery behind her. He GROWLS...
text: The entire staff, other than Gregg, takes one step back-
text: ward. Harry whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You sure she knows what she's
dialog: doing?
text: Gregg's watching Jill with quiet admiration.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: She knows.
scene_heading: BACK BY TRAILER
text: Jill keeps coaxing Joe.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Come on, Joe. Come on, big guy.
speaker_heading: SHADOW
text: passes over the staff of the conservancy. A look of
text: absolute wonderment on every face as Joe emerges from the
text: trailer. Cecily nudges Harry, whose jaw is slack. Gregg
text: sees this reaction, and beams.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: BY TRAILER
text: Joe takes a step forward. He looks out across the plat-
text: form into the sanctuary -- taking in the familiar trees
text: and flowers the staff has planted for him.
scene_heading: ON HARRY AND CECILY
text: Completely overwhelmed by the sight of this massive
text: creature. Cecily manages a few words.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: That is one, big gorilla.
speaker_heading: BACK TO JOE
text: His head turning sideways at the sound of her voice. A
text: tense moment, as Joe glares at the assembled crowd. He
text: is magnificent. Awesome. Staggering.
text: Harry knows a photo-op when he sees one. He whispers
dialog: loudly to Vern:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey! What do I pay you for? Get
dialog: some shots -- of me, too.
text: Vern picks up a camera and scrambles to get into
text: position -- but he's so nervous that he trips, sprawling
text: on the ground and startling Joe. Joe turns and scampers
text: back into the trailer.
text: Vern gets back on his feet, red-faced. Jill glares at
text: Harry. Gregg just chuckles at the stupidity. Harry
dialog: blames Vern.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What -- he did it.
speaker_heading: BY TRAILER
text: Jill walks to the edge of the trailer. She coos into the
text: darkened interior.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Come on, ya big baby. Come on
dialog: back. Do I have to come in there
dialog: and get you myself?
text: She heads into the trailer after him. Harry and Cecily
text: exchange incredulous looks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (2) 50
speaker_heading: INSIDE TRAILER
text: We can hear JOE making PANTING and HOOTING sounds, almost
text: as if he is trying to reason with Jill. Jill coos and
text: makes her own soothing sighs and sounds. Their noises
text: bounce off the metal trailer walls.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE TRAILER
text: Everyone exchanges curious glances. Miss Young is one
text: strange girl. Gregg just smiles.
text: A moment passes -- and then the trailer begins to rock
text: as Jill backs out of it, followed by Joe. She leads him,
text: walking backwards, down the platform, then steps off so
dialog: he can pass.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (soothing)
dialog: That's it. That-a-boy.
text: Joe hesitantly takes a few steps forward on his own.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Go on, Joe. Go on.
text: Everyone holds their breath as Joe completes the crossing.
text: Gregg looks over at Jill. Her eyes are glistening.
text: Joe heads up through the back of the habitat, already
text: investigating his new home. Everyone exhales.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Alright. Take the platform away.
text: Jill is instantly alarmed. She turns to Harry.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hold on -- I'm going in with him.
text: Harry shakes his head and motions for the workers to
dialog: proceed with removing the platform.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No. We can't allow that. We
dialog: don't have insurance to cover
dialog: anyone in there who's not an
dialog: employee.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Harry...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (3) 50
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: But you said -- I'm in charge of
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yes. And I'm in charge of this
dialog: facility.
text: Jill looks over at Gregg, distraught. Gregg shakes his
text: head, disgusted -- he sees exactly where this is going.
scene_heading: 50A INT. HALLWAY OF CONSERVANCY CONDO - DAY 50A
text: Jill and Gregg are at a door that Gregg is unlocking.
text: Jill paces angrily and storms through the door as Gregg
text: opens it. CAMERA FOLLOWS Gregg in. He's carrying her
dialog: bags.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (imitating Harry)
dialog: 'I'm in charge of this facility.'
dialog: Who is that guy? I bet that man
dialog: hasn't spent one night outside in
dialog: his entire life.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Probably not.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You said I was going to be in
dialog: charge of Joe. I should be
dialog: sleeping down there, with him, not
dialog: in this... this...
dialog: (taking in the
dialog: space)
dialog: cage.
text: Gregg is grim and quiet. He thinks what she's saying is
text: true. He sets her bags down, detesting the antiseptic
text: space as much as she does.
text: Feeling claustrophobic, Jill dashes to the window and
text: tries to open it. It's a double-paned window. The top
text: doesn't open at all -- the bottom cranks open three
text: inches, barely letting in air. Jill pushes on the
dialog: window, horrified?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What's wrong with this window?
dialog: (pushing on it)
dialog: That's all it opens? That's all?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: 50A CONTINUED: 50A
speaker_heading: JILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (growing breathless)
dialog: This is wrong. This is all
dialog: wrong...
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Please, fix it, or do something...
text: It only takes a second. Gregg grabs a pillow from the
text: couch and lays it against the top portion of the window.
text: He gives it one swift karate chop, breaking out the glass.
text: He methodically breaks out the remaining shards, dusts off
text: the pillow, and carefully replaces it on the couch.
text: Jill just stares at him, open-mouthed. Gregg looks her
text: straight in the eye.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'll do everything I can for you.
text: They hold each other's eyes.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (small voice)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Gregg walks out.
scene_heading: 50B EXT. CONSERVANCY - NIGHT 50B
text: The conservancy is quiet at night, except for the
text: occasional ANIMAL sound rising into the air.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 50C INT. JILL'S CONDO - NIGHT 50C
text: Jill leans on her elbows, staring out her recently-broken
text: window, a lost look on her face.
speaker_heading: 51 OMITTED 51
scene_heading: 51A EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - THAT MOMENT 51A
text: The CAMERA LEAVES Jill's window and FINDS Joe, sitting in
text: his man-made grassy field, looking equally lost and
text: lonely. He is unsure of what to do with himself, confused
text: by his surroundings.
speaker_heading: PAN TO:
scene_heading: 51B EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - ANOTHER ANGLE - THAT MOMENT 51B
text: The CAMERA FINDS Gregg, leaning against the bar at the
text: edge of the moat. His face is soft as he watches Joe.
text: Joe lists his mammoth head and looks up towards the right
text: corner of his habitat. Gregg follows Joe's eyeline and
text: sees that Joe is looking at a TRANSFORMER. The ELECTRIC
text: BUZZ reaches Gregg's ear... and he becomes aware of it in
text: a new way. He hears its HUM the way Joe hears it --
text: strange, menacing.
text: Gregg shakes his head to himself -- why didn't the
text: designers pay attention to this? He looks back at Joe,
text: almost apologetically, and is startled to find that:
text: Joe is looking back at him.
text: It is the first time these two have had real eye contact,
text: and for Gregg it is almost overwhelming. Man and beast
text: read each other's faces, and it is in this moment that
text: the giant ape becomes more than a phenomenon to Gregg.
text: Gregg finally feels some of what Jill has been feeling.
text: He connects to Joe.
text: And Joe connects to Gregg. It's just a blink of the eye,
text: a turn of the head -- but it's there. And they both feel
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: 51C OMITTED 51C
dialog: thru thru
dialog: 54 54
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 55 EXT. CONSERVANCY - NEXT MORNING 55
text: Cecily runs up to the front of the main building, where
text: Harry is waiting for her.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Where's Gregg?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Beats me. He collected his
dialog: pay check. He's probably in some
text: jungle by now, not using deodorant.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: I think he should be here. This
dialog: is his discovery, after all.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Excuse me, Gregg's expertise is
dialog: pitching tents, not explaining
dialog: primate behavior to the Chairman
dialog: of the Conservancy Board.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Know what I think, Harry?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I have a feeling I'm gonna find
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: I think you're jealous.
speaker_heading: HARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Of Gregg? Don't be ridiculous.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm crippled with envy.
text: In the distance, we see a Cadillac approaching on the
dialog: Conservancy roadway.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Just once I wanted to go into
dialog: the field and find a new species...
dialog: mollusk, anything. Instead, he
dialog: makes the zoological discovery of
dialog: the century.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: And he still has a full head of
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That's not funny.
text: Cecily nods to the road.
speaker_heading: CECILY
text: Heads up.
text: The Cadillac comes to a stop in front of them. A
text: distinguished man in a business suit steps out. This is
text: ELLIOT BAKER, the Chairman of the Board.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Elliot. Good to see you again.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Harry. Dr. Banks.
text: He claps his hands together.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: So? Let's go see him.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Right this way.
scene_heading: 56 INT. CONSERVANCY NEAR JOE'S HABITAT - DAY 56
text: Harry and Cecily walk with a conservative-looking man in
dialog: his fifties, Elliot Baker, the Chairman of the Board of
text: the conservancy. Harry is working for brownie points,
text: excitedly pointing out his "important role" in discovering
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I always had a suspicion that the
dialog: legend coming out of the Pangani
dialog: forest might have some truth to
dialog: it. It was just a hunch -- sort
dialog: of a gut feeling -- but I sent my
text: field zoologist to check it out.
text: Cecily shoots a look at Harry. She's not going to let
text: him grab the glory away from Gregg.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: That field zoologist, Dr. O'Hara,
dialog: had a theory -- and Joe's blood
text: work confirms it. The gorillas in
dialog: the Pangani carry a recessive gene
dialog: that pops up every four or five
dialog: generations with this rare form of
dialog: gigantism.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: (excited)
dialog: And that's where the legend comes
dialog: from! That zoologist of yours --
dialog: what's his name, Harry?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (begrudging)
dialog: Gregg O'Hara.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Pretty damn sharp.
text: This kills Harry. Cecily snickers. They arrive at the
text: fence surrounding Joe's habitat.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Here we are.
text: They walk up to the observation railing. Baker cranes his
text: neck. Joe's nowhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Joe! Here, Joe!
dialog: (apologetic joke
dialog: to Baker)
dialog: I told him the Chairman of the
dialog: Board was coming and he promised
dialog: to come say 'hi.'
text: Cecily gaps and mouths "kiss ass" behind Baker's back.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Well I don't see him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Mmmm. We'll feed him. That'll
dialog: get him to come out.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Uh, Harry...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I know what I'm doing. Let's open
dialog: the gate.
text: Cecily hesitantly pulls out her keys to the security gate.
speaker_heading: 57 OMITTED 57
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 58 58
dialog: 57A.
speaker_heading: 58A OMITTED 58A
scene_heading: 58B INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - DAY 58B
text: Mementos, photos, and fabrics from home are strewn
text: around, already adding Jill's warmth and personality to
dialog: the place.
text: Jill is standing at the window hanging an African piece
text: of fabric as a makeshift curtain when a piercing ALARM
text: RINGS OUT over the compound. Worried by the urgent sound
text: of the alarm, Jill steps down and hurries out the door.
scene_heading: 58C EXT. CONSERVANCY GROUNDS - DAY 58C
text: Jill runs out of the building and almost collides with
text: Gregg, who is rushing in..
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: I was coming to get you.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What is that noise?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Come on!
text: The two of them rush off across the compound. As they
dialog: do, they pass...
scene_heading: 59 JILL'S POV - BUNKER 59
text: A concrete building that's used to lock down wild
text: animals. Jill watches, nervously, as conservancy workers
text: with tranquilizer rifles stream out of the building and
text: jump into vehicles, heading toward Joe's habitat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 60 EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - DAY 60
text: Jill and Gregg drive up to the habitat. As they come
text: close, Gregg finds Cecily.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: It's Joe, he's gone crazy!
text: Jill and Gregg follow Cecily towards...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58-59.
scene_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: JOE'S HABITAT
text: Conservancy workers have entered Joe's habitat and have
dialog: their guns trained on --
speaker_heading: JOE
text: who is standing in a clearing, SNARLING and beating his
text: chest. Which is scaring the crap out of...
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: who, white as a sheet, hides behind a tree, his hands
text: shaking. He doesn't dare move an inch, for fear Joe will
dialog: spot him.
speaker_heading: BY GATE
text: The conservancy workers are raising their tranq rifles,
text: about to fire, when...
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Stop!
text: Jill and Gregg come running up behind them. Jill yells
dialog: to Harry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Harry! Jump out from behind the
dialog: tree!
text: He shakes his head. No way he's gonna jump in front of
dialog: that gorilla.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Jump out and say 'You found me!'
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Do it, Harry!
text: Joe grabs a bush and tears it from the ground...
text: The guards aim their rifles, fingers on triggers...
text: And Harry, having nothing to lose but his life, jumps
text: out from behind the tree...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You found me!
text: There is a tense moment, then...
text: Joe stops growling. In the next instant, he starts
text: spinning in a circle, gleefully. Then he dashes off and
text: hides behind a very tiny tree.
speaker_heading: ON HARRY
text: completely confused. Jill walks up to him.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: He's playing hide and seek.
text: Jill starts rooting around in the trees, pretending not
dialog: to see Joe.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Okay, where are you? Come out,
dialog: big guy! Where'd he go?
dialog: (finding him)
dialog: There you are!
text: He screams with delight, and spins in a circle again.
text: As it dawns on everyone that she's actually right, and
text: that he's really playing, the guards start to lower their
text: guns. Then they start laughing. An embarrassed Harry
text: slinks by Gregg, who can't help but chuckle as he leaves.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: 61 EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - CONTINUOUS ACTION 61
text: An exhausted Harry catches his breath at the gate around
text: the habitat. Baker has a thoughtful look on his face.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Put that girl in charge of the
dialog: gorilla, Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What? Elliot, she's got no
dialog: scientific...
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: That ape is the best fund-raising
dialog: tool this conservancy has ever
dialog: seen. He's happy -- I'm happy.
dialog: Put her on the payroll.
text: Baker turns and walks away.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - CONTINUOUS ACTION 62
text: Gregg and Cecily watch as Jill plays hide and seek with
dialog: Joe.
text: Jill dashes away and runs over to Gregg. She is
text: absolutely glowing, bouncing around with happiness. She
text: grabs both his arms, jumping up and down.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He's playing! Did you see?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I saw.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He likes it here! Isn't it great?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: It's great.
text: Jill surprises Gregg by giving him a hug. Gregg looks over
text: her shoulder and sees that Joe is giving him the evil eye.
text: He's jealous. Gregg stares back, equally challenging.
text: Jill, unaware of the competition, lets go of Gregg and
text: happily runs back to Joe. Gregg and Joe continue to hold
text: each other's eyes. Cecily sighs and shakes her head.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Sorry, babe, but in a pissing
dialog: match the monkey kicks your ass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 62 CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Oh please. I was wondering why
dialog: you hadn't taken off yet.
dialog: Normally, you're out the door soon
text: as the animal's in his habitat.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: You've got an active imagination,
dialog: Cecily.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: I don't think so. I think Mr.
dialog: World Traveller has goo-goo eyes
dialog: for the gorilla girl.
text: Gregg scoffs. But from the look on his face, it's clear
dialog: she's hit a nerve.
scene_heading: 63 INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - DAY 63
text: A KNOCK at Jill's apartment door. She opens it and lights
text: up to see Gregg standing there. Gregg looks past her into
text: the room. She's made some changes; the bed's on the floor
text: and a few large potted ferns crowd the room.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Like what you've done with the
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Too bad it's always so cold --
dialog: somebody broke my window.
text: She smiles at him and motions for him to come in. Gregg
text: steps just inside the door and stops.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: I just came by to tell you that I
dialog: think Joe looks real good out
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I know! This is working out --
dialog: better than I expected.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: ... and that I'm hitting the road.
text: Jill looks at Gregg keenly. He's acting like he's got
dialog: something to tell her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 63 CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Back to Africa.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: For a couple of months.
text: Jill stays light.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No kidding? When do you leave?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Now.
text: Jill just nods.
dialog: Gregg is struggling -- this is more difficult than it's
text: ever been for him. He tries to be nonchalant...
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: It's the job, y'know. Always on
dialog: the road. It's what I like,
dialog: anyway -- can't stand to be caged
dialog: up...
text: They meet eyes. They both know what that means.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: You and Joe will be okay...
text: Jill shrugs, acting like she doesn't care either.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh -- of course.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Yeah. Well...
speaker_heading: JILL GREGG
dialog: (overlapping) (overlapping)
dialog: See you when you get back. I'll call you.
dialog: 63A.
scene_heading: 63A INT. CONSERVANCY CONDO - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION 63A
text: Gregg turns and heads back down the hall. Jill sticks her
text: head out and calls after him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (biting)
dialog: Say hello to Africa for me.
text: She slams the door to her apartment. Gregg freezes for a
text: moment, then continues down the hallway alone.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 64 EXT. OUTSIDE JOE'S HABITAT - DAY 64
text: A CNN reporter delivers a remote.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: ... behind me you see the habitat
dialog: of what experts are calling one
dialog: of the most important zoological
dialog: finds of this century. This is
dialog: the home of what's believed to be
dialog: the world's largest primate -- a
text: two thousand pound gorilla named Joe.
text: We see a shot of Joe, in his habitat, with a conservancy
dialog: worker in the f.g., for scale.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Joe has been at the California
dialog: Animal Conservancy for a little
dialog: more than a month now. He was
dialog: brought here from Africa by Dr.
dialog: Gregory O'Hara. According to
dialog: Dr. O'Hara...
text: PULL BACK FROM the screen to reveal...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RAHA PRESERVE AND CONSERVANCY (BOTSWANA) - EVENING
text: Strasser, in the main room of his preserve, watches the
text: news report, absolutely riveted. He is polishing a
text: leather object that we can't clearly make out. Garth
text: stands behind him.
text: Strasser is on the edge of his seat, watching the screen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63B.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: My God. Pindi was right.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: ... Joe's remarkable size made him
dialog: a natural target for poachers.
dialog: Fortunately the California Animal
dialog: Conservancy's program in...
text: The program continues with more shots of Joe. Strasser is
text: overcome with desire.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (transfixed)
dialog: He's beautiful. The most
dialog: beautiful animal I have ever seen.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: And the most valuable, that's for
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: I want him. He belongs here with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (thinking it over)
dialog: It'll be a bit tricky, won't it?
dialog: They're not gonna want to part
dialog: with...
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Wait! Be quiet!
text: Strasser points to the television...
speaker_heading: ON TV
text: Intercut with shots of Joe are shots of the conservancy
text: staff. Jill is among them, and her look of displeasure
text: with the photographing of Joe makes her stand out from the
text: staff. This shot is replaced with side by side photographs
text: of Jill and her mother, Ruth.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: ... was raised from infancy by
dialog: Jill Young, the daughter of famed
dialog: primatologist Ruth Young. Their
dialog: closeness stems from a tragic
dialog: bond.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: (2) 64
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.CONT'D)
dialog: Both Joe and Jill's mothers were
dialog: killed by poachers, twelve years
dialog: ago, in the Pangani Forest,
text: orphaning them on the same night.
speaker_heading: ON STRASSER
text: Emotion surging through him. He realizes now, all at
text: once, exactly who Joe and Jill are.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Bloody hell. That's the little
dialog: monster that...
text: Garth stops abruptly, glancing at Strasser's hand. He
text: knows better than to mention it directly. Strasser looks
dialog: down...
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - STRASSER'S HAND
text: tanned, manicured, and missing the thumb and forefinger.
dialog: The leather he's been polishing this whole time is his
text: prosthetic hand. He straps it back on.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (softly, to himself)
dialog: I am always amazed how, if you
dialog: wait long enough, the opportunity
text: for justice finally comes.
text: Garth watches his boss, who seems lost in his private
text: dream of revenge. It's a moment before Strasser looks
text: back at him.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Book us two tickets to America.
dialog: We're going to pay a visit to
dialog: this incredible animal.
text: He looks back at the TV, where Jill is on screen.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: I think I know how to convince his
dialog: current owners to part with him.
dialog: And on that foreboding note...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: 65 OMITTED 65
dialog: thru thru
dialog: 67 67
scene_heading: 68 EXT. CONSERVANCY GROUNDS - LATE AFTERNOON 68
text: CLOSE ON the sleepy face of a shaggy yak. PULL BACK TO
text: a small group of V.I.P.s being led on a tour by Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: This fellow is one of only three
text: hundred wild yaks remaining on
dialog: the planet. There are those who
dialog: would ask, why should we care if
dialog: this sub-species of yak survives?
text: We SPOT a man blending in with the group. We recognize
text: Garth. He looks quite respectable in a suit. The antsy
text: V.I.P. next to Garth interrupts Harry.
speaker_heading: V.I.P. #1
dialog: Excuse me. Can we see Joe?
text: The other V.I.P.s echo this wish. Harry refocuses
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (charming)
dialog: You certainly can -- for the mere
dialog: price of a 'Diamond Circle
dialog: Benefactor Ticket' to tomorrow
dialog: night's benefit.
text: The V.I.P.s laugh and groan. Garth takes this moment
text: to slip away, unnoticed. Harry twinkles at the V.I.P.s.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It's all for a good cause.
scene_heading: 68A EXT. CONSERVANCY GROUNDS - ANOTHER AREA - LATER 68A
text: Harry is waving good-bye to the V.I.P.s, who have
dialog: completed their tour.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Good-bye. Good-bye.
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Throw money... throw money...
text: Jill and Cecily drive up in an electric cart. Jill
text: jumps out, wearing a conservancy T-shirt, and from the
dialog: looks of things she's been working hard in the habitat
text: all day. She's a lovely mess, head to toe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 68A CONTINUED: (A1) 68A
text: She runs up to Harry, all energy and smiles.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Harry -- see what's in that cart?
dialog: That's all we have left of the
dialog: lobelia leaves for Joe. Did you
dialog: by any chance place that new
dialog: order I asked for?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (guilty)
dialog: Of course I... actually, perhaps
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: I wouldn't be surprised if you
dialog: forgot, considering you have so
dialog: much on your mind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 68A CONTINUED: 68A
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'll go rush order it for you now.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: Thank you so much.
text: Cecily rolls her eyes. Jill winks at her
text: conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: She's nice. I'm not. If you
dialog: forget to order something I need,
dialog: I'll knock you upside the head.
text: Cecily and Harry walk off grumbling at each other like
text: an old married couple.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I keep telling you -- stop
dialog: talking to me like that.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Please. You love it.
text: Jill smiles to herself. She turns to get back to her
text: other business, and almost walks right into:
text: Gregg. He's been leaning against a wall, and he's
dialog: caught the whole thing.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Lobelia leaves. Should have
dialog: called me in Africa. I would have
dialog: brought 'em back for ya.
text: Jill just stares for a moment, trying to decide how to
text: handle Gregg's sudden reappearnce. His clothes look
dialog: travelled in, and another month in Africa has put a
text: deeper shade of brown on his face. He's got the ragged
text: look of someone who's just gotten off a 16-hour flight.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Nice to see you running the
dialog: place, Jill.
text: Jill nods and starts walking like someone with urgent
text: business to attend to. Gregg falls in beside her.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You're back early. What happened?
dialog: Run out of humvees to crash?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 68A CONTINUED: (2) 68A
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: No -- just wanted to get back.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (frosty)
dialog: Really? And why is that?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Guess I missed Harry.
text: Gregg smiles teasingly at Jill but she's in no mood to
text: melt that easily. He continues.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: They want me to show my face at
dialog: the fundraiser tomorrow night...
dialog: and I guess I got my mind fixed on
dialog: a good meal in a fine restaurant.
dialog: Thought you might like to join me.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (cool)
dialog: No thanks. I still don't want to
dialog: leave Joe.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: 'Still'? Haven't you been out of
dialog: here yet?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (flip)
dialog: What's to see? Beach is that way,
dialog: mountains are that way, Mexico's
dialog: that way, Canada's that way...
text: Gregg reaches out and slows her down. He wants to see
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Come on. Have dinner with me,
dialog: Jill.
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: You won't find a better excuse
dialog: to brush your hair.
text: Gregg reaches out and pulls a piece of straw from Jill's
text: tossled locks. She can't help herself anymore -- and
text: breaks into a slow smile.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'll brush my hair if you take a
dialog: shower.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Deal.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 68B EXT. OUTSIDE JOE'S HABITAT - DAY 68B
text: Garth walks quickly -- but not fast enough to draw
text: attention. He moves along the handrail at the edge of
text: the moat. Takes off his sunglasses and looks for Joe.
speaker_heading: GARTH'S POV - JOE
text: is moving slowly among saplings.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GARTH'S HAND
text: as he reaches in his pocket and pulls out one of the
text: poaching dog collars. Garth looks around -- then gives
text: the metal clappers one loud shake -- quickly drops them
text: back into his pocket.
text: Joe reacts immediately to the JANGLING sound. Imprinted
text: deep in his memory. He rises up quickly and GROWLS
text: furiously -- pounding his chest -- looking around for the
text: danger. It's instinctive and frightening. Joe sees Garth
text: and charges him. Joe's anger takes him into the
text: electrified wire around the habitat. JOE ROARS at the
text: shock and recoils.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You remember, don't you?
speaker_heading: 69 OMITTED 69
scene_heading: 69A EXT. VENICE BEACH - NIGHT 69A
text: It's a beautiful and lively night on Venice Beach.
text: A few people have made bonfires along the water's
text: edge, and the MUSIC of a DISTANT bar band wafts
text: through the air. It's a magic night.
text: Gregg and Jill walk away from a funky food shack,
text: festooned with tiny lights. They share a carton of
dialog: fish and chips.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: So this is what you call a good
dialog: meal in a fine restaurant?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (thinks about it)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Gregg grins at Jill, all boyish charm. She stiffles a
text: smile, struggling to hold on to her pervious indignation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: 69A CONTINUED: 69A
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Don't point that smile at me.
dialog: I'm still mad at you for taking
dialog: off and leaving me here all alone.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (guilty)
dialog: I'm sorry -- I had things I had
dialog: to do...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (doesn't buy it)
dialog: Uh-huh...
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Besides, you weren't all alone.
dialog: You had Joe.
text: Jill nods at the truth of this. She continues, almost
dialog: to herself:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: That's right. Me and Joe. Just
dialog: like always.
text: There is a lonliness about Jill as she says this. Gregg
dialog: senses it.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Growing up with him around --
dialog: what's it been like for you?
dialog: I mean -- most guys are afraid
dialog: of girls' fathers. I can just
dialog: see a guy telling Joe he'll get
dialog: you home by midnight...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Never had anyone to bring home
dialog: anyway. All that stuff -- I
dialog: don't even know what it's like.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: All what 'stuff'?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (defensive/dismissive)
dialog: Whatever you want to call it.
dialog: Being in love.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Well -- it's kinda like getting
text: bit by a makiki spider.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 69A CONTINUED: (2) 69A
text: Jill looks sharply at Gregg. Not so fast.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh yeah? How's that?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (stepping closer
dialog: to Jill)
dialog: You'll get a kind of a fever...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Fever? Really. How high?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Pretty high.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: Interesting. Hallucinations
dialog: with that?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Oh yeah... and you'll, uh -- find
dialog: yourself saying things. Lots of
dialog: things.
text: Gregg is very close to Jill. He wants to kiss her right
text: now. Jill smiles. She knows what he's doing. Maybe
dialog: she'll let Gregg kiss her.
dialog: Just then:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Aaah!
text: She pulls a beeper off her belt and checks the message.
scene_heading: INSERT - BEEPER READOUT
text: A message scrolls across that says, "GET BACK HERE!
dialog: NOW!!!"
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Come on!
text: Jill and Gregg bolt for the car.
speaker_heading: 70 OMITTED 70
dialog: &amp; &amp;
speaker_heading: 70A OMITTED 70A
scene_heading: 71 EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - NIGHT 71
text: JOE is on a major destructive rampage, pulling up trees,
text: ROARING, beating his chest.
speaker_heading: PAN TO:
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. HABITAT - BY GATE - NIGHT 72
text: Gregg, Jill, Cecily and Harry watching Joe's rampage from
text: outside the gate. Jack and Vern run over, covered in mud
dialog: and overly exited.
speaker_heading: VERN
text: He's ripping out saplings like
dialog: bam-bam-bam!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And taking out irrigation pipes.
dialog: One good yank -- on comes the
dialog: flood.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: He just pulled out another acacia
dialog: tree. You know what I paid for
dialog: those?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (to Cecily)
dialog: Do you know what's wrong with him?
text: Cecily shakes her head "no."
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (to Jill)
dialog: Do you?
text: Jill's brow is furrowed with concern.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well could you get in there and
text: calm him down before he pulls out
dialog: the rest of my landscaping?
scene_heading: 72A EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - NIGHT 72A
text: Jill has done her job. Joe is calm but spent, leaning
text: against a tree.
text: Jill sits in his lap, softly singing the same lullaby
dialog: we heard her mother sing to her 12 years ago.
text: She caresses the palm of Joe's giant leathery paw, her
text: tiny white hand almost disappearing in its black folds.
text: Gregg watches, leaning against a tree not ten feet away.
text: It is the most intimate moment between Jill and Joe that
text: he has seen yet. The tableau invokes myth: the beauty
text: in the service of the beast; the man who has come to
dialog: free her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: 72A CONTINUED: 72A
text: Gregg comes forward... slowly... but Joe suddenly lifts
text: his head and GRUNTS at him, a kind of warning bark for
text: Gregg to stay where he is.
text: Jill doesn't even notice. She lays her soft cheek
text: against Joe's giant palm. He cradles her face.
text: She closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 73 INT. CONSERVANCY CONTROL ROOM - CLOSE ON BAKER - NEXT 73
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Looking fairly annoyed.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: Impossible.
text: PULL OUT to find: Baker, facing off with Jill. She looks
text: flushed with emotion as she follows Baker around the room,
text: dogging him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (adamant)
dialog: Please, Mr. Baker -- I wouldn't be
dialog: asking you to postpone the benefit
dialog: unless I thought there was
dialog: something really wrong with Joe.
dialog: And I do.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: From what I heard, you sang him to
dialog: sleep last night like a baby.
dialog: What's really wrong about that?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I swear to you, Joe's still not
dialog: himself -- he's nervous and
dialog: agitated. He shouldn't be exposed
text: to a crowd of strangers right now.
dialog: If you would only delay the party
dialog: a few more...
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: It's too late, Jill.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (adamant)
dialog: No. It's too soon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: 73
text: Baker gives Jill a hard look.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Miss Young, let me give you some
dialog: advice. Stop worrying about Joe,
dialog: and start worrying about what
dialog: you'll wear tomorrow night.
text: With that, Baker gives Jill his back and starts a phone
text: call. Frustrated, Jill turns and walks out of the room.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. CONSERVANCY GROUNDS - CONTINUOUS ACTION 74
text: Jill storms out of Baker's office stewing, head down.
text: She's walking so fast that she collides into a man coming
dialog: the other way.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh! Excuse me.
text: The man rights himself and smiles politely.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: No, excuse me. My fault.
text: It's Strasser. He's tamed his looks and dressed himself
text: in modest attire. With his damaged hand concealed in his
text: pocket and a pleasant smile arranged on his face, he has
text: re-invented himself. He comes across like a friendly
dialog: conservationist.
text: He stares openly at Jill. It flusters her.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (feigning surprise)
dialog: I'm so sorry -- it's just -- you
dialog: must be Jill Young...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Yes...?
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: ("moved")
dialog: And -- you look just like her.
text: The words electrify Jill. She almost gasps.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: I'm Andre Strasser. An old friend
dialog: of your mother's.
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: I knew her when she was only a
dialog: little older than you, and you
dialog: were just a tiny thing. What an
dialog: incredible woman she was.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
text: Jill is overwhelmed. She immediately melts. She reaches
text: her hand out to him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: How wonderful to meet you. What
dialog: are you doing here?
text: Strasser pretends to look uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: I've come to talk with your Mr.
dialog: Baker.
dialog: (pained)
dialog: You see, I am here for Joe. And,
dialog: in a way, for your mother, too.
dialog: (passionate)
dialog: I believe she would agree with
dialog: me -- a magnificent wild animal
dialog: like Joe needs more space -- like
dialog: the Raha Preserve I run in Botswana.
text: Bingo. Jill's face falls. The guilt is working already.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Raha? A preserve?
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: I have twenty thousand acres there
text: where the animals are free to run.
dialog: I would like to offer them to Joe.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Here, it's such a shame... to see
text: Joe living in a man-made habitat
dialog: and being used as an attraction
dialog: to raise money...
text: Strasser shakes his head at the inhumanity of it all.
text: His clever words work on Jill like a charm -- she looks
text: absolutely crestfallen. He pretends to comfort her.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Oh -- I've upset you! Please... I
dialog: only mean to offer an alternative.
dialog: I will be attending the event
dialog: tomorrow night. Maybe we can talk
dialog: more about this matter then.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'll look forward to it.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Good-bye.
text: Strasser walks off, leaving Jill deep in thought. He
text: smiles to himself, certain he's landed a direct hit.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - NIGHT 75
text: A tent has been set up outside Joe's habitat, the long
text: end flush up against the railing that surrounds the moat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 INT. TENT - NIGHT 76
text: A small, elegant and tasteful party. A collection of
text: fifty VIPs, all dressed to the nines, mingle with the
text: conservancy staff. Tables have been arranged in a
text: wide semi-circle around a podium, which is on the moat
text: edge of the tent.
speaker_heading: BY BAR
text: Gregg, wearing a tuxedo, walks up to Cecily and Harry,
text: also in black tie. Harry is stuffing his face.
text: Cecily looks admiringly at Gregg.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Don't you clean up nice.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Cecily -- you're ravishing.
dialog: Harry -- you got shrimp on your
dialog: shirt.
text: Harry looks down at his shirt smeared with cocktail sauce.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (dismayed)
dialog: Of course. I look ridiculous.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: No. You look fine.
dialog: (pointing at
dialog: Jack and Vern)
dialog: They look ridiculous.
text: Jack and Vern are off the dweeb-scale in their ill-fitting
text: tuxes. They crowd the food table, gobbling down
dialog: appetizers.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hel-lo. Look what we have here.
text: Gregg and Cecily turn to see what Harry's looking at.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: BY ENTRANCE
text: Jill has just stepped into the tent, looking absolutely
text: stunning. All heads turn too look at her. Intimidated,
text: she falters at the door, too afraid to enter.
speaker_heading: BACK ON STAFF
text: Like everyone else in the room, Cecily and Harry admire
text: Jill. Gregg is rendered speechless by her beauty.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (proud)
dialog: I picked out the dress. Aren't I
dialog: smart?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Brilliant.
text: Gregg picks up a glass of champagne for Jill and starts
text: crossing the room to her.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Shut your mouth, Harry -- you're
text: catching flies.
speaker_heading: ON JILL
text: Feeling terribly insecure, Jill gratefully watches Gregg
text: cross the room towards her. They can't take their eyes
text: off each other. When he reaches her side, she grabs on
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (self-conscious)
dialog: Tell me the truth -- do I look
dialog: stupid in this? Everyone is
text: staring at me.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: They're not staring at you.
dialog: (looks around)
text: They're staring at that... uh...
dialog: banana tower.
text: Jill turns and sees a ridiculous-looking decorative
text: mountain of bananas sitting on a table top just behind
text: her. It's the creation of an over-zealous caterer.
text: Jill blushes, realizing Gregg's joking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: 76 CONTINUED: (2) 76
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Very funny.
speaker_heading: ACROSS ROOM
text: Strasser and Garth observe the crowd.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Quite a turnout they have here.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: All the better.
speaker_heading: BAKER (O.S.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, can I
dialog: have your attention, please?
text: Strasser puts his drink down, taps Garth.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Let's go.
text: The two of them head for the exit.
scene_heading: AT PODIUM - WITH BAKER
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: When was the last time you laid
dialog: eyes on something so unique, so
dialog: spectacular, that it literally
dialog: took your breath away? Well,
dialog: prepare yourselves, for tonight
dialog: you will have such an experience.
scene_heading: WITH STRASSER AND GARTH
text: Heading for the exit, they hear Baker's words and exchange
dialog: a knowing glance -- if they have their way, tonight will
text: be more of an "experience" than Baker is bargaining for.
text: Garth slips his hand into his jacket, checking for the
dialog: dog collar...
text: Just as Jack and Vern start coming the other way. Jack's
text: already had one glass too many, and he's reckless on his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to Vern)
dialog: There's nothing in this punch,
dialog: man. I could drink twelve of
dialog: these and not feel a thing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 76 CONTINUED: (3) 76
text: Smack! Jack collides with Garth, causing Garth to drop
text: the dog collar. Vern stoops to retrieve it, (picking it
text: up by a rusty key that is one of the clanking objects on
dialog: the collar).
speaker_heading: VERN
dialog: Sorry! Here's your... uh... key
dialog: chain.
text: Garth grabs it back. Strasser nods coolly to Vern and
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Thank you.
text: Vern and Jack stumble on, none the wiser.
text: Strasser and Garth slip out.
scene_heading: 77 EXT. JOE'S HABITAT - CONTINUOUS ACTION 77
text: Joe is feeding on bamboo in the center of his habitat
text: when something abruptly catches his ear. A slight
text: JANGLING sound, the TIMPANI of WIND CHIMES, floating
text: through the air. It GROWS LOUDER.
text: Joe stands up. The hair on his neck bristles. He moves
text: towards the source of the sound, at the edge of the moat.
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV
text: Garth stands at the railing surrounding the moat,
text: rattling the dog collars. It's a sound that haunts him,
text: from the darkest depths of his memory. He starts to GROWL
text: and then he sees something that really drives him nuts.
text: Strasser steps into the light, joining Garth by the
text: water's edge. He rattles the dog collar, and now...
scene_heading: ZOOM IN ON JOE
text: His eyes, locking with Strasser's. His pupils narrow,
text: his nostrils flare, and Joe FREAKS OUT!
text: He starts tearing up the ground, beating his chest, then
text: he ROARS and charges straight for them, stopping at the
text: water's edge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: ON STRASSER
text: locking eyes with Joe. This is the first time he has seen
text: Joe since the animal bit his hand off twelve years ago. A
text: smile creeps across his face.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: So you haven't forgotten me. Good.
dialog: (holding up his
dialog: dead hand)
dialog: Have you forgotten this?
text: Garth is still rattling the dog collar, enjoying Joe's
text: display of rage.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What do you think the big guy is
dialog: worth? A couple million?
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: I will get that for the paws alone.
dialog: After we sell him off piece by
dialog: piece, who knows how much we'll
dialog: make?
text: Garth shakes the dog collar more furiously, making Joe
text: rush at them again.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Got you going now! That should
text: rattle the jewelry off the ladies.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (indicating dog
dialog: collar)
dialog: Hang it there -- where he can see
dialog: it.
dialog: (warning)
dialog: And come back for it -- after.
text: Garth hangs the dog collar on the fence. Joe can hear it
text: clank in the breeze -- he is in a truly frightening state.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Come, we've done our job here.
text: As Strasser and Garth leave, Joe looks after them, beside
text: himself with fury. Outraged, he turns this way and that
text: way, finally focusing on a tall tree in his habitat.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: 78 INT. TENT - NIGHT 78
text: At the podium, Baker is making his presentation to the
dialog: tony crowd.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: ... and now to introduce our
dialog: remarkable new acquisition, I would
dialog: like to bring up to the podium the
dialog: director of the conservancy...
text: A sudden ROAR coming from behind the curtain drowns out
text: Baker's voice. The audience members jump in their seats,
text: frightened. Baker is rattled, too, then regains his
dialog: composure.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Well! I suppose there's no need
dialog: to add to that introduction.
text: The audience laughs and relaxes.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Here's Dr. Harry Ruben.
text: Baker motions to Harry, who freezes with a sudden bout of
text: stage fright. Cecily gives him a discreet push on the
text: back and he stumbles forward.
text: JOE can still be heard GROWLING and beating his chest in
text: the background. Jill and Gregg look at each other with
text: mounting anxiety.
text: Harry reaches the mic.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: In the time it took you to
dialog: drive here tonight, three species
dialog: have disappeared from the Earth.
dialog: Extinct. Never to return. We
dialog: here at the conservancy say this
dialog: is a tragedy...
text: Another O.S. ROAR from JOE. It is spine-tingling. Harry
text: almost jumps out of his loafers.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (nervous joke)
text: Obviously Joe agrees.
text: Everybody laughs. The audience doesn't know enough to
text: be really afraid -- they're just excited and twittering.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
text: Jill is feeling increasingly nervous. She glances around
text: the room and meets eyes with Strasser. He nods at her,
text: his eyes indicating that he is "worried" for Joe as well.
text: Jill nods back.
text: We continue to hear uncanny SOUNDS from behind the curtain.
text: It's all Harry can do to stick to his speech. He keeps
text: glancing nervously over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: But tonight, rather than focusing
dialog: on what we've lost, I'm going to
dialog: introduce you to something we've
dialog: found.
text: There is a tremendous CRACKING sound from behind the
text: curtain. The audience murmurs. Harry sweats. Jill
text: grabs Gregg's hand tightly.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the
speaker_heading: California Animal Conservancy
dialog: proudly introduces our newest
dialog: member, Mighty Joe...
text: CRASH! Before Harry can say "Young," a TREE comes
text: CRASHING through the curtain.
text: Gregg leaps forward, knocking Harry out of the way just
text: as the tree crushes the podium into kindling.
text: Joe comes blasting through the hole in the curtain. He
dialog: has joined the party.
text: Joe stands on the stage, his chest heaving. There is
text: total silence. The party guests are frozen with fear,
text: literally speechless. A few of them laugh nervously,
text: wondering if this is really just part of the show.
text: But Jill knows better. She and Gregg exchange glances
dialog: -- what the hell is going on?
text: Jill rises, trying to stay calm herself, and slowly
text: approaches Joe, speaking in a soothing voice. She
text: wants to get his attention.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (soothing)
dialog: Hey, Joe. I'm right here. You hear
dialog: me? Good boy. Take it easy, Joe. We
dialog: don't want to scare anybody, do we?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 78 CONTINUED: (2) 78
text: Jill is within arm's reach of Joe -- it looks like he
dialog: might turn his head to her, calm down, become docile...
text: But that's when he spots Strasser. Joe's face registers
text: towering rage as Strasser stares back, provoking Joe
dialog: further.
text: Joe takes off, knocking over a table that bangs into Jill
text: and sends her flying backwards into a wall. She hits the
text: wall and sinks down, stunned.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: heads through the people towards Strasser. The party
text: erupts with screams.
text: Joe makes his way towards Strasser, swatting people out
dialog: of the way.
speaker_heading: ON STRASSER
text: Frozen, in horror, as Joe plows through the party, heading
text: straight for him. Tables are broken like match sticks,
scene_heading: GLASS SHATTERS.
text: Joe catches up to Strasser, grabs his tuxedo jacket and
text: hoists him into the air.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MAN
text: It's not Strasser. Frustrated, Joe flings him aside. The
text: man flies through the air, slamming into the tent wall,
text: and then falling on the catering table.
scene_heading: ON GREGG AND JILL
text: As they watch Joe's rampage in horror.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: My God. What's wrong with him?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: We've got to bring him down. I'm
text: going for the tranq guns.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No -- let me stop him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 78 CONTINUED: (3) 78
text: But Gregg's already taken off.
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
text: Mighty Joe is still looking for Strasser, as he heads
text: back across the room.
text: A glamorous couple, (TERRY and RAY), crawls frantically
text: on all fours, trying to stay ahead of Joe.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Faster! Faster!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm trying!
speaker_heading: JILL
text: is pushing against the tide of people to get to Joe.
text: Somebody shoves against her hard: it's Baker, in a
dialog: panic to get away.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: continues to make his way towards Strasser. As he rushes
dialog: towards him...
text: A security guard runs into the tent, raising his TRANQ gun
dialog: and FIRES...
text: The dart misses, hitting a fleeing guest, who, we see as
text: he crumples to the ground, is actually Baker.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
text: is fleeing for the exit.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: chases him through the tent. A guest falls in Joe's path
text: and Joe heedlessly steps on his leg, crushing it. The man
text: screams in agony.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84A.
scene_heading: 78 CONTINUED: (4) 78
speaker_heading: JILL
text: is scrambling over broken tables and chairs to get to Joe,
text: when he turns sharply away from her.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Strasser is trapped behind a table. JOE throws the
text: table out of his way, ROARS and is about to crush a
text: cowering Strasser into poacher mulch, when...
text: SFX: the EXPLOSION of a RIFLE. Joe looks surprised at
dialog: first.
text: Joe drops to all fours, revealing Gregg holding a tranq
text: gun. Other Animal Control Officers are with him, also
text: holding tranq rifles.
text: Gregg lowers his gun, a pained expression on his face.
text: But one tranq dart is not enough to stop Mighty Joe. He
text: rises again, ready to smash Strasser...
text: And a HAIL of TRANQ DARTS sail through the air as the
text: conservancy workers pepper Joe with SHOTS.
text: Joe swipes several darts from his flank -- but the
text: accumulation is too much even for him. He stumbles
text: backward and falls.
text: Jill screams. Gregg looks sick at the sight of Joe
dialog: falling.
text: Joe hits the ground hard. His eyes close.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: 79 OMITTED 79
dialog: &amp; &amp;
speaker_heading: 80 80
scene_heading: A81 EXT. CONSERVANCY - DAY A81
text: A grim-faced FEMALE REPORTER faces the camera. The tent
text: is sprawled on the ground in the b.g. As she starts to
text: speak we PAN PAST a line of other TV news reporters
text: delivering essentially the same report TO CAMERA.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84B.
speaker_heading: A81 CONTINUED: (A1) A81
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR #1
dialog: Officials here are saying they don't
dialog: know what caused the animal's rampage,
dialog: which injured over a dozen people, eight
dialog: of which are currently hospitalized.
dialog: Three of those have already filed law
dialog: suits, and word has it that the City
dialog: Attorney is calling for the animal to
dialog: be put to sleep. Standing with me is
dialog: the chairman of the Conservancy board,
dialog: Elliot Baker.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: A81 CONTINUED: A81
text: She turns to her left and INTO FRAME we see Mr. Baker,
text: steeling himself for the consequences of last night.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR #1
dialog: Mr. Baker, what is the Conservancy
dialog: doing to assure the public Joe
dialog: won't attack again?
speaker_heading: BAKER
text: Joe has been transferred to a
dialog: special steel reinforced concrete
dialog: bunker.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR #1
dialog: And what about after you let him
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: That won't be happening anytime
dialog: soon. In the meantime, we will do
dialog: anything necessary to ensure the
dialog: safety of the public.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. BUNKER - DAY 81
text: A animal control officer has been posted outside the
text: bunker, the conservancy's lockdown building for animals
text: that get out of control. He stands next to his squad car,
text: a rifle at his side.
scene_heading: 82 INT. BUNKER - DAY 82
text: A holding room. A cage criss-crossed by six-inch steel
dialog: bars.
text: Joe stares out through one narrow window. He sees a
text: bar-striped slice of blue sky. He reaches up one hand
text: towards the window -- he can't even fit it through the
text: bars. He still looks drugged and despondent. Hunched
text: over. His head almost scrapes the ceiling. His breathing
text: raspy.
text: On the other side of the bars, Jill and Gregg hover like
text: distraught parents. Jill pets Joe's fur through the
dialog: bars.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Joe... look at me. Over here, big
dialog: guy.
text: Joe barely reacts. Jill is near tears.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (to Gregg)
dialog: I knew something was wrong with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: What do you think happened out
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: Joe never would have hurt all
dialog: those people unprovoked...
text: something must have got to him.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Something. Or someone.
text: Jill looks at Gregg, considering this for the first time.
speaker_heading: HARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Jill?
text: They turn to see Harry, poking his head in the room. He
text: still looks freaked out from the events of the night.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Can I talk to you for a second?
text: Jill nods. She takes one last look at Joe, then walks
text: out of the room, leaving...
text: Gregg, alone with Joe for the first time since Joe held
text: him upside down in the jungle.
text: Gregg leans against the cage next to Joe. They have never
dialog: been in such close proximity before. The expressive-ness
text: in Joe's eyes is uncanny -- Gregg feels almost as if he
dialog: could understand what he's saying.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (deeply sorry)
dialog: Well this wasn't in the brochure,
dialog: was it?
text: Gregg looks around at the claustrophobic space.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: I promised you wouldn't be put in
dialog: a cage. I'm sorry, Joe. I helped
dialog: put you here. And now I'm going
dialog: to do everything I can to get you
dialog: out.
text: Gregg reaches out for Joe's paw and lays his hand in it.
text: Joe gently curls his fingers around Gregg's hand.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. OBSERVATION AREA - BUNKER - CONTINUOUS ACTION 83
text: Jill and Harry are in the observation area, a glassed-off
text: room that looks into the holding cell. Harry is still
text: extremely rattled from the fiasco of the night before.
text: He's trying to act tough but he's torn up inside, not sure
text: who he's worried about more -- Joe or himself.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: The City Attorney talked to Baker.
dialog: It wasn't my decision, and
dialog: there's nothing I can do about it.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: Joe stays in there until they
dialog: decide what to do with him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (freaking out)
dialog: In there? Harry, look at him.
dialog: He's depressed, he won't eat. If
dialog: he stays in there, he'll die within
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: So sue me. Everybody else is.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Listen, Harry, either you tell them
dialog: you're getting Joe out of there or
dialog: I will!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Don't you get it? This is way
dialog: beyond you, and me. Joe freaked
dialog: out on some very influential
dialog: people. He's a public relations
dialog: nightmare. No zoo will take a
dialog: two-thousand-pound killer gorilla...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: He's not a killer!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ... and unless you can write a
dialog: check for millions of dollars to
dialog: buy him a big back yard somewhere,
dialog: Joe's got nowhere to go.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: That's it? You're not going to do
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: 83
text: Harry looks at Jill's angry face -- he knows he's just
text: lost her respect and it bugs him more than he'd like to
dialog: admit. But there's nothing more he can say.
text: He leaves the room, brushing shoulders with Gregg,
text: entering. Judging from the expression on Gregg's face,
dialog: he's overheard the whole thing.
text: Jill and Gregg look at each other with determination in
text: their eyes. There's no question in either of their minds
dialog: about what needs to be done next.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I need your help.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: You got it.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. BUNKER - NIGHT 84
text: An ANIMAL CONTROL OFFICER stands guard outside the bunker.
text: Gregg, Cecily, and Jill walk casually towards the Officer.
text: The Officer straightens up and looks tough. He comes
text: forward halfway to meet them.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: A.C. OFFICER
dialog: 'Evening.
text: Our three just breeze on by the Officer into the bunker.
speaker_heading: A.C. OFFICER
dialog: Hey, wait a minute!
text: Gregg hangs back with the A.C. Officer as Cecily and Jill
text: disappear inside. To buy time for Cecily and Jill, Gregg
text: pretends to take the big lug into his confidences.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (confidential)
dialog: We're conservancy doctors. Do me
dialog: a favor -- stay here and guard
text: the door.
text: The guard nods and looks confused. Gregg disappears
dialog: inside.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: 85 INT. BUNKER - AT CAGE 85
text: Cecily takes a key from her pocket and opens the door to
text: Joe's cage.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Come on, Joe. We're leaving.
dialog: Let's get you out of here.
text: The open door has a stronger effect on Joe than the
text: sedatives in his system. He clambers to his feet and
text: follows Jill out of the cage.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: A.C. OFFICER (O.S.)
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
text: They turn to see the Officer has a rifle aimed at Joe.
text: He's terrified. JOE GROWLS ominously.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: I'm Dr. Banks, the head vet. And
dialog: I'm taking Joe for a CAT Scan.
speaker_heading: A.C. OFFICER
dialog: I take my orders from Mr. Baker.
dialog: Put him back in the cage. Now.
text: The Officer trains his gun on Joe. Joe looks at the
text: Officer menacingly and bares his huge fangs.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (friendly voice)
dialog: Officer, you don't want to point
dialog: that gun at him, believe me.
text: The Officer suddenly grabs his neck, which now has a
text: tranquilizer dart sticking out of it.
text: Jill lowers a tranq gun.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (simply)
dialog: He didn't believe you.
text: The Officer slumps to the ground.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. BUNKER - CONTINUOUS ACTION 86
text: Cecily steps out of the bunker and blinks a flashlight
text: into the dark.
text: The red taillights of a trailer suddenly appear as a huge
text: tractor trailer backs up towards the bunker.
text: Cecily calls out towards the bunker:
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Bring him out.
text: Now Jill and Gregg lead Joe outside as Cecily opens the
text: doors to the trailer. Joe climbs inside.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. TRAILER 87
text: Now someone steps out of the passenger side of the cab.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
text: It's Strasser. Avoiding the back of the trailer (where
text: he would encounter Joe), Strasser stays where he is and
text: calls out to Jill in hushed tones.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Jill, I got the plane. It's
dialog: waiting at the airport. We must
dialog: hurry.
text: Strasser holds his hand up in salute to Gregg and Cecily --
text: that's about as close as he wants to get to them. Using
text: urgency as an excuse, he jumps back into the trailer
text: before anyone can engage him in further conversation.
text: It's time to say good-bye. Cecily looks into the back of
dialog: the trailer.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: I'm going to miss your ugly face.
dialog: Be good, Joe.
speaker_heading: HARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah. Don't start a fight with
dialog: anyone bigger than you.
text: Harry steps out of the shadows. Everyone turns and looks
text: at him. He feels their eyes on him and shuffles a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You'd better leave out of the
dialog: west gate. The guard there got
text: called away. Urgent business.
text: Jill puts her arms around Harry. He's antsy and
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You're not such a big coward after
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (as she keeps
dialog: hugging)
dialog: Okay, okay, let go.
text: Harry disengages from Jill and disappears back where he
dialog: came from.
text: Now Cecily turns to Jill. She hugs her with great emotion.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Write me when Joe gets settled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91A.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: (2) 87
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I promise.
text: Cecily moves off, leaving Gregg and Jill alone to say
text: good-bye. They look into each other's eyes, hating to
dialog: part, everything they have to say to each other still
text: unsaid.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (yearning)
dialog: You coming to the airport, or...?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (strained)
dialog: I think I better stay here and keep
dialog: people away from that bunker. Give
dialog: you a head start before they
text: realize he's gone.
text: Jill is crumbling. For her, it's awful to leave him, but
text: he's not acting heart-broken at all. Confused, she tries
text: desperately to stay light. She chatters like a nervous
dialog: schoolgirl.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: Well -- if you're ever in Botswana,
dialog: come by and take me out to a good
dialog: meal in a fine restaurant. That
dialog: is, if you're not afraid to tell
dialog: Joe that you'll get me home by...
text: She doesn't get the rest of her sentence out because Gregg
text: is kissing her mouth. It's the kiss he's been wanting to
dialog: give her since the day he first laid eyes on her.
text: He lets go of her again, leaving her breathlessly looking
text: after him. He walks to the back of the trailer.
text: Gregg and Joe make serious eyes contact.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (pointedly, to Joe)
dialog: Take care of her for me, will ya?
text: Gregg shuts the trailer door and walks off, not daring to
text: look back. Jill is about to call after him when Strasser
text: steps back out of the passenger's side of the trailer.
text: He whispers urgently:
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Jill! We must go!
text: Jill runs to the passenger side of the trailer.
dialog: 91B.
scene_heading: 87A INT. TRAILER CAB - THAT MOMENT 87A
text: Hopping into the trailer, Jill comes face to face with
text: Garth, who is sitting behind the steering wheel. He
text: nods to her, all business.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Hello.
text: Strasser gets in on the other side of Jill, closing the
text: door behind him. She's sandwiched.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. TRAILER - THAT MOMENT 88
text: Gregg stops and turns around for one last look at the
text: trailer as it drives off.
text: Cecily exhales -- this love stuff is too hot to handle
text: -- and follows Gregg.
scene_heading: 88A EXT./INT. TRUCK/STREET - NIGHT 88A
text: Jill sits nervously between Strasser and Garth as the
text: trailer leaves the gate of the conservancy.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Don't worry, Jill. Soon Joe will
dialog: be back home again.
text: Jill looks straight ahead.
scene_heading: 88B EXT. CONSERVANCY GROUNDS - NIGHT 88B
text: Gregg and Cecily walk back through the conservancy.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (wry)
dialog: How many minutes do you give it
dialog: before the whole world knows he's
dialog: missing?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Five. How many minutes do you give
dialog: it before we're both lookin' through
dialog: the want ads?
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: Six.
text: They smile warmly at each other, respecting the sacrifice
dialog: they've both just made.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91C.
speaker_heading: 88B CONTINUED: 88B
text: Just then, Vern and Jack drive up in a Blazer. They stop
text: next to Gregg and Cecily.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: What're you guys doing here
dialog: so late?
text: Jack and Vern hop out of the car. Vern is carrying a
text: cardboard box.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Baker wants the tent cleaned
dialog: up A.S.A.P.
text: Vern holds out the box.
speaker_heading: VERN
dialog: Check out the loot we plundered
dialog: in the wake of mass party panic!
dialog: This is some weird lost and
dialog: found, man.
text: Vern pulls a single high-heeled shoe out of the box and
text: hands it to Cecily.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, and we've got the fun job
dialog: of getting this stuff back to
dialog: everybody.
dialog: (pulls out a
dialog: toupee)
dialog: Somebody's head is cold!
text: Digging in the box again, Vern innocently pulls out the
text: poacher's dog collar. It means nothing to him, but
text: Gregg instantly grabs for it.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Where did you find this?
speaker_heading: VERN
dialog: Oh -- that was by the habitat.
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: Guess we've got to find those
text: two guys again.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: What two guys?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 91D.
speaker_heading: 88B CONTINUED: (2) 88B
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That, uh...
dialog: (to Vern)
dialog: What do you think that one guy
dialog: is? Russian? Lithuanian?
text: It takes less than a second. Gregg springs into action,
text: grabbing the keys to the Blazer out of Jack's hand. He
text: sprints to the car. Jack and Vern watch him go.
speaker_heading: CECILY
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Be careful!
text: They watch him go.
scene_heading: 89 INT. CAB OF CONSERVANCY TRUCK - NIGHT 89
text: Jill glances nervously back as they drive down surface
text: streets. She looks over at Strasser. In the passing
text: light of the street lamps, he is regaining his sinister
dialog: sheen.
text: Garth is driving the trailer very fast. They hit a
text: bump, making them lurch in their seat. Jill hears JOE
text: go THUD in the trailer.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Please! Be careful...
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Always worrying, eh? Your mother
dialog: was a worrier, too. Always
dialog: worrying about the gorillas. It
dialog: made her a lot of enemies. It led
dialog: to tragedy.
text: His tone has something vaguely malevolent in it. It
text: rankles Jill.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: My mother was brave.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: So are you, my dear.
text: Jill looks at Strasser sharply. For the first time, she
text: really notices his strange, leather hand. For reasons
text: she's not yet conscious of, it scares her.
text: Strasser notices that Jill is staring at his hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 89 CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: It's not so pretty, I know.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (looking away)
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What happened?
text: Strasser and Garth exchange amused glances.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Well... you could say I had an
text: encounter with a monster.
dialog: (in Roumanian)
dialog: Monstrule.
text: Strasser and Garth chuckle -- they think they're just
text: sharing a private joke.
text: But Jill has a troubled look in her eyes -- the foreign
text: epithet has struck a chord from long ago... she struggles
dialog: to remember...
text: Then she gets it. She sees herself crouching in the
text: forest with Joe over 12 years ago, overhearing Strasser's
text: curses, and her blood runs cold. She glances at
text: Strasser, everything dawning on her at once. The hand...
text: the face... it all comes together for Jill.
text: Strasser catches the look on Jill's face and knows some-
text: thing is wrong. Adrenaline is pumping through her.
text: Unsure of how to make her next move, Jill tries to hide
text: the realization that is crashing down on her...
text: She glances in the side view mirror of the truck and
dialog: sees:
text: Gregg, driving up behind them in the Conservancy vehicle.
text: Jill's face reacts ever so slightly, but Strasser catches
text: it. He follows her eye line, looking where she looked,
text: and as he also spots Gregg, Jill knows the game is up.
text: She loses it and screams:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Murdering bastard!
text: Jill slams her elbow into Strasser's nose. Strasser's
text: face reflexively goes down in his hands. Stunned, Garth
text: swerves at the wheel. Fast as lightning, Jill grabs his
text: hair and slams his face into the dash.
text: Before the men can recover, Jill kicks and claws her way
text: over Strasser's back, fighting toward the open window...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 89 CONTINUED: (2) 89
text: She reaches through the window and grabs onto the side
text: view mirror. The truck door swings open and Jill sails
text: out the door, dangling from her hold on the side view.
text: The speeding truck swerves wildly, banging Jill again and
text: again against the door.
text: Gregg sees her and is horrified at the danger. He speeds
text: up, trying to reach her...
text: Strasser grabs for Jill, trying to pull her back into the
text: truck... she kicks at him and loses her grasp on the side
dialog: view mirror.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT 90
text: Jill falls, hitting the running board and bouncing hard
text: onto the concrete roadway.
text: Two CARS swerve and CRASH around her.
scene_heading: 91 INT. TRAILER HOLD 91
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV
text: THROUGH the slats in the trailer, Joe sees Jill almost
text: being hit by the cars. He goes crazy, trying to get
text: out, rocking the trailer back and forth...
scene_heading: 91A EXT. STREET - THAT MOMENT 91A
text: Jill lifts her head off the concrete and screams futilely
dialog: after Joe:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Joe! Get out!
scene_heading: 91B INT. CAB OF CONSERVANCY TRUCK - THAT MOMENT 91B
text: Strasser looks back at Jill lying on the road and slams
text: the truck door closed.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: (to Garth)
dialog: Drive!
text: Garth FLOORS it. The truck speeds away.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 91C EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT 91C
text: Gregg sees Jill up ahead and SLAMS on the BRAKES. He
text: jumps out of his car and races to her side. He reaches
text: her and scoops her away, narrowly saving her from being
text: hit by another passing car.
scene_heading: 91D EXT. STREET/INT. CAB - CONTINUOUS ACTION 91D
text: The wheel flies through Garth's hand as he tries to
text: control it. Strasser's face is covered in blood.
text: The trailer rights itself. Continues on.
speaker_heading: 92 OMITTED 92
dialog: thru thru
dialog: 95 95
scene_heading: 96 EXT. CITY STREET - CONTINUOUS ACTION 96
text: Gregg checks Jill over. She is bruised and bloody, but
text: she doesn't seem to notice. She just stares after the
text: trailer and moans...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: What have I done? Mother, oh,
dialog: God, what have I done...
dialog: (to Gregg)
dialog: Do you know who they are?
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: I know.
text: Gregg half-carries her to the truck.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Come on. Let's go get him back.
text: They see the trailer disappear around the corner...
scene_heading: 97 INT. CONSERVANCY TRUCK - CAB - CONTINUOUS ACTION 97
text: Garth tries desperately to steer the truck as the
text: steering wheel burns through his hands.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. HOLLYWOOD BLVD. - WIDER SHOT - NIGHT 98
text: The picture postcard version. Lots of neon. Tourists.
text: Movie theaters flashing elaborate marquees.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: 98
text: Gleaming Harleys parked in a row.
scene_heading: INTO FRAME -- trailer --
text: -- weaves wildly. It clips a car coming the other way
text: and begins to skid sideways through traffic. It enters
text: the intersection kicking off sparks, sending cars
text: swerving away.
text: WIDEN as the truck jackknifes -- and -- skids to a
text: stop -- the back at an acute angle to the cab. A second
dialog: of eerie silence as --
text: Out of the stores and theaters, people run towards the
text: accident. They encircle the truck. People press closer
text: trying to get a look.
text: A loud GROWL stops them cold.
text: TILT UP -- top of trailer.
text: -- Joe's fist punches through. WIDEN as Joe tears away
text: the top and pulls himself free -- climbing up atop the
text: truck. Its effect on the crowd is like Pandora opening
text: her box. They all surge backwards.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: 98
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV
text: Looking down at the horrified faces simply shouting at
text: him. Confused by the blinding headlights and BLARING
text: HORNS. People stampeded trying to get away -- some
text: stumble on top of each other.
scene_heading: 99 LOW ANGLE - CAB 99
text: Garth helps Strasser from the wreckage. Neither of them
dialog: are that badly hurt.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Wait.
text: Strasser reaches back into the truck cab. Garth looks
text: around, nervously.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Police'll be here any minute.
text: Strasser pulls a leather case from the truck. Then he
text: reaches back in for his hunter's hat -- and sets it firmly
text: on his head. We haven't seen Strasser like this since
text: twelve years earlier: the hunter is back.
text: The sound of SIRENS reaches their ears. Garth is nervous
dialog: as hell.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: We better go.
text: Strasser has the thousand yard stare. Garth has to drag
text: him away.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Come on! We need to get out
dialog: of here!
text: The two of them leave the site of the accident, just as...
scene_heading: 100 EXT. STREET - THAT MOMENT 100
text: Joe drops down from the truck. People on the street run
text: up, take his picture, and run away.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: Hey! It's that gorilla that was
dialog: on TV!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 100 CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: BACK TO JOE
text: FOLLOW Joe DOWN the boulevard, as he moves in a four-
text: point walk through the intersection and along the
text: boulevard.
text: Two women coming out of a shop see Joe and scream -- that
text: frightens Joe and makes him bare his fangs. Which only
text: makes matters worse. He feints a charge -- and one woman
text: collapses.
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV
text: It is indeed an urban jungle -- made up of neon and
dialog: steel.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Joe walks down the street and bumps into:
speaker_heading: PARKED MERCEDES
text: Whose ALARM GOES OFF immediately. Joe wheels and smashes
text: the car until the sound STOPS.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON JOE
text: The lights and loud VOICES blend into one single tumult --
text: dangerous and threatening.
text: The sounds of SIRENS tell us the police are coming fast --
text: a block away we see two BLACK &amp; WHITES SCREECH INTO VIEW.
text: THROUGH the crowd we see a street kid, RAY, 13, come face-
text: to-face with Joe. His eyes go wide with the wonder of Joe.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Whoa... Hey, Joe!
text: It's as if he's seeing a completely different animal than
text: everyone else around him. It's a look we've seen in young
text: Jill's eyes.
text: Ray looks down the street at the approaching cop cars and
text: back at Joe. He understands the danger.
text: Ray points the right way for Joe to go, away from the
text: police cars. Joe watches Ray closely, as if he were
text: studying the boy's face. Then he moves off in the
text: direction Ray was pointing, towards:
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. MANN'S CHINESE THEATER - NIGHT 101
text: Where patrons hang fearfully by the doors. Theatergoers
text: rush back inside.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON IMPRINTS
dialog: for John Travolta and Donald Duck -- As an enormous
text: gorilla foot descends on them. They split down the
text: middle, then crumble into dust.
scene_heading: INSIDE TICKET KIOSK
text: A Mexican-American female ticket-taker hyperventilates,
text: boxed in her tiny glass booth. From HER POV, Joe ducks
text: down and stares at her, bringing his giant face close to
text: the glass. She is speechless with fright. Joe moves on.
text: Now the sounds of POLICE SIRENS can be heard APPROACHING.
text: FIND Joe -- boxed in by the movie theater. Angry. He
text: starts searching for a way out...
scene_heading: ANGLE - STREET
text: Just then -- two LAPD cars pull up. COPS jump out. They
dialog: spot Joe...
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Up there!
text: The Cop points up to...
scene_heading: 102 EXT. TOP OF MANN'S CHINESE 102
text: Joe uses his powerful muscles to scale the theater. He
text: makes it to the top -- high over Hollywood.
text: Behind him are hills and trees. Something familiar.
speaker_heading: BACK ON COPS
text: They've got their guns aimed, but Joe disappears over the
text: top of the theater.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 103 EXT. BOULEVARD - GREGG'S CAR 103
text: Gregg and Jill pull up to the overturned trailer, see the
text: wreckage... but no sign of Joe. Stunned, they whirl
text: around, hoping he'll still be somewhere in sight...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: 103
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: He couldn't have gotten far.
text: Jill is overwhelmed with frustration. In seconds, she
text: climbs on top of the overturned can and screams at the
text: top of her lungs:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Joe! Joe!
text: Gregg sees a group of EXCITED NEIGHBORS run down the street
text: towards Mann's Chinese screaming to each other:
scene_heading: EXCITED NEIGHBORS
dialog: This way!
text: Jill hops down and she and Gregg tear off down the street
text: towards the gathered crowd at the Chinese Theater.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 104 EXT. HOLLYWOOD SIGN 104
text: The world famous icon -- starkly white against the hill.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. HOLLYWOOD SIGN 105
text: PUSH IN CLOSE ON the "O." A shadow moves across the
dialog: opening.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: beat -- then Joe steps through. He's at the apex of the
text: urban mountain range.
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV - WEST
text: A beam of light is sweeping back and forth across the
text: night sky.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: PUSH IN CLOSE ON JOE -- he GROWLS as if he recognizes it.
text: From this distance it looks like a flashlight beam. In
dialog: Joe's mind it means only one thing -- Jill. He ROARS --
text: and moves off across the hill.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. CHINESE THEATER - NIGHT 106
text: As Jill and Gregg run up, Cops are interviewing witnesses
text: to Joe's flight. One CREW-CUT COP speaks into his walkie-
dialog: talkie.
speaker_heading: CREW-CUT COP
dialog: Orders are shoot to kill. He's
dialog: extremely dangerous.
text: Jill hears this and flips out. She almost attacks the
dialog: Cop.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (screaming at Cop)
dialog: No! He's not dangerous! You're
dialog: dangerous! You're dangerous!
text: The Cop gives Jill a look that says she's two seconds away
text: from handcuffs.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (to Officer)
dialog: She didn't mean that.
text: Gregg drags Jill away before she gets arrested.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (shouting back
dialog: at Cop)
dialog: Yes I did.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Better cool it, baby.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: They're going to shoot him.
text: Gregg looks up over the facade of the theater to the hills
dialog: beyond.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Not if we find him first.
text: POLICE HELICOPTERS BUZZ by overhead.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Let's follow them.
text: They run back towards their car.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. ALLEY NEAR HOLLYWOOD BLVD. 107
text: Garth and Strasser watch as Jill and Gregg head off
dialog: after Joe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
text: Strasser opens the case he retrieved from the truck,
text: starts assembling a hunting rifle. Garth looks at it
dialog: in surprise.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: What are you doing? You don't
dialog: think we can get the gorilla
dialog: now, do you?
text: Strasser doesn't even bother to answer the question. He
text: finishes loading his rifle.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: We need a car. Now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 108 EXT. HOLLYWOOD BLVD - NIGHT 108
text: A RUBBERNECKER sits in his car, a Range Rover, gawking at
text: the police all over Hollywood Blvd. Then a hunting rifle
text: ENTERS FRAME, pressing right against his cheek.
text: The Rubbernecker doesn't even seem scared. He just
text: shakes his head, annoyed.
speaker_heading: RUBBERNECKER
dialog: Fifth goddamn time this year.
text: He grabs his soda from the cupholder, his garage door
dialog: opener (Guy's been through this before) but before he can
dialog: reach for his Thomas Guide...
text: Garth hauls him out of the car and throws him on the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: RUBBERNECKER
dialog: Hey! I was going! No need to be
dialog: so pushy about it.
text: Strasser and Garth jump in the car and drive away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 109 EXT. SANTA MONICA MOUNTAINS - NIGHT 109
text: Homes built into the dark green hills. FOLLOW a wooden
text: fence -- a long wooden barrier that's been blown out of
text: its mooring. A MAN in BOXER SHORTS runs out of his
text: kitchen door. His wife behind him. Their DOG is WHINING
text: at something from underneath their deck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
scene_heading: POV SHOT - LOOKING THROUGH BACK YARD
text: The couple can see all the way down back. Every fence
text: has been knocked over.
text: We TRACK THROUGH the back yards, PAST overturned lawn
text: furniture and downed clotheslines. People stepping out
text: of the doors -- confused.
speaker_heading: BACK TO MAN
text: on cordless phone, surveying the damage.
scene_heading: BOXER SHORTS MAN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Is this L.A. County Animal
dialog: Control...? You're not gonna
dialog: believe this...
scene_heading: 110 EXT. SEPULVEDA PASS - NIGHT 110
text: FIND Joe -- emerging from the thick growth. He can hear
text: the NOISE like a rushing river O.S. He moves to the top
dialog: of the crest.
scene_heading: JOE'S POV - SAN DIEGO FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: Where the hills are split by the river of light. Joe
text: looks out over the freeway.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. NIGHT-SCAPE 111
text: Joe can see the searchlights in the distance.
text: The rushing river of light is an image Joe can't quite
text: assimilate. But somehow Joe knows he must cross this
dialog: "thing" to get to the hills on the other side.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT 112
text: Joe steps into the first eight lanes of freeway traffic.
text: We hear some SCREECHING and SKIDDING as the first four
text: drivers of the first four CARS in each northbound lane
text: spot Joe and slam on the BRAKES.
text: Miraculously, nobody crashes. Bumpers remain uncrushed.
text: Almost ceremoniously, the oncoming traffic comes to a
text: respectful halt as Joe hesitantly lumbers past.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED: 112
text: It's almost like church. The freeway becomes quiet.
text: Nobody honks. Nobody screams.
text: Overcome with awe, a woman steps out of her car and just
text: stands there in the middle of the freeway, watching Joe
text: pass. Others follow suit.
text: Joe climbs the center divider. The same thing happens in
dialog: the southbound lane.
text: As Joe disappears up the hill on the other side, the
text: stunned drivers simply stare in disbelief. L.A. is in awe.
speaker_heading: 113 OMITTED 113
scene_heading: 114 INT. CONSERVANCY VEHICLE (FREEWAY OVERPASS) 114
text: Gregg and Jill arrive on the scene.
text: They look down from the overpass and see cops swarming
text: around the area where Joe was, shining their flashlights
text: into the brush and talking to motorists.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Any idea where he might've headed?
text: ON JILL -- drifting off, as something O.S. catches her
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Look.
text: She points out THROUGH the windshield.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - JILL'S POV - THROUGH WINDSHIELD
text: Shining over the horizon, coming from somewhere near the
text: ocean, is a searchlight, piercing the night sky. The
text: image is as familiar to Jill as it was to Joe.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: That's where he'll go. He'll
dialog: think that's me calling him.
text: Gregg steps on the accelerator. As their car pulls away,
text: PAN TO Strasser and Garth following a few car lengths
dialog: behind.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 115 OMITTED 115
scene_heading: 116 HELICOPTER SHOT - MOVING ACROSS BAY - NIGHT 116
text: The moon-striped water surges and ebbs as we SKIM the
text: waves, RUSHING TOWARDS --
scene_heading: 117 EXT. PALISADES OCEAN PARK - NIGHT 117
text: A festival of lights. Rides, arcades, lots of people.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SEARCHLIGHT
text: A kettle light rotating on its base. CAMERA CRANES UP
text: THROUGH the klieg beams REVEALING the park -- CONTINUE
text: TO CRANE UP 'til we see, towering over everything, the
text: new Ferris wheel -- a neon blur spinning grandly against
text: the moon-bright sky.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. PALISADES OCEAN PARK - VARIOUS SHOTS - NIGHT 118
text: Quintessentially American images of beach-side amusement
text: park. A carnival-like atmosphere.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ARCHWAY ENTRANCE
text: Some couples stop to take their photos, kissing under
text: the iconic neon arch that welcomes people to the park.
speaker_heading: YOUNG COUPLE
text: stops to share the view -- and a kiss. Until a LOUD
text: GROWL makes them jump back.
text: Joe has appeared under the arch. The young girl
text: screams -- her boyfriend pulls her back.
speaker_heading: JOE'S POV
text: It's like a slow-motion panic. The noise and tumult of
text: the crowded park keeps people from hearing the screams
dialog: right away.
text: One toddler smiles and waves at Joe until his mother
text: snatches him and runs for dear life.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
scene_heading: AT FERRIS WHEEL
text: A crowd of kids waits in line. One of them, a particularly
text: appealing little boy named JASON, is having a conversation
text: with his MOTHER. She has the aura of a single mom about her,
text: and she clearly adores her sweet-faced kid.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Mom, I don't think I can let
dialog: you go on the ferris wheel.
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Because the last time after you
dialog: ate two hot dogs, you threw up,
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: What if I promised to throw up
dialog: over the side?
text: They both giggle at her joke.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Mom, I think I should do this
dialog: ride by myself.
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Okay... I'll watch you.
text: TILT UP TO the wheel turning majestically -- filled with
text: kids. Some wave from the chairs as they crest -- it
text: feels like they're flying over the ocean below.
text: We NOTICE two girls (JENNY, seven, and EMMA, nine) as
text: they come over the top. On the way down, they can see
text: the crowd parting below as Joe ENTERS FRAME.
text: At the base of the great wheel -- parents are finally
text: hearing the commotion.
speaker_heading: BY LIGHT
text: Joe arrives at his destination -- the bright light that
text: drew him here. He's confused by the fact that Jill's
text: nowhere to be found. Desperately, he scans the park...
text: People scream and panic around Joe. The noise drives
text: him deeper into the park, searching for Jill.
dialog: Meanwhile --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: (2) 118
scene_heading: AT ARCADE - BIG SAFARI BOOTH
text: Three college guys shoot replica AIR GUNS at cardboard
text: lions and elephants, setting off fake explosions in a
dialog: "Big Safari" booth.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: feels threatened and recoils. Then he continues past
text: them. The rush of people away from him gets more
text: frenzied.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. PARK ENTRANCE - SAME TIME 119
text: Jill and Gregg run under the archway. People rush past
text: them. They fight their way through the crowd.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He's gotta be here. Do you see
dialog: him?
text: Gregg and Jill scan the amusement park, looking for the
text: source of all the commotion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 120 EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT 120
text: Garth and Strasser have parked at the edge of the
text: amusement park. Strasser has the rifle out and propped
text: up on one knee. He uses the scope as a viewfinder.
scene_heading: STRASSER'S POV THROUGH SCOPE - JILL AND GREGG
text: running towards the carnival games.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Garth puts his hand on the barrel of the gun and pulls it
text: away from Strasser's eye. He's so nervous he's almost
text: chuckling.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: (very nervous)
dialog: Hold on, now -- just who are
dialog: you aiming at?
text: Strasser looks at Garth with deadly focus. His eyes tell
text: the story. Garth realizes his boss's intentions with
dialog: horror.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 120 CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: No. You can't do that.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: If that girl starts telling
dialog: people who we really are, our
dialog: whole cover operation will be
dialog: blown.
text: Strasser aims his rifle again.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: She's not an animal. That's a
dialog: human being you're about to
dialog: kill.
text: Strasser fixes Garth with an icy stare.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Go wait in the car.
text: He raises the gun again, gets the sight lined up just as
text: Gregg and Jill pass near the klieg light. Garth grabs
text: the gun, just as Strasser is about to pull the trigger.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 EXT. PARK - NIGHT 121
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: Strasser's SHOT, altered by Garth, hits the klieg light
text: behind Jill and Gregg.
scene_heading: The LIGHT EXPLODES -- GLASS SHATTERS.
text: Gregg pulls Jill to the ground, as...
text: Sparks shoot out of the klieg light, a few of them
text: hitting the ubiquitous sawdust and straw that buffers
text: the floors of many rides.
text: It takes only one second before there is a flame that
text: begins to spread in a SIZZLING POOL of OIL right at the
text: base of the Ferris wheel.
scene_heading: ANGLE - IN BACK OF FERRIS WHEEL
text: The FLAME dances over an oil slick and engulfs several
text: sacks of sawdust. It smolders -- then ERUPTS in a much
text: larger conflagration.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
text: FIND one parent (Jenny and Emma's MOTHER) who is nervously
text: waiting for her children near the bottom of the Ferris
text: wheel. She hears the HISS of the FIRE and sees the
text: shadows cast by the flames. She moves away from the
dialog: other parents -- into --
speaker_heading: POV SHOT
text: -- as she now sees the fire attacking the Ferris wheel.
scene_heading: JENNY'S MOTHER
dialog: Oh God...
text: The Ferris wheel operator sprays an industrial
text: extinguisher on the flames. He crawls underneath the
text: machine where the fire is worst.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 122 EXT. PARKING LOT 122
text: Strasser, extremely pissed off, turns to look at Garth.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: That was very stupid, Garth.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You're not a hunter, you're a
dialog: murderer, and I won't be a
dialog: part of this...
text: Strasser flips the gun and cracks Garth squarely in the
text: head with the rifle butt.
text: Garth hits the ground like a bag of sand.
speaker_heading: STRASSER
dialog: Anything else on your mind?
text: Strasser turns to look back at the park. He no longer
text: has a clear shot at Jill. He realizes he's going to have
text: to move in close.
text: From his jacket he takes a .45 caliber semi-automatic
text: Match Master and a barrel extension which he screws on
text: with great concentration using his gloved hand.
text: Strasser begins to work his way into the park.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. PARK - NIGHT 123
text: Jill and Gregg pick themselves up off the ground.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What was that?
text: Then they spot the fire, spreading to the Ferris wheel.
text: Gregg turns to Jill.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Go find Joe, get him out of here.
dialog: (looking towards
dialog: the wheel)
dialog: I'm gonna see if I can help.
text: Gregg moves off towards the Ferris wheel.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: heads over to the carnival games.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 EXT. PARK - CONTINUOUS ACTION 124
text: Strasser, calm and totally committed to his course of
text: action moves through the pandemonium of the crowd, gun
text: by his side.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: AT FERRIS WHEEL
text: Parents are shouting, crowding the Ferris wheel. Two
text: operators are unloading children as quickly as they can.
text: They look like they are about to be overwhelmed but
dialog: then...
text: Gregg ENTERS FRAME. He vaults the guard rail, starts
text: unloading children right from their moving cars.
text: There is utter chaos, children screaming, fire and smoke.
text: CRANE UP PAST the terrified faces of the children who
text: have to wait, 'til we GET TO Jenny and Emma. Jenny turns
text: to see the fire beneath them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 124 CONTINUED: 124
speaker_heading: FIRE
text: is really starting to burn out of control now. It has
text: spread to the engine of the FERRIS WHEEL, which, heated
text: to the bursting point, suddenly EXPLODES.
text: The ride operator with the fire extinguisher is blown
text: through the air, and the Ferris wheel lurches to a halt.
speaker_heading: JENNY AND EMMA
text: grip their safety bar as their bucket swings back and
text: forth. Emma nearly falls out -- until Jenny grabs her
text: and holds her tight.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Mo-om!!
scene_heading: JENNY'S MOTHER
dialog: Oh my God! Somebody help!
text: Gregg -- sees the girls, their bucket having come to a
text: stop about fifteen feet off the ground. Thinking
text: quickly, he jumps up on the guard railing, then leaps
text: across to their bucket.
text: He just grabs onto the bottom. The bucket shakes back
text: and forth violently, causing the two girls to scream.
text: Gregg looks up at them.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Don't be scared. Climb down my
dialog: back.
text: The girls look at Gregg, too nervous to move.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Come on.
text: Tentatively, Jenny and Emma climb out of their bucket and
text: onto Gregg's back, using him like a human ladder. They
text: shimmy down to his feet, then drop off, one by one, into
text: the waiting arms of their mother.
text: Gregg lets go of the bucket, drops a good fifteen feet,
text: landing roughly. The girls' mother looks down at Gregg,
dialog: thankfully.
scene_heading: JENNY'S MOTHER
dialog: Thank you! Oh God, thank you!
text: Gregg, winded, just nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: 125 EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - PARKING LOT - NIGHT 125
text: A phalanx of cop cars races up to the park.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - NEAR CARNIVAL GAMES 126
text: Jill moves through the maze of carnival games. She spots
text: Joe, moving through the small buildings, clearly
text: disoriented. She yells out...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Joe! Joe!!
text: But above the tumult, he can't hear her. Jill pushes her
text: way towards him, when she comes face to face with...
text: Strasser. Just yards away. He flashes his sickening
text: smile, raises his gun...
text: ON JILL -- a look of terror crossing her face as she
text: realizes she's about to die. Then, as a shadow passes
text: over her, her expression of terror melts away.
text: ON STRASSER -- seeing Jill's expression, his smile fades.
text: Why's she so calm all of a sudden? He doesn't even need
dialog: to turn around to know that:
text: Joe is behind him. As Strasser turns slowly around, Joe
text: reaches down swiftly and hoists Strasser off the ground.
text: The GUN GOES OFF, barely missing Joe. JOE ROARS and
text: crushes Strasser's left hand in his paw, a bone-crunching,
text: slow squeeze that makes Strasser scream in agony.
text: Then Joe swings Strasser around and grabs him around the
text: chest with his right paw. He pulls him close to his face
text: and blasts a DEAFENING ROAR into his face. Joe cocks his
text: arm and heaves Strasser with mighty force into the air.
text: Screaming, Strasser hurtles through space with incredible
text: speed, CRASHING right through the flaming signage of the
text: "Big Safari" booth, sending out a SHOWER OF SPARKS...
text: ... and continues flying through the air until WHACK! He
text: hangs up on a power line.
text: Strasser slips down, catching his fall with his fake hand.
text: This section of the LINE is safe, but directly below it is
text: a cluster of electrical junction boxes. Cracked and
text: blistered by the heat of the nearby fire, they are sparking
dialog: dangerously -- to fall on to them would mean certain
text: electrocution.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
text: Strasser's bad hand begins to slip from the wire.
text: Desperate, he reaches up with his left hand to grab on --
dialog: only to remember that this hand has just been crushed
text: by Joe, and is useless to him now.
text: Strasser helplessly watches as his prosthetic comes
text: unclasped from his hand and he slips the last, fatal
text: fraction of an inch.
text: Strasser falls onto the junction boxes, which explode in
text: a shower of sparks. Strasser sizzles and dies, while above
text: him, the prosthesis still swings on the wire.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. PARK - CONTINUOUS ACTION 127
text: Jill stands where she is, frozen at the horrible sight
text: of what has just happened. A dozen people scream and
dialog: recoil.
text: A swarm of policemen, led by Commander Gorman, watch
text: Joe's violent action in stunned silence. Gorman motions
text: to his men.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER GORMAN
dialog: Get the marksmen up here! Now!
text: Jill knows what's coming. Convincing Gorman is hopeless.
text: She runs to Joe. Fearing for his life, she calls for
text: him to follow her deeper into the park.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Come on, Joe. Come on.
speaker_heading: FERRIS WHEEL
text: Gregg is catching his breath on the ground near the Ferris
dialog: wheel.
text: Jill runs up to him, Joe close behind.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (breathlessly)
text: Joe got Strasser. He was trying
dialog: to kill me.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: I know. I just hope they do.
text: He motions to the cops, who have set up at the park's
dialog: edge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: 127
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON JOE
text: He's not looking at the cops. He's focused on the Ferris
text: wheel. The fire is burning near the metal supports that
text: hold it upright. With each passing minute, the wheel's
text: moorings are getting looser.
text: PAN UP TO a bucket at the very top of the wheel. Two
text: small hands hold on for dear life. He starts moving
text: towards it.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Joe?
text: In the next instant, Joe has started running for the
dialog: wheel.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Joe!
speaker_heading: COPS
text: are getting into firing squad position. A SHARPSHOOTER
text: follows Joe through his scope.
speaker_heading: SHARPSHOOTER
dialog: (to fellow cop)
dialog: Talk about an easy target.
speaker_heading: SHARPSHOOTER'S POV
text: He's got Joe right in his crosshairs, when...
speaker_heading: GREGG (O.S.)
dialog: Stop!
text: Gregg and Jill run into the crosshairs, waving their
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Don't shoot him.
text: Commander Gorman comes forward, yelling at Gregg.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER GORMAN
dialog: (to Gregg)
dialog: Get out of the way. Get back.
dialog: (to cops)
dialog: Ready...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: (2) 127
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Stop! He's not dangerous,
dialog: please...
text: The Commander is furious at these two civilians keeping
text: him from his job. He barks orders to two cops:
speaker_heading: COMMANDER GORMAN
dialog: (to two cops)
dialog: Get them out of here! Now!
text: The cops are about to move on Gregg and Jill when Jason's
text: Mother, panic-stricken, runs up to Gorman.
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: Officer, help! I can't find my
dialog: son! I think he's still on the
dialog: Ferris wheel.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Look!
text: Everyone turns to look at the Ferris wheel...
speaker_heading: SHARPSHOOTER
text: follows Joe's ascent through his viewfinder.
scene_heading: HIS POV - TOP OF FERRIS WHEEL
text: A frightened six-year-old boy pops his head up from a
text: bucket. Everyone is stunned as they see this lone
text: child -- trapped at the top.
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: (in agony)
dialog: Oh my God! Jason!
text: PAN DOWN to reveal -- Joe is heading straight for Jason.
text: Massive muscles pulling him up higher, towards the
dialog: endangered boy.
speaker_heading: ON GORMAN
text: ready to shoot Joe.
text: Jill turns to Jason's Mother, quietly pleading.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He'll save your boy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114A.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: (3) 127
text: Jason's Mother looks at Jill, panicking. She swallows
text: hard and turns to Gorman.
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: Don't shoot.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let him try.
text: Gorman looks at Jason's Mother, then at Joe. Then at the
text: boy at the top of the Ferris wheel. He motions to his men.
speaker_heading: GORMAN
dialog: Hold your fire.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. FERRIS WHEEL - NEAR TOP 128
text: Joe climbing with all his strength, comes to the top of
text: the Ferris wheel.
text: ON JASON -- staring, wide-eyed, at this miraculous
text: animal. He watches, in awe, as Joe extends a massive
text: hand and lifts him out of his seat.
speaker_heading: ON GROUND
text: All eyes watch, in awe, as Joe presses Jason to his
text: massive chest.
text: ON JILL -- smiling through tears. Gregg puts an arm
text: around her.
speaker_heading: BEHIND THEM
text: Camera crews from local TV news stations have poured into
text: the park. They film all of this.
text: AT BASE OF WHEEL
text: The wood attached to the metal supports has completely
text: burned through. With a terrible CRACKING sound, the
text: SUPPORTS begin to tear away.
text: Another EXPLOSION rocks the WHEEL. It SHUDDERS.
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: Oh, please, no...
text: WIDEN SHOT -- The Ferris wheel begins to tip over.
text: ON JILL -- a look of horror passes over her face as well.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: It's going to tip! Everyone back
dialog: up!
text: Everyone starts backing away from the wheel.
text: The wheel seems to fall slowly -- like in a dream --
text: sending debris and flames spilling across the park.
speaker_heading: ON JOE
text: As he cradles Jason tight in his arms.
text: The wheel begins to fall towards the ground.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: 128
text: Joe jumps away from the burning wheel --
speaker_heading: POV SHOT
text: As the ground comes rushing up at him.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: hits hard, just clearing the falling wheel by inches. He
text: doesn't move.
text: PAN the crowd -- an eerie silence falls over everyone.
text: The only sound the CRACKLING of the FIRE.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: breaks free from Gregg and runs toward Joe. Jason's
text: Mother races with her.
speaker_heading: ON JOE
text: Motionless on his back. Still cupping the boy, nestled
text: and protected against his massive chest. A beat -- then
text: Jason looks up from Joe --
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Mom?
text: Jason's Mother bursts into joyous sobs as her son climbs
text: into her arms. A general sense of relief passes through
dialog: the crowd, except for...
speaker_heading: JILL
text: She kneels by Joe stroking his great chest. Joe doesn't
text: respond. Jill bows her head and cries deeply.
text: People back away to give her room. How strange to see
text: this huge, powerful animal stilled.
text: Gregg comes and kneels by Joe's side. He checks for a
text: heart beat. For wounds. Joe doesn't stir. Gregg is
text: devastated, too.
scene_heading: PAN CROWD...
text: Firemen, paramedics and television reporters run through
text: the park. The paramedics lead off the wounded.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: (2) 128
text: Still holding her boy, Jason's Mother comes forward. She
text: recognizes what Jill is going through her own version
text: of mother's grief. She approaches respectfully...
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: I'm so sorry...
text: Jill is beyond comfort. She's in another world. Humming
text: their lullaby, she rests her soft cheek in Joe's giant paw
text: for the last time. Her blonde hair spills on his
dialog: fingers...
text: And then, SLOWLY ENTERING FRAME, a giant finger reaches for
text: Jill's cheek and strokes it gently...
text: It takes Jill a moment to realize she hasn't imagined
text: this... she opens her eyes, sees the moving fingers, turns
text: to look into Joe's face, just as his eyes open...
text: Elated, Jill moves up to Joe's head and kisses his face a
text: thousand times. Gregg takes a deep breath, privately
text: thanking God. Jason's Mother is tearful -- Jason is all
text: smiles.
text: Jill tearfully blathers soothing words...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (kissing Joe's
dialog: head)
dialog: That's right, Joe -- that's
dialog: right, big guy. That was a big
dialog: fall but you're okay, aren't
dialog: you? You're tough. You're so
dialog: tough. Yes you are. Yes you are.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: (checking Joe over)
dialog: We've got to get him checked
dialog: out.
dialog: (looking around
dialog: at crowd)
dialog: And get him somewhere safe.
text: Jill looks at Gregg with a heavy heart.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (bitter/rhetorical)
dialog: Somewhere safe? Where is that?
text: Jason's Mother breaks in timidly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: (3) 128
speaker_heading: JASON'S MOTHER
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: Perhaps... I mean, maybe...
dialog: isn't there anything we can do?
text: Jason pushes in front of his mother. He reaches out his
text: little hand and pets Joe. He looks up at Jill and Gregg
text: with a shining face and smiles hopefully.
scene_heading: (ALTERNATE END OF SCENE)
text: Jill shakes her head at the mother and continues to pet
text: Joe softly.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: No. I don't think so. Not unless
dialog: you have a few million dollars on
dialog: you to buy him a home somewhere.
text: Jason's mother nods hopelessly, comprehending the
dialog: difficulty of the situation. But Jason has also heard
text: Jill's words. He pushes in front of his mother, reaches
text: into his pocket and pulls out a crumpled dollar bill. He
text: hands it to Jill and Gregg with a shining face and smiles
dialog: hopefully.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Here. For Joe.
text: Gregg and Jill are moved by the gesture. Gregg respect-
text: fully takes the dollar from the little boy while everyone
text: looks on.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Thanks.
text: Gorman and his men exchange glances, also touched by the
text: little boy's deed. Now Gorman reaches into his pocket and
text: pulls out a ten. He comes forward and hands it to Gregg.
speaker_heading: GORMAN
dialog: For Joe.
text: Now the other cops are reaching into their pockets. They
text: come forward with dollars in their hands.
speaker_heading: COPS
dialog: Here. For Joe.
text: Gregg's hands and pockets are being stuffed with money as
text: dozens of people begin to come forward with whatever they
text: can afford. Gregg looks at Jill, overwhelmed by what's
text: happening, and her face echoes his emotions...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A118A.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. SCHOOL - DAY 129
text: Jason walks up and down the aisle collecting pennies.
text: He holds a collection can that reads, simply, "Joe."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 130 EXT. NEW YORK SUBWAY - DAY 130
text: Busy commuters rush through turnstiles -- but stop long
text: enough to throw money into a big Joe bucket manned by a
text: guy wearing a gorilla suit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 131 OMITTED 131
scene_heading: 132 EXT. HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD - DAY 132
text: We see Ray and his street-tough buddies collecting money
dialog: for Joe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 132A EXT. KWELI'S VILLAGE - DAY 132A
text: Kweli walks through the outdoor bar, collecting money for
text: Joe from a half dozen villagers.
text: A hand, holding a few crumpled bills, taps him on the
dialog: back.
text: Kweli turns around and comes face to face with Pindi.
text: Pindi stuffs the money in Kweli's can and grins.
speaker_heading: PINDI
dialog: For Mighty Joe, bro.
scene_heading: 133 INT. POST OFFICE - PILE OF MAIL - DAY 133
text: Dumped on the ground of the post office. PULL BACK as
text: four more bags are dumped.
text: PUSH IN CLOSE ON one envelope -- with an obviously
dialog: foreign stamp simply addressed:
dialog: "Joe Young, America."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 118A.
scene_heading: 134 INT. M.J.Y. WILDLIFE PRESERVE - DAY 134
text: The blue sky above Africa. CRANE DOWN to see:
text: An entry gate with the words "Joe Young Wildlife Park"
text: printed across the top.
text: Beneath the gate: Kweli, standing with Jill and Gregg,
text: is blowing a ceremonial horn, sending an ancient blessing
text: into the air. As he finishes, we hear applause.
text: PULL BACK to reveal 35 people -- locals, villagers,
text: friends -- applauding the opening of the park.
dialog: Voiceover begins:
speaker_heading: JILL (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Cecily: I promised to write
dialog: you when Joe was settled and now I
dialog: finally can. We finally dedicated
dialog: the Joe Young Wildlife Park last
dialog: week and it was one of the
dialog: happiest days of my life. At last
dialog: I have kept my promise to my
dialog: mother.
text: Under the gate, Jill jumps joyously on Gregg, and he
text: whirls her around in a tight embrace.
speaker_heading: JILL (V.O.)
dialog: Joe seems so happy here. I know
text: he feels that he's safe.
text: Gregg looks O.S. and waves.
speaker_heading: GREGG
dialog: Hey, Joe -- come on, big guy...
text: Joe comes walking INTO FRAME. Gregg smiles at Jill, very
text: pleased with himself that Joe responds to him now, too.
speaker_heading: JILL (V.O.)
dialog: He and Gregg have become good
text: friends. They even play together.
dialog: And that jealous rivalry they
dialog: had? It's all gone.
text: Joe swats Gregg to the ground and takes his place next
dialog: to Jill.
speaker_heading: JILL (V.O.)
dialog: Well... almost all gone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 134 CONTINUED: 134
text: Not completely amused, Gregg picks himself up and raises
text: a warning finger at Joe. Joe looks over at him, and
text: purses his lips at Gregg, as if laughing at his own
dialog: rough play.
text: Joe turns and walks away up the hillside. Jill helps
text: Gregg up. He puts his arm around her and kisses her
text: hair. They watch Joe go.
speaker_heading: JILL (V.O.)
dialog: It's been a long journey getting
text: to this place, but Joe is finally
dialog: home. I think we all are.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK over the crowd of villagers who have
text: begun singing a powerful African hymn.
text: As the sound of their singing rises into the mountain
dialog: sky, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: AERIAL SHOT
text: TRACKING WITH Joe, who begins to run now, limbs out-
text: stretched with energy and joy, claiming his freedom.
text: The CAMERA RISES OFF of Joe to the verdant African
text: landscape beyond. Joe's home -- protected and free.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
